The Hobbit: A Most Peculiar Adventure

Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at https://archiveofourown.org/works/38908071.

Rating: Mature
Archive Warning: Graphic Depictions Of Violence
Category: F/M
Fandoms: The Hobbit - All Media Types, The Lord of the Rings - All Media Types,

TOLKIEN J. R. R. - Works & Related Fandoms, The Silmarillion and
other histories of Middle-Earth - J. R. R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings
- J. R. R. Tolkien, The Hobbit - J. R. R. Tolkien

Relationship: Fíli (Tolkien)/Original Female Character(s)
Characters: Fíli (Tolkien), Original Female Character(s), Kíli (Tolkien), Bilbo

Baggins, Thorin Oakenshield, Gandalf | Mithrandir, Dwalin (Tolkien),
Bombur (Tolkien), Balin (Tolkien), Ori (Tolkien), Nori (Tolkien), Dori
(Tolkien), Bifur (Tolkien), Bofur (Tolkien)

Additional Tags: Eventual Romance, Slow Burn, Angst, Fluff, Rating May Change, Durin
Family Feels, Bilbo is So Done, Protective Fíli, Kíli Is a Little Shit,
Magic, Middle Earth, Quest of Erebor, Everybody Lives, Originally
Posted on FanFiction.Net, Friends to Lovers, Dwarven Ones | Soulmates,
Slow Build, War, Epic Battles, Slave Trade, Attempted Kidnapping,
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence, Alternate Universe - Soulmates,
Dragon Sickness, Thorin Has Secrets, The Silmarillion References, The
Lord of the Rings References, Cultural Differences, Thorin Broods,
Gandalf Meddles, Dwarves Adopt Bilbo Baggins, Bilbo Baggins Has the
Patience of a Saint

Language: English
Stats: Published: 2022-05-10
Updated: 2022-11-18
Words: 100,713
Chapters:

12/?



The Hobbit: A Most Peculiar Adventure
by TravellingWitch

Summary

When a half-blood Seer wakes with no memory in a field near Hobbiton, she finds shelter
with Bilbo Baggins. Despite her abrupt arrival, Bilbo sees it as his duty to take care of her, no
matter what dangers may come their way. But then a company of brash Dwarves comes
knocking at Bag End, and disturbs their fragile peace with biting questions and bitter
answers. Can they help uncover her past? Can she help them reclaim their home? And what
is it about the blue-eyed prince that beckons with such burning passion?

Notes

Hello! Welcome to my my first fanfic, which has been cross posted with FanFiction. It's not
stolen, I promise! If you've come over from there, hi! Nice to see you again. The work will be
updated both on here and over on FanFiction.Net. Here the rating may change (and probably
will) as we go on when fights/battles happen and we get to more adult stuff. I will put trigger
warnings before each chapter when we come along to a subject/theme, and if I miss any
please let me know.

Warning: this will be a slow burn. The slowest. Fíli isn't the brightest spark in the bunch, and
what with extenuating circumstances and the less than helpful Kíli, it will take a while. But I
hope the lead up to it will be just as enjoyable!

Thanks for giving the story a go, enjoy.



Chapter 1: The Waking

There was a big, round door up ahead of me. Fourth—no, the fifth?—I had come across this
evening. No, no, it was the sixth. I couldn't be sure. I didn't even know how long I had been
walking.

The charming wooden gate and smooth flagstone steps that led up to the door were
unfamiliar. I was hesitant to walk up them, yet I knew as sure as I knew the sun would rise
come dawn, that I needed to speak with someone. Anyone. It was the matter of why, that I
was less certain of.

A soft, warm light shone through small circular windows either side of the door. A beckoning
sight amidst the darkness that surrounded me. Now that I was closer, I could see that the door
was a beautiful deep green. There were little round nails decorating the door, and a single
round brass handle in the very centre. All in all, I thought it was a very handsome door.

Timidly, I rapped my knuckles against the wood, hoping those inside were not asleep or
eating. I didn't want to disturb anyone, but I needed to find somewhere to sleep and
something to eat. Then, I could hear the faint sounds of footsteps. Giving a cautionary glance
over my shoulder, I found no one, so it must have come from inside.

The door opened and out spilled more of that glowing light onto the cold stone I stood upon.
My bare feet looked orange in the light, as if my skin was on fire. My musings cut short
when I heard a shocked gasp.

The person in the doorway also had bare feet, but his were large and hairy. He wore a
patchwork robe over what I assumed to be his night clothes and I felt guilty. Had I interrupted
his bath? Or supper? Or even sleep?

"Par-pardon me sir?" I hoped I was polite enough, not sure what the protocol was for
knocking on someone's door in the middle of the night. "But, could you possibly tell me
where I am?"

He made a funny sound, almost a gasp and an exclamation of disbelief all at once. His big
green eyes widened, his brown, bushy eyebrows disappeared into his curly fringe and his
mouth hung agape.

All at once he seemed to remember my question. He straightened, closing his mouth with a
sharp click that I was sure hurt, righted his robe and bowed.

"Pardon me miss," he began, his tone pleasant if a little wary. "You are in Hobbiton, which
resides in the Shire, and my name is Bilbo Baggins. How may I help you?"

The Shire? Hobbiton? These words sparked no memories in my mind. I was without any
knowledge or understanding as to where I was.

"Miss?" Came the tentative call from Mr Baggins. "Are you all right?"



He was leaning forward through the curved doorway, his head tilted to one side as he
observed me. The light coming from behind him brought with it a warmth, and it was then
that I realised how cold I was. I shook, indulging in the urge to wrap my warms around
myself.

"I apologise Mr Baggins I-I don't seem to-to know…" I paused and took a deep breath,
rubbing my arms to strive off the chill and panic. "I appear to be, to be lost."

Sniffing as a strong wind blew past me, I looked apologetically at Mr Baggins, hoping he
would help me. I was too tired to try and find help elsewhere at the moment.

"Lo-Lost? Oh, of course, please come in. And you're cold, well of course you're cold, silly
me. Come in, we need to get you next to the fire, you're practically blue!" He exclaimed,
ushering me into the warmth of his home.

Thankful, I crossed the threshold into his house, feeling the warmth prickle my icy skin. The
rug beneath my feet was a different sensation from soil, cobbles or stone, it was soft and
comforting. The fibres were smooth with age, yet rough in contrast to the worn stone I'd been
stood on moments before.

"Here," he said after shutting the large round door behind us. "Follow me miss and we'll have
you warm in no time at all. Would you like a cup of tea? As it happens I've just made myself
one."

"Umm, ye-yes I would like that very mu-much Mr Baggins, thank you," I answered. The half
memory of a cup of hot liquid materialising in my mind.

He smiled with a touch of nervousness. Was he worried about what his wife might think?
Bringing a strange girl into their house in the darkness of night? Perhaps this wasn't such a
good idea?

"I'm, I am terribly sorry if I, I interrupted your nightly habits, Mr Baggins." I spoke softly for
fear of waking a sleep child. What had I been thinking? "If you would rather I-I left, I would
completely under-understand."

Mr Baggins came to an abrupt halt as we entered a cosy room. It was set aglow with the
amber light of a cheerful fire sitting in a hearth below a large, ornate wooden mantle.

"Leave?" He questioned as he processed the word.

I nodded. "Yes, I-I mean, I wouldn't want to disturb you and your family."

He blinked again before smiling and shaking his head.

"Nothing to worry about, it's just me here I'm afraid. Just me."

"Oh."

"So, you really aren't disturbing anyone. In fact, your knock stopped me from falling asleep
in my chair again," he declared while pointing to a straight backed, light green armchair by



the fire. "Speaking of which, if you'd like to take a seat, miss?"

I lowered myself into the offered seat, a smaller, darker and softer looking armchair across
from his own. Once I was seated, Mr Baggins smiled and produced a thick, dark blanket from
a chest near the wall by a little arching window opposite the fireplace, which he then draped
over my knees with the utmost sense of propriety.

"There we are." He smiled at me as if I had helped to accomplish something grand. "I'll get
you a cup of tea and then you can tell me how you came to lose your way, yes?"

I nodded, glad I had managed to knock on the door of someone so kind. Mr Baggins left with
another smile and soft instruction to try and warm up as best I could. Looking down at my
shaking hands, I realised that the beds of my nails were blue. I was positive they were
supposed to be pink.

The heat from the fire next to me was starting to seep into my bones like water soaks cloth. It
was a little painful, the prick of the heat feeling like a thousand tiny blades piercing my skin.
I half wanted to move away from the fire, but something told me to stay put, that the pain
was my frozen limbs thawing. I wasn't quite sure how I knew this, I just did. The same way I
could identify objects around the room, a bookcase here, a loveseat there, and the bucket of
logs beside my seat. Yet, I struggled to remember events wherein I used or even encountered
such, or any other, objects. Apart from the tea.

Speaking of, I could hear the faint clatter of crockery as Mr Baggins entered the room. He
was carrying two small cups and saucers along with a plate of biscuits, and a brown teapot on
a little wooden tray.

"Here," he said as he rested the tray on a small footstool between our chairs. "I wasn't sure
what type of tea you liked so I thought a simple mint tea would do for now. And I found
some pieces of shortbread from when my aunt last visited, and thought you might like
something to eat."

"Thank you Mr Baggins." I smiled, completely charmed by his generosity.

"Please, call me Bilbo," he answered congenially. "What should I call you miss?"

I blinked, unable to recall my name, my title, or any word that may have ever been used to
address me.

"I don't know."

Bilbo froze, stunned. "You, you don't know?" He questioned.

I could only shake my head, frantically scrambling for a reason why I didn't know. I couldn't
find anything, nothing, not even a glimmer of a memory.

Looking up, I found Bilbo pursing his lips. I half thought he'd say I was lying. Instead, he
surprised me by leaning forward, his elbows on his knees and a soft, patient expression on his
face.



"If I might ask miss, how did you come to knock on my door?" He asked, tone gentle and
patient.

"Oh." I wasn't expecting him to ask that. "Well, the first thing I remember is waking up and
seeing the stars staring back at me. I was lay back on dewy grass by a hedgerow, there was
holly in the hedge. I remembered seeing it somewhere, it's a dark green colour, isn't it?"

He smiled then, not as if I were a child stating something obvious, but as if I had noticed a
small detail no one else had.

"Holly, yes, yes it is, that's right," he said, small dimples appearing beside the corner of his
lips. "I wanted my door to be holly green, it was painted yesterday. What else do you
remember?"

"There was a slight light in the distance I noticed once I was stood, so I managed to climb
under the hedge and find a road to follow the light. There was no one around me, not even an
animal. No bags, or even my shoes," I explained, looking at my bare feet as pain began to ebb
from them.

It was then that I realised the dress I was wearing was a deep red, embroidered with gold and
holly green thread. The sleeves were long, reaching my wrists but they were also torn and
dirty. But it was the bottom of my dress that drew my attention, for it had been ripped and
shredded until the hem ended a few inches above my ankles. My exposed legs were littered
with scratches and deep bruises.

"What happened to me?" My words were a whisper in the quiet of the room.

I shook myself, remembering that I had not finished telling Bilbo how I came to find his
home, and so continued. "Once I was on the road, I followed it towards the light, coming to a
couple of homes in the hillside. However there was no light from within them so I carried on.
Yours was the first I had come across that had a light."

Bilbo stared at me as I finished my tale, his mouth hanging open a little as he did.

"And do you remember anything else? Anything at all?" He asked, looking throughly
intrigued by my story.

"Nothing except when you offered me a cup of tea. I remembered a cup of tea being handed
to me. But I do not know who by, or where I was," I explained, feeling inadequate of my
feeble answer.

Bilbo was contemplative, humming to himself as he leant back in his armchair and took a sip
of his tea.

"That is quite the story."

I nodded, sighing. Warming up was starting to awaken aches and pains I did not know I had.
The injuries on my legs stung, there was a dull ache ebbing from my back and a harsh



throbbing pain from my head, not forgetting the numbness now settling in my feet. If I had
known being warm would involve such discomforts, I would have preferred to stay cold.

"Well," Bilbo continued. "I believe I might be able to answer one or two questions if you
cannot my dear."

Any pain I felt faded into the back of my mind at this.

"You do?" I asked eagerly.

He nodded. "It seems to me that you have Dwarf blood."

"Dwarf?"

Again he nodded. "Yes, you have the right build, height. Though I must admit I didn't know
Dwarves could have hair as curly as yours. I mean, if it wasn't for your feet, I could have said
you were a…Hobbit." Bilbo paused and watched me with deep concentration.

Under his gaze I nervously reached up to touch my hair. He was right, it was curly and,
bringing a piece around to see, it was a deep golden colour, almost exact to the amber light
that had lead me to Bilbo's door.

Satisfied that I knew a little more about myself, I tucked the piece of hair behind my ear.
Bilbo gasped.

"What is it, Bilbo?"

"Your ear."

"W-what about it?"

"You, you have Hobbit ears!" He exclaimed.

Frowning, I bit my lip. "But, you said I was a Dwarf?"

He nodded, eyes fixed on my exposed ear intently.

"Perhaps, yes, you do bare a remarkable resemblance to Dwarves. However, your curly hair
and pointed ears are undoubtably that of a Hobbit!"

"So," I began, fighting around the shady image in my mind of a stout figure I presumed was
typical of Dwarves and what I could see of Bilbo now. Who, upon further inspection, had
curly hair and pointed ears. "You are a Hobbit?"

"Oh!" Bilbo snapped upright in his seat. "Yes, yes I am."

"Do you believe I could be…is there a name for a half-Dwarf half-hobbit?" I asked, tentative.

Bilbo's gaze grew sympathetic. "There isn't one for polite society, but yes my dear, I do
believe you are one."



At this new development I sat back, aghast at what I had learned in such a short amount of
time. To wake with nothing and to now have half an identity was staggering to say the least.
The pain in my head thumped like the beat of my heart, but I ignored it as I watched Bilbo.
He had forgotten about his cooling tea and was instead staring at me with a thoughtful
expression.

"Bilbo? Are you all right?" I leant forward to ask him, reaching for my own cup, the heat
warming my stiff fingers.

"Hum?" He blinked away his stray thoughts, frowning a little.

"I asked if you were all right."

"Oh, yes, yes, I'm fine thank you." His polite sensibilities seemed to be an automatic response
regardless of his actual thoughts and feelings.

At my sceptical look he sighed. "It's…something is bothering me."

"What is it?"

Again he sighed, deeper now as if he was fortifying himself for unpleasant news.

"You woke alone, correct? Without so much as a coin?" He clarified.

I nodded, a little worried where his questioning was leading.

"Dwarves, and I've only met a few Dwarves in my life, and what else I know has come from
my books…but Dwarves by their very nature are protective of their own. This includes their
women." He shifted nervously. "It is unheard of, unknown even, for a Dwarrowdam, that is a
female dwarf, to be left alone."

Bilbo looked saddened with his revelation, but I was only confused.

"So, so, they don't leave women by themselves? Ever?"

He shook his head. "As far as I am aware my dear."

"But they left me."

How could what Bilbo have said be true if they left me alone? Bilbo sighed and I could see
that he was upset that he would be the one to break the news to me. He leant forward, setting
his cup on the tea tray before reaching for my hands. Laying a hand on my own, the warmth
from his hand was soothing against the ache that lingered in my bones.

"They might not have," he said. "Maybe something happened outside of their power, and they
had no choice but to leave you?"

I bit my lip and sniffed back the unexpected swell of tears that welled in my eyes.

"Maybe," I agreed, my voice quiet in the stillness of the room.



Bilbo patted my hand and leant back into his chair, a soft smile on his face.

"But you are also a Hobbit!" Bilbo exclaimed, grinning. "And I have to say that once
everyone gets a look at you, they will never want you to leave the Shire!"

"What makes you say that?"

Bilbo smiled, the lines around his eyes softening them until his gaze felt as warm as the fire
we sat by.

"Simple really, Hobbits love other Hobbits. We are naturally a community based species who
thrive together. When they all see that there is another Hobbit in our midst, and an unfamiliar
one at that, why I doubt you will have a moment to yourself."

I couldn't help but chuckle at the thought of being surrounded by Hobbits, variations of Bilbo
with large feet and friendly dispositions, all of whom I guessed would pepper me with
questions.

Questions I did not know the answers to. Questions I sorely needed to know the answers to.
Even just so I knew who I was.

Bilbo must have seen my despondent thoughts on my face for he frowned and leaned closer
again.

"What is it?" He asked.

"They will ask questions, as is their right to know what I am and where I've come from
because I am a stranger in their home. Though, I'm ashamed to say that I'm afraid that not
everyone will be as openminded as you are Bilbo," I explained, feeling more lost with every
word I spoke. "I don't even known my own name!"

Absent of thirst or hunger, I set my cup back down and my hands began to worry at the fabric
of my dress in my lap. My mind was too full of fear and dread to think of manners at that
particular moment. What would they say when they discovered I knew nothing about myself?
Surely it would raise suspicions? How could anyone possibly trust me if I do not even know
my own name?

Then I looked at Bilbo.

Bilbo trusted me enough, even before he had asked what my name was, to invite me into his
home without ill intentions. Maybe, just maybe, there were others like him. And perhaps they
would accept me just as he has.

All this time Bilbo had been patiently waiting as I sorted through my thoughts. He sat in his
armchair, looking for all the world like someone having tea with an old friend.

"What will I tell people Bilbo?" I asked the quiet Hobbit, starting to panic about what I would
face in the morning. "What am I to do? I have no money, no clothes, nowhere to stay and
nowhere to go!"



"Now that isn't true," Bilbo was quick to add.

"Pardon?"

"You can stay here, that is, if you would like," he offered, looking a little shy at his sudden
proposal.

"Stay-stay here? With you?"

"Yes, I mean, it is the very least I can do for someone in need. Certainly for a fellow Hobbit!"
Bilbo exclaimed, with every word looking more and more involved with the idea brewing in
his mind.

I felt like the chair beneath me had given way to a bottomless pit in the earth and I was
falling completely without control.

"Bilbo, you cannot be serious?"

Where all Hobbits were this odd and brash?

He'd only met me moments ago, neither of us knew my name, nor who I was, and all of the
implications that might come with this uncertainty were unvoiced. Yet he was willing to offer
me a place to stay in his home. This was bizarre. Even I knew inviting a stranger to stay
wasn't normal. For all he knew I could kill him in his sleep! Not that I would! But he couldn't
be sure of that.

"I am completely serious. You are a young Hobbit, if only by half, alone without anywhere to
go and without anyone to turn to. It would be against everything I was raised to be if I were
to turn you away! My, not only that, but I would never be able to live with myself when I
ignored someone who needed help. I can offer you help, I want to offer you help, so I shall,"
he said, and nodded decisively, mind made up. "I will hear no more on the subject."

I found myself sniffing, not because of the rapid change in temperatures my body had
experienced, but because of Bilbo's touching speech.

"Thank you Bilbo, thank you so very much," I whispered, unable to stop the couple of tears
that spilled over onto my cheeks.

Bilbo smiled and leant forward to give my hand a gentle squeeze.

"It seems our tea has gone cold," Bilbo huffed, looking a little put out by this.

I smiled at his small pout, his round features illuminated by the firelight as he contemplated
our tea. He felt the round, earth brown teapot.

"Not to fear," he said, happy. "Still warm in the pot."

I laughed, the sound wet. "Perfect."



Bilbo took both my lukewarm tea and his own half finished mug and added more of the hot
tea. He handed mine back and held out the plate of biscuits in offering.

The shortbreads were stout slices of a golden, crumbly biscuit. Along the top of each were
rows of four dots, spaced evenly along the entire length, as if made by a fork. I had the vague
memory of standing at someone's elbow as they pressed a fork to make these marks onto a
pale dough on a wooden countertop. We were making the same biscuit. The person, the
woman, beside me smelled of sugar, apples and spices. I had been happy, I could feel the
memory of emotion warming me form somewhere inside my chest.

"Miss?" I could hear Bilbo ask, tentative. "Are you all right?"

I was better than all right! I had remembered something!

"Yes, yes I'm fine Bilbo," I answered, smiling. "I'm fine, I actually, I just had a memory. I
remembered something!"

"Really?" His eyes were wide and a smile blossomed on his face.

"Yes, it was, I was by someone's side. They, she, I think was making shortbread. She was
pressing a dough with a fork to make marks like the ones on the shortbread." I indicated to
the plate now held frozen in Bilbo's grip as he waited wide eyed for me to finish. "I could
smell apples and sugar and spices, I think I was in a kitchen, one I knew, I felt…oh Bilbo, I
felt happy there, safe and so, so happy."

I couldn't have contained the smile on my face even if I tried. Bilbo looked much the same.
I'd remembered something, and it was more than just a flash of tea being handed to me.

"You see," Bilbo spoke with warmth. "You'll have your memories back in no time!"

At that moment I couldn't help but feel the same, I hoped beyond reason that the rest of my
memories came back as easily. I wanted to know who I was, and what I was doing bare
footed on the edges to Hobbiton. More than anything, I longed to know my name, something
that identified me as me, not just a Dwarf-Hobbit hybrid.

That also bothered me, as here I sat in what I could deduce was a once expensive gown,
without so much as a ring left as a clue to any matter of my past, and there had been no one
banging on Bilbo's door asking if he had seen me. Surely someone was looking for me? What
Bilbo said earlier about Dwarves puzzled me. If I was one of their own, then they would not
have left me in the middle of nowhere, could they? I must mean something to someone?
Someone must miss me, mustn't they?

I refused to believe that I had just been abandoned. If I had a family, for surely I must have
one as I am sure I did not just appear from thin air, they cannot have purposefully left me on
a field somewhere. There had to be a reason for my being alone.

Something must have happened that was beyond their control. Like Bilbo had said, of course.



Content in the surety of this, I sipped my warm tea, letting the heat from the mug, liquid and
the fire chase away any lingering chill in my being. Upon eating some of the delectable
shortbread, I found my stomach growled with hunger, making noises I did not know it could
make. Bilbo, rather than being disturbed by the noises, chuckled and handed me more
biscuits. After seven of the biscuits and a cup more of tea, I felt tired, the warmth was like a
comforting embrace for me to fall asleep within. Bilbo must have noticed my relaxed figure
as he smiled.

"I can understand if you feel tired, warmth does that. Especially if you have been cold for a
while," he remarked. "I will make sure the guest room has everything you might need, and
then I think I will retire to bed myself."

He stood, placing his now empty mug onto the wooden tray.

"I won't be a moment," he reassured me before vanishing through the doorway behind his
armchair.

Alone again, I felt different. Before when I had happened upon Bilbo's door I had been alone,
but now the solitude felt…odd. It was as if I had only just realised that something was
missing. Not missing from the atmosphere, as Bilbo's home, as far as I had seen, was inviting
and cheerful and all that I could want after waking to blackness and the dewy grass of an
unnamed field. No, something was missing from me. I was without a part, a…vital piece of,
of my being. I had no other way to describe it other than that.

I didn't know what, but I was missing something and it wasn't just my memories.

The sudden pop of the fire jolted me from my thoughts. Now wasn't the time to dwell on that
which I cannot change. I could leave such things until tomorrow when I could start over, and
who knows, I might dream of my memories if I was lucky.

Bilbo took that moment to reenter the room, his brown curls dishevelled.

"Everything is ready if you wish to retire." He voice was soft and unsure.

I was confident that, as welcoming as Bilbo was, he was not used to strange women turning
up at his doorstep with no memory and nowhere to go. This was as strange to him as it was to
me. For some reason his nervousness settled the battle of guilt and uncertainty in my head. It
was endearing that he was, despite his uncertainty, willing to help me. I could only hope to
return the gesture of kindness one day.

"Yes, thank you Bilbo I think I will," I said, standing.

I replaced my cup of tea to the tray on the footstool and then folded up the blanket Bilbo had
settled over my knees. It was a soft wool that sparked memories of the same sensation. Bilbo
smiled gratefully when I replaced the blanket to the chest he had taken it from earlier.

"Thank you," he said. "You know miss, I have not had such a thoughtful guest in a long
time."



I felt so warm now that the smile that graced my lips at his words felt lush and easy.

"Thank you Bilbo, I can only hope to be of use around your home, if only to lighten the
burden of my presence here."

"Burden?" Bilbo spluttered, aghast. "You are no such thing! You are my guest, and you do
not need to do anything to compensate me for letting you stay. I will not have you thinking
you are indebted to me."

I was glad for his words, but he was wrong in the fact that I wasn't indebted to him, I was. It
was a simple truth, but a truth nonetheless. But his words made me decide against taking the
tea tray back into the kitchen, which I was sure I could find, and washing up.

"Thank you, Bilbo."

He nodded, satisfied. "Now, if you'll follow me, I'll show you were you'll be staying. I hope it
is to your tastes. If it isn't, let me know what changes you would like and I'll do my best to
perform them."

"Oh, Bilbo I am sure I will love it," I assured him, humbled that Bilbo wanted me to feel
comfortable and at home in someone else's home.

He lead me through a door to the left of the fireplace, into a hall Bilbo informed me was
called the East Hall, and that we had just left the parlour. As we walked, he pointed out the
kitchen, which was next to the parlour as I had expected. Then, we entered a grand looking
space, much more than a hallway, and I thought that the title Atrium, that Bilbo supplied,
suited it rather well. To the left was an archway leading to the sitting room, and to the right,
the pantry and behind that were two cellars, a wine cellar and a cold cellar. Further ahead to
the left was a door leading to the study, which Bilbo told me connected to his bedroom,
should I need him. Another beautifully carved archway gave way to the West Hall, with a
small passage to a storage room to the immediate right after entry to the hall. To the left was
a passage leading to the back door after another archway, and then the hall divided into two,
the right towards a back room, and the left to the guest room.

"Or, perhaps we should call it your room?" Bilbo asked, hesitant.

I couldn't control my smile if I'd even attempted to.

"Do, do you mean that?" I asked, keeping my voice to a bare whisper for fear that I'd speak
too loudly and break the illusion of comfort I'd found in Bilbo's home.

Bilbo smiled, watching me fondly.

"I do," he whispered as well, but his tone, nor his expression, was mocking. Instead, he
seemed to me to be sharing a secret in the strictest of confidence.

"Oh, Bilbo!" I exclaimed, unable to hold myself back as I launched myself at Bilbo to
embrace him.



He caught me, though I knew he hadn't expected it, as I hadn't anticipated that I would
embrace him myself. Still, he recovered from his shock and hesitantly patted me on the back,
chuckling. Conscious that I was hugging an almost stranger, I pulled away.

"Thank you Bilbo! Thank you so very much!" I said through the swell of emotion I could not
control or hold back.

He chuckled again. "You are very welcome."

I noticed the flush of his cheeks and thought for a moment that perhaps Bilbo wasn't used to
such displays of affection.

"Sorry if I startled you, I couldn't contain my thankfulness. I have been so worried that I
would not find a place to spend the night, and yet here you are offering me your guest room!"

He continued to chuckle, appearing very much pleased by my reaction.

"It's no trouble at all, as I said, anyone else would do the same. Everyone needs to be shown a
little kindness, especially when they are in need of it," Bilbo commented wisely, looking for
all intents and purposes a teller of grand tales from his youth.

"Anyone might well do the same, yes, but what really matters is that you have done so for
me," I said, holding a deep, warm fondness for Bilbo in my chest.

Bilbo grew flustered, all ruddy cheeked and flickering eyes. He cleared his throat and smiled.

"Yes, well, as I said," he replied a tad awkwardly. "Now, shall I give you a quick tour of your
room?"

Flushing with happiness, I nodded, and turned to open the beautiful oak door, but was halted
by a gasp behind me.

"Oh!" Bilbo gasped when I turned back to face him. "Your head! It's bleeding!"

"What?" I questioned, reaching for the back of my head only to wince away in pain.

When I examined my fingers, I found there to be red flakes and clotted scarlet liquid. Bilbo
was right, I was bleeding. Or, I was more inclined to conclude that I had been bleeding, quite
a lot if I was to estimate from the amount that stuck to my fingers.

"Oh miss, you must let me look at that," Bilbo tried to calm the panicked tone in his voice,
but it was all to clear to me how frantic he was at the sight of my blood.

I didn't blame him. The sight of it both turned my stomach inside out, and raised so many
questions that it felt as if my head were spinning endlessly.

"Come into the study, I've got a small supply of healers tools, bandages and what not," Bilbo
spoke quickly as he ushered me back the way we had come, past the corridor to the back door
and back to the study. "I should be able to clean up that gash, but tomorrow I can call our



healer, Hilda, or if you're feeling well enough we can call by her home, she'll be able to patch
you up much better than I can."

He laughed nervously, and I couldn't find fault for him in doing so. In fact, I was a little
worried that dear Bilbo might faint at any moment. His behaviour was so erratic I feared he
was just speaking to keep his mind occupied from the shock of his discovery.

Meanwhile, I had begun to feel increasingly weary and tired. My head felt hot and sore as if
it had been beaten like a worn out shoe in the heat. I was sure that this wound was the reason
my head had begun to ache so much when I was warming up. I just hoped that if the pain in
my back was from another wound, it was only brushing or mere scratches. If I asked Bilbo to
examine my back I feared he would lose all sense — common or otherwise. Tomorrow I
would just ask the healer, Hilda, to examine it for me.

Bilbo guided me into a wooden chair beside a small made up fire, to the right as we walked
through the door. Once I was seated, he quickly found a box, hidden among a paper littered
bottom drawer in the desk beneath a small arched window. He returned to me, smiling when
he caught my gaze, and placed another chair behind me.

"I'll try my best to clean the cut, please tell me if I hurt you. I do not want to cause you more
harm." Bilbo's voice shook, but I was sure he would have a steady hand when tending to me.

I nodded, mindful that the action caused my temple to ache and a pain, sharp and sudden, to
throb from the base of my skull.

"Of course I will Bilbo," I reassured him, it seemed my excitement had dampened the pain
momentarily.

I heard him splutter behind me in what I thought was a rushed and muttered variation of:
"Good. Well, then, I suppose I had better get along with it. Bilbo Baggins don't you dare faint
on this poor girl."

I didn't comment, rather staying as still as I could when I felt Bilbo's hands part my hair to
lay over both of my shoulders, then the tentative touch of a cloth soaked in something against
my scalp.

"Ahh!" I couldn't help but wince away from the stinging sensation that prickled my hair on
end.

"Sorry!" Bilbo burst. "Sorry, sorry, err, I'm so sorry miss, I should have warned you. The
cloth is, it has a disinfectant on it. It might, sorry, it obviously does sting a little."

"It's all right Bilbo. I'm okay, I was shocked is all." I moved back to my original position. "It's
all right."

I could almost see his hesitation.

"If you're sure."

I nodded. "I'm sure Bilbo. I know you don't mean to hurt me."



I heard him sigh before he touched the cloth to my hair.

"I'm going to clean the cut now miss, just to prepare you," he warned.

"Thank you Bilbo, it's fine, go ahead."

With another sigh, he began to gently wipe at the gash to my head. I took the time to relax,
the warm atmosphere of the study seeping into my skin and pulling at my drooping eyelids.
Bilbo was gentle as he tended to me, and I wondered if he had any family members who were
younger than him. I could almost imagine him patching up a mischievous niece or nephew
without their parents knowledge before telling them to tell their parents what they had been
up to.

"You have suffered a rather nasty cut I'm afraid, miss. I would not be surprised if this head
wound was the reason for your memory loss."

The thought puzzled me, how could a wound cause memory loss?

"That can happen?" I questioned, feeling wholly unsure of myself as I did so.

"Oh yes," Bilbo explained. "I've seen these sort of injuries before. The young Hobbits tend to
get overzealous and a few have ended up losing a number of days in their memories. Why, I
recall an incident when I was still a child, when a farmer, I can't quite remember his name,
forgot he was married!"

I gasped, not even thinking of such a thing in regard to myself. Was I married? Betrothed?
How could I tell? What if I had a child, or children and I knew nothing of their existence?

Bilbo, unaware of my inner panic, carried on with his tale.

"He believed himself to be a whole five years younger than he was! Though it was amusing
to watch as he regained his memories, whenever he remembered arguing with his wife or
doing something that had upset her, he would apologise and ask her for forgiveness, even
though he had already done so!"

I could hear the merriment in Bilbo's voice, this was obviously a fond memory for him.

"So, did he regain all of his memories?" I asked, afraid of the answer.

Bilbo paused in cleaning my head, the cloth resting against my hair for a moment as he
thought.

"Yes, I do believe he did," Bilbo answered, sounding sure of himself. "There might have been
a few moments he could not recollect, but one can hardly be expected to remember a whole
five years. And if I may say so miss, you shouldn't expect yourself to remember everything.
A lifetime lost could take another lifetime to remember."

I nodded, mute, somehow knowing that Bilbo was right. Anyway, there was only one thing I
wanted to remember more than anything: my name. I longed to know my name, not even all



of it, but just enough to have something of my own, something of me. Half remembered
images of a blurry figure wasn't much in the grand sense of things, but it did give my hope.

The sound of Bilbo clearing his throat broke me from my thoughts.

"Ahh, Miss?" He asked, cautious.

"Yes, Bilbo?"

He cleared his throat again.

"The wound it, it may need stitches, however I do not have adequate supplies to do so here. I
can bind the wound through other means to last until tomorrow, or, if you would prefer, I can
go and fetch Hilda?"

I paused. "Is-Is it that bad?"

Bilbo rushed to reassure the tremor in my voice. "Not at all! Not at all, Miss! It would just
heal much faster and leave minimum scarring if it was stitched."

"Oh." I suppose that made sense, from what I could recollect, sewing a ripped piece of fabric
together again looked neat. But trying to apply that image and replace the ripped fabric with
my torn flesh made me shiver. "No, I wouldn't want to bother her this late, it can wait until
tomorrow."

Again Bilbo hesitated.

"Are you sure, miss?"

I pictured a needle piercing my flesh and fought against a wave of nausea and another
forceful shiver.

"I'm sure, Bilbo. I'm quite sure."

"Very well then," he said, and I heard him place the cloth down. "Now, what I am about to do
is something my mother once had to do to me when I bumped my head."

"Were you very young?" I found myself asking.

"Not very," Bilbo answered. "I'd gotten my foot caught on a tree root and fallen on a rock,
gave myself a rather nasty gash just above my hairline. I was terrified of needles as a child,
and if I am honest, I still try and avoid them as much as I can."

"So what did your mother do?" I was enraptured by the thought of a young Bilbo watching a
sewing kit wearily as his mother washed his cut as gently as he had mine.

"Well, she used my hair," he started.

"Your hair?"



"Yes, I asked the same thing, I thought she was just trying to trick me so she could thread a
needle through my forehead." He chuckled to himself as if reliving the moment with his
mature wisdom of adulthood.

As we spoke I felt Bilbo's hands start to gently brush through my hair, softly tugging strands
loose and untying snarls of hair. It was strangely soothing.

"But she explained that by using a short plaiting method, the hair would secure the wound so
it would remain closed, and I wouldn't even have to see one needle." I could hear the smile in
his voice as he spoke fondly of his mother.

"How strange," I commented, wondering how such a thing could be accomplished.

Bilbo laughed, his fingers now gliding through my smooth hair easily.

"I thought so too, but I must say that it is quite effective. As a matter of fact, Hilda uses the
same technique on the children in the village. It certainly helps to contain any fears about
needles." He paused for a moment, I heard him hum to himself quietly in thought. "In fact, I
do believe that every mother knows this trick, at least among Hobbits that is, and to the best
of my knowledge."

We lulled into a comfortable silence for a moment, each of us immersed in our thoughts. I
wondered about Bilbo's memories, how quickly he had recollected them and the emotions
that came with them. I must have memories like that to recall, happy moments, embarrassing
moments, moments of fear and joy and wonder. Perhaps it was only a matter of time before
they came back to me. Perhaps I would receive each one separately, recollecting segments of
my past piece by piece as Bilbo had told me one Hobbit had? Or, maybe I would not
remember anything. Maybe fragments of my mind would unfurl themselves for me, but
others would remain lost to me forever.

"Maybe my mother knew about it too," I found myself commenting.

Bilbo's breath caught in a half gasp and his hands paused in my hair. I heard him swallow
before he seemed to reanimate, his fingers weaving my hair into separate plaits that bared my
wound to his sight.

"Maybe she did," he answered, then cleared his throat once more. "Do you think your mother
was a Hobbit?"

Biting my lip, I hesitated in answering. Now that Bilbo has posed the idea, I felt an
undeniable knowing, a gut feeling, that he was right. As if the idea of my mother being the
Dwarf was impossible.

"Yes," I whispered. "I-I do believe she was."

Bilbo hummed behind me, and for a moment I thought he might tell me I couldn't really
know for definite until I remembered her. But, he surprised me yet again, as if his utter
expectance of my memory loss and uninvited, unexpected arrival at his door was not enough
proof of what a gentle and undeniably kind soul Bilbo was, he then patted my hands from



where they lay on my lap, leaned around my back to look at me and smiled, saying, "I haven't
a doubt in my mind that you aren't right, miss. Not one."

I couldn't help but mirror his smile, mine taking a grateful edge. How had I managed to find
someone so willing to help me, who was also excepting of my peculiar circumstances? Bilbo
patted my hand again, and then returned back to tending to my wound.

"Thank you." I was sure to say before emotion threatened to fill my throat and block the
words.

Bilbo didn't answer, but I could tell he was still smiling.

"B-Bilbo?" I asked tentatively, unsure if what I was about to ask was considered over
stepping over the bounds of our acquaintance or not.

"Yes?" He replied.

"How, I mean, what erm…could, could you tell me about your mother? I-I mean that she
sounds like a wonderful Hobbit, and I'd love to know more about her." My voice was high
pitched with nerves and my speech stuttered as I tried to form a complete, comprehensive
sentence.

"Of course," he answered, happy to dive into the topic of conversation I had posed, contrary
to my hesitations. "In fact, it may help take your mind off of any pain you're feeling. I find
that nothing distracts one quite as easily as good conversation."

"I must say I do not know, but it seems to be distracting me thus far," I commented lightly.

He chuckled. "And for that I am glad. However, I must warn you miss that I am about to
begin braiding over your wound so you may feel some pain, but I will endeavour to be as
efficient as possible so as to not prolong any sense of discomfort."

"Thank you." I was warmed by his consideration of my wellbeing, he truly was a gentle soul.

"Now, as to the topic of my mother, her name was Belladonna Baggins, nee Took. She was a
wonderful woman and I do miss her, she passed away seven years ago now," he lamented,
sounding forlorn.

I suddenly felt awful, I should have known better than to ask after his mother since I knew he
lived alone.

"I am so sorry, I did not mean to upset you," I tried to apologise hastily.

"No, Miss, not at all! I adore talking about my mother, it keeps her alive in my memories.
And I am sure she would have loved to have met you," he laughed to himself.

"Really?"

"Oh yes! For sure, a strange young Half-Hobbit, Half-Dwarf appearing out of nowhere with
no memory, she would have loved nothing than to help you solve the riddle that you are."



I couldn't help but chuckle at the image of Bilbo's mother my mind presented, being
endearingly polite and hospitable while peppering me with questions and posing several
theories to my memory loss.

"Was she a lot like you?"

Bilbo contemplated my question for a moment, and it was then that I felt the very first tugs
against my scalp. It wasn't awfully painful, but I knew that Bilbo was there, I could even feel
my hair pull over the wound, the full feeling of flesh pressing together making me shiver. He
saw it, and was quick to reassure me.

"Are you cold miss? I can fetch you a blanket if you need?"

I almost shook my head but remembered at the last moment.

"No, no, I'm fine."

"Are you sure? I can light a fire for your room if you think you may become chilly in the
evening." Bilbo was the epitome of a gracious host.

"I'm sure I'll be fine, but I will let you know if I change my mind before we retire."

He made a noise of approval from behind me. I couldn't help but picture the satisfied smile
on his face, it seemed to be easy to make Bilbo happy, one just had to have nice manners.

"Now," he began, and at the same time I felt him begin to section off another part of my hair.
"My mother was from a large family, being the ninth child and youngest daughter to my
grandfather Gerontius Took and Adamanta Took. My mother married my father, Bungo
Baggins and together they financed the construction of their home and, my own."

"They built this house?" I asked, having had been imaging that the maze of a house Bilbo
lived in had been here for many years.

"Yes, yes," he nodded. "Bag End, my home, is currently the Shire's most luxurious and
comfortable Hobbit hole. They lived happily together until I was born fifty years ago, and we
became the closest of families."

"Sounds like you had a wonderful childhood growing up in such a lovely home," I
commented, day dreaming of a young Bilbo running through the very passage the elder
version had lead me through.

"Yes, it was," Bilbo sighed happily. "And my mother was the one who made my young
Hobbit-hood so very memorable, for she was as cunning and witty as any Baggins, and as
adventurous and brave as any Took. It was often remarked among other families within the
Shire that long ago one of the Took ancestors must have taken a fairy wife, as it was thought
there was something unHobbit like about the family as they were always getting up to
mischief or having adventures."

"And is there?" I asked, utterly enthralled by the image he had painted for me.



"Is there what, miss?" He questioned back.

"Do you have a fairy ancestor, Bilbo?"

He laughed, though not the shameful laugh that could be aimed at someone who said
something foolish, nor was it a laugh of disbelief that someone had the gall to ask such an
appalling thing, but, to me, it seemed to be a laugh of someone who had been suddenly struck
by a thought they had never had before.

"Good grief," Bilbo began, chuckling. "In all honesty I'd never given it any real thought until
now."

"And now that you have?" I asked.

"Now, I cannot help but think that it is entirely possible, what with the Took's background
and…preoccupation with adventure," he stated with utter surety.

He chuckled to himself for a good while, still weaving his fingers lightly through my hair.

"There!" He suddenly proclaimed. "Those should hold until we can get you to Hilda
tomorrow."

"You've finished?" I asked, bewildered that it had taken him so little time and without much
discomfort on my part at all to do.

"Yes," he answered, sounding pleased with himself. "And I must say that they could rival
Hilda's own!"

I couldn't help but giggle at Bilbo's contentment at his medical skills.

"I'm sure they could," I complimented, and heard Bilbos happy sigh at my praise. "Thank
you."

"You're welcome my dear," he sighed again and I heard him stand from his seat. "Now,
before we retire for bed, are you injured anywhere else?"

I stayed seated, taking stock of my now thawed body, and biting my lip when I realised the
ache in my back was now throbbing painfully. There were other aches all over my body, my
left ankle itched, my knees were sore and I was sure my right hip was bruised too.

"Yes, I think I am," I answered, hesitant, realising that any injury to my back would need to
be looked at without the obstacle of my dress.

Bilbo came around to face me with a concerned softness to his features.

"Where?" He asked. "Are you in a lot of pain?"

I shook my head, I really wasn't. I was sure that tomorrow I would be, however, whether it
was the cold or shock, I wasn't yet feeling the full brunt of the pain from my injuries.



"No, not a lot of pain, I think it's the shock more than anything physical that pains me the
most at the moment," I admitted, feeling a little hesitant to reveal what I felt for fear that
Bilbo would panic.

I was sure he was a hardy Hobbit, but the knowledge that I may have to be treated for injuries
underneath my garments may be a bit much for him to take.

"Are you sure?" he persisted.

"Yes," I answered, nodding decisively. "I'll be all right until morning."

He copied me, almost as if out of habit to agree with someone if they insisted rather than
because he believed I was telling the truth.

"Yes, yes, morning, we'll see Hilda right away," he said, then paused and frowned. "Before
breakfast! Although…that may be a little early…perhaps before second breakfast."

Second breakfast?

Was that normal? Maybe it was, I had a whole culture to remember, a way of life, a routine to
follow.

"That sounds like a sensible idea," I haphazardly input an opinion, well aware that I could at
any moment trip on a misunderstanding.

Bilbo saw right through my attempt at playing pretend.

"I have a lot to tell you miss," he said, a happy smile on his face. "Tomorrow you will have a
whole culture to explore."

There was no judgement in his eyes, no hesitation in offering his help, and no exasperation at
having to give it. He seemed genuinely pleased to be the one, the only one, to help me relearn
everything. This perfect stranger who had shared his home, his food, his help, and all without
once asking for anything in return.

How lucky had I been to happen across Bilbo's home and not someone else's? For I could not
imagine that such warmth, understanding and kindness spread to all Hobbits. Or, perhaps it
was just good manners that I had simply forgotten were instilled in every being, but there was
something about Bilbo that made me pause in that assumption. Something that I would have
wagered stemmed from his mother.

Out of the blue, Bilbo hummed as he was watching me but I could tell that his musings lay
somewhere else entirely, somewhere deep in his own mind.

"Bilbo?" I called softly, after waiting a moment to see if he would speak.

"Hmm?" He jolted from his thoughts, humming again in a questioning tone as he blinked
back to the present.

"Are you all right?"



"Me?" He blinked again, as if processing my concern for him. "Oh, yes, yes, I'm quite all
right, thinking is all."

I bit my lip to keep from smiling at his pondering expression, a small crease appeared
between his eyebrows, his bottom lip protruded slightly and I could see the index fingers of
both hands began tapping a silent beat against the outsides of his robe pockets.

After a minute of silence I prompted him to speak his thoughts aloud.

"Your situation upon waking makes me wonder how the Bounders didn't see you," Bilbo
commented, eyes adrift in the waters of his mind.

"The what?" I asked, trying to follow the trail of his invisible thoughts.

"They are border-watchers of the Shire, a volunteer force employed to 'beat the bounds' and
prevent incursions by undesirables," he explained, then sighed heavily, clearly exasperated. "I
don't know how no one saw you or how you came to be in that field as they are posted all
around the Shire! Someone must have to have seen something!"

He looked angry at this point, now muttering furiously under his breath about the uselessness
of the Bounders, and one in particular, a Mr Adalgrim Took, about whom Bilbo had nothing
pleasant to say.

"Bilbo?" I called again. "Perhaps we could ask the others tomorrow?"

I was beginning to feel my eyelids drooping, my body sore and my soul aching. I needed rest.

"Hmm? Oh, yes, yes, of course," he muttered, slowly emerging from his thoughts with the
clearing of his throat and a decisive nod. "Tomorrow, yes, tomorrow I'll have a word, several
actually, with that Took, mark my words. No good pilferer…sticky fingered thief…why
anyone would want that smarmy, no good Hobbit protecting them I'll never know."

I bit my lip, feeling an amused smile begin to flourish at his grumpy mutterings. From what I
could gather, Mr Adalgrim Took had grown up alongside Bilbo, and that there was most
definitely no love lost between them. If I understood correctly, Adalgrim was a known thief
in Hobbition, but got away with most, if not all of his crimes, because of how well known,
liked and envied the Took family was; a family Bilbo was, in his mind, unfortunately
included in. It would seem my stay in Hobbiton would not be a boring one, of that I was
certain. And when I caught the glint of mischief and the bright spark of cunning in Bilbo's
eyes, I knew that he would be the one to make my stay here all the more entertaining and
instructive.

For, who could be the better teacher of social constructs and mannerisms dedicated to
Hobbits, than a Hobbit?

"Good night Bilbo," I said softly. "And thank you, for everything."

He smiled at me, warm and charming, finally putting a stop to his mutterings.



"You're welcome miss, I'll see you in the morning, good night," he wished, taking his leave
with a smile and retreating back down the corridor and towards his bedroom.

Still smiling at his antics, I opened the bedroom door.

The room was utterly charming.

Small and quaint, with cheerful yellow walls and a small, round window on the far wall, with
a bare wooden chest, made up of four little drawers and two doors. The bed was to my right,
just big enough for me. There was a small bookcase, and by small I meant that it couldn't
house as many books as the others Bilbo had in his house, but was still as high as the ceiling.
It seemed that Bilbo had a fondness for cosiness, a feeling I felt myself mirroring, my very
being warming in a way that felt familiar, as if the sight in front of me was one I had seen
before.

Something that both warmed and worried me.

I know there are parts I'm missing, vast fragments of memory that make me, me. It's like my
mind is a room full of objects covered in white sheets, I can see that the memories are there,
but I can't remove the sheets to see them. It's so frustrating, knowing that there are things to
remember, but not having the power to do anything about it.

But, perhaps that was a topic of thought best left till the morning.

So, I curled up under the covers, laying back against the small mound of pillows that I
suspected were stuffed with downy feathers and relishing in their plumpness. Still in my
dress, I only felt slightly guilty for inevitably getting the neat bed dirty as my eyelids grew
heavy and I resigned myself to putting my worries on hold in favour of rest.

***

There were whispers, murmurs in the dark that were as soft as the sheets I lay on. Finer than
any silk, caressing my skin like feathery kisses, tingling and warm, I didn't want to move. A
pleasant feeling like liquid warmth was settling in my belly and making my head muggy, as if
I were sat in afternoon sun filling me with lazy ambition. But I was indoors. There was no
sun, only the soft glow of candle light and the shadows of figures stood at the foot of the
luxurious bed I lay upon filling the room. I could see no faces, no distinguishing features of
any kind on them, and only hear their rough, harsh voices, the sounds of which made little
sense to my clouded mind. The language was abrasive, unlike Westron, which I knew I could
speak, but oddly familiar, as if I had been taught it as a child and had simply forgotten over
time. The room itself held some familiarity to me, but as I reached for the answer, it slipped
away, replaced with the dark abyss of sleep.

***

 



Chapter 2: Only Questions
Chapter Summary

It's a whole new world out there.

TW: Some light medical talk, use of needles, examining wounds etc. Bit more graphic
than the previous chapter, but we haven't got vivid descriptions of compound fractures
or anything like that.

Chapter Notes

Disclaimer: I own nothing but my original storyline and original character. The Hobbit,
LOTR, and other subsequent works belong to the Tolkien estate. All creative output by
Peter Jackson, his interpretation, and movies belong to him and the relevant parties,
including the actors interpretations and their acting choices.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

It is a strange feeling, to wake without any memories to visit of the days before. 

Because waking in that field didn’t count. 

Waking in a bed was a completely different experience to waking in the dead of night,
battered, dressed in tattered, dirty clothing, and all alone in a field. For one, I was warm, for
another, I wasn’t confused as to how I came to be here. 

Perhaps this is how it would always be from now on, waking in warmth and comfort? I
would not be against that, not at all. I still had to think about Bilbo’s generous offer, and the
sobering fact that at any moment my luck could run out. Bilbo could marry, have children, or
need me to leave because of some other means. I was not so naive to think that circumstances
could not change. 

That, at least, was not effected by my memory loss. 

I knew the names of objects, and some history of the world; though the gaps in this could be
accounted for due to a lack of good teaching rather than memory loss. There was enough to
know what races currently inhabited Middle Earth. Yet, I could not apply any of this
knowledge to myself or my life. Not for lack of trying, of course. It was as though I was
removed from the world, my existence an anomaly in the great movement of life. There was



nothing tying me to my own life or another’s, and no circumstances to give evidence of my
existence save for my beating heart and Bilbo’s witnessing of me. 

I heaved myself out of the warm bed and from my morbid thoughts. I regretted leaving the
soft blankets when my feet touched the cold stone floor. Shivering, I moved onto one of the
rugs laying around the room, finding the soft texture much more agreeable. I took a moment
to relax, the slight chill in the air waking me up from the dredge of sluggish sleepiness
lingering on my mind. 

I didn’t need to get dressed, as I was already clothed in my tattered dress from last night. The
garment still did not spark any memory. There was nothing to put on my aching feet to shield
them from the cold, nor to hide the bruised state they were in. Violent purple flesh decorated
along my toes and the bones atop my foot, tender to the touch. Thinking back to last night
and the sight of Bilbo’s large, hairy feet provided my answer to the obvious question. Bilbo
didn’t need shoes, Hobbits don’t need shoes. But it seems Dwarves, or at least Half-Bloods,
most certainly do. 

I went to make my way out of the bedroom, before turning around and remaking the bed,
fluffing the pillow and straightening the blankets without paying much attention to my
motions. Thinking of leaving the room without doing so felt wrong. Perhaps it was something
I was just used to doing, and my body complied? 

Whatever the reason, it was a little troubling, so I left the room and went in search of Bilbo
and safer thoughts. 

 After finding myself wandering into what I had thought was the kitchen, but was the pantry,
I found Bilbo coming out of what I hoped was the parlour and into the hallway.

“Good morning, miss!” Bilbo called, grinning. “How are you?”

“Very well, thank you. How are you this morning?” 

“Good, refreshed,” he replied. “We best be off soon to Hilda’s, but first, a good breakfast.
Most important meal of the day, breakfast. Sets you up for the rest of the morning, until
second breakfast, that is.”

“Second breakfast?” I echoed, hoping he would explain, as I was not too sure that this was
something I had known about, or even participated in, previously. Was it a special Hobbit
meal? A different type of meal? Perhaps first breakfast was just a drink? 

“Oh yes,” Bilbo sounded approving, of what, I had no idea. Maybe the thought of more food?
“Second most important meal of the seven a day!” 

“Seven?” I asked, now second guessing my previous knowledge of mealtimes. Just how
many were there? 

Bilbo, unaware of my inner turmoil over something as simple as breakfast, carried on, now
leading the way into the kitchen where he moved a dark kettle over the fire and then set out



some plates and cutlery either side of the table clearly as place settings for us both in the
places not occupied by food. 

“You have breakfast,” he explained. “Then second breakfast, elevenses, lunch, afternoon tea,
dinner, and finally, supper.” 

I had stopped in the doorway to the kitchen as he bustled about, feeling, for the first time, that
I was a stranger in Bilbo’s home. Truly an outsider, not only to him and his way of life, but
apparently, mine as well. And that was a daunting thing to comprehend, much less think
about in any genuine length. 

“That is a lot of food,” was all I could think to comment, while swallowing back the swell of
uncertainty and nervousness flooding my throat. 

“It certainly is!” Bilbo agreed, cheerfully ignorant to my inner plight. “Hobbits do like to
eat!” 

“I can tell,” I muttered under my breath, eyeing the plates of food on the bare wooden table
with trepidation. Was this all just for one meal? 

Laid on the table in attractive, earthenware plates and dishes were boiled eggs, and bright red
tomatoes the size of my fist. A large joint of home-cured ham, from which several slices had
already been carved ready to serve, and cold, cooked sausages. Fresh baked bread, still warm,
rested waiting to be cut and a dish of soft, golden butter sat to the side of it, along with tiny
bowls of bright red jam and amber coloured honey. I spied a platter of cooked eggs on the
fireside, kept warm by a metal shelf that stuck out over the flames. There was a pot of creamy
milk, still frothy, and a large brown teapot steaming beside one place setting. 

“Well?” Bilbo questioned my hesitation, smiling as if amused. “Tuck in!” 

Laughing at his enthusiasm, I did just that, shaking off my nervousness to enjoy what was the
first meal I could remember sitting down to eat. Two slices of shortbread and a cup of mint
tea did not in my limited experience count as a proper meal, not when faced with the
cornucopia of food before me. 

I had not thought food could taste so wondrous, and was woefully unprepared for the
explosions of flavour upon my tongue. The bread was warm and coaxed the golden butter to
begin to melt. Oil from the butter dripping down my fingers when I was too slow to eat it.
The ham was sweet with its honey glaze, salty in a way not even the sausages could emulate,
and came apart easily in my hands when cutlery took too long. The tea wasn’t mint to my
pleasant surprise, but something malty and a decadent warm brown. Bilbo poured a little milk
in for me, and after an initial sip I found it too strong, he then sweetened it with a small
spoonful of honey. The sausages, packed fit to bursting with bites of apple and something
herby I didn’t know, pared well with the scrambled eggs Bilbo had scattered chopped chives
onto. 

I had popped my last morsel of buttered bread into my mouth, and was just about to reach for
a scoop of eggs when I heard Bilbo’s bone weary sigh. 



“It’s heartbreaking watching you eat.”

I looked up to find him observing me with a shine of tears in his eyes. I inquired after his
thoughts with a tilt of my head, mouth still full of bread. 

“You look at every mouthful as though it were the finest of foods,” he explained with
difficulty, as though the words pained him. “And the wonder on your face when you taste
something new is like that of a child experiencing new flavours.”

I swallowed the mouthful of bread and butter, licking away the oil on my lips, biding my time
to reply to this new train of thought. 

“Why is that heartbreaking?” I finally asked. 

Bilbo’s smile was brittle and weak. “Because you should remember what food tastes like my
dear, and the fact that you don’t is enough to drive me to tears.” 

That made me squirm in my seat. No one should cry because of me, no matter why. The
notion that Bilbo was upset made my insides wriggle about uncomfortably and my face heat
with a flush I didn’t understand. 

“Please don’t cry,” I pleaded and reached out to hold his hand. 

Bilbo chuckled and held my hand in his, his fingers encircling my wrist. When he looked
down, sniffing to compose himself, he frowned and twisted his hand so we could both see his
middle finger and thumb encompassing my wrist and overlapping to his first knuckle. 

“You’ve not eaten well, or perhaps at all, in days,” he whispered, so soft he was most likely
speaking to himself, so I didn’t reply. His next sentence came in a rush of tormented air, the
words escaping before he could trap them behind his teeth. “What happened to you?” 

Again he sighed, and he sounded achingly sad. His hand encircling my wrist moved to
capture my hand, squeezing it gently before reaching and placing a spoonful of eggs in my
plate, along with two more sausages, a whole tomato, and a fresh cut of bread. 

“Please, eat as much as you want, as much as you can,” he insisted, hesitating for a moment
before adding another slice of ham. “You will never have to go without food again, I’ll make
sure of it.” 

Now, I found myself tearful. How lucky it was that I’d found someone so compassionate and
caring? I doubted I could have knocked on the door of a more warm-hearted individual at that
moment.

“I’ll eat you out of house and home!” I chuckled, hands shaking when I brushed a few
escapee tears from my cheeks. 

Bilbo smiled, at last tucking into his own breakfast. “That would make me profusely happy.” 

 



***

 

After polishing off as much of the breakfast as we could, Bilbo placed a couple more small
logs onto the fire, telling me that the fire would keep until we came back in time to cook our
next meal. He led the way to the entrance, where he pulled on a deep red jacket with gold
buttons that shone in the soft early morning light. Before I could ask if I could borrow a coat,
he reached behind the coat stand, his arm disappearing past his elbow for a moment, before
he withdrew it and brought with him a swathe of blue fabric. 

“Here miss,” he said, handing me the garment. “Though it is late summer, the morning is still
quite chilly, and will get colder as the days go on. This will keep you warm until we get to
Hilda’s. There’s a chill in the air this morning.” 

It was a cloak, dark blue in colour, nearly black, but around the hem of the hood and down
the sides there was some beautifully delicate embroidery in white thread. Pulling the garment
closer for my inspection, I found the embroidery to be of tiny flowers interwoven with a
winding ivy plant. 

“Will Hilda not mind our coming so early in the morning?” I asked while wrapping the thick
cloak around my shoulders, letting my fingertips trail over it as I held it closed in front of me
for there was no clasp to fasten it. 

Bilbo shook off my concern with a flutter of his brown freckled hands, already turning his
back and digging through the cabinet beside the coat stand in that preoccupied, pottering way
of his. 

“No, no, no, of course not. Where in Middle Earth? She would hold me down and do,” he
shivered from head to toe as if freezing. “Well, all manner of unpleasant things to me if she
knew I had kept you from medical attention for this long. Confound it all!” 

He dug deeper into the drawers which were very clearly perplexing him. 

“But,” I licked my lips, feeling inordinately uneasy about leaving Bilbo’s home. The prospect
of stepping out into a world I did not know and had only glimpsed in the bleak darkness of
night was clenching my heart in a tight grip of fear. Yet…there was something in the manner
of Bilbo’s oddity I found amusing, having a conversation with both me and himself
successfully stirred a humour in me I had not expected to feel, but it was certainly not
unwelcome. “Didn’t you say that it would have been too late to see her last night?” 

Bilbo nodded, turning his head to look at me before quickly returning his gaze to his search. 

“I did, however, blast! I’m sure it was…I also know that Dinodas would not have appreciated
an interruption so late, ow! What is a pin doing in here? Which would have made Hilda
annoyed at Dinodas,” Bilbo explained with wide eyes. He then withdrawing his right hand in
favour of sacrificing his left to the dangerous drawers. “And caused yet another round of
disagreements between them. Even as a member of the family I would not dare be anywhere
in the vicinity when they begin rowing.” 



I nodded, though I didn’t fully understand. 

“Ahah!” He exclaimed, pulling a silver broach from the drawer with a triumphant grin. 

“Here,” he came towards me and pulled the cloak closed. “Would you hold this still for me?
Thank you.” 

I watched as he fastened the knot work broach to the cloak and fastened it in front of me.

“Beautiful,” I couldn’t help but whisper.

“Yes, it is, isn’t it? The broach also works as a hair ornament. Mother used to use it to keep
her’s out of her face whilst baking,” Bilbo said, gazing off into the air fondly.

“It was your mothers?” I was fearful of losing it. 

“No, I will not hear a word about it, miss.” He spoke sternly before I could protest. “You are
in need of a cloak, and I just happen to have one. It also happens to be my late mother’s but I
could not think of a person who would appreciate its beauty more than its current wearer.” 

He smiled at me, the lines around his eyes and the corner of his mouth creasing into familiar
places, softening his face further whilst further endearing him to me as I fought with my
emotions over an act as kind and thoughtful as this. 

I at last whispered, “Thank you Bilbo.” 

I hoped my face portrayed my sudden affection for the Hobbit as words were escaping me. 

“Think nothing of it my dear,” he said offhandedly, as if the action and compliment were but
a flyaway thought. 

“Umm, so who is Dinodas?” I asked, watching him with curiosity as he pulled a small comb
from another drawer in the cabinet and began brushing the curly hair on the top of his feet. 

Now it was daylight I could see his feet in more detail, as well as the differences between us,
clearer. Where he had large, thickly haired feet, I had smaller, softer feet with some small
smatterings of hair on my toes. Where he had stocky, hairy legs, my own were slim about the
ankle and knee and smattered with shiny, white thin scars beneath dark blonde hair. His body
shape was soft but sturdy, no rotund belly that I remembered could mean a fondness for
alcoholic beverages. My own body, after making curious inspections of myself last night
while trying to sleep, was nothing much different from what I knew a feminine form to look
like. A thinner waist than a male and a bust, but all still soft and warm. Besides my feet, I
came to the assumption that I looked like any Hobbit lass should. 

“Ah, yes, Dinodas is Hilda’s husband,” Bilbo provided before nodding downwards in
satisfaction at the state of his feet hair and replacing the brush. 

“Does he not like interruptions at home?” I asked, feeling the corners of my lips begin to
quirk upwards at my strange, silly companion. 



“No, he just likes his sleep…err…,” Bilbo paused and then laughed. “So yes, I do believe he
doesn’t like interruptions at home!” 

I chuckled along with him, feeling excited at meeting more Hobbits, even as the fear of the
unknown was rapidly making it hard to breathe properly. Bilbo seemed to sense this and
stopped by the door, one hand on the door handle, a basket in his other that he’d acquired
while I was otherwise engaged with my thoughts. 

“Are you ready?” He asked. “It’s all right if you aren’t, I can fetch Hilda here if need be.” 

I swallowed and began fidgeting with the cloak as it hung in front of me, worrying the
material between my fingertips. 

“I hardly know,” I admitted, eyeing the door in trepidation. “I do not know what to expect, so
I do not know how to prepare myself for what is to come, although…you are quite sure that
everyone is agreeable and friendly?” 

Bilbo smiled wanly. “The only family in the entirety of the Shire who would not be pleasant
are the Sackville-Baggins’. A family, that yes, I have the misfortune of being related to, but
never fear, they will steer clear once they see me.” 

I moved to his side whilst inquiring, “Why is that?” 

He chuckled, looking entirely unfazed at this matter, as if it were so natural now he took it as
the way of things. “They are unforgivingly hostile towards me and envious of the wealth I
inherited, that they feel I do not deserve.”

“How rude!” 

“Precisely!” He agreed with me. “You will be fine miss, I have no intention of abandoning
you in the middle of Hobbiton. We will see Hilda and then I think we might have a short
walk around the village, and inquire as to if anyone saw you or heard anything last night, if
that is fine with you? I may even be inclined to have a quiet word with a certain Bounder
who was on duty.”

I nodded in agreement with his plans, suppressing a smile at the mental image of Bilbo
confronting Mr Adalgrim Took to have, what I imagined would be, a rather stern word. In
truth, I could not picture Bilbo shouting or even raising his voice above the necessity of
needing to be heard, so to picture him giving another Hobbit a telling off, I imagined it to
consist mainly of finger wagging and stern words, a notion that carried with it a wave of
familiarity I could not yet place. 

Shaking myself, I realised that Bilbo was still waiting for me to answer him. “That sounds
like a fair plan.” 

“Well, then miss, may I at last introduce you to Hobbiton.”

He then opened the door with a flourish and into the hallway poured a beautiful golden light.
For a moment I was blinded by the brightness of the sun, but then I could see the front garden



I’d walked through last night, the smooth flagstone steps, and the wooden fence I’d walked
past and beyond that the rolling mounds and colourful doors of Hobbiton. 

I was met with a burst of colour. It was so full of life that I felt overwhelmed, having to take a
small step back to ground myself that the image in front of me was reality. The dark and
almost ominous surroundings I had walked through last night, seeking refuge and help, were
actually the homes and gardens of who I now imagined to be the most cheerful of species.
Hobbits, it seemed, had a great love of nature, and even more so of laughter because all I
could see was grass, flowers and plants of so many varieties it made my eyes water, and all I
could hear was merriment and cheer in the form of laughter, song and one proud exclamation
over the size of a pumpkin. 

“Oh Bilbo, it’s, it’s…wonderful!” I exclaimed, eyes darting about as I tried to see everything
at once, my apprehension gone as I moved forwards to the light. 

There was just so much to see. So much that wasn’t the blackness I’d woken up to or the
coziness of Bilbo’s home, so much that was new and bold and bright. 

“It is, isn’t it?” He asked rhetorically, standing beside me in the doorway and looking out to
the village too, a small smile on his face. In that moment, he looked…proud, beaming down
at the village that I assumed he’d spent his entire life in.

He turned to me, still smiling. 

“Shall we?” He asked, holding an arm out to me once we’d stepped out the door and he’d
locked it behind us. 

I took his arm whilst returning his smile, seeming to know without hesitation how to tuck my
hand into the crook his elbow presented and walk beside him in a leisurely manner. I
swallowed the lump in my throat that had begun to form the moment he handed me this
cloak.  

Habits were coming to me as I was acting upon them. Perhaps my memory was not entirely
gone? Little cracks in the blank wall I’d faced when waking in that field had begun to allow
moments to bleed through to my conscious mind. I just hoped that more would continue to
come, and not just what a cup of tea was, but moments that might allow me to piece together
who I was or at least where I came from. But how long would that take? And would all of it
ever return? 

Whilst these thoughts swirled about in my head, we walked down the lane to the right of
Bilbo’s home, then taking several turns and passing an apple orchard, we eventually came to
a door tucked away in a little nook where one hill met another. Bilbo had explained that these
homes were in fact called smials and were a creation entirely unique to Hobbits. 

Other than this, Bilbo had been relatively quiet along the way, only greeting the odd Hobbit
lad or lass, but he didn’t introduce me, leaving the other Hobbits confused and obviously
curious. Despite the glances thrown in my direction, I felt far from ignored, having
understood that Bilbo was merely avoiding the topic of my name for as long as possible; after
all, how could he introduce someone who had no name? 



Then, after greeting a rather enthusiastic Hobbit by the name of Asphodel Brandybuck (who
seemed utterly fascinated by my presence and asked Bilbo if Bag End was receiving any
more visitors, to which he replied that there was only, at present, one visitor and there would
only be one visitor for the foreseeable future), Bilbo informed me that we would probably be
followed by the occasional inquisitive Hobbit during our outing, and to not be alarmed, as
some were just intrigued, such as Asphodel. When I inquired as to why he was hesitant to
linger with any Hobbit we encountered, he answered that it might be best for me to become
more comfortable around Hobbits in general before actually undertaking such a feat…
whatever that meant. 

Nothing like Bilbo’s large and lavishly gardened residence, Hilda’s smial, with it’s cheery
yellow door and the presence of an old, wind blown apple tree resting atop the mound of
earth above the entrance way cast a shadow over the doorway and small front garden, was
minute and marvellous.

“This is Woody End,” Bilbo explained, gesturing to the other smials around us while opening
a small yellow painted gate. “Later, I’ll take you for a short walk around the rest of Hobbiton,
if Hilda says that’s all right, so you can see it all. It’s not a long walk and such a sunny day, it
would be a shame not to enjoy it, what do you say?” 

I nodded. “I’d like that.” 

Despite my earlier hesitations, I was enjoying being outside and interacting with other forms
of life. Last night felt like a distant, dark nightmare I’d finally woken from. The pain from
my head was a faint ebb now, and my back still ached whenever I moved, but the distractions
all around me were proving to be a far better medicine than distraction by food, as at
breakfast I’d been unable to hide my discomfort sitting at the table. Further distraction in a
walk might help to prolong this feeling of slight euphoria. 

Bilbo returned my smile quickly before ringing the little iron bell hanging by the side of the
door. 

From inside the home, I heard a voice call, “Coming!” 

A few moments later the door opened and revealed a beautiful Hobbit, whose brown curly
hair was piled on her head, had wide, bright eyes shining with good humour when she saw
Bilbo, and her hands instantly went to her hips and she struck a pose that looked stern, but the
dancing light in her eyes remained. 

“Bilbo Baggins!” She crowed. “Why I never! I would have thought you’d forgotten our
existence it’s been so long since a house call!” 

Bilbo bowed his head, cheeks reddening, and looking thoroughly chastised. “Yes, I know
Hilda and I do apologise. I will endeavour to visit more often in future.” 

She fixed him with a glare I wasn’t sure was real before laughing and reaching forward to
bring him into a tight hug which he returned, also laughing. 



It struck me then that laughter might be a part of Hobbit language, as it seemed to feature
most frequently in their conversations. 

Hilda was a lively Hobbit lass, full of energy and immediately struck me as a motherly figure
when she stepped back from Bilbo and proceeded to fuss over his shirt which apparently
needed a damn good ironing. It was quite amusing to see him nod and agree with her until
she asked him why he hadn’t bothered to dress properly before leaving his home, to which he
had more than a few words of disagreement to share with her. While they tittered away, I
spied a small Hobbit lass with chestnut curls peering out from behind her mother’s blue
skirts. 

“And who is this?” Hilda asked when she caught sight of me, quirking an eyebrow high on
her forehead. “You haven’t secretly been courting, have you Bilbo?”

Bilbo proceeded to turn a bright pink. He spluttered and started and couldn’t form a whole
word for a moment, much to everyone’s amusement. While he fought for a single syllable, I
recalled the notion of courting, that of seeking and wooing one with the intention of them
becoming your husband or wife and watching others partake in the ritual of it all, but never
engaging in it myself. 

“No,” Bilbo eventually answered, voice low and the colour still remaining on the apples of
his cheeks. “No, I haven’t. I would tell you more now but the topic is rather sensitive and
there are ears lurking.”

He wasn’t wrong. 

To the right a little ways off, sat a wide green door and in front of it were two older Hobbit
ladies, each with their heads turned towards us as a somewhat younger male, closer to Bilbo’s
age, stared unashamedly at us all, a pinch of a frown between his dark brows. 

“Yes, yes,” Hilda agreed quickly. “Best come on in then.” 

She then turned to her neighbours and gave them a look I could only conclude came with
motherhood, for it was a perfect mixture of sternness and scolding that drove them to go
about their business and leave us to ours like admonished children. 

She nodded to herself in what looked like satisfaction before ushering us all into her home,
closing the door behind us while muttering under her breath about nosey neighbours. 

“Daisy!” Bilbo cheered when he finally caught sight of the little lass standing with her hands
behind her back in the cheerfully lit hallway, his own hands resting on his knees as he bent
slightly to meet her eye line. “My, how you’ve grown!”

Daisy glowed under his praise. She looked very much like her mother, with brown ringlets
and bright green eyes, but with freckles dotting the brow of her nose that were her’s alone. 

“You would not be so surprised cousin if you thought to visit more often,” Hilda chided
good-naturedly while smiling at them both. 



“You are cousins?” I asked. 

“Very much second cousins twice removed, in that instance,” Hilda answered me with a kind
smile. “But, yes, cousins after a fashion nonetheless.” 

Bilbo nodded as he rose to stand. “Yes, Hilda’s from my father’s side of the family.” 

Hilda laughed and ushered us to follow her down the hallway into a small kitchen. 

“The ones with our heads firmly on our shoulders!”

“I won’t disagree with you there,” Bilbo muttered under his breath as he took a seat at the
kitchen table, Daisy following suit and sitting beside him. 

I hesitated for a moment, wondering if it was bad manners to take a seat without first being
invited to do so, particularly as I was the only one present who was not family, and therefore
a stranger in this situation.

“What do you mean?” 

“Do you remember when I told you about the Took’s?” 

“Oh? Oh, yes,” I answered, nodding as their words made sense. “The fairy wife.”

Hilda began to laugh. “Yes, yes, I’d almost forgotten about her. Explains the entire lot, if you
ask me. Oh, do take a seat, dear. Would you like any tea?”

“Thank you,” I said as I gingerly sat on Daisy’s left side, feeling my back begin to twinge and
pinch from the upright position. “But, I’m quite all right.” 

“We’ve only just had breakfast Hilda,” Bilbo explained. “I thought it best to eat before we
came.” 

Hilda nodded as she set about making tea for herself and Daisy; I had the feeling that they
had only just eaten themselves. At least I hoped they had, and that we hadn’t disturbed their
meal. 

“Where is Dinodas, Hilda?” Bilbo asked, peering into the passageway leading further into the
home. “Not sleeping in again?”

“Oh no, he’s at the market, gone for some cheese and bread. He decided to have a midnight
snack last night and eat what was to be our lunch!” She huffed with a scowl, shaking her
head. 

Daisy giggled beside me. “Papa is always hungry,” she informed me. 

I couldn’t help but smile with her. “Really?”

She nodded enthusiastically before leaning towards me conspiringly. “It gets him into trouble
all the time,” she whispered, louder than she intended.  



“Yes, it does,” Hilda agreed as she turned to the table, setting a small yellow mug in front of
Daisy and keeping a larger, light blue one for herself. “And we know better than to do the
same, don’t we Daisy?”

The girl nodded, eyes wide and wise. 

“Now, what is it you need to speak to me about?” Hilda asked once settled, her eyes lingering
on me for a moment. “You haven’t come just for a social call, have you?” 

“Well, it’s a little queer and altogether hard to believe, but bare with me,” Bilbo began before
clearing his throat and worrying his hands together. “This young lady visited me last night,
quite to our shared surprise. She has no memory before waking in a field outside of Hobbiton
in the dead of night. Once she righted herself, she made her way to my door as my light was
the nearest to her.” 

Hilda didn’t answer him, stopping still as thoughts rapidly flying over her face and through
her expressive eyes, but I could not identify one. Then she turned to me, focused and
professional. 

“Do you remember anything at all?” She asked. 

She didn’t question Bilbo’s claim, neither did she argue, frown or flinch. 

“No, I-I mean, I’ve been having little flashes of memory or, or of smells, but I…I don’t even
know my own name,” I admitted, curling my shoulders inwards as now, the weight of my
predicament felt heavier and darker than it had in the solitude of night. 

“You don’t know your name?” Came an inquisitive question from beside me. 

Little Daisy had propped her chin on top of her hands where they rested on the table, her big
green eyes watching me with open curiosity. 

I bit my lip, feeling very silly to have such a conversation with someone so young. I
wondered if she understood the implications of me not knowing my name. 

“No, no I don’t.”

Daisy looked contemplative for a little while, humming to herself in a way that reminded me
of Bilbo, before, all of a sudden, “You should be called…Flower!” she announced happily
with a wide smile. 

“Why is that?” I asked, casting her mother a quick glance and finding Hilda watching us with
a small smile of her own. 

Daisy was undeterred by my hesitation. “Because flowers are pretty and you are pretty so you
should be named after a flower, but I can’t decide which one so it will have to be all of
them!” 

I couldn’t help but smile at her childish reasoning. 



“I like it. Flower,” I rolled the word around my mouth, feeling it. It did feel pretty. “Thank
you, Daisy.” 

She grinned and giggled. “You’re welcome, Miss Flower.”

“Oh, Daisy,” I said, finding it impossible not to laugh along with her. “I think you can just
call me Flower, there’s no need for formalities, after all you did just name me.”

Again she nodded, but now with the faux seriousness of adulthood on her youthful face. 

“If you think so,” she said, sitting up straight and facing me. 

“I do.”

“Okay then.”

Our discussion was peppered with chuckles and now I could see that Bilbo looked positively
chuffed at the advancements I’d made. Hilda was watching her daughter fondly and sipping
her tea between chuckling with her cousin. 

“Now that that’s settled,” Bilbo said, still smiling, though now with an edge of dithering. I
glanced down and saw that once again his hands had taken to worrying themselves, his
thumbs rubbing in the joint of his knuckles. “The real reason we’re here is that when she
came to my door last night, she was injured.” 

“What?” Hilda burst, mug thumping onto the table as she rushed to stand and move towards
me, skirts swaying and brow furrowing. “Why didn’t you tell me that first? Pleasantries could
have waited!” 

She took hold of my cheeks, her hands surprisingly cool, and turned my face right and left
slowly and softly. 

“How are you injured?” She asked, eyes scanning my face for something, what, I had no
clue. 

“Well, there is a cut on the back of my head—” I began only for Hilda to huff and turn to pin
Bilbo with a withering glare. 

“A head injury!” She lamented, furious. “Bilbo Baggins, I could ring your neck! You know
better than to let a head injury wait!” 

Bilbo shrunk beneath her scolding, his neck sinking between his shoulders. 

“It was very late Hilda,” he protested weakly, trying to reason with the irate mother, much to
my surprise. “Almost morning in fact, she had stopped bleeding, and I dealt with the wound
as best I could—” 

“I don’t care!” Hilda retorted, pointing a threatening finger at him again. “Head traumas can
have other symptoms and effects! It’s not all physical you know!” 



“Yes, I know. But I waited a good hour with her, watched her eat, and drink, and I dealt with
the cut before bed—” at this point Bilbo cut himself off, and by the look of despair on his
face he knew just what was coming next. 

“YOU LET HER SLEEP?” Hilda shrieked, causing us all to startle in our seats, though Daisy
looked unworried about her mother’s temper and was now staring with open curiosity at the
back of my head, leaning back in her seat to get a better look. “You idiot! She might not have
woken up!” 

Hilda now ignored Bilbo and his cowering, and her daughter’s delight in the proceedings and
half dragged me to a little, cool room off to the right of the entrance hall. The entire way she
muttered under her breath about Bilbo and his inability to judge the severity of issues, though
she used more colourful words and curses. 

The room was shaped rather like Bilbo’s parlour, though smaller, but there was still a small
circular window on the far wall. There was also a simple bed with a white cloth draped over
it in the centre of the room, a neatly pressed pillow at the top, fresh linen piled next to a
cabinet to the right and a large lamp on a side table to the left. This was her healing room. 

“Have a seat,” she directed, helping me onto a white mattress. A small wooden stool helping
with the step up as the bed was raised higher than the one I’d slept on last night at Bilbo’s. 

“Now, first things first,” she said, settling into a wooden chair by the side of the bed with a
serious air. “Where is the pain? And don’t say there isn’t any, I saw you wince when you sat
down at the kitchen table.” 

I settled on the mattress, and not knowing what to do with my hands, let them rest on the soft
linen beside me, my fingers curling anxiously around the material. 

“My head and back hurt the worse,” I began to list, ticking off each pain or niggle in my head
as I went. “My right ankle kind of…itches? I think that’s the correct word to use, but it’s a
painful itch. And my knees and hands are sore, stinging really.” 

“All right,” Hilda nodded to herself, and I could see she was storing away the information.
“Head injuries take priority at the moment, so I’ll start with that. Where is the cut?” 

“The back of my head. I didn’t even realise it was there until I turned my back on Bilbo and
he saw the blood in my hair.” 

“Show me,” she ordered, but not harshly. 

I dutifully went to turn and move my hair to show her, but she moved around the bed so I
wouldn’t twist, and her hands intercepted my own, finding the wound. 

“Any fresh blood when you discovered it?” She asked. 

I had to stop myself from shaking my head as she gently cradled it. 

“No, no, it had already clotted.” 



“Well, that’s something,” she lamented, while I could feel her fingers lightly pressing on
various places on my scalp, some were tender while others not so. “Any dizziness? Spotted
vision? Lack of depth perception? Sensitivity to light? Did you pass out or experience any
black outs?” 

“Umm,” I began, chewing my bottom lip, trying to piece together my foggy memory of the
previous night. Had I passed out in Bilbo’s home? I remember being so warm by the fire, so
sleepy but that was merely tiredness, wasn’t it? “I-I’m not sure. When I woke up in the field,
I know I felt dizzy. But other than that I, I don’t know.” 

“Hmm,” she hummed in acknowledgement, urging me to continue. 

But I wasn’t sure there was anything else to continue with. I scrambled to recall everything
that had happened for anything worth telling Hilda. Some knowledgeable voice deep in my
mind urged me to tell her every detail I could. 

“Erm, then, when I was walking to Bilbo’s I didn’t really feel anything, it wasn’t until I was
sat by the fire in his parlour that I realised that I was cold. Bilbo said I was blue with it, and I
really was, my fingernails were blue.” 

I looked down at my hands, as if to reassure myself that the colour had gone and was
assuredly replaced by a pleasant pink. It was. 

“That can be a sign of hypothermia,” Hilda explained, her gentle fingers leaving my scalp
and she came around to sit in front of me again. 

“What’s that?” I asked, but then she began inspecting my neck with gentle probing and I felt
suddenly nervous again. “W-what-what are you doing?” 

My nervousness didn’t phase her. 

“I’m checking to see if there is any damage to your neck. The wound looks as if you’ve fallen
on something. Sometimes a fall can jar your neck, or even damage your spine. Is it tender at
all?”

“No, not really, I mean, it’s, it’s a little stiff but I feel stiff all over.”

Hilda laughed. “I would be sceptical if you didn’t.” 

She went back to probing my neck, running her hands up to my jaw too, and the back of my
ears. 

“Hypothermia,” she explained while continuing her assessment. “It’s a condition a person can
experience after being exposed to cold over a long period of time, or if you’re submerged in
ice water and unable to warm up. The cold feels like it’s coming from inside you and you
can’t get warm.” 

“Have you ever experienced it?” I asked as she pulled away from me, her hands settling in
her lap. 



“I have.” 

“Really?”

Hilda nodded, a calming smile on her lips. “Yes, I was a child and fell into the river one
winter. I’d slipped on some ice on the bank and fallen in. I was sick for a long time.” 

“I’m sorry.”

Her pleasant smile didn’t falter. “Thank you, dear, but you needn’t.”

“I…I’m not sure why I said that…just…it felt like I needed to say that.” I bit my lip, feeling
shy. “Do people say that?” 

Hilda hummed, thoughtful, as she sorted through a box on the stand by the bed. 

“Yes,” she replied. “They do. It’s a common enough manner, though in my mind needless.” 

I fidgeted under her gaze, wondering what else was common but for me would be foreign.
But then, the topic was changed and my thoughts with it. 

Hilda’s sharp eyes focused, as if preparing for bad news. 

“Now, about your head,” she began.

“Yes?”

“You are going to need a couple of stitches, I’m afraid.” She pulled out various tools from the
box, each clean and obviously well cared for, but none sparking any knowledge as to their
use. “As well as Bilbo’s home remedy might have turned out, the wound is too deep to leave
open.”

Fear gripped me again, as did nausea, and I tore my gaze from the unknown instruments
before I vomited all over them. Bilbo had told me about needles last night, but now I had a
prickling sensation along my arms and the palms of my hands. In an instant I knew I did not
like needles. 

“Why not?” My voice luckily didn’t belay my nervousness and remained steady. 

Hilda seemed to have not noticed my panic, continuing to organise the equipment she would
need. “Well, for one it will become infected quite quickly, hair isn’t known for cleaning itself
very well. Your hair may also become trapped, so the skin might heal around some strands of
hair, which we do not want. And, if left open, the wound won’t close up by itself, it will heal
open so you’ll have a, for lack of a better word, gap in your head.”

Well, those were certainly not pleasant images to have rattling around my mind. 

“Okay, stitches it is then.” 



She laughed as she washed her hands in a small basin to the side of the room and then moved
about the room to finish collecting everything she would need. 

“It is strange though,” she commented. 

“What is?”

She was looking for a glass bottle in the wooden cabinet set to the side, searching among
their uniformed ranks until she pulled a half empty one triumphantly. “Your injury and your
memory loss, well, I don’t think the two are connected.”

“Why? Bilbo said that people have been known to fall and lose their memories. Couldn’t that
be what happened to me?”

“Yes, they can,” she agreed. “Though it is very rare. And, to be completely honest with you
my dear, from past experience with those I’ve treated before with memory loss the wound is
usually much worse.” 

This didn’t make any sense. If the injury isn’t the cause of my lack of recollection, then what
was? 

“Really?” 

Hilda noticed and turned back to give me a sympathetic smile. “Yes, and when those
incidences have occurred, the person who is injured will lose maybe a day, a week at most,
and mostly it is because they have been unconscious all that time. Memory loss due to head
trauma isn’t very common.”

“B-but Bilbo told me about a farmer,” I argued, feeling like I was defending my memory loss,
that I was trying to prove I wasn’t making it up.  

She nodded, arms full of carefully wrapped needles, thread, the glass bottle and several other
items I wasn’t confident enough to name. 

“Oh, yes, he was a special circumstance indeed. We had to bring out a doctor from Bree, if
you can imagine! It’s about a third of a day’s walk from here,” she explained when she say
my confusion. “The doctor thought there was something wrong with the farmer’s brain, he
wasn’t sure if it had swollen. Like when you stump your toe and it goes red and throbs, or
something of the sort. In any case, there wasn’t much he could do, but luckily Farmer Throm
turned out just fine.” 

I watched her for a moment, eyeing the one curved needle with trepidation and tried to hide
my shaking hands in between my knees. “Do you think the same could happen to me? That I
will remember everything eventually?”

“I’m not sure, my dear,” she said as she unfolded a pile of fresh cloth on her lap, and began to
thread the freshly sterilised needle with carefully precision. “We shall have to wait and see.” 

I eyed the metal warily. “Is, is this going to hurt?”



Hilda melted into the caring mother I’d fist met and reached over to take one of my trembling
hands. 

“I’m afraid it will.” 

I then scrutinised the needle with distain, wondering not for the first time if this was some
sort of joke Bilbo and Hilda were playing on me. “I don’t remember if I’ve ever been sewn
up before.”

Hilda laughed, eyes again bright. “It’s called stitching you up dear, not sewing you up.” 

Well, the definition certainly didn’t help. 

“Stitching?” I echoed, appalled. “How is that any better? I’m not a ragged hemline needing to
be mended!”

Again she laughed, looking fond. “No, you are not a ragged hemline,” she chuckled. “But
yes, I have to stitch the flesh together, it may be a poor choice of words, but it suits. Now, do
you remember what would happen if the wound was left unattended?”

“I remember,” I nodded, again watching the needle she was now disinfecting again carefully;
she was certainly thorough about cleanliness. “It could heal open.”

Hilda nodded calmly. “So I must do this.”

“I know.” 

She gave me a quick smile, then presented me with a vial of clear liquid. 

“Here,” she said. “Drink this, it will help with the pain.” 

I cast a doubting glance her way before taking the vial and drinking the liquid in one gulp. It
tasted sweet and reminded me of sweetened water, though a little thicker in consistency.
Handing Hilda back the glass, she eyed me for a moment, watching with the practised ease of
a concerned mother as her free hand came to hover at my side, as if I were about to tip over
in a faint. It only took a moment for me to feel the effects of the pain relief, but it merely felt
like a numb sensation over my skin. 

I shared my doubts about the medicines effect and Hilda laughed, informing me that it was a
mild concoction that would help moderate the pain once she’d finished. I nodded, again
knowing I couldn’t very well leave the wound as it was. Knowing it would hurt and actually
going through the pain of it were completely different things. To her credit, Hilda did numb
the skin around the wound first, and though it provided very little pain relief in addition to the
medicine, I knew without it the experience would be much worse. 

I could feel the needle piercing my flesh and the pull of the thread through my scalp which
caused me to gag a time or two, but Hilda was professional, placing a bucket between my
knees should I feel the need to vomit. Luckily, the bucket escaped our encounter unscathed. 

“You only needed a couple of stitches,” she announced, tying the thread and finishing up. 



It had not felt like a couple of stitches, but I wasn’t going to tell her that, lest I sound like an
ungrateful child. 

Hilda proceeded to tidy away the instruments, including the bucket, cleaning and setting the
needle to disinfect. I watched on, feeling a little woozy, but chalked it up to having my head
pierced multiple times. 

“Now, your back,” Hilda announced, after washing her hands. “Would you mind removing
your dress? I can help you if you need.”

I nodded carefully, bashful. “Could you? I’m having trouble remembering how it comes off.” 

She smiled at me, once again the mother I’d seen when she first opened the door to myself
and Bilbo. “Of course my dear, it’s not the easiest thing in the world, believe you me.” 

She stood and helped me stand. “Feeling a little dizzy?”

Had I spoken aloud before? 

“Yes, a little.” 

“Perfectly normal,” Hilda assured me. “Should settle down soon. Now, if you stand still, and
hold the back of the chair if you need, I’ll loosen your dress.” 

I found that holding the chair was just what I needed as when Hilda began pulling ribbon
loose behind me, I swayed with the tugging no matter how gentle she was being. I’d had no
idea just how tight the garment had been, and with every give of the fabric, felt my breath
came easier. 

“Such a beautiful dress,” she lamented, voice soft. “What a shame it’s ruined. Though,” she
continued thoughtfully. “I may be able to hem it for you. The skirt looks in good enough
condition.”

This gave me pause. The dress was the only garment I owned, and even though I knew Bilbo
would never let me want for clothing, I desperately wanted something that was my own. 

“You could?”

“Oh yes,” she answered. “I know Dwarrowdams prefer full length gowns but a Hobbit’s dress
is always hemmed short as our feet can take on the elements. In fact, I think the shorter
fashion will suit you better my dear, you have the figure for it.” 

“Thank you, I—”

Dwarrowdams. 

How did she know? Had Bilbo told her? No, I’d been with him the entire time. But then
how? 



“Don’t fret,” she soothed, noticing my distress. A cool hand came to rest on my shoulder. “I
saw your ears and feet and put it together myself.” 

“Oh.” I failed to form any other words. 

Hilda carried on loosening the bodice. I found my voice again. 

“Thank you.”

“For what, dear?” She asked over the ragged sound of ribbon pulling through fabric. 

“Being kind.”

She stopped for a moment, then I felt a hand stroke my hair back from my neck and place it
over my shoulder. The movement was so loving, it felt motherly, warm and comforting.

“You are very welcome,” she answered, voice soft, before setting about with the bodice
again. 

It wasn’t long after that when I felt the dress give, slipping off my shoulders and down my
arms until it caught in my elbows. I looked down and saw pale linen wrapped around my
torso tightly.  

Hilda sighed behind me. 

“Stays,” she explained. “No wonder you’re in so much pain, you’re laced in tighter than you
should be.” 

As she set about loosening the contraption she answered my unspoken question. 

“It’s an undergarment, used to hold your chest in place under the dress. Though I must say
I’ve not seen one as extravagant as this…ever.” 

“Extravagant?”

“It’s embroidered.” 

I looked down again, and sure enough, she was right. Green and red thread wove minute
figures of flowers around the edge of the stays. It was quite pretty. The idea of such delicate
work on something so obviously concocted to inflict pain and discomfort made me
uncomfortable. The dress too had been drawn tight, and I felt the loss of tension around my
shoulders and upper arms. Surely I would not have been able to do so to myself? Someone
must have helped me get dressed, as Hilda is helping me now. But who? 

At last, the stays gave way and I instantly took a deep breath, wincing and crying out in pain
as I did so. Hilda’s calming hand on my shoulder held me steady when I swayed.

“Try to breathe normally,” she coached in serene tones. “You’ll need to get used to not
wearing them again.”



With tight shut eyes, I nodded. The pain of my ribs ebbing like flames of a long burning fire,
in a word: reluctantly. 

“Well,” Hilda began. “That’s a nice bruise you have.”

Gasping for breath, I managed to speak, winded. “I’m bruised?” 

“From shoulder to hip I’m afraid.” 

I blew out another painful breath. 

“No wonder it hurts so much.”

“I’m going to check your ribs.” 

She pressed along my back, tracing to the edges of the bruise I assume, humming to herself
from time to time. She occasionally asked me questions, how painful was it to breathe? Did
this hurt? Are you struggling to breathe at all? When all her questions had been answered,
she helped me take the fabric off and threw it onto the bed. While it was certainly beautiful, it
was a contraption of evil, I was sure. I looked down and saw that the bones of it had left
matching imprints on my skin, red and bold. 

“You will not be wearing stays for a while, about a week I think, so the bruises can heal.
Here,” she handed me some cloth wrappings. “You’ll need to wrap your chest up for support
without it I’m afraid. But it will be more comfortable than that blasted thing, I can promise
you that. On the bright side, your ribs don’t appear to be damaged, just bruised like the rest of
you.” 

I took the wrapping, grateful, and relived I wasn’t more seriously injured. 

“Thank you, Hilda.” 

“It’s not a problem, dear. The real problem is my idiot cousin out there.” She jerked her
thumb at the door. “And his lack of medical knowledge.” 

I stifled a laugh imagining Bilbo being forcefully taught proper medical practise by a vigilant
Hilda. She helped me wrap my chest, keeping her eyes respectfully adverted to my back.
Then she helped me dress again, threading the ribbons back in place with great care and
much looser than it had been. 

“Let’s see to that ankle next. I’m wondering how it could possibly itch.”

“It’s a very painful itch,” I said as I sat again, feeling grateful to be rid of the stays once again
as I found I could sit in comfort, though mindful of my sore torso. “As if I’ve knocked a bite
or sting embedded in my skin. I remember being stung by a bee once and it’s a similar pain,
though stronger.” 

Hilda nodded and lifted my foot, resting it on her thigh, and respectfully not commenting on
my memory. 



She didn’t even have to poke or prod my flesh to see the problem. 

“Ahh, here we are,” she announced. 

“What is it?” I asked, fearful of looking and seeing something that would once again turn my
stomach. I’d been dutifully ignoring the pain until now, hoping it was just my body protesting
the abuse I assumed it had been through. 

I could feel her fingers lightly tracing around the painful sensation above my foot, in the
vulnerable hollow of my ankle bone.

“You’ve got a rather large splinter of wood just here.” She touched nearer to the mark than
before to show me, the sensation of her cool finger against my heated flesh making me flinch
and she apologised. “The itching sensation you are feeling is probably the result of your body
trying to push the offensive piece of wood out.” 

How bizarre. 

“It can do that?” I questioned. 

“Oh, yes,” she answered, reaching for metal pincers on the table. “Though, larger pieces like
this would take a very long while indeed.” 

“I wonder how I did it.”

She hummed, and set to her task. 

The rest of the examination carried on much the same, thoughtful hums, informative
descriptions of my injuries, and passing remarks of ambiguous small talk. Once my leg was
rid of wooden splinters, cleaned to get rid of any Hilda couldn’t see and wrapped, she
examined my hands and feet, which had luckily only sustained a few cuts. 

“Just scrapes on your hands and feet, looks like you were running barefoot and tripped. Your
dress saved your knees from a similar fate,” Hilda commented, once again looking at my
dress forlornly.  

 

***

 

Back in the kitchen, Bilbo and Daisy were playing a card game I did not recognise. It looked
as though Daisy was winning, though not on purpose judging by Bilbo’s sour pout. There
was another seated Hobbit, who I assumed to be Dinodas, watching over the game with a
fond smile, a mug of steaming tea in hand. 

“Mama! Miss Flower!” Daisy called when she caught sight of us. “Come look! I’m
winning!”



“So it would appear you are,” Hilda praised, a teasing smile on her lips. “Does Cousin Bilbo
not know how to play?”

Bilbo harrumphed, cheeks beginning to redden. 

“I most certainly do know how to play Gin Rummy! I’m surprised that your daughter does!”

Dinodas laughed. “Taught her myself. She clears me out if we ever play for sweeties.” 

He caught sight of me behind his wife and smiled. He had a pleasant face, soft and kind.
Where his wife and child’s heads were downed in soft brown curls, his own were as black as
ink. He had a comfortable air about him, leaning back in a time softened chair, arms propped
up on a cushion in a way that led me to believe this was the way he always sat in that
particular chair. 

“Hello there,” he greeted me, not moving to rise. “Dinodas, pleased to meet you.”

“You as well, I’m, umm, Flower,” the greeting caught in my throat when I uttered my new
name. Daisy beamed encouragingly up at me, urging me to become familiar with it. 

“Bilbo and Miss Flower are here on business, Dinodas,” Hilda informed her husband. 

“Oh?” He turned to Bilbo with a cocked eyebrow. “I thought I had paid you back?”

Bilbo nodded, eyed fixed on his cards. “You have.”

Hilda was quick to pin down her husband with a stare I imagine wasn’t often used. 

“Paid Bilbo back for what?” She asked, tone light, though there was nothing innocent about
the way she crossed arms and her stern expression. 

“Nothing, dear, nothing,” was his hasty response as he sunk a little more into his chair. 

Hilda hummed again, but going by the uncomfortable swallow Dinodas made of a mouthful
of tea at the sound, I was willing to bet it was more of a warning to him. 

Bilbo and Daisy paid the two no mind, focused entirely on their game. That was, until Daisy
slammed down her cards, triumphantly exclaiming: “Gin!” 

Her opponent’s left eye twitched, before he threw down his own cards and began muttering to
himself about never playing that wretched game again. All the while, across from him, a
gleeful little Hobbit raked in her winnings: a handful of small paper wrapped balls. 

“Thank you, Cousin Bilbo,” she said, positively radiant with pleasure in her win. “I love
peppermints!”

Peppermints! I know those, they’re sweets! I recalled the phantom taste of one on the back of
my tongue. A soft, creamy treat encased in a sugary shell. One I didn’t remember eating very
much of. Yet, I had the distinct feeling this wasn’t because I didn’t like them. 



Bilbo was on his feet next, sparing his cousin’s daughter a fond if not exasperated glance,
before turning to me with a reassuring smile. 

“How are you?” He asked. 

“Very well, Hilda’s patched me up.”

Said lady of the smial began to laugh. “She’s all stitched up and ready to go.”

I chose to ignore her quip at my indignation of the correct name for sewing someone up, and
instead asked Bilbo if we were staying for another game.

Whilst his face soured, Daisy’s brightened. 

“Oh, yes, please!” She chirped. 

“I don’t have any more peppermints!” He burst, much to her amusement. “You’ve cleaned
me out. I’ll have to go and buy more, and some of those were meant for Miss Flower whilst
we went walking.”

Daisy didn’t like that we might be leaving, and then shrunk into her seat when she heard
some of the sweets were meant for me. She was quick to grab half of the pile and come over
to me, spilling the sweets into one of my cupped hands. A hand which she positioned herself,
making sure I did not drop one sweet. 

“We can share,” she informed me. “And the next time you come over, we can both play
against Cousin Bilbo for them!” 

I had to laugh at her tenacity. 

“That sounds like a wonderful idea, but I’m afraid you’ll have to teach me how to play first,
as I don’t know the game.” 

Daisy shrugged. “No matter, it doesn’t take long. I’ll be happy to teach you!” 

 “I can’t wait.”

While we chatted, I noticed Bilbo approaching and then talking with Hilda. The conversation
didn’t look too serious and I gathered that Hilda was only telling Bilbo about my injuries.
Our conversations stopped at the same time and a beat of silence passed before Bilbo cleared
his throat. Dinodas sipped his tea as he watched us all, an easy smile waiting between drinks. 

“I was hoping to take Miss Flower around the village,” Bilbo began. “If you’ll agree she’s
able to. I know she would like to join me, but if you say she isn’t ready for such exhaustion
then we will save the walk for another day.” 

Hilda smiled, looking far more at ease than when we entered the smial. 

“That should be fine, Bilbo. Just keep an eye on how far you’re walking.” She turned to me.
“If you feel tired or short of breath, tell Bilbo and he’ll take you home to rest. If you start to



develop head pain, a headache, or sensitivity to light, come here immediately, I don’t care
what time of night it is.”

“Of course Hilda.” 

“Your stitches will need to come out in a week or so. If you come back every four days
perhaps, I can check on them regularly.” She smiled, eyes bright and twinkling with mischief
more suited to her daughter. “Maybe even get them out early if you’re lucky.”

I wasn’t sure I wanted to be lucky given her gleeful smile. 

“And if you should ever need anything else,” she continued. “And I really do mean anything,
we are here.” 

“Thank you, for everything.” I began to feel emotional as I realised how much this little trip
had given me, feeling keenly the physical evidence of their kindness in the peppermints I still
held. “If it weren’t for you, I’d have so many unanswered questions still.”

I turned to Daisy, wondering if it would be improper for me to hug her.

“And if it weren’t for you, I wouldn’t have a name.” 

She decided to answer my unvoiced question and launched herself at me, wrapping her thin
arms about my waist and burying her face into my side. I winced, but was careful to withhold
any noise of pain. 

From within the folds of my dress and her tumble of curls I heard Daisy reply, “You’re very
welcome.” 

Chapter End Notes

This was going to be posted in a few days, but I couldn't wait! Thank you to everyone
who left kudos and commented on my last chapter, I see you and I love you!

Trivia: 

Dinodas and Hilda are actual canon Hobbits. However, Dinodas Brandybuck, who
attended Bilbo's farewell party, and Hilda (Bracegirdle) Brandybuck, aren't mentioned to
be married. In fact, I could find very little information about Hilda, but imagined that
they could be married. Their relation to Bilbo is something more confusing, and
honestly, I couldn't attempt to untangle the family trees of the Shire. Those who can are
marvels! Daisy is my own creation, and hopefully a welcome addition.



Chapter 3: Names
Chapter Summary

Meeting Bilbo's cousins was nothing compared to meeting half of Hobbiton.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

After saying goodbye to Hilda, Dinodas and Daisy, (who quickly informed me of the proper
way to store my new peppermints) we set off towards the centre of Hobbiton. 

As we came to a soft rise, I could see into the village green by The Green Dragon pub. Bilbo
had kept up a steady stream of informative chatter once we’d left his cousins. I was
pleasantly surprised to see a collection of tables set with wares clearly to sell. Bilbo informed
me that this consisted of the weekly market. He told me a larger one took place every other
month, and there were especially large markets around the winter and summer solstices. The
larger markets were accompanied by a festival with a grand party, that featured colourful
bunting and lights to continue the celebrations into the evening and usually the following day
also. There were vegetable competitions at both, while the prizes for the best pig, and a pie
eating contest were held during the summer solstice. 

As we ventured closer, taking no great pains to walk with any considerable speed, we shared
the peppermints. I was beginning to favour my injured foot but Bilbo didn’t complain at the
slowing pace. In fact, he sighed gustily, and there was an air about him that felt peaceful. 

“When was the last time you took the time to walk at a leisurely pace?” I asked, unwrapping
my third mint. 

He shook his head, eyes creasing with deep thought. “I can’t recall,” he remarked, chuckling.
“But I am glad to do so again, there really isn’t any need to go rushing from one place to
another. Not in the Shire!”

Bilbo continued talking with a light hearted air as he told me all about the treats and surprises
that were usually to be found at the market. 

Before I knew it, he was as gleeful as Daisy. He began listing the stalls and wares on offer.
“There’s a fishmonger, a wonderful cheese stall.” 

I popped the mint into my mouth to keep from laughing when he practically skipped with
anticipation. I wondered if his glee was because of the abundance of food. It seemed Hobbits
were never without a snack to munch on. 



“You’ll love the knick-knacks!” He continued, jubilant. “There’s toys, games, and one seller
has beautiful broaches. If memory serves, Asphodel Brandybuck runs that stall with her
mother Mirabella. It’s been some time since I’ve had cause to stop by their stand.” 

“I’m sure I’ll love every stall Bilbo,” I agreed. 

He threw around names with little thought and, while I enjoyed hearing them, I could not
possibly have any hope of remembering or knowing to whom they belonged if I were to meet
the person. Also, while I was enjoying his good mood, I found myself wincing when my head
throbbed occasionally. Logically, I knew it was because Hilda had just examined and stitched
my flesh back together, but with each name passing Bilbo’s lips, it throbbed a little worse. 

Though, judging by the cheerful smiles that were sent my way as we continued to walk, my
inability to recall any names wouldn’t matter much. I hoped the pain would subside so that I
could enjoy the market with Bilbo. Despite Hilda’s cautionary warning, I didn’t want to
return to Bilbo’s home and wait until tomorrow. 

I enjoyed the sight of the colourful bunting and the sound of the upbeat, bubbling laughter,
and bright wares on offer. All were good distractions from my throbbing head and the crowd.
I was a little hesitant to be surrounded by a lot of strangers. The crowds, though happy, were
large. 

But, I suppose that any collection of people greater than four was large to me. Hilda’s kitchen
had felt cramped with the five of us. Bilbo seemed to sense this and took hold of my arm
once more, offering silent support while keeping up a steady stream of conversation. The
remaining mints were stowed safely in the pocket of his waistcoat. 

Everyone we came across, whether they were tending stalls or purchasing, were very
welcoming. Several Hobbits engaged me in polite conversation, seeming to have no worries
about my sudden appearance in their village. And I was correct, their names flew from my
mind almost as soon as I greeted them. At first, their openness startled me, but Bilbo quietly
informed me that there were many Hobbits who lived outside of Hobbiton, so travellers while
rarely unknown, where not unordinary. 

“Will you tell me more about the world outside of Hobbiton, later?”

He smiled. “Of course. I’ll show you all of my maps and I can try to answer any questions
you have. I’m not exactly a scholar.” 

We made our way through the market and, with Bilbo’s gentle coaxing, I began to look
around for pleasure. Rather than, in his words, “Stare at everything and everyone like it and
they were in a private collection, and you’ve been forbidden to touch them.” 

Between looking through bolts of cloth and nick knacks, Bilbo would take us to food stands
where the owners would be all too happy to allow us to sample their produce. Creamy goats
cheese, tart lemon biscuits, and moreish quince jelly. There was no immediate need for the
sellers to attract our attention. Rather, we were persuaded over to their stalls with the offer of
samples and good conversation. Every time we did stop, Bilbo engaged the seller in cheerful
chats. I was introduced as Miss Flower, a visiting distant relative of the Baggins family. 



“It’s better if it’s the Baggins’ you’re associated with,” Bilbo informed me in a rushed
whisper as we left the second stall to ask after my family. 

I matched his volume. “Because of the Took’s reputation?”

“Precisely.” 

Humming with neither agreement or disagreement, I decided that this business with the Took
family name was quite atrocious. From what Bilbo had told me, and overhearing pockets of
conversation at the market, the Took’s weren’t a family of thieves or layabouts. Quite the
opposite, in fact. Was it really the family’s tendency to go off on adventures that gave them
this reputation? And if so, what was with all this nonsense of avoiding them?

Nevertheless, I kept quiet as we continued to walk around the stalls. Bilbo introduced me to
Asphodel Brandybuck when we came to her stand. A pretty Hobbit, she spoke of light topics
with Bilbo while her periwinkle eyes lingered on my feet. 

At first I thought the bandage around my ankle had caught her eye, but when she caught my
gaze and adverted her own, I realised what had captured her attention. I fidgeted, feeling the
urge to hide my feet behind something. A basket on the ground by the stand served such a
purpose. No one had yet commented on my feet, but I wondered if the polite constraints of
society were all that held them back. If Bilbo noticed my unease, he didn’t let on. Neither did
Asphodel, who had looked back to Bilbo, laughing at his quip about someone I didn’t know. 

In an effort to divert myself from this uneasy feeling, I admired the wares on offer. Bilbo had
been correct, Asphodel offered a range of beautiful trinkets, varying from small buttons that
shone like the stars, to polished pewter backed brushes. I was admiring a broach the shape of
an oak tree when I heard the crinkle of paper. I looked up to see Bilbo accepting a small
parcel from Asphodel, passing her a few coins with a smile. 

“What did you purchase, Bilbo?” 

He turned his smile to me. “Nothing much,” he remarked, a twinkle in his eyes. “Some small
fancy.”

Asphodel chuckled. “I wouldn’t worry, Miss Flower. I oversaw his choices, there’s nothing to
fear.”

Unsure of her meaning, I merely smiled and nodded. Bilbo took hold of my elbow once again
and led me away, tucking the parcel into his other elbow. We said our goodbyes and
Asphodel wished us a good day. I felt lighter when she did not look back down at my feet. 

“Shall we look at the books next?” Bilbo asked, peering over to our left at the stall that had
caught his attention. 

“You aren’t going to tell me what you bought?”

He shrugged. “Eventually, but why spoil the fun of anticipation?” 



I was just about to remark that I was unfamiliar with the sensation and that it wouldn’t matter
if he’d bought himself a new comb, when a large pig crossed our path. 

“Watch out!”

“Give way!”

“Mind yourselves!” 

The pig was followed by several Hobbits, each of them crowing warnings. Though, whether
they were more for the benefit of others in its path, or for the pig, I was unsure. 

“All manner of things happen here, don’t they?” I found myself laughing as we watched the
pig trot away between tables, snout to the ground, uncaring as it tipped baskets and trod on
toes. 

Bilbo joined my mirth. “I can honestly say, my dear, that I am never bored here.” 

 

***

 

Our enjoyment continued as we wandered the stalls, but a lingering unease prickled my skin
as I recalled Asphodel’s stare. The pain in my head did not help matters, and I found a painful
sensation throbbing around my eyes, a headache was well on its way. 

Bilbo often asked after my health and if I wanted to turn back, but I was unwilling to miss out
on any more wonders within the market. I knew there would be more to attend, but…there
was something nipping at my heels. An instinct to keep on moving, to explore and discover.
Also, I found I was enjoying myself. 

After a while, I turned my back for a moment to admire an old book, leaning against the stall
to ease the aching of my foot and the strain on my back, when Bilbo took the opportunity to
scuttle away. It was only when I looked up from the book, that I realised he had ventured
further afield than the next stall. Turning, I tried not to panic, keeping my eyes fixed on the
crowd as I looked for his green waistcoat. He returned through a huddle of Hobbits ladened
with packaged goods. Just how long had I been admiring the book? 

“We shall see to our spoils later I think,” he said when I questioned him, a glint in his eye. 

I watched as he asked another Hobbit if he could leave these purchases behind the stall for
safety. This Hobbit turned out to be a third cousin on Bilbo’s mother’s side and was more
than happy to do so, if we bought something from his wares. I was all too happy to select a
thin length of pale green linen to use to tie my hair back. 

“But what did you buy?” I questioned as I pulled the bundles of curls back to the nape of my
neck. There was a slight sting as my hair caught in the stitches Hilda had so carefully



arranged, but I felt better knowing my curls were contained. The sun was warm and my thick
hair only enhanced the heat.

Bilbo eyed my hands warily. I wasn’t sure if I should show my ears or not, and so left them
shielded with a low ponytail, securing the excess fabric into a big bow. 

“You will know later,” he responded once I was done.  

“But, Bilbo!” I protested. 

He only smiled, his eyes bright and cheerful. 

“Mister Bilbo!” Called a voice from behind us. 

We turned to see a stocky, light haired Hobbit waving to catch our attention. He attracted
several other’s eyes as he jogged towards us, but he paid them no mind. 

“Hamfast!” Bilbo called back. 

The approaching Hobbit was dressed in browns and greens. His rosy cheeks flushed with
exuberance, and he was beaming. 

“Miss Flower, may I introduce Hamfast Gamgee, my good friend and gardener,” Bilbo
introduced me to the round cheeked, friendly faced Hobbit. “Best in Hobbiton if you ask
me!” 

Mister Gamgee grew bashful beneath Bilbo’s praise, but charmingly so. The flattery was not
empty, for I had seen Bilbo’s garden, and I could also see that Mister Gamgee appreciated the
commendation of his skills. 

“Pleasure to meet you, Mr Gamgee,” I greeted, extending a hand. 

He shook it, his palm pleasantly warm and dry. 

“The pleasure is all mine, miss. And please, call me Hamfast, Mr Gamgee is still my father,”
he chuckled. 

“Hamfast, this is Miss Flower, she’s a guest at Bag End.” Bilbo tacked on my living
arrangements in a gush of breath, as if he’d remembered at the last moment to add it. “So you
will be seeing much more of her.” 

“I look forward to it,” the cheery Hobbit enthused, animated. “Are you an avid gardener,
Miss Flower?”

“Oh, well, I don’t really know,” I answered. “I’ve not had much opportunity.”

“Well, we shall have to change that.”

Bilbo chuckled with him, very much at ease in his friend’s presence. “Hamfast is such a great
help, the garden of Bag End is just too much for me to handle by myself.”



Hamfast winked. “Not only that, but Mister Bilbo has his favourites.”

I had the distinct feeling Hamfast was teasing Bilbo and that he was encouraging me to join
in. 

“He does?” I questioned, hoping I was right. 

“Oh, yes,” Hamfast commented wisely, eyes round and comical. “He never did get on well
with the pansies.” 

I had to bite my lip to keep from laughing when Bilbo’s face darkened. 

“Only because the blasted things are so temperamental,” he bit out, annoyed.  

“Only to you Mister Bilbo,” Hamfast said, chuckling quietly. “Only to you.”

We laughed at Bilbo’s expense for a moment and I found the quick camaraderie with Hamfast
enjoyable. Bilbo was right, Hobbits were very agreeable. 

Hamfast bid us goodbye, as he was being beckoned over by another Hobbit to help move a
large bench from outside The Green Dragon. Bilbo shook his head as he watched him go. We
watched five Hobbits lift the piece of furniture and walk a few paces to their left, successfully
moving the bench closer to a table for more seating. Once it was moved, all five of them sat
upon it and ordered a mug of ale each from the barmaid who was collecting dirty dishes. 

We left Hamfast to his drink and had just crossed the bridge to investigate the rest of the
marketplace when Bilbo stopped in his tracks. 

“What is it?” I asked. 

Bilbo’s lips twisted and the tops of his ears reddened. 

“Aladgrim Took,” he grumbled.

I looked, following Bilbo’s cross gaze and found said offending party who had met Bilbo’s
eyes and was watching him with a sheltered expression. 

Mister Aladgrim Took was a round Hobbit, portly. I would certainly wager he had a greater
love of food than my new found appetite. He wore clothes of a similar nature to Bilbo, and
they were clearly well looked after, but with the addition of noticeable tares in his waistcoat
and a stain on the collar of his shirt. I could never envisage Bilbo looking in such a state. 

Bilbo began to stalk toward him and I hurried to follow, mindful of my ankle. Aladgrim
watched us approach him with weary eyes, his thin lips twisting. 

“Master Took,” Bilbo greeted with what was clearly a false smile. 

“Master Bilbo,” Aladgrim greeted back, his smile also lacking depth. “How wonderful to see
you again, and I see you have a companion.” 



“That I do,” Bilbo confirmed, not missing a beat. “I was wondering if I could speak with you
about a matter, in private?” 

Aladgrim did his best to cover the visible distrust on his face with another hollow smile. 

“Of course, I’m only too happy to help.” 

“Thank you.” Bilbo led us away from prying ears and towards the edge of the market. Our
mixed company brought a few looks of worry and astonishment, it seemed that it was a well
known fact Bilbo and Aladgrim did not get along. 

“How can I help?”

Bilbo cut straight to the point. “You were on patrol last night, were you not?” 

“I was.” Aladgrim cast me a curious glance. 

“Did you see or hear anything out of the ordinary?” 

“How so?” 

“Voices? Shouting? A pony maybe?”

Aladgrim wasn’t stupid, his eyes instantly found mine. 

“Does this have anything to do with your new companion?” He questioned. “You haven’t
even introduced us Bilbo, are your manners escaping you?” 

Bilbo reddened. “No, they are not,” he responded tartly. “This is Miss Flower, she is staying
with me for the foreseeable future—”

Before Bilbo could give a reason why, Aladgrim had created his own. 

“You’re courting?”

Bilbo was now crimson. “No.”

“Huh,” Aladgrim grunted, a noise rather like that I had just heard from the pig who was still
ploughing his way through the market stalls. “So the bets will have to be called off, then.”

“Bets?” Bilbo squawked. 

“Oh yes, after you paraded around with such a beautiful young lass on your arm this
morning, everyone has been speculating as to when the wedding will be. Many have been
commentating that it’s taken you long enough.” 

I decided to step in before Bilbo turned purple, as he was well on his way if this continued. 

“Bilbo and I are not courting,” I informed Aladgrim, who had been grinning with a self-
assured gleam in his eyes. “He is helping me in a time of need. I have recently found myself



homeless, and without a friend in the world. Bilbo has offered me help and shelter as I find
my feet.” 

Aladgrim snorted. “And afterwards?” 

“We are friends Master Took, that is all.” My tone was firm and offered no leeway on the
subject. I could see now why Bilbo was so irate with him. How someone could be so rude,
yet still dress like a gentleman, I did not know.“Should anything come about in the future,
that is in the future, and therefore undecided. I would appreciate your help in the meantime.
Now, do you recall anything out of the ordinary last night?”

He chewed on his bottom lip before deciding to answer. “No, I do not. Why do you ask?”

“Last night, I awoke alone in a field on the outskirts of Hobbiton.”

“I beg your pardon?”

I continued, explaining my story. “After waking, and discovering I was indeed alone, I made
my way toward the lights on the horizon. The first home I came across with a light was
Bilbo’s, so I knocked, trying to find help.”

“Help?” The Hobbit echoed. “With what?” 

“I cannot remember anything about myself.”

“Apart from your name.” 

“It is not my real name,” I admitted, wondering if it was wise to tell him this, but Bilbo didn’t
stop me or contradict me.  

The news looked to perturb Aladgrim. 

“And how can I help in this matter?”

“It has come to my attention that I did not arrive at Hobbiton in good health.”

Aladgrim looked to interrupt but I charged forward. 

“We wondered if you might shed some light onto my plight?” 

He grunted again. I wondered if he had a cold; it certainly sounded like he did. 

“I am afraid I cannot help you.” 

Bilbo scowled while I asked: “Cannot or will not?” 

Aladgrim huffed, and I could see the moment he decided he did not like me and wanted to be
rid of my company as soon as possible. 

“Cannot,” he ground out. “I did not see you miss, nor did I hear you. Now, if you have no
more questions, I have errands to run.” 



“So what were you doing last night to have missed Miss Flower?” Bilbo questioned, stopping
Aladgrim from leaving. “You patrol the fields she woke in. If you had been doing your duty,
you would have seen her.” 

The round Hobbit span and pinned Bilbo with a cold eyed glare. 

“I do not have to answer you, Bilbo Baggins,” he hissed. 

“You were drinking again, weren’t you?” 

Aladgrim refused to answer. 

“Weren’t you?” 

Bilbo scrutinised Aladgrim, before leaning in and sniffing him. Bilbo recoiled, nose
wrinkling in disgust. 

“You were! You still sink of ale!” Bilbo burst. “I shall be having a word with Hildigrim, and
see to it that you are stripped of your title as Bounder, mark my words!”

Aladgrim twisted his lips again, cheeks pinking ever so slightly with embarrassment and
shame as now there was a small crowd dithering about watching us as they pretended to go
about their business. 

“Well, that’s that!” Bilbo announced, steering me away from the Took and back over the
bridge. “I’ve had quite enough tomfoolery for today!” 

I tripped over my own feet at the sudden change of events. My elbow was caught and Bilbo
helped me to navigate around the crowd gossiping  at the scene we had just made. 

“Where are we going Bilbo?”

“Home,” he replied, his tone clipped. He took a deep breath and the tightness in his voice
eased as he continued: “And to our elevenses. We’re late, it’s almost time for lunch.”

Home, I had a home. The thought made me rather dizzy. 

 

***

 

Once the excitement of our outing had calmed, and my companion had ceased muttering
under his breath about a certain Took, Bilbo brought in his parcels of goods from the market
to the parlour. He asked if I needed to recover from our walk, but I felt fine if a little sore and
told him as much. To which he pursed his lips and all but tugged me into the chair I’d sat in
the night before. 

“But Bilbo!”



My protests fell on deaf ears. Bilbo had set his mind to a task, and he was not going to be
swayed from it.

“I am not making the same mistake again!” He announced, sounding a little hysterical.
“Hilda will have my head if she sees you aren’t being tended to as she ordered. I rather like
where it is at the moment, if you don’t mind.”

“She never said I had to sit down,” I reminded him, teasing. 

He huffed at me. “She said to rest. So, you will rest.” 

I resigned myself to my fate and allowed him to fuss about me. He draped the same blanket
over my knees as he had last night, taking care to avoid my tender ankle. Tutting at the
bandage, he shook his head, mumbling something I couldn’t catch under his breath. 

“What was that?” 

“I should have made a proper inspection of you, myself,” he explained, as if admitting his
greatest sin. “What could have happened to you…it hardly bares thinking about.”

“Then don’t.” 

It appeared as if he would argue with me, but an internal monologue convinced him
otherwise. Sparing a brief pat on my clasped hands, he nodded to himself before rising.

“I won’t be long.”

It occurred to me then that Bilbo was feeling guilt at what he saw as his poor care of me. Did
he not know that if I hadn’t found my way here, I might have found someone who was not so
kind to strangers? Perhaps that was what he meant? The thought brought a shiver and the
quake made my scalp ache. 

After a while, Bilbo brought a tray laden with tea things into the parlour, before leaving once
more to retrieve a plate of shortbread, two scones, butter and jam.

“Elevenses,” he explained. 

I was glad it wasn’t a large meal. 

“Bilbo?” I asked as he poured our tea. 

“Yes, dear?”

“We still don’t know how I got here.”

“Hmm,” he hummed, frowning into the milk jug. “We can see if any of the other Bounders
saw or heard anything tomorrow, if you like. Aladgrim was my first thought as his patrol
includes the fields you woke in.” 

The thought of accosting someone again made my innards tighten. 



“I was planning on going to Hilda’s tomorrow again,” I ventured. “She offered to hem my
dress if I’d like her to.”

“If you see Hilda, I can pop around and see if anyone heard anything.” 

And just like that, I had plans set in motion for my future. It was at once, a freeing, and
constricting feeling. Not altogether a bad feeling, just different. 

After eating, we began to unwrap the parcels from the market. 

The brown paper crinkled when it was handled and the sound pulled at something in my
memory, but not tight enough to free it. Bilbo placed parcel after parcel into my lap, smiling
as I unwrapped everything with care. I didn’t want to rip any of the paper, and the twine
could prove useful. 

When the first parcel revealed fabric, I frowned up at him, but Bilbo ushered me on, a wide
smile fixed on his lips. He’d bought me a nightgown. A ankle length, pale cream cotton
garment with a blue ribbon woven into the chest to create structure. Such a delicate, beautiful
thing, I wanted to wash my hands before handling it. 

“Oh, Bilbo!”

“You need something to sleep in. It isn’t much, and we shall have to buy you something
thicker for the winter months.”

“Thank you!”

“Open the rest,” he encouraged. 

There were two dresses, basic in design, but just as pretty as the dresses I’d seen Hobbit
ladies were in the market. One a grass green, the other a shade lighter than the buttercups
Bilbo had pointed out in his garden when we returned. 

“We’ll go shopping for more elaborate dresses when you’re feeling better,” he explained and
I had trouble wondering how a dress could be more elaborate, or what I would need one for.

He had bought himself a few books, one had come all the way from Bree he told me. When I
asked him if that was far, he showed me a map that had been rolled up on a shelf. My eyes
quickly found that Hobbiton was in fact, rather small in the scale of Middle Earth and when
my breath began to quicken, Bilbo took the map from my hands. 

“I think we’ll leave map gazing for another day,” he cautioned, handing me my tea and
coaxing me to try and slow my breathing. 

I nodded and agreed with him. Just how large was Middle Earth? My chest felt tight and my
heart was heavy as I thought of all the places I could have come from, and how far away they
were from the Shire. Would I ever find my home? 

When I was calm, he handed me the final parcel. It was a hairbrush, pewter backed, and small
enough to fit in the palm of my hand, but it slid through my curls effortlessly when I tried.



Bilbo was beaming at me. 

“Is this what you bought from Asphodel’s stall?” I asked, remembering the other items she
had had on offer. 

He nodded. “Do you like it?”

“I do! It’s beautiful! Thank you.” With the items stacked neatly beside me, I felt at a loss for
words. “I honestly do not know how to thank you, Bilbo.”

Bilbo continued to smile. “Seeing you whole and hale and happy is more than enough, my
dear.” 

 

***

 

That night I watched my dress from the bed. 

I’d hung it to take to Hilda in the morning to be hemmed. The nightgown was as soft against
my skin as it had been in my hands and I felt more relaxed than the previous night. The other
two dresses were hung on the bookcase, the hems just brushing the floor. Bilbo promised to
move a wardrobe into the room tomorrow, and as much as I protested, he told me I would
need space for clothing eventually. 

As much as I loved the dresses Bilbo had bought me, there was something about the red dress
that sung to me. The lure of my past lingered on it like dust and I longed to shake the
memories free. Now I’d had time to take it in, I could see how badly I’d damaged it, and how
magnificent it had once been. 

Luxury seeped from its stitches and made my skin itch uncomfortably at the thought of its
price. 

How had I come to own such a garment? Was I from a wealthy family? Or was this a gift?
But if it were a gift, who had given it to me? This was not something passed down, it was
new and vibrant. The deep red hue, the intimate gold accents…if I was truly honest with
myself, I knew what it was.

A lover’s gift. 

But if I had a lover, where were they now? 

Chapter End Notes

Thank you to everyone who left kudos and bookmarked, I love you!



Trivia:

Aladgrim Took is a canon Hobbit. From LOTR fandom wiki: "Adalgrim Took: (c. TA
2880 - TA 2982) (SR 1279 - SR 1381) Son of Hildigrim Took and Rosa Took. Father of
Paladin II Took, Esmeralda Brandybuck, and three unnamed daughters. He was Bilbo's
first cousin on his father's side (and Bilbo's mother's side) and Bilbo's second cousin on
his mother's side (and Bilbo's father's side), making him an excellent example of the
complicated kinship relationships among Hobbits. " I wanted to include as many canon
characters as I could, and imagined that Bilbo wouldn't always get along with his
relatives. As evidenced by his relationship with Lobelia Sackville-Baggins. I can't
remember if it's canon that Aladgrim is a Bounder, but I wanted to include them too, as
it is important to note our mystery character had to get past them to find herself as she
did.

Bounders: An organisation of Shire Hobbits charged with patrolling the borders. Along
with the Shirriffs (a voluntary, law enforcement position within the Shire), they were
charged with responsibility of keeping strange persons and creatures from entering the
Shire and making trouble. They patrolled parts of the Shire and its borders as part of
their duties, and deferred to the Shirriffs.

Hamfast Gamgee (yes our favourite Samwise's father) was, I felt, an addition needed.
While he isn't canonically in the events of The Hobbit as he was a child, for the story's
sake I've aged him and Bell up. He's in his twenties, as is Bell, which would make him
in his eighties during Bilbo's 111th party. Hobbits are considered adults when they hit
their thirties (I believe it's their 33rd birthday, but I may be wrong), but I liked the idea
that Hamfast took up gardening as a past time until he was old enough to become a
roper like his father, but then loved gardening too much to stop.

Thank you for reading, take care of yourselves and each other. Much love x



Chapter 4: Memory or Malady?
Chapter Summary

At last, a name!

Chapter Notes

Disclaimer: I own nothing but original character and my original storyline for her. The
Hobbit, LOTR, and other subsequent works belong to the Tolkien estate. All creative
output by Peter Jackson, his interpretation, and movies belong to him and the relevant
parties, including the actors interpretations and their acting choices.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

***

 

I heard noise before I saw anything. Shouting, screaming, curse words that were cut off mid
syllable. I felt as something fell at my feet, the dull thump shaking through the ground and up
my legs. When I could see, I couldn't digest what I was watching.

I was standing on rock that was slick with what I instinctively knew to be blood, but I didn't
know how I knew that. A pale giant, of a species I did not know, stood roaring on a high
mound, holding aloft the head of a Dwarf. Above the battle cries, shoutings of pain and
anger, I heard a roar of grief.

Turning, I saw another Dwarf, black hair falling past his shoulders, a shield in one hand, a
sword in his other, and he was watching this giant with eyes as wide as the full moon. Then,
in the blink of my eyes, I was on the outskirts of a battle between the two. I could feel the
disruption in the air as they jabbed at each other. The shield was torn from the Dwarf's grip
by a swing of the beast's bladed club. Though he battled against the brute's sheer size and
strength well, the Dwarf was pushed back until he slid on the wet ground and his sword was
ripped from his hand. With a roar, the pale giant swung his axe, and then—

 

***

 



I woke in a cold sweat, the blanket tangled around my legs and my pillow crushed in clammy
hands. The clang of blade hitting armour reverberated in my ears even as I became aware of
the window creaking as it swung in a lazy wind. The air tasted cleaner than it had before I fell
asleep, but with a tang of smoke that bit at my tongue; the memory of the scene lingering.
Swallowing roughly, my cramped hands relaxed and the pillow dropped to the floor.

Shaking, my head fell into my hands and I pulled my knees up to cradle my elbows.
Breathing was difficult, but closing my eyes, I focused on the thud-thud thud-thud of my
heart and forced myself to breathe in and out, counting each breath as I went. I was in Bilbo's
home. Safe, in the spare bedroom he'd given me three nights ago. Not in the battleground
with blood so thick on the ground, it looked as black as the night sky. My stomach lurched
with the memory of the smell, the pure stink of iron rich blood, fouled britches, and burnt
hair.

I took a deep breath and began to count aloud.

The dream, for I knew it to be one, had felt awfully real. I touched my cheek, half expecting
my fingertips to come away red with blood, but found nothing but the tears I'd shed whilst
asleep.

What was happening to me?

 

***

 

The following morning, I felt more at ease in Bilbo's home, though my head hurt and the
stitches in my scalp ached. But the pain convinced me that I was awake, not trapped in a
realistic dream. With the sun shining, the darkness of my nightmares felt further away. The
dream still lingered with haunting unease, but I rationalised that as it was a dream, it could
not hurt me. The sounds of Bilbo making tea in the kitchen were a further comfort, familiar
sounds that told me I was not alone. But I now had a sense of understanding. I knew I was
not wholly a Hobbit. Asphodel's stare and Aldagrim's shrewd looks were enough to show me
just how different I was. As much as Bilbo's statement yesterday had warmed my heart, I
knew this was not my home, but it was kind of him to say so.

Bilbo gasped when I appeared in the kitchen doorway, frozen in shock with the teapot still in
his hands.

Nervous, I pulled at the skirt of the new green dress he'd bought me.

"Does it look that bad?" I asked, unease sinking my heart. The petticoat had been difficult to
work out, particularly as when I bent over or reached up, my back twinged with a sharp pain.
The tie to fasten the petticoat was a cord within the waistline. It tangled easily and I'd knotted
it three times before I put it on, finally working out that it was supposed to tie at the small of
my back only once I had the garment on.



Bilbo was silent, gaping at me with wide eyes. Wavering with indecision, I swayed on the
threshold, hands fisting in the skirt of the dress. Had I screamed in the night? Had I put the
dress on backwards?

Finally, I stepped into the room and took the teapot from him before he either dropped it or
inadvertently poured our tea onto the flagstones.

"Bilbo?" I inquired quietly.

His cheeks were pale. "Your—your face."

"What about it?" I enquired, placing the teapot on the table with our breakfast.

"Oh, my dear," he lamented, voice breaking. "You're—you're all mottled red, purple and
blue!"

That, I was not expecting. "I am?"

I looked down as if I could see it for myself. My legs were bruised, it was true. I'd seen as
much while I got dressed. But I didn't think it was all that bad. The binding around my chest
had been difficult to put on, painful even when I tightened it. And Hilda had told me that the
scratches on my legs and hands indicated I'd fallen, so I was bound to bruise eventually. But I
wasn't sure it was enough to warrant Bilbo's aghast expression.

He held up a polished copper dish, so I could see a wobbly version myself in the reflection.

"So I am."

The bruising was around my hairline in patches. As if there had been great strain on my hair.
It was violent against the freckles on my skin. Another injury to add to my list. What hell had
I endured before waking in that field?

"What will Hilda think?" Bilbo lamented, dropping the pan onto the table and shaking his
head.

I pressed one of the larger marks at the side of my face gently, the flesh was somewhat
swollen and tender to the touch. It didn't seem very serious, and I was sure Hilda would
prescribe the appropriate method of healing when I saw her. Perhaps it was a result of my
head trauma? At the very least, I was dressed appropriately.

"I don't understand."

I knew my state might be upsetting, but we also knew I had been through the wringer, as
Hilda had put it yesterday. But there also was this fear in me that didn't want to keep coming
back to what might have happened to me. It felt safer not knowing.

Bilbo was still occupied by his thoughts, and unaware of mine. "She'll see you in such a state
and blame me again." His hands twisted around themselves and his thumbs worked the space
between his knuckles.



"Bilbo," I sighed, finally realising the core of his worries. "Hilda heals people, I'm sure she's
seen bruising before."

"But—"

"Yes?"

He sighed gustily and his hands stopped their fidgeting.

"Yes, my dear, however—no don't interrupt—it is the matter of your being bruised in the first
place. It should never have…whatever befell you to cause this…"

"But it has," I insisted, my tone just this side of sharp. After the night I had had…the
possibilities of what had happened to me didn't bare thinking about. "It has happened, and I
don't see the point in dwelling on that which we can't change."

"I suppose," he replied, watching me closely. "If you insist."

"I do."

"Well, then, in that case, shall we eat?"

I smiled and nodded, eager to tuck in and change the subject of our conversation. Food was a
very agreeable distraction. This morning, the table was once again laden with food. I idly
wondered if it would begin to creak, even break, beneath the weight of our feasts if this
carried on.

Again, we had sausages for breakfast. As well as the rest of the home-cured ham, small
brown shelled boiled eggs, the pot of tea, new-baked bread that was still warm, a small pot of
light gold honey, butter, and frothy milk. Maybe Bilbo was making up for missing second
breakfast yesterday? Or was our second breakfast the treats we snacked on at the market? I
wasn't sure how much food yet constituted as a meal to hobbits.

I bit into a slice of buttered bread spread with honey with relish.

"What are we doing today?" I asked Bilbo, catching a dribble of honey with my thumb as it
slid down my chin.

He smiled at me as I licked the smear off of my thumb.

"You remind me of Daisy," he chuckled, his earlier fears banished. "Well, I need to go into
the market and run a few errands. Would you like to accompany me?"

I considered his invitation, but decided that I should spend time with other Hobbits if I were
to ever learnt to leave him to his life.

"I was actually going to ask if you could take me back to Hilda's?"

Bilbo didn't seem offended, in fact, he was concerned.



"Of course, but is something the matter? Are you feeling all right?"

I knew the bruising on my face was a clear indicator that I had been through some sort of
trauma, but without my memories, it felt wrong to feel out of sorts. Without any reasonable
evidence, any ill feeling could be chalked up to other events, including paranoia, or my
anxieties.

"Yes, I'm fine Bilbo," I reassured him while pouring another cup of tea for myself. Could he
sense I felt guilty for not saying yes? "I was going to ask if she would help me hem my red
dress. I'd like to preserve it if I can."

"That sounds very reasonable," Bilbo agreed. I was sure I had mentioned going to Hilda's the
previous evening, but it seemed to have slipped his mind. "I'm sure she'll be able to help
you."

"Would you mind walking me back to Hilda's? I'm afraid I don't remember the way."

"Of course, of course." He nodded, tucking into another boiled egg. "I'll accompany you to
Hilda's and then be on my way." There was a pause as he thought and peeled the shell. "What
do you say I pick us up some fish for our lunch? We'll ask if Hilda minds you staying for
second breakfast, as I have a feeling I'll be eating at the market today."

"How do you mean?"

He laughed to himself, cheeks ruddy with warmth and food. He looked bright and cheery and
I found myself smiling at his jovial attitude. A sharp change from moments earlier.

"You got only a small taste of what goes on at market yesterday," he informed me, smiling.
"Some days I can't cross the bridge without being rolled, I've eaten so many free samples!
Makes up for any forgotten meal!"

 

***

 

Dinodas met us at the door of his house, shrugging into a brown jacket as he stepped outside.
The nosy neighbours from yesterday were absent, but I could have sworn seeing the curtain
of one window twitch as we walked up the lane.

"Bilbo, Miss Flower, nice to see you," Dinodas greeted with a quick nod, but was
preoccupied with buttoning the garment up. "Are you back for another game of Gin, Bilbo?"

"Afraid not," Bilbo was quick to deflect with a smile. I would have teased him for his
avoidance of a repeat game with Daisy, but I had a feeling she would tease him mercilessly
when she had the chance. "Miss Flower wanted to see Hilda about her dress."

"Right, of course, come on in. I was just about to leave, myself. Hilda!" He called into the
home, pushing the door further ajar. "You'll have to excuse me."



I nodded. "Of course."

Then, Dinodas caught sight of my face.

"Oh!" He gasped, eyes wide with shock. "Miss Flower!"

I was quick to cut off anything else he might say. I'd had enough of pity and placeless sorrow.
"I'm all right," I assured him. "The bruising came out over night, but I'm in no pain."

Dinodas wasn't set at ease by my little lie. His eyes traced over my hairline, and a frown
creased his forehead. Bilbo cleared his throat when the silence lengthened too long, and his
relative jumped, apologising.

"I understand," I reassured him, guessing that his wife would be just as, if not more,
concerned. "After spending time with Bilbo and meeting other Hobbits, I've come to
understand that violence is very uncommon in Hobbiton."

"That it is," Dinodas muttered, still concerned. "That it is."

"I'm not staying, Dinodas," Bilbo cut in, breaking the somber air that had gathered around us.
"Got a few errands to run. Where are you off to?"

"To see Mister Worrywart," the darker haired Hobbit explained, feeling in his coat pockets
for something. "He's expecting a delivery of tubers any day now, and I want him to put a few
aside for us."

"In that case I'll walk with you, if you don't mind the company. It will be nice to have a third
party present if I were to be accosted by a certain Sackville-Baggins." He paused,
considering. "And I think I'll ask Mister Worrywart to put some tubers aside for us as well."

"I'd be grateful for the company," Dinodas agreed, still rummaging in his pockets. "Maybe
you could help me locate my pipeweed on the way?"

Bilbo laughed. "Are you sure it's in your pockets and not by your chair?"

"Quite! I didn't take it out last night after being in The Green Dragon." Dinodas shook his
head, clearly growing frustrated with his futile search. "Go on in, Miss Flower," he directed,
jerking his chin towards the door. "Hilda will be out soon, I'm sure. She and Daisy are…well
I'm not sure what they're doing."

He was suspiciously edging away from the front door as he gestured for me to enter. Bilbo
saw his slow retreat as well, and narrowed his eyes, a slow smirk beginning to blossom on his
lips.

"Eager to leave, Dinodas?" He questioned.

I took pity on Dinodas and walked into the doorway. His eyes flickered over my shoulder,
looking into the depths of his home.

"Too right," he agreed under his breath. "Hilda questioned me all night about that money."



Bilbo's mouth puckered and his smirk died in a cruel twist.

"Ah." He then began to follow Dinodas, taking small steps backwards, nodding as he did so.
"Perhaps it might be best if we left before she came out?"

The two were side by side and backing away to an increasing distance, much to my
amusement. But I kept quiet; I feared if I were to stop biting my inner cheek I would burst
into laughter.

"I agree! Good day, Miss Flower." Dinodas tipped his head to me.

"I'll see you when we return," Bilbo called to me, keeping his voice low while casting fervent
glances at the door. "Err, if the subject should come up, could you possibly throw Hilda off
it? Distract her, I mean?"

Finally unable to stop smiling at the two, I nodded.

"I'll try my best."

"That's all I can ask. Thank you! And be sure to let her know we'll be gone a while, most
likely until luncheon."

With that, the two left around the corner with such haste I felt offended on Hilda's behalf.
Shaking my head, I shut the door behind me and walked into the kitchen, looking for the
women of the house.

"Daisy? Hilda?" I called into the halls, entering the kitchen to see the fire burning cheerfully.

Daisy was the first to spot me as she and her mother came into the kitchen.

"Miss Flower!" She crowed, skipping over to me, hair bouncing over her shoulders. Just as I
had anticipated, she didn't make a fuss of my bruising. Hilda, however, narrowed her eyes
and pursed her lips at the sight of me.

"Good morning, Daisy," I greeted her. "How are you?"

"I'm well," she answered, beaming with such force her cheeks were practically circular.
"Mama made scones for breakfast. Would you like one? I ate three!"

"Did you? My, you have a healthy appetite." She swayed with clear excitement at the praise.
"I would love to try one of your mother's scones, if she doesn't mind."

Daisy quickly shook her head, eyes wide. "She won't."

I begged to differ given the wry smile Hilda was giving her daughter behind her back.

"Still, we should ask," I said, trying not to smile along with her.

"Okay." Daisy span on her heels to face her mother, face cleared into the epitome of
innocence. "Mama?"



Hilda, having clearly had years of practise to school her features, smiled benevolently at her
daughter. I would have to ask her how long it took to perfect such an expression. I had the
feeling she used it on Dinodas too.

"Yes, dear?"

"Can Miss Flower have one of your lovely scones?"

Hilda laughed at the buttering up. "She can."

Daisy paused, on the verge of running off to their pantry, before she pursed her lips.

"Mama?"

"Yes?"

"Can I have one too?"

"Of course, but that's it. No more until elevenses."

Daisy was already running to the pantry. "Yes, Mama!" She cried over her shoulder.

"She is remarkably calm," I told Hilda who shook her head after her daughter. "Dinodas
nearly swooned at the sight of me."

Hilda laughed. "She's made of sterner stuff. Now, let's have a look at you."

She lead me to the kitchen table and directed me to sit. Daisy ran back in with the scones
along with butter and plum jam and set about making up a plate for us to share from. When
Hilda began to inspect the bruising on my face, she prodded a tender part by my left ear that
caused me to wince.

"It looks like someone took handfuls of your hair and pulled," she observed. "Whoever did
this had a strong grip. Some patches of your hair have come out."

Mouth full of scone, her cheek smeared with jam, Daisy leant forward to peer at my face
from beside me.

"Do you remember anything yet, Miss Flower?" She asked.

"I'm afraid not," I admitted, wincing as her mother prodded my scalp. "I wouldn't have
noticed the bruising on my face if Bilbo hadn't gone into shock at seeing me this morning."

"He did?" Daisy pressed, eyes wide at the prospect of her cousin being in shock. Though, I
wasn't sure if she knew what it meant.

I nodded, spying the beginnings of a smile on the corners of her lips.

"He almost dropped the teapot onto the kitchen floor."



She giggled, some crumbs spraying out of her mouth. Slyly, she wet her forefinger and
picked all the crumbs up before popping finger into her mouth and getting rid of the
evidence. I shared a smile with her when she saw her mishap had gone unnoticed by her
mother.

"I'm sure the shock did him good," Hilda commented, voice wry. "Now, I'm afraid I haven't
anything but salve for the bruising, we'll have to let it heal in it's own time."

Nodding, I accepted the offer and she left to retrieve a bottle. Daisy, in the meantime, nudged
my ribs with her sharp elbow. The prod wasn't painful, just uncomfortable. She was watching
the hallway, but spoke to me without breaking her gaze.

"Miss Flower? Are you going to eat your scone?"

I smiled. "Yes, Daisy."

"Oh."

"Why?"

She shrugged. "Just wondering."

I tucked into the scone, thanking Daisy for preparing it for me, though I wagered she had
hoped I would forfeit my scone for her while her mother's back was turned. With a nudge, I
broke the top half in two and pushed it towards her side of the plate. The grin she gave me
felt warmer than any fire and she could hardly contain her giggles of glee as mopped up the
last of the crumbs.

Hilda returned once we had finished, and applied a light layer of balm onto my skin. It smelt
of beeswax and something medicinal.

"Tea tree," she supplied when I asked. "It will sooth the bruise. I didn't ask, but was there
something I could help you with, beside the bruising? I see you've brought your dress with
you."

She handed me the bottle of slave which I placed into the basket containing the dress and
nodded.

"I wondered if I could take you up on your offer of fixing my dress?"

Daisy, having seen the dress for the first time since I'd arrived, reached in and began to stroke
the fabric, her eyes wide.

"Of course," Hilda replied, eyeing her daughter. "Daisy, we mustn't touch what isn't ours,
remember?"

Her daughter dropped the dress as if it were a hot coal.

"Yes, mama," she answered, chastised. "Sorry, Miss Flower."



"That's all right Daisy," I assured her and handed her the dress. "Would you help your mother
and I fix it?"

She beamed, nodding, and clutching the garment to her chest with both fists.

"Yes! Yes, please!"

 

***

 

Sat by the hearth, I could feel the heat of the fire against my bare skin. Daisy had insisted I
eat three of after it was decided we should sew by the fire. I had also shared with her half of
my third, much to her greedy happiness. She'd also insisted that I distract her mother while
she ate her extra half scone. I'd asked Hilda about some family portraits in the hallway, but I
wondered if she only went along with it for her own amusement. As her daughter had not
been successful at stifling her laughter. Daisy had declared that I was her best friend once our
clandestine operation as complete, not Dora. Though who Dora was, I was never told.

Along with the tea, hazelnuts and candied orange peel Hilda had brought out from the pantry,
our elevenses turned into a lovely picnic. Daisy curled up on the rug at our feet and began to
play with dolls made from scraps of fabric once she was full and tired of sewing. I was
introduced to Holly, a doll with red thread for hair, and Ivy, who wore a dress made from the
same green checkered cloth as Hilda's apron. We played together for a little while, I even
made Holly talk, though Daisy corrected me several times about the pitch and tone of Holly's
voice. Eventually, Daisy commandeered the dolls and set them to bed on the woven rug
beneath a kerchief.

Hilda sat in the other chair by the fire across from me. She'd shown me a couple of easy
stitches and my memories of sewing came back like trickling water. The only thing missing
was my speed. Hilda had taken over when I'd stuck myself with the needle for the fifth time.
The sound of the needle and thread pulling through the fabric reminded me of the stitches in
my own scalp. Daisy had looked with morbid wonder when I'd lent forward to allow her
mother to check on them after we'd eaten and settled. I wagered she was the sort of child to
pick at her own scabs just to see if the wound would bleed again.

Now, the warmth and sated feeling of a full stomach pulled at my eyelids, and I found myself
sinking back in the chair. Promising myself to shut my eyes only for a moment. Just a short
while. Just to rest.

 

***

 



Instead of the blackness tinged with indescribable colours, my minds eye took me to the
image of a night's sky. I couldn't mistake the starry roof of the world that shone brightly down
at me. Where was I? I wasn't safe in Bilbo's guest room, but in the middle of dirt track on a
softly banking hill and among a small coppice of trees.

The next thing I noticed was that I was on the back of a pony. Bound. My wrists tied in front
of me with a length of rope held by a hooded figure who was riding beside me. The pony I
was on being led by another robed, mounted figure ahead of me. I began to panic. What kind
of dream was this? Where was I? Was this another memory? If it was, then I was sure I didn't
want to have this memory. I wasn't sure I would want to know my past if it included this.

The figures exchanged gruff words in a language that was gravelly and deep. They offered no
translation for me, but our pace quickened. Ahead, I could just make out the crest of the hill
through the trees and against the lightening sky. The sun was rising and that seemed to worry
the figures, because they spurred the ponies to quicken again.

 

***

 

The next day amounted to my third day of knowing Bilbo. It also brought my total up to three
nights of sleeping restlessly, my kip peppered with dreams of shaky understanding and
varying content. I was desperate for answers. So, when we had returned home after a day of
gardening, I plucked up the courage to speak to Bilbo about my dreams as we were settling
down to read in the evening.

"Bilbo?"

"Hmm?" He hummed, turning a page in his copy of the accounts of a war years ago by some
Elf. I hadn't been paying much attention as we chose our books and sat down, in fact the thin
book I'd chosen was one I had already read the previous evening.

"Do you dream? No, I'm sorry. Do you…well, I mean…when—when you dream," I began,
stuttering, my tone of voice half questioning and half pleading for an answer already.

He watched me, peering at me from above his book, the firelight casting half his face in
shadow.

"Yes?" he asked, putting his book down onto his lap, a finger keeping his place.

I sighed, closing my eyes to steady myself.

"I had a dream yesterday…and well, I've had dreams like this since I woke up in that field.
They're different…real. Well, I—I don't know if they are real, but it…they feel real. So real
that it's scary." I watched for his reaction, but he didn't react beyond pursing his lips slightly.
"How can I tell if it's my dream?" I continued in one quick breath. "A work of my own
imagination, or, or if it's something more?"



"More how?" He inquired, tone measured and thoughtful.

"I mean…they will happen…sometimes are happening as I'm dreaming," I explained. "I don't
know how I know that, I just—I just…do."

Book completely forgotten, Bilbo now stared at me with wide eyes.

"Are," he cleared his throat when his voice came out at a slightly higher pitch that normal.
"Are you telling me that you're having…prophetic dreams?"

"I don't know. What are those?"

"Dreams of the future, of events that will one day come to pass," he explained.

"Not quite," I admitted, biting my lip. "I—I have had dreams of the past too."

Bilbo dropped his book, it slipped from his hands to the floor with a thud. I watched it fall
and stared at it's shambled landing.

"The past?" He croaked, looking winded.

I nodded, concerned.

"Yes," I admitted. "Years in the past, sometimes hundreds, or thousands of years. I cannot
recall knowing the events before my memory loss, but I just know that they have occurred."

"Events?" He pressed. "Such as?"

I thought for a moment, recalling one in particular that had woken me last night in a fit of
near hysteria.

"The most vivid, which I had last night, was of a battle. There was a terrible mountain
spewing fire and ash that loomed over us all…and the Elves were fighting alongside Men
against someone called Sauron."

He gaped at me. "You dreamt about the battle of Dagorlad…that was nearly four hundred
years ago! Are you sure you haven't read it somewhere, and then dreamt about it? I have a
few books on it, maybe you saw those?"

I shook my head. "No, no I—I haven't read about it, I…" Swallowing, I closed my eyes and
tried to remember the dream. "It was like I was in the centre of the battle, right in the midst of
it. I could feel the heat of bodies pressed against mine, the smell of sweat and blood…see so
much death…feel it almost. A solider called out for reinforcements, then, then I could see a
fight between a Man and a creature of," I shivered. "Pure evil, he stank of it. He had a
demonic helm on, the metal looked like teeth, it was frightful…"

Bilbo went very, very quiet. When I opened my eyes, he was a shade or two paler than he had
been before.

"Is, is that abnormal?" I tentatively asked.



He let out what I can only describe as a shocked bark of laughter, which he immediately
quelled and wriggled his nose in that funny little way of his.

"Sorry, sorry that was rude of me," he apologised.

"It's all right."

He shook his head. "No, no, it isn't. You just shocked me."

"So, it's not normal?"

He shook his head. "No, no my dear it is not normal."

We sat for a moment, each of us staring into the fire as it popped and cracked. It felt like I'd
both learnt, and lost something. A feeling of emptiness sat in my breast, and I wasn't sure
where it came from or how to fix it.

"Is there something wrong with me?"

"No!" He was quick to shout, making me jump. "No, please don't think that," Bilbo continued
in a more sedate tone. "There is nothing wrong with you."

"But then why am I seeing these things?"

"That I don't know," he admitted. "But what I do know is that not every question has an
answer. At least, no answer right now."

"But when?"

He shrugged, helpless. "I don't know, I'm afraid. But, I am sure that we will find out. In the
mean time, would you like to talk more about these dreams?"

"I think I would, thank you."

I proceeded to tell him everything. From my first dream to the nightmare that had gripped me
in terror only this morning. Throughout it all Bilbo tried to maintain a steady act of
nonchalance, but occasionally he would twitch, sigh or cringe at my words. Once he even
gasped in shock, causing me to halt speaking until he ushered me on. And while he couldn't
shed much light on the content or context of all of my dreams, he lent a sympathetic ear for
which I was most grateful.

 

***

 

On my fourth day in Hobbiton, breakfast was yet another grand affair. I'd come to the
conclusion that Bilbo had never eaten this extravagantly whilst alone, given the sheer volume



of food and how little he ate in comparison at mealtimes. It had also occurred to me that he
was most certainly trying to make sure I never went with too little food.

He'd gone to the bakery (Mrs Proudfoot operated one from her front garden during spring and
summer, retreating back into her own kitchen in fall and winter) early, I knew this because
the small buns he'd purchased were still warm. He had obviously paid attention to my love of
warm bread and melting butter for the butter dish had been placed nearer to my side of the
table than his, rather conveniently near to my plate. There was also a pot of cream with a
thick yellow top on it, blackberry jam, honey, and a pitcher of strongly scented coffee.
Which, Bilbo informed me, was an acquired taste. I found I didn't like the bitterness, but once
I'd added some of the runny cream and a teaspoon of honey, I liked this new drink. Spread
out on the table there was also fresh baked scones, again from Mrs Proudfoot, along with
baked apples, fried eggs, and crisp, crumbling bacon. 

We settled into easy conversation about Bilbo's plans with the garden as we served ourselves.
Both agreeing, nonverbally, to leave the topic of last night's conversation in the past. He
planned to move some fledgling flowers into his flower beds, but was having an ongoing
debate with Hamfast about how best to accomplish this. While I didn't know much about
gardening, I had to admit that, with Hamfast's profession being solely to the wellbeing of
plants, I had to concede that he would know more than Bilbo.

"But he transplants them too quickly!" Bilbo argued, gesturing with his fork in a vague
direction down the road to Hamfast's home.

"I'm sure Hamfast knows what he is doing," I countered, pouring myself a second cup of
coffee and adjusting it to my tastes. "I doubt he would suggest something that would damage
your flowers, Bilbo."

I had learnt yesterday while we were tending to his herb row, that Hamfast had begun
gardening after tiring of working alongside his father and brothers as Ropers. As Bilbo tells
it, Hamfast was wandering down towards The Green Dragon when he spotted Bell, who up
until then he had only known in passing, potting poppies in her garden. Hamfast was, as
Bilbo put it: "A goner," after that and had pursued Bell for all he was worth. He took up
gardening as a way to spend more time with her, and the two have been together ever since.

Bilbo made a grumbling answer, too quiet for me to hear. He made quick work of his last
piece of bacon before taking a scone and smearing it with cream and blackberry jam.

"You know, Bilbo," I began, eyeing his plate as the scone began to disappear. "When we're
gardening, why don't you ask Hamfast if we could move half of the plants? That way you can
see if potting them works?"

More interested in finishing his scone, Bilbo hummed in answer, before beginning to serve
himself a baked apple and another mug of coffee. Hunger had won over our conversation this
morning. I sighed and returned to my own cup, deciding I liked the bitter flavour when paired
with honey and cream. Over the last day or two, I'd started to use the same mug, rather than
whatever was easiest to grab from the shelf. Bilbo too, had a preferred mug, but was content
to use different ones should his favourite be out of reach or in need of washing up.



I had first spied my favourite in the cabinet, sitting on the middle shelf at the back, a short,
stout mug, of deep green flecked with brown and black. The colour of imperfections in the
baking of the clay, Bilbo told me when I inquired. Yet, to me, they weren't imperfect
discolourations, but marks of character that made the mug whole.

"We should think about getting to Bree sometime next week," Bilbo said, breaking our
silence.

All the walking we were doing had given me sore, cracked skin on my feet. Hilda had seen
yesterday when we passed her in the market and given me a topical ointment for them, but it
was a patch up job, she'd said.

"What you really need are shoes," she had informed me, motherly.

Bilbo had been quick to reassure her he could see to my needs just fine, but Hilda hadn't been
impressed. Bilbo told me there was a cobblers in Bree, the town upriver. But it was far to
travel by foot and he reminded Hilda that I was recovering, and to travel so far would go
against her wishes for me to be cautious. She had agreed.

"You think I'll be up to the walk?"

He nodded. "Oh yes, we won't make a day of it. I can procure us a couple of rooms at The
Prancing Pony so we can rest, if need be."

 

***

 

Gardening at Bag End was something of a novelty as while Bilbo had hired Hamfast as his
gardener, Bilbo still had trouble agreeing with every suggestion Hamfast had. They
discussed, at length, the usefulness of potting the heather to move it to another flower bed
rather than just moving it straight over. My suggestion of moving half of the plants was
forgotten.

While Hamfast explained, again, the usefulness of potting, allowing time to ready the flower
bed for planting, Bilbo was steadfast in transferring the plants directly. Adamant he knew
what he wanted, but would proceed to change his mind time and again whenever they began
planting anything into the ground and not a pot.

We ended the day with potted plants all over the garden, much to mine and Hamfast's shared
amusement. After a glass of fresh lemonade and bread with the apple jam Bilbo and I had
made the day before, Bilbo had invited Hamfast to join us for dinner, and he was more than
happy to accept. Though, we had to remind him to go back to Bell and that it would still be a
few hours until dinner was ready to be eaten. I extended the invite to his wife as well,
knowing she would appreciate the break from cooking, and I was eager to meet her. I knew
many Hobbits now, but was only in regular contact with Hilda, Daisy, Dinodas and Hamfast
outside of Bilbo.



Hamfast left with a wide grin and a fist full of yellow daisies, Bell's favourite flower.

I was in the process of making a pot of tea when Bilbo came in for the day, also with a bunch
of flowers in hand. He fussed with the pots after Hamfast had left, so I had gone back into the
house and left him to it. He knew was he was trying to accomplish, and I would only get in
the way.

"Here, what do you think?" he asked, laying the flowers on the table. "Thought we could use
some colour in the parlour."

He fetched a clay vase from the cupboard next to the sink, but I couldn't stop looking at the
flowers. Roses, bright sunset orange and fragrant. Beautiful and so familiar, like that creeping
sense of knowing a persons face but not knowing where from.

"Roses," I whispered, searching in my weakened memory for the recognition. What was the
significance of them? Why did their presence tug at my mind so? 

"Yes, they are, well remembered," Bilbo praised, filling the vase with water, not noticing my
struggle to grasp at something I couldn't quite remember. "Beautiful aren't they? One of my
favourite flowers, but they have to be a particular colour and variety."

Hamfast and Bilbo were very thorough in their teaching of me. I knew near enough all the
names of the flowers, plants and vegetables in Bilbo's garden. But these roses, they stuck
with me for a reason that caused my heart to beat erratically.

"Here," a jolly, gruff voice called. "A rose for my Rosalyn!"

"Rosalyn," I stuttered, gasping in shock. My head hurt as voices I didn't know or recognise
started calling, shouting, laughing the name in memories that appeared and vanished too
quickly for me to grab onto them. But it was the first that stuck with me. Male, older
sounding, cheerful, maybe a relative?

It couldn't be that easy, could it? I had waited so long, and now to know my name because of
something so trivial, so run-of-the-mill, felt anticlimactic. And it felt right. Like coming back
to the hearth after a long day spent out in the bitter cold.

"My name is Rosalyn," my words came in a rushed whisper.

Bilbo almost dropped the vase.

"What?" He croaked, eyes wide with panic.

I stood and rushed to him, frantic with happiness.

"My name is Rosalyn!" I cried, jumping, unable to contain my glee. "Bilbo! I remember my
name! Rosalyn! Rosalyn! I am Rosalyn!"

He was flabbergasted, scrambling to put the vase on the table before he dropped it or I
knocked it from his hands.



"What? But…how?"

"I don't know! But that's my name!"

He frowned. "Are you sure?"

I stopped jumping, put out that he wasn't as happy as I was.

"Of course I'm sure!" I rebuked him, feeling stung.

"Well, pardon me, but you could have just remembered anyone's name!" He argued,
flustered.

I stamped my foot, upset he'd write off my epiphany so easily, rather than believe me. He
believed me when I told him I had dreams of the future and past, so why was this so hard to
believe? 

"It's mine!" I declared, cross. "I know my own name!"

He waved his hands at me, trying to deflect my anger. "All right, all right!" He muttered
something under his breath about my likeness to Daisy, but I hadn't a care.

My name. I knew my name! I wasn't this nameless thing anymore, I had a name. Surely now
more would come back to me? Such a crucial piece of information, of my being, would not
be all I recalled. It couldn't be.

"Do you think this could help me find my family?" I asked Bilbo and he sat me down and
began to place the roses into the vase. He was frowning so deep, I wondered if he would
contradict me again.

"Do you remember your family name?" He asked, tentative. "Or a Dwarven clan?"

I thought hard for a moment, but then crumpled back into my chair, my excitement gone in
an instant.

"No," I admitted, realising that I was no nearer finding my family than I had been before
remembering. "No, just Rosalyn, nothing else."

My discovery was overshadowed, I was no nearer to knowing what had happened to me.
Bilbo came over to sit beside me, sighing.

"Do you want to rescind our dinner invitation to Hamfast and Bell until you've recovered?"
He asked, placing a hand over my own where they were clasped in my lap.

"Recovered?" I repeated, then, realising what he meant I shook my head and rose to my feet.
"No, no, I'm fine. I'm fine, Bilbo. There's nothing to recover from."

He remained seated. "Are you sure?"



"Quite sure," I retorted, adamant, pushing away the empty feeling and trying to smile as I had
been before. "We invited our friends and we'll see it through. But first, I want to go and tell
Daisy."

Bilbo smiled and nodded. "Go on, I'll begin preparations. I'm sure she'll be thrilled to hear."

I ran the whole way there and when Hilda greeted me at the door, I blurted the news out to
her. She'd beamed and embraced me, laughing and smiling. When I was in the kitchen with
them all, I repeated my news. Daisy was thrilled, so much so, she hugged and held onto me
while her mother and father congratulated me. While I was there with them, I felt right. Not
entirely whole, but as if there were less cracks in my skin than there had been before. As if I
were mending.

 

***

 

Later, when Bilbo opened the door for Hamfast and Bell, I was sure I was seeing things.
Hamfast was no different than he had been hours before in the garden, but Bell. She was a
stunning beauty of warm grace. With large, soulful brown eyes and dimpled cheeks, her
entire face showed her emotions as if painted upon her skin. How one being could possibly
encapsulate the meaning of the word 'cosy,' I did not know, but Bell Gamgee did.

"Bell, Hamfast," Bilbo began after inviting them in and taking their coats. Had I been
standing around staring at Bell all this time? If I had been, that was very embarrassing. "May
I introduce, Rosalyn."

Hamfast beamed at me. "You remembered your name, miss?"

I nodded, finally taking my eyes off of his wife. Feeling again that whole sensation when I'd
told Daisy, Hilda and Dinodas.

"Yes, at long last."

"Oh, that's wonderful!" Bell enthused, cheeks lifting as she smiled wide enough to show off
her straight teeth and pale rose fleshed lips. "Hamfast has told me so much about you, my
dear! I'm so happy for you!"

She scooped me into a tight embrace.

"Oh!"

I was squashed into her chestnut curls and the smell of rosemary. Not something I would ever
need to complain about. It felt like Hilda's hug, warm and comforting.

"You might want to let her take a breath there, my love," Hamfast chortled.



Bell released me from her embrace but she kept a friendly arm around my back. She pursed
her lips at her husband and his laughter came to a swift halt.

"Now," Bell said, turning back to me. "I can't wait to hear about what you've been getting up
to. Hamfast tells me you've taken to gardening like a flower to root!"

"Oh, well, I wouldn't say that." Flustered, I tried to duck from the compliment as my cheeks
heated.

"Nonsense!" Crowed Bilbo. "Hamfast's right, and he'd be the one Hobbit to know."

We moved into the parlour and nibbled on salted crackers whilst the stew bubbled in the
kitchen. Bilbo would scurry off to tend to the food at irregular intervals whilst we talked to
our guests. But I kept sniffing for signs of burning. The first time he'd left, I'd felt out of place
all of a sudden. As if time had rewound and I was once again sat in his parlour for the first
time, waiting to see if his wife would shoo me back out into the cold.

But Bell and Hamfast kept my attentions diverted with well-developed skill. They asked
about my time with Hilda and Daisy. The latter apparently had developed a renown around
the Shire for betting large amounts of sweets in card games. No one knew where she had
gotten this talent, but Bell suspected Hilda had been secretly improving her own ability in
games and teaching her daughter at the same time.

"Hilda was never one for card games as children," she informed me, and I cherished the tidbit
of information like a nugget of gold. "So for Daisy to suddenly be a protégé is confusing to
say the least."

Hamfast had chuckled. "Maybe the talent skipped a generation?"

Bilbo reentered the parlour at that point and began to laugh. He explained that he wouldn't be
surprised if that were the case, as many other things had skipped a generation in Dinodas'
line. When Hamfast and Bell laughed, I had the feeling I was missing a previous joke they
had all shared, but I didn't ask about it.

Dinner was an entire feast. If we had a couple more meals like this, I'm sure my figure would
be forever as round as Aladgrim Took's. Bilbo had prepared a rich rabbit stew with crusty
bread, and braised red cabbage. When it came to cooking on the fire and with the griddle pan,
I was still a novice. My contributions were the mounds of buttery mashed potatoes, with
honey sweetened roasted carrots and parsnips.

Bilbo unearthed a jug of decadent red wine and a sweeter, elderflower wine which he placed
beside me at the beginning of the night and after I sampled the red wine, the other did not
move from its place. By the time desert was served, my head felt full of fabric stuffing and
my extremities were warm and tingling. Desert was bread and butter pudding, which was
creamy, nutmeg and cinnamon scented goodness, dotted with plump currents. Served with a
healthy glug of sweetened cream.

We all sat down in the parlour with mugs of mint tea afterwards and I could hardly bare the
thought of moving, I was so full and sleepy. But it was a good full, a healthy full. It made me



feel loved, and at home. Food has a wonderful way of comforting a person, I was finding.

No wonder Hobbits ate so much of it.

Chapter End Notes

Thank you for reading, and to all of you who left kudos: I adore you! Thank you also to
those who commented and bookmarked, it means a lot to me that you're enjoying my
little story.

And to you, the reader, every reader, thank you.

Take care of yourselves and one another, love x



Chapter 5: The Arrival
Chapter Summary

Bag End receives visitors.

Chapter Notes

Hello! Something a little different, we're going to now start to go between different
perspectives. It was something I if'd and are'd about, but I think it works to give you the
best overview of events. Hope I did Bilbo justice!

Disclaimer: I own nothing but original character and my original storyline for her. The
Hobbit, LOTR, and other subsequent works belong to the Tolkien estate. All creative
output by Peter Jackson, his interpretation, and movies belong to him and the relevant
parties, including the actors interpretations and their acting choices.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Bilbo

 

After his strange encounter with Gandalf the Grey, someone Bilbo had not thought to see so
much later into his years given the fact that the Wizard had been old when Bilbo was himself
a child, Bilbo had decided to go about his business as usual…but perhaps with a small
amount of added caution.

He didn’t want talk of adventures to be following him around, as it gives one, especially a
son of a Took, a bad reputation. So, he walked into the market with food on his mind. They
would have fish for dinner, bream, he decided. Rose would like that. 

Thinking on his companion, Bilbo smiled, recalling her frantic joy upon remembering her
name. He’d spoken to Dinodas this morning, walking into the market, and his cousin had
remarked how odd a coincidence it was that Daisy named her Flower. 

Speaking of his littlest cousin, Bilbo could have sworn he could hear her laughter from the
other side of the lake. Sure enough, he looked, hand covering his eyes against the
midmorning glare, and saw Daisy dragging Rosalyn along behind her. Hilda was way behind
them, chatting with Asphodel Brandybuck. He realised that they must be on their way to pick
flowers, or look for frogs, or something equally as entertaining to Daisy, as she was the one



leading their little expedition. Satisfied that Rosalyn was in good hands, he turned back to his
shopping, ruminating all the while. 

His days spent in Rosalyn’s company were vastly better than those he’d previously spent
alone. Though the sweet peaceful solitude of bachelor lifestyle called to him, he had begun to
see the perks of married life. He had entertained the thought of matrimony with Rosalyn in
mind a day or two ago, but came to the swift conclusion that while their marriage would be
the sweet, comforting sort of wedded bliss, he could never refuse Rosalyn the chance to find
someone she loved. For, while he was certain his own feelings for her were in the realm of
love, he was sure it wasn’t romantic. 

Though, he had to admit, his life had certainly brightened since her arrival. 

He had come from the fish stall when Mister Worrywart caught sight of him. 

“Hello, Mister Bilbo! Here, have a feel of me tubers,” Mister Worrywart said in leu of a
normal greeting. The farmer had known Bilbo since he was a wee tot and therefore ignored
social convention when trying to sell to the young bachelor. “Nice and firm they are. Just
come in from West Farthing. I’ll have your order ready by tomorrow, no fear.” 

“Very impressive, Mister Worrywart,” Bilbo praised, for the tubers were of a very high
quality. But Bilbo had other matters on his mind. “Thank you. Now, I don’t suppose you’ve
seen a wizard lurking around these parts, have you?” 

Farmer Worrywart crossed his arms, taking on a serious air as he thought aloud, and in doing
so completely missing Bilbo’s ducking behind him to hide from what he thought was the
Wizard in question walking between the stalls. 

“Tall fellow,” the farmer began, trying to remember what a Wizard looked like. As the only
Wizard the Hobbits of Hobbiton had ever seen was Gandalf the Grey, that was the very
Wizard Mister Worrywart was trying to conjure an image of. “Long grey beard, tall pointy
hat? No, can’t say that I have.” 

Meanwhile, Bilbo had skulked to the bridge, hoping the Wizard hadn’t seen him, but turned
to see that the grey hat he thought he had seen was in fact a grey cushion piled atop a stack of
crates. Shoulders sagging, Bilbo sighed, partly in relief and partly out of frustration. 

“Mister Bilbo?” Mister Worrywart called, still standing by his cart and regarding the Baggins
heir with concern as he startled from his thoughts. 

“Sorry, sorry, never mind,” Bilbo placated, waving a soothing hand as he stood from his
awkward crouch. 

“How, er, how is Miss Rosalyn?” Mister Worrywart asked, still eyeing Bilbo. 

Bilbo smiled, happy for the deviation of his peculiar behaviour, and unsurprised to hear that
Daisy had made the rounds informing all of Hobbiton about Rosalyn’s recollection. 

“Fine, she’s fine. Thank you for asking.” 



“Good, good,” the farmer ruminated, and nodded absently. “Is she waiting for you at Bag
End?”

“No, no, she’s out with Hilda, Asphodel and Daisy until lunch.” 

“Hmm,” Mister Worrywart hummed, his bushy eyebrows coming to form a line across his
brow as he watched Bilbo. “And er, has she seen this Wizard as well?” 

Bilbo barely felt polite enough to dignify that with an answer. 

 

***

 

The rest of the time Bilbo was in the market, he felt this unwavering sensation of urgency. As
if the shadow of the Wizard was lingering directly behind him and ushering him along. 

He hurried home, remembering that Rose did not yet have a key, having refused to get one
cut for herself.

“I’m merely a guest,” she had insisted, much to his annoyance. 

He had tried, multiple times, to reassure her that she was not only welcome in Bag End, but
he considered her a permanent addition. She didn’t have an ounce of confidence in her self
worth. It often plagued Bilbo that, because of her memory loss, she might never regain who
she was beforehand. Both in memory, and in spirit. He had, of course, had a key cut anyway
and had hidden it in the eaves above his front door, but she did not know and so would be
locked out if she were to return before him. 

Once home, he shut the door behind himself, then, after a moments deliberation, turned back
and locked it. He was not having a Wizard walk into his house unannounced, he decided,
he’d just have to listen out for Rose’s return. 

 

***

 

Rosalyn

 

The market had been just as busy as the days previous, but now, armed with my name, I felt
shielded from the masses. It was an awkward comfort, to know my name but to still not
understand who I was. 



Bilbo had insisted only an hour or so before at breakfast that I was welcome to stay as long as
I liked in Bag End. When I had attempted to tentatively approach the idea of my leaving in
search of answers, he’d pursed his lips and developed a unsureness in his eyes. Clearly, the
idea of me leaving Bag End, armed only with dream visions and my name, unnerved him. 

That said, I was beginning to grow uneasy myself. The visions, now that I knew what they
were, terrified me. Why was I seeing these things? For what purpose? Did I have them before
my memory loss? The implications of them were unimaginable, far more than my damaged
mind could comprehend. I knew, logically, that the day might never come when I understand
what I am going through, or why. The thought drew a cold feeling in my breast, as if a weight
of ice sat over me. 

“What’cha looking at, Rosie?” Daisy asked, nose up as she scrutinised the wares. 

She had popped up at my elbow while I was admiring some broaches at Asphodel’s stall.
After I had told her my real name, she hadn’t been upset that her moniker for me was now
obsolete, rather she immediately began to think of a nickname to use. Hilda had confided in
me last night that her daughter took pride in using nicknames to those closest to her. Apart
from Bilbo, because she had once attempted to call him ‘Billy,’ but Bilbo had adamantly
refused to answer her if she did so. 

“This broach,” I told her and held it up for her to see. She hummed, but wasn’t interested. 

Asphodel’s mother, Alyssum, turned to tend to another customer while we looked over her
pretty trinkets. 

“Mama wanted to know if you were all right,” Daisy whispered.

I had gone to see them early this morning, eager to have the stitches removed at last. Hilda
had said that it wouldn’t take long and I was determined to have them removed as soon as
possible. While painful, I was relieved to be free of them. My scalp still ached, and she’d
advised that I pin up my hair in such a way that it didn’t pull on the still healing wound. It
had lead to an impromptu lesson on hair braiding. It had been an enlightening experience to
say the least. 

“I’m fine,” I reassured her. 

But Daisy’s face clouded. She frowned up at me.

“What is it?”

“When grown ups say they’re fine, they don’t really mean it,” she said. “They think children
don’t understand. But I do. You’re lying.” 

Shamefaced, I floundered. What could I say to that? I suppose, I could only tell her the truth,
though watered down.

“No, I’m not fine,” I admitted. “But I will be, in time.”



Her earnest eyes watched me, looking for another lie, I suppose.  Then, she nodded, and
grabbed my hand. 

“Good, come on,” she ushered me, tugging me away from the stall.

I managed to pluck my basket up before she pulled me too far, bidding Alyssum goodbye. 

“Where are we going?” I asked.

“On an adventure!”

“Where to?”

She shrugged her small shoulders. “Anywhere.” 

 

***

 

I was coming back from the bakery, having promised Bilbo I would fetch us a slice of carrot
cake for after supper, when I happened upon a tall, grey clothed Man walking from the top of
the hill. 

“Hello,” I greeted him, a little startled by the Man’s appearance in Hobbiton. He was the first
I had met and now I understood everything Bilbo had told me about the race of Men. 

While I knew, from reading and Bilbo’s explanations, that Hobbits and Dwarves are shorter
than the majority of the inhabitants of Middle Earth, there was a vast difference in hearing the
fact, and seeing the truth. The Man towered over me, his staff the height of me three times
over. He seemed to sense my hesitation and smiled. Soft lines appeared above his long grey
beard and under the brim of his large, pointed grey hat that gave him a kindly appearance. 

“Hello, my dear,” he greeted back. 

What do you say to a Man? One who was so obviously not a local. Was he lost? 

“Can I help you at all, sir?”

He looked warmed by my offer of aid.

“No, I was just visiting an old friend,” he assured me. “However I must say that I am very
surprised to see a young Dwarrowdam in Hobbiton.” There was a question in his tone, a quiet
curiosity. 

I felt my cheeks flush at my own forgetfulness. 

He would have noticed right away that I wasn’t a Hobbit. Bilbo had seen that almost
immediately, of course this Man would. I had gotten used to those in Hobbiton treating me no



differently than they would each other, with no inclination as to my other race. Bilbo had
been right, the Hobbits were all too happy that there was another to bring into their families
to worry about my mixed blood. There were still some glances down to my feet, but no one
said anything to me. If anything, the Hobbits were growing more daring. Even now, on my
quick journey to the bakery, I had been offered the hand of three eligible Hobbits. Only one
was a repeat proposal. 

“I can see how that might be confusing, sir,” I admitted, starting to hate that my heritage
would always raise questions. 

“Not confusing my dear, intriguing,” the Man assured me as he smiled. “I apologise, my
name is Gandalf, Gandalf the Grey.”

I smiled back at the Man, he seemed kindly and gentle, despite his enormous stature. If other
Men were like him, perhaps the world outside of Hobbiton wasn’t as scary as I was
imagining? Though, I could see one inconvenience, speaking to Gandalf I found I had to tilt
my head up quite far to meet his eyes. Continuing might cause considerable neck pain. 

“My name is Rosalyn, it is a pleasure to meet you mister Gandalf,” I said, embracing the
opportunity to have a conversation with someone new. 

The only people I’d spoken to since waking in the field where Hobbits. I even remembered to
curtsey as Bilbo had taught me. He’d tried to instil in me some manners, as he felt I was
lacking a certain politeness. Secretly, I thought it was a load of hogwash, but Daisy and I had
had fun mocking the exaggerated curtsey for some time afterwards. 

“The pleasure is all mine Miss Rosalyn.” Gandalf tipped his head politely as he spoke. 

I was glad that he didn’t ask after my family name. 

“Do you need directions, sir?”

He shook his head, already looking out over towards The Green Dragon. 

“No, no, I think I will be fine Miss Rosalyn, but thank you for your concern.” 

“Then, I’ll bid you goodbye, I’m afraid I’m rather late for lunch.”

He chuckled. “Goodbye Miss Rosalyn, I am sure I’ll be seeing you again.” 

Watching the Wizard leave, I felt the slightest unease that he would be back, and a sense of
thrill at the same time. 

 

***

 



As I walked towards the door, something caught my eye. It was the tiniest flicker of light,
like the reflection from a moving lantern on a mirror, but it came from the wooden door. I
stopped for a moment, watching the wood carefully, but no other light appeared. 

Curious. 

Also curious: the door was locked. 

“Bilbo?” I called, knocking on the door.

He opened it, looking very flustered. Ushered me in with fluttering hands, poking his head
back out into the daylight to look around suspiciously before quickly shoving the door shut
and locking it again. 

“Bilbo, why was the door locked?” I asked, taking off the cloak and placing my basket on the
floor out of the way of his pacing feet. “What’s happened?”

“Rose!” He clamoured, as if he had only just recognised it was me who had come through the
door. I now noticed that his face was red and the curls on top of his head were fluffed in
agitation. He must have been running his hands through it. “You will not believe that has
happened!” 

He sounded angry and I wondered if he had had another altercation with Aldagrim Took. The
two had taken to avoiding one another, but when Bilbo had gone to tell Hildagrim about
Aldagrim’s drinking, an argument had ensued. Aldagrim had been stripped of his title of
Bounder, and he had taken to festering in his anger ever since. 

“Oh?” 

“I had a visitor, Gandalf the Grey,” Bilbo started to explain. “I haven’t seen him since I was
young.”

“Gandalf? I ran into him at the bottom of the hill just now, lovely Man.”

“Lovely?” Bilbo scoffed but then froze, eyes wide. “At the bottom of the hill? Just now?”

I nodded, hanging up the cloak as I watched him. He looked as if he were on the verge of
bursting into tears or fuming anger. 

“That’s what I said. Bilbo, are you feeling all right?”

“Hmm? Yes, yes, yes, fine, fine.” 

I raised an eyebrow at his dithering answer and wringing hands. At this moment, Bilbo was
anything but ‘fine’. 

“Perhaps we ought to sit down?” I prompted, retrieving my basket and leading the way into
the kitchen. 

Bilbo followed me, but I could hear him muttering behind my back. 



 

***

 

After a long winded explanation of who Gandalf was and how Bilbo came to know him, it
had taken many cups of tea to calm Bilbo’s nerves. We contented ourselves that the Wizard’s
arrival had been a chance thing, and we settled back into our established routine. We had just
sat down to our rather modest dinner of whole roasted bream, with boiled potatoes and
carrots with a sprig of parsley fresh from Bilbo’s garden when the door bell rang. 

Bilbo looked up from where he had been happily dousing his fish in lemon juice with a
petulant frown on his face. 

“I wonder who that could be at this hour?” I asked, leaning towards the circular window, but I
couldn’t see anything. 

He shrugged, looking put out by the distraction from his supper. I laughed, promising to keep
it warm by the fire while he answered the door. 

He huffed and mumbled under his breath, “Anyone would think it was her home, not mine.” 

“Anyone would, if they saw how messy you really were!” I retorted, laughing. 

He just grumbled again, though now looking more amused than annoyed as he stood and left
the kitchen. I did as promised and moved his plate to the warming ledge by the fire. The heat
let the scent of lemon fill the room. 

I could hear the murmur of voices, both deep and male. Perhaps it was Hamfast? Had he
forgotten his gloves or shears in the garden again? No, if it was, Bilbo would have invited
him in for a bite to eat, or at the very least some tea by now. Though Hamfast was married, it
was a new marriage, and he often forgot he had his own supper to go home to, so he often
took Bilbo up on the offer of joining him for meals. Much to Bilbo’s pleasure for company
and much to Bell’s disgruntlement and annoyance at a wasted meal. I had half a mind to offer
her my own company the next time Hamfast agreed to dine with Bilbo. 

When I heard Bilbo’s approaching footsteps I took the plate from beside the hearth and
placed it back on the table. Bilbo came back into the kitchen with a large figure following
him. 

One who was assuredly not Hamfast Gamgee. 

“I’ve actually just served supper,” Bilbo said, a note of nervousness in his voice. 

They both entered, the taller figure suddenly stopping when he spotted me, wild eyebrows
raising on the smooth skin of his forehead. 

“You dinna’ tell me you had company.” His voice gruff, his tone shocked, and his accent one
I didn’t know. 



“Oh, yes, yes,” Bilbo suddenly startled out of his own shock, looking a little annoyed at his
lack of manners, though if it were his own or the strangers which irritated him more I could
not say. “This is Rosalyn.”

The person I now recognised as neither being a Hobbit nor a Man, bowed to me. 

“Dwalin, at ya service, Miss Rosalyn,” he greeted, while his eyes cast down my frame
quickly, as if cementing in his mind that he was really seeing me and not imaging my
presence. “Forgive me fa askin’, but why is a Dwarrowdam living with a Hobbit? Where is
ya family? Ya chaperone?” 

“Ah,” I began, sharing a nervous glance with Bilbo who stood awkwardly, as if waiting for
Dwalin to turn his questioning to him. “Um, well it’s a long story.” 

Dwalin chuckled, surprisingly, an easy smile blossoming on his pale thin lips. 

“I’ve got time lass, how bout we talk over supper?”

“Oh!” I shared a startled look with Bilbo, had he invited this stranger to eat with us? “All-all
right, then.” 

“Bream!” Dwalin exclaimed when he saw the plates on the table. “Ya have good taste Master
Baggins.” 

Bilbo couldn’t help but flush at the compliment, however, it was very quickly banished from
his cheeks when Dwalin sat himself in Bilbo’s chair and began to dig heartily into what had
previously been Bilbo’s supper. It appeared he had not invited Dawlin to supper. 

After a pause of pure surprise, I took this moment to turn to Bilbo, taking hold of the teapot
to pour us all a cup of tea. 

“Bilbo, is that a Dwarf?” I questioned under my breath, pouring into a fresh mug for Dwalin,
who was ignoring us and seemed to only have eyes for Bilbo’s food.

“Yes, yes it is,” he nodded, muttering distractedly, his fingers twitching. “I will have to
convince him that he’s in the wrong house, yes, yes, that’s it. A misunderstanding, of
course.” 

He was planning to get rid of Dwalin? 

“But Bilbo, he’s a Dwarf!”

Bilbo blinked and then it seemed my words finally made their way through his head, for his
face cleared as his mouth gaped. It looked as though he were struggling to explain the sudden
appearance of a Dwarf in his house after another had cropped up only a week previous, and
coming up entirely blank. Bilbo was attracting all sorts of peculiarities, first a Dwarrowdam
without a memory, then a Wizard seeking help on a quest, and now a Dwarf with what looked
to be a bottomless stomach. 



Sighing, I gave the mug of tea to Dwalin who thanked me and took a long drink before
adding a spoonful of honey and topping up the mug with tea once more. 

“So lass, what’s this story o’ yours?” He asked, placing the mug back upon the table after
another sip, and taking a smaller bite of carrot and potato, waiting for me to explain with
focused blue eyes. 

“Well,” I began, swallowing as I felt a rise of nerves. Despite him being a stranger, he was a
Dwarf. He was my kin. Surely he could help me? “I’ve been here for a week, I woke up in a
field not far from the village.”

Dwalin frowned, stopping mid-chew. “Woke up?” 

I nodded, forcing myself to take a sip of tea to hide my nervously twitching cheek. 

“Yes, I was alone, with no one around me and…and with no memory, at all. I didn’t even
know my name.”

Dwalin was so shocked that he stopped eating all together, something I knew must have taken
him a great deal to achieve, given his earlier gusto. 

“You’re pulling me leg, aren’t ya?”

“No.”

He was silent for a moment more, now chewing slowly as he thought. He swallowed before
speaking again, leaning forward slightly in his chair. “No memory, at all? And you were all
alone?” 

I nodded.

He shook his head, wrinkling his nose in distaste. His giant fists clenched on the tabletop and
I got the sense of danger. Hair stood up at the back of my neck, but I fought to keep eye
contact with him. I didn’t get the feeling he was a bad person, just…capable of violence. 

“Whoever left you is a villain who should be caught and strung up by their toes for such a
crime,” he growled.  

“Crime?” Bilbo echoed, shifting on the balls of his feet, as he was still stood beside the table,
looking entirely too nervous to contemplate sitting down again. 

Dwalin nodded, his eyes dark under his bushy brows. 

“Aye, to leave a Dwarrowdam, as young as you are lass is punishable by arrest and time in
jail. Our dams are far too precious to be left without someone to care for ‘em. Not that they
aren’t able to handle themselves, a’course,” he was quick to reassure me, seeing the indignant
frown I was giving him. “But there are those in this world who would take advantage of a
young Dwarrowdam such as yourself.” 

I swallowed nervously. “You mean…?”



“I mean they would take you and you would never see the light of day again.” Dwalin was
nothing but serious as he spoke, his eyes unflinching from my own as he impressed upon me
the importance of his words, and the meanings behind them. 

My hands started to shake, suddenly my loss of memory meant more than the gaping hole
where my life once was, it was now the void of all the possible events that could have
befallen me. 

“How—how often does this happen?” 

Dwalin watched me for a moment, as if deciding if he should tell me the truth or not. 

“I’ve only known it ta happen twice,” he finally admitted softly. “Both times the
Dwarrowdams were taken durin’ a raid on a travellin’ party.” 

“And what happened to them?” I asked, leaning forward earnestly, desperately, needing to
know the answer as surely as I needed my next breath. “Did you find them again?” 

Bilbo was instantly at my side, placing a steady hand over my own that were trembling on the
table. 

“Rose, my dear, maybe it would be best not to know the answer to questions like that,” he
suggested, shooting Dwalin a look that told him to keep quiet until I made my mind up. “It
won’t help any, will it? And you should focus on now. You are safe, nothing will harm you
here and now.”

I sighed, leaning back in my chair and tried to force the shaking of my hands to stop, but they
still shook beneath Bilbo’s. 

“You’re right Bilbo,” I whispered, unable to raise my voice anymore as panic and desperate
hope swelled in my chest. “But, what if I am one of those Dwarrowdams?”

Dwalin looked uncomfortable by the suggestion, shifting in his seat while chewing on a bite
of fish, his thick moustache twitching from side to side. 

He grunted. “That’s not possible, lass.”

“Why not?”

“Because we found ‘em both,” he answered, avoiding my gaze.

“You did?” I grasped hold of the hope I could be reunited with my family once again with
both hands. “So, so my family could find me?”

Dwalin swallowed, as his eyes met mine reluctantly. “No, lass, it wasn’t like that…we, we
found ‘em both dead.”

Air escaped my lungs in a wheeze and I was dizzy and light headed. 

“Oh,” I gasped. 



“But,” Dwalin coughed, his voice a gruff growl. “As Master Baggins said, you’re safe now,
and that’s all that matters.” 

“Yes, I…I suppose you’re right,” I admitted, tucking a stray curl behind my ear.

Dwalin dropped his fish, staring at my ear with eyes wider than the dinner plate he was
currently bent over. 

“By my beard,” he whispered. “Lass? Am I seein’ things or did ya put something in the tea?” 

“Oh!” I realised what had captured his attention so avidly and felt a rush of unplaceable
embarrassment that shocked me. What did I have to be embarrassed about? 

“Oh, no, no there’s nothing in the tea,” I reassured him, watching his reaction carefully. I was
not unaware that HalfBlooded children were rare. Bilbo had told me as such, as well as Hilda
and the fact that I hadn’t yet met another like me proved this. “Umm, my ears, yes well,
Bilbo thinks that perhaps I am a half Dwarf, half Hobbit. He…he says I have Hobbit ears,
and well, that no Dwarf has hair as curly as I do.”

“Master Baggins would be right,” Dwalin agreed in a hushed voice, and swallowed with a
grimace. “Dwarf hair is corse by nature, too heavy for such curls. Perhaps, it may be best if
you covered your ear back up. This night may go more smoothly if so. The hair can be
overlooked, the ears cannot.”

“All right,” I agreed, wondering what he could mean while rearranging my hair. 

But before I could ask, Dwalin lent back in his chair and turned his head towards Bilbo, who
had moved to perch on a chair by the fire, hands clasped nervously between his thighs. 

“Very good this, Master Baggins, any more?” Dwalin asked, raising his voice a touch. 

It seemed that particular topic of conversation was over, at least for now. 

“More? Oh yes, yes,” Bilbo said, nodding with a vacant expression. It struck me then that he
hadn’t heard Dwalin’s comment about my ears, he’d been away with his thoughts. 

“Help yourself.” Bilbo hovered at Dwalin’s shoulder as he offered him a plate of scones.
“You know, not that we aren’t happy to have you, but it’s just that, umm, we weren’t
expecting company.” 

The door bell suddenly rang. 

“That’ll be the door,” Dwalin growled in amusement, a smile tugging at the corners of his
mouth as he plucked a scone from the plate. 

Bilbo gaped for a moment before good manners forced him to answer the door, abandoning
the plate of scones in the process. I turned to Dwalin with a cocked eyebrow. 

“Are you expecting company?” I asked, beginning to feel like there was something afoot. 



He grinned at me and stood from the table, pocketing a couple of scones and munching on
another. “Come on lass, let’s see who it is.”

I followed the large Dwarf, half feeling like I was about to scold him, and half like an
excitable child. He devoured the rest of the scones as we walked.

“Do you know who’s at the door?” I pushed. 

“Well, roughly.” He chuckled as we exited the kitchen. “Could be any of a number.”

A number? Just who was he expecting to follow? And why didn’t Bilbo know about them?

“Maybe we should go and see who it is?” I suggested, feeling suspicious at Dwalin’s words
and worried over Bilbo’s reaction to more unexpected guests, especially if it were more
Dwarves given his reaction to Dwalin. Perhaps it would be best if I was present to mediate?

Dwalin nodded, chuckling good naturedly. “Sounds fair lass, in any case, we’ve run outta
food!” 

 

***

 

Bilbo

 

Meanwhile, Bilbo answered the door again, half expecting it to be one of his neighbours
asking what a Dwarf was doing at his door so late at night. But his hopes were quickly
dashed when he saw another Dwarf stood in the doorway. However, this one was shorter,
rounder, with white hair and a long white beard. 

“Balin,” the Dwarf greeted with a kind smile. “At your service.”

Bilbo blinked. “Good evening.”

“Yes, yes it is. Though, I think it might rain later. Am I late?” The Dwarf, Balin, asked
calmly.

Bilbo could only frown. “Late for what?”

“Bilbo?” He heard Rose call from the sitting room. 

The white haired Dwarf looked towards the sound of the voice and smiled, stepping past him
and into the warm home without invitation. 

“Oh! Haha!” He laughed. “Evening, brother!”



Dwalin stopped his pillaging of the biscuit jar from the mantle to stare at this new Dwarf and
grinned in welcome. 

While the Dwarves were otherwise occupied, Bilbo took the opportunity to look outside,
searching left and right for any more unexpected visitors to pop out of nowhere. Nope, not
even the shine of anonymous eyes appeared in the undergrowth. Where on Middle Earth were
they coming from? Thin air? 

“Oh, ho, by my beard,” Dwalin chuckled. “You’re shorter and wider than last we met.”

The white haired Dwarf, Balin, laughed. “Shorter, not wider, still sharp enough for both of
us.”

They embraced, and then, with an almighty crack, smacked their heads together. Neither
seemed effected, rather, continuing to gaze at the other fondly, chuckling the entire time.
Bilbo felt more than a little startled. 

“Err, excuse me,” he said, trying to be heard over their reunion. “I hate to interrupt, but I’m
not entirely sure you’re in the right house.” 

Rosalyn had meanwhile edged around the Dwarves, watching their violent greeting with both
awe and trepidation. She leant into Bilbo and whispered into his ear, “Do all Dwarves do
that?”

He didn’t answer her, merely whimpered and looked forlornly at the mud the Dwarves had
brought in with them on his polished floor and previously clean carpet. 

This was going to be a very long night indeed. 

 

***

 

Rosalyn

 

“Have ya eaten?” Dwalin asked his elder counterpart as he rummaged through Bilbo’s
recently restocked pantry. 

They were both currently inspecting a jar of the apple jam I’d helped Bilbo make only days
before. The neat little label filled me with a surge of pride, as did the approving noise Dwalin
made when he sampled some. He placed the jar next to the growing pile of what I assumed
were ‘approved’ food stuffs. One red onion which had apparently gone past its best, a loaf of
dark dense bread neither Dwarf liked the smell of, and a small pot of too sweet honey had
been returned to their places as ‘unapproved’ items. 



Bilbo began talking over the Dwarves, but never raising his voice very loud at all,
maintaining the perfect air of polite anger. 

“It’s not that I don’t like visitors,” he informed them, pacing in front of the doorway to the
pantry. Not that either Dwalin nor Balin seemed to notice him there, or that he was talking at
all, least of all to them. “I like visitors as much as the next Hobbit, but I do like to know them
before they come visiting. The thing is—”

The Dwarves began to talk over Bilbo, paying him no mind at all. 

“What’s this?” Dwalin asked, holding aloft a piece of the smelly cheese Bilbo liked to have
on oat cakes. 

“I don’t know, I think it’s cheese,” Balin correctly identified before sniffing the wedge
experimentally and eyeing it closely. “Gone blue.”

Dwalin shook his head. “It’s riddled with mould.”

Balin made the swift decision to chuck the offending bit of cheese onto the floor beside Bilbo
as he came to a stop. They then started to talk about the cask of ale waiting to be sampled. 

“The thing is,” Bilbo continued, looking down at the foodstuff with a twitching eyebrow,
trying to contain an unfriendly protest. I could barely suppress my laughter at the lengths
Bilbo would go to just to remain polite! Surely there was a limit to his kindness? “I don’t
know either of you. Not in the slightest. I hate to be blunt but I had to speak my mind. I’m
sorry.” 

“You think—” The two Dwarves stopped and turned to face Bilbo, who cleared his throat
somewhat awkwardly. 

Balin nodded. “Apology accepted.” Then turned to his brother and gave him an empty
flagon. “Now, fill it up, brother, don’t stint.”

The doorbell rang again. 

Bilbo sighed. “Would you please watch them while I answer that?”

I cast a look back to Dwalin and Balin. 

“You wanna get stuck in?” Dwalin asked, holding a plate of cured ham in offering. 

“I suppose I could eat again if you insist, brother.”

I chuckled and turned back to Bilbo. “Not on your life, the excitement is where you’re
going.”

“You’re spending too much time with Daisy.” He gave me a dry look that made me grin, but I
wasn’t concerned about his short temper at the moment. I was too excited at the possibility of
who could be at the door. 



He gave a long suffering sigh and with one last glance back at the Dwarves, went to answer
the door. I followed in his wake, feeling light and excited. There were Dwarves here! Actual
Dwarves! Maybe, once the business they’d come here for was done, I could ask them…
well…anything? 

We came to the door and Bilbo hesitated for a moment, taking a deep breath to fortify
himself. He opened the door with a quick tug. 

Then, he gave a whimper when he saw who stood on the other side of the threshold. Two
more Dwarves, one blonde, the other dark haired and both were young, much younger than
the two Dwarves we had already met. 

“Fíli,” announced the blonde.

“And Kíli,” greeted the brunette. 

Then, they spoke together while bowing. “At your service.”

It sounded as though they had practised that many times, and from the self-satisfied smiles on
their faces when they straightened, I had an inkling my suspicions were correct. 

When they were both stood again, the dark haired one, Kíli, blinked at me for a moment
before sending me a surprised grin. 

“Good evening,” he repeated to me, bowing at the waist again. 

Limbs stuck for a moment, I stumbled into a curtsey and smiled back at him. 

“Good evening.” 

The fair haired one stood in shock at the sight of me, his eyes and mouth agape as he watched
me dip and greet his companion. They clearly hadn’t expected my presence, and Fíli looked
ready to faint. I had to admit it was sweet seeing such a worldly Dwarf looking so vulnerable.
He seemed to have finally shaken off the shock and bowed to me, bowing far deeper than he
had to Bilbo. 

“Good evening, miss,” he said, his voice soft. 

“Good evening,” I replied, remembering to curtsey to him.  

When we stood upright, his eyes never left mine. They were almost the same shade as the
cloak Bilbo had given me. 

“You must be Mister Boggins,” Kíli proclaimed loudly and with a wide grin. 

“No, you can’t come in, you’ve come to the wrong house!” Bilbo burst and tried to close the
door on them, stepping forward and shoving his shoulder into the wood.

But the Dwarves caught the door with ease, even as Bilbo continued to push it shut, his feet
sliding on the tiles. 



“What?” Kíli lamented, oblivious to Bilbo’s attempts to close the door on his hand. “Has it
been canceled?”

Fíli, attentions diverted to the matter at hand, was frowning as he peered round the half
closed door at us. “No one told us.” 

Bilbo, realising he couldn’t shift the wood anymore, had come to a loss, blinking and
stuttering as he tried to make sense of the happenings of the evening. 

“Ca—canceled? No, nothing’s been canceled.”

“That’s a relief,” Kíli sighed and pushed the door open despite Bilbo putting his entire weight
behind it. 

They strode in, Kíli excitably, Fíli, calmly. Bilbo, resigned, closed the door but not before
checking outside once again. The two new Dwarves made themselves comfortable, loosening
their coats and taking off their weapons. I hadn’t realised how well armed they were. Kíli,
upon divesting himself of his bow and quiver, and after placing them over Bilbo’s right
shoulder as he looked around the smial, began to wander along the annex trailing mud after
himself. I couldn’t take my eyes off the intricate runes carved onto the quiver. 

“Careful with these, I’ve just sharpened ‘em,” Fíli warned, unloading two large swords into
Bilbo’s cradled arms. 

I stood by and watched them, trying to contain my amusement and excitement from showing
on my face. Four Dwarves! Then, I realised that Fíli had only begun to unload his weapons,
there were two small throwing axes strapped to each ankle, and two long, thin daggers
sheathed into the bracers on his forearms. 

“It’s nice, this place, d’you do it yourself?” Kíli asked, before starting to wipe his muddy
boots onto one of Bilbo’s treasured items. 

“What? No, it’s been in the family for years…” Bilbo answered, polite but still confused,
until he caught sight of what Kíli was doing. “That’s my mother’s glory box! Can you please
not do that?”

“Fíli, Kíli, come on, give us a hand,” Dwalin said, thankfully ushering Kíli under his arm and
into the dining room before Bilbo said something less polite. 

“Mister Dwalin,” Kíli answered with a chuckle and a look at the larger Dwarf that I can only
describe as admiration. 

Fíli followed him, passing me with a soft look that almost seemed understanding. Maybe he
too realised how amusing this situation was, Dwarves appearing at the door of a Hobbit with
no aforementioned welcome. Or was he sharing a look of commiseration over the behaviour
of his unruly companion? 

“Let’s shove this in the hallway. Otherwise we’ll never get everyone in,” Balin directed,
having taken hold of the large crockery cabinet. 



“Everyone? How many more are there?” Bilbo asked, arms full of daggers and swords, a full
quiver and bow hung over his right shoulder. 

“Bilbo, they knew your name!” I exclaimed once the Dwarves were occupied. 

“What?” He asked, distracted as he pouted. 

“They knew your name,” I explained, positively thrilled at this turn of events. “The young
ones, they knew your name, or at least the mispronunciation of it. Someone must have told
them to come here.” 

He chuffed at me, no more pleased by my observation than he was of the Dwarves moving all
his furniture. 

“Do you know who?” I pressed. 

Bilbo shook his head, eyes watching the Dwarves shrewdly. 

“No, but I can guess.”

“Who?” 

Bilbo sighed, nose twitching irritably. “I sincerely hope I’m wrong.” 

“Where do you want this?” I heard Dwalin ask just before there was the sound of heavy
furniture being dragged over the floor above the sound of the doorbell ringing again. 

“Oh, no,” Bilbo lamented, casting only a quick glance backward to the sound of the Dwarves
rearranging his home before dumping the weapons onto the floor and trotting towards the
door.  I followed at his heels. 

“No, no! There’s nobody home!” He shouted. “Go away and bother somebody else! There’s
far too many dwarves in my dining room as it is. If—if this is some clot-head’s idea of a joke,
I can only say, it is in very poor taste.” 

He roughly opened the door, and I expected there to be another lone Dwarf stood who was
about to be on the receiving end of a tongue lashing, only for a spilling of Dwarves to pour
over the threshold and land in an undignified pile. 

“Get off, you big lump!” One of the Dwarves said from beneath a large dwarf who had
landed, rather unfortunately, on top of them all. 

“Gandalf,” Bilbo sighed. 

Indeed, the Wizard was stood outside behind the mound of Dwarves, smiling, the glint of
mischief clear in his eye. 

I lent to the side to whisper: “Where you right?”

“Yes…unfortunately.”



One Dwarf, whose hat looked precariously close to falling off his head, suddenly held up the
bell that had been previously hung beside the front door. 

“Might want to be gettin’ this fixed,” he announced, sounding winded as he lay at the bottom
of the pile. 

Bilbo shut his eyes and let out a long suffering sigh. 

 

***

 

What followed next was the rush of Dwarves in motion. 

All at once, they worked together to get the dining room ready for supper, bringing and
taking several different objects to and from the dining room. Once, I had tried to help and
attempted to lift a sturdy chair into the dining room from Bilbo’s study, knowing Bilbo would
much prefer that chair to hold the weight of a Dwarf than his antique chairs. However, I had
been stopped by Dwalin, who took the chair from me, telling me not to worry and to let the
others get me a drink and something to eat. I had refused as kindly as possible but Dori, the
kind hearted, intricately braided, grey haired Dwarf had overheard and ushered me into the
dining room and onto one of the chairs already there and handed me a cup of chamomile tea. 

So, I now sat and observed them all over the rim of my mug, watching Bilbo trying in vain to
restore some sense of order to his normally quiet home. In between moving around and
reorganising the rooms, each Dwarf had come up to me, some individually, some in family
pairings or triples, and introduced themselves. It seemed to be a trend to have rhyming names
in Dwarven families. 

As I watched them I noticed that Fíli and Kíli had to bend their heads to step underneath the
curving roof of the doorways, like Dwalin. They were quite tall compared to the company I
had been keeping recently. I watched as they walked ahead of me and into Bilbo’s dining
room. I couldn’t help but notice how pleasing they looked at my eye, Fíli more so. Kíli was
attractive, I could see that plainly, but to my eyes he seemed a little young. His eyes and the
exuberance of his character captured a childishness in him that couldn’t be mistaken. Fíli,
however, was handsome. 

Occasionally, our eyes would meet. A handful of snatched glances, by design or
happenstance, I wasn’t sure. What I did know, was that with every time his azure eyes found
mine, I liked it more and more. 

Chapter End Notes



Thank you for reading, leaving kudos (I smile every time I see someone has without
fail), and bookmarking. I hope the wait for the Dwarves wasn't too long. What did you
think of reading from Bilbo's perspective? I'd love to hear your thoughts. He was
honestly so much fun to write for, I loved every minute of it.

Also, apologies for any spelling or grammar mistakes, dyslexia is a bitch. As much as I
would like to boast about having a creative writing masters degree, learning difficulties
don't go away when you graduate! I know a lot of you can sympathise. Please do point
them out to me, I won't mind. I'd like this to be as polished as I can make it, and I have
no beta reader as I'm a chaotic ADHD buzzed autistic with uneven time management
skills.

Hoping you are all well, fed, medicated, hydrated, rested, and cosy!

Take care of yourselves and each other, love x



Chapter 6: Questions
Chapter Summary

Questions are posed, theories abound, and a quest is begun.

Chapter Notes

Disclaimer: I own nothing but original character and my original storyline for her. The
Hobbit, LOTR, and other subsequent works belong to the Tolkien estate. All creative
output by Peter Jackson, his interpretation, and movies belong to him and the relevant
parties, including the actors interpretations and their acting choices.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

***

 

Fíli

 

Fíli was dumbstruck. 

Baffled and shocked, completely and wholly. But he hadn’t a clue why. All he knew was that
it had something to do with the golden haired lass who was watching him with a patient, soft
smile. He inhaled, realising he hadn’t drawn a breath since he had laid eyes on her, and it was
followed by the ghost of his mother’s voice in his ear: Well, didn’t I raise a gentleman? Bow,
Fíli! For Mahal’s sake! 

He hastily complied, adding on, “Good evening miss,” for good measure. 

She curtsied to him, wishing him the sam, her voice soft. 

Yes, his mother had raised a gentleman, and he’d be damned if he showed her up in front of
such a beautiful Dwarrowdam. For she was one, regardless of the fact she seemed to be living
with a Hobbit, there was no doubt in his mind…except for her exceptionally curly hair. And
the lack of shoes on her bare feet, her incredibly distracting bare feet. Never before had he
found feet to be so delicate looking, but then again, never before had he had the occasion to
look at a Dam’s bare feet. Apart from his mother’s, but those didn’t count. 



By the time he had pulled his gaze away from the floor, Kíli had already divested himself of
his quiver and bow, and draped them over the Hobbit’s shoulder. His brother was talking off
the poor Halfling’s ear, much to the large-footed fellow’s irritation, and much to the Dam’s
intrigue. Fíli found that the attention she was giving Kíli irritated him. He knew his brother
was handsome, many Dam’s back in Erid Luin had told him so, much to Fíli’s annoyance.
Fíli also knew that he himself was not unattractive, given the female, and on two occasions
male, attention he had garnered over the years. Though, if he was honest with himself, he
knew that her wide eyed gaze at his younger brother was not the attention of attraction, but,
rather a stare of wonder. 

She looked as if she had never seen a Dwarf before.  

But that was impossible. 

Perhaps she had never met a Dwarf her age, or close to it. That wasn’t uncommon. Given
how far some Dwarf clans travelled, and had migrated after the fall of Erebor, he had met
other young Dwarves who had grown up as the only one within a twenty year age range. If
Fíli had to guess, he would put her at Kíli’s age, or, on second thought, younger. She didn’t
have the full sideburns of a mature Dwarrowdam, rather tuffs of golden hair in front of her
ears that weren’t yet past fledgling length. While some Dwarrow physically aged at a slower
rate than most, it was rare, and Fíli was sure that rather than appearing young, she was in fact
young. Pausing on the thought, Fíli decided that she was around sixty, or sixty-five at a push,
and on the cusp of adulthood. 

Which begged the question, what was she doing unchaperoned out in The Shire? The nearest
permanent Dwarven settlement was Erid Luin, but he had never seen her before. So where
had she come from? 

While he thought, he started to unpack his more obvious weapons. His mother had not only
instilled manners befitting a royal, but those that would befall any manner of Dwarf. Wearing
weapons, at least obvious weapons that were easy to spot, whilst visiting another’s home was
the height of bad manners in Dwarven society. It was seen as the visitor believing both that
they weren’t safe in the home they were visiting, and that they believed that their host could
not protect them if the occasion called for it. Which was a great insult to any Dwarrow. Of
course, Fíli doubted that Mr. Baggins could protect them if he needed to, particularly whilst
in his patchwork robe. 

“Careful with these, I’ve just sharpened ‘em,” he warned, handing over his dual swords and
smirking when he saw the Hobbit’s eyes widen in response. His arms already laden with two
of Kíli’s large daggers. 

Fíli had given those to his brother the evening before they left Ered Luin with their uncle.
Kíli, for all his talent with a bow and sword, needed protection for closer range fighting. He
had tried to object, but Fíli had been firm, reminding his brother that the smaller counterparts
were still safely hidden on his person. It wasn’t as if they were ever to be short of weapons. 

If Fíli took off every single weapon he wore, he would have been doing so well into the
night. On many occasions, after a long day of walking or working in the forge, or attending



meetings with Thorin back in the Blue Mountains, he would forget one or two of the daggers
hidden in his coat or breeches. 

That was not an experience worth repeating. 

Once Fíli’s swords were added to the pile in the Hobbit’s arms, and having heard him, the
lady turned her gaze to him. Her eyes were wide as she took in his daggers and throwing
axes. Her awe amused him. It reminded him of when Dwalin had introduced Kíli and he to
Grasper and Keeper. Dwalin's war axes had inspired a mixture of fear and awe in them as
Dwarflings. It was a found memory for Fíli, remembering being able to, for the first time,
touch the fierce blades and hold them, with Dwalin taking the actual weight. Lest Fíli lose
one of his fingers and therefore Dwalin invoke the wrath of Dis. 

“That’s my mother’s glory box, could please not do that!” The Hobbit shouted at his brother. 

Rightfully so, as Fíli could see from the corner of his eye that his brother was wiping his
muddy boots onto a carved wooden box. Rather than telling Kíli to stop, Fíli caught the
Dam’s eye. He liked that she watched him, as trivial as it was. It meant she saw him, and not
through him. Or, like so many Dam’s back in the Blue Mountains, saw the wealth of his title
and the possibility of one day becoming Queen of Erebor. 

Fíli knew that it didn’t matter what he did, the lady would draw her own conclusions about
him whether he was short, tall, fat, or thin (of which he would like to proudly declare that for
a Dwarf, he fell into none of those categories). Fíli knew that many Dwarrowdams did not
chose to have a partner, rather studying their craft with vigour. However, Fíli couldn’t help
the fleeting image from blossoming in his minds eye of this lovely lass sat beside him, tucked
under his arm and pressed against his chest in front of a warm fire. Inspiring a warmth to
grow in his chest at the thought. 

It was folly to think such a thing could ever happen, but the possibility of it occurring
plucked away at his hopeful heartstrings, stirring emotions in him not felt before.

“Come on then, give us a hand!” Dwalin called, coming to retrieve them. 

Fíli nodded to himself, and shoved aside his day dreams for the slow moving reality he was
now starting to loath. 

“Mister Dwalin,” his brother greeted warmly. 

Fíli smiled tightly at the grizzled warrior, wanting desperately to fall back into the illusion of
running his fingers through the Dam’s unruly curls as she drew mindless patterns on his tunic
covered chest while they basked in the warmth of a lit fireplace. 

As he passed her, her eyes haunted his thoughts, shining as blue as sunlit sapphires. 

 

***

 



Bilbo

 

Bilbo had now reached the full extent of his patience. He was fluttering about, having
divested himself of his robe as soon as convenient once they had all tumbled through his
door, and was now following the Dwarves as they made themselves impolitely comfortable in
his home. 

“Here, take this one!” Dori, the Dwarf sporting a grey braided beard, directed the rotund,
fiery haired Dwarf with a large circular beard, handing him a platter of cooked chicken, much
to the larger Dwarf’s pleasure. 

“Excuse me, that’s my chicken!” Bilbo had entered the hallway, just in time to see the
Dwarves systematically carrying out his food from the pantry and ferry it across to the dining
room. 

One such transported item caught his eye and ignited his ire. 

“And, that’s my wine!” He cried. “Excuse me!” 

Under normal circumstances, Bilbo would not have responded with such sharpness, but the
wine was of a particularly good vintage. Being one his father had fermented several years
before his passing. So the bottle held sentimental value as well as actual value. 

The Dwarf turned around, his braids flying around his head. A bottle of the fine red wine
held tightly in his grip. As if he knew its value. Bilbo’s gaze was drawn to the axehead
embedded in his skull, to which the Dwarf pointed to, seeing where Bilbo’s eyes had gone.
The wound was not new, but it concerned Bilbo that no one had thought to remove the
object. 

“Korse bafor,” the Dwarf seemed to explain gravely before walking off, still with the bottle in
hand. 

Bilbo watched, ready to burst with stern, level toned shouting, when he saw Rosalyn
intercept the Dwarf and calmly explain the wines importance. Though he didn’t understand,
another Dwarf, the one with the dirty hat, translated for her. Rosalyn was handed the wine
and she disappeared, hopefully to place it somewhere safe. 

“He’s got an injury,” another Dwarf, presumably the oldest given his ear horn and age lined
face, piped up from behind Bilbo, startling the Hobbit. 

“Oh, you mean the axe in his head?” Bilbo guessed, struggling to keep the bitter sharpness
out of his tone. He was still not happy with their abrupt appearance and was running out of
opportunities to tell them to sod off. His ingrained politeness was starting to wear
frighteningly thin. 

The Dwarf raised his ear trumpet, frowning. 

“Dead?” He shook his head. “No, only between his ears. His legs work fine.” 



He then walked off, leaving Bilbo gaping like a fish out of water for a moment before his
attention was drawn to the other Dwarves emptying his pantry. Shelves looked startlingly
bare. Just where were they putting all this food? Bilbo knew his dining room table couldn’t
hold all the plates and bowls he had stored. They must be eating on the go, he decided, then
looked down and saw the telltale crumb trail of a fruit cake. Yes, they were preparing a sit
down meal whilst snacking. The horror. 

“Put those back, put that back,” Bilbo ordered, pointing to each item in the Dwarves’ hands,
determined to be heard. “Put that back. Not the jam, please. Excuse me. Excuse me!”

His attention was diverted by a stack of cheeses making their way out of the pantry. Bilbo
looked around the load to see that the large Dwarf with the circular beard was holding them.
His eyes wide and expression eager. 

“Tad excessive, isn’t it?” Bilbo commented, hoping to draw some sense from the Dwarf. 
Three wheels of cheese was far too much, even for a group of Hobbits this size, let alone
Dwarves. “Have you got a cheese knife?”

“Cheese knife?” Chuffed the hat wearing Dwarf as he passed the pair, a stack of plates in
hand. “He eats it by the block.”

Bilbo sighed, allowing the Dwarf with the cheese to pass. It wasn’t as if he could stop him,
the cheese was heavy. In fact, Bilbo couldn’t have lifted the three wheels by himself, he had
trouble with one. 

He spotted one of the Dwarves walking into the dining room with a wooden chair. It was the
elderly one again, Bilbo hadn’t caught his name. Not that any of them besides Dwalin, Balin,
and the two youngsters had given their names. 

“No! That’s Grandpa Mungo’s chair,” Bilbo cried as if that explained the chair’s
unsuitableness for use. He put himself in front of the Dwarf and grasped the chair legs,
pushing back against him. “Take it back, please.”

“I can’t hear what you’re saying laddie,” the hard of hearing Dwarf stated, pointing to his
ears. His horn was hanging by his side. 

“It’s an antique. Not for sitting on,” Bilbo persisted, enunciating his words clearly. 

Rosalyn then appeared from the hallways with another, much sturdier chair in hand. Dwalin
intercepted her and, with a chair in each hand, exchanged it for Grandpa Mungo’s chair.
When Rosalyn went to take the fragile chair back, Dwalin took it himself. Bilbo could only
hope that he put the chair away where it wouldn’t be sat on. 

The Dwarf with intricate beard appeared at Rose’s elbow and ushered her into the dining
room, telling her he had a pot of tea ready. 

“Oh, thank you, but I’m fine,” Rosalyn politely declined. 

The Dwarf shook his head. “No, no, I insist. Sit here.”



Bilbo, torn between seeing what tea the Dwarf had used, and physically baring the pantry
with his body, turned and saw the Dwarf with the hat putting a mug of ale down on an
illustrated version of the history of the Elves of Rivendell. He also held, in his grubby
mittened hands, a hand drawn map of the Shire. 

“This is a book, not a coaster,” he pointed out, a hair’s breadth from shaking his finger at
him. “And put that map down.”

Meanwhile, Gandalf had made his way into the atrium, standing around and trying not to be
in the way of the Dwarves. Bilbo ignored him in favour of tracking down where Rose had put
that bottle of wine. Finding it safely stored behind a book in the parlour, and Grandpa
Mungo’s chair back in its rightful place, he returned to the melee of bodies. 

Just in time to get knocked in the back by a string of sausages. 

“Whoop! Mind out.”

Another Dwarf passed him, snatching up the link with fast hands, and never pausing on his
way into the dining room. Meanwhile, Gandalf had begun counting. 

“Yes. Ah. Uh, Fíli, Kíli. Uh…Oin, Glóin, Dwalin, Balin, Bifur, Bofur, Bombur…Dori, Nori,
Ori!” Gandalf exclaimed, seeing Ori and Bilbo engaged in a tug of war over some very red,
beautifully ripe tomatoes. 

“No. Not my prizewinners, thank you,” Bilbo grunted, winning the war. “No, thank you.”

He spun on his heel, determined to hide the tomatoes somewhere high. The pantry had a
ladder for just such occasions. If only he’d thought to put a lock on the pantry doors. After all
of this was over, he’d invest in one. He could never be sure this sort of thing wouldn’t happen
again, especially if Gandalf was to stick around. 

“Um paya. Mayima rootkaliva.” 

“Yes, you’re quite right, Bifur. We appear to be one Dwarf short.”

“He is late, is all,” Dwalin spoke up from leaning against the door frame, sipping from a mug
of ale. Bilbo suspected it to be his third, but thought it best not to mention that. “He travelled
north to a meeting of our kin. He will come.” 

“Mr. Gandalf? A little glass of red wine, as requested…it’s got a fruity bouquet.”

“Ah. Cheers.”

“Bombur’s on his second leg of lamb already,” the fiery red headed dwarf spoke as he passed
the threesome. 

Bilbo startled. Second? Leg of lamb? He wasn’t sure he’d heard the Dwarf correctly. Had he
eaten an entire leg himself? Just how much food could these Dwarves put away? 

 



***

 

Rosalyn

 

Supper, which began after they had seen that I had enough food to finish my interrupted
supper and something to drink, ended surprisingly quickly, and with surprising ease. Though,
not without a fair amount of mess. I had initially thought that they would need convincing
that Bilbo’s pantry had been exhausted. Rather, it seemed that once the Dwarves were full,
they knew the evening was drawing to a close. As a group, organised or not, they moved to
begin cleaning up. 

I was helping stack plates in the dining room when I heard Bilbo in the hallway. 

“—There’s mud trod into the carpet. They-they-they’ve pillaged the pantry. I won’t even tell
you what they’re done in the bathroom. They’ve all but destroyed the plumbing. I don’t
understand what they’re doing in my house!” 

Edging out of the dining room, I could see that he was glaring at our Wizard guest. Not
without cause, but I wondered why Gandalf hadn’t just told Bilbo in the first place about our
impending houseguests? Why were they all here? Surely he hadn’t found them and told them
about me…had he? One Dwarrowdam could hardly be worth all this fuss. But why else
would a Wizard bring Dwarves to Hobbiton? 

“Excuse me, I’m sorry to interrupt, but what shall I do with my plate?” Ori asked,
endearingly polite. 

Fíli stepped out of the pantry. “Here you go Ori, give it to me.”

He then took the plate and confidently threw it at Kíli who had just appeared, pipe in hand,
from the kitchen just in time to pluck it from the air and throw it towards the sink, where I
dearly hope someone caught it. 

“Excuse me!” Bilbo protested. He raised his arm, making to catch another plate from the air
as crockery continued to fly, but missed. “That’s my mother’s West Farthing crockery, it’s
over a hundred years old!”

Fíli, ignoring his host, was jumping about, catching and throwing cutlery and crockery in
quick succession. I ducked my head, moving back and out of the line of fire. Inside the dining
room, the remaining Dwarves had begun to scrape and clank the cutlery, stomping their boots
to a rhythm that echoed the slide of metal on metal. 

“And c—can you not do that? You’ll blunt them.” 

“Oh, you hear that lads? He said we’ll blunt the knives,” Bofur chuckled, while continuing to
do what Bilbo asked him not to. 



“Blunt the knives, bend the forks,” Kíli began to sing. 

“Smash the bottles and burn the corks,” Fíli continued, bouncing a plate from elbow to
elbow. He tossed me a wink before he threw it towards Kíli. My cheeks flushed and I felt my
skin prickle under his attention. 

“Chip the glasses and crack the plates,” the others began to jÓinin, seeming to know the
words everyone else was going to sing without hesitation. “That’s what Bilbo Baggins
hates!”

I began to suspect this was something they did often. 

“Cut the cloth, tread on the fat. Leave the bones on the bedroom mat, pour the milk on the
pantry floor…splash the wine on every door! Dump the crocks in a boiling bowl, pound them
up with a thumping pole, when you’re finished, if they are whole…send them down the hall
to roll!”

Bofur conjured a flute from somewhere and added a merry tune to their song, while helping
to toss pottery from the dining room to the kitchen rather skilfully with his elbows. Dwalin
had generated a mandolin, and was gently teasing notes from it’s strings with his bow
contently, occasionally head butting a cup before getting up to help Bombur clean off the
plates. His musical input no longer needed. Oin, however, had taken a teapot and was playing
that, blowing down the spout and lifting the lid at irregular intervals. How, I could not figure
out. But sure enough, a merry little whistling tune came from the crockery rather like Bofur’s
flute. 

Caught up watching the musical performance, when an arm took hold of mine and pulled, I
tripped. I was taken into Kíli’s arms and he spun me about to the merry tune, singing and
laughing, his mouth split by a toothy grin. He twirled me in a dizzying spin, with a hand
clasping one of my own, lifting them up above my head, until I ended up in Fíli’s grasp. My
feet hardly had time to catch up with the rest of me before he took me into his arms without
pause and lead me into the kitchen. Leading us in a dance that circled, and thankfully did not
disorientate, before finishing with a flourish and laughing with me as I gained back my
balance. He placed a hand on my back to help and I could feel his warmth through the fabric
of my dress. I was thankful I hadn’t changed into my nightdress. Still feeling the effects of
Kíli’s twirling, I rested my hands on his chest to steady myself before realising what I had
done and snatching them away, cheeks aflame. 

“That’s what Bilbo Baggins hates!” They all finally concluded with a loud cheer. 

Nori offered Fíli a mug of ale, diverting his attention from me. He’d been looking down at
me with an expression I couldn’t pinpoint, and one hand had hovered in the air at my side.

Grateful, I backed away, tucking my palms against my ribs. That had been…I couldn’t find
the words. 

They somehow managed to finish in the kitchen, all gathered around the table which was
laden with stacks of clean crockery. Much to my surprise. They all fell about into laughter at



the shock on Bilbo’s face until two thumps on the front door stopped the merriment in its
tracks. 

“He is here,” Gandalf declared, somewhat ominously. 

We all gathered at the front door. Who had been so late as to miss supper? With the Dwarves’
appetites, as I couldn’t imagine a Dwarf willingly missing a meal. They rather reminded me
of Hobbits with their fondness for food and ale. 

Gandalf opened the door, revealing a dark haired Dwarf stood at the threshold. His brow
wizened and there were laughter lines around the corner of his eyes and at the crease of his
mouth. He had a close shaven beard, rather like Fíli’s, that was dark and peppered with grey.
The crown of his head was likewise streaked, and there was a dark light of wisdom in his
eyes. I instantly knew him, he was the Dwarf I’d seen fighting the pale giant in my dream a
couple of nights ago. Though now he was decades older. 

“Gandalf,” he greeted, his voice low and gravely. Not as it had been in my dream, sore from
screaming coarse war cries, but measured and weighted. “I thought you said this place would
be easy to find. I lost my way, twice. I wouldn’t have found it at all if it weren’t for that mark
on the door.” 

Dori and Ori bowed their heads to him as he stepped over the threshold. I turned around and
saw that all but Dwalin, Balin, Fíli and Kíli bowed to him. Who was this Dwarf? 

“Mark? There’s no mark on that door! It was painted a week ago!” Bilbo insisted, coming
from behind Dwalin, Dori and Ori as if to investigate the mark himself.  

The dark haired Dwarf ignored Bilbo’s fretting, instead, taking off his bag and handing it to
Kíli, who had been waiting to relieve him of it. I took a step back as the others pressed
forward, my chest tightening. This felt like a dream. Rationally, I knew it wasn’t, but seeing a
Dwarf I had only seen in a vision now stood in Bilbo’s entranceway scared me. It meant I had
been seeing real events. The undeniable proof stood before me, greeting the other Dwarves
with a warm smile. 

I was having visions. 

“There is a mark, I put it there myself,” Gandalf soothed, closing the door so Bilbo could not
go out to see the mark for himself. “Bilbo Baggins, allow me to introduce the leader of our
company, Thorin Oakenshield.” 

The name had no meaning to Bilbo, who looked between Wizard and Dwarf waiting for an
explanation. I had a feeling he wouldn’t be getting one anytime soon. 

“So…this is the Hobbit,” Thorin said, surveying Bilbo. “Tell me, Mr. Baggins, have you done
much fighting?” 

“Pardon me?”

“Axe or sword? What’s your weapon of choice?”



“Well, I do have some skill at conkers, if you must know,” Bilbo started to comment, the
sarcastic Took in him coming about, only to be quietened when Thorin returned to face him
head on, crossing his arms as he watched Bilbo. “…but I fail to see why that’s relevant.” 

“Thought as much,” Thorin smirked, sending a look over his shoulder to the rest of the
Dwarves. “He looks more like a grocer than a burglar.” 

The troop chuckled with him before leading and following the way into the dining room.
Bilbo just stood still, and I knew he was processing what had just happened, like me. Once all
of the Dwarves were out of sight, Gandalf collapsed against the eaves of the front door,
huffing as if exhausted. Whereas Bilbo looked to be pondering if he should take offence to
Thorin’s comment or not. Steeling myself, I moved forward from my shadowed cove towards
the Wizard. 

“Gandalf?” I asked. “Are you all right?”

“Oh, yes, Miss Rosalyn, I am fine.” He sighed, straightening as much as he could to his
normal height. “I believe it is going to be a very long night. A very long night indeed.”

Thorin must have heard my voice for he had stopped in the main atrium, looking back the
way he had come, his eyes narrowing when he finally saw me emerge from behind Gandalf’s
tall form, Bilbo a step behind me. 

“And who is this?” He directed his question to Gandalf, though his eyes did not stray from
me. 

His intense gaze made me want to run away, but I stood my ground, fisting my hands so tight
I could feel my fingernails biting into the flesh of my palms. 

“Oh! Forgive my rudeness,” Gandalf apologised. “Miss Rosalyn, this is Thorin Oakenshield.
Thorin, this is Miss Rosalyn. She is currently Mr. Baggins’ charge.”

Thorin raised an elegant eyebrow, his piercing gaze shifting from myself to Bilbo for a
moment. 

“Is that so?” He murmured. “And how did a young Dwarrowdam become a Hobbit’s charge
so far from any Dwarven settlement?”

Nervous, I spared a glance at Dwalin, stood at Thorin’s shoulder. He was steadfast, and
nodded to me in reassurance. Thorin noticed. 

“It, erm…it’s a, a long story,” I admitted, very aware of the listening ears close by. 

Thorin hummed. “Then it is a good thing we have the rest of the night.”

“Yes,” Gandalf agreed, appearing pleased by this development. “Perhaps it can be explained
while you have something to eat, Thorin?”

Bilbo perked up upon hearing this and, despite his earlier grumbling, became the perfect
host. 



“Of course,” he said. “Mister Oakenshield, if you’d like to wait in the dining room, I’m sure
your companions will show you the way, I’ll fetch you what is left of the food and drink.” 

Thorin looked a cross between amused and grateful, nodding to Bilbo slightly as a sign of
respect. The rest of the Dwarves smiled to themselves and began to lead Thorin into the
dining room. Gandalf stood watching it all with a patient, if surprised, smile. Meanwhile, I
felt a little dazed. 

“Miss Rosalyn,” came the deep, polite voice of Thorin himself as he waited a few steps from
us. “Would you care to jÓinus?” 

It was beginning to dawn on me that this Dwarf was important, and I would do well to not
upset him. In the back of my mind, there was an inkling that I had met this Dwarf before. Or
at least heard of him beyond what I knew from my dream, but I couldn’t say where or when
with any certainty. He did not know me, so why would I know him? 

He held out his arm towards me, indicating for me to walk with him. I did so with hesitation,
for although I did not know who he was, there was no mistaking the air of importance that
flowed about Thorin Oakenshield. He cast an imposing figure, maybe he was a Lord of some
sort, like the Elves in Bilbo’s books? 

We walked into the dining room, and I took the seat that Balin pulled out for me, on his left
side so that I was on the right of the person at the head of the table. Now, everyone avoided
that chair, instead squashing together along the sides of the dining table, Bombur being the
only exception. I believed that was wise considering his width.  He was sat at the opposite
end of the table munching away on a wedge of cheese he had produced from thin air. 

Thorin took the empty chair, completing the arrangement as Gandalf was seated in a larger
chair to Thorin’s left. Now, everyone was seated except Bilbo, and I felt a fluttering of
nervousness to know I was alone with strangers. Hearing Bilbo potter around in the kitchen
was of little comfort when he would have to get past several large Dwarves to get to me. 

“Now, Miss Rosalyn,” Thorin began, resting his forearms on the table top in front of him and
folding his hands atop one another. “How is it that you found your way here?”

“Umm, well.” Taking a breath, I tried to squash the feeling panic rising in my chest. They
were Dwarves, they could help me. But Dwalin’s warning from earlier lingered and I dreaded
what could happen when my ears were revealed. What would they think? “I don’t know.” 

Silence followed my words. Dwalin watched me and the others with guarded eyes, waiting
for the questioning to break out. Gandalf, meanwhile, was cleaning out his pipe, one eye
fixed on the proceedings, the other on his task. 

“You don’t know?” Ori questioned from the far end of the table. I could see his mittened
hands clutched. 

I nodded, and swallowed to try and move the lump of nerves in my throat. Though they were
all strangers to me, I felt a kind of kinship towards them. They were, after all Dwarves, and
therefore in some way family to me. Even if we had different physical features. Wouldn’t that



count for something? Extend some sort of understanding, sympathy, trust between us when
they heard my story? 

“I woke up in a nearby field a week ago in the middle of the night,” I expanded, recalling the
night in my minds eye. Knowing now how that night might have gone, I thanked whatever
force that had been watching over me. “I had no memory of how I came to be there, nor of
who I was…am…anything. I followed the only light I could see, and found myself entering
Hobbiton. I passed a few doors, but the lights inside were out. Bilbo’s was the first home I
came across with a light inside. I knocked and he answered, taking me in and helping me.
I’ve been here, in his care, ever since.”

“You said you didn’t know who you are,” Balin questioned gently after a moment of silence.
“Do you still not remember anything, lass?” 

“Well,” I hesitated, finding the thought of explaining my dreams uncomfortable, so I kept
those to myself for the time being. I could tell them later, once things were more settled. “I
remember some things, snippets of memory that appear like fragments at times. But, no, I
still do not know who I am. It is only by chance I remembered my name. Bilbo brought in a
bunch of roses from his garden, and once I saw them, I knew my name. Before that I was
using the name Flower.” 

At this point, Bilbo appeared and handed Thorin a bowl of hot, rich stew, a mug of frothy ale
I had a hunch was from the hidden barrel in the cold room, and a plate with the only bread
left from the Dwarves’ pillaging. Thorin took all with an appreciative nod. Bilbo also placed
a mug of mint tea in front of me, smiling and placing a reassuring hand on my shoulder. I
returned the smile, grateful at his presence and his ability to know when I needed comfort.
The tea provided me with the excellent excuse to stop talking, and take a fortifying sip. 

“So, you were alone. Completely?” Dori asked. He seemed to not understand, frowning in
what I concluded to be distress. 

I nodded, taking another sip. Bilbo had found my favourite mug, and even though it was a
small comfort, the familiarity of it gave me strength. I had a home here. I had a favourite
mug. I had Bilbo. Even if these Dwarves refused to help, or couldn’t help, in the end I would
still have my mug, I would still have Bilbo, Hilda and Daisy. I would more than I had when I
woke in that field. 

The group began to mutter to each other, their tones rank with disproval. This I wasn’t
expecting. 

“What is it?”  

The taller, red haired Dwarf, Glóin, shook his head. “No Dwarf, no respectable Dwarf, would
have ever left a Dwarrowdam alone. Never.” 

He looked repulsed by the very idea, shivering, his bushy eyebrows squashing together.

Nori slapped at the table in agitation. “Who would do such a thing?”



“Was there nothing with you? No bag, coin, or anything with you when you woke?” Fíli
asked, a small frown pinching his brow. 

I shook my head. “No, nothing, I didn’t even have shoes on, nor a cloak.”

This caused the group further distress. 

“Bilbo and Dwalin told me that it is very unorthodox for a Dwarrowdam to be left alone,” I
supplied meekly. 

Thorin turned to Dwalin with an arched eyebrow. “He did, did he?”

“Aye, I did,” Dwalin grumbled, arms crossing over his chest in a defensive move. 

One corner of Thorin’s mouth pulled upwards in the shadow of a smile as he turned back to
me, tearing off a chunk of bread. 

“What else did he tell you?” 

Remembering, I couldn’t hold back the shiver of terror that caused gooseflesh to break out
along my arms. The elder Dwarrow noticed and tensed, furtive glances traded as wordless
conversations began. Did they know the events Dwalin had described to me? Fíli, Kíli and
Ori were confused, but I was loath to explain. If they did not know about the occurrences
with the two Dwarrowdams, then they might not know the circumstances that could have
befallen me in the vacant space of my missing memory. What would they think if they knew
the possibilities of my past? I could hardly bare thinking on it. Not when terror was the
prevailing emotion for such thoughts. 

“Rose,” Bilbo’s voice was soft and gentle from beside me. “We can stop if you want, there’s
no reason for you to think on such things.” 

Blinking, I came back to myself. They were all watching me with concern, worry, fear and in
a few, surprising cases, affection. 

“What?” 

Bilbo smiled. “You were in your own little world for a while there. You don’t have to talk
about this any more if you don’t want to.” 

My cheeks flushed with heat, and I felt warmer than I had whilst sitting by the fireside
reading in the evenings. I must have been quiet for a while, for Thorin’s bowl of stew was
half empty. 

“I’m sorry.” 

“You have nothing to be sorry for, dear,” Balin reassured me, patting my arm. 

“I’m okay, really, I just…got a little distracted,” I explained, bashful. 



Dwalin cleared his throat, and took the responsibility from me. “I told the lass about the two
Dam’s who went missing on the trade routes.” 

Understanding dawned on every face except for Kíli’s. It seemed Fíli and Ori did know about
the circumstances that could have befallen me. By the clouds of anger, sorrow and frustration
on many of their faces, they knew what that could entail all too well. 

“What Dam’s?” Kíli asked, a curious frown as his eyes flickered between Dwalin, myself,
Thorin and Fíli. 

Fíli cleared his throat. “Never mind Kí, it’s not something that needs to be discussed so
openly.” 

I glanced over to him, grateful, a shy smile on my lips. This Dwarf had only just met me, but
was willing to provide me with a sense of comfort and understanding. If he carried on, I
would begin to hope they wouldn’t abandon me once their business in Bag End was done. 

“Fíli’s right,” Thorin rumbled, and I could feel the pride in his gaze. Where they related?
“Onto other matters, we shall revisit Miss Rosalyn’s situation later on.”

A murmur of agreement passed around the table. Gandalf remained silent as he watched all,
but I could have sworn there was a small uplift to his lips. I settled back into my chair and
watched them too. Were they finally going to tell Bilbo and I why they were here? For all the
excitement of their arrival, and then of dinner, I hadn’t a spare moment to imagine the
purpose of their appearance. 

“What news from the meeting in Ered Luin?” Balin asked once Thorin had eaten more of the
stew as general well wishes were passed around from persons absent. “Did they all come?” 

“Aye. envoys from all seven kingdoms.” 

Envoys? Kingdoms? Were they talking about Dwarven clans? Bilbo had told me what little
he knew, but his book collection was woefully under stocked to reeducate me about my own
heritage. 

“All of them!” Balin exclaimed, pleased. 

The rest of the group chuckled and smiled at each other. The news generating genuine
pleasure in all. 

“And what did the Dwarves of the Iron Hills say?” Dwalin questioned, eyes glinting hard as
stone in the candlelight. “Is Dain with us?”

Thorin put down his spoon and took a breath, steadying himself to deliver what I could only
guess was bad news given the tight set of his lips. 

“They will not come,” he admitted. 

The troop muttered in disappointment, and the blow felt fatal to the moral of the room. I saw
Kíli shaking his head, a fierce scowl on his face. Come to what? Were they in need of help? 



“They said this quest is ours and ours alone,” Thorin continued, tone regretful. 

There was a moment of silence before Bilbo broke through it with his curiosity. I must admit,
I too was intrigued by the mystery quest. What were they all on a quest for? Bilbo had moved
to stand behind me, watching from the shadows as he fidgeted. 

“You’re going on a quest?”

“Ah, Bilbo,” Gandalf spoke, looking up at the Hobbit behind me as he at last engaged in the
conversation. If I didn’t know better, I might have said the Wizard had fallen into open-eyed
sleep. But I did know better. Hobbiton was full of likewise quietly careful, carefully
observant persons like Gandalf. Instead of locked in dreams, he had been entrenched in
ruminative contemplation. “My dear fellow, let us have a little more light, if you please.” 

Bilbo fetched a candle with an agreeable hum. The dining room did not have any windows so
for all I knew, dawn could soon be upon us. Time was suspended at present, there was no
gentle ebb as the minutes crawled into hours like they had so often in the evenings when
Bilbo and I sat and read in the parlour. Time, instead, felt suspended in a glamour of magic.
The events of the evening did not yet feel truly…real. I wondered if, come morning when
whatever business the Dwarves had here was completed, would they vanish? Along with the
hope of regaining my memories and learning any truth of my appearance? 

“Far to the East, over ranges and rivers, beyond woodlands and wastelands, lies a single
solitary peak,” Gandalf regaled as he unfurled a parchment he’d produced from his sleeve. It
looked old, creased and time worn. 

Bilbo peered at the map, close to Thorin’s side, reading as he placed the candle down. 

“The Lonely Mountain?”

“Aye, Óin has read the portents, and the portents say it is time,” Glóin spoke up, his chest
puffed up in what I imagined was defiance to any argument against his words. There were
several grumblings of dissection among the ranks. In fact, Dori even tutted at the other’s
words, shaking his head. 

Portents? Those were signs, weren’t they? Like omens. I looked to Óin, wondering how one
read portents. The Dwarf who had trouble hearing evidently did not have the same issue with
his eyesight. That is, if one read omens the same way one reads a book. 

Map unfurled, Gandalf plucked up his pipe and set about lighting it with his fingertip. He
even forgot it was still lit and was burnt by it, but the occurrence didn’t seem to bother the
Man very much. I stared in wonder at him for a moment before he caught my eye and
winked. I didn’t fight the smile that responded. 

“Ravens have been seen flying back to the mountain, as it was foretold,” Óin spoke up from
beside Fíli, his grey brows peaked with deep furrows. “When the birds of yore return to
Erebor, the reign of the beast shall end.”



“Uh, what beast?” Bilbo asked, nervous clear in his voice and how he clutched his hands to
his chest. 

“Well, that would be a reference to Smaug the Terrible, chiefest and greatest calamity of our
age,” Bofur answered, pipe in hand as he gestured with his words, waiting for Bilbo to guess
what he was talking about with every new clue he gave. “Airborne fire-breather. Teeth like
razors, claws like meat hooks, extremely found of precious metals.” 

My head felt light and my vision began to blur as Bofur’s words resonated in my mind. I
could smell the smoke of Gandalf’s pipe, burning at my nose as if I were right beside him. It
smelt like Dinodas’ favourite pipeweed, a potent blend. 

“Yes, I know what a dragon is,” Bilbo’s voice echoed in my ears. 

Dragon. 

Feeling as if I were about to fall over, I steadied myself with a hand on the table. My sight
fogged for a moment. I tried to blink it away. 

“Rose?” Bilbo asked as he moved to my shoulder, having noticed my stumble for balance. 

My vision restored but it left an ache behind my eyes. When had the air grown so thick? 

“I’m okay Bilbo, a little tired.” 

He eyed me, but didn’t comment. 

Ori, who had before now had been quiet as a mouse, stood up, his face twisted in angry
passion. 

“I’m not afraid!” He shouted, cheeks rouging with scarlet rosettes. “I’m up for it. I’ll give
him a taste of Dwarfish iron right up his jacksie!” 

Some at the table cheered alongside him, fists meeting the table. 

“Good lad!” Nori cheered, thumping his younger brother on the back. 

“Ori!” Dori admonished. “There’s a lady present!”

“Sorry, miss!” Ori squeaked as his brother pinched his ear and pulled him back down into his
chair. 

Dori was not through. “Sit down!” He growled, giving his hand, and therefore Ori’s ear and
sharp shake. 

“The task would be difficult enough with an army behind us…but we number just thirteen.
And not thirteen of the best…nor brightest,” Balin observed, mouth set in a thin, grim line. 

“Here, who are you calling dim?” Nori demanded, leading the way for the rest to begin
arguing about how fit they were for battle.



Tensions mounted, and soon accusations were thrown about in place of fists. But it didn’t
look to be long before the arguments became physical. 

Bombur, during all the commotion, was the only one not arguing. Instead he was looking at
the rest of the pork pie in his hand, munching away contemplatively with a small frown
squeezing his small eyes together. I wondered what he was thinking of so heavily that his
enthusiastic chewing from earlier had slowed to the thoughtful chomp that now worked his
jaw. And just where was he pulling all this leftover food from? Did he have hidden pockets
on his person he had secreted food into during supper? 

“What did he say?” Óinasked, ear trumpet firmly in his ear. 

“We may be few in number,” Fíli stated with a strong, firm voice, thumping a fist onto the
table to extenuate his point. “But we’re fighters, all of us, to the last Dwarf!”

Thorin nodded at Fíli, which Fíli returned, a look of understanding passing between them,
and pride shining in Throin’s eyes. 

“And you forget, we have a Wizard in our company. Gandalf would have killed hundreds of
dragons in his time,” Kíli continued on from his brother. He sounded so certain of his words,
I wondered if he had ever met a Wizard before. Was dragon slaying a common occurrence
among them? Kíli seemed to believe so.  

“Oh, well, now. I wouldn’t say—” Gandalf began, clear his throat and smacking his lips as he
searched for words.

“Well, how many then?” Dori demanded, half out of his seat. 

“What?”

“Well, how many dragons have you killed?”

Gandalf remained silent, coughing and spluttering uncomfortably under their scrutiny. Smoke
rose from his lips even though he had not taken a recent puff on his pipe. 

“Go on, give us a number!” Dori cried, standing from his crouch as if he were about to
launch himself across the table to Gandalf.  

After his outburst, they all descended into anarchy, shouting and crying out at each other. The
tension from before now close to boiling over. 

“Excuse me, please,” Bilbo tried to intercede unsuccessfully, his voice barely heard over the
racket. 

We were only bystanders. I half wanted to get up and leave the room. I could wait if all they
were going to do was argue. Their anger left the air feeling hot and tight. It was not
something I wanted to be around. 

“Shazar!” Thorin bellowed and stood up. 



The Dwarves fell silent. I had the distinct impression that Thorin had shouted the Dwarfish
equivalent of ‘quiet’. Though, on second thought, maybe it wasn’t as polite as that. 

“If we have read these signs, do you not think others will have read them too?” He spoke
with such power, it left little doubt in my mind that he was their leader. “Rumours have
begun to spread. The dragon, Smaug, has not been seen for sixty years. Eyes look east to the
mountain, assessing, wondering, weighing the risk. Perhaps the vast wealth of our people
now lies unprotected. Do we sit back while others claim what is rightfully ours? Or do we
seize this chance to take back Erebor?” He raised a fist and clamoured: “Du Bekar! Du
Bekar!”

The rest responded triumphantly, fists waving in solidarity, cheers cried and smiles shared. 

“You forget, the Front Gate is sealed. There is no way into the mountain,” Balin struck down
their joy, though I could see it gave him no pleasure to do so. 

“That, my dear Balin, is not entirely true,” Gandalf said, producing a key from thin air. 

Thick, dirty and carved from stone, it looked old. Old enough to come from the stories Hilda
told to Daisy about beasts and fair maidens. A key fit for a quest. 

“How came you by this?” Thorin asked, mesmerised. 

“It was given to me by your father, by Thrain. For safe keeping. It is yours now.”

They all watched the key with a reverence I didn’t understand, but wanted to know. 

Breaking the spell upon them all, Fíli spoke: “If there is a key, then there must be a door,” 

The realisation of this spread across all the Dwarves faces and I could not find a fault in them
for looking like eager children. This sounded like a quest many years in the making. How
long had they waited? Was this their only attempt? Thorin had said before the dragon had not
been seen in sixty years, but I wasn’t sure of the significance of that. How long do dragons
live? Or, even, how long do Dwarves live? 

“These runes speak of a hidden passage to the Lower Halls,” Gandalf supplied, pointing to
the runes on the map with his pipe. 

Kíli gripped his brother’s shoulder, a wide grin on his face. 

“There’s another way in.”

Gandalf shrugged. “Well, if we can find it, but Dwarf doors are invisible when closed.” He
sighed, shaking his head. “The answer lies hidden somewhere in this map, and I do not have
the skill to find it. But there are others in Middle-earth who can.”

Bofur leaned forward to see the map, his brow pinched in curiosity. 

“The task I have in mind will require a great deal of stealth, and no small amount of
courage.” Gandalf looked to Bilbo and I. “But, if we are careful and clever, I believe that it



can be done.” 

“That’s why we need a burglar,” Ori stated, nodding as if now the plan only just made sense. 

“Hmm,” Bilbo agreed. “And a good one too. An expert, I’d imagine.”

“And are you?” Balin asked shrewdly. 

Oh. 

Bilbo blinked. “Am I what?” 

“He said he’s an expert, hey, hey!” Óinmistakenly celebrated, earning him a confused look
from Fíli. 

“Me?” Bilbo backed up a pace. I could see his hands beginning to tremble. “No. No, no, no.
I’m not a burglar. I’ve never stolen a thing in my life.”

“Well, I’m afraid I have to agree with Mr. Baggins. He’s hardly burglar material.” Balin
observed. 

“Nope,” Bilbo agreed. 

Thorin cast a watchful eye over his company and back, out of the corner of his eye to Bilbo
behind him. Did he truly expect Bilbo to steal from a dragon? Was this why he asked what
Bilbo’s weapon of choice? 

“Aye, the Wild is no place for gentle folk who can neither fight nor fend for themselves,”
Dwalin cast his opinion with a growl. 

“He’s fine,” Kíli argued back, slightly whining. 

The group then dissolved into chattering again. This seemed to be a conversation often had,
as Ori started to vehemently demand that he go with the group, and that he could fight when
the occasion called for it. During this, I noticed Bifur muttering away under his breath while
making graphic hand gestures of decapitation and what looked like the crumbling of
shattered bones…or was it the fluttering of ashes in the wind? 

“Enough!” Gandalf shouted, a black cloud spreading out from behind him to branch out to
the roof and walls, shadowing us all. I leant back in my chair and tried to keep from toppling
over. What was this? “If I say Bilbo Baggins is a burglar, then a burglar he is. Hobbit’s are
remarkably light on their feet. In fact, they can pass unseen by most, if they choose. And
while the dragon is accustomed to the scent of Dwarf, the smell of Hobbit, is all but unknown
to him, which gives us a distinct advantage.”

Gandalf sat back down, the darkness behind him receding. 

“You asked me to find the fourteenth member of this company and I have chosen Mr.
Baggins. There’s a lot more to him than appearances suggest, and he’s got a great deal more



to offer than any of you know…including himself.” Gandalf leant forward to Thorin, earnest.
“You must trust me on this.” 

The pair locked eyes and the entire room held their breath. Even Bilbo, who should have a
say in his being hired as a burglar, remained silent. 

At last, Thorin nodded. “Very well, we will do it your way.” 

Bilbo came back to life, looking around for a way out of the predicament he’d been cornered
into. 

“No, no.”

“Give him a contract.”

“Please.”

“We’re in. We’re off,” Bofur proclaimed, happy and completely ignoring the bleats of his
new, reluctant burglar. 

Balin stood, parchment contract in hand. “It’s just the usual,” he informed Bilbo, passing the
paper in front of me. It looked thick. “Summary of out-of-pocket expenses…time required,
remuneration…funeral arrangements so forth.”

Thorin, seeming annoyed by Bilbo’s lack of action, took the contract and tossed it over his
shoulder to him, clapping the parchment to his chest as Bilbo began to sort through the words
that had been spoken to him. 

“Funeral arrangements?” He questioned weakly. 

I felt rather faint myself. What did Bilbo’s new employment mean for me? Would they expect
me to remain here in Hobbiton alone while Bilbo went off with them who knows where?
Bilbo took the contract and unfurled it, sighing deeply when he saw the length of the
document. 

Thorin, meanwhile, had stood and was now leaning towards Gandalf, the two trading
whispers as Bilbo read aloud. 

“Terms: cash on delivery, up to but not exceeding one-fourteenth of total profit, it any. Seems
fair. Present company shall not be liable for injuries inflicted by or sustained as a
consequence thereof, including, but not limited to lacerations…evisceration…incineration?”
At this, he looked incredulously back into his dining room at the Dwarves watching him read
the contract. 

“Oh aye,” Bofur quickly answered. “He’ll melt the flesh off your bones in the blink of an
eye.”

None of the other Dwarves seemed alarmed by the contents of the contract. Had they signed
one too? Bilbo closed the contract, wavering a little on his feet, suddenly looking pale. I
could sympathise, feeling my gut lurch at the image brought to mind. 



“You all right, laddie?” Balin asked. 

“Huh? Yeah. Feel a bit faint.” 

Bofur stood, a mischievous look in his eye. “Think furnace with wings.”

Bilbo tried to fan himself with the paper. 

“Air…I—I need air.”

“Flash of light, searing pain, then poof. You’re nothing more than a pile of ash.”

There was a moment when we all watched Bilbo, and for a second I thought he would be all
right, but then again…he was looking peaky.

“Nope.” Bilbo then, rather promptly, fainted as he finished the last syllable of the word, onto
the rug with a thump. He didn’t so much as twitch once on the ground. 

“Very helpful Bofur,” Gandalf grumbled as he stood to help Bilbo. 

Bofur merely cocked his head in what I thought was faked confusion until he spoke.

“Odd little fellow,” he commented thoughtfully. “Even Kíli didn’t faint when I told him the
tale as a Dwarfling.” 

“Hey!” Came Kíli’s squark of indignation, and then the troop was back to good naturally
ribbing one another, their Hobbit host forgotten on the floor. 

I squeezed myself past them and helped Gandalf move Bilbo from the floor. There wasn’t a
doubt in my mind that he would have a sore head when he woke up. 

Chapter End Notes

So a few notes: Fíli's perspective takes place when he and Kíli first introduce
themselves, though I'm sure you figured that out. I wanted an overlap so we could see
how our boy reacted to Rose. Hope it lives up to expectations! He was a lot of fun to
write, and very different from Bilbo. There will be a lot more from Fíli's POV in the
future.

Please excuse my attempt at Bifur's lines in Khuzdul. I couldn't find an accurate
translation (or spelling) for the extended scenes, so I've tried my best as a dyslexic who
favours phonetics. I've indicated Bifur is speaking Khuzdul through italics, and to show
it isn't the correct spelling. Not sure if I'll keep this format up for the rest of the lines
spoken in Khuzdul, what do you think?

Because there is no conclusive evidence for the exact ages of all the Dwarves, I have
been using this handy equation I found on Tumble to give them what I feel is roughly



their true age at the time of events (in this story, not in canon): Dwarves
Age/3.28=equivalent human age. For example, canonically Thorin is 195 when he dies
and is born in TA 2746, and Balin is said to be born in TA 2763, which would make him
younger than Thorin. However, I like what Peter Jackson and his team did in the movies
by putting Balin as an advisor for Thorin and an elder. So, I've decided to do the same.
I've fiddled a little with their ages to give my best approximation of how I feel they
range in age in this story. Some are a little closer in age than I would like, my maths was
never my strong suit (any fellow dyscalculiacs in the house?) This means that Balin is
265 when he dies in Moria, rather than 231. But Dwarves are purported to live between
250 to 350 years, so there's some wiggle room.

So ages are as follows: (Dwarf/Human)

Fíli: 82/25

Kíli: 77/23

Ori: 92/28
Thorin: 195/59

Dwalin: 182/55

Balin: 212/64

Dori: 174/53
Nori: 136/41
Bifur: 197/60

Bofur: 140/42

Bombur: 130/39

Óin: 229/69

Glóin: 180/54

Thank you to everyone who read, left kudos, bookmarked, and commented! I see you,
and love you all! Hoping you are all well, fed, medicated, hydrated, rested, and cosy!

Take care of yourselves and each other, love x



Chapter 7: Some Answers
Chapter Summary

Change is coming.

Chapter Notes

Disclaimer: I own nothing but original character and my original storyline for her. The
Hobbit, LOTR, and other subsequent works belong to the Tolkien estate. All creative
output by Peter Jackson, his interpretation, and movies belong to him and the relevant
parties, including the actors interpretations and their acting choices.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

***

Rosalyn

Getting Bilbo into the parlour wasn’t as difficult as I had expected when Nori and Bofur lent
a hand, though they did chuckle to themselves the entire time. Kíli, still outraged that Bofur
had embarrased him in front of the rest, began refusing he had ever been close to fainting.
Ever. Even as Fíli began to regale all with reminiscences of his—and he made sure to stress
the younger when he titled Kíli—brothers antics. Some of which sounded recent. Kíli tried to
speak over him and proclaim what he viewed as bravery rather than fear or shock. The
majority of the Dwarves did not believe him, only made worse by Fíli’s increasingly
humorous, and judging by the smile beneath his moustache, good natured teasing. 

Their ribbing paused as Gandalf and I sat Bilbo up. When I looked into the dining room,
there was a noticeable mixed reaction amongst the Dwarves. I didn’t look long enough to see
who in particular spoke, but I heard several mutterings expressing less than favourable views
of Bilbo. What did they expect? Coming to a Hobbit's home, unannounced, eating all his
food, and scaring him half to death? I was beginning to see why Hilda and Bilbo shared a dry
sarcasm. Their outlook seemed to be the best fortification against constant weariness. 

Gandalf muttered something once we got Bilbo upright, a moment later he was half lucid,
able to move his legs so we needn't drag him. After sitting him by the fire in the parlour,
Gandalf again muttered something and Bilbo blinked away the last of his sleepiness. He did
indeed have a sore head, much to his annoyance, proven by his grumbling complaints about
sudden shocks. I fetched him a cup of tea in his favourite mug before reentering the kitchen,
leaving him and Gandalf to talk. Bilbo would no doubt have some stern words to share with



the Wizard. As entertaining as it would be to watch, I felt it wasn't a conversation I should sit
in on. 

In the kitchen, the Dwarves had accumulated. There was an empty place left at the table, even
as they squeezed into the room. I knew then that I was about to face my own reckoning, and
my gut exploded with a sensation like crawling worms. Many gave brief smiles as I entered,
and Ori waved from his cramped position from between Dori and Dwalin, behind Thorin’s
back. If I didn’t know better, I would say that some of them looked as nervous as I felt. But
what would they have to be nervous about? 

The kitchen was clean of debris from their feast, and most of the crockery had been put away.
I dearly hoped in the right place and not in random locations around the home. Bilbo's
shredded nerves could not take much more tomfoolery. 

“Miss Rosalyn, shall we continue our earlier conversation?” Thorin gestured to the empty
space on the bench from his place opposite. 

Someone had placed a jug of ale for whoever sat there. Most likely to fortify my constitution
so I wouldn’t faint like Bilbo. If their opinion of Hobbits wasn’t disenchanted before, it
certainly was now. 

To say I was hesitant to join them was an understatement. But I knew this was a conversation
I needed to have, sooner rather than later.

I sat, moved the jug to one side, and they crowded closer. 

“Where shall I begin?”

“You’ve been here a week?”

“I woke up a week ago to the day, yes.” 

Some of the Dwarves began whispering to each other, and I tried to ignore them, but Fíli’s
eye caught my own as he frowned. Blue beneath his flaxen brows, they felt brighter than the
sun at noon. Heat rose within me as I struggled to pull my gaze from his. Want to continue
looking and never stop stabbed in my gut with the force of Daisy running into me. What was
this? My palms dampening, face warming, even my the tip of my nose was tingling. I cursed
the fire at my back. Someone had fed it before I had entered.  

Stern words broke through the dull ringing in my ears. Dwalin and Balin gestured as they
both spoke to Thorin. Their leader never took his eyes off me. His gaze was different to Fíli's,
colder, withdrawn. If Fíli's gaze was the summer sun, then Thorin's was a winter gale. The
penetrative nature of both shocked me, but for different reasons. 

This was what I feared. For them to see me and left wanting. 

My name rose out of a pocket or two of conversation.  I knew from the vehemency with
which they had spoken that my being alone was a rare thing. Something that caused even the
gentle Bombur to frown and glare with vim at the tabletop. Was it something they could



remedy? Or something they wanted to remedy? I knew they could take me with them, but the
matter of their quest remained an obstacle. One I was certain I could never understand the full
weight of. 

“And you had nothing with you to identify yourself? Or your family? Your clan?” Thorin
clarified, unmoved by the chattering around him. 

“Nothing.” 

“You are sure you have nothing, lass?” Balin pressed, leaning forward from beside Thorin,
his brow peaked by fluffy eyebrows. He gestured with his hands as he spoke and I noticed
how worn his gloves were. “Nothing at all to tie you to a clan or family? It could have been
the smallest thing. No detail is too little, I promise you. There was no jewellery, no satchel or
cloak?”

“I have only the dress I woke up wearing.” I wasn’t sure what else they expected me to say.
What else could I have on my person when all but my clothing had been left? 

As it had before, my lack of provisions and supplies distressed the group. Dwalin cracked his
knuckles as he leant to the side and spoke with Glóin. The brutish metal plates over Dwalin’s
knuckles creaked with the movement. 

“And were you injured?” 

Thorin’s question brought my attention back to him. With his placid features and closed off
expression, I couldn’t read his impression of me. Did he believe me? I wondered if he had
seen the healed wound at the back of my head. I had undone the intricate plait Hilda had
shown me when I’d come home. Bilbo had inquired after it conversationally, but hadn’t gone
out of his way to gawk at my head as Daisy had when the stitches had come out. My scalp
still felt a mite tender. 

“Yes, there were scrapes on my hands and knees, it looked like I had fallen. I had a piece of
wood, a splinter about so big.” I gestured with my thumb and forefinger, much to Ori’s horror
whose eyes widened as they stared at my fingers. Even Dori shook his head as his cheeks
paled. “Embedded in my ankle. I was bruised from hip to shoulder across my back. Hilda, the
one who healed me, wouldn’t say more than that about it. She thought I may have bruised
ribs, I was in pain for some time afterward. If I move too quick even now, my back will
protest.” 

Thorin nodded, unaffected at my list. “Anything else?”

I reached up to the back of my head, feeling the tender flesh beneath my hair. “I had a head
wound. The stitches came out this morning. It’s still a little sore.” 

“Óin.”

The elder Dwarf was already on his feet, shuffling towards me with his ear horn at the ready.

“Might I take a look, lass?”



“Of course.”

He frowned and leant forward with the ear horn stuffed into his right ear. “What was that?”

There was a groan from several of the party, but no one explained to him what I had said. A
laugh chuffed out of me as I realised they must have all been together for a while. Common
curtsey had been and gone, as far as their interactions with other were concerned. 

“Of course,” I said a little louder. How did he practise medicine if he couldn’t hear what his
patients ailments were? Or was Glóin on hand to help with the explanation? 

I parted my hair and turned for him, wincing at the pull on the still delicate flesh. Glad to be
rid of the stinging, itching pain from the stitches, I was left with an aching sensation. I
adverted my eyes when I caught Fíli watching me. Óin’s fingers probed my scalp with care,
never pressing very hard. For a Dwarf and with his large hands, he had a gentle touch. 

“By my beard, lass. How old did you say this wound was?”

“About a week, why?” 

He continued to prod at my scalp. I could see his ear horn hovering near my head. No wonder
he could hear me. 

“Whoever patched you up, they did fine work," he observed. "Very fine indeed. However,
head wounds are always trouble. Did you have any effects from it?”

“Some headaches, neck pain.” 

“And do you still have any pain?”

“No, not really.” 

Óin then sat beside me, pushing Bombur along the bench and began to inspect my hands. His
ear horn was abandoned on the table as he set about taking stock of my palms, hemming and
hawing under his breath. I looked with him. Small pink marks were the healing thin cuts I’d
had, and a faint green tinge around my wrists. I imagine a hard floor like bare wood boards or
even rocks had impeded my fall. Nothing new, nothing shocking. 

Thorin cleared his throat. “And aside from your name, what else do you remember?”

Pausing, I thought of all the little moments I had recalled since waking. Shaking off the
murky understanding that accompanied my dreams, I focused on those that felt real. True.
Honest. Maybes and half-truths wouldn’t help me here. 

“Snippets, like I said. A hand giving me a plate of shortbread, a voice calling my name. Some
moments walking through grass, others of a stone room with a fire in the hearth. I remember
feeling water on my skin and a harsh breeze through my hair.” I sighed, knowing it wasn’t
what they wanted to hear. “But no faces, no names, no places, nothing about my family.” 



“Well,” Thorin began, his eyes appraising me as Óin let go of my hands. “I would say you
have not yet reached full adulthood, going by your physical features. You don’t have
sideburns, so I would put your age nearer to sixty than to seventy. There were no beads in
your hair?” 

My hand went to my hair, feeling the texture of my curls and tugging on them, careful to
keep my ears covered as per Dwalin’s instructions. I now knew what he was talking about
beforehand. Would they work out my heritage from my hair? Was wearing no beads a sign of
not being a full blooded Dwarf? Something clenched in my gut and I fought hard against the
urge to run out of the room, out of the smial and straight to Hilda’s. Towards what I knew
was safe. 

“Beads? No, it was loose.” None of them shouted with outrage, but a few shook their heads.
Kíli reached up to his own hair and patted something out of my sight. “Why? Should there
be?” 

Their leader was sad, and unsurprised. He’d expected my answer. “Some Dwarves chose to
adorn their hair with beads and clasps. It can show family ties and engagements," he
explained. "It would have told us to which clan you belong.” 

Belong? I wasn’t sure I liked his use of the word. Bilbo had told me a little about Dwarf
clans, what little he knew from his books. Dwarf clans were private, rarely moving from
outside of their territory. So much so, that Dwarrowdams were rarely, if ever seen. But the
way Thorin spoke, it sounded like clans weren’t a part of a Dwarf’s identity, the Dwarf was a
part of the clan’s. 

Dori turned from his spot near the fire and showed me the sliver clasp gathering his braids
over his hair. It was fine work, finer than any silver work I had seen in Asphodel’s stall.
There were intricate runes around the edges and an image, rather like a stamp in the centre. 

“This was my father’s. It bears the mark of the Broadbeam clan.” He indicated to the stamp
on the clasp. “You have nothing like this? It wouldn’t look exactly the same, only similar.”

“No, no I have nothing like that.” 

This caused unease around the room, many shifted in place, arms were crossed and heads
were shaken. 

“Well,” Thorin spoke up, louder than the group’s dissatisfied voices and they quietened.
“While I cannot say with any certainty what happened to you, we can agree that you are in
safer hands now.” 

“What do you mean? Are you saying you will you take me with you?”

“I have not decided,” Thorin admitted, pursing his lips. “We will be journeying on the road
for months, without respite. I would prefer to escort you back to my sister in Ered Luin.
However, I must take into consideration that time is not on our side, and I fear our task takes
precedence.” 



Bilbo had a map of Middle Earth I had studied extensively in my first few days here. Though
it hadn’t turned up any memories for me, I had looked at it every morning afterwards. Each
day, I hoped  that it would be the day my memories returned. 

I knew that the mountains were north of the Shire, spanning a far reach across the land. With
forests at its feet, and the ocean to its back, the mountain range held many people. If the
Dwarves called it home, could others? Dwarves the company might not know of? The sheer
size of the world baffled me. My kin hadn’t been that far away from me after all. I did
wonder, in those first few days, had I come from the mountains too? Bilbo mentioned that the
settlement there was made up of many clans. Could mine be a part of it too? But if it had, if I
had lived there, the Dwarves would have recognised me. 

“Is that where you are all from?” I asked, trying to take my mind off of finding my home.
The scale of the task before me was beginning to sink in. Would I be able to search without
help? 

“Yes, though the aim of our quest is to retake our ancestral home, Erebor.”

They all came from Erebor? The Lonely Mountain? Now Gandalf's subterfuge made less
sense. 

“You’re related?”

Some laughed as I inspected them all for likewise features, and Bofur laughed loudest. 

“We haven’t introduced ourselves, lads!” He crowed, grinning. “Where are our manners?”

The earlier sombreness of our conversation vanished, instead an agreeable grumbling
sounded before they all, bar Thorin, stood, forming a neat line around the room. Thorin stood
when they were assembled and bowed to me, a regal smile pulling at his lips. He looked
years younger when he smiled. 

“Miss Rosalyn, it is an honour to meet you. I am Thorin Oakenshield, son of Thráin, son of
Thrór, prince regent of Erebor, and Lord of Ered Luin.” 

For a moment I was shocked into speechlessness. A prince? He was royalty? Then,
remembering myself, I hurried to stand and knocked the bench backwards with my knees.
Without any Dwarves sitting on it, it buckled and skittered along the flagstones. Flushing, I
curtsied to him, nodding in greeting. Before I could greet him back as I was sure was
expected of me, Fíli stepped forward and bowed. His eyes gleamed in the candlelight, and he
has a wicked tilt to his lips beneath his beard. Was he laughing at me? 

“I am Fíli, son of Víli, prince and heir to the throne of Erebor. It is an honour to make your
acquaintance, Miss Rosalyn.” 

He was a prince too? And I had entertained thoughts of how handsome he was! What other
impropriety had I committed? But, heir to the throne of Erebor...he was Thorin's son?
Nephew? Cousin? A relation of some sort, close enough that I could now see they shared the
bridge of their noses. 



Before I could form any response, one by one, the rest of the group all stepped forward and
bowed to me. In the cramped quarters of Bilbo’s kitchen, their polite introductions reminded
me of Daisy’s rag dolls and the pantomime conversations she made them perform. While I,
their hapless audience, stood agape at them. 

“Kíli, son of Víli, prince of Erebor.”

“Balin, son of Fundin.”

“Dwalin, son of Fundin.” 

“Óin, son of Gróin.” 

“Glóin, son of Gróin.”

“Dori, son of Náin.”

“Nori, son of Náin.” 

“Ori, son of Náin.” 

“Bofur, son of Brokkr.”

“Bombur, son of Brokkr.” 

Bifur stepped forward and Bofur introduced him. “Bifur son of Baldr.” 

Bifur bowed and when he stood again said: “Lanz galikh.” 

The words were guttural, suiting the rugged Dwarf they came from. Thick, harsh sounds
falling on the ‘g’ and 'n’ in a way I was unfamiliar with. It sounded like the language he had
spoken earlier to Bilbo and Gandalf. I hadn’t caught them, nor paid too much attention during
the chaos. 

Smiling at Bifur, I wondered what the appropriate response would be. The rest of them were
watching me, expectant. Was this another sign I was not a proper Dwarf? If I claimed to
know it, I would surely be found out later on. My only hope was to tell the truth and trust that
they wouldn’t judge me. 

“I’m sorry, but what language was that?” 

Silence followed my question. 

Each one of them stared at me, eyes wide, some with brows furrowed. Had I insulted them?
Or were they at last realising what I was? I cast a look back to the parlour, seeing Gandalf’s
back as he paced. But his and Bilbo’s presence were of little comfort when there was a
bundle of Dwarves between us. Dwarves who looked as if I had asked them a complex
riddle. 



Fíli was the one to shake off his confusion first. He took a step towards me and I tensed in
anticipation of rage. But he shifted his weight back, as if the realisation of movement
occurred a beat after moving. 

“You cannot understand Khuzdul?” He asked. 

“What is Khuzdul?”

There were several gasps and the urge to run intensified. My cheeks were flushing, I could
feel the heat as it rose up my neck and face, but Fíli was patient. 

“The language Bifur spoke,” Fíli explained, holding my eyes with his. “It’s Khuzdul, the
language of Dwarves.”

“Oh.” I licked my lips. “Umm, no, I’m afraid I didn't understand it.” 

“How can this be?” Thorin asked the room at large, but I felt the need to answer. Even if my
response lacked a true answer. 

“I don’t know,” I admitted, feeling small. “Am…am I supposed to understand?”

“Yes!” Came the answering chorus. 

“Every Dwarf is raised to speak Khuzdul, before they speak Westron,” Fíli explained after I
jumped at the sudden roar of voices. 

Balin shook his head. “How is this possible?”

 The company began talking amongst themselves again, but this time, it sounded like a
heated discussion I didn’t want to be a part of, but was the subject of. Sinking back onto the
bench, I felt small.  

“Later,” Thorin ordered when the conversation began to border the volumes of shouting. “It
is late, we can speak more on this whilst on the road.” 

General agreements were voiced. Though I doubted that there would be time for a linguistics
lesson in their travels. That was if they took me with them. I had noticed that no one had
asked me if I wanted to go with them. Both I and they seemed to have accepted that I would
without question. Still, I wondered if Bifur's words needed answering. 

Fíli, once again, came to my rescue. “He said good evening.” 

“Oh! Lannz galikha.”

“Lanz galikh,” Bifur enunciated, taking his time with the words so I could hear the cadence
of each syllable. 

I felt like a child taught to walk. What else had I forgotten? 

“Lanz galikh.”



“That’s it, lass,” Bofur praised, face brightening. “You’ve got it!” 

Pleased, I rose once more and curtsied to them all. 

“Then I should formally introduce myself. I am Rosalyn, and am pleased to meet you. I’m
afraid I don’t know my title or my mother’s name to greet you back properly.” 

They assured me I needn't worry. Sitting again, I ignored the stinging sensation in my eyes at
their pitying tone and placating gestures. Before, when it was only Bilbo and I, there was no
expectation for me to provide my parent’s names. And even though they were assuring me I
didn’t need to, I felt devoid of reassurance. This was a fundamental part of my being, and I
didn’t have it. What else was I missing that was so essential to being a Dwarf, to being me? I
suppose, I had a lot to remember about Dwarven culture. If I were to live among other
Dwarves, would this be a common occurrence? Would every introduction feature a void in
place of my mother’s name? How long until those I spoke to demanded an explanation? How
long before I had to face the reality that I may never know? 

“Rosalyn?” Balin called. 

“Yes, sorry, I was…thinking.”

He smiled, patient and kind. “Yes, we could see that, dear, don't fret. 

Now, what do you think of joining us?”

“Joining you?”

“On our quest to Erebor,” he clarified. “We will be leaving in the morning, would you want
to come with us? As Thorin said, it would be preferable to take you somewhere safer where
there are Dwarves to take care of you. But, given our need for urgency, we won’t be making
any detours.”

“I…may I think on it?”

“Of course.” 

Thorin rose to his feet. 

“We will leave you to your thoughts. Should you have any questions, any of us will be able to
answer. You need only ask.”

“Thank you.”

Thorin left with Dwalin, Fíli, Balin and Kíli in tow. The younger two and Dwalin lingered
behind after Thorin left the room, nodding to me or, in Kíli’s case, smiling. Once they had
left, it felt like all the air had rushed into the room and I felt a chill despite the fire at my
back. 

Everyone remaining sat at the table. I knew they were watching me, but I couldn’t look up
from the dark knot in the wood. Eventually, they began their own pockets of conversation,



but still I did not look up. 

Everyone remaining sat at the table. I knew they were watching me, but I couldn’t look up
from the dark knot in the wood. Eventually, they began their own pockets of conversation,
but still I did not look up. 

While the others seemed to have forgotten about the circumstances in which I’d found myself
here, I had not. Dwalin’s words still sent a wave of terror through me, and the group’s
avoidance of the subject was not comforting. Not for the first time I entertained the idea that
my injuries were the result of maltreatment. Óin hadn’t said anything, my description alone
seemed proof enough for him. But how had I been injured? Looking at my wrists, I imagined
rope or shackles over the bruises, instead of the trip I had been picturing. I hadn’t told them
about the missing patches of hair as it felt too real. Having ones hair torn out at the root was a
rough, desperate attack. Even in my short time in Hobbiton, I had seen enough children
pulling each other’s hair whilst playing to know it was not the first port of call to harm
someone. 

How had I been so blind? 

Someone had wanted to hurt me, and had succeeded. These weren’t the injuries of mistakes
and accidents, they were purposeful. 

“Miss Rosalyn?” Ori’s tentative question rose above the quiet chatter of the other Dwarves.

Startled, I jumped in my seat. “Ye—yes, Ori?”

His mittens worried, I spied a loose thread between his thumb and forefinger. The Dwarf in
question appeared contrite at spooking me. His nervous demeanour was a small comfort to
the nightmarish turn my thoughts had taken. I wasn't the only one afraid here tonight. 

“Will you…I—I mean…would you….” He stuttered and stammered, but I remained patient.
His shy persona felt like a balm against the lingering air of disappointment left in the room.
“Well, no, maybe…are—are you going to be joining us?”

I found myself smiling at the Dwarf. While my past was uncertain, and my present peaceful,
within my future lay the opportunity to escape the role of abandoned, forgetful waif. I could
forge a path with these Dwarves, just as I had with Bilbo. Despite their anger at my lot and
outrage that I did not know their (my) language, they were kind. 

“In all honesty I would like to, yes.” The Dwarves turned to listen to me, and I felt more at
ease than I had before, more sure of my decision. Though Thorin’s warning still weighed on
my mind. “I’ve found people who are like me, I didn’t think I ever would. But would there be
any problem with my coming along? I wouldn’t want to cause trouble for you all.”

Poor Ori shook his head, wide eyed and nervous. He looked frantically at the other Dwarves;
I wasn’t sure if he was in need of reassurance or permission. Glóin took his hesitation as a
sign to intervene. 



“It’s not that we wouldn’t want you to come along, lass, it is just...” He sighed roughly and
shook his head. “You should never have been alone in the first place. That is where our
hesitation lies. There should have been someone with you. Or at the very least, you should
have had something that you could use to defend yourself with.”

His eyes drifted down to my hands, I knew he was looking at my wrists. So they were aware
of the danger I had no doubt faced. 

“Where we are going is not safe,” he continued, dark eyes fixed on my bruises. “Our journey
is no doubt going to be dangerous too.” 

“Aye, lass,” agreed Bofur. “It’s a tricky business, this situation of your’s.”

“Does this mean you don’t want me to come along with you?”

“Nay,” Glóin adamantly refused. “We want you with us lassie, of course we do. But in our
stubbornness, we would much rather you were safe.” 

My head was starting to hurt from their exhaustive repetitions about my safety. I didn’t
understand, wouldn’t I be safer with them than without? Yes, I understood they were
journeying towards a dragon. If I understood correctly, they were going to steal something
from said dragon. But they didn’t seem to understand why I wanted to go with them. For all
of Bilbo’s chivalry and kindness, he could not protect me if those who had harmed me
wished to do so again. 

The circumstances of my arrival to Hobbiton proved that someone somewhere had once
wanted to hurt me. What evidence did I have that they were done with me? I doubted that
whatever they had gained, be it my purse or a family heirloom, was of any real value when I
had so obviously sustained such a drastic trauma. My head wound, as Hilda had pointed out,
could not explain my missing memory. So simple an occurrence as a mugging could not
explain that. So the question remained, why couldn’t I remember? 

“Won’t I be safer with you? Safer than I am now?” I asked, pleading with them to see sense.
“Even if you are venturing somewhere dangerous?”

“Well, therein lies our problem,” Glóin admitted, sharing a look with Nori who sat beside
him. They seemed on edge, so perhaps they did understand why I was so insistent. They had
known of the Dwarrowdam Dwalin had told me of before. “You are safest with us…but you
will also be put in danger by being with us.”

“In danger? You mean from the dragon?”

Nori shook his head. “We are not expecting this to be an easy quest, even before we reach the
mountain. Some may attempt to stop us on the road.” 

“It does sound dangerous,” I agreed, thinking back to the wording of the contract they wanted
Bilbo to sign. “But, you are the only Dwarves I’ve met, and are likely to be the only Dwarves
I would ever meet staying here in Hobbiton.” 



Nori nodded. “True.”

I bit my lip. They weren’t understanding what I was trying to say. 

“I need to think.”

They nodded, pleased that their warnings had gotten through.

“Of course, lass.” 

“Take your time.”

“We’re here if you need to talk.” 

Stuffed full of Bilbo’s food and now drinking from mugs filled with cold, frothy ale, they
were content. While I was frustrated by their lack of awareness of my circumstances, I was
glad to see there were more similarities between Hobbits and Dwarfs than I’d first thought. 

“Thank you, all of you.” 

I exited the kitchen, intending on retreating back to my room to catch my breath. Bilbo
wasn’t in the parlour anymore and one look at Gandalf told me that their conversation had
not gone well. Or more accurately, not as he had planned. This entire night felt like a dream.
Dwarves and a Wizard appearing to take Bilbo away on a quest? What next? Daisy knocking
at the door demanding I come with her to see Elves drinking at The Green Dragon? 

Head full of thoughts, I watched the carpet beneath my feet, and bumped into someone
coming out of the pantry, mug of ale in hand. The mug sloshed, but didn’t fall, and a firm
hand steadied my elbow. I found my footing and stood with the help of the person I had
almost knocked down. Looking up, I found those eyes which had caught mine so often
tonight.

“Thank you, Fíli.”

His reply was as quiet as my thanks had been. “You’re welcome.” 

His hand remained on my elbow even after I found my balance, and Fíli kept staring at me.
Looking up at him, I couldn’t help but notice the freckles on his brow and across the bridge
of his nose. His beard cropped like Thorin’s, but his plaited moustache was entirely his own.
The way the braids framed his mouth was rather appealing, and there was a scent lingering on
him that whispered of pipe smoke and pine needles. So intoxicating was it, I found myself
leaning into him.

His breath caught in a gasp and I fell back onto my heels. 

What was I doing? He was a prince. A prince! I was…a nobody. I had no title, no family, no
claim to wealth, nor power, or status. Nothing. What made me think I could behave so
familiarly with him? My mind whispered of the close embrace he had held me in while we
danced, but I told myself to see sense as much as it pained me. 



Embarrassed, I could barely look up at him, ashamed of my thoughtless action. Peeking from
beneath my eyelashes, I had to smother my own gasp. He looked…entranced. His eyes
unfocused, and for a moment I was sure he had stopped breathing. Scared, I called his name
wondering where his thoughts had gone. He came back to himself in a rush, and let me go as
if he had gripped a hot iron. It was only then that I realised how his thumb had been stroking
the bare skin in the crease of my elbow. My arm tingled when the sensation of his swirling
thumb caught up with my senses. 

“Apologies,” he mumbled, sounding winded. 

“It’s all right.” 

We shuffled away from each other. The hallway was strangely empty of other people.
Whatever that had been between us, it felt intimate and I was glad no one had been around to
witness it. Yet now I wished for an easy escape from this awkwardness that hung in the air,
no matter how it came. 

“Will you come with us?” He asked, tone still hushed and rough. 

I had been looking down the hallway towards my room and was surprised when he spoke.
Wasn’t he as eager to run from this as I? 

“Do you want me to?”

Fíli shook his head, and the clasps at the end of his moustache braids swayed, calling my eye
to them and his mouth. 

“What I want doesn’t matter,” he insisted softly, so soft I could see their brush against his
bottom lip as they left his mouth. “It’s what you want to do that matters.” 

He moved towards me again and I didn’t know what to think, what to feel. All I knew was
that I wanted to move closer to him. I wanted to replace my hands onto his chest as they had
been when we finished dancing. To feel his warmth again. To be in the cradle of his arms
again. His scent clouded around me until all I could smell was him, so strong it grew I swear
I could see pine trees.

“I need a moment.” The words burst from my lips strangled, distorted, rushed. 

I needed to move away from him before I lost whatever sense I had left. 

Without pause, he moved to one side, eyes soft as he watched me. 

“Of course.” 

I left him and walked down the hallway, struggling not to run. I felt his eyes on my back until
I rounded the corner but I didn’t dare look back. 

 

***



 

Fíli

 

Watching Rosalyn walk away from him was a physical torment.

But for a moment, for a few precious seconds, she had been so close he could count her
eyelashes. While she hadn’t been in his arms as he had truly wanted, when she had leant
forwards it was the next best thing. Her breath warm against his lips, how soft the skin of her
elbow was against his thumb, the skirt of her dress brushing his trousers, a gravity defying
curl bouncing against his cheek as she jerked away. If only she had not moved back so quick,
Fíli would have taken her into his arms and been sore pressed to let her go again.
Consequences, and the mug he held, be damned. 

Before, when they had danced, holding her to him had been the greatest of pleasures he had
encountered in his life. Then, feeling her warmth so near just now, he’d felt all at once both at
peace and in utter inner turmoil. Sense had escaped him in favour of mindless adoration. Her
eyes weren’t as deep as the sapphires he had first compared them to in his mind, but darker
circle around the edge and lighter at their centre. There were sun birthed freckled around her
eyes, grouping up to her temples, and fine lines that spoke of a fondness for laughter. She
came up to his shoulder, and he fancied that her head would fit well in the curve of his
collarbone. He felt the want to hold and keep her close with a bone deep ache that unsettled
him. 

Her retreat reminded him how she had flinched back in the kitchen. How timid and nervous
she had been, and still was. What must she have been thinking in those moments? Yes, her
inability to understand and speak Khuzdul was shocking, but he wasn’t as surprised as he
thought he would be. Head traumas often resulted in changes to speech. Bifur being the
prime (and only permanent) example he knew. Perhaps that was why the elder Dwarf had
patiently waited for Rosalyn to understand him? The toymaker had been quieter since his
accident, but Fíli remembered a brighter Dwarf who had played and schemed with the two
young princes. Fíli wagered that Bifur would be only too happy to protect Rosalyn if she
joined their company. 

He knew what caused her distress, and it wasn’t whether or not she would be safe if she was
to accompany them. Fíli too was concerned, and had voiced this to his uncle when they had
left the kitchen. Thorin had listened, as he always did when his nephew gave council, and had
agreed that Rosalyn would be safer with them. He had told Fíli how troubling it was that she
had been left here with nothing at her disposal. They all knew what the bruises circling her
wrists were from, and none liked the thought. Why let loose a captive? One who could have
seen her kidnappers faces and be able to identify them? Fíli could only surmise that they
knew of her memory loss before leaving her. This made him sick to his stomach. To think
that someone chose to abandon her rather than kill her...sadistic only began to describe such
an individual. Dwalin and Thorin had admitted to seeing something similar, but when
pressed, neither would share any details. All his uncle would say was that he doubted those
who had harmed Rosalyn were gone for good. Fíli agreed. 



 

***

 

Rosalyn
 

 

My red dress swung from its hook as I closed the door behind me. Collapsing onto my bed, I
watched it and bit my lip. It was my best dress. But, that thought, that deep-seated inkling I’d
had sincefirst  seeing hung, now festered like an untreated wound. It was a lover’s gift. I
knew it in my bones, to my very core. The fine thread and rich fabric shouted wealth and
status, but the intricate flowers on the stays, and the white lace trim around the bodice spoke
of a more intimate origin. 

Not for the first time I wondered if I had a husband waiting for me somewhere. Now the
thought accompanied a pang of disappointment. I remembered Fíli’s eyes. How he had held
my elbow until I was steady. How never looked away first when our eyes met. How his
breath had caught when I had leant into him like some love drunk fool. How his scent both
calmed and warmed me. How I had felt him at my back, lingering in the hallway, watching
me leave him. Surely I wouldn’t feel this way if I did have a husband or betrothed? Life
couldn’t be that cruel, could it? 

Exasperated, I grabbed hold of my pillow and held it over my head as I dropped back down
onto the mattress. It was all too much. Why couldn’t I remember something, anything of my
former life? Navigating my way through social practises I knew nothing about, or feelings I
didn’t remember the reason for, was exhausting. 

How could I be expected to remember an entire language? An entire culture? Being a Hobbit
was easy enough. Or so my limited experience was showing me. Live peacefully, take up a
job for income to see you living comfortably, and be kind to all. There were examples to
avoid, such as Aldagrim Took, but in general, living in Hobbiton was relatively easy. Sure
they ate an excess of food, and some liked to drink and dance the merry night away down at
The Green Dragon, but they were a welcoming, happy folk. Bilbo had even commented that I
fit right in. As if I were always meant to be here, with him, Hilda, Dinoadas and Daisy in
Hobbiton. Sometimes it felt like I did. 

I enjoyed gardening with Bilbo and Hamfast. Chatting with Hilda as she taught me a new
stitch, or hunting for newts with Daisy. When it came time for meals, the wealth of food once
overwhelmed me, but now, I was eager to try tastes I did not remember. I began my day with
a stroll to the marketplace, and ended it sat on the garden bench beside Bilbo, watching the
sun set. It was a simple life, and I knew that it was all my life would ever be if I stayed. 

If I did stay, there was also the matter of those who had left me in that field. It hadn’t been
clear to me at first, consumed with worry about my lack of memories and the influx of
realistic dreams, that my waking might have been a mistake. Perhaps they had thought I was
dead, and left me? Why would anyone who took me to the outskirts of Hobbiton to leave me



for dead, come to see if I had been found, buried or burned? Sense told me if I stayed in
Hobbiton, I would be safe. But doubt liked to whisper of a more worrying option, that I was
being watched. Someone could be following me, and I wouldn’t know how to tell. People in
Hobbiton were approachable and conversations struck up over the smallest of things. It could
be possible that one of the many strangers who had greeted me was responsible for my pain.
But I couldn’t imagine that those who had hurt me were Hobbits, at least, the Hobbits I had
encountered. 

It was a problem I couldn’t solve without help and the Dwarves were offering to help me, at
least, protect me. I knew I had to leave with them, or else I would regret it for the rest of my
days. Because beside the part of my being that thrummed with contentment at the simlisicty
of my life here, there was another that grew restless. Was there not more to life than walking,
shopping, chatting and eating? What waited beyond the borders of the Shire? What wonders
could I encounter with the Dwarves, what mystery? Yes, I was afraid of going with them. The
fear of what lay ahead was beginning to plague me. Not only of what the journey itself would
entail, but what would await me after the task was complete. Could I stay with them at
Erebor? Would becoming a part of Dwarves soceity be that simple? I assumed they wanted to
reclaim the mountain once the deed was done. But how? They said themselves, a dragon lay
within the mountain. I highly doubted it would leave once Thorin had the right to rule once
again. Whatever that may be. I was still trying to understand why they needed to steal
something in order for Thorin to rule. What was it they wanted Bilbo to steal? What object
could hold such importance? 

Then there was Fíli to consider, with his understanding eyes and blush pink mouth. This
uncontrollable onslaught of emotion he inspired within me rattled my nerves. I wasn’t obtuse,
I knew what attraction was, and that couples courted before marriage. There lingered in my
mind faint memories of blushing couples giggling in dark corners. Of shy smiles traded when
passing in a candlelit corridor. Even in Hobbiton, it was phenomon I couldn't ignore. When
Hilda, Asphodel and Rosie had caught wind of my inexperience with suitors, they had taken
to teaching me with vigor. Much to my horror. Asphodel had delighted in introducing me to
several eligible bachelors just this morning. Hilda had been no help, hiding gleeful smiles
behind her hand while I floundered to escape the eager grip of one bachelor who made it his
mission to detail to me all of his family’s accomplishments. Of which, I must admit, there
hadn't been many of note. Daisy hadn’t understood why he had been so insistent, interrupting
him to declare we were going on an adventure. When he had asked if he could accompany us,
she’d shaken her head. 

“No, Rosie and I don’t play with boys.” 

And, thankfully, that had been the end of that, much to Asphodel’s mortification and Hilda’s
amusement. 

Pillow tossed aside, I looked down at the yellow dress I wore. It wasn’t my favourite of the
two Bilbo had bought me. I felt pretty wearing it, but pale. The light colour made me feel like
a ball of light, though Hilda and Asphodel had complimented it. Daisy, on the other hand,
preferred the green dress. As did I. The green was darker, the hue more like damp moss. I
thought it suited my complexion, what little of it I could make out, though I didn’t mention
that to Bilbo. 



My eyes drifted back to the red dress and I wondered how pretty I looked while wearing it.
Would Fíli think I looked pretty in it? Maybe I should wear it tomorrow? It was, I assumed,
the only Dwarven made item I owned, perhaps wearing it would help me to feel more a part
of the company? Though it was of fine make and delicate design, it was travel worn. More
suitable for walking than the thinner, longer skirted gowns Bilbo had bought me. But would
the Dwarves recognise the design? There could be something about the dress that was a clue
to my past I and others didn’t know to look for. Could it help to find my family? Or was it
just a piece of clothing and I was reading far too much into it? More to the point, would the
Dwarves reaction to the garment be positive or negative? I hadn’t given it a second of
thought, but now I wondered over the possibilities: could the dress hold some significance I
was ignorant of? A significance that would read as a slight to the Dwarves currently bunking
down in Bilbo’s parlour. 

All these questions, all these possibilities hurt my head. Even burying my hands in my hair
and tugging, unable to let out my frustrations any other way, did not ease the pressure behind
my eyes. 

 

***

 

Walking back towards the kitchen, intent on making myself a peppermint tea, I was once
again accosted by Fíli. This time his hands were free and his eyes were bright as he took hold
of my hand. I liked how he threaded his fingers through my own. 

“You’ll want to hear this,” Fíli assured me. He didn't elaborate, and lead me into the sitting
room where the rest of the Dwarves had congregated to smoke. 

I noticed that none of them had sat in Bilbo’s seat, leaving it free for their host. Who had not
reappeared since walking out on Gandalf. The Wizard in question, was now sat at the kitchen
table and blowing smoke rings into the air while he ruminated. 

Fíli pulled me with him to the window seat, and at his ushering, I sat down, looking around
for any clue as to why he had brought me. None of the others made to explain. Fíli stood at
my side; for a moment I thought he would sit beside me and even shuffled to the side to allow
him more room. But he wasn’t looking at me, rather into the room at the other Dwarves. His
expression a mixture of expectant and mournful. He squeezed me hand once before releasing
his grip. 

As I was about to question him, the room began to fill with a deep humming. The room took
on an air of stillness that felt separate from reality. We existed only in this moment, in this
state of watchful sorrow that I could feel ebbing from each Dwarf. The fire popped and
crackled in the hearth, but the cheerful flames now cast long shadows onto the walls.

“Far over the misty mountains cold,” Thorin began to sing in a deep, warming voice. He had
a far away look on his face, turned to gaze into the flames, his pipe forgotten in his hand. “In
dungeons deep, and caverns old.” 



One by one, the rest joined him in song. The youngest members of the group continued to
hum the tune, the elders singing as if mesmerised. I had the distinct feeling that this was a
song for the elder of the group, singing about their pain and sorrow. So tangible was their
grief, I could feel tears stinging my eyes and a tightness around my chest like a compressing
band. It only increased when I listened to what they were saying. 

“We must away, ‘ere break of day, to find our long forgotten gold. The pines were roaring on
the height, the winds were moaning in the night. The fire was red, it flaming spread. The
trees like torches blazed with light. The wind was on the withered heath, but in the forest
stirred no leaf: there shadows lay be night or day, and dark things silent crept beneath. The
wind went on from West to East. All movement in the forest ceased, but shrill and harsh
across the marsh, its whistling voices were released. Farewell we call to hearth and hall!
Though wind may blow and rain may fall, we must away ere break of day. Far o'er the wood
and mountain tall.” 

They finished singing, and the room held its breath, with the fire lulling into a low light, no
one reached to feed it. Fíli was away with his thoughts, lost so deep, there was a glaze over
his eyes that frightened me. This preoccupation with Erebor and finding what was hidden
within the mountain plagued each of them. Yet, the look in Fíli’s eyes was a deep yearning
bordering on hunger. A longing I couldn’t understand, and wasn’t sure I wanted to. 

Balin, after a long moment of contemplative silence, came and sat beside to me in the
armchair under the window. He gave a deep sigh, a gloved hand patting my own that I hadn’t
realised I had clasped together in my lap. 

“That is a song about the day we lost Erebor to that vile worm,” Balin informed me in a quiet
voice. 

He had a far away look on his face, like most of the room. However, the elder Dwarf’s voice
held a lot of his grief. I wondered if the singing had taken him back in time and his mind had
not yet returned to the present. Had Balin been there when the dragon took Erebor? 

“It is…I have no words,” I admitted, feeling listless and useless. 

“It is our pain,” Thorin replied, looking decades older than he had while we spoke in the
kitchen. “And our hope to never again encounter such destruction.” 

He turned to face me with a sigh, finally taking a puff from his abandoned pipe. 

“After the dragon came, our people were disbursed in the mayhem. I took as many as were
able onward towards Dunland where we lived for many years before we made our way to the
Blue Mountains. Over the decades, many other Dwarves who had lived in the mountain but
had not come with us, found their way to Ered Luin. Many of them had been thought dead.
Perhaps, your family was part of this dispersal?” 

“Perhaps,” I considered, feeling my chest tighten. “There are too many maybes in my past.
For all I know, they have been dead and gone for years now. I’d hardly know. Bilbo and I
tried to jog my memory by looking through his maps, but…nothing. I can’t even remember
my mother’s face.” 



A sob caught in my throat and broke apart the last word. Bilbo and I had been hypothesising
my origins based upon my mixed heritage with little to show for it. But I hadn’t considered
until Thorin’s story that I might not have anyone left in the world. Had my family been killed
by the dragon? As I was gathering many had. Or, more sobering, that I was alone on purpose.
Abandoned because of my heritage. Thorin himself had said I was still young, sixty years is
nothing to a Dwarf. Had I always been alone, drifting from place to place? My memories the
kindness strangers had shown me along my way? Would the company help me if they knew
what I was? Dwalin hadn’t reacted so terribly when he saw my ears, but he had said things
would go smoother if they were hidden. And yet...the thought of lying even by omission
twisted my gut. 

“Here, lass.” Balin offered a handkerchief, patting my arm much in the same way Bilbo did
when he couldn’t think of the right think to say to me. “No need to hide your tears. A good
cry does you a world of good, trust me.” 

I chuckled into his handkerchief. 

“I haven’t cried since I woke up in that field,” I admitted. “It…it felt like a dream. Waking
here, without a past or present. It’s only now sinking in that I—I might not have a family to
find.” 

“If you have family still alive, we will find them.” Fíli spoke unwaveringly, moving closer to
hover at my side. 

Again our eyes met, and once more I tried to ignore the pull that urged me to fall into him. 

“Thank you.” 

We were all quiet for a while, letting the last moments of sadness drift over the room. Some,
like Bifur, had closed their eyes, their pipes finished. It made my heart heavy to look around
them and not see the joyful troop who had sung and danced with Bilbo’s crockery only hours
ago. 

“I would like to help you, if I can.” 

“We would be grateful of your help, Miss Rosalyn,” Thorin thanked me with a smile.
“Without a burglar we’ll surely need a moral boost.” 

I shouldn't have been surprised, given what I knew of Bilbo and what I had gathered from
their quest, but still it bothered me. 

“Bilbo isn’t joining you?”

“No, it appears not.” 

That meant only one would know of my true heritage if I were to travel with them. It would
be a matter of time before my ears were exposed, or some other happenstance that revealed
my lineage. I turned to find Dwalin. The larger Dwarf was leant against the far wall, his arms



crossed over his chest. He knew the question that lay in my eyes and nodded, though his
mouth twisted into a grim line. 

“I would like to share something with you.” 

Holding my breath, I tucked several curls behind my ears and bared them to the room. All but
one gasped. Dwalin stood resolute, arms crossed over his chest and his hands clenched into
tight fists, looking like he was ready to take on anyone who raised an issue about my ears.
For the corner of my eye, I could see Fíli’s hands also make tight fists, knuckles whitening. I
daren’t look at his face and see whether he was angry or disgusted. Balin hid his emotions
well, his face a blank of expression. 

When I looked up, I locked eyes with Thorin. He had moved towards me, his earlier smile
had contorted into outrage. 

“What is this?” He demanded. “What are you?” 

Injured, I shrunk back. What was I? What did he mean? Dwalin reached out and put a staying
hand on Thorin’s shoulder. 

“The lass is a HalfBlood,” he explained. “She’s part Hobbit.” 

Thorin’s anger left and he gaped at me. 

“A HalfBlood?” He whispered. “But how?” 

Around me, the room broke into hushed murmurs. Flushing under the attention, I shied away
and into the cushioned seat.

To my right, Balin shifted, gaining my attention. 

“There hasn’t been a halfblooded Dwarf in centuries,” he explained. I noticed he was making
a point to look directly at me, and not at my ears. 

I almost covered them back up, but a voice in my head (that sounded rather like Bilbo) told
me that I had nothing to be ashamed or embarrassed of. Any prejudices they had against me
were their own. No Hobbits had been hostile to me. The Dwarves had no reason to be either. 

“Why?”

Balin grew uncomfortable. “It is a long, complicated story, my dear.” 

They all fell into an uneasy silence. Clearly no one wanted to broach the subject. My gaze
was avoided and feet were shuffled. It was Bifur who approached me, tentative as if I were a
cornered animal. His dark eyes soft and his face open. He sat beside me and smiled, speaking
in Khuzdul again.

“I—I’m afraid I don’t understand,” I admitted, fearful of offending the softly spoken Dwarf. 

Someone cleared their throat. 



“He said, that we all look different, but we are Dwarves, and you are one of us,” Bofur
answered. 

“He’s right." It was Nori who spoke up.

This was met by a cautious chorus of agreement.  

“You all think that?”

“Of course, lass,” Balin assured me. 

Tearful, I thanked them. While they might not be certain of their agreement, I had a feeling
they were not the sort to lie so openly about this. My being a HalfBlood had unsettled
something deep within them all, even Kíli and Ori, who had watched with wide eyes. If I
wasn’t going to discover what the cause of this unease was now, I  hoped that when we knew
one another better, they would tell me. 

Their leader cleared his throat. 

“Miss Rosalyn, I would very much like you to accompany us on our journey,” Thorin
announced after sharing a look over his shoulder with Dwalin. “However, I understand that
this place has become your home, and I would never want to take you from your home. But, I
must say that as Dwarves we do feel this need to protect you, even if we are headed toward
danger. We will be able to protect you if you come with us. We cannot offer that protection if
you stay here.” 

“Will you be wanting me to replace Bilbo as your burglar?”

Thorin’s face softened into a small smile. “No, I will not.” 

For a moment, I hesitated. Should I tell them about my dreams? That I had seen Thorin
before in a dream? It felt like I was stood at the edge of a precipice, if I leant one way or the
other I would be either saved or doomed. But if I told them, which way would I fall?

“Then yes, I will join you.” 

“I am glad.” 

 

***

 

Bilbo had retreated into his bedroom. I knocked and waited for him to call me to enter. 

“Bilbo?”

I opened the door to see he was lay fully dressed on his bed staring into the fire in his small
hearth. 



“You’re leaving with them?” He questioned even before I had closed the door behind me. 

I suppose I shouldn’t have been shocked. He knew me as well as I did. 

“Yes.”

He nodded and sat up, sighing heavily, running a hand through his curls. 

“I knew this day would come,” he admitted to the floor, dour. “But I thought it would be
many months, even years down the line.” 

Stepping forward, I knelt on the floor beside his bed to look up at his face. When he saw he
couldn’t hide his expression from me, he gave me a wan smile. 

“If they can help me, I have to try.”

“Oh, yes, yes, of course you do, my dear,” he assured me, brown hands flapping. “Of course
you do. I never meant otherwise, it’s just, well, I’ve rather gotten used to having you around.”

“So you’re not coming too?” I prodded, hoping he would tell me Thorin had it wrong. That
he was coming too. And that what he and Gandalf had discussed were merely the terms and
conditions of his contract. If I was going with the Dwarves, I didn’t want to leave behind the
first friend I ever remember having. 

“No,” he said, deflating any hope I had. “No, I think that adventures of this nature are better
suited to Dwarves, not to Hobbits.”

“But I’m not either,” I protested. “Not a full blooded Dwarf nor a Hobbit and yet I’m going.”

He smiled patiently. “Yes, you are. And you’ll be taking a part of me with you.”

“Whatever do you mean?” 

“Here.” Bilbo stood and crossed to his chest of drawers, reaching into the bottom drawer. “I
want you to have this.”

He drew out a dagger the length of my forearm. It was encased in a dark leather sheath and
attached to a pretty, but sturdy leather belt with a silver buckle. 

“Bilbo! Oh, it’s beautiful!”

He smiled and handed it out to me. “It was my mothers.”

“Oh! I can’t—”

“Yes,” he retorted, taking one of my hands and placing the dagger into my palm. “You can.
She would want you to have it. She might have married a Baggins, but at heart she was
always a Took.” 



Clutching the dagger to my chest, I could smell the same perfume that had been on the cloak
he’d given me. “What does that mean?”

“It means that…it means that she would have been proud to know that her dagger is not
collecting dust anymore.” He spun round to face the dresser again, sniffing and wiping at his
eyes before he span on his heel and threw up a stern finger in my direction. “And you’re
keeping the cloak too!” 

I knew better than to argue with him by now. 

“Thank you, Bilbo.” 

I held the dagger close and sat at the edge of his bed while Bilbo pottered about and fetched a
backpack from the bottom of a large wicker basket. 

“It wasn’t even an entire day ago that you weren’t convinced I should go looking for
answers,” I reminded him. 

“This is different,” he argued, folding two handkerchiefs and packing them into the bag.
“You’ll have company, protection.” 

I watched him find a cream coloured shirt and a pair of soft brown corduroy trousers. I
reached out and fingered the materials, wondering when I would need to change into them on
the road. I didn’t remember ever wearing trousers before. 

“Bilbo?”

“Yes?”

“Do you think I should have told them? About my dreams?”

He sighed. “I think you did the right thing, my dear. With a delicate situation such as yours, it
is natural to be cautious. While they are Dwarves, we do not know why you were abandoned
or by who.”

“You think it was because of my dreams, don’t you?” 

I thought it was the most likely of reasons after my mixed heritage. If it was as rare and
strange as Bilbo believed, what did other races believe of my dreams? If Thorin had asked
what I was when he first saw my ears, what would he say when he found out about my
prophetic dreams? His words echoed in my ears for a reason different to my blood. If my
dreams were real, and I was seeing the past and future, then what was I? 

Bilbo gave a long sigh, bowing his head towards his chest. In the shadows, he was older than
his years and time had not been kind. 

“I think it was a factor, yes.”

I remembered the many weapons the Dwarves had shed for dinner. 



“Should I keep it a secret?” 

“Perhaps,” he considered, lips twisting. “Then again, perhaps they can help. There is no way
of knowing without telling them. I’m sorry that I don’t have the answers you need, Rose.”

I nodded, beginning to feel the nerves of my impending departure. This would be my last
time here with Bilbo, all the things I knew and understood for an unknown length of time.
Tomorrow morning brought with it the dawn of something new, and the unknown, as well as
the end of the safety I had been so lucky to find in Hobbition. 

“I understand.” 

"You'd best get some rest. I imagine they'll want to leave early tomorrow." Bilbo patted my
hands and rose to pack the selected items into the bag. 

“Yes, they want to depart at dawn. I hadn't thought to pack...thank you."

"You're welcome. How are you feeling?" 

"Excited to be with Dwarves, to learn about a part of my heritage. But I'm also scared of the
unknown...of the danger they are so adamant we will be in." 

Bilbo nodded along as I spoke, eyebrows furrowed when I mentioned potential danger. 

"Most of all, I know I will miss you, and Hilda, Asphodel. I’ll be sad to leave Daisy,” I
admitted, wondering what she would think of all of this. She would have loved to see the
Dwarves arrive, and had taken great pleasure in joining them all for dinner. I had a feeling
she’d fit right in when they’d begun throwing food. 

“She’ll be sad to see you go.”

“I should tell her I’m leaving, shouldn't I? At least say goodbye, to leave without a
word...she'd never forgive me.”

He nodded, smiling at me, a twinkle in his eye that mirrored the spark I so often saw in
Hilda's. “I think it would be for the best. I know she and Hilda would be glad you let them
know. It would also save me from their wrath when they discovered you missing.” 

That made up my mind. “Then I’ll go tonight. What time is it?”

“Nearly eleven,” he observed his mantle clock. “Dinodas will still be up, he likes to see the
fire down to embers on the warmer nights before bed.”

“I won’t be long, Bilbo,” I said, standing, feeling like spiders or ants were crawling along my
bare feet. “Shall I take that key you had cut?”

“No, my dear, don’t worry. I only locked the door because of Gandalf earlier, but never mind
now.” 

 



***

 

I made my way back to my room, clutching the backpack Bilbo had given me in my arms. As
I passed the parlour, I saw the Dwarves sleeping in various places, some more comfortable
than others. Snores shook the floorboards, and I couldn’t help but smile. When I turned to go,
the hair at the back of my neck stood up. I was being watched. 

Looking back into the shadows cast by the dying fire, I couldn’t see the gleam of any eyes,
but the feeling did not go away. It wasn’t an uneasy feeling. In fact, it was pleasant. Warm,
and stirring a sensation in the depths of my belly. Some small part of me hoped my phantom
observer was a certain fair haired Dwarf, but sense told me I was imagining things. 

 

***

 

Knocking on Hilda’s front door, I cast glances all around, wary of her neighbours. What
would the gossips think of my visiting in the middle of the night? Dinodas answered in his
dressing gown, eyes creased as he took me in. 

“Rosalyn?” He asked, looking around for Bilbo behind me. “Whatever are you doing out so
late? Is something wrong?” 

“No, no, nothings wrong, I just—I have some news.”

“Come in, come in,” he ushered. “I’ll fetch Hilda, she’s doing some mending.”

The house was quiet, dark and cool. A shadow of how it was in the daylight. How long
would be it before I saw this house again? If ever? No, I had to return. No doubt dragged
back by the little Hobbit who I knew slept down the hallway. Bilbo had pressed upon me the
fact that I could call Bag End my home now. Had insisted upon the fact until I had agreed. 

"You have a home to come back to," he had whispered as he embraced me. "The door will be
open, and you know that tea is at four, don't you?"

I'd nodded, tearful and trying to bite back sobs. 

"Good." When we pulled apart from each other, Bilbo too had been blinking through tears.
"Now, go say goodbye to them so you can get as much sleep as possible. I've a feeling you'll
need it." 

When Hilda came from a room down the corridor, she was as worried as her husband. 

“Rosalyn? What is it?” She demanded, her eyes were darting over my body, looking for
wounds no doubt.



“I’m sorry for calling so late. Everything’s fine, I promise. It’s all a bit, odd, in truth,” I
admitted, unable to keep my hands from fidgeting. “Bilbo and I were visited by Dwarves
tonight.”

“Dwarves?” The word was an empty echo, full of confusion. 

I nodded. 

“Do they know you?” Dinodas questioned, moving to seat us all at the kitchen table. “Is it
your family?”

“No, and no, unfortunately,” I confessed, pausing to chew on my lip. Why was this so
painful? “But they have offered to help me find my family. They are leaving tomorrow
morning and I’ll be leaving with them.”

They both stared at me, mouths agape and unblinking. 

“Leaving?” Dinodas finally repeated. “Tomorrow?”

“Yes.”

“So soon?”

“I’m afraid so. They’ve offered their help to find my family, and I can’t refuse.” My
explanation felt flat when I saw their faces fall. “I don’t know when I’ll meet Dwarves again
here in Hobbiton.”

They were both quiet for a moment. 

“I understand,” Hilda said at last. I had a feeling she was hiding how she truly felt, but, like
her daughter, I found her hard to read. “It’s a shock, is all.” 

Dinodas nodded, reaching over to take Hilda’s hands in his own. “But we’re happy you’ve
found a way to look for your family.”

Hilda smiled and I saw tears welling up in her eyes.

“Just remember to come back and visit, eh?” Dinodas asked, smiling crookedly. 

Tears muddied my sight and I tried to sniff them back but a hot droplet fell down my cheek.
How many times would I cry tonight? 

“I promise. Will you tell Daisy for me? We’ll be leaving very early and I wouldn’t want to
wake her up to say goodbye. She'd only insist on coming with me.” 

The realisation of how Daisy would react stung like gripping onto a nettle with my bare
hand. 

“We will," Hilda assured me. "But you’ll have to come back, because if not she’s liable to
track you down.”



“I wouldn’t put it past her,” I tried to laugh but the sound was strangled. “I will come back,
this is the only home I know.” 

Hilda stood and embraced me, pulling me to her with a fierceness that took the breath from
my lungs. She smelt of soap and lavender water. She smelt of comfort. 

“We’ll miss you.”

“I’ll miss you too.” 

 

***

 

Chapter End Notes

Thank you for all the hits, favourites and kudos! You're all gems!

Apologies for the wait, life got in the way and while I'm posting this story here, I am
also still writing it and updating it on FanFic too. Also, sorry this chapter is full of inner
thoughts etc and not much action. I will make up for it!

Khuzdul: 

Khuzdul translations are taken form Dwarrow Scholar. They have a wonderful,
extensive log of Neo-Khuzdul taken from Tolkien, David Solo, and other sources. I
decided not to italicise the Khuzdul as I was writing a chapter and turns out there will be
much more used later on! So to save myself the trouble of making sure every Khuzdul
word, and your eyes the confusion, it will all be in a normal font.

Lanz galikh : Good evening (literally: evening good)

Trivia:

The Broadbeams are one of the clans from the Blue Mountains. As it is never noted
which clan Dori, Nori, and Ori hail from, just that they joined Thorin in the Blue
Mountains before leaving on the quest, I imagined that they may have been a part of a
clan which came from the mountains all along.

Rosalyn's inner thoughts about her attraction to Fíli and how to function in society are
inspired from my own personal experiences as an (recently diagnosed) autistic trying to
find her way through the social muck of politeness and the 'rules' of society. I never
intended to write Rosalyn as autistic, but I am now finding that all my characters seem
to have aspects of myself in them because I have never understood what it is like to be
neurotypical. I just never knew why I felt different. It's this feeling I wanted to capture
in Roslyn now. She's feeling isolated, while everything is telling her that she shouldn't



be feeling that way. So she is making herself feel guilty for not being able to
do/say/think/feel as she believes she should.

Names: 

I've taken some creative liberties with the names of some of their fathers. In all my
research, I haven't found consistent names for each Dwarf's forebears. Or in a couple of
cases, any names. But I have tried to remain consistent with the use of Dwarf names,
using a tried and true classic within the Durin line for the Dwarves who are a part of it. I
looked to Old Norse names for the rest.

Baldr : the Old Norse form of Balder.

Brokkr : the Old Norse for 'badger' and the name of a Dwarf in Old Norse mythology. In
the mythology, Brokkr is the brother and assistant of Sindri, a a talented blacksmith. The
pair made several magical items for the gods, including Odin's ring Draupnir and Thor's
hammer Mjölnir. I thought that using a name which translates as badger was fitting for
Bofur in particular as he's often written as a miner and, well, underground...you get it.

Also, I know that many people have taken inspiration from the behind the scenes
footage from The Hobbit where Jed Brophy, Mark Hadlow and Adam Brown agree that
they are only half brothers, having the same mother but different fathers. But I didn't like
this, and it didn't fit with what I had planned for them. I imagine them living in close
quarters in the Blue Mountains and this had led to their interesting (chaotic) family
dynamic. Also, in the behind the scenes, it was mentioned that Bofur, Bombur, and Bifur
were the only ones who are not descendants of Durin. I like this, as it gives the company
a selection of Dwarves who are not going to Erebor merely because of their heritage, but
perhaps to seek a better home.

Titles: 

I'm not entirely sure of the proper title for Thorin. What do you call a prince who was
never banished/lost a battle for his title/usurped? If anyone knows of a word(s) I'd be
really interested to hear about them! I felt regent suited him here as "(a) regent (from the
Latin regent: ruling, governing) is a person appointed to govern a state pro tempore
(Latin: for the time being) because the regent monarch is a minor, is absent, abdicated
the throne, is incapacitated or dead, or unable to discharge the powers and duties of the
monarchy." (Wiki). As Thror was killed before he abdicated the throne, Thrain
disappeared before he was crowned, and Thorin too never had a coronation, this felt the
more suitable title.

Stay safe and take care my loves! X



Chapter 8: First Steps
Chapter Summary

A new dawn, and new beginnings.

Chapter Notes

Disclaimer: I own nothing but original character and my original storyline for her. The
Hobbit, LOTR, and other subsequent works belong to the Tolkien estate. All creative
output by Peter Jackson, his interpretation, and movies belong to him and the relevant
parties, including the actors interpretations and their acting choices.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

 

***

 

Rosalyn

 

Waking was a slow thing. Blinking away gritty sleep stuck to my eyelashes, I was aware of
cold air and the smell of woodsmoke over my skin. My legs fettered, but wrists free. Had I
not woken? Was I still trapped in the dream that felt of heat and tasted like bitter ashes?

 

Fighting the restraints around my legs, I sat up to see my window open and a dead fire in the
hearth. The bounds, my blanket, tangled around my calves tight as shackles. Unlike the other
dreams, this one escaped my waking mind with frustrating ease. It left imprints on my
subconscious like footprints in wind blown dust. Whatever I had dreamt, be it memory or
vision, I could not recall any part of it now. It left only the uneasy weight of anticipation and
the feeling of soot under my fingernails.

 

Chirping birdsong from the ajar window helped to sooth my nerves, and it took a moment for
my heartbeat to calm. Had my anxieties about leaving Hobbiton affected my sleep? I suppose



it wasn't too big of a leap to make. I was nervous, and excited. At last I was going to see
Middle Earth beyond the borders of Hobbiton. I couldn't wait. The unknown of it terrified
me, but it was a good fear. Much the same as the feeling that had overcome me when I
knocked at Bilbo's door.

 

How far I had come since that first night.

 

How much I had accomplished, and how well I had adjusted given the circumstances. It
didn't seem real, but it was a comfort to know I had not succumbed to wasteful panic. That I
had navigated what was bound to have been the most challenging moment of my life and
move beyond it, felt monumental .

 

I had done that. Me. I had found my feet and walked in the pitch blackness, with only the
stars and the hoot of an owl for company. I had gone from doorway to doorway, seeking help.
I had knocked on Bilbo’s door. I had not lain and wallowed in terror at the nothingness in my
head.

 

I had done something. Not allowed the unknown to intimidate me into inaction.

 

An attitude I wanted to continue, and show the Dwarves I was as steadfast as their and my
race were known to be. Given what awaited us, and the troubles no doubt coming our way, I
would need to utilise as much of this mindset as possible . Difficult as it was when I
remembered Daisy's sweet face, and Hilda's easy smile. Of the pig chase in the market that I
now knew to be a weekly occurrence. Of Asphodel's quick acceptance and apologetic eyes
when I had explained my feet.

 

I would be leaving everything I knew within an hour to two. But, if I didn't leave now, I had a
feeling, this gut instinct, that I never would in the future. That I would spend my days eating,
drinking and living a happy life here. Happy, yet void of a key building block that made me
who I was. I also knew that the chances of ever knowing everything I had forgotten was slim,
but I had to hope and I had to try. Even if it meant leaving the only safety I knew.

 

 

***



 

 

The first fingers of sunlight crept across the horizon, bathing the sky a soft dulcet orange. It
was a beautiful sight, soft rises of every hill basked in an amber, pinkish glow. Dewy grass
glistening, bright headed blossoms illuminated like lanterns in neat gardens.

 

"Bakn galikh."

 

The owner of the deep, croaked voice appeared to my right. Though dressed, he was sleep
rumpled. I wondered if I looked as dishevelled. His braids looser than they had been the night
before, and his cheeks fabric creased. The sight of the red lines brought an unexpected surge
of warmth to my chest. Did he toss and turn in his sleep same as me? Or fist his pillow to his
face as I had seen Daisy do? I hadn't checked on the Dwarves as I passed the parlour on my
way outside and feared I woken him.

 

"What was that?"

 

"Bakn galikh," Fíli repeated. The language we should share sounded milder from his lips than
it had from Bifur's. "It means good morning."

 

"Oh!" Was he teaching me? "Then, I should say, bakn galikh to you as well. Correct?"

 

He chuckled, nodding as his eyes wrinkled.

 

"You're getting the hang of the accent," he praised. I was sure that wasn't true, but I couldn't
give life to a reply when he smiled at me and all thought vanished for a moment. "We'll have
you fluent in no time."

 

I was sure he hadn't meant it in any way other than flattering, but I began to worry. Had they
spoken about my inability to speak and understand Khuzdul last night? Had Thorin changed
this mind about my accompanying them? Fíli didn't give anything away in his expression,
and moved forward to stand beside me, looking out at the view.



 

His profile was regal. I could see the face of a prince now. The shape of his nose straight and
noble, while the purse of his lips was lush and indulgent. Still, the faint scent of woodsmoke
and pine wafted from him. What was it about those scents on him that made my fingers
twitch? Made me want to reach out and take his hand in mine? I ignored the impulse, and
looked out onto Hobbiton too, drinking in the view.

 

The Green Dragon's doors were wide open, I could see someone sweeping in the doorway.
This early, the market stalls had not yet been set up. But down the lane, I spied provisions for
market day stacked in one or two gardens.

 

"Will you be sad to leave?"

 

"I will," I admitted, nodding. "But, I know that this is not where I came from. I want to find
my family. It feels like I need to or the endless possibilities of what I don't know will drive
me mad."

 

He made a soft humming sound. "And if the worst has happened?"

 

I had already considered that. Right from the first night, it had been a strength ebbing fear
that rotted outward from the depths of my mind. What if I was alone? The fear had threatened
to consume me in the quiet of those first nights. It had taken several days of Bilbo's persistent
company and hearty warmth to prove otherwise .

 

"Then, I will find a new family. A new home," I told him as much as I told myself, choosing
to ignore the tightness in my throat and how my voice shook. I watched as the sun continued
its path upwards, not wanting to see pity in his eyes. "Or, I may come back here. It feels like
a home should. Bilbo has said his door is always open should I ever want to come back."

 

His voice was soft as the sunlight. "So, you would live here with him?"

 

"I suppose so, yes."



 

"But why? There are so many clans out there. Dwarf clans," he clarified, "who would be
honoured to have you among their ranks."

 

He sounded confused, not frustrated or angry, but curious. He wanted to understand my
decision, at least, I hoped so.

 

"That's it," I pointed out. "Bilbo told me how Dwarf clans work. Well, what little he knows
from his books."

 

Fíli snorted, and I chuckled. I wondered if he and the others had seen the books Bilbo had in
the parlour. If I found them to be incomplete, I could only fathom at what Fíli and the others
could see missing from within them.

 

"I don't want to be 'among the ranks'. I want to be an individual. I want to be able to stand on
my own. I'm not averse to joining a clan, far from it, but I hardly know who I am. It feels as if
I would become lost amongst a clan, with a family or not. There would be friendships, ties I
could never hope of emulating. Decades of history, of heritage, I don't have and might never
understand. Finding my family only answers my questions about my past. It doesn't dictate
who I will be in the future. Clan or not, I need to discover who I am without the influence of
others. Only then can I decide whether joining a clan would be beneficial, to myself and the
clan."

 

I hadn't spoken so much without interruption before. I felt somewhat heady and dazed; the
words had flowed from me without pause. Hearing them, I agreed with myself, but I hadn't
thought it through quite like that before.

 

If he disagree with me, he didn't say. After a moment, I saw him nod from the corner of my
eye.

 

"An honourable quest."

 

"Like yours."



 

We fell into silence, watching the landscape come alive. The air around us felt tight, like
cloth stretched too far. Something would have to give soon to relieve the tension.

 

When he spoke again, he was quiet. "It is not for me, nor any of us to judge how you spend
the rest of your life, Rosalyn."

 

I ignored the way the deeper register of his voice made my fingertips tingle.

 

"I sense there's more that you wish to say on the subject."

 

He sighed. "You would be a rarity, Dwarrowdam do not…leave." He stressed the word, but it
wasn't bitter or resentful. "It is not done. We are a race which stays together."

 

I was unable to withhold my scoff.

 

"The clans might not be so perturbed by my joining them when they discover I'm only a
HalfBlood." The bitterness in my voice surprised me.

 

Fíli was quiet, and I wondered if I had said too much. He was a prince after all, and I had
insulted his race.

 

"Fíli?"

 

"I cannot argue with you," he admitted, careful, choosing each word with precision. He gave
a heavy sigh. "You're right. As much as I wish my elders were more accepting…." He trailed
off, shaking his head. "There is a prejudice that hangs over even the most honourable, like
my uncle. It is a sad truth that they have reason to be cautious of the unknown."

 

The unknown.



 

I was an unknown. How many more labels would I acquire before our quest ended? Hoping
he didn't mean it as a slight, I tried to see my situation as an outsider would. How would a
Dwarf who did not know my circumstances react, meeting me?

 

My experience in Hobbiton couldn't compare. There were few parallels I could draw between
what I knew of Hobbits and what I knew of Dwarves. Except for a fondness of food. Their
attitude to strangers? Unfathomable. Even the company, for so small a number, held a
hodgepodge of feelings towards me. The prevailing emotion may be positive, if a mite
cautious. Yet, I had seen the hesitation in some of their actions, words and manner, too often
for doubt not to spawn.

 

It would do me no good to ignore it.

 

"I understand." The words at last came from my lips in a whisper. "As I said, I could come
back here, after we're done."

 

"To the Shire?" He asked, turning at last to look at me.

 

"Hobbiton," I confirmed. "Bilbo's offer is generous."

 

"But why the Hobbit?"

 

"He's lonely."

 

Fíli grew quiet and contemplative, tearing his eyes from me to look down at his feet.

 

"Would you be happy here?" He finally asked, voice quiet under the sound of an approaching
a cart and pony.

 



" I think I would." I knew I would be. I also knew I would never stop questioning what might
have happened if I had remained with the Dwarves. "And, well, perhaps you could all visit
us?"

 

I turned to face him and caught his soft smile.

 

"I would be honoured."

 

We stood again in companionable silence, watching as more signs of life popped up around
us. As the sun began to warm the air, rays of light shone upon Fíli's face and hair, casting him
in a golden aura. If he had not introduced himself as a prince last night, I may never have
thought him regal until this moment. Not if he persisted in throwing crockery about, and
scooping me up into his arms to dance. With the sun bathing him, I could see the face of a
future king. Imagining a crown on his brow was of little effort. He held Thorin's strong
profile, though his forehead did not peak as high, and his nose was shorter.

 

"That's a beautiful dress."

 

His eyes met mine, a flash of blue in the gold shine of him. Had I been staring at him? Had
he noticed?

 

"Thank you." I ran my hands over the skirt, fingering the embroidery. "It's the one I woke up
in."

 

His interest piqued, he tilted his head. "It is?"

 

Could he tell me anything about it? Did embroidery have meanings to Dwarves like the beads
in their hair?

 

"Yes…do you recognise it?" I held out the skirt, showing the shortened hemline and the
stitching we had saved. "Hilda said that the embroidery was unorthodox for Hobbits. Is it
possible that it's Dwarven? From what I've seen, Hobbit clothing isn't as intricate as this."



 

Fíli apprised the dress, and though I knew he was looking at the garment and not my body, I
still felt my cheeks flush. It was difficult not to squirm as his gaze traced over the skirt, the
bodice, the arms and back down again.

 

"It is of Dwarven make," he at last confirmed when I could bare his silence no longer. He
reached out to brush the sleeve at my elbow, and the fabric caught on the rough pads of his
fingers. "It would have cost a pretty penny. This isn't some hand-me-down, it was made for
you."

 

I looked down at my sleeve, and saw the callouses on his hand before he pulled away. There
was a white, wrinkled scar on the heel of his palm. It looked to be longer than my index
finger, and was almost the width of his hand.

 

"It was?" I asked, frowning at the scar, wondering after the injury, and if the area still pained
him? "How can you tell?"

 

"The fit, the fabric, the lace," he explained.

 

I glanced back up in time to see his jaw clench. His ease hardened, all evidence of sleepiness
clearing from his features. His shoulders fell back, eyes sharpening to flint, and hands
bunching into fists by his side. Where had the golden prince, rumbled from slumber and
drowsy, gone? And who was this steel-eyed warrior who now stood before me?

 

"What is it?"

 

He shook his head, lips pressed so tight they paled.

 

"Nothing." He shook off my concern. "If you want to know more, Dori will be of more help
than I."

 



With that, he offered me a stiff smile before turning on his heel and walking back into the
house. Baffled, I could only watch as he left. He was angry, that much was clear, but why?
What did this dress tell him that angered him so? And why did his sudden absence leave me
feeling hollowed out and bare?

 

Alone on the hill, the dawn did little to warm me in comparison to the blaze Fíli's fingers left.

 

 

***

 

 

Back inside, the air was thick with silence. No one wanted to wake their reluctant host. Not
even Gandalf, who sat in the kitchen, hands clasped on the table as he watched the Dwarves.
There were no words exchanged about readiness. All the packs were by the door ready for
their owners to pick them up. The company tidied with the same precision as they had
washed up the night before. Cleaning the carpets, rearranging the parlour furniture as it had
been. Even sweeping up all the crumbs left from their food throwing last night.

 

Fíli avoided my gaze as I passed him in the hallway, and despite my best efforts, I still looked
for his eyes to meet mine. Kíli stopped in his tracks when he saw his brother step around me.
I gave him a smile, hoping he wouldn't ask me what was wrong. He didn't, following his
brother with a small frown.

 

I was left to my own devises; finishing my own packing was easy. I already had everything
Bilbo had given me the night before squared away in the backpack. My nightgown was the
sole exception. I folded and left it in the dresser, knowing I would not have the luxury of
changing on the road. It could be a token to remind me to return. That there was some part of
my life still here to pull me back, some remnant of normalcy.

 

I was the last to leave the smial, but no one tried to hurry me. I took a moment to go about
and touch mine and Bilbo's chairs. Saying goodbye to him in person would be too painful, I
knew that. Our tears shed the night before were proof enough. But as I spied the contract left
on the ottoman, I couldn't help but smile. There was hope Bilbo would come with us yet. I
took out the dagger Bilbo had given me the night before. He had been so adamant I should
have it, but now it could be the push to get him to follow us. Even if only to give it back to
me.



 

Placing it beside the contract, I took a deep breath.

 

This was it.

 

Fastening the cloak about my neck and shouldering my pack, I took another deep breath as I
stepped over the threshold . Was it only a week ago that I had done the same fortification to
approach the circular door? It felt more like a decade.

 

They were all there waiting for me, some with sympathetic smiles, others with solemn eyes.
Still, Fíli did not meet my gaze. Gandalf stood at the open gate, staff in hand as he watched
the parlour window. Had he been the one to leave the contract?

 

Bofur closed the door behind me. He reached out and patted my shoulder.

 

"Endings always mean new beginnings," he told me, smiling wide before walking down the
steps.

 

Taking a last look at the holly green door, I followed him.

 

"That's very wise," I said and he laughed.

 

"It's very stolen," he retorted. " Don't tell my mother, she'd have my hide!"

 

 

***

 

 



Led by Gandalf, we were a sight, traipsing through the lanes. People came out of their homes
to watch us, wide eyed as they saw the Dwarves. Several rubbed their eyes as if to check they
weren't dreaming, much to my amusement. It reminded me of Bilbo the night before and his
insistence that the company was appearing from thin air. When some Hobbits saw me, some
they smiled and waved. It warmed my heart to know that Bilbo wasn't the only reason people
had acknowledged me this past week. Others called out, asking where I was going and what
was occurring. Their concern was flattering, and with every vague answer I gave, the
gossiping that drifted down the hill increased.

 

I was answering another question when a voice, young and feminine, shouted: "Rosie!"

 

"Daisy?" I wondered aloud, not seeing her anywhere.

 

What was she doing about so early?

 

"Rosie! I'm here!"

 

She was behind us, running as fast as her legs could take her until she launched herself at me.
Her arms going about my neck, spry legs snapping around my waist. My arms came to hold
her to me as I stumbled under her sudden weight. Though small, she knocked the breath out
of me.

 

"Where are you going?" She demanded, shrill. "Who are they? Where are they taking you?
Why are you leaving?"

 

"Oh, Daisy, darling," I lamented, finding that leaving the Shire was not going to be as pain
free as I had imagined.

 

"Everything all right?" Kíli asked as he came to a stop beside me.

 

Daisy turned her sharp eyes onto him.



 

"You!" She half shouted as she stared him down with a cross frown. "Where are you taking
my Rosie?"

 

Kíli blinked, unsure whether or not to take the little Hobbit seriously .

 

"Your Rosie?"

 

"Yes!" Daisy answered, sounding all the more desperate. I could see water gathering in her
eyes and the tip of her nose reddening. "She's mine and you can't have her!"

 

"What's all this?" Fíli asked as he approached.

 

"You better leave my Rosie alone!" She was quick to threaten him as he appeared at Kíli's
side, a brandished finger wagging with a ferocity that rivalled her mother's .

 

"Easy there, little lass," Fíli placated, holding up his hands in surrender. "We're not gonna
hurt her."

 

The other members of the company were standing ahead of us. Thorin the only one waiting
with clear impatience. I could see Nori and Bofur chatting together with large grins curling
on their faces. Meanwhile, Gandalf conversed with Farmer Worrywart about his tubers.

 

Daisy paused her scolding, watching Fíli with a shrewd expression. The tears held at bay, but
she sniffed and rubbed her nose.

 

Her voice wobbled as she asked, "You're not?"

 

"No, Daisy," I reassured her, having to rearrange her in my arms as she began to slip. She
clung to me, hands clasping together behind my neck, her fingers tightening on the back of



the cloak. "They won't hurt me. I thought your mother would have explained everything to
you?"

 

Her lower lip disappeared into her mouth as she bit down on it.

 

"She said you were leaving."

 

I suppose I was foolish to think Daisy would have reacted any other way. She had most likely
heard I was leaving and blotted out anything else her mother had told her. It wouldn't surprise
me if their front door was still wide open, and her breakfast abandoned on the kitchen table .

 

"I'm going with them."

 

She blinked at me, owlish. "But why?"

 

"They're Dwarves," I explained, and watched as she took in the rest of the company over my
shoulder. "And they can help me find my family."

 

Her eyelashes became wet as she sniffed again.

 

"But, but you already have a family! Here!"

 

"I know I do, sweetheart," I tried to soothe, feeling my own tears threatening to spill. "But, I
need to find out where I came from."

 

She again bit her lip, her hands coming around to fist in my dress as she buried her face into
my neck and let out a semi-dry sob. I held her to me with equal fierceness, feeling a pain in
my breast. This is what I had wanted to avoid by telling her parents. How could I leave her
when she looked at me with tears in her eyes? When she so adamantly told me I already had a
family? When it felt like by going with the Dwarves, I was betraying her?



 

"But why?" Her question came out croaked.

 

As well as I could, I rubbed her back and pressed a kiss to her forehead.

 

"So I can come back here with all my questions answered."

 

She took a moment to digest my words. Her face didn't betray any emotion as to what she
was thinking when she lent back from my neck. Then, she narrowed her still glossy eyes at
the Dwarven brothers at my elbow.

 

"You're taking Rosie to her family and then bringing her straight back?" She questioned them
with a shrewd expression.

 

They began shaking their heads.

 

"You see lass…" Kíli started to explain.

 

"I said," she raised her voice, hands forming fists on her hips as she leant backwards in my
arms to pin them with her stare. "You're taking Rosie to her family and then bringing her
straight back? Right?"

 

Fíli was quick to catch on, nodding. "Right you are, little lass."

 

She watched him for along moment, ignoring the complaints beginning to voiced ahead of us.
It sounded like Dori lamenting the hold up and Thorin cursing ever entering Hobbiton. Fíli
too, ignored the interruptions, met Daisy's gaze and held it.

 

"Good," she said at last. "And if she's not back by midwinter, I'll come and find you!"



 

"We're going to the other side of Middle Earth, Daisy," Fíli pointed out, trying to reason with
her. "It will take many months. Maybe even a year."

 

She ignored his attempts. "If she's not back in a years' time, I'll come and find you!"

 

Though it was comical to see her threaten them both, who I imagine must have over fifty
years on her, I knew it was not an empty threat . To spare the brothers anymore of her
withering glare, I patted her back to regain her attention.

 

"If I cannot come back within that time," I compromised, "I promise to send word."

 

She turned to me. Her wet eyes and wobbling bottom lip pained me in a way leaving Bilbo
and bidding her parents goodbye hadn't. Sometimes I forgot how young she was.

 

"You promise?"

 

"I promise."

 

She weighed my words for a moment, sniffing.

 

Fíli cleared his throat and shifted his weight. "You think you could let her go now, lass?"

 

"Not till I'm ready!" She snapped.

 

Admonished, Fíli backed away. Kíli laughed at his brother, which earned him a slap upside
the head. I chuckled at her behaviour, so like her mother.

 



"Is cousin Bilbo going with you?" She asked, rubbing at her reddening eyes.

 

"No, he hasn't joined us yet."

 

"Yet?"

 

"He's packing."

 

Being optimistic, I wagered, but one way or another Bilbo would have to return the dagger.
When he did, I would try to convince him to join us, but Daisy didn't need to know that.

 

"Oh." She chewed on her lip as she digested my words. "So, where are you going?"

 

I couldn't tell her the whole truth, but I couldn't lie to her.

 

"On an adventure."

 

She brightened, tears and tantrums forgotten. "An adventure? Can I come?"

 

Adventure might not have been the best word to use. If there was one thing I had learnt about
Daisy, was that she embodied the famous Took bloodline. If it was searching for newts, or
going buttercup picking in the woods, she wanted to be the first to do it.

 

"I'm afraid not, sweetheart."

 

"But why?" She whined.

 



"If you came, your mother would be very angry at me."

 

"We don't have to tell her!"

 

The brothers chortled. I ignored them.

 

"Yes, I'm afraid we would," I insisted, much to her disappointment. "Because where we are
going is very far away and I don't want to take you from your mother and father for so long."

 

She sniffed again, and let out a hiccuping breath.

 

"I don't want you to go."

 

I rubbed her back, trying to ignore the sting in my chest at her forlorn expression. "I know."

 

"But you will come back?"

 

"I will, I promise."

 

She made me promise twice more before I could hear Hilda's calls for her daughter. Daisy
made a face that told me she had either snuck out or ran from home to come find me. She
wriggled to get down.

 

With one last hug, and a biting remark to the brothers about keeping their promises, she was
off. We watched her run back towards the market and I saw Hilda waiting there for her. She
raised a hand, which I returned, a dull goodbye after our tearful one. Kíli jogged ahead to
catch up with the rest of the company, but Fíli remained with me as I watched Hilda take
Daisy back home.

 



"Will you be all right?" He asked, all trace of his earlier tension gone.

 

For a moment, I contemplated running to Hilda. To return to the safety I knew I had here. It
took seeing Fíli's soft, concerned expression to remind me of what could yet lie ahead.

 

"I will be, in time," I replied, thankful that he was once again no longer avoiding my eye. "It's
hard to say goodbye to the only family I've ever known. At least now I've got something to
return to.”

 

He smiled.

 

"I'm sure Daisy will await your return every night," he said. He eyed the lane Daisy and Hilda
had disappeared down. "Though, I have to ask, what are the chances of her managing to
escape to come find you?"

 

Laughing, we turned and followed after the company as we spoke.

 

"Far greater than I would like," I admitted.

 

He laughed again, and I felt at ease. Since this morning and our conversation in the garden,
my skin had felt too tight, my insides roiling. Now, hearing his deep toned laughter and able
to smell the barest hint of pine from him, I was calm.

 

As we turned a corner, I wondered how I knew the scent of pine trees.

 

 

***

 

 



"Didn't I say it was a waste of time?" Dori grumbled.

 

The company had taken Bilbo's refusal to join them as a personal affront. Some were dealing
with it better than others.

 

"That's true enough!" Glóin agreed.

 

Thorin had been quiet during our trek. Even when the rest of had asked me about Daisy, he
had remained mute. Now, I could see his shoulders were tense as the current conversation
grew in strength and volume.

 

"Ridiculous notion," Dori continued, to the muttered agreement of several others. "Use a
Hobbit? A Halfling? Whose idea was it anyway?"

 

"Wait!" Came Bilbo's voice from behind us, breaking the sour air. "Wait!"

 

"Halt!" Thorin called from the front of the troop.

 

Beaming, I turned to see Bilbo panting as he ran up the incline towards us. He was red in the
face. Had he run the entire way from Bag End? Kíli laughed beside me but I ignored him.
What mattered was that Bilbo was here, even if he wasn't exactly fit.

 

"I signed it!" Bilbo called, smiling as he offered the contract up to Balin for consideration.
"Here."

 

The Dwarf perused the contract with a wry glance and an eyeglass. Bilbo shifted on his feet
and looked about at everyone as we waited. A few of the other Dwarves were smiling in
welcome. All of whom had bet on Bilbo's swift addition to the company after eavesdropping
on mine and Fíli's conversation . Notable sour faces included Dori, Dwalin and Thorin.
Though I couldn't be sure who was trying their hardest to hide their feelings, for all three
were frowning equally as deep .



 

"Everything appears to be in order," Ballin decreed with a secret smile in the corner of his
mouth. "Welcome, Master Baggins, to the company of Thorin Oakenshield."

 

There was a chorus of likewise greetings from the rest, but I noticed Dori rolling his eyes
skyward. Bilbo greeted them back, at a more sedate tone as he approached me, wagging a
finger as his young cousin had earlier.

 

" I believe I said this was yours to take and keep?" He questioned with pursed lips as he held
out the dagger.

 

I took it with a smile, hugging the dagger rather than him.

 

"Thank you, and you had, but I hadn't made you aware of the stipulation to my using it."

 

He cocked an eyebrow at me. "Oh?"

 

"That you come with me and it."

 

The barked laughter that left Bilbo's lips was echoed by the Dwarves around us, and I could
see Gandalf chuckling to himself too . I couldn't stop smiling, my cheeks were beginning to
ache. Bilbo shook his head at me, but his eyes held a fond warmth to them as he watched me
replace the dagger into my own backpack.

 

"We'll have to get him a pony," Thorin grumbled, guiltlessly interrupting the moment.

 

Bilbo, rather than being grateful for this acknowledgement of his accompaniment, looked
panicked.

 



"No, no, no," he pleaded, shaking his head as his eyes grew wide. "That won't be necessary.
Thank you. I'm sure I can keep up on foot. I've done my fair share of walking holidays, you
know?"

 

"Nonsense!" Kíli cried, clapping a hand on Bilbo's shoulder. "We're not walking the whole
way to Erebor!"

 

Bilbo paled and seemed to shrink under the weight of Kíli's hand.

 

"Come on Nori, pay up!" Óin called, before catching the small purse of gold with ease.

 

I looked ahead and saw that Nori wasn't displeased at losing the bet. In fact there was a small
grin on his lips that told me this was not going to be the only bet on this voyage.

 

Fíli and Kíli shared amused looks as they walked either side of me.

 

"One more," Fíli called, before catching his own purse with a chuckle. I eyed the bag but said
nothing, wondering when he had placed his bet.

 

Óin smiled at him. "Thanks for the tip, lad."

 

Tip? Bilbo was likewise confused and looked up to the Wizard who had moved to walk
beside him.

 

"What's that about?"

 

"Oh, they took wagers on whether or not you'd turn up," Gandalf commented. "Most of them
bet that you wouldn't."

 



"And what did you think?"

 

Gandalf hummed before snatching his own purse out of the air before it made contact with
his face. He chuckled at Bilbo's astonishment.

 

"My dear fellow, I never doubted you for a second."

 

Bilbo went to answer but sneezed in place of words.

 

"Oh it's the pollen, rotten time of year," he bemoaned.

 

"But it's not spring." Ori posed an interesting conundrum.

 

He was right, at the end of summer, hay fever was not common. Unfortunately for Bilbo, this
was hay fever season for him, and him alone. He theorised it was the grass cuttings around
Hobbiton that did it.

 

He then rooted around in his pockets.

 

"No, wait, wait, stop. Stop! We have to go back."

 

"What on earth is the matter?"

 

"I've forgotten my handkerchief."

 

Bofur tore off a strip from his shirt and threw it to Bilbo.

 



"Here, use this."

 

It was caught , but the stained piece of fabric failed to pass Bilbo's inspection. He pursed his
lips and closed his eyes, for certain talking himself out of flinging the fabric away from him.
No one else bothered to linger on his dismay.

 

"Move on."

 

Gandalf chuckled as we continued. "You'll have to manage without pocket handkerchiefs and
a good many other things, Bilbo Baggins, before we reach our journey's end. You were born
to the rolling hills and little rivers of the Shire. But home in now behind you. The world is
ahead."

 

Not wanting to argue with Gandalf, I took out one of the handkerchiefs from my backpack
once he walked away. When I handed it to Bilbo, his face sagged with relief greater than the
situation called for.

 

"Bless you," he murmured, before blowing his nose. He gave me a thankful nod before
catching up with the group, nerves giving his step a small hop.

 

For all his hesitation, he took to the challenge with an eagerness he wasn't voicing. The
opposite of how I imagined Daisy would have acted if I had let her come. Instead of spouting
questions, Bilbo watched the Dwarves with open interest, eyes gleaming.

 

Fíli chuckled beside me. I wondered if he even remembered his hostility outside Bag End.

 

"Are all Hobbits this mystifying?"

 

I considered this as I watched Bilbo tuck the handkerchief into his pocket. After a moment of
deliberation, he folded the torn rag Bofur had given him and pocketed that too.

 



"Not all," I answered Fíli at last, thinking of the straight forward Aladgrim, and then Hilda in
all of her intricacies. "But the majority, yes.”

 

 

***

 

 

"It's a town," I told Ori while rolling my ankles. "Much bigger than Hobbiton, and Bilbo says
there's so many Big Folk here!"

 

This was more walking than I had become used to. Earlier, Bilbo suggested we purchase
some boots while in Bree. What with living with Hobbits for the past week, I hadn't given it
much thought. But, after learning the vast differences between my feet and that of Hobbits, I
understood footwear would be very useful for our journey .

 

We had come to the gated entrance of Bree and were waiting in a queue to enter. Ori
practically quaked with excitement. None of the other Dwarves shared his eagerness, in fact,
a few looked disgruntled. Disillusioned to the world of Men through years of experience, no
doubt. There were a group of Men ahead of us pulling a large wooden cart filled with boxes.
Their ripe stench burnt my nose, and I dreaded how we would all smell after our journey was
over. For there was little doubt in my mind that we would have regular access to water to
bathe. Something Bilbo would not agree with, but was so caught up with excitement, he had
yet to think of such things.

 

My feet had begun to ache after we crossed the river. The ferry had not been as I had
expected. Standing on a small wooden raft with a Wizard, a Hobbit and thirteen Dwarves,
there hadn't been much room. Gandalf had suggested two or even three trips, to accommodate
our large numbers. But Thorin hadn't wanted to delay our departure from the Shire any longer
than necessary. To my surprise, most of the company had agreed with their leader, despite the
limited space, and the logic of the Wizard's suggestion . The journey had been uncomfortable
to say the least.

 

Ori smiled at me, brown eyes wide and hopeful about the possibilities that awaited us in the
town. He had told me all about a type of ink he wished he could purchase whilst on the ferry.
But, due to needing to travel light, he had only packed the essentials. I inquired what ink was
nonessential, and Nori had shaken his head in warning from behind his brother. Too late, Ori



had launched into impassioned speech about ink make from gemstones and other precious
materials . All the while, his brother had rolled his eyes and sighed. It had been both eye-
opening and confusing.

 

"Yeah," Nori agreed from the other side of me with a chuckle. "It's a whole new world 'tis the
world of Men."

 

"Do you have much experience in the world of Men, Nori?"

 

"Well, love," he began, tone hinting at modesty but his eyes glinting with mischief. "More
than most Dwarves, if I'm truthful."

 

"And he rarely is," Dwalin muttered under his breath from where he stood in front of us.

 

The Dwarves found this very funny, all dissolving into howling laughter. The like of which I
had only heard from the children in Hobbition. Even when the line moved on, they continued
to chuckle as we shuffled forward. And, even though I didn't understand the joke, I chuckled
along with them. Bilbo, on the other hand , was aghast and muttered to himself about proper
etiquette around a lady. Which only served to further amuse the company, even drawing
raspy laughter from Gandalf .

 

 

***

 

 

Tethered outside The Prancing Pony were a group of ponies. The happenstance was not lost
on me, and when I shared it with Glóin he chuckled. The elder Dwarf had fallen back to the
end of the group as we had entered Bree. Bilbo and I had found ourselves walking in the
midst of the company. Our height difference made looking pass them difficult. So I didn't see
much of Bree as we entered, but the tops of tall buildings, and the large wall.

 



There had been a mixture of emotions as we had crossed into the town. Some, like Dori and
Ori, were intrigued and excited. Others, weary and guarded. It surprised me to see that Fíli
and Kíli were one of each category. While Kíli walked along with wide, sparkling eyes of
wonder, his brother had a perpetual downturn to his lips. He wasn't the only one, many of our
party had fallen silent as we walked the roads of Bree. I imagined it was a product of our new
surroundings. Bree was not Hobbiton. That much I could ascertain . Men ambled along with
their far reaching arms swinging at their sides. Gandalf, being my only point of reference for
the height and manner of Men, differed from them a great deal. He held an air of authority
and poise about him. Even as he walked with the use of his staff, no one looked at him with
anything but respect. I wondered how well known Gandalf was. How many people in town
would recognise him?

 

There were sixteen ponies in total waiting for us at the stables beside the inn. One for each
Dwarf, and a horse for Gandalf, as well as three ponies for carrying provisions. The horse
was beyond anything I could remember, large and intimidating. But the ponies felt familiar.
They were adorable with their fluffy coats, shining eyes and smart manes and tails. Balin was
soon stood with their previous owner, bartering over a final price after requesting an
additional pony for me . When the Man realised he was dealing with Dwarves, he tried to
raise the price of the ponies. No one rushed to Balin's aid, so I assumed he had experience
with this sort of behaviour.

 

Bifur, either ignoring the conversation or uncaring, murmured to a grey and black steed,
rubbing its neck . The axehead in his forehead did nothing to startle the animal, if anything it
was cautious of the object. In such a way that I could have sworn the creature was taking care
not to knock it and hurt Bifur. I approached a walnut coloured pony tethered beside the grey
and black. Bifur smiled at me from beneath his thick black beard, encouraging me with a
nod. Stopping in front of the pony, I raised a hand to copy Bifur's actions, stroking the side of
the pony's neck.

 

Its hair was thick, corse and warm. The beast smelt of warm hay and something sweet. When
it nodded its head up and down, I flinched away, terrified it would hurt me or that I had hurt
it. Bifur smiled at me and indicated for me to try again once the animal had ceased bobbing.
When I did, the pony shifted sideways into my hand, and I felt a sort of comfort I had not
experienced before.

 

I lent into the creature's side, continuing to lavish attention on it. I murmured into its pricked
ears about its beauty and my nerves for the coming trip. It would answer with a sigh, a flick
of its tail or ears, and I felt heard. No one interrupted our conversation, but I could see some
of the company standing by and watching me.

 



Chapter End Notes

Thank you for all the kudos, comments and bookmarks! Each one made me smile!

Apologies for the wait for this chapter, things in life became very hectic, but then I
caught covid! Which was awful, but I'm on the mend. Every time I got a notification
about a kudos or comment it made my day so much brighter. Thank you for your
continued love of this story, it really does mean a lot to see so many people enjoying this
little tale of mine. I hope I can meet your expectations and continue to deliver a good
story to you.

Khuzdul translations:

Bakn galikh: good morning

I know Bilbo hadn't travelled so far in canon, but we can bend that a little, can't we?

I just have to say that I had the strangest thought the other day when I received another
notification that someone had left their kudos. It struck me that people spent their time
reading my story. The average time to read one of these chapters I think is around
twenty-five minutes, and it baffled me that you wonderful people chose to spend
minutes of your time, of your life, minutes that you won't get back, reading something I
had created. It's the oddest thing. As a lifelong reader, I've spent many--what must
amount to years--reading other's work. But I had never realised it applied to me too. just
a strange, wonderful realisation I wanted to share.

Take care of yourselves and each other, much love X



Chapter 9: Bree
Chapter Summary

Some things are bought.

Chapter Notes

Disclaimer: I own nothing but original character and my original storyline for her. The
Hobbit, LOTR, and other subsequent works belong to the Tolkien estate. All creative
output by Peter Jackson, his interpretation, and movies belong to him and the relevant
parties, including the actors interpretations and their acting choices.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

***

Rosalyn

 

After Balin had settled the matter of the ponies, there came an audible relief from the rest of
the Dwarves. Another pony would be ready to join us in the morning. As it turned out, they
had journeyed to Hobbiton separately. Hence their staggered arrival times to Bag End. They
hadn’t known what awaited them in Bree, each assumed someone else had made
preparations. This struck me as very Hobbit-like, though I didn’t point it out. Luckily, Thorin
and Balin had sent messages ahead to procure the animals and provisions. 

Though, there was a short discussion about buying more ponies for load carrying. The issue
raised was that the animals would tire quicker if they carried larger loads. The opposing
argument to this was whether or not the company could afford to purchase more ponies.
Thorin sent us off to buy provisions in town before I heard the decision. Although, the
overwhelming feeling was that the company could not afford to purchase more ponies. 

Thorin and Balin stayed behind to arrange a few rooms for the night, urging the rest of us out
into the streets. Gandalf and Thorin decided we should rest for the night and begin early the
next morning. Their choice was met with very little resistance. In fact, many of the Dwarves
were relieved to spend another night beneath a roof, rather than ‘roughing it,’ as Bofur
explained to me. 



Meanwhile, Gandalf left without a sound. Off to do whatever it was Wizards do in a town, I
imagined. 

Bilbo and I led the way into town, arm in arm, enjoying the sights and smells while he
showed the Dwarves several shops. Ori perked up at the sight of a book binders and scuttled
over with Dori fussing behind him. 

“Before we do anything, we need to buy you some shoes, lass,” Nori said, eyeing my dusty
feet, to the agreement of the rest. 

“There’s a cobblers shop on the main road that should suit our goal,” Bilbo informed us all. 

Wide-eyed, I watched as a group of ladies strolled down the street, all towering above us. The
rest of Bilbo’s instructions lost as I listened to their chatter. Their voices were pleasant, and as
I listened I learned they were discussing the butcher’s son and his talent for wood carving.
Not unlike the topics of conversation I’d heard in Hobbiton. The world of Men was turning
out to be not so far from the world I already knew. 

Bilbo tapped my arm. 

“What was that, Bilbo?” 

He laughed at me, not seeming surprised to find I had not been listening to him. 

“Follow me,” he chuckled with a teasing, crooked finger. “You don’t want to get lost here.”

I took his words to heart and moved to his side, grabbing hold of his wrist as a large cart
came towards us. A Man steered it, but the giant wheels wobbled and it looked only a
moment away from running out of his control. A tug on my elbow brought my attention back
to where I was walking. Bilbo’s lips were thin and his gaze tender when I looked at him,
sheepish. 

“A tour,” he announced with a wry grin, much to my embarrassment. “Before we lose you to
your wandering eyes, Rose.” 

The remaining Dwarves chuckled and grouped into a huddle around us. I wasn’t sure it was
that funny, but they seemed to think so. 

“If it’s good enough for Rosie, it’s good enough for us!” Kíli exclaimed. 

Bilbo ignored their chortling, pointing out various shopfronts as we passed them. He also
ignored our company as they began hemming and hawing at everything around us. I
wondered if they would be this way the entire way to Erebor. I hoped not. Judging by the
tense set of Bilbo’s jaw, he wouldn’t survive much more of their interruptions. 

“The drapery, the bakery, a very fine apothecary,” he listed as we walked. 

Bombur took particular interest in the bakery, sniffing the air and licking his lips. He
muttered something about inspecting the wares before trotting away, following his nose.
Bofur laughed at his brother and called out the he shouldn’t spend all of his money on bread. 



To which Bombur replied: “I won’t. They’ve got pastries too!” 

He vanished into the clutches of the shop, his hair bright and at the waist of the dun haired
Men and Women waiting in line. 

We carried on until Bilbo brought us to a halt. 

“Here we are, the cobblers.”

The shop front had buckled under the weight of the above floors, creasing with furrows not
unlike Gandalf’s wisened brow. Beneath the bowed timber fronting, diamond patterned glass
windows glinted in the sun. 

 

***

 

Our expedition into the shop took far longer than I had imagined it would. 

First, the Dwarves argued over what sort of shoe would suit me best for our travels. It had
been a toss up between a sturdy boot and shoes that would allow my ankle to move with
more dexterity. According to them, our path would be over many different terrains, flat,
rocky, wet. Then, they grew concerned over the material the cobbler offered them to examine.
Finally, after shooing most of the Dwarves outside to wait, Bilbo found a pair of brown
leather boots intended for a child. 

The cobbler, a man of advancing years with brown teeth from smoking and a chesty cough to
match, explained he could mould the boots for my feet in a few hours. When Dwalin had
produced a pouch of coins, the cobbler had taken the boots and begun the work immediately. 

Now, I wiggled my toes, which were once more free of the boots, and bit my lip. 

“I’m sorry, Bilbo,” I apologised for the third time. “They feel strange, I can’t explain it any
better than that.” 

I had put the boots on and Dwalin had taken it upon himself to check they fit me. Using a
gentleness belaying his stature, he pressed the toes to find where my own rested. Watched me
walk in the shoes the length and breadth of the shop with a thoughtful eye. With each step, I
knew the shoes would fit my needs, but they had felt wrong. Confining, restricting, an alien
texture on my soles and around my ankle. Even with the added barrier of the socks Bofur had
produced from his pocket —“Just in case,” he’d quipped when I had asked why he’d had
them to hand — the shoes had not endeared themselves to me. I had taken them off as soon
as we had exited the shop. 

“You have the feet of a Dwarf and yet you prefer to run about shoeless like a Hobbit.” Bilbo
shook his head, a fond smile on his face. “Why did I expect anything less?”

“I am sorry, Bilbo, truly. Thank you, I will wear them at some point, I promise.”



He waved a hand, brushing away my words. 

“Don’t be sorry, dear,” he assured me. “Think of them as an investment. But you will have to
wear them for the time being. It might be best to get used to them now, in town.” 

Sighing, I tugged them back on and laced them up, ignoring the strange texture. 

“I suppose I’m not going to be able to walk the entire way barefoot.” 

Despite muttering to myself, head bowed, Kíli sniggered. 

 

***

 

When we left the cobblers, Kíli announced he was in need of a seamstress. He told all who
could hear, or would listen, that there was a rip in his trousers in need of mending. I offered
to mend it for him, but he waved me off. 

“I’m sure there’ll be plenty of stitching in need of doing on the trip if you want to mend
trousers,” he said. “And besides, we need to get more needles.”

“What happened to the last ones?”

“Dwalin tried mending his jacket,” he chuckled. “But he ended up blunting the needles on his
hands!” 

Dwalin grunted, but didn’t contradict him. Several of the others began teasing him, all in
good humour. 

“Well, in that case, you’ll need to visit the drapery. Back down the street.” Bilbo took the lead
again. “I’ve only been to Bree once over the last year, but not a lot has changed.” 

“I thought you’d only got as far as Frogmorton?” Bofur joked. 

“On a walking holiday,” Bilbo corrected him. “I take the ferry to Bree, like we did.” 

We all parted ways at the door of the drapery, items taking their individual attention almost at
once. Bofur immediately began bartering over the price of a length of mustard yellow cloth.
For what reason, I could not hear, but he was very insistent on having it for a much lower
price than advertised. 

I made my own way around the shop, taking in the fabrics and items of clothing for sale at
my leisure. A bright flash of colour caught my attention as I reached the far corner. There was
a coat hanging off to the side. It was the colour of cranberries, rich and bright. Little golden
brass buttons down the front and pale brown fur trim about the neck and wrists. It was
beautiful. 



It wasn’t until I was beside it did I realise the garment was intended for a Hobbit. Short, and
for the full form of female maturity, it matched my height and figure. Almost in a trance, my
fingertips found the fur at the collar. It was softer than I imagined. Yet, there was a burrowing
guilt in the pit of my stomach. Bilbo had given me his own mother’s cloak, which was
practical and lovely in its own right, even if it wasn’t as thick as the coat. Yet here I was,
pining for a luxurious coat I couldn’t even pay for. 

The shop owner noticed my preoccupation and come forward, smiling. 

“Can I help you, miss?” He asked. 

I shook my head, not wanting to tell him I hadn’t any money to purchase anything in his
shop. Let alone what was no doubt one of the more expensive items. 

“No, thank you. I was looking around and the coat caught my eye.”

“Very good,” he smiled still. “If you need assistance, don’t hesitate to come and find me.” 

“Of course, thank you.” 

He left, still grinning. 

I turned, sighing, back to the coat. It had a hood, lined with fur so soft and dense it felt as if
my fingers were buried in a cloud. 

“You have good taste,” Fíli complimented. 

I gave a start and yanked my hand from the hood, feeling like a child caught touching
something she ought not to be. 

Blushing, I tried to retain some dignity. “Thank you.”

But Fíli didn’t seem to notice, he was too busy looking at the coat. 

“Aren’t you going to buy it?” He asked. “You’ll need all the layers you can get on the trip.” 

I shook my head, again feeling shame for longing for something I could not buy. 

“Why not?”

“I haven’t any money,” I whispered, shamefaced.  

Fíli observed the coat for a moment, before taking a sleeve in hand. He hummed to himself as
he observed the garment. 

“The wool is closely woven, and the fur is rabbit so will hold heat well. It’s a decent length.” 

He paused before: “here.” He pulled the coat from its hanger and held it out to me, open. I
stared at him, mouth agape.



He smiled, a crooked thing that lifted one of his moustache braids higher than the other. I
could see the similarity between him and Kíli far clearer now. 

“Try it on, please?”

“But why? I cannot purchase it, so what is the sense in trying it on?”

He continued to smile. “For me?” He teased. 

Sighing, I did as asked and stepped into the coat. How he managed to look so earnest with
such a lopsided grin was beyond me. I had a feeling Fíli used his smile to get his way often,
and knew full well the effect it had. 

Fíli wrapped it around me, even buttoning it closed. The words to protest were on the end of
my tongue, but when I felt the warmth of the coat I couldn’t remember them. The entire coat
was fur lined and I could feel its plushness through my clothing. Closing my eyes, I savoured
the feeling, knowing it wouldn’t last long. The fit was almost perfect, but a little big around
my upper arms, middle and chest. I wondered if I would grow anymore as I aged. Surely
then, I’d fill the coat out better? It seemed a shame to not fit a coat as perfect as this. Nimble
fingers pulled the hood over my head and I turned my face to rub my cheek in the fur. 

Fíli chuckled in front of me and I blinked up at him, having forgot his presence.

He’d finished buttoning me up and was now standing very close. One of his hands came up
to my face. Instead of brushing my cheek, as I thought he intended, his hand dipped into the
hood and brought my hair forward. He smoothed it down around my neck before repeating
the same action on the other side. In doing so, I could feel less of the cool air of the shop
against my neck. The memory of getting tucked into bed lit up in the back of my mind, a half
forgotten thing. 

He was tucking me into the coat. 

I couldn’t control the heat that flushed my face and I dipped my head down to feel the soft fur
against my lips. 

“What do you think?” He asked once he finished, voice low and soft. 

Shy, I spared a glance up and saw those blue eyes of his were half lidded and sleepy looking.
I felt warmth in the pit of my stomach. 

“I love it,” I admitted. 

“Good. Does it fit all right?”

I wriggled my hands and felt the fur at my wrists. Looking down, I noticed the hem reached
to the bottom of my knees, an inch or two above the hem of my dress. 

“It does.” 

“Good,” he said again before beckoning me to follow him. 



I knew I should take the coat off beforehand, but I was enjoying the luxury far too much. So
followed him while brushing the cuffs with my fingertips. Reasoning that I could wear it
while he looked around the shop for his own purchases. As we walked I looked around for
the rest of our company and saw we were the only ones left in the shop. They must have
moved on. 

Then, instead of going to ponder the other wares on offer, Fíli led me to the seller I’d spoken
with earlier. He grinned when he saw me wearing the coat. 

“Change your mind, did you lass?” He asked. 

Fíli stepped forward. “How much are you asking for the coat?”

“Twenty-five silver pieces.” 

Fíli nodded as his eyes cast over the selection of scarves, gloves, mittens and woollen hats
next to the seller. He reached forward and picked up a pair of brown mittens, a red stocking
cap and an evergreen scarf. 

With patience, he wound the scarf around my neck, tucked the cap over my head before
replacing the hood, and even put the mittens on my hands. All while ignoring my weak
protests. The mittens were half gloves, the fingers cut to expose the tops of my fingers. With
a folded pouch attached to the back of the hand and Fíli unhooked these to pull over my
fingers. I had to marvel at the dexterity of his large hands. How he unbuttoned the fastening,
and how reverently he handled my own hands as he did so. 

I watched his movements, letting my eyes linger on the freckles on the backs of his hands.
The small white and pink scars on his fingers. Did he get them fighting? Or through harmless
means? One of his fingernails that had a crease to it, like something heavy had fallen on it a
while ago. I wondered if it hurt him. 

When he was done he turned back to the seller, who was watching us with a softness to his
face not there before. 

“Thirty silver pieces for the lot,” Fíli offered. 

The seller nodded without pause. “You have yourself a deal, my boy.” 

“But, Fíli,” I began to protest. 

He chuckled, freezing any retort I had. His tone was deep with an emotion I couldn’t name as
he said, “Let me spoil you, Rose.”

My gasp of surprise at the use of Bilbo’s nickname was muffled by the thick scarf, but I was
sure he’d heard me when he winked. 

The seller chuckled. 

“Aye, I’d let your love take care of you lass. He’s a good’un, treats you right. It warms my
heart to see a young couple like you, it does.”



I went to contradict him as he counted the coins Fíli had passed over, but a hand on my
forearm stopped me. Fíli caught my eye and shook his head, tucking my hand into the crook
of his elbow like Bilbo did. Though the way Fíli stepped closer to me, and placed his own
hand atop mine was unlike Bilbo in every way. At the same time, it felt familiar, and strange
to have him so close to me. 

There was someone else in the shop with us, a Man to Fíli’s left who had stopped walking
with a jolt. I hadn’t realised he was watching us until Fíli used his body to tilt us away from
him. The movement rocked me into Fíli until I was tucked more into the curve of his
shoulder and chest. For a moment his motivation baffled me. The fluttering in my gut tricked
me to thinking he was feeling the same lightheadedness as I was. Then, I saw the Man. He
was moving closer, and his eyes were boring straight into Fíli’s skull. Taking Fíli’s lead, I lent
into him, allowing my cheek to brush against his shoulder. I kept my head dipped low but my
eyes remained watching the Man. 

He was very tall, with large shoulders rolling over a gaunt, sunken in chest. His clothes lead
me to believe he had little money, but the pretty, yellow, and clearly expensive shawl in his
hands belayed this. He was waiting to be served, but his eyes were fixed upon Fíli and
myself. 

“Thirty coins,” the seller announced, cheerful. “Thank you lad, miss. Anything else for you
today?”

Fíli was already moving us away from the silent figure beside us. 

“No, that’s everything we need. Thank you.”

“You’re welcome, do come again.”

Fíli nodded and I spared the seller a quick thank you before he led us out the door. The Man
behind us stepped up to the counter, but his face turned to watch us. 

Fíli, still holding my hand on his arm, set a leisurely pace back towards The Prancing Pony. I
realised that the others had left the shop long before us, and were now nowhere to be seen.
There was this stillness between us that I was loath to break, because I knew he was silent for
a reason. It was only when we turned onto the main street that he finally spoke. 

“I apologise for taking liberties in the shop, Rosalyn,” Fíli began to explain. He kept his
voice low and our pace slow enough that we appeared to be browsing the shop fronts around
us. “But it would be best if no one knew you were a Dam here without a familial escort.” 

“What do you mean?” I looked around, feeling my skin prickle. Were we in danger? “I don’t
understand what happened back there, is something wrong?” 

“Nothing is wrong,” he assured me, patting my mittened hand while avoiding my gaze. “If
you had been in any danger, I would not have waited to get you out of there.”

Though the sentiment was reassuring, his reluctance to meet my eyes or answer me directly
was not. 



“Then what is it? Something has you on edge.”

Now outside, the sun beat down on us with unflinching warmth. It might not be the height of
summer, but the bite of winter had yet to come into the wind. I took off the mittens, stuffing
them into the coat pockets.  

“Did you notice the Man?” 

“Yes, he was watching us.”

I knocked the hood of the coat away, reaching for the hat. 

“No,” Fíli grumbled, eyes darkening and face tightening. “He was watching you.”

His words stopped my hand. “He was?” 

“Yes.”

I swallowed. “Oh.” It took me a moment to gather my frantic, feathered thoughts. “W—
why?”

Fíli led me down a side alley and then around in a circle until we came out, once again, onto
the main lane.

“I do not know for sure,” he answered. 

I eyed him. “But you have a theory?”

He nodded. 

“What is it?” I asked, impatient.

“I don’t wish to upset you—” he began, leading us to the far side of the street as he cast a
look back over his shoulder. 

“Too late, now spit it out,” I ordered. Feeling for the first time, the frustration that was, as
Hilda told me, characteristic of a Hobbit. 

Fíli huffed out an amused snort. I wondered if I sounded like Bilbo at all, but Fíli didn’t
comment on my tone. He was too focused leading me through a merry maze of streets and
alleys. To the plainest of eyes it was easy to see he trying to lose someone behind us. When I
turned to look I could not see anyone who stood out to me as watching us. The fur lined boot
and coat were beginning to make my upper lip damp. 

“Very well,” he acquiesced, glancing at me as I surveyed the street. “I believe he correctly
identified you as a Dam.” 

I didn’t understand the point he was trying to make. 



“And?” I questioned. “Fíli, I don’t understand what the matter is with people seeing me as I
am. I understand, being a HalfBlood is not—”

“It’s nothing to do with that Rose, trust me.” He heaved a great sigh. “You don’t remember
what it is to be a Dam in this day and age.”

“Well, then, tell me.” 

He grinned, a fledging thing that started from the pursed rose of his lips and blossomed to
curl the corners. My challenge amused him. 

“Your wish is my command,” he joked, more like the Dwarf who had danced with me in Bag
End. “You know, you might have been royalty yourself, you certainly order people around
like a royal.”

I knew he was joking but something about that sentence irked me. 

“No, I get frustrated when information is being withheld from me that I should know.
Particularly when smart-aleck Dwarves try to drip feed me said information.”

His grin transformed into a smile. 

“Very well,” he acquiesced. “It is an archaic and outdated viewpoint, one which many still
hold. One I do not agree with, that it is unsuitable for an unmarried Dwarrowdam to be out in
public.”  

I frowned. “I don’t understand.”

“There is the belief,” he began, before halting and taking a deep breath. “I never thought I’d
be explaining this to anyone,” he chuckled to himself, humourlessly. “A belief backed by
years of hardship, that an unmarried Dwarrowdam should be chaperoned.” 

“What? Why?” 

“Without a chaperone, they are vulnerable. Many were once tricked by folk with evil
intentions. Many clans now bar their Dams from leaving the safety of their homes, their
villages. The few who travel, do so disguised as male Dwarves.”

“They aren’t allowed to leave their homes?” I asked, my voice very thin.

“I wouldn’t say exactly that, but…no, for some of the Dams they do stay with their clan most
of the time. Though, I know of a few clans who deem it too risky to allow their Dams
outside.”

I shivered. 

Allow.

Bilbo had taught me all he knew of Dwarven culture and history. I knew that many clans
lived underground, preferring to be nearer to stone and gems than to grass and wind. 



“What is it?” He asked. 

“I could never remained trapped like that,” I admitted, unable to stop my mind’s eye from
conjuring such a scenario. “I would sooner die.” 

Fíli turned to face me head on, stopping us in our tracks. 

“What? Rose, you don’t mean that.”

“I do,” I was fierce, staring at him, daring him to defy me. If this journey was going to be full
of rules and restrictions because of my sex, then I was going to set them all right. Starting
with him. “If anyone ever contained me like that, never allowing me to see the sun again I
would already be dead.” 

I had spent what I could remember of my life outside, gardening with Hamfast and Bilbo,
running after Daisy through the hills, and savouring the mellow sunsets and rises that painted
green grass purple and blue. How could I ever be expected to turn away from such beauty? 

His face was grave, skin ashen beneath his golden beard. I knew he was fighting the instinct
to protect me as a Dam, and no doubt years of ingrained teachings. And now, I was
demanding for him to put those aside and see me as separate to what he knew. I had to make
him see that a life such as that was imprisonment for me. 

“Well, then,” he finally spoke, voice quiet as his eyes held mine. “I will have to do everything
in my power to make sure that never happens.” 

I wanted to move on from this topic of conversation, so I tugged on his arm to get us moving
again. Fíli followed my lead, but there was an air of solemness around us now. 

I thought back to Dwalin’s comment. 

“Do Dwarrowdams get married very young? Is that why lone ones are rare?”

He hesitated long enough for me to already know the answer. 

“It depends on the family. For my mother, she was allowed to wait until she met my father.
My uncle was pressured to look for a match from the age of sixty.”

There it was again. Allow. The word echoed in my ears. She had been allowed to marry.
Someone had allowed her to be happy. 

“Turning sixty seems to be a landmark age for Dwarrow,” I instead commented, feeling as if I
were balancing between a world I knew and a world that knew me. “Is it the same no matter
your gender?” 

Fíli nodded. “Yes, in fact, Dwarrowdams mature far faster than Dwarrrow. Unfortunately,
now there are far too few Dwarrowdams in the world. Partnerships are few and far between,
marriages even less so. I was twenty-seven when I last attended a wedding.”

I wondered how old he was now. 



“So, what does this have to do with me?”

He sighed again. “Once we have reclaimed Erebor and you have become known to the
Dwarven world, there are seven clans who will try to claim you as their own.”

“Claim me?” The words felt heavy on my tongue. “You said before that they would be
honoured to have me as a part of the clan.”  

He nodded. “I did. It would be a great honour to have a Dam as beautiful as you as part of
their clan. We might be a race of the earth, but we have a fondness for beauty."

My tongue felt thick in my mouth. His flattery fell empty when I realised what he was
saying. I would be a pretty gem for Dwarves to decorate their clan with. 

“If you don’t remember your past, your family, or,” he hesitated. “If your family are gone
there will be a fight for you to return to your birth clan.” 

I swallowed, uncomfortable at the thought of being so alone in the world. 

“But, if I must be with Dwarves, can I not stay with you?”

Fíli startled at my words, pulling up to an abrupt stop in the middle of the cobbled street. 

“You—you would want to stay with us?”

I shrugged, embarrassed under his wide-eyed stare. 

“Yes, I might not have known you all for very long, but you are now, aside from Bilbo, the
only family I have ever known. If no one would…claim me, as you say, then why can’t I
claim you?” 

His cheeks were growing rosey beneath his beard, his eyes wide and unblinking. I had a
feeling I was stepping over the line of Dwarven propriety. 

“I mean—” 

My apology was cut off by the approaching group of Dwarves, and Bilbo, their arms full of
purchases. Bilbo, however, carried nothing. 

“Well, don’t you look a sight?” Nori whistled when he came to a stop in front of us. “All
dressed up for us? You shouldn’t have.” 

“What did you do, lad?” Glóin questioned, both chuckling and sounding stern. “Buy her the
entire shop?” 

Fíli had shaken from his stupor. “No Glóin, just what she needed.” 

“You look really pretty, Rosie,” Kíli complimented, grinning. 

“Thank you, Kíli.” 



He cocked his head to the side. “Aren’t you warm?”

“A little,” I admitted, reaching to take off the stocking cap.

Fíli stopped me, earning curious looks from the others. 

“Fíli?” I tried to catch his attention, but his eyes stayed fixed down the lane as he lowered our
arms and put my hand in the crook of his elbow again. 

At the end of the street, a dark shape disappeared behind a house. 

Dwalin stepped forward. “Everything all right, lad?” 

Fíli nodded, eyes trained to where the shape had vanished. He lowered his voice to answer
Dwalin, though no one passed us who could overhear. 

“A Man watched us in the drapery, he recognised Rose for what she is.”

Dwalin became a watchman, surveying our surroundings. He moved so his back was facing
me. Kíli came up beside us and stood by my side. He seemed taller. He too watched the area
around us like a hawk. Unlike the others, his vision scoured the rooftops and windows above
us. Bofur, ever the comedian, had lost his jolly smile. He frowned, the line of his eyebrows
harsh beneath the brow of his hat. 

“It might be best if we get you indoors, lass.” 

Glóin stepped up beside Dwalin, his hands clenching, knuckles popping. “I agree.” 

They herded me along the street, forming a circle around me. Even Bilbo took part and
placed himself at my back. We walked to The Prancing Pony as one, and I was sure we
earned curious looks, but no one approached or stopped us. 

“Is this really necessary?” I asked. “I doubt it’s all as serious as you’re fearing.” 

“We have to keep you safe, Rosie,” Kíli answered, ignoring my doubts. 

I wondered how long their protectiveness would last once we were on our way to Erebor.
Surely they couldn’t keep this up the entire way? 

 

***

 

Thorin met us inside at the bar, where he was sat with Balin. They both frowned and rose to
their feet when they saw the protective bubble. Dori, Ori and Bombur had joined their ranks
on our way back to the pub. The wall of Dwarf had garnered stares on our trip back, which I
thought would have been the opposite of their intent. But I didn’t want to mention it. 



“What’s wrong?” Thorin questioned as soon as we were close enough.

“Someone watched Fíli and Rosalyn in the drapery,” Dwalin supplied, keeping his voice low
as he watched the patrons around us. 

Bilbo and I were moved towards the bench set against the back wall. I took a seat, grateful to
rest my feet and at last shed the layers of winter wear. Balin watched me with quirked lips,
and even asked whether Ori had been knitting for me. I chuckled, but was cut off from
answering by Thorin. 

“Who?”

I looked up to see Fíli watching those sat at the bar. He hadn’t relaxed with our change of
location, and his unease was reflected in the others faces. The tense set of his eyes made me
hesitate when reaching up to take off the cap. Yet, I reasoned that by taking the distinctive
coat off, I had already made myself noticeable. 

“A Man,” Fíli reported, eyes elsewhere. “Dark hair, gaunt, wide shoulders, and he limped on
his left leg.” 

They all turned to watch those about us. Even Bilbo craned his neck to see into the crowd
from his seat at the end of the bench next to Balin. Gandalf was still missing, I assumed he
was either in town or his room. 

“I can’t see him” Fíli at last admitted. “I’m hoping we lost him in the town.” 

Thorin moved and gestured that the rest all take a seat at the table. 

“We will keep watch while we’re here,” he reassured them. 

Everyone sat, but were still on edge. Packages and parcels placed either at their feet or onto
the table. 

“We all have rooms for the night,” Balin informed us all. “We’ll get something to eat now,
and then we can rest. Early start tomorrow.”

After a while, the tense silence eased into quiet chatter, and then loud conversation as our
food arrived. Beef and ale stew, hearty and filling, served with thick, crusty loaves of brown
bread, and many mugs of frothy ale. I sipped some ale from Bilbo’s mug, but didn’t like the
bitter tang to it. Balin flagged down a barmaid and she came back with a honeyed mead
which was more to my taste. Conversation soon flowed with ease, the incident in town forgot
for now, and eventually I found myself nodding off in the cosy warmth of the room. 

Standing, I bundled my new clothing into my arms. 

“I’m going to retire for the night, good night everyone.”

Fíli jumped to his feet at my announcement, his half drunk mug abandoned. 

“I’ll walk you to your room.” 



“That won’t be necessary,” I said, watching as Kíli reached over and pilfered his brother’s
mug, drinking from it in long gulps. 

His brother didn’t notice, instead bowing at the waist shallowly and smiling. “I insist.”

“Rose,” Bilbo called to me over the clamour of the pub. His cheeks were rosy from the ale.
“Let the lad, dear. We can’t be too careful.”

Worn out from the day’s excitement and worn down by the tension my phantom tracker had
caused, I nodded. 

“Very well.” 

Fíli stepped to my side and held his arm out for me to take, a wicked grin on his lips. It
seemed the ale had done more than make Bilbo’s eyes droop with sleep. 

“My lady,” Fíli invited, winking. 

His teasing tickled my lips to smile, but I pursed them, not wanting to encourage such
behaviour. Well, at least too often. It felt nice, good even, to be the one his gaze focused on.
Even though the pub was full of ladies of all shapes and sizes, and some of the others had
adopted wandering eyes, Fíli did not. Cheerful hoots and whoops came from our group,
goodnatured ribbing and teasing as I took his arm. 

Kíli belched, mug drained and placed back where he’d taken it from. “Enjoy him while he’s
polite, Rosie! It doesn’t last long!” 

“Goodnight everyone,” I bade them again, fighting a flush. 

They chorused back the same, some louder than others. 

Fíli walked beside me up the creaking stairs and to the room numbered seven in silence. It
was in the middle of a corridor of rooms likewise set up for smaller folk. The others had the
rest of the rooms, but I was the only one not sharing. When Balin had told me at dinner, I’d
asked why and received a brief explanation about upholding proper sleeping arrangements
for as long as possible. I suppose what with the impending necessity of camping outside with
only sleeping bags for protection, propriety was going to be long forgotten in a weeks time. 

“Thank you, Fíli.” I let go of his arm and brushed the fur of the coat, not wanting to part from
his company just yet. 

He remained close. Close enough that I could smell the ale on his breath. I found it wasn’t as
bitter to smell as it was to taste, and wondered if its potency would be likewise dulled if I
were to sample it from his lips. 

His head bent forward. “What for?” 

The lure of his lips beckoned to me, their song laden with damp promise. Was he thinking the
same as me? Did I distract him as much as he did me? 



“The coat, I know it wasn’t cheap and I will pay you back as soon as I have the money to do
so.” 

Had his warmth always been this heady? After the crush of bodies downstairs, the hallway
felt cold, and his heat was a hearty hearth in this barren chill. 

“Rose,” he sighed, but seemed amused. He shook his head, and I managed to tare my gaze
from his lips to see his eyes dart down to the floor before they met mine. “I did not buy you
this coat with the aim of being repaid. I bought it because you needed it, and because it
makes you happy.”

“But—” I tried to argue but he wouldn’t hear it. He shook his head and backed up away from
me, a teasing grin on his lips. 

“You do not need to pay me back.” 

“But I want to,” I insisted, unable to stop my feet from stepping after him.  

His shrug and quiet chuckle stopped me. Was he laughing at me? Maker, why was I pursuing
him so? I must look a sight, staring at his mouth and then unable to resist following in his
wake. How else could I embarrass myself in front of him? 

The gentle call of my name brought my eyes to his once again. 

“You can pay me back by wearing it as much as you can.” 

“That hardly pays you back the thirty coins you paid,” I argued, not liking the way his easy
generosity made me feel. 

“It will,” he assured me with another wink before turning on his heel. “Trust me,” he threw
over his shoulder as he walked down the hallway. 

Chapter End Notes

I am so sorry for the long wait, depression is a bitch, am I right?

Anyway, for the purposes of my story, I’ve taken some creative liberties with Dwarven
culture. It is purely for the benefit of my storytelling, and not in any way an attempt to
rewrite Tolkien’s work. I imagined that their culture was more like medieval Britain,
than the Viking, in regard to unequal gender rules. It made sense to me that, the reason
Dwarrowdamns are so precious, is because there are fewer of them. Therefore the reason
why they are closely guarded from the outside world.

Small change: I’ve had them leave with ponies from Bree rather than Hobbiton like in
the book, because I needed Rose to have shoes. It was one of those major points of her
character development and building on her relationship with Bilbo and the company.






Chapter 10: Patience and Peppermints
Chapter Summary

Dwalin snores, Berry eats some sugar, and Thorin loses his temper.

Chapter Notes

Disclaimer: I own nothing but original character and my original storyline for her. The
Hobbit, LOTR, and other subsequent works belong to the Tolkien estate. All creative
output by Peter Jackson, his interpretation, and movies belong to him and the relevant
parties, including the actors interpretations and their acting choices.

Updated for grammar, spacing and layout 13/11/22

See the end of the chapter for more notes

 

 

 

 

 

 

***

 

 

A flagstone floor chills my bare feet. Even with a roaring fire in the hearth, it does little to
warm me. A breeze, frigid and biting, rustles the pale nightdress I’m wearing. It inspires
gooseflesh to prickle on my exposed legs and arms. The garment is not made for winter use.
So why am I wearing it? A groaning creak, wooden and aged, someone settling into a chair.
There’s someone in the room with me, I can hear a voice. Male. Loud. Angry. I can’t make out
the words he’s saying, yet his tone is clear. But where is he? I cannot see him in the corners
bathed in shadows, but neither is he sat beside the roaring hearth.



There’s a shaft of moonlight spilling onto the floor a little aways from me. Looking up, I can
see a gap in the high wall of the room. Beyond the crevice, I can make out the pale face of the
moon emerging from behind wisps of cloud. Smoke from the fire mixes with the scent of a
pipe, but I can’t see anyone smoking. Nor have I heard the strike of a match. The disembodied
voice continues. It grows closer as his words rise in volume and his tone deepens with anger.
Yet I cannot hear footsteps, nor feel the presence of an approaching body.

There is a bed pushed against the far wall, opposite the hearth. I am between the two
features, my toes pointed toward the wall with the gap. The sheets on the mattress lie
rumpled, a pillow discarded on the floor. It looks like someone had woken in the fit of a
nightmare and bolted from the bed in distress. I want to move toward it and the safety its
blankets offer, but my feet freeze. I cannot move a hand or turn my head. I am frozen as the
disembodied voice grows to a rattling bellow ringing in my ears.

 

***

 

Rosalyn

 

I woke with sleep stuck eyes and to the sound of heavy, phlegmy snoring. The last vapours of
the dream drifting away the more my mind sharpened. The abstractness of it confused me.
I’ve never felt so confined in a dream before. Such contrary emotions. To hide in fear, to run
with terror, or stay out of some misguided bravery with only the moonlight as my shield. And
that voice, so loud and disarming, and yet I could not remember a single word it uttered. Not
one. Had it been a vision? A look into the past? Or a regular dream?

Another loud snore interrupted my musings. The sound seemed to be coming from all
around, it echoed so, but I was alone. When I went to the door and peeked outside, I saw
Dwalin sat on a chair—from where he had procured it I could only guess. It was not a chair
from the bar downstairs, of that I was sure. He was lent against the wall next to my door,
dozing. His tattooed arms crossed over his chest, and axes strapped to his back as his head
bowed forward in slumber.

I shook my head, wondering how long he had been there. The position did not look at all
comfortable. From the angle of his neck I’d wager he would wake in considerable
discomfort.

I reached out and shook his shoulder.

“Dwalin?”

He snorted as he woke, standing as if scalded. I jerked back from him, wary of his tense fists
and the iron plates he wore over his knuckles.



“Lass?” He asked, looking down the landing, gathering his bearings as he blinked. If he
hadn’t been wearing those metal plates over his hands, it looked as if he would rub his eyes to
rid them of sleep much the same way Daisy did . I sent a silent prayer that she and her family
were enjoying a pleasant breakfast.

“Sorry,” I apologised, wincing. That had not been an appropriate way to wake an armed, and
battle-seasoned warrior. “I didn’t mean to startle you. I didn’t want you to stay there any
longer than you had to. The wall can’t have been very forgiving on your back.”

He nodded, reaching to rub the back of his neck and wincing. His moustache twitched as he
did so.

“Not ta worry,” he assured me, sniffing and appearing more alert. “I’ve slept in worse places,
and positions, lass, dunna do much harm. Goin’ down to breakfast, are ya?”

“Yes, I was. If you’d like to get some more sleep, my bed was quite comfortable. I’m sure the
others won’t begrudge you twenty minutes.”

He chuckled and shook his head. His neck cracked and a muscle jumped in his jaw.

“Nay, lass,” he declined. “As sweet of an offer as that is, I’m rested enough. Let’s eat.”

He led the way down the corridor and to the stairs, and all the while, I couldn’t help but
wonder.

“Dwalin?”

“Hmm?”

“Were you there all night?”

“No, I took over from Fíli once I finished eating.”

I missed the first step of the stairs. Dwalin had quick reflexes and caught me before I could
tumble down them. Fíli? But I’d seen him walking down the landing last night, hadn’t I? Yes,
I had, but I hadn’t seen him go down the stairs back into the pub proper . Had he walked back
upstairs after a while to check in on me? Or, had it been a ruse? Had he ducked behind the
wall at the end and waited for my door to close before coming back and standing beside it?

“Easy, lass,” Dwalin cautioned as he righted me.

I hardly heard him. Fíli and I had shared at most pleasantries after Daisy had intercepted us.
After his abrupt tone outside Bag End, I had welcomed his closeness and protectiveness
during our walk around Bree. His sweet gesture with the coat, a bonus. Yet, the frost in his
eyes and the bite to his polite words as the sun had come up haunted me.

In truth, I had forgotten the bitter air that had soured between us between the run in with
Daisy and then the animated mood of the company as Bilbo joined the troop. 

“Lass?”



My tongue felt thick in my mouth. “He…stayed outside my room after I’d gone to bed?”

When I looked up I found that Dwalin was watching me with a creased brow. “Aye, the lad
stayed here on watch until I relieved him.”

“Why?”

He looked a mixture of surprised and offended, and unable to decide which emotion to feel
more keenly. 

“You thought we’d leave you vulnerable?” He questioned, ruffled, bordering on angry. “Up
here alone without protection?”

I hadn’t known I was that vulnerable. Let alone that they had made a conscious decision to
protect me. Given what had happened yesterday, I assumed that they would be on alert, but
not to this degree. But Fíli…for some reason the fact it had been him to stay first felt…
indescribable. I was flattered, shocked, annoyed, and also pleased. Why? Why did the
thought of Fíli keeping watching outside my door, most likely for an hour or two judging by
the amount of ale the Dwarves were intent on drinking last night, cause a fluttering in my
belly ? And why did it tug at something so deep within me I felt like a wound yawning open
in the wake of a sharp blade? Left bare, exposed…vulnerable.

“I apologise,” I began, feeling like a scolded child. Dwalin’s temper was not something I
wanted to experience the brunt of. “I never meant to presume that—”

Dwalin shook his head, waving a paw-like hand.

“Never fear, lass,” he dismissed with easy acceptance, though his sharp eyes shone in the
early morning shadows as dawn broke through the window beside us. A brute he may seem,
but an intelligence lay in him quiet and contemplative. I felt stark bare beneath it, more so
than I had while Hilda examined my bruised back.

“I understand,” he continued. “You aren’t used to our ways yet. Give it time, perhaps you’ll
remember more the longer you’re with us?”

With that he gave me a glimpse of a smile, which I returned, weak. It seemed I had more to
remember than I had first dreaded, and more to learn than I could have dreamt.

“Perhaps.”

 

***

 

Breakfast was simple fare, thick porridge sweetened with honey and served with strong tea.
I’d asked for some fruit, knowing Bilbo would get peckish for second breakfast and
elevenses, but they were waiting for their daily delivery.



Once everyone was fed, we all went our separate ways to gather our things. This time, Bofur
accompanied me to my room and waited outside the door.

“Don’t you need to pack, too?” 

He shook his head, smiling. “Nay, Bifur will bring my things down, don’t you fret none.”

Attempting to resign myself to this new development, and accept rather than reject my
bodyguard, I packed away my new belongings . The scarf and mittens could be left packed
until later on our journey, but I lingered over the stocking cap. Fíli had been quick to replace
it over my hair yesterday. I remembered Dwalin’s comment about how my hair could be
overlooked , but not my ears. Had the Man from the drapery known my hair was an
anomaly? Did he know Dwarves well enough to know their natural hair could not hold the
shape of my curls? Given that my feet were nowhere near to Bilbo’s in size and shape, had he
seen what I truly was?

I pulled the cap on, but restrained myself from tucking my hair into it. The red was much
deeper than my natural pigment, and with any luck, would become lost among the autumnal
hues of the town’s heavier clothing as we left.

Slipping into the coat felt foreign, as I was unused to the weight and warmth of it. It hung on
me like a lingering embrace. I felt guilty for packing Bilbo’s mother’s cloak, but I didn’t want
to get it dirty. Despite what he had said, it was not mine, and never would be. The broach
however, made me pause. I didn’t need to use it, as the coat had its own fastenings. It would
be wise to hide something of such obvious value from prying eyes, but I didn’t want to wrap
it in cloth and bury it in my backpack. Instead, I pinned it to the neck of my dress, and the
coat fell over it and hid it from view. Even hidden, its presence gave me comfort.

The shoes, on the other hand, were a menace. Still armed with Bofur’s spare socks, which
reached all the way to my knees, they felt as foreign as they had yesterday . The texture of the
fur lining was strange around my ankles, and I didn’t like that my toes couldn’t feel the
ground beneath them. Yes, my feet were warmer than they would have been without shoes,
and I wager I’ll be thankful for them in the long run, but right this second I wanted to chuck
them out of the window and into the busy street below.

“Lass?” Bofur called as he knocked twice at the door. “Are you ready?”

“Just a moment,” I called back, scrambling to close my pack and shoulder it.

One last glance over the room ensured I’d not left anything, and one step towards the door
promised my eventual falling out with these shoes, but I was ready.

 

***

 



Downstairs, most of the Dwarves were already assembled. Bilbo and Gandalf were nowhere
to be seen, and I overheard Thorin lamenting Bofur and Nori’s lateness. His grumbling soon
developed into scathing remarks about Bilbo, and a Hobbit’s inability to wake early. I tried to
blot his voice out; it was a painful reminder that while Bilbo had been accepted as a part of
the company, he was not a Dwarf. Thorin didn’t seem to think anything of my distance from
the group after his comments. Dwalin was the one to step between myself and the group,
making my self-inflicted distance seem lessened by his presence. Though I doubted that was
the gruff Dwarf’s intention.

Fíli and Kíli were close, stood with their heads bent towards each other as they had an intense
whispered discussion. They were smirking, looking entirely too much like Daisy when she
had a secret she couldn’t wait to tell me. What exactly they were talking about was lost to me
when Thorin announced we should mount up, leading the way outside . Gandalf had not
made an appearance, but I turned to see Bilbo descending the stairs with Bofur and Nori.

As I went to leave, Kíli stepped in front of me, smiling wide.

“Morning Rosie,” he chirped.

“Good morning,” I replied before remembering what his brother had taught me the day
before. “Bakn galikh.”

Instead of mocking my pronunciation, as I was sure I had messed up, he smiled and replied in
kind.

“Bakn galikh. You’re already learning!”

His praise felt warm, yet I couldn’t help but avoid looking at his wide eyes and toothy grin. I
felt a child, achieving their second step or growing their fourth tooth.

“Thank you Kíli,” I said, hoping he would drop the topic before anyone else came over to us.

Instead, he remained grinning. He chatted about everything under the sun, steadfastly
ignoring his uncle’s order for our departure . He asked what I had thought of our breakfast, if
I had found the tea to be too strong. I answered whenever he paused to long enough take a
breath. It felt as if I were speaking to Bilbo rather than the young Dwarf. Oblivious to my
concern, he carried on, steering the conversation upon a whim. The others milled around. I
overheard some arguing about the state of someone’s pack, but no on interrupted Kíli.

I looked over his shoulder to see Gandalf finally join us all, much to Thorin’s muted
approval. When I returned my eyes to Kíli, he was looking over my own shoulder. Before I
could react and turn around to see who was behind me, he reached out to tuck a few of my
curls beneath the cap.

“Just to be sure,” he said. “Can’t be too careful.”

Was the Man still out there, waiting for me? Had he followed us to the pub? Surely , it had
been an overreaction yesterday? But what if it hadn’t? Kíli nudged my chin with his knuckle,
smiling.



“Chin up,” he told me. “We’ll be right there with you.”

Then, he span on his heel and offered his arm to me, escorting me outside. From behind, I
heard someone chuckle, but Kíli dragged me outside before I could look.

 

***

 

The ponies were waiting for us, saddled and brushed. Dwalin and Glóin were securing
another load onto the back of one pony when we walked out.

“Here, Rosie,” Kíli directed me to the right. “You can have this one.”

He reached out and patted the neck of the chestnut pony I’d cooed over yesterday. I went to
her, arms outstretched to stroke the other side of her long neck when she dodged my hands to
lean down. Kíli chuckled when the mare strained to lip at my pocket. I stepped back,
laughing.

“She likes you,” he chuckled, tugging her back away from my expensive coat.

I smiled, shaking my head. “She likes me because I might have food.”

He shrugged, grinning.

“Maybe you do.”

“No, I haven’t got anything,” I told him before turning to the mare. “I’m afraid we ate all the
breakfast, these brutes are awfully selfish when it comes to food, you see. I’m sorry.”

“Are we?” Kíli asked, humming to himself and pulling an over-the-top thoughtful expression.
He reminded me of Daisy again, especially with the impish glint in his tawny eyes.

“What is it?” I asked.

“Check your pockets.”

“My pockets?”

He nodded.

Indulging him, I dipped my hand into my right pocket and found a paper bag within. It had
not been there when I put the coat on. Kíli in the know that there was something in my
pocket, shook with excitement.

“What is it?” He asked.

I pulled out the bag, and found it contained lumps of white sugar. Something I’d only seen
displayed in the window of the tearoom in town. Mute with surprise, I showed Kíli the bag



and its contents. He nodded, still grinning.

“Check the other one,” he ordered.

“But where did this come from?”

He shook his head and indicated to my other pocket. He jittered with anticipation, shaking
the bag from me before the pony could tare it from my hand. I reached into the left pocket
and once again found a paper bag. I pulled this one free and looked inside.

“Peppermints,” I gasped, recognising the shape and scent in an instant.

Kíli was glowing with the brightness of his smile.

“Did you do this?” I asked him, feeling something akin to joy but more…fitful and restless.

He shook his head. “Nope, not me.”

“But then, who?”

He mimed locking his mouth and then throwing away the key. He wasn’t going to tell me?

“But if I don’t know, I can’t thank them.”

“Maybe they don’t want to be thanked.”

“But, these would have cost a lot of money!” I protested, earning several looks from the other
Dwarves and even a glance from Gandalf.

“What’s all this?” Nori, the one most intrigued by my outburst asked as he come over.

I showed him the bags, in the process the mare almost taking the one with peppermints from
me. Nori chuckled and pulled her back by the leather straps on her face.

“Easy girl,” he placated, patting her neck and scratching her ears. “You’ll get some soon
enough, I wager.”

“Do you know who did this?” I asked, shifting my weight and feeling impatient.

Nori shrugged, though seemed genuinely apologetic. “Sorry lass, can’t help you.”

“But…but who would do this?”

They both chuckled at my cluelessness, which only exasperated my agitation. When I huffed
at them, unable to put my frustration into words, they laughed harder. Why wouldn’t they tell
me? Where had these come from? By now every Dwarf had heard our conversation yet none
stepped forward to claim the treats. A few watched us, or rather me, with smiles and
whispered to one another. Was this a joke? Were they making fun of me? Or was this a
present?

He elbowed my free arm before reaching out to take the bag of sugar lumps from Kíli.



“Not sure,” he spoke in a nonchalant air. “But I reckon if you ply this mare with some of
these, she’ll be sweet to you for the rest of her days.”

I hadn’t considered the horse could eat sugar. Was it good for them? She, meanwhile, knew
what was in the bags, nostrils flaring, her eyes wide and eager.

“How do I…?”

“Here,” Nori took a lump of sugar and placed it in my hand. “Now, lay your hand flat, there
you go, and hold it steady for her.”

I did as directed, thankful that he held my hand and didn’t comment on the slight tremor
making its way from my hand up my arm. When the pony took the sugar her warm nose
brushed my palm. It felt like crushed velvet, a sensation I remembered with a ghostly touch.
The brush of fabric against my arms, but no image, no memory accompanied the feeling.

“What are you called, lovely?” I asked under my breath, smiling as she nuzzled against my
now empty hand, snuffling for more sugar.

She whinged, tossing her head back when she discovered there was none left on my palm.

“Berry,” came the answer. Gandalf stood behind me, a satchel over his shoulder.

Nori and Kíli had moved away to other ponies, checking their loads and talking with the
others. I realised that no one had answered my previous question.

Distracted, I remembered Gandalf had spoken.

“That’s a very suitable name.”

The Wizard chuckled, whether to my reply or my obvious inattentiveness I couldn’t say for
sure.

“She seems to have taken a shine to you.”

“I fed her a sugar lump,” I explained, pocketing both the bags. “Now she wants the mints too,
but I’m going to save them for later.”

“Ah, well in that case.” He produced an apple from thin air with a flourish, and handed it to
me with a gentle smile.

“To make up for missing second breakfast,” he explained. “I imagine you became used to the
Hobbit diet while you stayed with Bilbo.”

The apple was a deep red with yellow freckles on its flesh. It smelt ripe and sweet. It
appeared to be the perfect apple, too perfect.

“Thank you, Gandalf.”

He noticed my hesitation. “Yes?”



“It is…I mean…” I bit my lip and considered the apple through narrowed eyes, trying to find
any imperfection. “It is real…isn’t it?”

He laughed, so uproariously , it echoed in the courtyard and startled a few pigeons into flight.

 

***

 

The day was slow going, but that was to be expected . The ponies unused to their loads, and
their riders unused to riding after walking for so long. Or, in mine and Bilbo’s cases, unused
to riding at all. There was some good natured ribbing on the matter to be had from the
company. Though, in general, they were kind and supportive teachers.

Bilbo had trouble mastering his grip on the reins, his grip too tight or too loose. The result
proved hilarious to the Dwarves and Gandalf. They chuckled as Bilbo lift his hands to give
slack on the reins whenever his pony, Myrtle, tossed or shook her head. While I, finding his
hesitation as funny as the others, had trouble keeping my heels down. Dori took it upon
himself to ride beside me and click his tongue against his teeth if I allowed my calves to
relax. It made for a strenuous lesson.

The company were more than happy to provide advice to us both, which was often
unsolicited. At least, concerning Bilbo’s difficulties. I took every piece of information and
guidance and tried to remember it all. Even if Dori’s tutting was beginning to grate on my
nerves. Glòin had shown me the different parts of the reins, bridle and bit once we had left
Bree behind us. I thought the bit was monstrous and told them so, only to be laughed at. I
made a sincere effort to not pull Berry about very much after that.

Our trail out of Bree followed the main road, passing other travellers. We met a couple of
Hobbits, on their way into town who greeted us and wished us well. Apart from that it wasn’t
very entertaining, riding along one behind the other.

That was, until Balin pulled his pony to walk beside my own.

“How would you like to learn some Khuzdul, Rosalyn?” He asked, shooing Dori away as the
other Dwarf began to correct my technique again.

“I would love that!”

He chuckled. “We’ll begin with the basics, there’s no sense overwhelming you. You’ll have
plenty of time to remember.”

The topic of my memory loss and inability to speak the tongue of my people had been
something that avoided by all.

“You think I will?”

He nodded. “I am certain of it.”



Biting my lip, I agreed. I wasn't convinced it would be as simple, but I was willing to try
anything to regain what I'd lost. Around us, I noticed the others shifting in their saddles. My
new teacher paid them no mind and I strived to follow his lead.

“Excellent! Now, repeat after me, bakn galikh,” Balin instructed.

“I know that one! Good morning! Bakn galikh.”

“Very good, lass,” he praised. A smile so warm, the creases of his face softened the
prominent apples of his cheeks. “And good day is nurt galikh.”

“Nurt galikh,” I repeated. “So, ‘good’ is galikh?”

Balin nodded, looking proud. “Precisely.” 

We spent the next hour or so much the same way. Balin relayed greetings and ways to
announce oneself, then repeated them. I copied the words until they began to roll from my
mouth in sounds similar to his own. A few words took many tries, some abandoned for a later
attempt, but the majority came with an ease I wasn't going to take for granted.

“Zann galikh,” he said again. “Good night.”

After my fourth try, I had it. “Zann galikh.”

The others would pitch in when my pronunciation was a little off and needed correcting.
Something they took great joy in doing.

“Imnê, my name is.”

“Imnê. Imnê Rosalyn.”

“Nay, lass.” Bofur shook his head as he rode the other side of me. He had taken Dori’s place
after he become tried of correcting my riding posture. Something that slipped my mind often
given all the new words I was learning.

“Imnê,” Bofur annunciated, taking care to hum the ‘im’ sound as he pressed his lips together.
I had been pressing my tongue to the roof of my mouth, as he pointed out, producing an ‘in’
sound instead.

I repeated the word until all around were pleased with my progress.

“Idmi," came the next to learn. "Welcome.”

“Idmi.”

“Good, lass. Zai adshânzu, at your service.”

“Zai adshânzu.”

“Adshânzu,” he said again, stressing the ‘sh’.



I copied him a couple of times before he smiled.

“Very good!” He clamoured with glee, cheeks flushed. “Are you ready to try introducing
yourself?”

My immediate response was ‘no,’ but if I was to learn, I needed to practise. At least I had
enthusiastic teachers.

“Yes, I think so.”

“It is usual to begin greetings with the time of day, or just ‘good day'. Then your name, and
end with ‘at your service'.” Balin reeled the instruction off with the air of someone reciting a
shopping list to a harassed shopkeeper: ignorant of the strife his words were causing . “We
can cover the technicalities of Dwarven social higherarchy later.”

His quick throw away comment worried me. Dwarven society was intimidating, not in the
least because of the unknowns. Navigating Hobbit culture had taken a lot out of me in the
brief hours I had been at the market, or walking along lanes. Watching and copying Bilbo had
been easy enough, but there were different rules for a Hobbit lass which he did not need to
follow. I had tripped up a couple of times, but those had been waved away as me finding my
feet, both metaphorically and literally. Yet, the Hobbits had been kind enough not to mention
my faux pas. I worried that the Dwarves would not be as generous.

So, after clearing my throat and looking to Bilbo for encouragement—which he gave in the
form of an enthusiastic thumbs up—I attempted to mimic the low gravel with which the
Dwarves spoke with to produce the guttural sounds Khuzdul required. 

“Nurt galikh, imnê Rosalyn, zai adshânzu.”

“Wonderful, lass!” Balin praised, clapping his hands in a singular applause for my benefit.
“Wonderful, mark my words, we’ll have you fluent in no time.”

From all around came similar praise, even a nod of recognition from Thorin which surprised
me. Bilbo managed to wrangle Myrtle and was soon beside me, gesturing happily as he
congratulated me and assured me I sounded as if I had always known Khuzdul. Despite the
boldfaced lie, I smiled. It felt good to at least be able to speak some words of what I assumed
was my mother tongue.

 

***

 

Fíli

 

Rosalyn beamed under Balin’s praise as she thanked him for the lessons. She radiated
sunshine and glee, her eyes glimmering in the midmorning light. As the others chipped in



with their observations of her quick mastery of the harsh accent and pronunciations, Fíli
watched and wondered. 

He thought on the circumstances of her appearance in Hobbiton. In particular, the timing of
her arrival to the village in comparison to their own, and the murky circumstances
surrounding her memory loss. How had she happened to find the very same Hobbit the
company had been journeying to visit? Coincidence? And how was it she knew nothing of
her life before waking in that field? Fíli had known survivors of head trauma, Mahal, Bifur
was a prime example. Yet he hadn’t forgotten a single day before the incident. Rosalyn, too,
had sustained a head trauma. A fact that boiled Fíli's blood and fed the beast within that
wanted to find those responsible and snap their necks, but it hadn’t been as severe, or had the
same consequences as Bifur’s. 

So what was the cause of her memory loss? Gandalf had confided to Thorin, Dwalin, Bilbo
and Fíli one night while the others slept that even he could find no cause for it. She was under
no enchantment, and it was not the ill affects of a potion or poison. Least not any Gandalf
knew, and from her actions, manner and tone, they all concluded she was not lying. So, if it
were the result of some ill intended, malicious act, she was not aware of it. 

She presented many questions, and the air of mystery surrounding her was unavoidable, if
also a mite intoxicating. For what better basis for an adventure than a damsel without her
memory, flung far from any perceived home, and without a friend in the world except her
funny Hobbit friend? The whole thing smelt as catnip did to felines. Dwarves cannot smell
the allure of catnip, but they do know when adventuring is to be had. But it was this sort of
distraction that the company could not afford to indulge in. By the look of dark
contemplation on his uncle’s face after Gandalf’s remarks, Thorin had no qualms assuming
the worst of their new companion, and any intention on the part of a Dwarf to find excitement
in all she represented. 

The beast within Fíli growled every time Thorin sent a searching stare to Rosalyn. These
were happening with increasing regularity throughout her lessons, no doubt finding reason
for mistrust in the natural roll of her r’s or low toned vowels. The lust for violence was
beginning to nip at his heels and the back of his neck with fierce intent. Their adventure,
tinged by Rose's cloying perfume of mystery, tantalised in a way the promise of Erebor did
not. He could only hope that his hunger was all for naught, and could be sated with food or
running through an Orc who dared attack in the night. 

 

***

 

Rosalyn

 

Thorin called us to a halt near a coppice of pine trees among rocky terrain. The Dwarves
began to dismount, and it looked to me that Gandalf stepped from the horse to the ground. I



felt the need to sigh at his ease but held it behind my teeth. I had found no trouble fitting in
whilst in Hobbiton, any Dwarven settlement would be the same. It was only Bree and other
Man made towns that I was apart from the norm. I wondered if Gandalf had back pain from
stooping in Bag End.

In front of me, I heard Bilbo groan as he slid gracelessly from his mount to his feet.
Dismounting was proving tricky, as my legs had seized up. I couldn’t feel my feet at all, and
from my thighs downward felt numb. Even when shifting my weight, the saddle felt intrusive
beneath me. I wasn’t sure we would reconcile our differences, though Kíli had reassured me
that I would grow used to the saddle and it to me. I begged to differ.

“Need some help?”

I looked down to see Fíli stood beside me, smiling behind his moustache. Unsure how long I
had been lost in my thoughts, I offered him a smile in return.

“I think so,” I admitted, shy.

He reached up and placed his hands on my waist. At the sudden presence of his warm palms
on my body, I felt myself tense and fought against it. I didn’t want him to think I was averse
to his help. But there was something about how his hands encompassed my waist, thumbs
beneath my sternum and fingers meeting on my back, that made my gut roll and twist.

“Swing your left leg over the front of the saddle when I lift you, okay?”

I nodded, biting my lip.

“On three, one, two, three.”

On three, Fíli lifted me with unprecedented ease and I swung my leg over the front of the
saddle and Berry’s neck as directed. He lowered me to my feet in front of him, keeping a firm
grip on my waist after I had settled. The words to assure him I was fine were a mere breath
away when my knees buckled, my hips popped, and I moaned with the relief on my aching
back.

Face warm, I ducked against the shield of his chest and pressed my lips together.

“Don’t worry,” he whispered, a smile in his tone. “It’s happened to all of us. We were all once
new riders.”

Grateful he wasn’t laughing at me, I sighed.

“Thank you.”

“Dolzekh menu.” 

I peeked up and saw he was smiling down at me. Smiling, and thankfully still not laughing. I
wasn’t sure I could say the same for his brother had he been the one to help me. Then again,
what was it he just said to me? 



“What’s that?”

“It means thank you.”

“Oh, right, umm, and what is ‘you’re welcome’?” 

“Ya harmu,” he replied, “or ya harmu ‘addad, depending on the formality. It literally means,
‘with the favour of our fathers’. Though we usually omit the 'our fathers' part. It’s the formal
response to thank you, and I think the best for you to know right now.” 

I considered him, shocked I had the capacity to take in more Khuzdul. Or that he had the
patience to try and teach me more phrases. The lesson had begun to wear on some of the
others the longer we rode. Ori had dozed off in his saddle, he’d been so bored. 

“There are other ways to say you’re welcome?”

He grinned, sharp beneath his moustache and soft eyes. “That there are.” 

“And will you tell me?”

The dimples either side of his mouth deepened, sinking the brown freckles on his skin. There
was one near the corner of his nose that was larger than those surrounding it. Was it naturally
born or had it come from spending too much time in the sun? 

His lips parted and drew my attention. “Maybe when you’re older,” he teased.  

For a moment I wondered if he was laughing with me or at me, but when he squeezed his
hands around my waist, I jumped. He chuckled and wiggled his fingers, drawing a squeak
from my throat which only served to amuse him further. I’d been so caught up in him I hadn’t
realised he had yet to let go of me. Now, I didn’t want him to. And by the tightening of his
grip, he might not want to either. Or was that just my imagination? Wishful thinking? 

Either way, we chuckled together, once his words registered. His teasing felt second nature,
and I longed to taste more of it. 

“Stable?”

I nodded.

“Need some help tacking down?”

I blinked up at him. “What?”

But he was already shaking his head.

“Sorry, of course you won’t know about tacking up and down.” He let go of my waist,
reached over my head and took hold of Berry’s reigns, soothing a hand down her long face.
“How about we get you ready for bed, huh?” 

I felt strangely bereft without his touch. 



The pony huffed and moved around me to lip at the exposed fur of his coat. He batted her
away with a wooden chuckle I couldn’t read.

“Come on.” He led her away and I followed him, stiff limbed.

Though the ride had spared me the sensation of walking in my new footwear, walking in
boots that I already did not like, with feet that felt as if they had grown in size was not a kind
experience.

He brought Berry over to a large boulder and tied her reigns to a low tree branch beside the
dappled grey pony he had ridden. He took off her saddle, the saddle bags, and blanket
beneath, and then soothed his hands along her quivering flanks.

“Once we get her bridle off I’ll show you how to brush her down.”

I nodded, wondering what he meant, but eager to learn more about the ponies and taking care
of them. They had, after all, taken us further than our own feet could in a day. For that, they
deserved our care and attention.

He unbuckled the reins from the bridle and gave them to me to hold. Then, he unfastened the
bridle and reached for the bit, but Berry held it fast between her teeth. I thought she would
bolt as soon as she was free of the reins holding her to the tree, but she remained, quite
placid.

“Sometimes they do this,” he explained to me. “If she won’t let go, you can use your thumb
to gently wriggle it. She should give it up after that.”

Sure enough, Berry let go of the bit when Fíli wriggled his thumb twice behind the metal,
taking care to not let the bit hit her teeth once she released it.

“I’m not sure I’d put my thumb in her mouth, under any circumstances,” I told him, eyeing
her large teeth.

He chuckled, but I was serious. When he realised I hadn’t been joking, he laughed harder. His
amusement attracted some looks from the others, but they left us alone, each tending to their
own mount. Bilbo was receiving a lesson in pony care from Bofur, who was gesturing with
wide arms while Bilbo watched with narrowed eyes. 

“Thank you,” Fíli said as he returned from hanging up the bridle. He carried another bridle,
without a bit, and with only one buckle.

“For what?”

“Making me laugh,” he said as he put the new harness over Berry’s head and secured the
reins. His fingers brushed mine as I passed them over. “It’s been a while since I laughed as
much as I have these past two days.”

Confused, but trying not to show it, I smiled.

“Oh, well, you’re welcome.”



Why had he no cause to smile?

We fell into silence as he showed me how to brush Berry and check her hooves for pebbles. I
watched Fíli over her broad back when he turned to tend to his own pony. I noticed the
softness of his eyes and the pleased purse of his lips. His mind looked far away, a dreamy
gaze I was used to after spending time with Bilbo as he smoked in the garden. What captured
Fíli’s mind with such peace? As I was brushing along her neck, Berry turned to lip at my coat
pocket.

“I’ll give you one when we’re done,” I told her, laughing as I batted away her nose.
“Impatient beast.”

She snorted and shook her head up and down, clearly understanding me and not agreeing. Fíli
laughed on her other side.

“What is she after?”

“The sugar lumps in my pocket, or maybe the peppermints,” I told him, laughing as I dodged
her attempts to snare my coat once again. The quick jump to my right pulled at my back and I
winced.

“Rose?”

“I’m fine,” I shook off his worry, rubbing the small of my back where the pain flared. There
was an ache between my shoulders too, but I couldn’t reach. “Sore, is all.”

“Ah, it should ease after a day, or three. So, you bought yourself some treats for the road?”
He asked, looking over Berry’s back at me with an easy smile.

“No, not at all,” I corrected him, continuing to brush along Berry’s flank. “The bags were in
my coat pockets this morning. I haven’t a clue where they came from.”

He too, continued to brush his pony, whose name I hadn’t heard, and met my eyes. His were
creased in the corners.

“Oh?”

Did he know who had left the bags in my pockets? Had he done it?

Instead of asking him, I allowed time for him to admit it. I suppose that if I was to confront
him, the sweets would lose any charm I had felt when I discovered them.

“I suspect someone planted them in my coat without my knowing,” I offered when he made
no move to speak. “Though, why they haven’t admitted to it by now, I don’t know.”

He moved around his pony, now further away from me.

“Why does it matter so much?”



“I’d like to thank them,” I admitted, feeling a little shy at my reasoning, but I knew deep
down that kindness should be thanked, acknowledged. “It was a thoughtful thing to do, and I
would like to repay them.”

Fíli shook his head, still smiling. “I’m sure whoever it was will not want to be repaid,
Rosalyn."

I watched him as I responded, “Like you don’t want to be repaid for the coat?”

“Precisely.”

He didn’t twitch, didn’t flinch. He gave nothing away that might indicate he was the one
responsible for filling my morning with such wonder. I sighed, but didn’t argue with him
about the coat anymore. I would find a way to pay him back, even if it took years for me to
accumulate the money. The thought of owing him the very thing keeping me warm right now
was like an itch at the back of my head.

The subject of the sweets wasn’t brought up again, and we both tacked down the ponies in
companionable quiet, before they were each given a lump of sugar. Fíli insisted I give them
both their lumps as he tided away the brushes, and I wasn’t going to argue. Berry had a
second helping when she pressed her head against my torso, nuzzling into the coat. Those big
brown eyes of hers were hard to resist. When Fíli came back, he was grinning and I knew
he’d seen the extra treat she’d been given. He didn’t say a word, and continued to grin as we
joined the rest of the company around the infant fire.

Bilbo groaned as he tried to sit down on a rock next to me. He lowered himself a fraction
before his thighs shook, and he collapsed onto his behind, much to the amusement of others.

“Sore, Mr Baggins?” Chortled Nori.

Bilbo nodded, a sorrowful expression on his face as he rubbed his legs.

“It’s nothing a little self massage won’t cure,” Bofur chuckled, elbowing Nori as the two
smirked.

I perked up at this suggestion, beginning to feel the ache in my very bones.

“Would that help my back, too?”

Instead of replying as I had imagined they would, both of them along with the rest of the
company turned a bright red. With their pink cheeks, avoidance of my gaze and mumbled
replies of varying fashions, I was left confused. Even Kíli and Fíli avoided my questioning
gaze.

“Bofur was not referring to the practice of easing painful muscles, Rosalyn,” Gandalf
informed me with a patient smile and twinkling eyes. “But rather of the Dwarrow custom to
relieve a certain kind of stress. Usually with one’s own hands.”

I blinked up at him, still confused, until a distinct memory of an unpleasant and deeply
uncomfortable conversation sparked to life.



“Oh!”

Flushed, I too avoided all and slumped down, wishing the earth would open up to hide me.
Chuckles were shared and Bombur set about cooking as camp was set up, the matter
abandoned. 

 

***

 

A shrill cry violated the peace we had settled into once dinner was finished.

I startled, jumping in my skin, trying to find the source of the noise and scurrying backwards
to the safety of the rock. Fíli, who I’d found myself seated besides whilst eating dinner,
glanced at me, face soft in the firelight and utterly at ease. His lips parted and as he went to
speak, Bilbo jogged over to the fire from over by the ponies.

“What was that?” He asked, panic clear in his voice.

“Orcs,” Kíli answered for his brother.

Fíli jerked upright and fixed his brother with a scowl before turning to me and shaking his
head.

“Orcs?” Bilbo repeated in shock, his wide eyes fixed on Kíli.

From the corner of my eye, I saw Thorin awake with a jolt. He had no progression from
slumber to wakefulness, and he scanned the horizon with sharp eyed intent. During this, Fíli
seemed to settle down, lounging back against the rock face next to me.

“Throat-cutters, there’ll be dozens of them out there,” he spoke gently, but with a subtle
warning that his words were true. As he shared a look with his gleaming eyed brother, his
face paled with faux fear, akin to that of Bilbo’s when telling Daisy scary stories. “The lone-
lands are crawling with them.”

Kíli, rather than hearing his brother’s subtextual warning, took the words as encouragement
to tease Bilbo further. “They strike in the wee small hours, when everyone’s asleep. Quick
and quiet, no screams. Just lots of blood.”

I knew they were only teasing Bilbo, but I couldn’t help the shiver of dread that flashed up
my spine at Kíli’s words. Something about that scenario seemed all too familiar.

Sure enough, when Bilbo turned back to look out over the horizon, Kíli turned and gave his
brother a small smirk. Fíli grinned back.

“You think that’s funny?” Came Thorin’s thunder-like grumble as he stepped into the
firelight. “You think a night raid by Orcs is a joke?”



The brothers smirks and heads dropped as Thorin glared down at them.

“We didn’t mean anything by it,” Kíli mumbled.

“No, you didn’t.” Thorin shook his head, spitting out his words as he walked away from the
fire. “You clearly know nothing of the world.”

Balin, who had been listening nearby, came over.

“Don’t mind him, laddie,” he soothed, leaning against the rock beside me. “Thorin has more
cause than most to hate Orcs.”

The brothers were quiet. I couldn’t see Kíli’s face, but his hands toyed with his pipe and
knife. Previously he’d been cleaning it out to smoke, but now his task was abandoned. Fíli
blinked up at Balin, his own pipe left smouldering in one hand, before turning his head to
follow Thorin as he walked towards the edge of the cliff. Bilbo likewise watched the Dwarf
before settling down on the other side of the fire. Beyond him, I saw Gandalf smoking
against a tree and Dwalin cleaning a blade. The others were waking from sleep or standing
from their mumbled conversations to join us. The moment felt greater, heavier, than their
reactions lead me to believe. 

“After the dragon took the Lonely Mountain,” Balin began, eyes glazed as he stared into the
fire. “King Thror tried to reclaim the ancient Dwarf kingdom of Moria.”

It felt like the air around us became tight and close as he continued. My head began to spin,
flickers of faces, gleam of metal, and the spray of blood flashing before my eyes. This all
sounded so familiar. So…so real. As real as if I had been in the midst of the action myself. As
if I had seen Azog behead King Thror. As if I had smelt the heavy tang of long since drawn
blood. As if I had felt the bitter wind at my bare cheeks, and the heat of other’s heavy breaths
against my skin.

I looked at Fíli, wanting a break from the intense feeling of warmth that surrounded me, and
saw that he was utterly enraptured by Balin’s tale. Did he feel this tightness too? Or was
Balin just that good at telling stories? I wondered if this was the first time he was hearing the
tale. Surely Thorin had told it to him before now? As I sat there, I realised that by retelling
this story, Balin was reliving the event. He was beginning to tear up, the horrors of his past
reflected in his eyes. If it affected Balin this much, I dreaded to think of what the words, and
the memories, were doing to Thorin.

And I realised that, while Balin was indeed a gifted storyteller, there was no way I could have
imagined the stench of death. Nor the sound of Thorin’s grief as he saw his beheaded
grandfather.

“Our forces rallied, and drive the Orcs back,” Balin continued. “And our enemy had been
defeated. But there was no feast or song that night. For our dead were beyond the count of
grief. We few had survived. And I thought to myself then, there is one who I could follow.
There is one, I could call king.”

“But the pale Orc?” Bilbo asked. “What happened to him?”



“He slunk back into he hole whence he came,” Thorin spat as he strode back over from the
cliffside. “That filth died of his wounds long ago.”

The rest of the company hummed in agreement.

I cleared my throat, anxious but sure that this was the right thing to do. After all, Bilbo had
not spurned me when I told him of my dreams. He looked at me know, concern clear in his
eyes as he watched me gather my courage.

“Balin?” I was inordinately proud of how little my voice shook as I called out to him, lost as
he was in his daydreams of death.

He shook himself before replying: “Yes, dear?”

“At the battle,” I began, biting my lip as I weighed my words. How could I phrase this? What
if I said the wrong thing? How did I prove my gift? What if they were repulsed by me? “Did
Dwalin have hair?”

Dwalin spluttered.

“How did you know that?” He demanded, cross, looking around to find the non-existent
culprit who spilled this truth to me.

Nervous, I looked to Bilbo who pursed his lips and shrugged. He knew my intent, there was
no other reason for my query, yet it was clearly up to me to decide my next course of action.
He was proving to be of very little help on a subject he promised to support me on.

I took a deep breath and closed my eyes. I couldn’t admit it while I looked at them.

“I dreamt of it.”

“You…you what?” Dori had moved forward, and sounded incredulous.

When I at last opened my eyes, I saw that the entire company had turned to face me.

“What else have you dreamt, lass?” Bofur asked quietly. 

I shrugged, picking at a loose thread on my dress, uncomfortable discussing my dreams under
their unblinking gazes. Only Gandalf remained still, smoking against his tree and watching us
all.

“I dreamt of Thorin once,” I said.

Fíli and Kíli jerked at the mention I had dreamt of their uncle. Flushing, I struggled to find
the words to explain.

“It was at the end of a battle,” I interrupted their disgust, my words falling over themselves to
explain. “I, perhaps—it could be— I think it was the same battle you were speaking about.
Though, I do not have any real, that is to say, tangible proof of this. But there was this great



white creature fighting with him. I remember. I saw him lose an arm. Even, even heard his
screams and those of all others around.”

They all grew somber, and their faces gave nothing of their emotions away. I wished, and
probably not for the last time, that Dwarves had not been carved from stone. Perhaps then
they would be easier to read.

Thorin moved to stand in front of me.

“Tell me something you would only know if you had witnessed it.”

He wanted me to prove it. I suppose I could have guessed Dwalin had a full head of hair back
then. It only took a moment to think back, the images of the dream came back to me as quick
as if I’d reached for them as one would reach for a book on a shelf.

“Your father wore a ring, on his right fourth finger. Red, it was a large stone, mounted onto a
sliver band.”

He drew back as if I had slapped him. He looked to Gandalf, who nodded wisely, the brim of
his large hat tipping so low it obscured his face.

After some long moments of awe, and uncomfortable staring—on Ori’s and Bombur’s part
mostly—Balin sat beside me, nodding to himself. 

“You’re a Seer,” Balin explained, as if it were the answer to all my problems.

Bilbo too, nodded. “I thought as much.”

Everyone was quick to pin him beneath their stares, but Bilbo, for the shy and nervous fellow
that he was, didn’t shrink under the weight of them.

“You knew?” Dori accused, though what exactly he was accusing Bilbo of, I could not say.

“Yes.”

“How long?”

Bilbo raised one shoulder in a half shrug. “Her third day she told me about having strange,
realistic dreams.”

Everyone became fascinated. It seemed I didn’t need to be scared of their reactions, for
Seer’s appeared to be something rare and wonderful.

“So,” Kíli pondered, leaning forward. “If Rosalyn’s a Seer, that means she’s been having
visions?”

Oín nodded. “Aye, laddie, visions of the past. Mr Baggins?”

He turned to Bilbo, ear trumpet held aloft.



“Yes?”

“Has Rosalyn fitted whilst having a vision?”

Fitted?

“Err, no, no, not as far as I’m aware. Rose?”

Hesitant, I shook my head. “I’ve only seen these things whilst asleep. I thought I was
dreaming at first.”

“Eh?”

“No, I’ve only seen things whilst asleep,” I repeated, louder.

Finally, he nodded. “Ah, good, it’s for the best.”

Before I could question him about this, Glóin lent toward the firelight.

“Do you know how long you’ve had these gifts?” He questioned, stern and brisk.

“I don’t understand.”

He was intense. “Do you think you had them before you awoke in that field?”

“I don’t know. I can’t tell. Why?”

Dwalin ground his jaw as he answered: “Because others might know of your Sight.”

I wasn’t connecting the dots quite as quick as the others, who had all paled and were looking
rather worried. Even Bilbo and Gandalf had an air of unease.

“And that would be…?”

“Depending on the individual?” Bofur whistled low and shook his head. “Bad, lass, very
bad.”

Nervous, I looked to Bilbo. He was fidgeting, wringing his freckled hands.

“Bilbo?”

“Did you tell Hilda?”

I blinked. “No, no I didn’t.”

“Daisy?”

He was growing increasingly desperate. Something that soured the pit of my stomach.

“No, Bilbo, what’s wrong?”



“What if those who left you in that field come looking for you?” He asked. “What if they
come to Hobbiton? Asking about you? No one knows about the exact circumstances of your
arrival apart from Hilda.”

I felt any colour in my face leave. He was right. How had I not thought of this before?

“If they know about your visions,” he continued, sucking in a fortifying breath. “They will
want you back. They will search Hobbiton, the entire Shire, for you.” He looked at me and
shook his head. “For I am not blind to the wealth your dress represented.”

“You think she was a ransom?” Glóin queried, frowning with displeasure. “That she escaped
her captors before they could receive their payment?” 

Bilbo shook his head again and got up to pace.

“I do not know,” he said. “But with her injuries and the lack of any guide or guard…I can
only speculate that she escaped someone whose intentions were anything but honourable.”

My breath caught as he spat that last word towards the fire. I had never seen him so agitated.

“Why didn’t you say anything before!” Dwalin growled.

“Because I had no proof!” Bilbo burst, showing true anger and frustration. “ Just as there was
no proof, that I knew, to convince you of her Sight. You all barged into my home, talking of
dragons and adventures, how was I to get a word in edgeways to talk about Rose? You all
made your minds up the moment talk of ‘what if’s’ considering her situation began. And now
we are miles away from my family, when danger could be knocking on their stoop at any
moment!”

“We have to go back!” I shouted, also getting to my feet. 

I had half a mind to run to Berry and ride to Hobbiton myself, even if I could not remember
the way very well. All that concerned me was the thought of sweet Daisy answering the door
as she had to Bilbo and I, but instead to find some villainous fiend. 

Thorin returned from his distant position, markedly subdued given the current tension in the
air. 

“We are not turning back."

“She’s a child!” I shouted, advancing on him in my fury, uncaring that I did not identify who
‘she’ was, though they could imagine.

“As are you!” Thorin yelled back at me. His black anger halted my advance, and for a
moment I knew a fear I had not felt before.

Dwalin drew himself up behind Thorin, bristling like an angry animal.

“Thorin,” Balin began, but our leader cut him off before he could continue.



“This mission is more important than what if’s and maybes,” he hissed, casting a scathing
glare at Bilbo who ceased his pacing. “We do not have time for side quests to investigate a
possibility.”

“You are being foolish,” I spat, wanting to use more colourful language, but knowing he far
outranked me and my opinion. 

“And you are impetuous,” he bit out. “You have no memory of our world, but you will learn
under our tutelage. Learn to respect your elders, and know when to hold your tongue.”

“But they could be in danger!”

“This is only hearsay,” he said, with less thunder in his growl, and I could see the diplomat in
him then. “We do not know under what circumstances you were left. We do not know that
anyone is after you. We will not turn around this company for a minute possibility.”

I looked to Bilbo, to Fíli, Kíli, and Gandalf, but none of them offered any help. The brothers
would not want to fight their uncle. Bilbo was still unsure of his place in the company and on
this quest, and Gandalf…I did not know. But they were all useless to me. They did not care
enough to intervene, to say something, anything.

Escaping them, I sat beside Berry's slumbering form, and it did not take long for me to
understand I wanted their recognition. For them to recognise that I was right about a potential
threat against those I loved. Against Hilda, Daisy, Dinodas, and perhaps even all of Hobbiton.
I had been abandoned , but injured. I doubted that if those who had done so knew I still lived,
they would let me live. Bilbo may be right. Had I been held as ransom for whoever bought
me such expensive clothing? A husband? Father? Or was I a ward? The orphaned HalfBlood
of a wealthy uncle?

Thorin’s anger had irked me. More so, because of his clear hypocrisy. I did not know how
much this treasure we were seeking valued. But if it was important enough for a King and
princes to join the troop in search of it, it would not be some paltry token. How could they
not see that others may want this treasure too? Would they want it enough to kill for it? Or
torture? Had the company been followed ? It occurred to me that if those who had taken me,
knew of our venture, the reward at the end would be worth far more than some Dam who
could be used for blackmail or leverage.

 

***

 

Fíli

 

Fíli watched through the puffs of smoke from his pipe as Rosalyn settled into a restless sleep
beside him and Kíli. It had taken a while, and Bilbo’s gentle interference, to persuade her to



sleep by the fire.

After Rosalyn’s revelation of having a dream-vision of Moria, and the argument between his
uncle and Rosalyn, Fíli knew he would be unable to find solace from his active mind in sleep.
Sleep wouldn’t come to him tonight. He doubted it would for any nights proceeding, either.

With Rose's announcement, Fíli felt the cold grip of fear ensnare his heart. When she had told
them about her dream, he had been firm in his belief that she could be of help on their quest.
As a Seer, Rose held a power rare in Middle Earth. With her foresight, she could influence
events in their favour. An advantage Fíli knew his uncle saw could lead to the recapture and
restoration of their ancestral home. He also knew that Seers were sought after by both the
light and dark forces of Middle Earth. Her status as both a Seer and a HalfBlood would make
her a valuable commodity among the lowlives who traded in people rather than goods.

Slavers.

If one was to catch wind of Rosalyn and what she could do, Fíli dreaded to even entertain the
possibilities that could befall her. He had to turn and face her, watching as her chest rose and
fell. The sound of her soft snores cementing her physical presence beside him. It had
occurred to Fíli that those who had injured her could have been taking her to a slave market,
rather than Bilbo’s theory of ransom. Either way, the possibility that there were still people
looking for Rose was very real. The mere thought of someone taking her shook his hands
with anger. The desire to throttle whoever made the sorry mistake of doing such flushing his
skin.

He knew that his feelings towards Rosalyn were not strictly that of a concerned Dwarrow for
a Dwarrowdam. Simple affection did not bring about such unwavering devotion. But he
could not describe how he felt towards her. The emotions too many to simplify, too chaotic to
put into words. It went beyond the sibling-strong affection and loyalty he had for his brother.
It was more complex than the admiration and respect he felt for his uncle. And was far deeper
than the love and adoration he held for his mother. Yet, it was incomparable to the emotions
he had held for Emmïla. The Dwarven lass who had blushed as bright as spring blossoms,
some three decades ago, when they traded their first kisses.

This was so much more.

He was not quite sure why, or how, but there was a voice in the back of his mind that
whispered words it had no right to. Words like love, desire and even One. Words that his
heart sung to, and words that made his pulse race. But he was steadfast in his belief that what
he was feeling was the effects of being one of the only protective figures she knew . Rose
clung to them all as the only people she knew in this land. It stood to reason, then, that their
bonds were tighter than those of an ordinary travelling troop.

For how could he, the uncrowned prince of a ruined empire, ever be deserving of a One?

Rosalyn turned in her sleep, an arm reaching out from beneath her blanket towards him. Her
fingers falling a hairs breadth from his thigh. That treacherous voice told him she could feel
the bond too, that she was searching for the comfort of his touch. But he knew it was nothing



of the sort. He tucked the limb back under the blanket, noticing for the first time how delicate
her hands were in comparison to his. 

“Sleep, sanûrzud,” he whispered. Not wanting his dozing brother hear, and returned to his
pipe and ruminations.

Chapter End Notes

Khuzdul translations:

Bakn galikh: Good morning

Nurt galikh: Good day

Zann galikh: Good night

Imnê: My name is

Idmi: Welcome

Zai adshânzu: At your service

Dolzekh menu: Thank you

Ya harmu ('addad): You are welcome (literally: with the favour of (the fathers) note:
addad (fathers) is often omitted)

Sanûrzud: perfect (true/pure) sun

I'm sorry if there are any formatting mistakes, AO3 shook this chapter up when I was
trying to get it laid out right. I'll look it back over in a day or two, I'm starting a new job
soon so time will be tight, but I'll see to it, promise! Thank you all so, so much for all
your love. Every kudos, comment, bookmark and view warms my heart!

As always, thank you for reading! I hope you are all well. Please leave a review and let
me know what you thought. Stay safe and take care. Love x



Chapter 11: Visions
Chapter Summary

Memories, angst, turmoil, and a cute Kíli.

Chapter Notes

Disclaimer: I own nothing but original character and my original storyline for her. The
Hobbit, LOTR, and other subsequent works belong to the Tolkien estate. All creative
output by Peter Jackson, his interpretation, and movies belong to him and the relevant
parties, including the actors interpretations and their acting choices.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

***

 

Rosalyn

 

The next morning, conversations were sparse and strained. The company moved around,
breaking fast and gathering belongings with sour faces. Even Gandalf, who had kept back
from the argument the night before, walked with drooped shoulders and a deep frown on his
brow. 

Ori, more than most, seemed effected by the sombre atmosphere, so I shared my secret
peppermint stash and he cheered up considerably. We both ignored Dori’s scathing comment
on how the sweets would rot our teeth, proceeding to pop our second mints into our mouths
with relish, much to the amusement of Nori. Our antics brought some smiles to faces, and a
wicked gleam to Kíli’s eye when we neglected to admit that after three sweets each that we
both felt sick. It was swiftly agreed that the rest should be saved for later. Kíli meanwhile,
took one mint as bribery to not tell anyone, and cackled to himself when he went back to his
pony. 

After that, I wrapped the bag with some twine Bombur had given me to ensure the bag
wouldn’t open and the sweets spill out. 

“Thank you,” I told him. 



“You’re welcome, lass,” he mumbled, cheerful. I think he was the only one who wore happy
ruddy cheeks this morning. “My own bairns have secret stashes for sweeties. Perfect for
times like these.”

He cast a glance back to Dori who was trying to scold Ori for taking the treats in the first
place. 

“I’ll tell you about their pockets sometime,” Bombur continued in a hushed tone. “Me misses
don’t even know ‘bout the secret pockets, sewed them m’self.” 

He looked so proud of this fact, and such a light, pure secret had my lips lifting into a grin.
Imagining this adorable Dwarf conspiring with his children to keep sweets secret from their
mother, was such an innocent scene that it made my heart hurt. I wanted to ask him how old
his children were, but Bofur called for his brother from the other side of the camp. 

“Till later, lass,’’ he bid before trotting off, his circular beard swinging with his steps. 

Ori appeared back at my side and mutinously muttered that Dori could do without being
proved right all the time. As Ori told it, such mentions of jokes, rebellion and gluttony
indulged to the point of regretfulness, only led to an inflated ego and his eldest brother
strutting around as if he were Mahal’s gift to Dwarves for the ensuring few days. While I
watched his brother mount his pony, I saw Dwalin roll his eyes and sigh. It looked like others
shared Ori’s thoughts. 

But, despite our queasiness, Ori mentioned that he was intrigued by the mysterious
appearance of the bags, and he conspired with me while we readied our ponies as to who the
culprit may be. 

It was a welcome distraction from the morbid thoughts that had intruded upon my sleep the
night before. 

“You’re certain the bags were not in your pockets when you first put the coat on that
morning?” He asked, having already ascertained that the bags may have magically appeared
from nowhere. Although I’d not counted that as a possibility, Ori thought it was a reasonable
option to consider. He was quick to point out Gandalf’s apple, and his swift and accurate
reasoning brought my attempts of refutal to an end. 

“I’m certain,” I replied, having already had this conversation with myself umpteen times in
my head. 

Ori nodded, in a manner rather like his brothers with long downward tilts of his chin, while
his eyes narrowed in deep thought. Sometimes I caught myself watching the company, as I
was watching Ori now. Their mannerisms and traits were all at once amusing and puzzling.
Alike Hobbits in numerous ways, it was the cultural and familial quirks which caught my eye
and interest. Like how Ori and his brothers nodded the same way. Did I nod like someone I
once knew? 

“So,” he mused, weighing his words with the care of someone far older. “Someone must have
placed them there between you leaving your room and entering the yard, or we would have



all seen them do it.” 

He paused, pondering with a frown that was too large for his face. 

Beside me, Bilbo muttered to himself under his breath as he secured his saddle. His words
sounded dark and bitter, but I couldn’t catch them. He had been out of sorts since the
argument last night, and was making a conscious effort to avoid the eyes of anyone else.
Even me. 

It was deeply troubling and a pain twisted in my gut when I thought of him deciding he no
longer wished to be a part of the company. He could very well leave us all. I doubted that
Thorin would hold him to his contract, what with the fierce disquiet about the leader. I hoped
Bilbo wasn’t thinking of going back to Hobbiton. Even if I wanted to join him, wanted to
throw everything away, bolt on Berry a fast as she could carry me to see Daisy's face myself,
deep down I knew doing so would cut my ties to the company. I doubted some of the others
were that attached to me to ignore my abandonment of them. But, I also wanted to stay and
learn about my people. To turn my back on them and leave with a Hobbit? It was doubtful
Thorin would overlook such a betrayal. 

“Bilbo?” I called softly, worried he would startle. 

He did, jolting so abruptly I heard his teeth clack together. It took him a moment to gather
himself, but he did, to my surprise, turn to me. 

“Yes, Rose?”

I noticed that when he was stressed or concerned, he often favoured to call me by this
nickname. I did not mind, in fact, I rather enjoyed it. The familiarity warmed the space in the
middle of my chest; it reminded me I was not alone. 

“Are you well?”

He nodded, eyes drifting somewhere over my shoulder as he hummed. 

“Are you sure?” I pressed as Ori turned to attend to his pony’s bridle. 

Bilbo nodded, but his eyes became focused. I turned to see what had caught his attention.
Thorin was stood beside his mount, one hand brushing the pony’s mane, while he held the
beast steady with the other on its bridle. It was his face that caught my, and evidently Bilbo’s,
attention. Mouth pressed thin, and his eyes fixed on us both…no, me. He was watching me.
When my eyes caught his own he turned away, but not before I saw the sour downturn of his
mouth. As if my mere presence left a bad taste in his mouth. 

“Rosalyn?” Ori inquired sweetly, a hesitant hand on my own which was endeavouring to
strangle the leather reins I held. 

“Oh,” I breathed as I came back to myself. “I’m all right, Ori, thank you.” 

Bilbo cast me a meaningful look before he turned back and mounted his pony. Ori,
presumably having also seen who was looking our way, tried to smile but the attempt



twitched with nerves and ended up resembling a grimace. 

 

***

 

A little while later, after much complaining both Dwarven and Equestrian-during which Ori
had taken the time to teach me Khuzdul words and phrases I was not familiar with, but the
phrases rarely stuck as he so quickly rattled them off, thus leading to the rest of our company
suffering through stilted pronunciations and awkward silences-we halted. The long decline
from the rocky crag had been precarious, and not helped by the undulating hills and muddy
terrain that sent the ponies sliding about in fearful fits. While glad we had missed the rainfall
that created the muck, I was not happy at the splattering of mud that slapped across my face
and self when Bilbo’s pony panicked as she lost footing on one particularly wet slope. 

The company, meanwhile, erupted into raucous laughter. 

“You’re a true Dwarf now, lass!” Nori cried. 

“Why’s that?” I asked, wiping my face as best I could, lamenting the speckled staining on my
beautiful new coat. The leaf littered brown did not compliment the deep red. 

“You’ve tasted your first mud!” Glóin chuckled. “Makings of an adult Dwarf that is!” 

That didn’t sound real. Had he made that up? 

“It is?” I asked, hesitant, sure they were playing a trick on me. 

But he remained jovial. “Sure is, lass!” 

They all watched me, jubilant. Even Gandalf nodded to himself, eyes set in a pleased crinkle.
Maybe it was a common saying amongst Dwarves? How would I know any different? The
thought brought a sharp pain to my chest so I focused on Bilbo’s face. He too was confused,
thankfully. 

He also saw how I was picking at the mud that was quickly drying in the noon day sun. 

“May we stop soon?” Bilbo asked, eyes flickering from my hands to Thorin were he was
guiding his pony over the last rock spotted patch of the trail. 

I watched him, shocked. My friend had been quiet all morning, speaking a handful of times
during our ride and even those had been sparse and only when someone asked him something
that required a verbal response, not just hums of agreement or disagreement. Now, I could see
the Bilbo who walked me through Hobbiton and confronted Aldagrim Took. 

“Aye,” Dwalin was quick to agree. “We’ve passed through the worst of it, let’s get the ponies
clean. Let ‘em rest a while, Thorin.” 



Thorin did not grumble, that I could hear, and nodded. 

“So be it,” came his answer. “We’ll rest here. I can see a clear area ahead.” 

The verdict pleased everyone, especially the ponies who nosed at the undergrowth and shook
their manes in the sunshine. 

The clearing was a swathe of long grass and wildflowers on the cusp of a sprawling coppice.
It looked like the Shire, but I knew we had left the Shire far behind us. The pull to return to
Hobbiton and seek out Daisy and Hilda still pulled, but I told myself I couldn't help them on
my own even if I was to return. In fact, the likelihood of my presence causing more trouble
was greater than it being helpful. Berry nosed at my hip once I’d dismounted, which in and of
itself was a little scary without help, knocking me free from my dour thoughts. She didn’t
wait for me to settle myself and was intent on the bag she wanted, even knowing which
pocket it lay within. Tethered to a guide rope fashioned from a length of braided cloth, and
one sugar lump and ear scratch later, she seemed placated, leaving me with a swish of her tail
to nibble on the grass. 

I dropped my pack to stretch my aching legs and back, watching as others did variations of
the same move. Arms thrust into the air, I heard and felt my back pop. The effect was so
pleasant, I couldn’t help but moan at the sensation. No one was nearby, thankfully, but that
didn’t mean I wasn’t embarrassed. 

As I shed my coat and began to brush it off, retrieving the cloak to ward off the sharp wind,
Gandalf appeared at my elbow…well…I appeared at his, given the height difference. 

“I see you have Belladona’s cloak,” he observed. Without his hat, his face was clear and
bright in the sun. I had never noticed before, but despite his wisened appearance, his eyes
spoke of a youth absent from his skin. He had mischievous eyes, kind, and soft, like those I
saw in Kíli. 

“Yes,” I replied. “Bilbo gave it to me to wear my first day in Hobbiton, he insisted I bring it
along on the journey as I have no cloak of my own.”

“It suits you, my dear.” 

“I forgot, you knew her, didn’t you Gandalf?” 

“I did.” 

“What was she like?”

His face became soft and warm, full of affection. 

“She was a breed of creature rare to Middle Earth,” he told me, eyes set towards distant
memories. “I have encountered few as genuinely kind and wonderful as she.” 

“Is Bilbo at all like her?”

The Wizard chuckled. “More than he probably knows, or will admit.”



“How so?”

“Well," he considered, turning his gaze towards the Hobbit in question. "He is certainly his
father’s son, in appearance, however, there is an air of Tookness about him that cannot be
denied.”

I couldn't help but grin. “Tookness?”

“Hmm, yes, it’s a term his mother coined for the fancies and eccentricities of the Took
family.” He smiled down at me. “It suits rather well, don’t you think?”

“It does,” I agreed, delighted with the new term, but the conversation had reminded me, yet
again, of the night before. “Gandalf?”

“Hmm?”

“Do you think I’m worrying for no reason? About Hobbiton, and my friends, I mean. Do you
think I should be concerned?”

He grew ruminative. “I think that if those who were responsible for your condition when you
awoke were to seek you out again, they would not be able to pass through Hobbiton
unscathed.” 

His conclusion alarmed me. “Hobbits aren’t a violent people.”

“No, not normally,” he concurred, giving a grumbling sort of hum as he thought. “But these
are not normal circumstances, are they?” 

“No,” I had to conceded, hating the dark path my thoughts took. “No, they aren’t.” 

 

***

 

Later, most of the group dispersed, milling around doing whatever they had found to
accompany their thoughts and restless hands. Yet I found myself listless. The rock I'd perched
upon had grown cold, the sun blanketed by thick clouds. While the wind was cool in the
sun’s heat, without it, the air nipped at exposed flesh with the promise of winter. The others
didn’t seem to mind the cold, though I saw Bilbo shake when a stronger breeze played with
the long grass around us all. I was grateful for Belladona's cloak. 

Kíli caught my eye as I gazed around, and beckoned me over. He held something in his
hands, but I didn’t pay much mind to it, I’d been wanting something to do for a while now.
Yet every time I asked if I could help anyone, my questions was shaken off with a smile and
patronising pat on the head. 

As I stood up, a pressure fell onto the exposed nape of my neck. It was cold and damp, as if a
hand had fallen there after plunging into ice water. Yet it was the pressure that halted my



movements. As firm as the phantom hand it felt like, the grip tightened around my neck with
increasing strength. I knew there was no one there, no body to connect this feeling to, no
person to whom I could hold accountable. But I felt it. 

Desperate, I tried to find Kíli, but he wasn’t there anymore. No one was. I was alone in the
meadow, without even the ponies or Gandalf’s horse for company. The luggage, fire, and
scattered detritus had likewise disappeared. Only the biting wind remained. 

Was I dreaming? Or was this another vision? But…I’d never had a vision whilst awake
before. 

I bit the inside of my cheek. Bilbo had once told me that one cannot feel pain whilst
dreaming, but despaired when I felt the sharp explosion of pain. I bit down harder, savagely
digging my teeth into the thickness of the flesh. So panicked was I, I didn’t realise I couldn’t
taste my own blood until my jaw began to ache. 

What was this? 

No images pressed themselves to my eyelids, instead, the smells and sounds of laughter and
blazing fires assaulted my senses. 

“Give ‘er another,” someone called, chuckling. 

Male, young, and jovial like Kíli, but with a strong accent I couldn’t place. That he spoken
Westeron made me wonder if it was a Man. 

Frantic, I searched as best I could, but found no one. 

Something hit my cheek so hard my head whipped to the side. The sound of flesh hitting
flesh echoed across the meadow like a clap of lightning, but my phantom attacker did not
materialise. 

“She cries prettily,” another voice hummed. Older, still male, and with a mouth full of
something. He was eating. The wet sound of open mouthed mastication turned my stomach. 

Heavy footsteps over loose rock, to my left, someone venturing closer. But still, when I
turned, there was no one there. I tried to cry out for Bilbo, for Fíli, Kíli, anyone, but though
my lips would part, no sound came. 

What was this paralysis? Had I been cursed? 

“If you mark her, you’ll pay for it like for like,” a third voice warned. 

This one was female, but rough, aged by years of smoking a pipe. 

There was a grunt of displeasure from the second voice. “Thought he didn’t mind if we
roughed ‘er up a bit?”

“He doesn’t,” she replied, flat. “But I do.” 



“Yeah? Why’s that then?” 

I felt someone’s breath on my face. It smelt of ale and dried meat. 

“I have plans for this one,” came the feminine reply. 

Something moved my hair. Struck still by fear, I watched as a curl from my forehead was
moved and tucked behind my ear. I could feel the delicate brush of fingertips against the shell
of it, their touch lingering on the point there. 

“Oh yes,” the woman hummed, pleased in a way I didn’t want to understand. “You’ve got
something big in your future, my dear. Something big and bad, and delectably bloody.” She
laughed, low and deep in her throat before her voice came closer, words whispered into the
ear she had stroked. “What I wouldn’t give to be there. I wager you’ll be breathtaking as you
cry then.” 

My vision returned, and I was back in the meadow, laid curled with my knees against my
chest, on the rock I had previously stood from, and frighteningly dazed. Kíli was sat beside
me now, a water skin in hand. He smiled when he saw me looking at him. 

“Sleep well?” 

“Sleep?” I echoed, horse as I moved to sit up. My joints were stiff and sore. 

“You dropped off about a half hour ago,” he told me, tone even and pleasant. “I was going to
ask you to come help me check the saddle bags, but Balin told me to leave you sleeping.
Sorry if I woke you when I called, I hadn’t seen you had lay down.”

Neither had I known I had laid down. 

Just what had happened here? Had I been awake? Or had that all been dream? If it was a
dream, how had I seen Kíli call me to help him? Had the sight of him been a half-awake
vision peeked through sleep cracked eyelids? My head began to pound. The tingling at the
nape of my neck gripped tighter, and I tried to take a breath but it hurt my chest. 

No, it was not entirely a dream. 

“What is it Rosie?” Kíli prodded, nudging his elbow into my arm, a pensive frown digging
into his brow. “You’re far away, where’d you go?”

I shook my head, but the feeling of the hand didn’t dissipate. 

“I’m not sure,” I admitted, choosing my words carefully, lest I fall back into the same state as
before. Because of Daisy, jinxing luck was a matter I was well versed in. Was I even awake
now? It had felt so real, so tangible. I didn’t mean to speak my next words aloud. “Maybe,
maybe it was a memory.” 

Kíli latched onto them, however. Brightening, he sat up straighter, cheeks rounding as he
smiled. 



“Really?” He gushed, reaching out to steady my elbow as I sat up beside him with shaking
limbs. He capped the water skin. The side I’d been lain on, my left, was full of numbness.
“What have you remembered?” 

Hesitant, I wasn’t sure how to explain it all to him. 

“I’m not entirely sure they aren’t visions, to be perfectly honest,” I admitted, biting the inside
of my cheek. The pain helped. It reminded me that I was awake. While I had felt pain in
the…dream…I hadn’t been able to taste my own blood. Not like this, not with as much depth.
“It’s not nightmares, not really. But, I don’t think it was entirely memory, either. I don’t feel
panic, terror, or fear…it’s somehow worse than that…I felt…I feel uneasy. Unsettled. As if
the ground beneath my feet arches up in a slope and I can’t alter my footing fast enough to
stand upright.” 

Kíli, for all his sudden jovial brightness, grew solemn. 

“What happens when you lose your balance?” He asked.

A sob pained my chest as I tried to suppress it, but it broke free in a gasp. Kíli’s hand reached
for my own, squeezing. 

“I don’t know,” I told him, looking to the company who I could see were unaffected by my
vision. They sat, ate, and talked in more or less the same positions they had previously been
in. But something pulled in my chest when I took in the back of Fíli's head by the ponies. He
was about to turn around, I was sure of it, and what would he think of me then? Some
weakling HalfBlood troubled by a dream? “Sometimes…sometimes I see things, hear things,
feel things, and I think those are memories, scraps of voices, sounds, tastes, and touch, but
there are...most memories aren’t…good.”

My stilted explanation took longer as I fought to breathe through the panic bubbling in my
throat.

“Rosie,” Kíli’s soft entreat of my name felt like an anchor. He waited as I took deep breaths.
After my third, he knocked my chin upward with a soft nudge and made me meet his dark
eyes. I had never seen him so grave. “What did you see just now?” 

“I didn’t,” I admitted, fighting the urge to clutch at my elbows and huddle into a protective
ball. I could feel Fíli's eyes on us now, on me. The last thing I wanted was for him to see me
crumple. “I felt it.”

“Felt what?”

“Pain.” 

For that was what unnerved me more than my loss of time, of sense. I had been dreaming, or
having a vision and yet I had felt pain. Not self-inflicted violence, but from an outward
source. Was there such things as dreams that could injure? Visions that could maim? 



Disturbed, he pulled me into his side, one arm around my shoulders, the other reaching over
to clutch at my right elbow. It was as if he had read my mind, and secured me in his grip
much in the same fashion I had been wanting to contort into. In the cradle of his arms, I felt
safe, held secure against my fracturing psyche. He smelt of horse and leather, of fire smoke
and metal. He cooed and shushed me as if I were a babe who had woken squalling in the
middle of the night. Even with his brother's eyes on us, I wasn't about to part from the
comfort Kíli offered. Not when I knew it came from an honest place in his kind heart. He
didn't think me weak, at least I didn't feel as though he did, and the reality of being fragile in
front of Kíli didn't feel as monumental as I anticipated it would if his brother were in his
place. 

“You’re safe,” Kíli told me. “You’re here, with us. We’ll keep you safe, I promise, Rosie.
There’s nothing to fear.”

It sounded like words his mother had told him to keep the nightmares at bay. I didn’t want to
disagree with him. Didn’t want to admit that whatever it was, it had gripped me and taken me
away from them even while I was in their midst. For all they had known, I had been safely
entombed in slumber. 

Kíli asked what had happened in the dream, but I didn’t want him to know the darkness in my
mind. Even as he assured me the terrors in my mind could do me no real harm, I resisted the
balm his words attempted to bring. 

To relive the experience was to give it weight, reality in the here and now. To let the monsters
in my head out. To shed light into the shadow filled corners that haunted my waking hours
and drew a fluttering pain to my chest. I couldn’t tell him. He couldn’t know the danger I felt
when I closed my eyes to sleep, or the long time it took for sleep to grab me and pull me
under. He couldn’t know that what I had remembered stuck on my skin like smoke smudges
the air. 

He couldn’t know that some memories had teeth, and mine did not allow escape once fangs
pierced flesh. 

 

***

 

There were two male Dwarves talking. It was the rumble of deep voices that jolted me to
sense, out of the dream-stuck delirium of fading to and from deep sleep. 

The room I was in was vast, cavernous and empty. With no warmth, no solace, no sense of
home or belonging to it. The Dwarves themselves were not any of the company, but their
features spoke of familiarity. The elder of the two wore a crown on his head, made of gold
and a dark metal I didn’t know, shaped in a fashion akin to the embroidery on Fíli’s jacket.
With long, greying beards and wisened, creased eyes, I surmised that they were nearer to the
ages of Balin and Oín than Ori and Kíli. 



“Thrain!” 

At the elder’s shout, I startled. In the midst of my observations, they had been speaking in
rapid, hissed Kuzdhul. The name was the only word I could understand, and the only one I
knew. 

Thorin’s father. 

And, judging by the way the two interacted, the shape of their noses and the peak of their
hairline, the other must be his father, King Thror. 

This all helped. As now I knew I was witnessing a moment of the past, not present or future.
Yet the only thing that gave pause, it was as if I were witnessing this through a dirty window
pane. The figures were blurred, distorted in the way raindrops disturb the silhouette of
flowers. 

Thror pointed to the throne behind them both, a feature I had missed. Sitting high above the
chair was a gleaming white light. A stone was cradled in pride of place at the crest of the
carvings. His brandished finger jabbed toward the stone two, three times while Thror spoke.
All the while his son pausing his lips and shaking his head. It was clear they were arguing
and perhaps had been for some time. 

When Thror was finished Thrain spat something out in a deep growl and beat his chest with
his fist. His dark eyes were aflame, the anger he felt thickening the air to palpable bitterness.
Even through the passage of time, and the magic that granted these visions to me, I could feel
his anger. He shook his head, swiping at the air widthways across his chest with an open
hand when his father began to talk over him. 

From the melee of words I heard: “Jalâdishi ‘ala!” 

The words meant nothing to me, but the force with which they were spoken felt like dry heat
on a parched day.  As they continued to argue, their figures distorted. At first I thought my
eyes were welling, but no tears were to be found when I swiped my eyes. Instead, the room
around me wavered, colours mixing and textures overlapping until the Dwarves were gone.
Instead, the splendour of the hall had become ruined with dust, grime and broken columns.
Debris littered the ground, a chill ran through the air and it smelt of age. Like old books and
forgotten food, like cobwebbed clothes and dry feet. Below, in the grand cavern the throne
room stood within, something moved. Long, dark, serpentine in its movements: dragon. 

 

***

 

Napping while we stopped had been a mistake. The feeling didn’t go away, and had left a
dream vision instead of wakefulness. There wasn’t time to think on the words, the Dwarves
who I had seen and heard, because Thorin roused all the dozing Dwarves and ordered that we
make headway before nightfall. I walked as if still ensnared in the dreamscape that had



captured my senses. Limbs heavy as if laden with sodden clothes, head doozy in murky
thoughts, I followed the troop to mount once more. Not even Berry’s gentle nuzzle against
my face was enough to rouse me from this waking slumber. 

The creak of leather beneath my hands drew a wince as the sound echoed that of the leather
gloves worn by the one I’d seen. Who were they? My captors? Sense told me that yes, they
were most likely the ones who had held me and been the cause of the rope inflicted bruises
around my wrists, but I didn’t want to admit to myself that it had happened. That I had been
prisoner, held against my will by beings I did not know the intention of. 

“I have plans for this one,” the woman’s voice curled around my mind like smoke vapour
clung to cloth. Saturating it with the intent in her tone, intent I could not decipher, or even
begin to comprehend. 

She had sounded so…pleased, as if gaining an achievement hard won. 

“You’ve got something big in your future, my dear. Something big and bad, and delectably
bloody.”  

Delectably bloody? Whose blood? My own, or others? 

“What I wouldn’t give to be there, I wager you’ll be breathtaking as you cry then.”

She had taken pleasure in my pain and fear, both present at the time and that which she
imagined would lie in my future. What sort of a monster did that make her? Man, Halfling, or
Beast? Or something more sinister altogether? 

As we trekked on, I fought a shiver as her words repeated themselves over and over,
whispering in my ears as wind rushing my curls. It would do me no good to worry over them,
I knew that logically. Not when there were more pressing matters than the foggy recollection;
for now I was sickeningly sure that it was one, rather than a vision of an event to come or a
dream. My only hope was that other memories were not so dark. 

 

***

 

Our stopping point smelt of damp when we dismounted. The ground was uneven, the woods
nearby bearing low slung branches and old, moss dappled bark. As the rest of the company
set up camp, our Wizard lost to us, chores divided up, I sought out Thorin. No one had
delighted any task to me, so I created my own. 

“Thorin?”

He grunted. “Yes?” 

“I…I know we did not see eye to eye last night—” He scoffed and I ignored him to continue:
“But I’ve had another dream, a vision.” 



I cast a glance back at the company, worried of what I had to tell him, and not wanting to tell
them.

“Oh?” he sounded a fraction more interested, even as his brows remained furrowed in
frustration. “What about?”

I swallowed, nervous at his reaction to what I had to say. “Erebor…and something Thror
called an Arkenstone.”

Thorin tensed at the word, his face setting like stone against a harsh wind. 

“What did you see?” 

“I’m not sure,” I admitted. “At first I thought it was another vision from the past, I saw Thror
talking with your father about the Arkenstone. They were arguing, shouting, your father
looked ready to hit your grandfather.”

Thorin nodded. “That sounds remarkably like them, but what made you doubt the vision?”

“Well, after that it sort of…blurred? I guess would be the correct word. I saw that Erebor was
in a state of disrepair I have not seen before in the last vision of your father. It was dusty,
broken pieces of rubble strewn about the corridors. Then I saw him…the dragon.”

“Was he dead?”

“No.” 

Thorin cursed under his breath in Khuzdul. 

“Do you think they were separate?” He questioned. “A vision of the future, and the past?”

“I—I think the first was a look into the past, but the other was a vision of now. Presently.” 

“How do you know?” 

“This will sound mad, but, it felt present.”

Thorin watched me, his impassive face giving nothing away.

“Do you believe me?”

“I do. You’ve given me no reason to doubt your ability thus far. Thank you for telling me.” 

“You’re welcome.”

I hesitated. 

“What is it, Rosalyn?”

“I know it is not my place, but…may I ask, your plan to retake Erebor, how certain are you of
its success?”



Thorin, for a moment, was surprised but hid it well. 

“What are you asking?”

His penetrative stare could melt stone. 

“I—I am scared.”

“Of what?”

“Your plan is to send Bilbo to find the Arkenstone, why I do not know, but I have come to
understand it is important to young your family. My…visions do not show context so I am
still muddy on the details. However, would it not be more prudent to discuss your plans with
Bilbo now? Surely he would be a more effective thief if he knew about the stone, what it
looks like, its significance?”

Thorin raised his chin a fraction. 

“He will know when I decide the time is right for him to know. I am not happy of your
knowledge of the stone, but—”

“You cannot control my visions.”

“No, I cannot.” 

I accepted his apology, though it wasn’t much of one. 

“Rosalyn?”

“Yes?”

He watched me, but I could not tell what he was feeling. 

“Do you have any recollection of your family? Beyond that which you had in the Shire?”

I hesitated and thought back. 

“The taste of a certain food?” He pressed, almost overeager at my hesitation. “The scent of
your mother’s perfume? Hearing a name called out?”

“No, no, nothing."

He deflated, and excused me from his presence with a halfhearted wave of his hand. I felt as
if I had disappointed him. How, I had no idea. 

 

***

 



The ponies had been tethered in the forest, something I thought was odd. Then Nori
explained it was to provide shelter for them. 

“And so they’re not stolen in the night,” he had added.

“Stolen? People really steal ponies?”

“They do, lass, and more besides, but you don’t need to worry about that.” 

Fíli and Kíli had chosen to settle the ponies so far back into the wood that they couldn’t be
seen from the tree line. A tactic, I wagered, to help hide them. The princes were sat on a
fallen tree when I caught sight of them. 

“Rosie!” Kíli called when he saw me. 

“Hello Kíli,” I answered. “Bombur’s sent me to say that dinner shouldn’t be much longer,
and to bring you this while you wait.”

I handed Fíli the water skin and some bread. 

“Thank you,” he whispered softly. 

“You’re welcome. Here you go, Kíli.”

“Thanks, Rosie.” He took the remaining bread and bit off a large chunk. 

“Where’s Berry?” I asked, looking about for my pony.

“She’s over here, I’ll show you,” Fíli offered. 

“Thank you, I pilfered an apple from Bombur’s stocks, but he caught me red handed and then
handed me this.” I lifted the bag with the remaining apples. 

We had come across a wild growing tree the other day and stopped to collect windfall apples,
perfect for the ponies. Nori had commented that in order to keep the ponies from running
away, we had to keep them sweet on us and treats were the perfect incentive. 

Fíli laughed. “So you’re doing the rounds?”

I nodded. “Yep, I’ll start with Berry then make my way around the rest.” 

“I’ll help you, I mean, if you’d like some company that is.” 

“I would love some, thank you. Once they realise I’ve got food, I expect I’ll be mobbed!”

“Well, we can’t have that,” he chuckled. 

 

***



 

Fíli

 

Rosalyn left as gracefully as she came, her bright hair shining like a beacon in the darkness of
the trees. He’d have to talk to her about using her scarf or a kerchief to cover it when they
reached more dangerous land. He knew from experience that his hair was at times a
hindrance and with Rose’s particular features, her hair was another attribute that made her
memorable. He’d have to speak to his uncle about it. He already had his suspicions they
might have been followed from Bree, but he couldn’t be sure. 

Then, Rose turned and offered them both a shy wave. Instantly, Fíli’s own hand came to wave
back, to which she smiled before disappearing from sight. He sighed, the hollow feeling in
his chest beginning to widen once more with her absence. 

Did she feel as he did? Or was he imagining all of this? He couldn’t be. He knew the
symptoms of meeting your One and he was experiencing them right now. What else could
this be? 

Madness? 

Sure felt like it. 

Perhaps she didn’t know what the feelings meant? Maybe he should tell her? Or would that
be too forward? 

“So, when’s the wedding?” Kíli asked as he dropped onto the log beside him, nudging his
brother as he chewed on another mouthful of bread.

“What?” Fíli snapped out of his thoughts to stare at his brother in shock. For a moment he
feared he’d spoken his thoughts aloud. 

Kíli only scoffed. “You and Rosie, we’re not blind you know. Everyone can see it.” 

Fíli avoided his brother’s eyes. 

“See what?”

“Oh, come on! If mother was here she’d be sewing a dress for Rosie to wear down the
aisle!” 

Fíli sighed and rubbed a hand over his beard. 

“Am I being that obvious?” 

His brother snorted. “Put it this way, Nori has a bet going on to see when you finally pluck up
the courage to tell her.” 



“It’s going to come as a shock,” Fíli admitted to himself, hating that the words tasted bitter. 

His brother nodded emphatically, eyes wide, raising the water skin to his lips. 

“No shit.”

“I don’t even know if she knows what a One is for Mahal’s sake!”

Kíli choked on the water he’d been drinking. Fíli had to thump him twice on the back before
his brother could once again regain the ability to speak. 

“One—One? She—she’s your One?” Kíli spluttered, his words strangled, and face red.
“Bloody hell, Fí! We just thought you had a crush on the girl!”

“So you’re going to tell everyone now?” 

“Tell them?” Kíli scoffed again, coughing a few more times as he began to chuckle. “Bugger
that, I’m gonna up my stake in the bet!” 

“What?”

“Well, when you finally marry her and everything, I’ll have made the biggest stake. No one
else thinks this will turn into marriage.” He sighed, eyes drifting into the space ahead of him
as he day dreamed. “Hmm, I wonder what I’ll spend my winnings on?”

Fíli snatched the water skin out of Kíli’s hands and then pushed him backwards off the log.
His brother only cackled like a Dwarfling, his legs poking up in the air, imitating an upturned
beetle as he gasped for breath between chuckles. 

“Oh! Oh! You’ll have to offer Bilbo a bride price!” Kíli chortled. “Can you imagine? The
Hobbit? Giving away Rosie? Oh, I almost forgot the sword ceremony! Ha! He'd have to drag
it up the aisle to you, imagine waiting for that!” 

“I’m glad you find my misery amusing,” Fíli grumbled, taking a swig from the water skin
and wishing it was ale. 

Kíli, between gasping for air, only laughed harder, unable to move for glee. 

 

***

 

Rosalyn

 

Bilbo was fretting. 

“He’s been a long time.”



Bofur, who had taken over dishing supper up, wasn’t as concerned. “Who?”

“Gandalf,” he said it as one expecting the listener to have been paying attention the entire
conversation. Overtired of repeating oneself, and reaching the end of their tether explaining.
It was a disposition I had come to associate with Hobbits, and, during my time in the
company of Dwarves and a Wizard, I had realised how spot on my assumptions had been. 

If any to the others had heard Bilbo, they gave no indication of it. 

“He’s a Wizard, he does as he choses.” Bofur gave Bilbo the two bowls he had been serving
into. “Here, do us a favour, will you? Take these to the lads.” 

Bilbo nodded to himself, and Bofur turned just in time to smack Bombur’s hand as he tried to
grab another serving. “Stop it, you’ve had plenty.” 

“I made the damn thing!” He protested as Bilbo scurried away. 

That was true, but it was also true that Bombur had been ‘taste testing’ the stew the entire
time he had been cooking. It was a wonder he had room left to eat at all. 

“Aye, it’s not a bad stew, Bombur. I’ve had worse,” Glóin praised.

Bombur glowered under the praise, but still tried to sneak another portion. 

“Dori could’ve cooked it,” Nori spoke up, shaking with laughter. 

His elder brother was not amused as the rest of the company burst into laughter.

“Hilarious,” he griped sourly. 

“What’s so funny?” I asked. 

Nori practically giggled. “Dori’s a notoriously bad cook. He once tried to make a pie for our
mother some years back and the pastry didn’t cook, at all!” 

“He didn’t know any better at the time, so he served it to our mother,” Ori interjected,
uncharacteristically excited. “For her birthday!” 

“What did she do?” 

“She tried to eat it, tried bless her,” Nori said, shaking his head fondly. “But eventually she
had to spit it back out, the pastry was so undercooked she would have been very ill had she
eaten it!” 

“I didn’t know any better!” Dori protested. “The filling was already cooked, how was I to
know you had to cook the pastry for so much longer?” 

“It was the thought that counts Dori,” I assured him. “And I’m sure your mother appreciated
it.”



Now Nori did giggle. “On the contrary, she launched into a speech about how he never paid
any attention to her when she was teaching him how to cook.” 

“Oh,” I shrugged, not knowing how to retreat from this awkwardness. “Never mind, then.” 

 

***

 

Omnipresent narrator  

 

While Fíli and Kíli continued their squabbling, a couple of the ponies spooked. The brothers
investigated after calming the beasts and saw a light in the distance. A reddish, comfortable
looking light, the sort that came from torches or a campfire twinkling. The two began
discussing the best way to approach this new development. Kíli wanted to explore right away,
while Fíli was certain they should investigate with caution. They were discussing the pros
and cons of each other’s points when Bilbo came into the clearing with bowls of steaming
stew in hand. 

“Here, I have dinner!” He announced happily, though he was quick to lose his smile when he
saw the expressions on the brothers faces. “What is it?” 

“We’ve spotted a light,” Kíli said, the over eager smile on his lips disturbing Bilbo in a way
he wasn’t sure he could put into words. 

“A light?” Bilbo questioned, wondering if the two had become confused and mistaken the
campfire he’d just left for other travellers. “Are you sure you haven’t gotten turned around?
Is it our camp?”

“No, of course not, it’s over there.” 

They both pointed in the opposite direction to the camp, much to Bilbo’s growing unease.  

“What is it?”

“We don’t know,” Kíli answered, shrugging.

“Could be travellers,” Fíli pondered, eyes keen. 

“Could be bandits.”

“Or a family.”

“Or Orcs,” Kíli muttered with mutinous glee. 



Bilbo startled, and Kíli began to grin, but Fíli was firm when he ordered his brother to stop
scaring the Hobbit. 

Kíli, rather than quipping back with a retort as he would have done, saw the wariness in the
crease between his brother’s eyebrows and kept quiet. While there might not have been
ample of years between the two—at least, by Kíli’s reckoning—the younger knew when the
elder was serious. He also knew the look of a Dwarf readying himself for battle, having
watched his uncle, cousins, and even his brother dress for fighting. 

If Bilbo noticed this odd behaviour, he too, didn’t comment. He did, however, notice the
strain over the air as he stood there with the brothers. A sick feeling began to creep into his
gut. His intuition screaming at him to run and hide and all manner of the sort of behaviour
that suited prey about to be found by a hungry predator. 

When the faint murmur of deep, gravelly voices reached them, the Dwarves were quick to
dart towards a fallen tree, motioning for Bilbo to follow, which he did, careful to not spill any
stew. Dangerous situation or not, to waste food was unconscionable. 

Bilbo poked his head above a dip in the tree. It was just the right height for him to peek over
towards the light the two had spotted. Indeed, he had to concede, that it could not possibly be
their own campfire as it glowed with an amber glint. This was an older fire than the one the
Dwarves had lit a mere hour ago, bigger too. 

“Shall we fetch Thorin?” He asked, mindful to keep his voice low. 

The unknown voices continued in a grumbling sort of way. Bilbo could make out two distinct
accents, but when the speakers all spoke at the same time it became very difficult to make
any one voice out. 

“No,” was the brother’s immediate responses in two very different tones. Kíli sounded
offended Bilbo should think the Dwarf would need his uncle to help with such a situation.
Meanwhile, Fíli’s voice held an air of caution, as if he was not sure whether or not this was
something to bother his uncle for. 

The Hobbit sighed and muttered to himself about the stubbornness of Dwarves. He was sure
at this rate, something had to give and he was clearly the weakest link in the company, so
naturally he assumed the weak link to give would be him. He just wasn’t sure how.
Preferably not in any sort of way that would cause any permanent harm. 

He need not worry, for the brothers had solved this problem for him. 

“We need to get a closer look at what’s over there,” Fíli announced as they all heard the very
distinct sound of someone or something sneezing. 

“Right,” Bilbo agreed, thinking they would ask him to go back and fetch Dwalin or Thoin to
then plan a reconnaissance mission. 

“When you get there, if you get into trouble hoot twice like a barn owl, and once like a brown
owl,” Fíli directed him with a hand on his shoulder as Kíli took the bowls from Bilbo’s



grasp. 

“Wh—What?”

“Twice like a barn owl, once like a brown owl,” Fíli repeated, patting him on the back before
shoving him towards the light. “We won’t be far.” 

Bilbo, quite stunned at the turn of events, stood stock still for a moment, gaping as words
failed him. They wanted him to investigate the strange voices? Surely not! Then, before he
could turn back and explain to them that he could not hoot like any sort of owl any more than
he could fly like a bat, the ponies startled again and their loud shrieking caused the faceless
voices to stop. 

He cast a nervous glance backwards, but the brothers had already disappeared with the bowls
of stew. Leaving one unprepared, miserable, worriedly terrified Hobbit standing in a forest
very far from his familiar armchair.

“Well,” Bilbo muttered to himself, sighing. “What do I do now?”  

Chapter End Notes

Khuzdul translations:

Jalâdishi ‘ala : I hate this!

Hi there, so sorry for the delay! (Again) I've just begun a new job and moved so things
are a bit up in the air right now. We've reached up to where I had fully written out and
fleshed chapters. So, from now on, I don't have prewritten chapters so things might
come slower (I know, right, hard to imagine at the rate I post? Ha!). Also, because my
new job will take up more hours, I have less time to write than I'd like, but never fear
this story will not be abandoned! Also, from now on the events in my story will begin to
merge plot/characters/etc from the both movies and the books (more like the appendices
and extra stuff) and accompanied by some inventions of my own making. I hope you
enjoy them! I'm planning on a wild ride for Rosie and the company.

Also: anyone else secretly love Bombur? He's such a sweetheart and Stephen Hunter did
such a fantastic job for a character whose only line was cut! I squealed writing Bombur
and Rosalyn's little conversation, he's just too cute!

Thank you all so, so much for your wonderful comments, every single one made my
day! Thank you for the kudos, bookmarks, reads and follows, I hope you enjoy where
this story takes us all! Wishing you the best of days!

Thanks for reading!

Take care and stay safe, love x






Chapter 12: Trollshawl
Chapter Summary

Chaos, utter chaos.

Chapter Notes

I AM SO SORRY! I am alive, promise. Went through, and still am going through, a lot
of shit which has completely taken over my life. But I hope you like this little chapter,
more notes at the bottom. Enjoy!

Disclaimer: I own nothing but original character and my original storyline for her. The
Hobbit, LOTR, and other subsequent works belong to the Tolkien estate. All creative
output by Peter Jackson, his interpretation, and movies belong to him and the relevant
parties, including the actors interpretations and their acting choices.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

***

 

Rosalyn

 

A crashing through the brush heralded the arrival of something or someone and the Dwarves
shot to their feet, hands reaching for weapons. Dwalin was readying his axes and Bifur his
boar spear, when Fíli and Kíli burst out of the woods, out of breath and wide eyed. Thorin
shook his head as the others lowered themselves, weapons replaced, and food picked back
up. It seemed the brother’s erratic behaviour wasn’t a cause for concern. Something that
should have surprised me, but I was finding that most instances did that with my present
company. 

As the Dwarves went back to their food, the brothers bowed their heads closer to each other.
They spoke soft enough that the pop of the fire covered their words. There was no other
sound of someone following them, and although I knew Hobbits moved with ease and in near
silence, I worried. 

“Fíli, Kíli, what are you doing back? Has Bilbo taken over your watch?” 



“Erm…no,” Kíli hesitated in admitting. “Not really. Uncle!”

I had not realised he held a full bowl of stew in his hands. As did Fíli. 

Thorin’s head picked up. 

“What is—” 

“Trolls, Uncle!” Fíli cut in, calmer than his brother but I could see tension in the thinness of
his mouth and the way he braced his weight. “At least two of them, maybe three.”

“Where’s Bilbo?” Thorin asked. 

The brothers hesitated, and that was all Thorin needed. He fixed them with a look I knew he
must have fixed them with many times when they were younger. They squirmed beneath his
unblinking eyes, no doubt much the same as they had as Dwarflings. 

“You left a Hobbit, an unarmed, untrained Hobbit with Trolls?” Thorin thundered as he
surged to his feet, his voice deep and rumbling, threatening a good tongue lashing. 

His raised tone roused the rest of the company who lost all signs of hunger when they
registered the distress on the boys faces. 

“What’s occurrin’ lads?” Bofur asked. 

“Up!” Thorin ordered. “Now!”

“Bilbo’s only investigating,” Kíli defended. “Fí told him to hoot if there was trouble.”

Fíli offered no seconding or comment. Meanwhile Thorin sent his youngest nephew a
scathing look. 

“And what makes you think the Hobbit knows how to hoot?”

“He’s a Hobbit.” 

If the moment were of lesser importance, I believe Thorin may have rolled his eyes. Instead,
he took his sword hilt in hand and unsheathed it. 

“Rosalyn, stay here.” 

“Bu—”

“Rose, stay here,” Fíli cut my words off as he repeated his uncle’s order, brusque as the elder
Dwarf. 

I wanted to argue, to refuse, but no one moved to side with me. They all avoided my eyes
when I looked around for support, instead diligently waiting for their orders. My reasoning
would be lost within their want to protect me, I knew. No matter what I said, there would be
resistance, and I suspected the one most opposed to my involvement would be Fíli. The



Dwarf who was staring me down as if to push me back to sitting with his gaze. I hated to
admit to myself that it was working. There was no need to endanger myself too and leave the
camp and our belongings unprotected, but I wanted to help my friend. 

There was a murmur when I rose to find steadier footing instead of returning to my spot by
the fire. 

“Rose.”

Fíli had not moved while everyone else sought to take swords and daggers in hand. He
remained steadfast, staring at me with weight enough I felt it on my chest as I drew breath. 

What resistance could I give when faced with the uncomfortable truth? I would be of no use
to them or Bilbo in a fight, only a hinderance. Yet it did not mean anything in this moment
when all I wanted was to be of more than the role I slowly realised had been assigned to me
within the group. That of the protected one, the meek one, and the vulnerable. 

Our eyes met and held. I didn’t want to be the first to yield but I also knew time was running
short. My nonresponse was all it took. Instead of conceding, Fíli tipped his head to me. Not a
beckoning, nor a wordless demand for retreat, but paired with softer eyes and a grimly set
mouth he looked entreating. Begging. He knew as well as I that time was running short. So I
retook my seat, giving Fíli my full attention as to not allow Thorin the satisfaction of being
the one to receive my obedience. Fíli gave me a shallow nod of what I hoped was thanks
before setting down his bowl and drawing one of his twin swords. 

Nothing else was said when Thorin lead the way into the brush. The company bolted off after
him into the woods, each with fierce, determined expressions and tight grips on their
weapons. Leaving me alone with the fire to tend and our packs to watch over. Torn between
indignation and resigned understanding, I stood once more to pace on the cusp of the camp,
wringing my hands. 

What was I supposed to do now? 

I looked in the direction Gandalf had disappeared towards. 

“If ever there were a time for a Wizard would come in handy, it’s now,” I spoke into the
night, cursing our repeated bad luck. “Where are you Gandalf?” 

 

***

 

Bilbo

 

Being held by a Troll was a novel experience, Bilbo found. Vertigo altering, rib crushing,
anxiety inducing, and not one he was in a hurry to have repeated if he could help it. Nor did



he especially like the approach of his rescuer. 

“Drop him!”

“You what?”

At that precise moment, after what felt like minutes agonising about how to save the ponies
and talk himself into his plot, only to wind up trapped himself, Bilbo also felt like asking the
same question. Yes, Kíli, do tell us all what exactly you mean by, ‘Drop him’? 

For surely there were other approaches to this situation? Safer approaches? Ones that did not
involve being dropped by a Troll, preferably. 

“I said, drop him.”

If there were safer approaches, it seemed Kíli did not think it prudent to suggest any. 

The Trolls grumbled to each other, and for a moment Bilbo thought they really would drop
him in favour of rushing the young Dwarf. Then, heads began to pop out from the
undergrowth. 

“Blasted Dwarves,” Bilbo cursed under his breath, shaking his head. 

For battle seasoned warriors, it appeared they had not yet mastered the art of sneaking up on
the enemy. Their hair, and Bofur’s hat, standing out in the firelight against the darker foliage. 

“Get the sacks! Stick em in the sacks!” One of the trolls screamed. 

The clearing descended into chaos. Fists were thrown and yells were cried, no shadow
untouched by frantic feet or the thrust of a sword. Yet, it was all for nought. As Bilbo
watched, restrained in his own sack and dumped onto the hard ground, Dwarves were found,
captured and trussed like onions picked fresh. No time or reprieve given for them to dry out
in the sun. 

Thorin, Dwalin, Dori and Glòin were the hold outs. 

“Come on, get up!”

Bilbo found himself held a lot again, this time shaken about like a kitten held by the scruff by
an irritated mother. 

“Bilbo!”

The Troll holding him shook him once more, so hard his teeth rattled like loose change in a
tin. 

“Lay down your arms, or we’ll rip his off!” 

It was that ultimatum that decided his, and their, fate. 



The company all looked to Thorin, their leader would become the deciding factor in this
fight. Bilbo watched him, and pleaded, though he wasn’t exactly sure what for. Did he want
Thorin to continue to fight? Or submit to capture now, only to rouse them all into righteous
rebellion and fight their way free later? Saving not only bloodshed, but no doubt resources
too as these Trolls were much bigger than he had imagined a foe they faced would be. 

Thorin watched him in return, the gaze between them indescribable. Too full of emotion to be
put into simple words. Did he see the inevitable end to this as Bilbo did? Or was he
struggling to face the truth? Wrestling with his knowledge as a warrior, his wisdom as an
uncrowned king, and his fears as Bilbo’s…friend? Was that the word? Were they friends?
Was that what it was? The simmering concoction of anger, frustration, exasperation and
growing understanding he held within him for the Dwarf. 

Bilbo hardly had time to consider this when their leader threw down his sword, and the others
followed suit, each as resigned as the last. The Trolls plucked them up with glee and likewise
stuffed them into sacks, their weapons discarded to the side for later examination. A pile of
Dwarves amassing beside the giant fire, the Trolls counted them all while licking their lips,
and set to preparing dinner with gusto. 

“Have we got time to roast ‘em?” One asked the group, examining them with a prodding
finger and began to set aside certain Dwarfs, though what exactly he was selecting them for
or by which process no one but he knew. 

“Before dawn?”

“If we strap ‘em up now, they should be done in time.” 

“If you’re sure.”

“I do prefer roasted over mashed,” the third Troll finally quipped.  

Bilbo tried to convince himself the Troll was talking about potatoes. 

 

***

 

Fíli

 

Fíli sighed. 

The hessian sack itched, and he was lay on a stone that prodded at his gut. One positive to his
current situation was that Rose was not likewise trussed up beside him. He prayed that she
had remained at the camp, but doubt crept upon him with sickening dread. Rose was, if
anything, unpredictable. He could no sooner know her movements that he could know her



visions. He hoped Gandalf had returned before she decided to do something reckless like
save them. 

The trolls argued between themselves about the best way to prepare and cook them all. It
wasn’t the direst of straits he had ever been in, but it came close. As a member of one of the
smallest races to inhabit Middle Earth, it wasn’t as an uncommon happenstance to be
considered food for another. 

“You can’t eat them!” 

Their Hobbit had found his feet. 

“Oh?” The Troll who seemed to be the leader, or at least the one who lacked the most
absentmindedness, turned to eye the little fellow. “I suppose you want us to let you all go? Is
that it?” 

Bilbo, for his part, did not waver in the shadows of the looming Trolls. Fíli felt his respect of
the little fellow grow. Timid at first, he could see that stubborn sensibility Fíli was beginning
to think was characteristic of Hobbits shine through. 

Bilbo Baggins, trussed and stuffed into a dirty sack, unable to walk and forced to hop to
move forward, his head barely reaching the Trolls knee, refused to cower. He did not glower
either, but, much to Fíli’s amazement and amusement, he began to reason with the Trolls. 

“I meant with the er, with the seasoning.” 

“What about the seasoning?” 

“Well, have you smelt them? You’re going to need something stronger than sage before you
plate this lot up.”

“Traitor!” Glóin shouted, trying to break free of his sack to tackle the Hobbit. 

The outburst was ignored. 

“What do you know about cooking Dwarf?” One scoffed, a puff of putrid breath washing
over them all. 

“Shut up,” the first dismissed. “Let the flurgaburburhobbit talk.”

“The secret to cooking Dwarf is um…is er…”

It took Fíli a moment to see where Bilbo was going with his line of questions and answers. It
took his brother longer. Yet, when Thorin kicked his squalling nephew, the protests ceased. 

“I’ve got worms as big as my arms!” Oín announced with wide, panicked eyes. 

The rest joined the clamouring, and Fíli lent his voice to them. Their overlapping words
seemed to confuse the Trolls for a while. Then, the larger one huffed, pointing a finger as
thick as their bodies at Bilbo. 



“What would you have us do, then? Let em all go?” 

“Well…”

“You think I don’t know what you’re up to? This little ferret is taking us for fools.”

“Ferret?” 

“Fools?”

Gandalf appeared on top of the large rock behind the Trolls. 

“The dawn will take you all!” He announced. 

The Trolls turned, disinterested. 

“Who’s that?”

“No idea.”

“Can we eat him too?”

Gandalf struck the boulder and it cracked perfectly in half, showering the clearing in sunlight.
The company was silent for a moment, as if trying to believe what they had just seen was
actually happening, and then they erupted into cheering. 

“Whoohoo!” 

“Ahha!”

Then, from the spit roast over the fire: “Oh, get your foot outta my back!” 

Once the cheering was done, the group began to free themselves with varying degrees of
success. Fíli fought with his bindings, attempting to twist his arms within the tight confines
of the sack to yank at the knot around his throat when hands appeared beneath his chin. 

“Are you all right?”

Struck momentarily dumb, by shock and disbelief, he could only stare at the small fingers
working to loosen the rope by his chin. 

“Fíli?”

The concerned call of his name drew his gaze up to her face. 

“What are you doing here?”

“Helping,” she replied as though her being there was the most regular occurrence in the
world. Far from it if Fíli was to have anything to do with it. 

“When did you get here?”



“Gandalf found his way back to camp and I pointed him in the direction you had all vanished
to.”

Ah, so the Wizard was to blame. 

“He would have missed you all if I’d not pointed out the precarious position some were in on
that roasting spit.”

What was that? She had directed Gandalf, and then corrected him? It sounded less and less
like Fíli could blame the Wizard. 

The knot loosened, the sack gaped and Fíli could free himself. He stood, taking Rosalyn’s
hands in his own to help her to her feet just as his mother taught him. She smiled, but her
mind was somewhere else. She was looking around the Trolls encampment, though Fíli could
not find it within him to look away from her. 

If he needed any evidence she did not recall her upbringing, this moment was proof enough.
Any Dwarf or Dwarrowdam, of any social standing or position of power or none, would have
thanked him for his assistance in rising to her feet. It was an action so ingrained in his
etiquette training that he had come to expect flushing cheeks, fluttering eyelashes and a
demure uttering of thanks. Rose offered none of this. She took his help as fact, not a
privilege. To her, his actions were normal, actions that everyone would do. Kindness was a
matter of fact to her, not societal rules in place to secure alliances or marriages. Despite his
outrage that the Wizard had put Rose in danger by allowing her so close to Trolls, he could
not refuse himself a small moment of calm. 

She would be good for him, he decided. Yes, before this moment he knew their connection as
Ones meant a happy future but now he knew his growing fondness for her would change him
for the better. 

The world wherein those empty gestures were utilised as strategically as chess moves was
crumbling away. Perhaps they could help to herald a new era of kindness for the simple sake
of being kind?

“What is it?”

Rosalyn was squeezing his hands now, face open and patient, wanting to know his thoughts
for no reason other than his sudden quiet he supposed.

Yes, he decided, she would be good for him and in return he would be good for her. He would
make sure of it. Because he could not live with himself if she became reclusive with her
kindness because of his inherited prejudices. 

“Nothing,” he answered. “Only I am happy to see you again, and not to have ended up a
Trolls dinner.” 

She giggled, looking both delighted and disgusted. 



“I hardly think it would have come to that!” She assured him. “You all would have thought of
something. And Bilbo was doing an excellent job at delaying them.” 

Fíli felt his eye twitch, fighting his instincts. 

“Just how long had you been listening?”

“A while.”

Her answer was far too innocent. He remembered telling her to stay put at their camp, and her
reluctant compliance. He distinctly recalled it. Judging by her rouging cheeks, so did she. 

“So you chose not to follow my directions?”

Even with a hessian sack around his ankles, stripped of weapons, and unkempt, he attempted
to look strict. Emulating Thorin’s famous glower he had utilised whenever the brothers had
been up to mischief. 

Which, in Fíli’s defence hadn’t been all that often. Whereas Kíli had been the recipient of it
so often Thorin had given up reprimanding Kíli and called on Dís to discipline him. Kíli had
soon stopped misbehaving but Fíli wasn’t so sure the glower would work on Rosalyn. Not
that it wasn’t effective, it was. Fíli had the look down to the minutest detail. No, it would not
effect Rose because he wasn’t sure he could keep it up while it was she who he glowered at. 

“I did!” She tried to argue, bottom lip taken between her teeth once more. 

Fíli offered a raised eyebrow. 

“But you were gone so long, and then I began hearing noises, then Gandalf came…” she
trailed off as she shrugged before continuing, “it seemed silly to sit by and not help.”

By now, several of the company were free thanks to Gandalf, and watched and listened with
glee. Thorin gave no indication to his thoughts on the matter, and followed along with a
shielded gaze. 

Fíli took a deep breath. 

“While it is admirable that you wanted to help, Rose, that doesn’t change the fact that it was
dangerous.”

“But you all ran off.”

“I know. It wasn’t the best scenario to leave you alone—”

“No, you ran into danger,” she explained her reasoning. “So why can’t I?”

He waited for her to realise the truth of the matter herself while Bifur laughed.

She looked between the chuckling Dwarf and Fíli, dun coloured eyebrows furrowed. 



“What?” 

“Rose, you’re untrained.” 

“I know I am,” she retorted, uncaring or unaware at the clear reasoning behind their actions.
Her hands went to her hips, her posture so similar to that of his mother’s that Fíli felt uneasy.
He had never been much good at withstanding his mother when she took on that stance. “And
whose fault is that? Not mine.”  

Fíli was starting to see how Thorin and Dwalin had felt when he and Kíli began asking for
weapons training far before they were of age. It was yet another matter their uncle had
diverted to Dís to handle. Right now, Fíli reckoned his mother would agree with Rose on this
matter. Truth be told, he did too. 

“You’re right.” 

Rosalyn was surprised and her shoulders relaxed. 

“Oh? I am?”

“You are,” he agreed, ignoring the frowns of several bystanders. 

Fíli was not a Dwarf who agreed with many of the old ways, he’d as much admitted to it
when they were in Bree, not that Rosalyn would understand the significance. 

He kicked aside the sack and walked over to the pile of weapons and clothes the Trolls had
stripped them of. When he stepped around her, he noticed a sudden flush colouring her chest
and neck but didn’t draw attention to it. Any state of undress was far less than he supposed
Roslayn was accustomed to seeing, particularly from a male. Fíli tried to not make a
conscious effort to push his shoulders back to appear broader or to flex his fingers to make
that muscle in his forearm jump. He tried, and he failed. How could he not when Rose’s eyes
darted to his exposed forearm as he reached for his coat? Her open admiration sparked raw
want in him. 

But those urges were best left for later. 

He found one of the many small daggers he owned. It was practical, almost crude compared
to Rose’s beauty, and he resolved to forge her a dagger of her own that could stand up to her
comeliness. How his fingers itched to be back in a forge, letting the world fall away until
only he and his work remained. 

He handed the dagger to her. 

“I’ll teach you,” he promised her, nodding as she took the dagger from him. “You should
know how to defend yourself at the very least.” 

“Fí, do you think that’s wise? Even we started out with wooden swords and we grew up
around weapons!” Kíli had wandered over once he was freed and stared at the dagger with
open concern. 



“It’s fine,” Fíli reassured his brother. 

He watched Rose examine the dagger, pleased to find her smiling and admiring the sharp
edge of the blade and the runes he had carved into the hilt. 

“I don’t know,” Kíli grumbled, lowering his voice. “Uncle won’t be pleased.”

Their uncle was occupied helping those trussed on the giant spit to find their feet. He was
paying little mind to his nephews and the fair-haired Seer. 

“Not to fear, laddie, with all of us the lass will learn in no time!” Nori chose that moment to
appear at Rose’s elbow, gaze probing. 

Bilbo wandered over. “What’s this?”

She offered him the dagger for inspection. 

“Fíli’s going to teach me how to fight,” Rose told him, clearly proud of the fact, and
expecting Bilbo’s reaction to be much the same. 

The result was far from expectations. Fíli had never seen flesh turn that shade of puce as
quick as Bilbo purpled as Rose’s words registered. 

“He is? He isn’t!” 

“Why not? Because I’m a female?”

Bilbo looked constipated, the violent flush of his cheeks doing little to ease the comparison.
Fíli could practically hear his mind frantically trying to work out how to refuse Rosalyn
training without conceding that it was, indeed, because of her gender. Notably, no one else
rushed to his aid. 

“No, it is because…because…”

She took up the defensive stance once again, fisted hands resting on her hips. Fíli watched
how she handled the dagger, and was pleased to see she held the hilt in her palm so the blade
lay harmlessly against the underside of her forearm. Perhaps she was not as untrained as they
all believed her to be? 

“Yes?”

Bilbo looked around for help, but there weren’t many among them willing to upset Rosalyn
by siding with him. There was, however, Thorin. 

“Because you are his ward.”

Rose turned to face the older Dwarf, lips pursed with what Fíli assumed to be frustration. 

“I don’t know what that means.”



Their leader came closer, offering Rosalyn the courtesy of facing her as he spoke. Something
he had always done when telling his nephews off in the past. 

“It means that Mr Baggins’ word is law as far as you are concerned.”

“What! That’s preposterous!”

Thorin’s eyes gleamed, dark and sharp as flint axeheads. 

“Would you rather I took you on as my ward?” He needled, pressing the only advantage Fíli
could  see leading to any peace between the two now. “As the leader of this company, the heir
of Erebor and of Druin’s name it would be my right to claim you for the Longbeards as a
ward of my kin. I need only say so.”

Rosalyn’s head snapped to face Fíli. He knew she had latched on to the word ‘claimed’. 

His uncle was technically, because of Rose’s clear Dwarven heritage and the shortage of
Dwarrowdams within Dwarven kingdoms, well within the law to do so. It would also, not
that Fíli, his uncle or any of them agree, be within Thorin’s right as Rose’s ward to betroth
her to either Fíli or Kíli. A leftover from the last war, last minute and unvoiced, unannounced
betrothals weren’t uncommon. It was usual, some fifty years ago, to be invited to a banquet
only to find it a betrothal announcement or even a wedding ceremony that neither central
participating party knew about. 

Fíli knew his uncle would never do such a thing to him, and he also knew that Rose would
never agree with such an arrangement, nor would he want to manipulate her in such a way.
Yet, he could not stop his traitorous heart from thrumming excitedly at the possible prospect. 

At Thorin’s declaration and Rose’s silence, the company had grown likewise still,
anticipating another row. Fíli held Rose’s gaze and tried to convey his hope that she would
not anger Thorin further. If pushed, Fíli knew Thorin could and would implement his threat,
legally taking her on as his ward. It was something that would only complicate matters.
Having Bilbo as her guardian worked in her favour, and whatever the others said he would
still teach her. He didn’t care. He just needed her to trust him. 

Rose, mute either from anger or self restraint, at last nodded. The group went back to matters
of untying everyone from the spit and redressing. Gandalf, who had been watching from the
edge of the clearing, and likewise watching the conversation, began knocking on the now
stone Trolls. Thorin joined him without another glance at Rosalyn, both dismissing her and
brushing her off for now. 

“And where did you come from, if I may ask?” He inquired of the Wizard who began to give
wise sounding replies. 

With attentions elsewhere, Fíli reached out and took back the dagger she held. She startled a
little when his fingers enclosed around the hilt still held tight in her palm, but soothed when
she registered his proximity. He patted her hand, hoping to offer support no matter how
small, smiling when she looked up at him. 



“It’s still yours,” he assured her quietly and let her watch as he replaced the dagger in one fo
the many hiding places in his clothing. “Whenever you need it.” 

She let out a little giggle, light and giddy. 

“Dolzekh menu.” 

The smile they shared felt like a secret, and Fíli was glad his brother did not know all of his
secrets just yet. Some were still his to cherish. 

 

***

 

Rosalyn  

 

Seeing red was a phrase I had heard from Daisy. She had been talking about a time when her
mother had found Daisy had opened the tin of mince pies the day before Yule and between
her and Dinodas they had finished all but two of the treats. 

According to her, they had believed the second tin to contain more and were going to swap it
for the original before she could find out. They had forgotten, Hilda had found the tin and
confronted them. Daisy told me in depth of how Hilda’s face had changed colour, and her
fists had shaken as Dinodas meekly admitted to their planned trickery. Hilda had shown them
the second tin contained a pie. 

It was not a turn of phrase I imagined to experience firsthand, and yet, here I was with a red
fog defending over my eyes. 

Ward of his kin? What did that even mean? I doubted it meant he could order me about like
he was threatening to do. However, the desperate look in Fíli’s eyes made me pause the
furious rant that longed to be spoken into life. Just how awful would my life become if
Thorin were to claim me as his ward? Even imagining it turned my stomach. 

So not a word passed my lips, but I seethed in fury. Even after Fíli’s assertion the dagger
could be mine to use in the future. Thorin ignored me and carried on his way, ordering the
camp to be searched for anything useful, and for the ponies to be rounded up. The company
followed his wishes with haste and little comment. All except Bilbo, who spared me a brief
pat on the shoulder before joining Nori and Fíli. 

The prince of Durin, who was still dressed in his undershirt and long johns, stood watching
me after our conversation came to a natural end. I couldn’t tell if he wanted to say something
else to me, or simply remain staring. While I appreciated his gaze, now was not the time nor
the place. 



Sense hit him a moment later and he jumped as if struck by a stinging wasp. Though he took
his clothes in hand and began to dress, he showed no embarrassment. While I, fighting
between flushing with anger or blushing from embarrassment, looked away. My eyes found
Bofur’s but when he wiggled his eyebrows I had to look away again. 

Nuisances, the whole lot of them, utter nuisances. 

 

***

 

Bilbo was the one who found the Troll-hoard. He said the odour had caught him off guard
and as someone who hadn’t met a Troll before, he’d been first inclined to believe that one of
the Dwarves had…well, passed gas, was the polite way he had phrased it. His comments had
earned many varying protests, and from Ori a bashful declaration to never have done so when
a lady was present. That had caused some lighthearted teasing from the rest. 

Sure enough, through the trees down past where the ponies had been tied up, we soon spotted
the marks of the trolls’ feet in the long grass and mud. We followed the tracks up the gently
sloping hill towards, and just above the rise a big stone door appeared in the cliff face. 

The cave. 

Unfortunately, the great door was locked and even Gandalf could not open it with all his
mutterings and spell castings. 

“Would this be any good?” Bilbo asked when the company were all getting tired and angry
with the task. 

He held a large key, also made of stone and with clear tool marks. It looked out of place in
his small hands, but would undoubtably be suitable mate to the overlarge lock on the door. 

I stayed back, sat upon a fallen tree, quite happy to sit in the cool breeze and listen to the
birds sing as the Dwarves argued. But the sight of the key, and the clamour of disgruntled
voices, made me sigh and wonder just how Bilbo had managed to survive this long without
constant supervision. 

Gandalf was just as frustrated as the Dwarves, but was able to voice his grievances above the
rest. 

“Bilbo Baggins, where did you find that?” Though his question, on paper, was polite his tone
rumbled with depth akin to the growl of thunder. 

“On the floor,” Bilbo replied, looking quite small and unassuming in the wake of the group’s
anger. “Back down at their camp, it must have fallen out of one of the pockets in their
loincloths during the ruckus.” 

“Why on earth didn’t you mention it before?” Dori cried, outraged. 



Gandalf, evidently tired of talking, rolled his eyes, grabbed the key from Bilbo and fitted it
into the keyhole. The stone door swung back with one big push from the Wizard. The air
within rolled out like a soft belch from a monstrous mouth, hot and ripe with a stench
matured far past any natural prime. Thorin led the way inside after Gandalf, with Dwalin,
Glóin, Bofur and Nori following them. 

The rest spread out, talking, packing, and keeping themselves busy in some way or another.
Feet from the entrance, Kíli stood with Bifur, who had found a pile of things just by the
entrance of the Troll-hoard. Presently, he was shifting through it and handing Kíli things now
and again. Kíli just stood there, seeming to not really understand what Bifur wanted as the
Dwarf hadn’t actually spoken or signed to him, just ushered him over feverishly and began to
hand him items at random. Including a ram’s skull for some reason and when Kíli went to
place it back onto the floor with another pile, Bifur had shook his head and grumbled in
Khuzdul before picking it back up and once again placing it in Kíli’s arms.

Eventually, he took the skull and broke off the two horns, pocketing them before chucking
the skull back into the pile. Kíli merely looked on, unknowing of Bofur’s goal, but unwilling
to say anything to him of the contrary. 

It made for amusing entertainment to pass the time. 

 

***

 

“What was it like?” I asked Nori once they had all reemerged. 

Other than dustier they seemed unaffected by the excursion. 

“Oh, uninteresting,” he replied, shrugging. “Typical cave, if you ask me. Apart from the
abundance of gold, mind you.”

“Gold?” 

“Oh, aye.” He nodded. “There was a good deal of gold jumbled carelessly on shelves and on
the ground, among an untidy litter of plunder, of all sorts from brass buttons to pots full of
gold coins standing in the corner. And several swords of various makes, shapes, and sizes.” 

For the matter of fact way he spoke, I had to wonder what amount of gold would cause an
appreciative reaction. 

I saw that Gandalf and Thorin had each taken a sword from the cave, while Gandalf held a
smaller blade in a leather sheath. He handed it to Bilbo. 

“Bilbo! Here, this is about your size.”

It would have made only a tiny pocket-knife for a Troll, but it was a good as a short sword for
a Hobbit.  



“I can’t take this.”

“The blade is of elvish make which means it will glow blue when orcs or goblins are
nearby.” 

“I have never used a sword in my life.” 

“And I hope you never have to, but if you do, remember this: true courage is about knowing
not when to take a life but when to spare one.”

He drew back from Bilbo, standing tall and hummed to himself as he pulled the sword he still
held up to the light. 

“These look like good blades,” he observed, half drawing the sword and examining the tang
curiously. “They were not made by any Troll, nor by any smith among Men in these parts and
days; but when we read the runes on them, we shall know more about them.” 

Balin nodded. 

“We can use them to teach you runes, Rosalyn,” he said. 

“We can?”

Gandalf agreed. “Perhaps you already know some and these will jog your memory. It would
be my hour to teach you.”

I fought the urge to pinch my nose, knowing it might be taken as a slight against Gandalf’s
generous offer. The stench coming from the cave was beginning to sour my stomach. 

“I would love that, thank you.” 

Dwalin handed Fíli two daggers. More to add to his collection. He looked happy at the
additions, but spared me a quick glance before wrinkling his own nose. 

“Lets get away from this horrible smell!” He cried. 

So the company was spilt as some were sent back into the cave and carried out pots of food
that was untouched and looked fit to eat, and also one barrel of ale which was still full. Some
were in two minds about taking the food, given where it had been found, but no one wanted
to argue with Thorin when he set his wordless, dark glare upon us. 

While ferrying ourselves and the goods back to camp, it was agreed that everyone’s appetites
were greatly depleted by the near miss of almost becoming supper themselves. Though Ori
meekly asked me if he could have a mint when he saw me slip one from the bag for myself. I
shared with a smile, telling him he could have as many as he wanted. 

“Oh, no, I couldn’t! Those are yours, and besides, we still have not figured out who gave
them to you.” 



He was right, though after tonights events my consternation over the gifts was now trivial and
childish in comparison. There were more pressing matters at hand. 

I looked across the camp, taking in everyone’s haggard appearances. No one had been
unaffected by the event, and it looked like that quick refusal of hunger was beginning to wear
thin as eager eyes took in the cask of ale and box of cheese with fresh eyes far away from the
makeshift spit. 

I caught Fíli’s gaze over the rekindled fire. He was watching me, and I saw his eyes flicker
down to the sweet bag as I retied the twine and replaced it into my pocket. When his eyes
moved back to my face, he smiled. I returned it, unthinking, a reactive reaction. Then, he
winked at me, smile crooking sharply at the corner of his mouth. 

Was…?

My thoughts must have shown on my face because he chuckled to himself before turning
back to Bifur who was showing him some of the things he had collected from outside the
Trolls cave. 

Fíli, of course. It made sense. His innocent questions about the bags, his easy acceptance of
them, and quick bating away of my questions. It also explained Kíli’s glee over the matter. 

I continued to watch him, waiting for his eyes to return to me and sure enough a few breaths
later they did. As we watched each other, I popped the second mint I held into my mouth and
sent my own wink at him. I enjoyed his chuckle more than the mint.

By the time everyone had all come back to the camp with the ponies freely tethered closer to
us at the tree line, it was unanimously agreed that we were all very hungry. Being so hungry,
we could not turn our noses up at what had been retrieved from the Trolls’ larder. Our own
provisions, even I knew despite the company’s hiding, were scant. Now, thanks to the Trolls,
we had bread and cheese, a bushel of apples, and plenty of brown ale, and even some bacon
to toast in the embers of the fire. All in all, it made for a fitting meal after almost being eaten,
and the warm food and good drink coaxed many of the Dwarves into attempting to retell the
tale of the battle with the Trolls before sleep won out. 

Though a watchman was appointed and subsequent watchmen elected to relieve him and so
forth before anyone settled down to rest. 

Chapter End Notes

Khuzdul translations:

Dolzekh menu: Thank you.

Hiya, again, sorry! But I hope this sort-of filler chapter is okay and that it didn't
disappoint your expectations. I am working on the book once again, and am actually
enjoying it. For a little while back there I was just writing because I thought I needed to



and so what I was writing was terrible. Queue deleting everything from one chapter and
completely reworking a subplot that was going nowhere.

Anyway, I hope you're all okay and doing well. Remember to drink water and take your
meds if needed.

Take care, and stay safe, love x



Please drop by the Archive and comment to let the creator know if you enjoyed their work!