The Exhibition Of A Low Down Disgusting Good-For-Nothing Mutt: Exclusive Tickets On Sale
Now!!


Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at https://archiveofourown.org/works/59735236.

Rating: Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning: Creator Chose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category: Gen
Fandom: Re:ゼロから始める異世界生活 | Re:Zero Starting Life in Another

World (Anime)
Relationship: Natsuki Subaru & Everyone
Characters: Natsuki Subaru, Emilia (Re:Zero), Beatrice (Re:Zero), Otto Suwen,

Garfiel Tinsel, Roswaal L Mathers, Ram (Re:Zero), Wilhelm van Astrea,
Crusch Karsten, Felix Argyle | Ferris, Felt (Re:Zero), Reinhard van
Astrea, Larkins Hoffman | Chin, Anastasia Hoshin, Mimi Pearlbaton,
Tivey Pearlbaton, Hetaro Pearlbaton, Ricardo Welkin, Julius Juukulius |
Julius Euclius, Rem (Re:Zero), Rom | Valga Cromwell, Frederica
Baumann

Additional Tags: Reaction, Reveal, Angst and Hurt/Comfort, Fluff, just a little bit but. it’s
there, WHDAAA-inspired, Canon-Typical Violence, THAT WAS NOT
THE INTENDED ASSOCIATION OF THE GLASS JAR NOOOOO,
ITS SUPPOSED TO BE ASSOCIATED WITH CATCHING
FIREFLIES, AND PINNING BUTTERFLIES BEHIND GLASS, NOT
THAAAAT, Canon-Typical Depictions of Possible Incest, I guess????

Language: English
Series: Part 1 of Now That’s What I Call A Dogshow
Stats: Published: 2024-10-14
Updated: 2026-01-01
Words: 508,611
Chapters:

19/?



The Exhibition Of A Low Down Disgusting Good-For-Nothing
Mutt: Exclusive Tickets On Sale Now!!

by SakuraMilkToast

Summary

The world blinks, and four of the five Lugunican Royal Candidates — alongside a handful of
their closest attendants — are spirited to a room outside of time and space. There is an odd
meteor front and center, and a glass jar to their left that has locked one of their dear comrades
just out of arm’s reach.

A demonstration focused on the Unsung Hero, Natsuki Subaru, begins — and the meteor
comes to life.

(The cast of Re:Zero reacts to the events of Arcs 1-4. It doesn’t go very well.)

NOW FINISHED: Arc 1 (LN 1), Arc 2 (LN 2, 3)

SIDE STORIES:

Arc 1 (1): [The Awkward Duo]

Arc 1 (4): [Librarian Beatrice’s Log Restart] [Rem and Subaru Meet]

Arc 2 (2): [Natsuki Subaru’s Splendid Steward Life] [Emilia’s Starry Sky Classroom]

Arc 2 (3): [Ram and the Night Study Group] [Rem’s Latte Art]

Arc 2 (7, 8, 13): [The World Petra Saw]

Arc 2 (10, 11, 12): [???]

SS 1 (1): [Emilia’s First Date] [Withdrawal Symptoms (OD1)] [Mayonnaise Scramble
(OD1)] [The Loving World Petra Saw]

Notes
See the end of the work for notes

Inspired by Theater Of Despair (Old WHDAAA) :) by Reactionist



Chapter 1: Prologue: Unsung Hero

When Emilia opened her eyes, she wasn’t in the dragon carriage anymore.

 

She didn’t know where she was, exactly. She was — indoors? There were walls encircling
her, and a roof over her head — and rows and rows of cushioned seats, curving in a crescent
shape around what looked like…a giant, black, flat oblong shape. She stared at it in
confusion before snapping out of it enough to continue being confused about everything else.

 

Where had she—? Right, she had been in the dragon carriage, on the way to Priestella. She
had been in that carriage with Subaru and Beatrice, Subaru having been banned from the
driver’s seat after he almost launched them all off a cliff. Otto had been leading Patrasche in
his stead, and Garfiel had been running alongside them as a guard. Then she had — all she
had done was blink, she was pretty sure, so —

 

“Emilia!”

 

Emilia turned around to see Otto rushing towards her, skipping slightly down the incline
before stumbling to a stop. “Whe— Where are we?” he spluttered. “Weren’t we just—”

 

“The dragon carriage, right!” Emilia turned to see Garfiel bounding towards them, only
managing to skid to a stop at the last second. “I swear, my amazing self just blinked, and—”

 

“Where’s Betty’s contractor, I suppose?!” Beatrice’s voice cried. Emilia turned to see her
frantically searching around the aisles. “Subaru? Subaru?!”

 

“Beatrice, we’re over here!” Emilia called out. Beatrice spun around. “Subaru— I think
Subaru’s still in the dragon carriage.” If he wasn’t here, then he had to be there, right? She
hoped he was there. As much as she would have found his presence comforting, Emilia didn’t
want him trapped in here with them if it was an option. “Do you know where we are?”

 



“Not a clue, in fact! And I don’t like— Where is Subaru? I want to get back to Subaru right
now, in fact!”

 

“Emilia-sama?”

 

Emilia stopped. What— but that couldn’t be! She had been miles away, how could they
suddenly be in the same—

 

“Ram?” It was Otto who turned around first, eyes wide. “Aren’t you supposed to be back at
the manor?” he said.

 

“Aren’t you lot supposed to be several miles away from me by now?” she retorted, hands on
hips. “I don’t see how this is anywhere near Priestella.”

 

”Indeed,” Frederica said, looking much more outwardly worried than her coworker. Her arms
were folded across her chest. “Lady Emilia, do you know…?”

 

Emilia reluctantly shook her head. “No,” she admitted. “I’m afraid I really don’t.”

 

“Well this is certainly exciiting…”

 

Otto scowled. “Oh, not YOU.”

 

“What a cruel way to speak to the sponsor of your Caamp,” Roswaal said in his sing-song
voice. He didn’t look particularly concerned by their predicament. Emilia wasn’t sure if that
was a good thing or not. “This is quite the demonstration of yin magic, to transport all of us
here at ooonce…”

 

“Have you seen this before, then, Roswaal-sama?”

 



“W-Wilhelm-san?” Emilia exclaimed, turning on her heel. Was it not even restricted to —
what was going on here?

 

“Emilia-sama.” Sure enough, that was the Sword Demon himself stalking towards them,
wariness emanating from every inch of his form. He had stopped shortly to bow to her as he
approached, tense as a tripwire, before turning his attention back to the Margrave and
clearing the rest of the distance. “Have you seen this before, then?” he asked. He looked
much calmer than Emilia felt.

 

“Not exaaactly…” Roswaal denied, eyes glinting. “But I assume it’s not all that different than
Betty’s old library, iiiiis it?”

 

Beatrice wasn’t paying attention enough to confirm or deny this, still searching frantically for
her dear contractor. Just in case he wasn’t back in the carriage like Emilia had assumed. Like
she hoped.

 

“Cruschie!”

 

That exclamation, full of elation and deep-seated relief, drew everyone’s attention to a scene
nearby, where none other than Ferris had joyfully leapt to embrace his Lady tight. “Nyer
here!” he cried. “Nyer here, I thought I was all alone!”

 

“F-Ferris?” Crusch stammered, both surprised and a little scared at the sheer intensity of
emotion with which she was faced. She shook her head. “Ferris, it’s alright, it’s alright. We’ll
figure out a way out of here—”

 

“Crusch, you’re here too?” Emilia called. Crusch looked up, relief dawning across her face as
she saw the group scrambling down to greet her, Wilhelm at the front. “Where are we?” she
asked. “Do you know what this place is? Why are we here all of a sudden?”

 

“I don’t— I was hoping you would be able to tell ME that, actually…”

 



“Big Sis!”

 

“Emilia-sama!”

 

“Felt? Reinhard?!” Them too?! What on Earth could be going on?

 

Wilhelm shifted awkwardly at the sight of his estranged grandson, backing away as he
approached, movements jerky and static. Reinhard looked slightly hurt, but unsurprised.
“You got sent here, too?” Felt asked. “What’s going on? Where are we?”

 

“Trying to figure that out ourselves,” Crusch sighed.

 

“Felt!” Emilia turned to see a boy she had never met before in her life, watching as a look of
relief dawned across his face. This — “guest list,” she supposed, as Subaru would put it —
was getting bigger and bigger, wasn’t it? “Felt,” he cried. “Is that you??”

 

“Rachins!” Felt called back. “Rachins, get over here! We’ve got to stick together! Where are
Gaston and Camberley?”

 

“I can’t find them— What IS this—”

 

”Felt!” a thunderous voice interrupted. “Felt, what is— are you alright?”

 

”Old Man Rom?” Emilia called out, her eyes wide. “Is that you? It’s been so long! How are
— Oh, but now can’t be the right time for that sort of thing…”



“I’m afraid not,” Old Man Rom grunted, thought the sight of his beloved granddaughter
appeared to have calmed him significantly. “But it is nice to see you again, too, little lady…”

 

(Wilhelm frowned. That man looked somewhat familiar, come to think of it…



 

But Lady Emilia had been more than correct: now was simply not the time.)

 

“Oi! What’s going on?!” Emilia stopped, feeling slightly overwhelmed. Him, too— was it all
the factions of the Royal Candidates, maybe? Was this some sort of plot involving the Royal
Selection? “Crusch-sama, Emilia-sama, is that you?!”

 

“Ricardo?!” Ferris responded, bewildered. “What is this?!”

 

“Hey, the other Camps are here, too! —Garf, is that you?!”

 

“Mimi?!”

 

“All of you are here too, then?” Anastasia clarified, looking utterly bewildered as she
approached them alongside her daughter figure. She looked unusually frazzled —
understandable, given the circumstances. Emilia supposed it only made sense for her to be
here alongside her attendants — even if her attendants being here made no sense, in the first
place.

 

“We didn’t exactly expect to see you before we got to Priestella,” she tried to laugh, like she
knew Subaru would in such a tense situation. She missed Subaru. She hoped he was safe.
“Was it getting too boring to wait for us there? I’m really sorry we were taking so long, if
that’s the case—”

 

Felt’s head snapped up. “Wait — Big Sis, you were—?”

 

“Priestella?” Crusch echoed. “You were going there, too, Emilia-sama?”

 

Felt whipped back around. “ You—?? ”

 



“Yes, yes,” Anastasia waved off the coming bout of exclamations impatiently. “This was
gonna be a surprise, but all three of yer camps were invited to Priestella at the same time.
Thought it could make for a fun check-in to see how everyone’s doing, a year into the
selection. …Was gonna invite Priscilla too, but that girl’s a loose canon…couldn’t for the life
of me figure out what she might like as a gift…”

 

Emilia looked past her shoulder to the front of the room. “Julius?” she called.

 

“What an odd meteor,” Julius was muttering, entirely distracted. “It looks a bit like our
communication mirrors, but it’s so big…”

 

“How did we even get here?” Felt demanded. “I could’ve sworn we were just—”

 

“We didn’t do anything!” Crusch agreed. “I really don’t see how—”

 

“Mimi was just— er, Mimi definitely wasn’t sneaking some biscuits—”

 

“Onee-chan, please, those were for—”

 

“Emilia-sama!” Julius called, having finally turned around to see the other camps. “Ferris,
Reinhard— Did all of you get sent here, too? What is this place?”

 

“That’s what we’re trying to figure out!” Ferris snapped, understandably but unfairly.

 

And then—

 

“…Who are you people?”

 



Everyone stopped, silence filling the room. As one, all present turned around in tandem at the
unfamiliar voice, one that not a single person there recognized.

 

Before them stood what looked like a near carbon-copy of Roswaal’s senior maid: equal in
height, in shape, even in the style of her hair. The only difference was that her bangs were
swept the opposite way, her hair and eyes were shades of blue instead of shades of red, and
instead of a maid uniform she was clad only in a soft nightgown, as if she had just woken up
from a long slumber.

 

Emilia’s mind froze. It couldn’t be—

 

“Holy shit,” Garfiel managed.

 

“R…” Frederica whispered, eyes wide with wonder so immense she completely forgot to
scold her little brother. “R… Rem?!”

 

Everyone burst into chatter, voices both intense and hushed in equal measure as they stared at
the awakened Sleeping Beauty. Not a single person there understood who she was as an
individual, but everyone understood what her being there might mean for — the victims of
Gluttony, the workings of the Witch Cult, the nature of this strange environment — and most
of all, what she meant for —

 

“Od Laguna, is that—”

 

“That’s the sleeping girl Mister’s been so worked up about, isn’t it?!”

 

“How on Earth did she—”

 

“Subaru’s gonna— Where is he, he’s gotta see—!”

 



“Rem?” the blue-haired girl echoed, taking a step back. “Who is that? Where am I? What’s
going on?”

 

“Rem, that’s— that’s you!” Emilia was the one to step forward first. “You’re awake!” she
exclaimed. “You’re—”

 

“You’re finally awake!” Ram cried out with uncharacteristic joy and amazement, just barely
stopped from rushing over by the wary look on her little sister’s face. “You’re finally— but
how?”

 

“Yeah, how?!” Ferris snapped, looking surprisingly angry at this development. “How did you
recover before, before—”

 

“Felix,” Wilhelm warned gently, setting a hand on his shoulder. The healer shut his mouth,
letting himself be pulled aside.

 

“Who are you people?” Rem demanded, a little more agitated than before. “Answer me!”

 

[WITH ALL PRESENT, THE DEMONSTRATION SHALL NOW COMMENCE.]

 

Everyone jumped. Garfiel swore loudly. “The Hell was that?!”

 

“Please try not to use language like that in front of our political opponents!” Otto cried.

 

[THE FOCUS OF THIS DEMONSTRATION: NATSUKI SUBARU.]

 

A harsh spotlight came on with a sound like a thunderclap, making everyone jump. It was
focused a little to the left of the audience. The sheer brightness drew everyone’s eyes just as
much as it forced them shut, adjusting agonizingly slowly as they attempted to make out what
it was exactly that was being illuminated.



 

A glass jar — oversized. A cork in the top, sealing it shut. A dark figure huddled inside,
covering its face from the onslaught of light that was no doubt much, much worse for the
target than the onlookers nearby.

 

And as their eyes adjusted, it became clear that the figure isolated within that glass jar was—

 

“Subaru!” Beatrice cried, rushing forwards.

 

“Beako!” Subaru caught sight of her through the clear walls of his cage, rushing towards her
and pushing against the glass in a desperate to reach her. “W-Wha—?”

 

“Subaru, Subaru!” Beatrice banged her fists against the clear surface. It didn’t budge. “Why
is Subaru in there, I suppose? Let him out!”

 

“Be— Beako, it’s okay, it’s okay! It’s gonna be alright! Do you know where we are?”

 

“I don’t— None of us do! Subaru!”

 

“None of— Emilia!” Subaru suddenly saw the other figures, rushing towards the trap behind
Beatrice. “Emilia, where are we? What’s going on?”

 

“Don’t worry, Subaru, it’s alright!” Emilia babbled. “We’ll get you out, we’ll get you out of
there soon—”

 

“Ow!” Garfiel’s fist bounced right off the glass. He hissed, cradling it to his chest. The wall
remained clear and spotless. “What is this thing—?!”

 

“I can’t summon my spirits!” Julius realized, alarmed. “Subaru, are you—”



 

“I’m fine, you annoying prick! Nice to see you here, too!”

 

“Why isn’t any of my magic working?!” Emilia cried, trying and failing to freeze the glass.

 

“Where’s my sword?!” Ricardo shouted. “Did it really not—?!”

 

“Something tells me it wouldn’t be of much use anyway—”

 

“Subaru-dono, just hang in there—”

 

“Who the hell is that?!”

 

“R— Rem?!” Subaru had finally caught sight of the awoken sleeping beauty. His eyes filled
with wonder and delight. “Rem! Rem—”

 

“Who the hell are you?!” Rem snapped again, backing away. “Why do you smell like that?!”

 

Subaru jerked away from the glass as though it had burned him.

 

“Don’t talk to him like that!” Beatrice shouted, enraged. “Subaru’s tried so hard to wake you
up, I suppose — don’t talk to him like he’s some — filth!”

 

“Who— I didn’t ask him to do anything!” Rem retorted. “Whoever he is, that boy is
dangerous! I don’t know who all of you think that is, but—”

 

“Ah,” Subaru exhaled quietly, looking like he was trying really hard not to seem as
devastated as he was. “So that’s how it is.”



 

[NATSUKI SUBARU: UNSUNG HERO OF LUGUNICA. UNRECOGNIZED.
INJUSTICE. MUST BE CORRECTED.]

 

“H-Huh?!” Subaru squawked, looking like a deer in the headlights.

 

Ram coughed. “Unsung hero??” she repeated.

 

“Have you nyot been paying attention to — to ANYTHING over the past year???” Ferris
spluttered. “Subaru-kyun’s gotten so much praise we’re all practically sick of it!”

 

“That’s a little mean,” Crusch warned Ferris. Ferris pouted. “…But I do agree with the spirit
of what my knight is saying. There are many words that could be used to describe Subaru’s
exploits, many of them positive, but I don’t think ‘unsung’ is one of them.”

 

“I can attest,” Julius said. “Subaru’s likeness has had a number of appearances in the fiction
section of the Lugunican papers. He’s become a very beloved public figure, over a very short
span of time.”

 

Subaru squawked. “WHAT?!”

 

“Subaru-dono certainly deserves all of the praise that he has been given!” Wilhelm
announced, glancing sternly in Ferris’ direction. “But…I don’t believe that it has been quite
so little as to warrant being described as an injustice.”

 

Old Man Rom folded his arms, and Felt snorted. “Big Bro, if this was your attempt to get
some attention—”

 

“It’s not, it’s not!” Subaru flailed his arms frantically, his face bright red. “I don’t know
what’s going on! I’m perfectly satisfied with — with everything I’ve been given over the past
year! More than satisfied, even! I don’t—”



 

Everyone could tell that he was telling the truth just from that reaction, but when Crusch did
not speak up to refute his claim, the matter was as good as settled.

 

“It’s true that Subaru has accomplished some astounding feats over the past year,” Reinhard
said, trying to pacify their captor. “If you believe that he has not received enough, perhaps we
can reach an arrangement—”

 

[INJUSTICE,] the voice repeated. [MUST BE CORRECTED. THIS
DEMONSTRATION SHALL CORRECT THIS INJUSTICE, ONCE AND FOR ALL.]

 

“This is such a load of nonsense!”

 

Everyone turned to see Rem, bristling as she glared at the “unsung hero” with open hostility.

 

“All of this has to be just — absolute crap!” she spat, practically shaking as she cried out her
warning. “That— that THING is not a hero! That’s a monster! That’s DANGEROUS! You
don’t— You don’t know what that is!”

 

“Dangerous— Subaru?” Julius frowned, remembering a stupid young man who threw a
tantrum in the throne room because people were being mean to his crush, accepted a
challenge from one of the most powerful knights in the kingdom, and sulked around the
Karsten Manor for three days after he lost like a scolded puppy. It had been a pathetic display,
but— “Rem-san, I can assure you: although Subaru is…unusual, he’s nowhere near
dangerous. On my honor as a knight of Lugunica, I can assure you of that much.”

 

It didn’t matter much that Subaru had gone on to help against the White Whale, the Witch
Cult, and even perhaps the Great Rabbit. As far as his demeanor was concerned, Subaru was
— at his absolute worst — a naive, annoying brat in need of some discipline. To suggest that
someone like that would ever willingly do something as awful as Rem appeared to fear so
badly—

 



“Subaru is a little odd, but he’s a good boy,” Emilia agreed earnestly, a sentiment that was
being echoed by the entirety of her Camp.

 

“Subaru might be — a little strange,” Reinhard admitted. “But he’s a very good person! And
he’s been trying to save you for a year now, too…”

 

“Big Bro’s a freak, but he’s not a war criminal!” Felt agreed.

 

”Certainly not,” Old Man Rom grunted. “He’s just a boy, nothing more…”

 

“Rem, my dear sister —” Ram’s eyes softened slightly as she faced her sister. “It is true that
Barusu is ridiculously suspicious, but I can assure you that he is not dangerous in the
slightest. He’s far too stupid and soft to do anything like what you are thinking he might do:
useless and pathetic, not a demented sociopath. However badly he may stink.”

 

“Thanks, nee-sama…”

 

Rem looked unconvinced, but her attention had been redirected elsewhere. “Sister…?” she
echoed.

 

[THE DEMONSTRATION SHALL BEGIN ONCE ALL ARE SEATED ,] the voice
declared. [THE DEMONSTRATION SHALL CORRECT THE INJUSTICE. WITH
THE INJUSTICE CORRECTED, ALL SHALL BE RIGHTED ONCE AGAIN.]

 

“I really don’t want anything like this!” Subaru squeaked out, face bright red. “Can’t you just
send us back?! I feel plenty recognized, thanks!”

 

“So— that means we can leave after this is over?” Anastasia tried to clarify. “You’ll let us
leave after this — this ‘injustice’ has been corrected?”

 

[THE DEMONSTRATION: NATSUKI SUBARU’S MEMORIES.]



 

Protests from all directions erupted at this declaration.

 

“Wait, WHAT?!” Subaru squawked.

 

“That sounds incredibly violating!” Crusch agreed, eyes wide. “What gives you the right to
— to publicly undress him like that? I refuse to have any part in this!”

 

“We have better things to do with our time than delve into some kid’s memories — or to play
around in this theater at all!” Anastasia agreed disapprovingly. “As much as I may respect
Natsuki-kun, I’m a busy gal. Even if he wanted this — which he clearly doesn’t — I can’t
spare the time or attention for this sort of affair!”

 

“We absolutely do NOT want the memories of a member of our Camp blown up in front of
two rival factions!” Otto squawked, gripping his hair. “What sort of outside interference IS
this—?!”

 

“Betty’s Subaru deserves better treatment than his most private memories being used as
entertainment, in fact!”

 

[THE DOORS WILL REMAIN LOCKED FOR THE DURATION OF THE
DEMONSTRATION.] The voice continued, ignoring all of their protests. [ONCE THE
DEMNSTRATION HAS CONCLUDED, ALL WILL BE RETURNED TO CONTINUE
THEIR LIVES, THE INJUSTICE CORRECTED.]

 

“LISTEN to us, for OD’S SAKE—” Garfiel was roaring.

 

[THE DEMONSTRATION WILL BEGIN IN EARNEST ONCE EVERYONE IS
SEATED.]

 



No matter how much they protested, the voice showed no signs of so much as hearing them
cry out. After a few minutes of desperate calling, it quickly became clear that—

 

[THE DEMONSTRATION WILL BEGIN IN EARNEST ONCE EVERYONE IS
SEATED,] the voice repeated once, and then it said not one word more.

 

“We don’t have a choice,” Crusch realized. “It’s either to watch — this, or…” Remain in this
room forever.

 

“…Well then I guess that’s that, yeah?” Garfiel said uncomfortably.

 

“What?!” Otto squawked. “We can’t just let this— We don’t even know what this thing wants
to show! What if it includes Camp secrets?! It could end up endangering our entire
campaign!”

 

“Doesn’t mean a damn thing if we can’t ever get out of this damn place!” Garfiel retorted.
“We can roll with whatever happens, but we have to be able to get out of here first!”

 

“That doesn’t mean we should just lie down and let something like THIS happen! Isn’t there
any other way to get out of here?!”

 

“Do you see any other ways? I hate this just as much as you do, but would you really rather
be stuck in here? We can’t win the Royal Selection if we stay stuck in this room for the next
three years!”

 

“Sure but— I— AUGH! I really don’t like this! Isn’t there another way out?!”

 

“It’s such a mean thing to do!” Emilia added, protesting for an entirely different reason. “I—
Even if you’re trying to help him, this is just— it’s not right! Subaru doesn’t want this! Why
should we force him to share something he doesn’t want to share?”

 



”It really does sound indecent,” Frederica said with a frown. “I don’t think I want to spy on
the private moments of a teenage boy, if I can avoid it. For a number of reasons.”

 

“Because the only other option is to never leave this room, apparently,” Garfiel replied,
agitated. “I don’t like this either, but — I don’t wanna stay here with him trapped in a cage
just cause — cause I don’t wanna look, right?! …And what if there IS something we still
need to thank him for? We already know Cap’s great and everything, but — if there’s
something we haven’t acknowledged properly, then—”

 

“Wait, wait!” Subaru banged his fist on the glass, looking panicked. “Wait, don’t I get a say
in this?! I don’t want you looking through my memories! Those are private — you can’t look
at them!”

 

“You think I want to do this, Barusu?” Ram shot back, arms crossed. “Watching your
memories of bumbling around as an embarrassment sounds miserable. You may just end up
being the most comfortable person in this room.”

 

Ferris blinked. Then he grinned, his tail curling mischievously by his side. “Well…”

 

“Ferris,” Julius warned.

 

“I mean, watching little Unsung Hero-kyun humiliate himself is a LITTLE fun—”

 

“I wouldn’t say—” Ricardo protested.

 

“Oh come on.” Ferris leaned backwards, catching Ricardo’s eye with a teasy look on his face.
“Nyew’ve mentioned a nyumber of times nyow that nya wish nyew’d seen what Subaru-kyun
was like when he spoke up as Emilia’s unsung hero during the Royal Selection Ceremony.
Aren’t nya looking forward to a chance at that just a little bit?”

 

“What?? ” Subaru squeaked out, face scarlet.



 

“I mean…” Ricardo shifted, but the slight smile on his face did very little to deny it. “I’m
sure it was annoyin’ at the time, but some dumb kid jumpin’ up to defend his crush from half
the kingdom and causin’ a mess sounds really adorable in retrospect.” Subaru made an
indiscernible, high-pitched noise. “Wouldn’t say no ta seein’ it for myself, if that’s gonna be
included in this mess…”

 

Julius coughed into his fist. “That aside,” he said, hiding a smile. “We don’t know if that
memory in particular is what this — place — wants to show us, and even if we did, we don’t
have an infinite amount of time. Subaru’s memories are not our business, and as much as I
may — respect him as a colleague, they are not our priority, either.”

 

“Don’t think time will matter all that much if what that — voice — said is true,” Tivey said
hesitantly. “If we’re going to just end up back when and where we were when this started, we
could probably spend as much time in here as necessary.”

 

“Mimi doesn’t like it here,” Mimi declared, sitting down in Anastasia’s lap. “Let’s just get
this over with so we can all go back to the inn.”

 

Anastasia sighed, but relented with a nod of her head.

 

“I’m really not sure—” Reinhard protested. “If Subaru has memories he doesn’t want us to
see—”

 

“I doubt that moron has done anything worse than throw tantrums when he didn’t get his
way,” Felt said, rolling her eyes. “I’m with them: let’s just get this over with so we can all go
back.”

 

Old Man Rom sighed, and took his seat beside his granddaughter. “Lets just get this over
with,” he agreed, muttering under his breath.

 

Emilia was one of the last to be convinced.



 

“It’s not fair!” she protested desperately. “Subaru didn’t do anything! He doesn’t deserve to
be violated like this! Why should he— Isn’t there something else we can do?!”

 

“Emilia-sama,” Crusch said. “I know that this is a ridiculously unfair situation, but…” she
pressed her lips together. “This seems to be the only way out.”

 

“But—”

 

“I promise you that I will not take advantage of this event,” she added. “You have my word
that your knight will remain free of judgement from my camp, and that nothing we see here
will be used by us to cause him — or you — any harm.”

 

“Mine too,” Felt confirmed. “Big Bro probably did some embarrassing stuff and all, but that’s
nothing unusual. I just want to get out of here.”

 

“Why do we even have to see it, then?” Emilia begged. “We already know that Subaru’s a
good boy! Can’t we just let him be?”

 

“I’d love to,” Anastasia muttered. “But unless ya want yer little unsung hero stuck in a glass
jar forever, this seems like the only way out.”

 

Emilia turned to face Subaru, pitiful and panicked in his glass cell. After a long moment, she
wordlessly took her seat.

 

Subaru was the only one left to be convinced.

 

“W-Wait!” he cried. “Wait, Emi— everyone, is this really necessary?! Isn’t this a breach of
privacy?! What do you mean you’ll be watching— I don’t want this!”

 



“I— I’m sure it’ll be fine,” Emilia tried to say. “It’ll be over before you know it, alright?”

 

“I don’t want to do this!” Subaru protested. “I don’t want this at all! My — my memories are
private, I don’t want you looking at them like there some sort of anime!”

 

“Ani—? I don’t know what that is, but we can’t just—”

 

“There has to be another way out, right?! Can’t we do something else?! There’s got to be a
way out of here that doesn’t involve—”

 

“I really don’t think there is,” Reinhard admitted guiltily, fretfully.

 

“Maybe you just haven’t looked hard enough! Maybe those doors can open— if you push
them hard enough—”

 

“Actually, Reinhard already tried—” Felt started. “Wait, Subaru, that would mean—”

 

“We can’t leave you in there, I suppose!”

 

“No, go ahead, leave me in here! I don’t want you rooting around in my head, what sort of
sick joke is that?! I’ve done so much embarrassing stuff, and I don’t know wha they’re gonna
— whatever it is they wanna show, I don’t want you—!”

 

“Subaru-dono.”

 

Wilhelm’s voice was calm and reasonable. Subaru’s eyes darted up at him.

 

“Every young man has things in their past that they’d rather forget,” the old man said gently.
“Especially involving shameful moments, or past embarrassments, or blunders with women.



None of those are things that any of us would have room to judge you on.”

 

“But—” Subaru was still obviously panicked, for understandable reasons.

 

“Even if you did do something genuinely terrible, at some point in your past —”Wilhelm
shook his head. “Subaru-dono, I am a soldier. I can guarantee that I have done far worse in
my sixty years of life than you ever could in a mere eighteen. And even if I am somehow
proven wrong — we already know the you that exists today. Whatever it is that we see on
that meteor, I promise you that we will not think less of you.”

 

“It’s not like we don’t already know that your ability to conduct yourself properly is flawed,”
Julius added, a teasing smile on his face. “I mean, our first impression of you made that clear
from the start.”

 

“It is insanely violating and I hate everything about this situation,” Crusch sighed. “But if this
is the only way out, then it is the only way out. —And that includes getting YOU out of that
jar.”

 

“I really don’t think anything in yer memories is gonna be all that interesting, Natsuki-kun,”
Anastasia drawled, looking bored and inconvenienced. “We’re a bunch o’ soldiers and
politicians. Even if ya somehow DID do something genuinely terrible at some point, I can
pretty much guarantee that all of us have seen worse. And this thing seems to think yer some
sort of amazing, so they’ll probably only show the stuff that makes you look good, anyway.
This’ll be anywhere from horribly boring to unpleasantly humiliating, but then it’ll be over
and we can all go home. —Or to the inn, at any rate.”

 

”There is no way that there’s anything in that head of yours that I haven’t seen before, and to
much worse degrees,” Rom agreed. “Everything always seems like the end of the world to a
young man, but I can assure you that I have seen everything at this point.”

 

“I’m sure it’ll be plenty entertaining, Unsung Hero-kyun!” Ferris cackled. “…But I doubt
nyew have anything in there that’ll actually freak us out anyway, so. Get ready for me to
tease nya till the end of time, but that’s about it.”

 



Subaru still looked freaked out. “But—”

 

“We PROMISE,” Wilhelm assured him. “Whatever it is we see on that meteor, we will give
you grace.”

 

“B…But…”

 

“Subaru.”

 

It was Emilia who spoke up last. Subaru’s eyes darted towards her.

 

“I know this is a really uncomfortable situation,” she said. “But I think bearing with it will be
best, oh-kay? Let’s get this over with, and then we can go — have fun in Priestella, and forget
all about it. Don’t you want to see the canals Otto told us about? And I heard that they had
this amazing singer we can go listen to— and some really tasty authentic Kararagian cuisine
— and the sooner we get this done, the sooner we can get you out of that jar, all of us out of
this place, and enjoy the rest of our day!””

 

Subaru swallowed.

 

Emilia pressed: “None of us want to hurt you. If anyone tries to use this to do something bad
to you, I’ll protect you, oh-kay? I promise I will.”

 

“As will Betty, in fact,” said Beatrice, who really just wanted Subaru out of his cage as soon
as possible.

 

“You don’t have to worry about anything like that, alright?” Emilia insisted. “We’ll be right
with you. We promise, oh-kay?”

 

After a long moment, Subaru took a deep breath, and exhaled slowly. “Okay then,” he
relented, falling back to sit on his knees. “Let’s…get this over with.”



 

[The screen in the front of the room flickered on.]



Chapter 2: Spoiled Brat (Arc 1, Part 1)
Chapter Summary

The demonstration begins. All things considered, it starts off pretty well.

Chapter Notes

IMPORTANT: I DID actually go back and change the introductory chapter a bit.
Nothing major — the main plot beats are the same — but now their captor’s reasoning
for doing everything is a little more in line with the themes of what I am writing, is all.
I’d recommend giving it a glance before reading this new chapter, if you can, because a
couple references in this one might not make sense otherwise, lol.

…The jar thing was genuinely completely unintentional…nooooo…

Also damn, this took forever. I totally underestimated how difficult writing something
like this woulda actually be. …This is gonna be an interesting exercise.

Also — I’m going more off the LN than I am the anime! Which means there’s…there’s
gonna be an awful lot…

Enjoy!

See the end of the chapter for more notes

[The screen above the audience flickered on.]

 

“…What the hell is that place?” Garfiel asked.

 

“A convenience store,” Subaru said, on edge. “They uh— they were all over the place in my
hometown. Sold basic junk, nothing special…”

 

“Never seen anything like that,” Ricardo commented, frowning. “Where are you from,
exactly?”



 

Rom pressed his lips together. He, too, had never seen anything like that…

 

Not that he’d say that out loud, after his attempted words of comfort from before.

 

“I’m from pretty far away — far enough that I’d be surprised if you did recognize that sort of
thing.”

 

“I don’t recognize any of this stuff,” Julius muttered, watching as the Subaru onscreen paid
with strange coins for his strange commerce before walking out of the odd store into a street
that looked utterly unrecognizable.

 

“That’s what I call a skill issue.” Subaru stuck his tongue out.

 

[“Ah.” The Subaru onscreen winced, moving to rub his eyes with his free hand. “Guess
anyone’s eyes would be blurry after gaming all day…”]

 

[And then when he opened them again, he was in the middle of the Capital of
Lugunica.]

 

“…Uh,” Crusch said.

 

“Yeah,” Subaru shrugged, already feeling uncomfortably scrutinized despite him not having
even done anything yet. “That’s pretty much how that happened.”

 

“What?” Emilia said. “Wha— What just happened?”

 

“I still don’t know. One moment I was home, and then — poof, I was in the Capital.”

 



“Wait—” Anastasia suddenly looked much, much more alert. “Natsuki-kun. Are you from
beyond the Great Waterfall?”

 

Frederica startled. “Eh?!”

 

“Yeah.” Subaru shrugged, as if that revelation was as casual as a quip about the weather. “I
guess that’s what you’d call it here.”

 

Anastasia stared at him, aghast, and then quickly turned her full attention back to the meteor.
It was too late, she had missed her chance to observe where he had just been in any
meaningful detail.  A sizable part of her wanted to swear at the lost opportunity.

 

“Where were ya?” she asked instead. “Before you — ended up in the Capital? What was that
place?”

 

“Told you already, it was just a convenience store.” Somehow, Subaru waved it off as if it
were the most average thing in the world. “They were all over the place back in my
hometown,” he said. “You could go there and get a snack, a drink, some cheap magazines,
that sort of thing. Nothing special.”

 

“Hmm.” Anastasia narrowed her eyes. Cheap foods, drinks, and papers, all in the same easy-
to-access corner store…was that a doable business strategy?

 

Anastasia had fully intended to tune out for the duration of this colossal waste of time, but
Subaru being from beyond the Great Waterfall changed things significantly. It was too late
for her to glimpse directly into his homeland, but if she could look more closely at his
idiosyncrasies — especially a version of him that was fresh out of his hometown, without any
experience in Lugunica to color his behavior and perspective —

 

“Why didn’t you ever tell us you were from beyond the Great Waterfall?” Otto was
demanding.

 



Subaru frowned. “I DID tell you that already, I’m pretty sure.”

 

“I thought you were joking!”

 

“How’s that my fault?!”

 

”You weren’t joking,” Frederica whispered, feeling faint. “You really, genuinely, were
not…!”

 

Garfiel laughed, loud and gleeful. “If it were anyone, it would be Captain!”

 

“I thought traveling from beyond the Great Waterfall would involve more water…” Emilia
said thoughtfully.



“There was a fountain right there, right?” Mimi wondered. “Maybe that’s got something to do
with it?”

 

“I wouldn’t think so,” Julius murmured, frowning. “My guess is that it was likely some form
of yin magic…?”

 

“Yeah, because you’d know so much about traveling between worlds, you prick—”

 

[“This is it! This is my chance!“]

 

In the present moment, Subaru’s face turned scarlet.

 

Julius snorted loudly, quickly moving to cover his mouth with his hand as Subaru’s antics
quickly escalated onscreen. “Sorry,” he apologized. “I just— forgot about that part of what
you are like.”



 

“Shut up,” Subaru muttered.

 

Ferris was making no such effort to hide his mad cackling. “I didn’t forget!” he crowed. “Aw,
this is gonnya be so much fun. I’m nyever letting nya live ANY of this down, Unsung Hero-
kyun—“

 

“Shut uuup—“

 

[I can’t read this, Subaru realized, looking at a sign on a merchant stall.]

 

[“Hey, boy. Those are some weird clothes. Are you traveling?”]

 

“Ah,” Wilhelm startled.

 

Emilia blinked. She had recognized that voice herself, but — “You know him, Wilhelm-san?”

 

“…I do, Lady Emilia,” he said. “Kadomon is the husband of the daughter of…a good friend
of mine. I wasn’t aware that he and Subaru-dono had met.”

 

Emilia smiled. “Kadomon and Subaru are really close, actually,” she said proudly. “They get
along very well!”

 

“That’s a bit of an overstatement, isn’t it, Emilia-tan?” Subaru protested.



[“What’s that?” Kadomon frowned. “You can’t use that money in Lugunica. That
means you’re flat broke, huh?” His face contorted into a snarl. “Get out of here! Don’t
interfere with my business!”]

 



Ferris cackled. “Aww, Subaru-kyun made a friend right off the bat!” he cooed. “Nyew can
tell they’re friends because everyone Subaru-kyun makes friends with has to knyow how to
talk to him properly~”

 

“Oh be quiet, will you?!”



Ferris was having fun teasing him. Many of the more naïve members of the audience were
giggling right alongside him — but Wilhelm had a darker look spreading across his face.

 

Beside him, Rem was sporting a similar expression. “Wilhelm-san, is it?” she said quietly.

 

“That is correct,” Wilhelm said, not unkindly. “How may this old man be of service?”

 

“That boy…” she chewed her lip. “He got dragged into an entirely different world,” she
clarified. “Without his knowledge and against his will. He was left entirely alone on the
streets of a strange city where he did not know the language, with no understanding of the
world around him, no means by which to defend or provide for himself, and with nobody
willing to help a stranger like him out of the goodness of their hearts.”

 

“That…is correct.”

 

Rem didn’t say anything more. She didn’t need to: Wilhelm had already come to the same
conclusion as her — as had most other individuals throughout the theater, if the looks on all
of their faces was any indication. Even Ferris had a subtle air to his movements that hinted at
his teasing being more of an attempt at a distraction from that horrifying revelation than a
genuine source of amusement — though perhaps it was both.

 

(Rem had to remind herself to keep her guard up. It didn’t matter if this boy had been in such
a pitiful situation if he was a threat to those around him — which, all of her instincts were
screaming, he definitely was.)

 

Emilia was not one of those individuals. Neither were Beatrice or Garfiel, both of whom she
was attempting to shush. “It’s reeally not nice to laugh,” she scolded. “Subaru didn’t even



want us watching any of this, so be nice. And we all agreed to not to make fun of him for
anything embarrassing we see here, remember?”

 

“Subaru makes it difficult not to laugh, I suppose,” Betty giggled.

 

“N-Nah,” Garfiel sucked in a breath, his mouth twitching. “Princess’ got a point,” he agreed.
“This is already — kinda private. My amazing self wouldn’t want anyone laughing at my
memories either, no matter how embarrassing. Captain deserves — at least a little grace —“

 

[Everyone watched as onscreen Subaru was gently shoved away from a demihuman-
only bar, somehow tripping over his own two feet and falling over the railing and into
the river of the Capital.]

 

Garfiel burst out laughing all over again. This time Emilia gave up on trying to make him
stop.

 

“Unsung hero,” Ram muttered to herself.

 

[“Is this really how it was supposed to be?” The Subaru onscreen whined to himself,
sitting in an alley, absolutely drenched. “Wasn’t I summoned into a parallel world?!”]



Frederica winced. Now that her initial shock was fading…

 

Subaru appeared to be the same age as her little brother. Logically she knew that he was three
years Garfiel’s senior, and that he would take her thinking anything else as a great insult —
but the resemblance remained whether he liked it or not. And seeing someone Garfiel’s age,
lost and alone in a strange city with no resources or connections or anything else…





Anastasia watched with interest as Subaru rifled through his things, grumbling. “That’s the
meteor you used to find the White Whale, ain’t it?” she pointed out, eyes flashing greedily.
“How did that work if it was from another world? Did ya have a bunch of mabeasts there,
too?”

 



Subaru shifted nervously, embarrassment being taken over by something resembling unease.
“N-Not exactly,” he admitted.

 

“Hmm…” Anastasia watched the caged Subaru for a moment longer before turning back to
the meteor.

 

[“The truth is,” onscreen Subaru was saying, “I have no idea what to do next, and I still
have no idea how or why I was summoned. I don’t remember stepping into a mirror or
falling in a pond —“]

 

“Wait, so.” Julius frowned. Oddly enough, he seemed to be relaxing at the sound of this
statement. “Is this sort of occurrence normal, then? For castaways from beyond the Great
Waterfall.” 

 

“…N-No,” Subaru admitted, his face burning. “I kinda just — i-it was a popular book trope
back home, so…” He hunched in further on himself. “I just assumed things were like that?”

 

“Oh.” Julius looked uncomfortable all over again, perhaps even moreso now than before. “I
see.”

 

[“— and if I’m to believe this is the otherworldly summoning format I’m used to, where
is the beautiful girl who summoned me?”]



Julius choked, hastily coughing into his fist. Everyone else had no such restraint. The room
burst into laughter once again.

 

“I think I knyow what kinds of stories Subaru-kyun likes to read!” Ferris teased.

 

“Can it!” Subaru retorted, face almost as red as Reinhard’s hair.

 



“You know,” Julius attempted to soothe, the corners of his mouth twitching. “I do have a
number of romance novels in my collection. If you would like to borrow—”

 

Subaru buried his face in his knees and screamed, the sound muffled.

 

[“Is that her?! The cute girl who summoned…”]

 

[Subaru faltered. None of the three men in front of him were cute girls.]

 

“…Hah?” present Rachins said, bewildered.

 

[“What are you talking about?” Camberley grinned.]

 

[“If you don’t wanna get hurt,” Rachins threatened, walking forward and grabbing
Subaru by the collar of his tracksuit. “Cough up everything you’ve got!”]

 

Felt turned to Rachins with a flat stare.

 

“What?” Rachins muttered, shifting uncomfortably. “He had stuff! We TOOK stuff! That’s
just — how it was…”

 

“…You dumbasses,” Felt sighed. But she guessed she didn’t have any room to really judge
them, considering how she herself had spent the vast majority of her life a thief.

 

Next to her, Rom coughed into his fist, trying his best to hide a smile.

 

“Hold on a second,” Ram sighed, pinching the bridge of her nose. She knew she had
recognized this bunch from somewhere. “You three…?”



 

Rachins scoffed, trying to hide his blush. “What of it?” he demanded.

 

Ram stared at him for a long moment. “…Do I need to blow you away again, you worthless
wretch?” she finally asked.

 

“Eh?” Rachins frowned at her a moment longer before his face suddenly turned bright red.

 

“Eh?” Frederica blinked. “Ram — you’ve met these men before?”

 

“W-Wait—”

 

“I’ve met all three of them,” Ram declared, folding her arms. “While Emilia-sama and I were
separated, that worthless lot got it into their heads that they should try to rob me, just like
they apparently decided to do to the wretched Barusu.”

 

Reinhard stared at Ram in disbelief, and then turned to Rachins.

 

Rachins recoiled at the look on his face. “Wait, wait, wait!” he shouted defensively. “It’s not
like we were successful there, that maid absolutely demolished us almost immediately! And
anyway, so we tried to rob two people, it’s not like any of them were a Royal—”

 

“Hey, that’s right!” Emilia suddenly exclaimed. Ram blinked. “I remember now! While I was
trying to find Felt, you three are the ones who attempted to rob me a second time in that
alleyway, aren’t you?”

 

Rachins had really been hoping that Lady Emilia had forgotten about that small detail. Or, at
least, that she would have the mercy to not mention it in front of Reinhard.

 

“Rachins,” Reinhard said.



 

“I-It’s not what it sounds like!” Rachins said hastily. “None of us knew who any of them
were, and anyway—!”

 

Felt finally couldn’t hold it back anymore, and burst out cackling. “You idiots decided to rob
three members of the Emilia Camp all in the same day?!” she exclaimed, grinning wide.
“Man, are the lot of you just that dumb? You must’ve had NO luck back then, if that was
your best bet…!”

 

“Oh, come on!” Rachins cried defensively, throwing up his hands in aggravated defeat. “How
were any of us supposed to know that?!”

 

They really hadn’t had any luck that day at all. Their first mark had successfully cried out and
received the Sword Saint as aid, their second had easily knocked each and every one of them
aside before threatening them for information about the Loot House, and their third had
blown them all away with Wind Magic when they had pushed their luck. How the three of
them had somehow managed to target three of the worst marks imaginable, all in the same
day…!

 

Luckily, it appeared that fate had decided to take mercy on poor Rachins — by throwing poor
Subaru directly under the bus.

 

[Crap, it’s a compulsory event! …Calm down, Subaru. Since ancient times, it’s been a fact
of life that a person summoned into another world will display supernatural powers! I’ll
mow these guys down in a snap to make room for my shining future! You lumps of EXP!]

 

“A—” Crusch winced. “Ah.”

 

Julius pinched the bridge of his nose, taking a deep breath.

 

Nearby, Wilhelm, Ricardo, and Rom were all trying desperately not to laugh. Ferris was
making no such effort, cackling loudly at the stupid little shit that was totally about to get
slaughtered by three random guys in an alley.



 

“Oh dear,” Frederica said.

 

“Barusu,” Ram groaned.

 

“Uh, Cap?” Garfiel said tentatively. His lips were twitching. “I— I don’t think that’s how that
works…”

 

For his part, Subaru looked absolutely mortified. A horrified squeak escaped his throat as he
stared back out at the crowd, and not much else.

 

Emilia swatted Garfiel lightly. “Don’t tease him,” she scolded. “Yes, Subaru had — a bit of
an awkward phase, but he’s always been a good boy! Be nice.”

 

“S-Sorry, Cap,” Garfiel choked, still holding back laughter. “I know you— but— really??”

 

“Subaru has grown a lot since back then,” Julius nodded. “…But I just realized that we’re
probably going to be seeing a lot of…what it took to get him that far.”

 

“I can’t wait,” Ferris cackled. “—Oh come on, Juli. Don’t nyew wannya knyow what got him
to grow up a bit?”

 

“From the sounds of things, I think Julius bonking him on the head that one time did the
trick,” Ricardo chuckled. “But I do kinda want to see just how far it got…”

 

“I am a little confused about one thing,” Emilia admitted. “What’s EXP?”

 

Subaru looked very much like he wanted to crawl into a hole and never come out again.

 



“At least I was right there,” Reinhard sighed, shaking his head.

 

[Gaston wasn’t prepared for Subaru to swing out of nowhere, and went down fast,
stunned for at least the moment — quickly followed by Camberley getting punted
across the alley by a kick to the chest.]

 

[“I hit someone for the first time in my life! Wow!” Subaru exclaimed, excited as though
he had not just actively started a fight with three men at once. “But I didn’t expect it to
hurt ME that much…”]

 

“You — never got into a fight before?” Julius repeated, frowning. Suddenly that duel of
theirs — which had already been in poor taste — was taking on an even more unpalatable
edge.

 

“…Shut up,” an already thoroughly humiliated Subaru muttered in response.

 

Julius refrained from teasing him for his rudeness like he normally would.

 

Ferris did not, an enormous shit-eating grin on his face. “Nyew’d nyever even fought anyone
before,” he repeated. “And nya decided that the FIRST THING nyew’d do—”

 

“Stooop—!”

 

“Subaru literally never got in a fight before and he was still kicking your asses?!” Felt was
cackling nearby. “You three are so—”

 

“Wait.” Rachins said, a frown on his face. “This…isn’t how it went at all.”

 

“Embarrassed?” Felt grinned.

 



“No seriously,” Rachins said, shaking his head. “He didn’t swing at us once: he just called for
the guards. This isn’t what happened.”

 

“Ha! Nice try — not buying it.” Felt waved her hand at the meteor. “The proof is right in
front of us, bro,” she said. “You’re not fooling anyone.”

 

(Rom, meanwhile, frowned — though he didn’t say anything aloud.)

 

[“But this world is set up so that I’ll be strong! My adrenaline is surging! I’ve got this!”]

 

[— Rachins then pulled out two long knives as Subaru charged forward, and suddenly
his entire attitude shifted on a dime.]

 

[“I’m sorry, that was absolutely terrible of me. I ask that you forgive me and please find
it in your generous hearts to spare my life!”]

 

“There goes all that ambition,” Anastasia said, rolling her eyes. “Unsung hero…”

 

“Well there goes all that courage,” Felt snorted. “Seriously? Seeing a knife was all it took?”

 

“Please don’t encourage him, I suppose!” Beatrice protested. “I’d much rather my contractor
be a coward than dead, in fact!”

 

Subaru stared at her with wide eyes, visibly wounded by her assessment. Otto finally joined
in the laughter at the look on his face.

 

[“What?! You mean to tell me that my one-hit knockout punch only did that much
damage?! What about my superpowers?!”]

 



“Oh my god nyer SUCH a spoiled brat,” Ferris breathed, looking absolutely delighted. “I can
totally see how that incident at the Ceremony—“

 

“Stop iiit!” Subaru cried.

 

[“I don’t know what you’re going on about, but you’ve really done it now!” Rachins
snapped, using his newfound high ground to slam his foot into his head. Camberley then
kicked him in the face, Gaston swinging for his guts. Subaru squealed beneath them,
now getting completely pulverized as he desperately attempted to protect his face.]

 

“Ah,” Frederica exclaimed softly, one if the first to wince in sympathy.

 

“Do you still think he’s dangerous, dear sister?” Ram whispered, a small smirk on her face.
Rem frowned back at her.

 

[Crap, this really, really hurts. Like, I could die. No, seriously.]

 

Frederica had been among the first to lose her mirth — as had Emilia, whose face had gone
cold. But in the audience, everyone else’s amused smiles slowly faded.

 

[“Stop moving, you whelp.”]

 

[“Ow! No, don’t… Ow! Ow! Ow!”]

 

[Rachins stomped on Subaru’s hand as he tried to get up and pointed the knife at him in
clear warning. “After we make sure you can’t move we’re going to take everything
you’ve got,” he announced. “That’s what you get for acting tough, you punk…”]

 

“Rachins,” Felt growled.

 



”That’s going a bit far,” Rom agreed, a disapproving look on his face.

 

“Seriously, I don’t remember any of this!” Rachins protested. “We tried to mug him, yeah,
but — he just called for the guards, and then Reinhard showed up! That’s it! —You
remember, right, Reinhard?!”

 

“Don’t try to use me as a shield, Rachins,” Reinhard warned. “I was only there for part of this
altercation.”



“Rachins, I swear, as soon as we get back to—”

 

[“Hey! Out of the way! Out of the way! I’m talking to you! Move!”]

 

Felt’s visible rage was immediately replaced by sheer bewilderment. “Wha—“

 

[“Whoa! You look like you’re in quite a pinch there, but sorry! I’ve got my hands full
right now! Good luck! Live strong!”]

 

[“Wait what?! Are you serious?!”]

 

“…You really couldn’t have stepped in, even a little bit?” Reinhard asked quietly.

 

“I don’t remember this,” Felt said, now looking as confused as Rachins. “That’s not how we
met. This isn’t—“ Maybe I just forgot? she wondered.

 

Though she didn’t think she would forget a sight that pathetic…

 

Rom’s eyes narrowed.

 



[“Doesn’t what just happened make your anger just sort of melt away and make you
want to change your minds about all this?” Subaru wheedled.]

 

[“More like it killed the mood and now I’m even angrier,” Rachins answered bluntly.
He slammed his foot into Subaru’s face, grinding him into the stone. “Don’t think you’ll
get to die a pleasant death!”]

 

“What?” Emilia demanded, her own anger reaching a rare peak at the idea that they would—
they would kill—

 

“I didn’t, I didn’t!” Rachins squawked, eyes going wide as he backed away. “I’d never do
that, I swear! I just — I might have tried to rough him up once or twice, but I wouldn’t— I
never actually wanted him DEAD, I swear!”

 

[“Hold it right there, you evildoers!”]

 

“Huh?” Emilia said, startled right out of her own rising anger.

 

“So this is how you two met,” Julius mused.

 

“N-No,” Emilia refused, shaking her head. “I— This never happened? We met at the Loot
House, not—“

 

But there she was onscreen, looking at the alleyway scuffle.

 

(At the far side of the room, being careful not to draw attention to himself, Roswaal smiled
coldly.)

 

[“If you stop right now, I’ll let you go,” Emilia was saying. “In a way, this is my fault for
not being cautious. So do the right thing and give me back what you stole.”]



 

“Wait,” Felt said, knocked out of her confusion by the unintentional insult. “Big Sis thought I
was those idiots??”

 

“Hey!”

 

“I didn’t—” Emilia tried to say. “It didn’t happen like this!”

 

“Hmph.” Felt frowned, but didn’t look as disbelieving as she initially had with Rachins.
“What is this…?”

 

[“Hmm…it doesn’t look like you’re lying,” Emilia was pondering. “So the one who stole
from me is down farther ahead? I’ve got to hurry…”]

 

[And with that she started to run past the pathetic display of the man who would one
day become her dearest friend having the shit kicked out of him by street thugs. For a
moment, it looked as though he were about to be abandoned.]

 

“Eh??” Emilia protested.

 

“She’s gonna turn back,” Otto muttered.

 

“Of course,” Frederica sighed.

 

[“Still.” Emilia stopped at the top of the stairs. “This situation is one I can’t just
ignore.”]

 

“Of course she does,” Garfiel smirks, holding his chin high. “Emilia’d never leave someone
in need to fend for themselves!”



 

Nearby, Felt shifted awkwardly.

 

[“Magic?!” Subaru exclaimed, watching Emilia fight off his attackers easily —
knocking Camberley out entirely. “…It isn’t quite as fantasy-like as I imagined. To be
honest, this is kind of a letdown…”]

 

Ferris sputtered. “Nyew spoiled brat!” he exclaimed.

 

He didn’t need to say it. Subaru’s face was buried firmly in his knees, his ears so red it looked
as though they may burst into flames at any moment.

 

[“I don’t care if you’re a magic user or nobility or whatever!” Rachins roared. “I’ve
had enough! We’re gonna kill you! Do you really think you can win a two-on-one
fight?!”]

 

“Rachins,” Reinhard said. His voice was soft, but dark with warning. Rachins stiffened. “We
are going to talk about this later.”

 

Rachins looked about ready to wet himself. “Y-Yes, Reinhard…”

 

[“You’re right,” Emilia said slowly. “One against two sounds like it could be a little
tough…”]

 

[“In that case, would two on two be a bit more fair?”]

 

“Puck!” Emilia exclaimed.

 

Beatrice brightened. “Bubby!”



 

For there he was, their first glimpse of him for the first time in a year.

 

Felt whistled. “You three fuckers challenged the Beast of the End?” she teased. Rachins
somehow paled even further. “Maybe you DO have some guts…”

 

[“Y-You’re a Spirit Arts user?” Gaston blustered.]

 

[“Correct,” Emilia said. “Back off now and I won’t come after you. Decide quickly: I’m
in a hurry.”]

 

[“You bitch!” Rachins cried, already backing away. “Next time I see you, I won’t go
easy on you!”]

 

[“Do anything to her, and I’ll haunt you and your kin forever!” the Beast of the End
said cheerfully. “Not like you’ll have any kin if I do that…”]

 

[That threat was enough to scare Rachins and Gaston off entirely. Rachins just barely
remembered to grab Camberley, and then they were gone, running as fast as their feet
could take them.]

 

“…Or maybe not,” Felt amended.

 

[“You saved me,” Subaru said, turning to Emilia. “Thanks.”]

 

[“Don’t move.”]

 

[Subaru’s eyes were wide with wonder, his cheeks slowly turning pink. After a moment,
Subaru averted his gaze shyly.]



 

[“See?” Emilia declared. “I knew I was onto something. If he had nothing to hide, he
wouldn’t look away like that.”]

 

[“I’m not so sure about that. That seems like a very natural reaction for a boy like
him.”]

 

Ferris whistled. “And so it begins,” he teased. “Just look at his faace!”

 

“Od Laguna, you were literally a character straight out of a storybook when he first met
you,” Anastasia teased, giggling. “No wonder he was so taken with you: you were just
magical.”

 

“That’s so cute!” Mimi exclaimed, eyes round and wide. “Do you think Garf thinks Mimi’s
that amazing? I wanna be a storybook princess!”

 

“Wha— how’d my amazing self get dragged into this?!”

 

Subaru just sat in his cage, hiding his face in his arms. As if none of the giggling onlookers
could see his bright red ears.

 

Emilia just frowned. “I reeally don’t remember this at all…”

 

[“Wait, you shouldn’t try to stand up just ye— Well…alright.”]

 

“What an amazing first impression,” Ferris commented.

 

“Got beat up in an alley and left for dead by three thugs like a pile of trash,” Ram noted, the
corner of her mouth twitching. “A very suitable first impression, I believe.”



 

[“So…what should we do?” Puck’s voice said.]

 

[“He has…nothing to do with us. That’s not enough to kill him. We’re going to leave
him.”]

 

“What?!” Emilia cried.

 

“She’s not gonna leave him,” Garfiel stated confidently.



“Definitely not,” Frederica agreed.

 

“Obviously not,” Ram huffed. “She should leave Barusu beat up in that alley where he
belongs, of course, but we know she won’t.”

 

”Thanks, Nee-sama…” Subaru managed, sounding faint with embarrassment.

 

[“There’s no way!” Emilia cried. “No way that I’m going to save him, alright?!
Alright?!”]

 

[Man, even when she’s angry she’s cute. Go otherworldly fantasies.]




Everyone started cackling all over again.




“Is—” Julius coughed, desperately trying to regain his composure. “Is this just going to be us
listening to his otherworldly fantasies for — however long this takes?”

 

“I’m nyot complainying,” Ferris laughed. “This is the funnyiest thing Ferri-chan has seen in
AGES.”

 



“Is this why that thing decided to call Barusu an Unsung Hero?” Ram snickered.
“Otherworldly fantasies.”

 

“Please stop,” Subaru whimpered, looking about ready to pass out from the embarrassment.

 

[Subaru opened his eyes to find himself on someone’s lap.]

 

“That doesn’t look like—” Julius suddenly broke into a cough. “Oh.”

 

“Shut uuuup,” Subaru whispered softly.

 

“…You know, that IS something of an honor,” Julius tried to console Subaru, his cheek
twitching. “I doubt that the Beast of the End lends his lap to just anyone…”

 

[“Wow, beautiful girls are a lot hairier than I imagi— hey wait a minute!”]

 

Julius sighed, giving up.

 

“Wha— of all the things to say!” Otto squawked. “What if that actually HAD been Emilia,
you dumbass?! Do you think girls like being called hairy?!”

 

Subaru didn’t respond, too busy covering his eyes and ears in a desperate attempt to avoid the
display onscreen. 

 

[“Wow; this is actually really comfortable,” Subaru said, eyes round. “Like, this is
amazing. Now I understand why people want to love their cats ‘til they go bald…”]

 

[“Well, if you’re going to be this happy about it, I guess it was really worth super-
sizing.”]



 

Otto groaned loudly. Ricardo started coughing into his fist. It was not enough o disguise his
laughter.

 

“I didn’t knyow nya liked kitties so much, Subaru-kyun!” Ferris exclaimed, ears twitching,
grin all teeth. “Do nyew really love Ferri-chan that much??”

 

Nearby, Frederica silently brought her hand up to her mouth. Her cheeks felt a little warm.

 

“The thing is— I mean— Look— We didn’t HAVE any demihumans in Japan!” Subaru tried
to defend himself, bright red. “A— All we had were, like, domesticated pets and stuff!
Demihumans just didn’t exist!”

 

Rom blinked. No demihumans…

 

And yet it was a boy who had grown up without demihumans who vehemently supported the
only demihuman candidate in the Royal Selection. Rom wasn’t quite sure what that said
about everyone else in this country, but he didn’t like it. Though, unfortunately, nor was was
he particularly surprised.

 

“Ah, really?” Anastasia raised an eyebrow. “You adapted surprisingly well, if demihumans
were that alien a concept to you.”

 

“W-Well, they exited in…” Subaru was wilting more and more. “…in stories, and stuff…”

 

Mimi perked up. “So Mimi is a storybook princess, too?” she exclaimed, eyes shining.

 

“Uh— I mean— sure??”

 



Frederica couldn’t quite hold back a giddy smile. Subaru was not her kind of man, but — the
idea of being a storybook princess filled her with a girlish sort of glee that she rarely
managed to find in her life.

 

“Uh, Subaru.” Ricardo looked like he was trying very hard not to bust a gut laughing. “I-If
yer only experience with — with demihuman-like creatures were books and a bunch of
domesticated animals…have you been going around having to hold yerself back from petting
random strangers on the street?”

 

Subaru looked very much like he desperately wanted to be anywhere else. Ferris practically
collapsed onto the floor in hysterics. 



[“Umm…I’m sorry about all this,” Subaru was apologizing. “It looks like you ended up
staying with me until I woke up, and—”]

 

[“Don’t get any ideas,” Emilia interrupted. “The only reason I stayed is because I still
have some questions to ask you. If it weren’t for that, I would have left you behind, so
don’t get any ideas.”]

 

“What sorts of questions could that boy ever be capable of answering in this situation?”
Crusch muttered.

 

“I can think of a couple,” Anastasia answered carefully, eyes still fixated eagerly on the
meteor.

 

[“I know you’re trying to build this up and everything,” Subaru frowned. “But if you
just have something to ask, then go right ahead.”]

 

[“I’m not asking, I’m commanding,” Emilia insisted. “You know something about my
stolen badge, don’t you?”]



“Stolen…wait,” Crusch’s eyes widened. “Lady Emilia, did you—?”

 



It was Emilia’s turn to flush, looking rather embarrassed as so many of the audience’s eyes
turned to her, each slowly filling with disbelief.

 

Anastasia spluttered. “You lost your insignia?!” she exclaimed. “And way back— Lady
Emilia, the Royal Selection hadn’t even BEGUN yet!”

 

“Wasn’t really her fault,” Felt said apologetically. “Sorry again, Big Sis.”

 

“It was more or less my own fault for being careless,” Emilia reassured her, smiling guiltily.

 

Anastasia stared at her a moment longer, but refrained from saying anything more.

 

[Unfortunately for Emilia, however, Subaru knew nothing at all about her missing
insignia.]

 

[“Well, if you don’t know, you don’t know,” Emilia decided. “But, the fact that you
know absolutely nothing itself is information you have provided for me, and enough to
justify healing you.” She clapped her hands. “Well, I’m in a hurry, so I’m going to get
going now. Your wounds should all be healed, and I threatened those other guys so
much I doubt they’ll go near you again, but it’s still dangerous to enter an alley like this
alone. Oh, I’m not saying this because I’m worried about you; this is a warning: if I see
you in a similar situation again, there won’t be any merit to me saving you, so you can’t
expect me to do so again.”]

 

Otto stared at the meteor, aghast. Anastasia turned her head, covering her smile with her hand
as her shoulders shook with suppressed laughter.

 

Ram sighed. “Of course you would, Lady Emilia…”

 

[She was in such a hurry to find what was stolen from her, and yet she stopped to help
me…and she even came up with that lame excuse for a favor so I wouldn’t feel I owed her,
even though I’m a total stranger.]



 

[Subaru stared after her, thinking for a long moment, before he came to his decision.]

 

[“Anyone who lives like that—” He grabbed his drying belongings off a nearby crate,
racing to catch up with Emilia before she left his sight entirely. “—is gonna end up
wasting their whole life!”]

 

Crusch smiled. “So that’s why he loves you so much,” she observed. “It was your pure
heart.”

 

“Captain always talks about how much he loves Emilia’s kindness,” Garfiel grinned. “And
her beautiful eyes, and her lovely hair, and the graceful way she saunters through her day—”

 

“GARFIEL!” Subaru cried.

 

“That’s very naive,” Anastasia murmured reproachfully. “A kind heart is one that is easily
beaten, after all…”

 

“Ah, I wouldn’t say that,” Ricardo grinned, lowering his voice to a whisper. “I still remember
how I met YOU, way back in Kararagi. A lil’ orphan girl saving those two demihuman boys
from slavers, nearly taking their place…and look at ya now.”

 

“Shush,” Anastasia grumbled, turning a little pink.

 

[“What is it?” Emilia was asking, Subaru having run out from the alley calling for her
to wait. “I’m going to tell you right now, I only have a little more time to spend with
you.”]

 

“Lady Emilia,” Otto groaned.

 



[“So a little is fine, then…? Anyway — what you lost is really important, right? Let me
help you find it!”]

 

“Lady Emilia,” Anastasia said seriously, briefly turning away from the conversation
onscreen. “Ya just lost yer insignia, and you — why? This was highly irresponsible, you
realize.”

 

“Well this isn’t what happened, in the first place,” Emilia said uncomfortably. “But in the
second place — how could I just sit back and do nothing, right? I would have done the same
thing we’re seeing now, if this…really was how things happened back then.”

 

Anastasia sighed.

 

[“I don’t need anything in thanks,” Subaru was saying. “I’m the one who should thank
YOU. That’s why I want to help.”]

 

[“I haven’t done anything deserving of your thanks. I’ve already gotten something in
return for healing you.”]

 

“And she won’t even accept payment,” Otto muttered, pinching the bridge of his nose. “Lady
Emilia, please just— if someone OFFERS to repay a favor, then—”

 

Frederica sighed. But that was just like Emilia, wasn’t it?

 

[“If that’s the case, then I’ll help you for my own sake. The reason is…yeah, that’s it.
I’ll use you for my ‘one good deed a day’ project!”]

 

[“One good deed a day?”]

 

[“That’s right. Once a day you do one good thing. If you do that, after you die you’ve
got a one-way ticket to heaven! If I can do that, then a wonderful life of just eating and



sleeping is waiting for me — so I hear! So that’s why I’m going to help you for my own
sake.”]

 

“…What the hell is that logic?” Ricardo said, bewildered.

 

“It’s the logic behind an excuse is what it is,” Tivey answered, rolling his eyes. “It’s the same
thing Lady Emilia was doing earlier, giving an excuse for why her helping him was definitely
not for his sake. …These two…”

 

“It’s a good thing Captain’s so persistent when it comes to Lady Emilia,” Garfiel snickered.

 

Frederica smiled. And that excuse was just like Subaru, wasn’t it?

 

Anastasia sighed, shaking her head. “You two are perfect for each other,” she muttered.

 

[“I’m telling you,” Emilia finally relented. “I really can’t give you anything in return,
alright?”]

 

[And thus, the search through the city began.]



“I reeally don’t remember this,” Emilia frowned. “I was searching for my insignia on my
own, I know I was…”

 

“Maybe you forgot?” Mimi asked helpfully. “Mimi forgets things all the time!”

 

“That — can’t be it. I definitely remember meeting him later that very day, and…”

 

While Emilia fell deeper into her confusion, Ferris and Ricardo kept up a running
commentary about how the duo’s onscreen search for Felt and the stolen insignia was going,
each sentence making Subaru glower towards them grow more and more severe.



 

“And here we have an incredibly crude drawing of a random thief he saw once in an alley! It
looks just like the real thing, doesn’t it? Ferri-chan is SURE that everyone who sees it would
knyow who Subaru-kyun is talking about~”

 

“And there’s our unsung hero chasing after a random girl at a shopping stall, because
obviously someone who’d just stolen a royal insignia would waste their time fiddling around
the stores in the same area—”

 

“It’s not all that bad,” Julius tried to defend. “Subaru might not be — the most
knowledgeable, here — but all of his plans so far seem to be at least reasonable —”

 

[Subaru tried to climb into an alleyway clearly labeled ‘KEEP OUT,’ stopped only by
Emilia frantically pulling him back.]

 

Julius sighed. 

 

“Gotta admire the enthusiasm!” Ricardo laughed. Subaru squeaked something angrily at him,
face bright red. The noise just made Ricardo laugh harder.



—Perhaps a little late, something suddenly occurred to Wilhelm.

 

“Wait a moment,” he frowned, blinking in confusion. “Lady Felt was the one who…?”

 

Felt winced. Ah, that was right…

 

“Er, yes,” Emilia confirmed, blinking in confusion. “O-Of course, it’s all water under the
bridge now, so…”

 

Wilhelm shook his head. “My apologies, Lady Emilia, for worrying you,” he chuckled. “It
was just — I remembered something very different from that day…”



 

Felt remembered it, too. While she had been waiting for the opportune moment to strike,
Lady Emilia had been careless and had her purse stolen by one of the many pickpockets
wandering the capital. Felt had chased after the pickpocket out of the fear that her targeted
insignia was one of the items inside that purse, only for the Sword Demon to catch the thief
first.

 

“So that was the ‘boorish thing’ that came up, Old Man Will?” Ferris smirked.

 

“I had given the purse back to Lady Felt, out of consideration that my assisting a rival
Candidate would overcomplicate things,” Wilhelm confirmed. He rolled his shoulder. “…I
hadn’t realized that Lady Emilia was Lady Felt’s target, as well.”

 

He had suspected that the young girl might be considering running off with that purse, but he
had thought that a stern look would be more than enough o put an end to such inclinations in
such a sharp and determined child.

 

“I DID give it back!” Felt said hastily. “The purse wasn’t what I was after anyway, so — I
just threw it in with all the other stuff people were throwing at her, and she got it back then!”

 

Ram’s eyes widened. “All the stuff people were throwing at—?!”

 

“That’s putting it strangely,” Emilia said awkwardly. “I was putting on a bit of a performance
to help — I was actually helping Mimi, come to think of it! Do you remember, Mimi?”

 

Mimi perked up. “I do, I do!” she exclaimed.

 

“Mimi?” Anastasia asked, looking a little startled.

 

“When Hetaro went and got lost like a dummy—” Hetaro squeaked as Mimi bopped him on
the head. “I ended up eating out, but since Hetaro had the wallet, Mimi couldn’t pay. Mimi



was GOING to pay with her staff, ‘cause she didn’t wanna be known as a dine-and-dasher,
but then this silver-haired girl — that was you?”

 

“Yes, it was!” Emilia smiled. “I’m glad you remember,” she said honestly. “It was a little
embarrassing, performing like that, but in retrospect it was kind of fun. I had always
wondered how my purse ended up with everything else, though…”

 

Felt rubbed the back of her neck awkwardly, not really knowing how to respond — especially
considering she had proceeded to steal Emilia’s insignia just an hour or two later.

 

Subaru watched everyone with the look of a man watching a particularly entertaining ping-
pong match, momentarily forgetting to play up his embarrassment. “Sounds like everyone
had an eventful day back then,” he commented.

 

[I have practically no experience, when it comes to walking around the neighborhood
alongside someone of the opposite sex… Subaru lamented. The last woman I’d walked
around holding hands with was my mom, and outside of relatives, I haven’t had a good
rapport with girls since primary school, when there was no distinction between men
and…!]

 

“Oh, is that so?” Ferris cooed. “Poor little Subaru-kyun, so unlucky with the ladies~”

 

“I—” Subaru startled at the sudden change in targets. “Now, listen here—!”

 

“If it makes you feel better, Subaru,” Emilia smiled. “I didn’t have any experience walking
around neighborhoods with the opposite sex, either…”

 

Or with anyone, she didn’t add.

 

Subaru stared at Emilia with a bright pink face, unable to say a word. EMT…!

 



[“E-Even so,” Subaru said, trying to distract himself. “This business of trying to find
that girl among this crowd is like trying to find a needle in a haystack.”] 

 

[“I guess you’re right…” Emilia admitted. “But it’s not like we can just give up. If we
have to find a needle, then a needle we must find. Though I really only have myself to
blame for letting my guard down.”]

 

The one who gets robbed is the fool. Anastasia remembered that thinking from back when she
had been a hyena in the slums of Kararagi, and it was a way of thinking that she had
maintained up to the present day. From the look on Felt’s face, Anastasia was fairly sure that
the sentiment rang true within the slums of Lugunica as well.

 

It was good that Lady Emilia had recognized it, even if she hadn’t grown up in such
conditions herself.

 

[She’s so pretty, Subaru couldn’t help but think. With snowy-white skin, amethyst eyes,
hair like woven moonlight — and her outfit accents her perfectly, too… Absolutely my
type, down to the last detail. She’s so beautiful that I feel like my eyes are about to
explode!]

 

Emilia felt all the blood rush to her cheeks so fast that she ended up getting dizzy. “S-
Subaru…!” she squeaked out.

 

The entire rest of the theater had busted out into loud cackles. Subaru looked almost as
mortified as Emilia did, in that moment.

 

“I’m afraid you are going to have to get used to this, Lady Emilia,” Ram sighed.

 

Caught between embarrassment and pure, utter joy, Emilia had no choice but to bury her face
in her hands.

 



[Subaru shook his head. “Either way,” he declared. “I owe you for helping me out, so
I’m gonna give it my all for you — my young lady.“]

 

Felt winced. Hard. “Big Bro,” she said. “Never call her that again.”

 

Hearing it out loud, Subaru couldn’t help but agree.

 

[“I already told you that you don’t need to do any of this…” Emilia sighed. “You sure
are an odd boy.”]

 

[“Well, even so…”]

 

“He isn’t going to leave you, Emilia,” Ram declared. “I am afraid moment Barusu spotted
you, he latched on like a parasitic leech.”

 

“That’s mean,” Emilia pouted. “It‘a more like he started chasing after me like a stray puppy,
you know…?”

 

“A stray mongrel you had found in a dumpster somewhere. Ram agrees.”

 

[“By the way,” Subaru said. “It feels like we’re going somewhere with less people
around, are you sure it’s this way?”]

 

[Emilia blinked. “Wasn’t it you who knew the way?”]

 

“Useless, I suppose — both of you!” Beatrice threw her hands up in resignation.

 

Otto respected the both of them, really, he did. But — sometimes he wondered how these two
had ever survived anything before he had arrived to split hairs keeping their Camp in check.



 

—Next to him, Frederica shook her head: she was wondering something similar herself.

 

[“Even with all of my experience,” Subaru sighed later, him and Emilia overlooking the
Capital from a balcony on high. “I never thought it would be this difficult…”]

 

[“You seem to have a really high opinion of yourself, but I haven’t seen anything from
you to prove it. No matter how you slice it, things aren’t going well.”]

 

Felt snickered, looking a little pleased with herself.

 

Emilia noticed. “Felt…” she frowned.

 

“I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” she apologized, trying to force down her smile. “But— I gotta take a
bit of pride in my work, you know? It’d be embarrassing if you didn’t have to put up any
fight at all…”

 

[“Wonder what she’s doing…?” Subaru said.]

 

[“Oh that?” Puck swished his tail. “She’s communicating with lesser spirits.”]

 

Julius blinked, a question suddenly coming to mind. “Did spirits exist where you came from,
Subaru?” he asked.

 

“W-Well— not really?” Subaru shrugged, rubbing the back of his neck self-consciously.
“They were — certainly not like that. We had stories and stuff, but…we didn’t have magic
either, see?”

 

“—No magic?” Julius couldn’t imagine how anything ever got done. “How did anything get
done?”



 

“Technology, mostly. We had way more advanced tech, so we didn’t really need to worry
about—”

 

[“Wow, that’s so cool! Are all of these glowing things spirits!”]



Julius recoiled, curiosity suddenly boiling into fright as Subaru leapt forward to unknowingly
throw himself into the fire.

 

[Emilia yelped in surprise, all the spirits scattering to the winds at once.]

 

“What did you think you were doing?!” the knight snapped, momentarily forgetting that he
was watching a memory as fright turned into anger.

 

Subaru recoiled at the sudden burst of anger. “I didn’t—!”

 

“That could have gone wrong so easily!” Julius continued, bristling with terrified rage. “If
Lady Emilia weren’t such a talented user of the Spirit Arts, then you could very easily have
blown the both of you up with such a reckless stunt!”

 

[“Oh come on,” the Subaru onscreen was saying. “There’s no way those little sparkly
things could be dangerous. Do you really expect me to believe that?”]

 

Julius looked like he was on the verge of a seizure. “LITTLE SPARKLY THINGS?!?!”

 

“Juli, Juli—” It was Ferris, of all people, who took pity on him. “This is a memory,” he
reminded the knight. “Subaru-kyun is obviously fine nyow, so let’s let it slide, nyes? We all
knyew he was a little stupid anyway…”

 

“I didn’t realize he was going around doing THIS—!”



 

“I have a feeling yer gonna see him do so much worse,” Ricardo sighed, clapping him on the
shoulder. This had the opposite effect from calming Julius down.

 

Trapped in his jar, Subaru looked very much like he wanted to melt into a puddle on the floor
of the glass.

 

[“I was trying to see if I could get any information from them about what I’m looking
for. They disappeared before I was able to ask them, though.”]

 

[“What?! Really?!”]

 

[Emilia tried to backtrack hastily at the guilty look on Subaru’s face, but had to give up
and admit that he had indeed screwed up her plan.]

 

Anastasia sighed. “I woulda kicked him aside as soon as he did something like that,” she
muttered.

 

“Well that’s why Lady Emilia isn’t you,” Garfiel scowled.

 

”Garfiel—” Frederica began to warn.

 

“Don’t talk to my Lady like that!” Mimi scolded, pouting. “I won’t make exceptions for that,
even from you, Garf!”

 

[This is bad, both considering the debt I owe and that she’s my one precious connection in
this world… I’m gonna do my best to cling to this relationship and not let go…!]

 

The entire theater winced simultaneously.



 

“Ah,” Anastasia said. “That— might explain a few things.”

 

Ram snorted derisively, folding her arms. “Pathetic,” she said. 

 

Subaru winced, hard. Hearing that aloud, he couldn’t help agreeing with her wholeheartedly.

 

“Don’t worry, silly Barusu,” Ram added, rolling her eyes. “You can heel like a dog at our
sides as much as you want.”

 

[“Ah, now that I think of it, we haven’t told each other our names yet, have we?” Emilia
said. “Should we introduce ourselves?”]




[“Oh, you’re right,” Subaru realized. “Well, then, I guess I’ll go ahead and go first!”]

 

[And with that, the stupid boy stuck his arm up and his hip out in one of the dumbest
poses any of them had ever seen. “My name is Natsuki Subaru!” he declared. “Not only
am I clueless, but I’m also broke beyond compare! Nice to meet ya!”]

 

Wilhelm finally completely failed in his efforts to disguise his laughter behind fake coughs,
nearly falling over in the process. He almost managed to recollect himself, only for him to
catch sight of Subaru staring at him from his jar with large, wounded eyes, at which point he
devolved into hysterics all over again.

 

Ram pinched the bridge of her nose, exhaling slowly. “This is what Lady Emilia decided to
drag home,” she muttered. “Some random, idiot foreigner she found knocked out by a
dumpster in an alley.”

 

“Certainly was a choice on her part,” Frederica sighed.

 

“Captain hasn’t done anything wrong!” Garfiel protested. “I think he looks cool!”



 

Tivey and Hetaro both glanced at their sister with looks of silent disappointment.



Anastasia chuckled. Unconventional it may be, that sort of open enthusiasm held unique
charm and potential both. She would be unwise to waste such an opportunity if it had fallen
into her lap.

 

[“And I’m Puck! Nice to meet you!” With that, the little gray spirit flew right into
Subaru’s outstretched hand.]

 

“To so casually touch a Great Spirit,” Julius hissed, looking as though he were on the verge
of an aneurism. “And the Beast of the End, no less…!”

 

“I mean he did wake up in that thing’s lap earlier,” Ferris pointed out.

 

Unfortunately, Subaru’s stunt with the lesser spirits had made Julius completely unable to
look at his casual behavior as anything other than the actions of a boy who had no idea how
dangerous the world around him really was, and thus he could no longer find that situation
funny.

 

[“Just where did you come from?” Emilia asked.]

 

[“Ha, I was waiting for you to ask that!” Subaru grinned, puffing out his chest. “Given
the trope, I’ll have to say that I come from a small country to the east!”]

 

[“Er — Lugunica is the furthest to the east, so there’s country to the east of here.”]

 

[“Eh?! There’s nothing east of here?!”]

 

“I am so happy that he didn’t say he was from the South,” Otto groaned.



 

Julius looked like he was about to have an aneurysm at the very thought.

 

[“So you don’t know where you are, you don’t have any money, you can’t read, and you
have nobody to help you,” Emilia said, looking very worried. “I’m starting to think that
you might be in a more precarious position than I am…”]

 

“Ah.” Anastasia grimaced. “That’s…”

 

For all that she had been excited at that revelation, she hadn’t considered this aspect of the
phenomenon of people appearing from beyond the Great Waterfall.

 

“…Thank goodness he met the one person in the city who’d be willing to take in someone
like that,” Crusch said.

 

[“Taking another look at you, you’re actually in pretty good shape. Um… Uh…
Subaru.”]

 

Ferris started giggling uncontrollably. Everyone else managed to stifle theirs.

 

“Shut up…” Subaru whimpered again.

 

[“Hm? Oh. Yep. Subaru. That’s my name. …I do strength training every day! Since I’m
almost always cooped up in my room, I’ve got to do at least that much to stay in
shape.”]

 

All of the much, much stronger men in the room looked at his comparatively squishy form
with amusement.

 



“That’s his idea of staying in shape?” Rom mused. “Must’ve been a pretty squishy world he
was from…”

 

[“You’re from a high-ranking family, aren’t you? Weren’t you taught some martial
art?”]

 

[“I’m actually from an extremely ordinary middle class family, but…what makes you
think I’m from a high class family? Do I exude some refined air of nobility?”]

 

[“Well you do have a curious air to you, at least.”]

 

Julius had finally started to calm down enough to giggle at that a bit. Refined Natsuki Subaru,
he thought to himself. He couldn’t picture it.

 

“Could probably pass as one of those eccentric types,” Felt offered. “Like your sponsor.”

 

Subaru squawked loudly.

 

Roswaal pursed his lips. “Is being compared to me offensive, Subaru-kuuun~?”

 

“Very! And in so very many ways, too!”

 

Anastasia didn’t laugh, lost in thought as she was. An extremely ordinary middle class family,
he had said…

 

What did that look like, in Natsuki’s world?



[“It’s also these fingers of yours, but your skin and hair are part of it as well. These
aren’t the hands of a commoner, and your muscles don’t look like the product of hard
labor.”]



 

Wilhelm coughed into his fist to hide his smile at the blush on Subaru’s face. In the present
day, Subaru had resumed burying his face in his knees.

 

“Aww, Subaru-kyun has such slender, pretty hands,” Ferris cooed. “Lady Emilia must have
fallen in love with them at first sight~”

 

Subaru squeaked out something completely intelligible, refusing to lift his head.

 

[“If you’re asking me whether you’re wrong or right…you’re absolutely wrong, but is
there any way I can say it so you won’t get hurt?”]

 

[“If I’m wrong, just tell me I’m wrong! If you don’t, it’s just going to be more
embarrassing for me…”]

 

“To be fair, I don’t think anyone would have been able to guess THAT,” Crusch muttered.

 

“Would’ve been nice to know,” Otto sighed.

 

”It really would have been,” Frederica agreed.

 

“I did tell you guys!” Subaru protested hotly, voice high-pitched. “It’s not my fault that
apparently none of you believed me!”

 

[“But…really, this isn’t looking very good,” Emilia murmured.]

 

[“…What am I, an idiot? Well yeah, I’m an idiot, just what have I been doing all this
time…!”]





Everyone watched as Subaru quickly started to devise a plan for how to proceed next. It was
rather basic, coming down to following the thief to the slum area of the capital, where she
was likely from, and where they might be able to barter for what she had stolen, but—

 

“That’s not a terribly thought out plan,” Anastasia commented. 

 

“Captain’s a very good planner,” Garfiel said proudly. “Ya should’ve seen him against the
Great Rabbit: as pathetic as he might seem at times, he’s really incredible when it counts!”

 

“I’m not pathetic…” Subaru whimpered soulfully. Garfiel devolved from his preening into a
flurry of cackles.

 

(Frederica chuckled a bit at the slight satisfaction that flashed through Subaru’s eyes at the
sight of his friend’s laughter. Such was his nature, was it not?) 

 

[“I was just surprised. You really do have a good head on your shoulders.”]

 

[“Well, rather than a logical conclusion, it’s more that it’s a common theme in medieval
fantasy—”]

 

Otto sighed. “Of course.”

 

Julius frowned, a pit opening up in his stomach as he realized—

 

“Just how many of Subaru’s actions came from him attempting to imitate fairytales?” he
asked quietly.

 

“…I mean,” Ferris shrugged. “If it works, it works, nyes?”

 



Julius didn’t know how to feel about that.

 

[“I was just thinking… I know your cat’s name, now, but I don’t think you ever told me
your name, haha.”]

 

“That’s not a CAT, Subaru,” Julius gritted out, his anxieties flaring up all over again.

 

“Easy, there, Juli,” Ferris soothed. “That thing that is definyitely nyot a cat very much likes
Subaru-kyun, so—”

 

[“Satella.”]

 

The theater froze.

 

“…What??” Emilia squeaked out.

 

Julius’ face drained of color.

 

“…That can’t actually be the Witch of Envy,” Ferris said, all of the mirth abruptly drained
from his voice. “It can’t — she’s sealed in that shrine —”

 

“No— that’s definitely Emilia,” Anastasia agreed slowly. “Her Great Spirit, her insignia, her
mannerisms…” Slowly, she turned to face the half-elf sitting frozen in the middle of the
room. “Lady Emilia,” she said. “Why would you say something like that?”

 

“I don’t know!” Emilia insisted, eyes wide. “I don’t remember anything like this!”

 

“I should hope not, Lady Emilia,” Ram said. Her tone was unusually cross, compared to what
it normally was like when she spoke with her liege. “Forgive me for saying this, but that



would be in rather poor taste.”

 

”I have to agree,” Frederica said gravely.

 

“He doesn’t even know,” Otto choked out, watching as the Subaru onscreen completely failed
to respond appropriately. “He has no idea what you just—!”

 

“All of you are freaking out over nothing!”

 

Everyone stopped.

 

Subaru was glowering at them from his cage. “So she made a stupid joke,” he brushed off.
“It’s not a big deal. Who cares? And nobody even remembers this, so there’s REALLY no
point in trying to argue about who was right or wrong here. Would all of you just chill out?”

 

Ferris blinked at him, and then grinned. “Was somebody getting jealous of all the attention
being on Lady Emilia?” he cooed.

 

Subaru blinked, startled out of his anger. “Wh—What?!”

 

“Aww, don’t worry, Subaru-kyun~” Ferris said sweetly. “We can give nyew aaaall the
attention nyew want!”

 

“Wait— Wait, stop—!”

 

“Would that finyally sate nyer otherworldly fantasies, I wonder~?”

 

Beatrice watched with amusement as Subaru squawked, his face returned to a brilliant shade
of crimson. Ferris’ distraction had worked, at least. All of the attention was now firmly off of



Subaru’s silly half-elf girl and on him. …Even if it wasn’t exactly in the way that her
contractor may have wished for.

 

[“Hey, Subaru,” Emilia said. “Do you think that kid is lost?”]

 

Wilhelm sucked in a breath, but before he could say anything—

 

“That’s Plum!” Emilia exclaimed.

 

“…You two have met?” Wilhelm clarified.

 

“Yes! —Well, not like this, it was — Subaru wasn’t there, but—” Emilia shook her head,
taking a deep breath. “Yes,” she said. “Plum is a little girl I met once, when she got lost in the
capital. Her father is that appa salesman Subaru met earlier.”

 

“Kadomon,” Wilhelm confirmed.

 

“—Oh, right. You mentioned you knew this family…” That detail had slipped Emilia’s mind
entirely. Her cheeks grew warm. “Sorry, Wilhelm-san.”

 

Wilhelm forced down a laugh. “It’s quite alright, Lady Emilia.”

 

[“You know, your kindness is a great virtue,” Subaru was frowning. “And given the fact
that I myself was saved by that kindness I really don’t want to say this, but do you have
any idea what situation you’re in right now?”]

 

“He’s not actually wrong,” Anastasia sighed. “But we all know what she is going to do, I
assume…”

 



[“But don’t you see?” Emilia insisted. “Look at her, she’s crying. …If you don’t want to
stick around with me, that’s just fine. Thank you for everything you’ve done, Subaru.
I’ll figure this out on my own. After I help that little girl.”]

 

Anastasia’s prediction was confirmed.

 

“I can’t imagine that went well,” Julius mused. “Children are often told stories about the
Witch of Envy…”

 

“What is THAT supposed to mean?” Garfiel snapped, firing up at the suspected insult
towards his liege.

 

”Garfiel,” Frederica started to murmur, but the meteor demonstrated the issue before she
could explain it out loud.

 

[Sure enough, when Emilia went to help Plum, the little girl caught sight of her silver
hair and pointed ears and only started to cry harder.]

 

Garfiel wilted. “Oh,” he said.

 

Emilia smiled sadly. It hadn’t gone exactly this way, but…

 

Anastasia sighed, a twinge of guilt resurfacing over how she had initially treated her fellow
candidate. It had been smart, to refuse to speak with the half-elf that looked exactly like the
Witch of Envy for fear of soiling her own reputation: she knew that much. …But it couldn’t
have been easy for such a kind-hearted girl to have gone through life with this as the expected
reaction to her face alone.

 

“How is Natsuki-san going to—?” Otto began to wonder, but he didn’t even have to finish his
sentence to find out.

 



[“Now, feast your eyes on this magnificent notched ten-yen coin!”]

 

“What in Od’s name is that idiot—” Ram said sourly.

 

[“Now, can you see this coin in my right hand? I bet you can! Alright, now I’m going to
squeeze it tight. Like this…squeeze, squeeze, squeeze…”]

 

[“Wait, Subaru…what are you…?”]

 

“Ah,” Emilia put a hand to her mouth, smiling. “It’s this trick.”

 

“This trick?” Anastasia repeated.

 

“It’s a bit — what do you call it, Subaru?” Subaru didn’t answer her, still covering his face in
the mortification raised by Ferris’ continued assault. “Sleight of hand, he told me…
Basically, he switches which hand the coin is in, and—”

 

[“Would you look at that!” Subaru exclaimed, pulling the coin out from behind Plum’s
ear. “So this is where that coin was hiding.”]

 

“Like that, see?” Emilia nodded. “He was reeally excited to show me.”

 

“Excited, nyew say?” Ferris perked up, his tail curling mischievously. “Was Subaru-kyun
looking forward to showing off to his otherworldly fanta—?”

 

“STOOOOP—!”

 

[“I’ll let you keep it as a present,” Subaru said casually. “It’s special, so take good care
of it, okay?”]



 

Anastasia stared at the meteor, almost speechless. “An irreplaceable artifact from beyond the
Great Waterfall,” she managed. “And you — gave it away??”

 

“It made her happy, didn’t it?” Subaru defended, flushed pink.

 

Anastasia didn’t even know where to start with that. Nearby, Rom took a deep breath, and
exhaled.

 

[“How did you do that?” Emilia asked.]

 

[“Oh, you mean that? You’re not questioning my motives, but how I did the trick?”]

 

“It’s a good question,” Felt said, side-eyeing Emilia. “You’re trusting this suspicious nobody
an awful lot, you know…”

 

“I still don’t remember any of this,” Emilia pointed out. Felt shrugged.

 

[“Subaru, is your profession taming children?”]

 

Frederica hissed softly, thinking of Clind.

 

Ram coughed loudly into her fist. “I believe there was a better way to word that, Lady
Emilia!”

 

[“The way we are right now, don’t you think there are some people out there who look
at us and think that we’re a young couple with our child? How embarrassing!”]

 



“Didn’t even hesitate!” Ricardo cackled.

 

“Absolutely shameless,” Crusch said, amazed. “It’s almost impressive.”

 

Ferris snickered, remembering the Royal Selection Ceremony. “Oh, nyew haven’t seen
‘shameless’ yet, Cruschie~”

 

“SHUT UUUUP—!” Subaru cried.

 

[“…Huh? Even with the benefit of the doubt I don’t see how anyone would think that
you and that girl are anything other than brother and sister…”]

 

Julius wheezed, clutching his chest. “Ow,” he managed.

 

“I can’t believe that didn’t stop him forever,” Garfiel snickered. “Captain never quits,
apparently…”



“I can believe it,” Ram sighed. “The healer is correct: you haven’t seen ANYTHING yet.”

 

Subaru went back to burying his face in his knees.

 

[“So, I get the feeling we’ve wasted a lot of time here, but what benefit will you insist
that you got out of this?” Subaru snapped his finger as a cue.]

 

[“That’s easy. Now we can continue our search with our minds at ease, right?”]

 

“This is one of the most bizarre comedy sketches I’ve ever watched,” Otto muttered.

 



“You aren’t any better than they are, merchant,” Ram pointed out.

 

“I like to think I have a bit more awareness of my own needs!” he said hotly.

 

Garfiel coughed hastily into his fist, remembering all the times he had needed to drag his
older brother figure away from work, away from the bottle, away from starving himself in his
room of food and sleep alike for days on end. He didn’t even need to bring it up verbally:
Otto’s face reddened and he turned away. “Oh, be quiet…”

 

Anastasia eyed both of these exchanges with growing amazement.

 

[“Since you helped that little girl, doesn’t that count for your good deed of the day
already?”]

 

[“That’s a very good argument!” Subaru admitted. “But it’s not like I’m limited to one
good deed a day or anything. I can do more. So anyway, I’m going to do enough for
tomorrow today! I’m actually planning to get a whole week’s out of the way!”]

 

[“With a personality like that, you’re going to end up losing everything one day.”]

 

[“You’re the last person I want to hear that from!”]

 

Anastasia rubbed her eyes, exhaling slowly. She was fighting back a smile. “You two deserve
each other,” she repeated.

 

“I’m just saying,” Garfiel was grinning. “You wrote a suicide note in your diary because you
planned to go and fight to the death for your beloved Natsuki-san’s sake less than a week
after—”

 

“Would you let go of that already?!” Otto cried, his face a dark red.



 

Apparently you ALL deserve each other, the Merchant Princess added silently.

 

[“You really are a nice boy, aren’t you?”]

 

[“It kinda bothers me that you’re treating me like I’m so much younger than you. I
know that a lot of people think East Asians are younger than they are, but we really
can’t be that different in age, can we?”]

 

“East Asians?” Anastasia repeated.

 

“It’s — uh — my ethnicity,” Subaru explained awkwardly, meekly leaning away from a
laughing Ferris who had momentarily paused in his assault. “It refers to — like — on a map,
my ethnicity comes from the furthest to the east…”

 

”Ah,” Ricardo said. “I think ya mentioned coming from the east before.”

 

”Y-Yeah.” Subaru relaxed the tiniest bit. “I come from an island nation, kinda,” he said. “It’s
called Japan, and it’s surrounded by water on all sides. West of it is a massive continent,
many times bigger than all of Lugunica…!”

 

Anastasia listened with interest.

 

[“However old you think I am, I don’t think that you’re very close.” Emilia bit her lip.
“…After all, I’m a half-elf.”]

 

[Subaru blinked. “…I see…”]

 

“You recognized that, then,” Anastasia noted. “Why weren’t you scared of her, if you
recognized what an elf was?”



 

Subaru didn’t answer. He knew how he’d responded to Emilia’s revelation, and he was
already moving to cover his ears, dizzy with mortification.

 

[“No wonder you’re so cute,” Subaru said. “After all, it’s like a given in fantasy worlds
that elves are always beautiful.”]

 

Wilhelm started laughing again.

 

“Bullseye!” Ricardo cheered.

 

Rom snorted, quickly turning his laughter into a hasty cough.

 

“Oh,” Anastasia said.

 

“A—” Emilia put her hand to her face, blushing. “Ah.”

 

“You should be used to his flirting by now, Lady Emilia,” Ram said.

 

“…It still takes me by surprise sometimes,” she finally said, smiling softly.



“Look at her face,” Mimi giggled.

 

[Emilia had turned away from Subaru, holding her head as if suddenly feeling very
dizzy, and was now moving to kneel by the nearest wall.]




Subaru looked like he never, ever wanted to leave his jar. Ferris looked like he would be
waiting outside to jump him if he ever did, a huge, catlike grin spreading across his cheeks.

 



[“Take that!” Puck suddenly flew out from Emilia’s hair and punched Subaru in the
cheek.]

 

Julius stiffened. Ferris noticed, his smile fading slightly as his eyes took in a more serious
look. “Easy, Juli,” he repeated.

 

[“Ow!” Subaru yelped, more out of surprise than actual pain. “What was that for??”]

 

[“I just had to do something about the unbearable tingle I feel!” Puck exclaimed,
practically vibrating with joyful excitement.]

 

[“I can’t accept being hit for a reason like that, but it was soft and squishy so I’ll forgive
you.”]

 

[“I didn’t hit you out of anger or anything! The opposite, in fact—”]

 

“That’s possibly the greatest seal of approval Subaru-kyun could have received,” Ferris
pointed out, grinning. “He’s fine.”

 

Julius — relaxed. Just a little bit.

 

[“Subaru,” Emilia finally declared, stumbling back to her feet. “You’re such a
dunderhead!”]

 

[“Dunderhead?” Subaru frowned. “Who says that in this day and age…and what have I
done to be insulted by you?”]

 

[“If you don’t understand, that’s not my problem,” Emilia huffed, still flushed. “More
importantly, we’ve got to continue our search…”]

 



“Ooh, he really got ya, lil’ missy…” Ricardo whistled. Anastasia elbowed him.



Emilia buried her face in her hands, unable to contain her wide smile.

 

[“So that’s the situation,” Subaru was saying happily. “I told her ‘Leave it to me!’ and
came over to see you, Mr. Fruit Salesman.”]

 

“Oh no,” Ram groaned. “Off he goes, bothering the appa salesman with his ridiculousness all
over again.”

 

Wilhelm sighed — smiling, but knowing Kadomon’s temper all too well.

 

[“Oh, don’t be so cold, Pops,” Subaru wheedled. “You were acting pretty nice to me not
all that long ago.”]

 

[“That’s because I thought you were a customer,” Kadomon said coldly. “If I had
known you had no money on you, I would have chased you out earlier. Like I’m about
to do right now.”]

 

“Pops?” Ricardo teased.

 

“Is everyone from beyond the Great Waterfall this friendly with strangers?” Anastasia mused.
“Must be some cultural difference…”

 

Rom blinked. That — would explain a few things about what had happened when he and
Subaru had first met, yes.

 

Frederica tilted her head. It really would explain…

 



“Wait!” Mimi suddenly straightened up, eyes darting over to where Subaru sat in his cage.
“Does that mean we’ve been really rude?” she called over worriedly. “Mimi’s really sorry if
—”

 

“No, no!” Subaru waved his hands frantically. “You’ve been great, really! I just— it’s
nothing to worry about, okay?! Please don’t worry about it!”

 

This did not do much to reassure Mimi, whose frown deepened ever so slightly.

 

[“Um, Subaru,” Emilia corrected sheepishly when he gestured towards her as a possible
customer. “I hate to say this when you’ve got your hopes up, but I don’t have any
money on me.”]

 

“Both of you are useless, I suppose,” Beatrice sighed, shaking her head. Emilia smiled shyly
back at her. “Lady Anastasia is right, in fact: you’re perfect for each other.”

 

[Just as Kadomon was about to chase them off—]

 

[“Hmm? Are you two…from before?”]

 

“Well isn’t that lucky,” Wilhelm chuckled.

 

Emilia raised her chin proudly. “Doing the right thing always pays off in the end,” she
declared. “One way or another.”

 

“Lady Emilia…” Otto sighed.

 

Anastasia shook her head, smiling slightly.

 



[“I’m sorry about that,” Kadomon apologized. “That was no way to talk to the people
who saved my daughter. Please forgive me.”]

 

[“Oh, don’t worry about it,” Emilia reassured him. “I mean, it is true that we don’t
have any money on us, and…”]

 

[“That’s right, old man!” Subaru declared. “I hope you think long and hard about your
act…ions…” He wilted a little at the look on Emilia’s face. “Um, your cute face looks
pretty scary right now…”]

 

Subaru buried his face back into his knees, croaking out something intelligible again as Ferris
and Ricardo went back to pointing and laughing at him for being a spoiled little brat.

 

Emilia sighed.

 

“Ya might wanna consider giving him some proper training,” Anastasia giggled.

 

[“Please, take it,” Raksha was insisting, Plum holding up a little broach for Emilia to
take. “My daughter wants to thank you in her own way.”]

 

[“Thank you,” Emilia smiled, accepting the gift. “I like it very much.”]

 

“Subaru isn’t a bad boy,” Emilia protested. “He’s just…a little rash sometimes, that’s all.”

 

Julius covered his mouth with his hand to hide his chuckling. 

 

[Kadomon cleared his throat. “You saved my daughter,” he said. “I want to thank you.
Ask me whatever you want.”]

 



[And so, Subaru and Emilia finally had a proper lead.]

 

“I guess it did work out,” Otto sighed. “Somehow.”

 

“Of course it did,” Garfiel said, raising an eyebrow. “It’s Captain and Lady Emilia. Things
ALWAYS work out when they’re involved!”

 

“Yeah, some people always have a way of making it work!” Mimi nodded eagerly,
completely understanding where Garfiel was coming from. “Boss Lady is like that!”

 

“Exactly!” Garfiel crowed proudly. “They always make things work out!”

 

[“…Are you a little nervous perhaps?” Puck’s voice whispered.]

 

“The Great Spirit?” Julius blinked. “His voice sounds a little…”

 

It was a bit muffled, wasn’t it?

 

[“Just a little,” Emilia smiled. Her lips barely moved as she responded — or were they
even moving at all? “But now’s not the time to worry about such things.”]

 

Were they — listening in on a telepathic conversation as contracted partners, perhaps? …Or
maybe they really were just speaking quietly. Julius supposed it didn’t matter, either way.

 

[“He’s a strange young man, isn’t he?” Emilia reflected. “Odd dress, unusual hair and
eyes, and he often says things I’ve never even heard of before. —Probably a foreigner,
but he’s also strange in other ways. Both prudent and overconfident, and knows a lot
while lacking in common sense…”]

 



“Ouch,” Ricardo laughed.

 

“I think it’s a fair assessment, given the circumstances,” Anastasia muttered.

 

Subaru looked at Emilia, eyes wide with betrayal.

 

Emilia stuck her tongue out at him playfully. “You know that I’m right, Subaru,” she said.

 

“Yes,” he sighed. “Yes, Emilia-tan… You we’re completely right.”

 

[“But it’s definitely thanks to Subaru that we were able to get closer to our objective,”
Puck pointed out. “You have to give him credit for that. …Don’t you think he’d be
delighted if you gave him some praise?”]

 

[“Quit with the silly talk,” Emilia scolded. “I doubt he’d be delighted even if I said
something to him.”]

 

Well, Emilia had certainly not been right about THAT.

 

Behind her, Ram was laughing. Emilia turned to pout in her direction.

 

[“But that boy gave off the impression that he didn’t care about stuff like your identity,
didn’t he?” Puck pointed out. “…I don’t know what you think about that though.
Satella-san.”]

 

The Emilia onscreen had deserved the rebuke. She had absolutely deserved it.

 

[“I’ve never felt so ashamed before, and yet…why am I so happy, that he responded to
me that way?” Emilia sighed to herself, a slight blush on her face. “Maybe I’m just a



reaaaally bad person…”]

 

“No!” Subaru spoke up, rounding in her with wide eyes. “You could never be a bad person,
Emilia-tan!”

 

Emilia jumped in surprise, her face growing warm. “S-Subaru?!”

 

“Emilia-tan is a WONDERFUL person!” Subaru insisted, crossing his arms. “I won’t stand
for a word suggesting anything else — not even from you!”

 

If Emilia died from embarrassment right here and now — well. She would certainly die
happy, would she not?

 

[“Hm?” Subaru was shaken out of his thoughts. “Did you say something?”]

 

[“…No, nothing,” Emilia decided. “Let’s just hurry and search the slums.”] 

 

[Far too quietly for Subaru to hear, Emilia murmured, “How could I ever reward this
young man after he’s led me this far…?”]

 

“Big Sis forgot that she saved his life, didn’t she?” Felt laughed.

 

Emilia blushed slightly. That sounded like something she’d do, yes.

 

[“We heard from that guy that if we were looking for stolen goods, they would be
handled and sold in the slums, but…the air down there and the mood, not to mention
the general character of the people down there, seems like it would be pretty terrible.”
Subaru looked at Emilia. “Are you sure you want to go?”]

 



[“You’re the one who suggested my badge might be down there in the first place, and
the owner of that shop said it would probably be there, too…”]

 

[“You probably shouldn’t forget that right after he said that, he added that we should
probably give up.”]

 

Felt snorted. “Good to know Rom and I were that infamous a pair,” she said.

 

“Lady Felt…” Reinhard sighed.

 

Subaru started, played-up embarrassment dropping as he finally realized something
important. “Wait—”

 

His first meeting with Emilia. The search for her insignia. Their conversation on the bridge.
Plum. The Loot House—

 

[“So whether you decide to go or turn back, you’d better decide soon,” Puck yawned.
“I’ve only got about an hour before it’s time-up for me…”]

 

“Wait— WAIT!” Subaru jumped to his feet, waving his arms frantically.

 

“Subaru?!” Emilia called out, startled.

 

How could he have been so stupid?

 

“You can’t show them this!” Subaru cried, eyes darting around. Who was responsible for
this? Where were they? He had to— “You can’t! If you really— If you really KNOW, then
you know why you can’t show this! Please, stop! Stop!”

 



[“If you’re scared,” Emilia said, “You can wait here for me to come back.”]

 

“Subaru—?” Julius blinked, caught off guard.

 

“Subaru, what—!” Beatrice tried to ask.

 

“Just let us go!” Subaru begged, suddenly on his feet. “Please, I’ll — I’ll do anything you
want! If you let them know then— then—!”

 

“Subaru-dono!”

 

Subaru’s head jerked to the side, catching Wilhelm’s eye.

 

“…Subaru-dono,” he said, a little more calmly. “We talked about this, remember? We won’t
judge you, for any of this. It’ll be alright.”

 

“That’s not—!”

 

“Then what is it?”

 

Subaru stared back at him, helplessly silent. But the meteor played on, and eventually he had
no choice but to sit back down on his cage and let it happen.

 

[“So in other words you don’t want to be in front,” Emilia sighed. “That would really,
really make it easier on me, though…”]

 

“Forcing her to take the lead, hm?” Ferris teased, trying to distract him from — whatever that
had been. “How knyightly, Subaru-kyun. Nyot so in line with nyer otherworldly fantasies,
hmm~”



 

“Or maybe it iiis,” Ricardo cooed. He wasn’t quite so good at hiding the worry in his eyes as
the healer was. “Maybe it’s Subaru’s otherworldly fantasy to be the Lady, eh? With a lovely,
loyal knight to defend him from all the evils of the world~!”

 

Subaru didn’t respond to either of them this time, eyes glassy and far away as he stared
intently at the meteor.

 

[Satella is getting more and more discouraged here… Subaru frowned. Did I screw up by
acting as her escort?]



Emilia blinked. “Ah…?”

 

Did Subaru — Had he regretted trying to help her, at some point?

 

[I think we’ve been making decent progress, but — every time she looks my way, she sighs
like…]




“Ah…” Emilia let out a breath. She had been silly for even considering such a thing.

 

[“I mean,” Subaru sulked aloud. “It sure is damaging when someone looks at your face
and sighs at it. And if that isn’t painful enough already, it becomes four times as
effective when a beautiful girl does it…”]

 

Wilhelm chuckled, wincing slightly. He understood that feeling well. No young man enjoyed
being sighed at by a pretty woman.

 

Though, he was fairly certain that the cause in this case was something that Lady Emilia had
done wrong, as opposed to something done wrong by Subaru.

 



[“Though, well,” Subaru admitted. “I don’t really have any life experience to match
with this sort of thing.”]

 

[That’s why I’m using my liveliness to cover for my lack of experience, here…!]

 

“Is this nyer first time out with a girl, Subaru-kyun?” Ferris grinned. “Nyew said that it is,
right…?”

 

Subaru didn’t say a thing in return.

 

[Though, Subaru lamented. All of my attempts to lighten the mood keep falling flat. And
she appears to just be getting more and more discouraged by them, no less..]

 

“Your efforts are making Lady Emilia more discouraged, not less, Barusu,” Ram sighed. “—
Though for once, that isn’t really your fault.”

 

Emilia winced, but Ram was correct. She was absolutely correct…

 

[“I have to let her see my cool side by showing her some results,” Subaru huffed. “I
NEED to take advantage of this windfall…”]

 

“Oh do you, now?” Rom asked mildly.

 

Subaru didn’t take the bait at all.

 

Ferris frowned. Teasing Subaru was no fun if he didn’t respond to it.

 

[“Here,“ an elderly woman declared, giving him some dried fruit. “Eat this and live
strong.”]



 

Felt blinked. “Wow,” she said.

 

In a place where food was often difficult to come across…just how pitiable did Subaru look,
in the eyes the local slum-dwellers?

 

[“Wow!” Subaru smiled gratefully. “Thanks!”]

 

[I don’t think I’m courageous enough to put this in my mouth, though…!]

 

“Please don’t go eating random offerings from strangers,” Julius pleaded. “It’ll end up giving
you a horrible stomachache, one of these days—!”

 

“Subaru-kyun does like to act like a particularly stupid child, sometimes?” Ferris giggled.

 

Subaru didn’t respond to that, either. Ferris’ face fell in disappointment.

 

[“Guess I’ll just feed it to Puck or something,” Subaru decided. “Come here kitty-
kitty~” He started clicking his tongue, offering out the miscellaneous dried fruit like a
treat for a stray.

 

“Subaru…!” Julius really was going to have a heart attack, if he kept watching Subaru treat
the Beast of the End like a harmless pet kitty.

 

“Subaru…” Emilia said, disapproving of the action for an entirely different reason.

 

[“Please don’t give him anything strange,” her onscreen self sighed, echoing her present
self’s trepidations. “It’d be a real pain if he were to get a taste for it.”]

 



“That kid’s really going around using Great Spirits as trash disposals, isn’t he?” Ricardo
chortled. Julius gripped his hair so hard he dimly feared that he might tear it out at the roots.

 

[“If you think that I’m going to fall for these cheap tricks that only work when feeding
strays, then you’re sorely mistaken,” Puck added.]

 

[I know he says he’s a spirit, and all — but I really can’t see him as anything more than a
particularly peculiar cat.]

 

“He’s NOT!” Julius shouted, angry and scared all at once. “That is NOT a CAT, you absolute
IDIOT…!”

 

[That girl also feels like she’s treating him more like a pet than a spirit, really, with a
response like that.]

 

“Ya have to admit, Jules,” Anastasia grinned. “He’s right about that.”

 

Julius didn’t care. He really, really didn’t care—!

 

[“The way you’re saying it,“ Subaru noted. “You sound to me like a character flag
where you’ve been completely hooked in…” And if I press the right buttons now, I can
get a prize!]



“Character flag?” Anastasia questioned.

 

Subaru didn’t answer her. She filed the question away for later.

 

[“Hmmph,” Puck pouted. “You can only say these things to me now. Just you wait until
I unleash my true strength, you shall regret all of your careless remarks…
Meowmeowmeow !”]

 



“Subaru—!” Julius shouted, darting to his feet immediately at the sudden movement. It
wasn’t like he could do anything, but—!

 

[“You sure are damn good at raising and triggering flags…” Subaru grinned. All bark
and no bite, I see!]

 

[“It pains me to admit it...” Puck sighed, batting at the makeshift cat toy the boy had
dangled over his nose. “But I really can’t resist playing with it...!”]

 

[Nearby, Emilia couldn’t help giggling at their antics.]

 

Julius nearly collapsed backwards in relief. He felt dizzy. Frederica felt a little bad: she
couldn’t help but giggle at his antics.

 

“It’s kinda amazing, to see the Beast of the End acting like a cute little kitten,” Hetaro
giggled.

 

“I wanna play, too…” Mimi pouted.

 

“Onee-chan,” Tivey pleaded. “Please, don’t follow that idiot’s example—”



For one thing, Tivey wasn’t sure that Julius’ heart would be able to take it.

 

[Subaru was grinning at her smiling face. Discreetly, he gave Puck a thumbs-up — to
which Puck gave a discreet nod, in return.]

 

[That girl looks far better with a smile on her face, he thought triumphantly. On that, the
two of us are in agreement!]

 



Emilia really was lucky, Crusch thought with a smile. It was rare to find a retainer who cared
so much about making their Lady smile, just for the sake of it.

 

It was rarer still, for that retainer to find YOU.

 

[“For some unknown reason, the people in the slums are very nice to me!” Subaru
crowed happily. “Has my charm stat finally been adjusted? I haven’t felt so loved since
I was in preschool!”]

 

“It’s probably because he’s so filthy,” Felt snickered. “I think he looks worse off than most of
the people living in the slums.”

 

“It really is a sight to behold,” Anastasia sighed, resting her chin in the palm of her hand as
she braced her elbow against the armrest of her seat. “The graceful Royal Candidate and the
strange foreign nobody she appears to have pulled out from a dumpster somewhere.”

 

Ram scoffed.

 

[“Well you do have your evil-looking eyes, short ears, and flat nose on your face…”]



[“I could have gone without the evil eyes and flat nose descriptions!”]

 

[“Hmm… It probably has something to do with the way you look and are dressed right
now. You’re covered in dust and dirt and there are even traces of blood. The people who
live here also have it hard, so they must look at you in pity and can’t help but be kind to
you…”]

 

[“Right now you’re doing a good job at making me feel as bad as I look! But you’re
right! It makes perfect sense! Damn it all!”]

 

“I think you’re very pretty, Subaru,” Emilia tried to insist.



 

“Nyaww, isn’t that sweet?” Ferris cooed, putting his hands together in an exaggerated
swooning motion as he tried yet again. “Doesn’t it just make nyew so giddy, to knyow that
nyer otherworldly fantasy things that nyer soooo pretty, Subaru-kyun? …Subaru-kyun?”

 

Subaru didn’t even answer. Had he even registered that Emilia had spoken? He was staring at
the meteor, tense as a tripwire from head to toe…

 

[“Well, don’t worry too much,” Subaru declared with a smile, trying to cheer up an
Emilia who had been constantly chased off due to her good looks and clean clothes.
“You can leave this to me! Anyways, what with the fruits of my labor, we’ll soon have
her cornered, so let’s keep chasing after that criminal. So yeah, with the fruits of my
labor, we’ll soon have her cornered! So let’s…keep…searching!”]

 

[“I understand that you’re happy to be useful for once, but it’s really lame when you
put so much emphasis on yourself like that.”]

 

“Look at all those poses, Subaru-kyun!” Ferris praised loudly. “What’s nyer secret? Do nyew
practice them in the mirror every day? Do nya take nyer inspiration from statues, or perhaps
professional circus performers? We’ve gotta knyow~!”

 

“I wanna try!” Mimi said, jumping to her feet. “So, is it like this—?”

 

“Onee-chan, please—!” Tivey cried.

 

[“I’m sorry, but it looks like my time is already up,” Puck sighed.]

 

Crusch put a hand to her face, covering her smile. It was silly and somewhat pathetic, sure,
but…there was a certain innocence to this display that she found utterly charming. Perhaps
this is why Wilhelm speaks of him so, she thought to herself.

 



“What an embarrassment,” Ram sighed, arms crossed. “Isn’t he, sister?”

 

Even as everyone else had giggled and teased and poked at Subaru for his embarrassing
behavior, Rem’s look of pure suspicion had not wavered once, her gaze alternating between
the meteor and the boy in the jar. She would not let her guard down, she wouldn’t.

 

Frederica watched the twins with a  frown, and then silently turned back to the meteor. It
wasn’t her place to interfere in the affairs between siblings.

 

[“Leave it to me! I won’t let any dangerous guys near her after you disappear!”]

 

[“Wait, does that mean it’s okay for me to wipe you off the face of the Earth before I
disappear?”]

 

“NO—!” Julius shouted, momentarily forgetting that this was a memory and moving forward
to leap between Subaru and the Beast of the End.

 

“Juli, he’s joking!” Ferris squawked, grabbing his wrist. “He’s joking, he’s just kidding! He
LIKES Subaru-kyun!”

 

[“Now it’ll just be the two of us… But don’t get any ideas. I can still use magic, you
know.”]

 

[“Hey, the last time I was alone with a girl was in elementary school. I’m not really
capable of doing anything. Haven’t you been paying attention to my lack of human
skills thus far?”]

 

[Emilia was convinced.]

 

“I don’t think Subaru could do anything to ya if he tried,” Ricardo chuckled. “Not like…
this.”



 

It was becoming something of a wonder, how this little daydreaming kid could possibly have
accomplished the things he did. Would they find out the answer to that, he wondered…?

 

Unsung Hero, the voice had said.

 

Ricardo supposed that they probably would.

 

“Subaru would never try to hurt me,” Emilia said reproachfully. “He’s a good boy. I know
that by now.”

 

[“I’ll be the vanguard,” Emilia said. “So you just keep your eyes on what’s behind us. If
anything happens, call me right away. You mustn’t think you can handle everything on
your own. I don’t want to be mean…but you’re really weak.”]

 

[“Well, when you put it that way, it’s hard to get angry about it…”]

 

“Not exactly the typical knight-Lady dynamic,” Julius teased. “Aren’t you supposed to be the
one protecting her…?”

 

Subaru didn’t respond, still far too tense. The Finest Knight’s smile faded slightly in
disappointment.

 

[“…just how exactly do you want to approach this?” Subaru asked Emilia.]

 

[“We’re going to be direct and honest,” she answered. “We’ll just say, ‘We’ve had
something stolen from us, so if you can find it, please return it to us.’”]

 

[“…Alright, I’ve got it. But leave it to me.”]



 

[“Alright. I’ll leave it to you.”]

 

“That’s so naive,” Anastasia said reproachfully. “Ya really thought you’d get yer insignia
back that easily?”

 

“I don’t see why I’d have to pay for something that was stolen from me,” Emilia replied,
crossing her arms. “Giving it back would be the decent thing for a person to do.”

 

Anastasia just shook her head.

 

[Subaru had been apparently very taken aback by Emilia’s willingness to let him handle
the negotiations.]


 

[“Going by everything that’s happened so far,” he was saying. “I imagined you’d say
something like, ‘Do you really expect me to just let a good-for-nothing like you, whose
only ability is to convert oxygen into carbon dioxide, handle something this important?
Don’t make me laugh! I’d expect a dog to do a better job than you!’ Then I, while hurt,
would use the opportunity to renew my determination.”]

 

“Huh?!” Emilia exclaimed, looking slightly wounded at the accusation.



[“I would never say something that mean!” Emilia agreed on the screen.]

 

Julius stared at their exchange for a moment, and then turned to Subaru in his jar. “…What
kinds of romance novels were you reading, exactly?” he asked.

 

Subaru turned scarlet, finally snapped out of his growing panic by the sheer mortification of
that question.

 



Ricardo coughed into his fist, trying desperately to stop wheezing. “I think ya can take a
guess, Julius…”

 

“I could have guessed without it being spelled out that blatantly,” Otto muttered.

 

“Don’t pretend like you’re any better, merchant,” Ram said. Otto turned pink. “Both of you
are such ridiculous masochists that it’s an embarrassment.”

 

[“You know,” Subaru wheedled. “If instead of that last part you had just looked up at
me and said, ‘Please, do your best for my sake,’ I would have been totally pumped up to
do this, you know?”]

 

[“I can’t force myself to say something like that…but, good luck.”]

 

“I can respect the persistence,” Anastasia giggled, hand over her mouth.

 

“I can’t tell if he wants her to step on him or lavish him with praise or what,” Ricardo
chortled. “Young men these days, I tell you…”

 

“Probably all of the above,” Ferris grinned. “Subaru-kyun just wants to be Lady Emilia’s
loyal lil’ puppy, and get aaall of her attention for as long as she—”

 

“Would you SHUT UP already?!” Subaru cried.

 

[“Uhm, is anybody home? Oh wait, the door’s open…”]

 

As everyone else continued to pile on poor Subaru, Felt and Rom both froze in their seats.

 

Reinhard noticed. “Lady Felt?”



Rom answered in his granddaughter’s stead. “I wouldn’t have left the door open like that,” he
hissed.

 

Reinhard’s face drained of color. “Did SHE—!”

 

Things were so different from what the three of them remembered that the real villain of that
day had completely slipped their minds. They had perhaps subconsciously assumed that she
simply wouldn’t make an appearance in this version of events, whatever this was. But if she
was here—!

 

[“Okay, well then, I’ll go take a look. I don’t think I’ll be gone too long, but you can go
ahead and eat without me.”]

 

[“Oh, stop being so stupid. Be careful, alright?”]

 

[“Gotcha. Also, Satella? Don’t come in until I call you — okay?”]

 

Frederica flinched, recoiling at the incredibly uncanny sound of Subaru calling his beloved
Emilia such a wicked name.

 

Garfiel hissed sharply through his teeth. “Forgot you gave him that pseudonym.”

 

[As had Emilia herself, apparently, who was now staring back up at Subaru with a look
of wide-eyed horror.]

 

[“What’s wrong?” he asked innocently.]

 

[“—It’s nothing,” she decided. “Once you get my badge back, I’ll apologize properly.”]

 



[“I don’t know what you’re planning on apologizing for, but I’d rather hear a ‘thank
you’ instead. It would be even better if that thank you came with a smile!”]

 

[“You dummy.”]

 

“Bet she’s regretting it now,” Ram sighed. “Really, Lady Emilia, the only one to blame in that
situation is…”

 

“I really didn’t do any such thing,” Emilia insisted. “…Though if I did, I would be inclined to
agree with you.”

 

“You’re so lucky Captain had no idea what you said,” Garfiel snickered.

 

“I really don’t like that he didn’t know,” Otto whined, clutching his hat. “That’s like a mouse
not knowing to avoid a wildcat…!”

 

“I’d never hurt Subaru!” Emilia protested, recoiling at the thought.

 

“What in Od Laguna are you suggesting, merchant?” Ram snapped.

 

“That’s not what I—!” Otto spluttered. “Lady Emilia, I didn’t think— but HE didn’t know
that!”

 

Garfiel cackled at Otto’s fumbling.





[“I’ll give him a proper apology when I get my insignia back,” Emilia’s voice insisted
faintly — too faint for the Subaru onscreen to hear.]

 



[“I don’t know what you’re trying to apologise for,” Puck’s equally quiet voice replied.
“It’s be nicer to give him a thank-you rather than a sorry. And if that gets you smiling
some more, then that’d be fantastic.”]

 

Emilia nodded. Puck’s logic was as sound as it always was, there. It was always much better
to hear “thank you” than sorry” — and likewise, it meant more to say it, too.

 

[“You dummy,” she sighed. “Though… I’m way, way more of a dummy than you…”]

 

“Ya really are,” Anastasia sighed. Emilia couldn’t help but agree with her, too.

 

[“Hm?”]

 

[Subaru had already entered the Loot House, illuminated solely by the legumite crystal
Emilia had given him to use as a candle. He was staring down at — his feet, for some
reason. “What is this…?” he murmured, reaching down with two fingers  to touch the
bottom of his sneaker, wiping — something off.]



Ricardo sucked in a breath, immediately recognizing the sight of blood. “Oh no,” he
whispered.



Tivey sucked in a breath. “He doesn’t even know—!”



In his cage, Subaru had gone completely still. Beatrice was the only one to notice. “Subaru?”
she whispered, too quietly for anyone else to hear.

 

“…He’ll be fine,” Mimi said confidently. “He’s here with us right now, right? So he’ll be
fine!”



[— The light moved to illuminate the source: the massive corpse of a giant, throat
slashed clean open, eyes wide and defiant to the end.]

 



Felt screamed, recoiling backwards so violently that she nearly fell over and cracked open her
head. Reinhard was by her side in an instant. Rom swore loudly, shooting to his feet at the
sight of his own mutilated corpse. “Felt—!” Reinhard called out, alarm so clear in his voice
that, for once, he forgot to call her by her title. “Felt, please, it’s alright!”

 

”What—?!” Frederica shrieked.

 

“What the—!” Garfiel exclaimed, all mischief abruptly wiped off his face. Next to him, Otto
had suddenly gone pale for a reason far different than nervousness at having accidentally
insulted Emilia.

 

“What the FUCK—?!” Rachins shouted, horrified eyes glued to the meteor. “But that’s not—
he’s not — you’re NOT—!”

 

“Od Laguna!” Crusch cried, taken completely off guard by the vicious sight.

 

“What the hell is that?!” Ricardo roared.

 

“What is the meaning of this?!” Ram demanded, her face drawn pale.

 

[“…Well, you found it,” a woman’s voice said. “That’s just too bad. Now I have no
choice, yes, no choice at all.”]

 

Garfiel squeaked, recognizing the last voice he would have expected to hear at a time like
this. “E-Elsa?!” he stammered.

 

“The Bowel Hunter?!” Otto cried, staring at Garfiel with wide eyes.

 

“WHAT?!” Julius shouted.

 



[“That’s just too bad. Now I have no choice, yes, no choice at all.”]

 

[“Gwah!” Subaru was suddenly knocked to the ground by — something, where he
started to convulse.]

 

“CAPTAIN!” Garfiel cried.

 

[“Gu…i…it’s hot…”]

 

[Subaru’s belly had been slashed open.]

 

Ferris gasped. “That’s fatal,” he said aloud. “That’s fatal, and — and there’s nyobody around
—”

 

“Subaru-dono gets out of this,” Wilhelm insisted, though even he was staring at the meteor
with every muscle clenched. “He gets out of this. He’s here now, so we know he gets out of
it…”

 

[Subaru didn’t look like he was going to get out of it. He was coughing and concluding,
vomiting blood out onto the floor in front of him as he pitifully spasmed, all alone in a
world far from home. You’ve got to be kidding me, he whimpered inwardly. All this…is
mine?]

 

[“—baru?”]

 

“Emilia’s there,” Garfiel insisted, fists clenched. “Emilia’s there. She — she can heal him.
She’ll save him. That’s how — that’s how he survives.”

 

“Why don’t I remember this?” Emilia whimpered, staring at the meteor with growing horror.
“Why don’t I—?”



 

[“N…No…” Subaru tried to croak out. “R…Run!”]

 

[—Emilia screamed, and then fell with a thud to the floor.]



Frederica made a horrified noise.

 

“No!” Otto cried out, gripping his head. “No— Emilia!”

 

[With the last of his energy, Subaru moved to grasp her hand. Her fingers twitched,
moving towards his.]

 

[“Just you wait…” he wheezed, defiant to the end. “I’m going to…find a way…to
save…”]

 

[And with that, Natsuki Subaru was dead.]

 

Everyone stared at the meteor in muted disbelief.

 

“…What the fuck was that?!” Felt demanded, still visibly frazzled from the shock of seeing
her guardian dead. “Is this some kind of sick joke?!”

 

”What on Earth was that about?!” Frederica agreed, voice unusually hot with anger. “Such a
surreal scene — and for what?!”

 

“So none of his happened, right?” Rachins declared. “F-Forgetting is one thing, or
misremembering, or whatever, but — that old fart sure as shit ain’t dead, I know that much!”

 



”So would I, as I’m right here!” Rom snapped. Felt clutched at his hand, and he clutched hers
right back.

 

“This has to be a joke,” Julius agreed, visibly shaken. “This is — forgive me for saying this,
but this appears to be nothing but nonsense.”

 

“Utter BULLSHIT is the word you’re looking for,” Garfiel snapped, looking incredibly
upset. “Why the hell did I have to see that?! I didn’t want to see that!”

 

“Did we really get dragged here for something that nonsensical?” Ram agreed, her voice
unusually nasty and her eyes unusually cold. Rem inched away from her very slightly,
looking like she very much thought this whole situation was the world’s bizarrest fever dream
— which, to be fair, may very well have been the case. “That was disgusting. I had no need
to view such a thing. If this circus act is all that was required of me, then I wish to return to
the manor.”

 

“I didn’t nyeed to see that, either!” Ferris spat, bristling from head to toe. He looked like he
was very suddenly on a hair trigger — a far cry from his teasy, playful attitude just a few
moments before. “What the hell was that?! I didn’t nyeed— let go of me! I don’t want—
don’t want—”

 

“Ferris,” Wilhelm tried to calm, but it was little use. This may have been because he, too, was
shaking in frightened rage. Was that a THREAT?! he wanted to roar at the conductor of this
deranged show — but his younger colleague needed him to be calm, so he was trying his
best.

 

“My knight is correct,” Crusch managed, looking rather angry herself. “That vision was
utterly inappropriate. I had no desire to see my — ally — struck down in such a manner, or
with such detail. If this is supposed to be some sort of prank, then it is in very poor taste!”

 

“I’ve met folks with pretty sick senses of humor before, but this was over the line!” Ricardo
snapped. “We may not have much of a relationship with that boy, but if you think we’d find
something like that FUNNY—”

 



Mimi made a strangled choking sound.

 

“Onee-chan?” Hetaro asked tentatively. Tivey was already pressing himself against her side.

 

“If that is all,” Reinhard said coldly, having reached a rare moment of anger himself. “Then I
would much appreciate it if you let us leave.”

 

“Subaru…?” Beatrice squeaked out, wide eyes fixated not on the meteor, but on the shivering
form of the man trapped on the other side of the glass. Her hands reached out to him, but they
were only able to press against the clear sheen of the barrier between them.

 

“Su…” Emilia choked out, still staring at the black void as she shook with fright.
“Subaru…?”

 

Roswaal stared forward with utter confusion.

 

Otto said nothing at all.

 

Anastasia remained silent, staring intently at the meteor as it faded back from black.

 

[“What’s wrong man?” a familiar voice said. “You’re staring off into space.”]

 

“—What?” Wilhelm said. Ferris stopped struggling. Everyone fell silent, heads whipping
back to the meteor at the front of the room.

 

In the back of the room, Roswaal’s eyes widened in realization.

 

[“No— I mean,” Subaru was stammering, visibly bewildered. “Didn’t I tell you
already? I’m forever and everlastingly broke…”]



 

[“You kidding me?!” Kadomon complained. “I’ve had enough of you wasting my time.
Get out of here!”]

 

[And Subaru was pushed aside, left to figure out his own confusion on his own.]

 

Felt snorted. “Okay, so,” she said authoritatively. Everyone turned to face her. “We’re all in
agreement that this is a load of dragon shit, right?”

 

“There’s no way that happened,” Reinhard confirmed, that rare anger turning his words cold.
“I’m not sure why we were asked to see something this distasteful, but — Rom-san is alive
and well.”

 

Rom snorted. “I can definitely attest to that,” he confirmed.

 

“Barusu is also alive,” Ram agreed, in the same steely tone. “As is Lady Emilia. The only
conclusion I can draw here is that this is some sort of sick joke.”

 

”A joke made in very poor taste indeed,” Frederica muttered.

 

“I don’t want to watch this anymore,” Emilia pleaded, still shaking slightly. The image of her
beloved knight, lying in a puddle of his own blood and vomit… “I don’t — want to see
something like that again.” 

 

“Agreed,” Ram said simply. The assertive nonchalance of her support made Emilia relax, just
the slightest bit. “If we’re quite done here—”

 

“I don’t think it’s that simple,” Ricardo growled, all of his previous mirth having evaporated
like morning mist at noon. “We can’t leave until that — thing — is satisfied, remember?”

 



“Oh, for fuck’s sake,” Rachins hissed, massaging his temple. Julius had to bite back the urge
to echo his vulgar words, but the sentiment was much the same.

 

“This is unspeakably crass,” Wilhelm bit out, shaking with his effort to contain his rage at the
image of — Subaru — being left in such a horrible state. “If I ever learn who’s responsible
for this facade, I will cut them down myself.”

 

“I’m not sure why we’d be asked to see something like this without there being a reason,”
Anastasia interrupted carefully. “I’d at least like to understand why our captor thought it
necessary to draw us here.”

 

“I’m fairly certain that the answer is simply that this thing has a sick sense of humor,” Crusch
snarled, a rare vulgar disgust having spread across her face. “‘Unsung hero’ — and then it
shows us THAT?? A sick sense of humor is the only way to describe it.”

 

“So it’s decided,” Felt declared. “We’ll put up with this nonsense for the moment, and then
we’ll reconvene in Priestella, make sure whatever sick fuck is in charge here can’t bother us
again, and forget this crap ever happened. Right, Subaru? —Subaru?”

 

Everyone turned to stare at the subject of this viewing experience, still silently stuck in his
oversized glass jar.

 

Subaru…did not look like this had been a load of dragon shit.

 

“Subaru,” Crusch finally said, voice tense. “Did this— Did that actually happen?”

 

Subaru stared back at the Duchess of the Karsten Estate, visibly petrified beyond words. The
look on his face was enough of an answer.

 

Rom’s eyes widened. Anastasia hissed softly to herself. If all of this had really happened to
Subaru, then there was really only one thing it could be—



 

Nobody else had realized what those two had — not yet. The two of them could both tell by
the growing sense of confusion on everyone’s faces as they grappled with this strange
conundrum. If they had thought to look at one another, perhaps they would have recognized
each other as kindred spirits in this moment, but alas.

 

How could something have both happened and not happened? How could the same series of
events play out more than once, with just a bit of variation in between? Why would such a
paradox only occur for a singular person, with nobody else able to remember that series of
events?

 

“What…” Emilia asked tentatively. “What’s going on, then?”

Chapter End Notes

Side Stories included: [The Awkward Duo]

Side Stories referenced: [Ram’s Flirting Refusal], [Behind the Scenes of Life in Another
World From Zero], [Felt-chan’s Job] and [Emilia’s Capital Touring Chronicle]

And so it begins…

This was kind of the equivalent of all of these people being told “watch this cute puppy
show” and then — without warning — seeing the cute puppy get killed violently
onscreen.

Just so y’all know — I might not be able to reply to everyone’s comments so fast now
that finals have started 😅 but I want all of you to know that I read every single one, and
I appreciate all of them very much!



Chapter 3: If You Don’t Wanna Get Hurt… (Arc 1, Part 2)
Chapter Summary

Slowly, the audience begins to figure out what exactly is going on here.

Chapter Notes

Happy New Year! To start it off right, here’s the next chapter! ;) Hope you enjoy!

See the end of the chapter for more notes

[“If you don’t wanna get hurt, cough up everything you’ve got!”]

 

“…Uh,” Rachins said, staring up at a scene that was now reminiscent of two different
memories, and that had also definitely never actually happened. “What?”

 

Felt crossed her arms, a sour look on her face. “Still not convinced this isn’t some sort of
prank,” she muttered. Frederica huffed in quiet, disgruntled agreement.

 

Reinhard pressed his lips together. He would have said so himself, but…

 

In his cage, Subaru watched the meteor with a muted, tense sort of panicked anticipation.
Reinhard watched him bristle silently for a moment before turning back to watch the
unfamiliar scene play out.

 

[“In other words, now that you’ve found me alone, you want to get revenge, is that it?”
Subaru was saying, exasperated. “I understand that you want to kick me when I’m
down, but this really isn’t the time for me to be dealing with you…!”]

 



“Are ya sure this one is false?” Rom asked calmly.

 

“Uh,” Rachins faltered.

 

[“Ah, is that right? Everything I’ve got. Gotcha. I’m in a hurry, so that’s fine with me,
really…”]

 

“Absolutely,” Rachins decided. “Never happened.”

 

Anastasia pressed her lips together and said nothing more.

 

Mimi noticed, glancing up from her place in Anastasia’s lap. “Did milady figure out what’s
going on?” she whispered.

 

“…Can’t say for certain,” Anastasia answered delicately. She scratched the demihuman’s
scalp in the same way that always soothed her when she got worried. “It’ll be alright, Mimi,
just try to keep a clear head.”

 

[“Now get down on all fours and act like a dog, crying ‘help me, help me’!” Camberley
said gleefully.]

 

Frederica choked. “Wha—?!”

 

“Oi!” Garfiel barked.

 

Julius sighed, crossing his arms. “He’s not letting THAT one go…”

 

“Nor would I,” Wilhelm said. “A man must defend his pride, after all.”

 



Anastasia shook her head, rolling her eyes ever so slightly. “Boys.”

 

[“Don’t get cocky, you idiots!” Subaru snarled, and he suddenly threw himself forward.
“—And you first! Guys like you who don’t know the preciousness of life can go to
hell!”]

 

[Unlike before, however, he went for Rachins first, uppercutting him in the jaw and
slamming him into the nearest wall with all his might, knocking him out instantly.
Camberley soon followed suit, kicked across the chest and slammed into the bricks
opposite his friend.]

 

“Oi!” Rachins yelped. Felt whistled appreciatively nearby.

 

Julius’ eyes widened. “That was surprisingly skilled,” he noted. “And you’d really never
been in a fight before?”

 

“Just…” Subaru swallowed, still tense. “Just mock spars. With— With my dad.”

 

Wilhelm nodded, quietly forming his first idea of what Subaru’s father must have been like in
his head. Some sort of fighter, then? …It was odd, in that case, that Subaru wouldn’t really
have inherited any of his paternal side’s fighting prowess. As fortunate as this incident had
been, perhaps, Wilhelm still remembered that period of training that Subaru had managed to
beg out of him during his brief stay at the Karsten Estate, and how Subaru’s ability in a spar
had been painfully average.

 

[“Hey, hey! What’s with a surprise attack like that?!” Gaston tried to grab him and
avenge his fallen friends, only for Subaru to grab his arm and twist with both hands.]

 

“Not a bad technique,” Wilhelm murmured appreciatively.

 

[Subaru slammed his knee upwards into Gaston’s junk.]



 

Wilhelm choked.

 

“OI!” Rachins cried.

 

Ram started laughing. Frederica couldn’t decide whether to aim her disapproving stare at
Subaru or Ram.

 

“Ooof,” Ricardo groaned, watching Gaston croak quietly in shock and agony. Several other
male members of the audience hastily crossed their legs, wincing. “No mercy that time
around, huh, kid?”

 

“I think it was a fair shot,” muttered Otto, who was quickly becoming infamous for not
playing fair. Garfiel shrugged, wincing in sympathy but not necessarily disagreeing with
either of his older brother figures. Julius gave them both a heavy side-eye.

 

[Gaston had immediately lost all of his will to fight. As Subaru let go of his arm, the
man stumbled awkwardly to the side, leaning against the wall as he attempted to
recover from the shock.]

 

[“Well that was easy!” Subaru huffed, striking a pose. “In this world, evil never
triumphs! —I’m in a hurry, so don’t get in my way again!”]

 

“‘Evil never triumphs’ — after a shot to the nuts?!” Rachins protested loudly.

 

Ferris giggled, pushing his past panic to the side in favor of teasing his junior knight. “Nyes,
evil nyever triumphs, Subaru-kyun! —Seriously, do nyew practice those poses in every
mornying or something…?”

 

“Will you give me a break already?!”

 



“All those people were there,” Garfiel said crossly, watching Subaru exit the alley to a crowd
of shocked-looking onlookers. “And not a single one of them stepped in??”

 

“Not like they needed to!” Rachins squawked. “Man, what the hell was that?! You were
playing DIRTY! A surprise attack like that— and then a kick to the balls like that?! Do you
have no— what the HELL, man?!”

 

“Ya can’t go calling for your own target to be gentle with you, ya dumbass.” Felt elbowed
him hard enough to earn a yelp. “You lot were playing pretty dirty too, weren’t ya? Three on
one, picking an easy mark— don’t go asking for the guy you chose to rob to go easy on ya,
now. Sheesh!”

 

“I— But— It’s not—!” Rachins spluttered, a red and sour look on his face. “I’m NOT being
SORE!”

 

Reinhard politely covered his mouth to muffle his quiet laughter nearby.

 

“Oh be quiet,” Subaru scoffed, rolling his eyes. “You get me back for it next time around, so
stop complaining already.”

 

“Next…?” Julius suddenly felt his face drain of blood as it clicked into place.

 

The return to an old setting. The repetition of events, from Subaru’s point of view. The
erasure of Subaru’s injuries. The change in time, to a point earlier in the day. The
obliviousness of the other parties, as if nothing past a certain point had ever happened to
them at all.

 

And the trigger for all of it had been—!

 

Julius found himself starting to move forward, towards the jar on the other side of the room.
“Subaru—!”



 

A hand suddenly gripped his wrist, stopping him from moving any further. Julius looked back
to see Anastasia’s eyes fixed on him, dark and serious. He could tell just by her expression
that she had already figured it out.

 

Of course she had. Lady Anastasia was a brilliant woman.

 

“Lady Anastasia…” he croaked.

 

“I know,” she whispered. “But now is not the time for it. Wait.”

 

…Julius sank back down into his seat, all of his energy draining out of him at once. He
buried his face in his hands.

 

The knight felt someone clap him on the shoulder. He slowly glanced upwards to see Ricardo
looking down at him, a grim look on his face.

 

Nearby, Wilhelm was trying desperately not to freak out as he, too, connected the dots.

 

Subaru…

 

Subaru had…

 

How many times had it been?

 

The way Subaru had said that just now— It hadn’t just been a one time thing, had it? The
Sword Demon gripped the seat of his armrest. How many times had that boy gone and—!

 



Wilhelm suddenly remembered a comment he had once made to Felix about Subaru’s eyes.
“They said that he has crossed the boundary of death,” he had said. “Many come close to the
line, stop, and then draw back, but…those are the eyes of one who has crossed once, no…
several times, and returned.”

 

The Sword Demon suddenly started violently. Felix—!

 

He glanced at Felix, sitting by his side. The healer still looked blessedly confused. Wilhelm
silently thanked Od Laguna for that small blessing. As soon as his younger colleague were to
figure this one out—

 

Wilhelm took a deep breath, settling down in his seat again. For Subaru-dono to have gone
through something that severe and come out on the other end is truly commendable, he
reminded himself. He had already known, of course, that Subaru was worthy of praise: all
this meant was that he had yet again underestimated the man who had granted him his
greatest wish. Beyond that, nothing had changed.

 

Otto inhaled slowly as he tried desperately not to scream. He couldn’t scream. He couldn’t
yell. He couldn’t cry. He couldn’t— Frederica, Garfiel, Ram, Emilia, Beatrice, all of them
were right there—!

 

He exhaled through his teeth. The thought of Subaru— He couldn’t jump to conclusions yet.
Right. His job was to protect Natsuki-san and everyone else from the shadows, so that they
could walk peacefully in the light. He couldn’t have— He couldn’t have failed in that. He
knew he hadn’t. He would have known if he had, he knew he’d know. There must have been
— a couple accidents, maybe, from before they had met. Otto was here now. Otto wouldn’t…

 

He wrapped his arms around his chest. He hoped that nobody could see him shaking.

 

How did Natsuki-san end up like this? Was it a side effect, of some sort, of being transported
from beyond the Great Waterfall? …How many times had he—? All of those questions were
important, he knew, and that was why he circled them around in his head. But those were all
distractions and even he knew it, because there was only one real question on his mind.

 



Why didn’t he ever tell me?

 

—Otto couldn’t ask Subaru anything right now. There were too many people around. And if
the other camps figured this out—!

 

”Otto.”

 

Otto flinched violently. Frederica had placed a comforting hand on his shoulder, the look on
her face both soft and grave.

 

Otto took a deep breath. Exhaled. “I’m fine,” he managed. “I-I’m…”

 

Rem took a slow, deep breath through her nose as that man’s words sunk in. Next time, he had
said. Then this wasn’t some sort of future sight. This was reality — at least for him. And that
meant…

 

Rem had been right to not let her guard down. She had been absolutely right.

 

[“Don’t freak out, don’t freak out, don’t freak out…” Subaru rambled to himself,
having reached the Loot House while his audience was busy trying to put the pieces
together about what was going on. He knocked on the door. “Hey! Is anyone there?!”]

 

“It’s locked,” Felt pointed out, an observation that would have seemed stupidly obvious if not
for — what they had just witnessed. She was sitting upright in her seat, tense as a coiled
spring. “Old Man Rom— He would have kept it locked. It’s— That’s a good thing.”

 

“Of course it is, brat,” Rom said. He, too, was as rigid as a board. Felt gripped his hand. He
didn’t say anything. “I never would have left that door…”
 

Reinhard wordlessly placed a hand on her shoulder. She didn’t slap him away like she
normally might have.



 

[Subaru wasn’t about to give up. “Someone I know is in there!” he cried. “Someone I
know is— Come on, answer me, please—!”]

 

[“CUT IT OUT ALREADY!” a familiar voice boomed, just before Old Man Rom
slammed open the door.]

 

Felt exhaled a long sigh of relief, sinking back down into her chair. “Thank fuck,” she
whispered.

 

Reinhard did not have the heart to scold her for her language this time around. If he himself
was relieved to see his face, he couldn’t even imagine…

 

Crusch stared at the screen intently. The old man was, indeed, still alive, which meant that he
must have never died in the first place. Except — Subaru remembered seeing him dead in the
dark, clear as day, and it was only thanks to such a memory that the boy was there at the Loot
House, now.

 

…A suspicion blossomed somewhere in the mind of the young Duchess. Could it be—?

 

[Rom was snarling, reaching out to swiftly pick Subaru up by the collar of his shirt with
one hand. “What are you doing?!” he demanded. “Trying to break the door down
because you don’t know the password?!”]

 

Julius squawked. “Subaru—!” he cried, eyes widening with panic as his stress levels spiked
once again. Was this how—?!

 

“Chill, chill,” Felt called over. She was visibly more relaxed than she had been a a few
seconds ago. “Old Man Rom wouldn’t hurt someone that pathetic-looking.”

 

“I’m not pathetic!”



 

”You’re a little pathetic,” Rom said. Subaru squawked.

 

[“For now at least, would you be so kind as to put me down?” Subaru squeaked out,
eyes wide as saucers and clearly having lost all of his will to fight at the giant’s show of
strength. “Let’s talk with both our feet on the ground…”]

 

Felt snorted. Subaru flushed, stammering to defend himself for a moment before giving up
entirely and returning his head to his knees.

 

Rom frowned. “That’s a very different attitude from the one I remember,” he said mildly.
“The Subaru I remember first meeting charged right in and demanded that I give him some
booze…”

 

“I would have thought that ya’d enjoy being picked up,” Ricardo commented, his voice
carefully casual. “Kids normally like that sort of thing, don’t they?”

 

“How old do you people think I am?!”

 

Frederica winced slightly. Far too young.

 

Julius gave a weak smile in Subaru’s direction. He couldn’t bring himself to tease him further
than that.

 

[Now sitting inside the Loot House, Subaru was shifting uneasily in his seat, looking
around the room as if he was having a hard time taking it in. Rom noticed his odd
behavior. “Why do you keep moving around like that?” he scoffed. “Your balls chafing
you that much?”]

 

[“Of course not, my boys are just fine!” Subaru defended, flushing pink. “But really?
That’s the first thing that comes out of your mouth in this situation?”]



 

[“Well, you interrupted my drinking time. I hope you have a good reason for coming
here. If not, that’s just terrible…”]

 

“A charming man,” Wilhelm commented wryly. Aside from his crassness, however, the
Sword Demon had yet to notice anything particularly concerning about the giant, and so he
remained relatively at ease in his seat.

 

Relatively. He was trying desperately not to think about — about what he had just figured
out.

 

Rom glanced back at Wilhelm for a moment, and then silently went back to watching the
meteor.

 

[“The sun’s just started to set and you’re already drinking?” Subaru commented,
folding his arms. “You’re going to die an early death if you keep that up.”]

 

“Do people not drink much, where you come from?” Otto asked, trying to keep his voice
level. “You’ve never been all that interested in alcohol, Natsuki-san.”

 

Subaru scoffed, shifting away from him self-consciously. After all this talk about his apparent
immaturity, he wasn’t that keen on restating the fact that he was technically still too young to
drink alcohol in his home country. “Why would I want to?” he retorted. “Alcohol’s gross, and
all it does is make you dumber. …Like that time you got super drunk, mistook a thorn bush
for an intruder, tried to fight it, and lost.”

 

Several people burst out laughing at the reveal of this tidbit about the Emilia Camp’s Officer
of Internal Affairs. Otto turned bright red. “Natsuki-san!” he squeaked.

 

”Bold words, from someone who charged in like you did,” Rom scoffed. “Don’t think I
forgot about that, kid.”

 



“Oh, shut up!”

 

[“This may sound a bit odd but, uh…” Subaru swallowed, and then asked his first real
question. “Old man…have you…died recently?”]



Frederica hissed. How would he respond to…?

 

Rom snorted.

 

“Of all the things to ask someone,” Felt sighed. “Do ya WANT to come off as a creep, Big
Bro?”

 

“Hey, it was an honest question!”

 

“This is not going to be the last time you wonder that, Lady Felt,” Ram chimed in. “Barusu
rarely does himself any favors…”

 

Nearby, Julius had sucked in a breath. “You get me back for it next time around,” Subaru had
said. That meant that this had to be — Subaru had to die at the end of this one.

 

And with him asking this very dangerous criminal such a suspicious question—!

 

[Even Subaru seemed to know how that sounded, having physically braced himself for
an odd reaction. But after a moment of staring at Subaru with wide eyes, Rom —
laughed.]

 

[“Ga-ha-ha-ha! I was wondering what you were going to say!” he grinned. “Now I may
be an old man with not much time left to live, but too bad, I haven’t died yet! Though
when you get to this age, I don’t imagine it being that far off… Want a drink?”]

 

[“Sorry, not right now…”]



 

Julius exhaled. Subaru was fine. Rom was even maintaining that same friendly attitude. He
was fine. This was fine.

 

“He seems a lot friendlier than I would have assumed,” Ram observed.

 

“He ain’t like that with everyone,” Felt waved off. “Big Bro got under his skin just right, I
reckon.”

 

Rom frowned. “I’m not sure how I feel about that judgement…”

 

Wilhelm knew exactly what that was like, and he was especially familiar with how Subaru
could get under the skin of old men like the two of them. He decided to refrain from saying
anything about it, if only to spare himself from Ferris’ teasing.

 

Crusch silently eyed Wilhelm, her line of thinking remarkably similar. Perhaps Subaru had a
talent for charming old men. —Frederica felt the ghost of a smile flitting across her face, her
mind drifting somewhere similar for the briefest of moments.

 

[“Rom, have you seen a silver-haired girl around here lately?” Subaru asked, having no
idea how conspicuous such an individual would be.]

 

Another suspicious question! Julius felt himself tense up all over again. Would this be the
thing that—?!

 

[“Silver hair…?” Rom frowned. “No, I can’t say I have. Silver hair is one of those
things that stands out in a bad way, too, so even if my memory is starting to fail me, I
don’t think I would have forgotten if I saw someone like that.”]

 

Julius relaxed again. He was fine. For now.

 



Ferris was side-eyeing him. “Nyew really nyeed to chill out, Juli,” he said.

 

[Subaru’s line of questioning was unbelievably suspicious, but Rom had continued to
responded with a level of ease and lightheartedness that kept the situation from
escalating. Instead, his eyes were focused on Subaru’s worried expression, and the way
he kept nervously looking around the room…]

 

[The giant set down a glass of alcohol in front of him. “Drink,” he ordered. “…Drink.” ]

 

“That— is shockingly kind,” Anastasia said, startled.

 

“Barusu must have looked like even more of a wreck than he usually does,” Ram said.
“Enough that even the local crime lords would take pity on his ugly face.”

 

Rom could see himself taking pity on a face like that, yes.

 

[“I’m sorry, but I don’t feel up to it right now,” Subaru was protesting. “Plus, I’m not
so much a little kid that I want to drink to act like I’m cool.”]

 

Wilhelm coughed into his fist.

 

“Aww, that’s probably one of the cutest ways ya could have responded to that!” Ricardo
teased. “Probably melted yer heart down on the spot, didn’t it, Old Man Rom~?”




”It likely did exactly that,” Rom chuckled, if only to see Subaru’s face turn a brighter shade
of red.

 

“Would you two shut up?!”

 



[“What are you talking about?” Rom retorted. “Drinking and acting up is exactly what
kids like you are supposed to do!”]

 

“Don’t listen to him,” Frederica ordered Garfiel sternly. Garfiel pouted.

 

Wilhelm chuckled. Such was exactly the purpose of youth, but he was not unwise enough to
get involved in a matter between siblings.

 

Ram suddenly realized that Rom must have assumed that Subaru was under the national
drinking age of fifteen, just like Emilia had throughout his first week at the Mathers’ Estate.
She started snickering.

 

[Subaru had been convinced. “Alright,” he said, picking up the glass. “Here goes…! —
AUGH! GAH! That’s terrible! It’s hot! It’s so bad! Ugh! Disgusting!”]

 

[“You don’t have to say it that many times!” Rom said, throwing up his hands. “Come
on! You’re going to lose out on half of the fun in life if you can’t understand how good
liquor tastes!”]

 

Wilhelm started laughing at the scowl on Subaru’s face, alcohol dripping down his chin as his
coughs and gags subsided. Ricardo was right there with him, cackling like mad.

 

“What kind of boy yer age doesn’t like alcohol?” the mercenary teased. “What, was it not
fruity enough for ya? Need one of those mini umbrellas?”

 

“Oh shush!” Subaru stuck his tongue out. “Only rotten adults guzzle down alcohol on the
regular anyway, everyone knows that!”



Rom opened his mouth to protest that label, but then he thought about it some more and
shrugged.






“Please don’t go calling random drunk people ‘rotten adults’, Subaru!” Julius pleaded, having
had to intervene in more than enough drunken brawls on his patrols to understand why going
and risking triggering drunken rages — in people several times Subaru’s size, no less! —
would be a bad idea.

 

Od Laguna, he hoped Subaru had not gone and done something like that already—!

 

[Rom’s gambit had paid off, however, because Subaru was now much more at ease than
he had been a few minutes before, finally announcing that he was ready to confront the
main reason he had come to the Loot House—]

 

[“I’m looking for a badge that has a jewel embedded in it,” he declared. “And I want
you to let me have it.”]

 

“‘I want you to let me have it’ ?” Anastasia echoed disapprovingly. “That’s such a naive way
of…”

 

“It’s not the worst thing he could have said,” Julius sighed.

 

[“A badge with a jewel…?” Rom mused. “I’m sorry, but no one’s brought in anything
like that.”]

 

[“Really? Think long and hard about it— you’re sure you’re not going senile yet?”]

 

“Would you STOP trying to antagonize—!”

 

“Juli, Juli— does Old Man Rom LOOK particularly annoyed to nyew?!”

 

[He did not. If anything, Old Man Rom looked very amused.]

 



Felt rolled her eyes. “Sometimes I wonder if he’s going senile myself,” she muttered.

 

”Wha-" Rom’s eyes widened. “What a thing to say about the man who’s been along care of
you for all these years!”

 

"—No.” Felt shook her head, looking like she hadn’t heard him at all. “No, he’s got plenty of
years left in him yet. We all know that…”

 

[It didn’t take long for them to reach the conclusion that Emilia’s insignia was Felt’s
newest mark, and that she would be bringing it in later that day. But Subaru’s proud
declaration of being absolutely penniless came by surprise.]

 

[“Then you’re out of luck!” Rom yelled, looking very taken aback.]

 

Rom snorted, imagining what must have been going through his head at a declaration like
that.

 

“Do you really have to go around saying that to all of your negotiating partners, Natsuki-
san?!” Otto cried, looking like he wanted to start pulling his hair out.

 

“Surprised he didn’t immediately throw him out of the bar at that,” Anastasia sighed. Then
she eyed the half-empty glass of alcohol sitting innocuously by Subaru’s arm. “…Maybe not
that surprised.”

 

[“Tsk, tsk, tsk!” Subaru responded, waggling his finger teasingly. “It’s true. I may not
have any money. However, in this world, you do not necessarily need money to obtain
things. There’s this wonderful system called ‘barter’ — have you heard of it?”]

 

Anastasia’s eyes widened. “Natsuki,” she said. “You weren’t seriously planning to—!”

 

[Subaru took out his cell phone.]



 

“…Od Laguna,” Anastasia managed.

 

“Subaru-dono,” Wilhelm said, turning to the subject with a serious look on his face. “You
were planning on bartering away — your meteor?”

 

Subaru shrugged, uncomfortable. “Thought it would get Emilia’s insignia back.”

 

Wilhelm stared at him, flabbergasted.

 

“That’s not a good deal,” Anastasia said. “That’s — REALLY not a good deal. What would
you have done if…?”

 

Emilia wouldn’t have even known who he was at this point. While it had been clear in the
last — loop — that she had started to plan to take him with her more and more near the end
of their time together, Subaru would have had no such bond with her now. And — he
wouldn’t have even been observant enough to realize that such had been her initial plan.

 

To give so much of himself, with the expectation of receiving so little in return—!

 

[“This object that I now raise up is a fantastic magical item that can be used to freeze
any object in time!” Subaru crowed.]

 

“It can do WHAT?” Anastasia demanded.

 

“I thought it could detect mabeasts?” Ferris frowned.

 

Subaru shifted uneasily in his cage, very carefully saying nothing in response.

 



“Is it that multifaceted?” Anastasia prodded, looking very much alert. “Something with that
much potential…Natsuki, what else can it do?”

 

[“Take this!” Subaru proclaimed, and immediately blasted Rom with rapid-fire flashes
of white light out of nowhere, temporarily blinding him and startling him so badly that
he tripped backwards and fell behind the counter.]

 

Frederica squeaked.

 

“OI!” Felt snapped, looking slightly more alarmed than actually offended. “What were ya
thinking, pulling a fast one on Rom like that?!”

 

“You don’t attack someone in the middle of a negotiation, Subaru!” Julius added, looking
very angry and frightened himself. Subaru cowered away from his towering figure, even
through the glass. “That man is at least three times your size — what were you DOING,
picking a fight with him out of nowhere like that?!”

 

“I wasn’t picking a fight!” Subaru cried. “I was just taking some pictures, it wasn’t an attack
at all!”

 

“HE wouldn’t have known that!” Felt retorted, remembering good and well what Subaru’s
cell phone actually  was but sticking to her guns regardless. “Pulling out a strange object and
activating it in someone’s face would be taken as a threat by anyone with a lick of sense —
isn’t that just basic logic?!”

 

[“What are you doing?!” Rom shouted, face red as he scrambled up. “Are you trying to
kill me?!”]

 

Felt gestured emphatically towards the screen. “See?!”

 

Subaru didn’t have a defense to that. “I just…” he tried, shrinking in on himself. “I was just
trying to look cool…”



 

Julius sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose.

 

”I wouldn’t have launched into an attack right away,” Rom spoke up, more out of mercy for
Subaru’s red face than anything else. “I’m sure I gave him a chance to explain himself, I’m
not THAT reckless…”

 

[Luckily, the old man was right about that. As such, the situation appeared to have de-
escalated itself quickly. “This is…This is my face,” Rom said, his previous anger
forgotten in light of this new surprise. “How did you do that?”]

 

[“I told you, didn’t I? This is a fantastic item that cuts out a piece of time and freezes
it…”]

 

Subaru buried his head in his knees at this cringeworthy extrapolation of the simple process
of taking a picture.

 

“Were meteors like this truly commonplace back in your homeland?” Julius marveled. “It
sounds like a truly fascinating invention.”

 

“It’s not,” Subaru muttered, his face hot. “It’s really, really not…”

 

[Subaru threw up a peace sign and took a picture of himself.]

 

“Really, what is it with nyew and those stupid poses?” Ferris giggled.

 

“Stoooop…”

 

[“This is my first time seeing one of these, but…basically this is a meteor, right?”]



 

[Subaru blinked, caught off guard. “A meteor?” he echoed.]

 

“Wait.” Anastasia frowned, suddenly registering both his current confusion and the fact that
Subaru had not actually used the word “meteor” to describe the item he was holding in his
hand. “Natsuki — is that actually a meteor?”

 

Subaru shifted uncomfortably. “N-Not really,” he admitted. “It— We don’t have magic where
I come from, at all. It’s all technology.”

 

“All technology…” Anastasia repeated to herself. What sort of a world did Subaru come
from?

 

She sure did want to get her hands on that cell phone of his, now. More than she had ever
thought she would. Perhaps she could cut a deal with Russell Fellows — preferably without
cluing the man in on how valuable that artifact apparently truly was…!

 

[“To be honest, even if it has a jewel embedded in it, exchanging something like this for
a purely decorative item really puts you at a a loss,” Rom warned. “You’d be better off
trading it for something more expensive… Well, really, you can’t compare it to any of
this stolen junk I have here.”]

 

“But here he is,” Anastasia sighed. “Training that valuable artifact away for the sake of a
woman he has known for two, three hours.”

 

“I had a debt to pay back!” Subaru defended. “It wasn’t ridiculous, I just— I owed her, right?
She saved my life, and I wanted to pay her back! Weren’t you listening?! It’s not ridiculous at
all—!”

 

“Subaru.”

 



Subaru stopped, looking a bit like a deer in the headlights.

 

“Subaru,” Emilia repeated. She sounded unusually stern. “Didn’t you hear — me — back
then in the alleyway, when I told you that you didn’t owe me anything?”

 

Subaru wilted.

 

“Perhaps that is a little harsh, Lady Emilia,” Anastasia interrupted, more out of sympathy for
the look on Subaru’s face than out of any real agreement or disagreement on her part. “This
happened a while ago, right? And…I’ve got a feeling he was doing all this for his sake more
than for yours, in the end.”

 

[“But what about the girl who saved you?” Rom was asking. “Why isn’t she here?”]

 

[“I’m currently looking for her!” Subaru answered cheerfully. “Actually, right now I’m
not even sure she’s not a figment of my imagination that I created because I was feeling
down…”]

 

“Figment of his imagination,” Ram echoed in an unimpressed tone of voice. “It is just like
Barusu to go to such lengths for a hallucination, yes.”

 

Rem did not laugh at her sister’s commentary like Rem had hoped.

 

Yes, that selfish desire for Emilia’s company was probably exactly what he had been chasing
back then, Anastasia could say that. Even if she did still take issue with him throwing away
his single most valuable possession in a desperate bit for good boy points from a woman he
had not even technically met yet.

 

Emilia still didn’t seem to get it, if the look on her face was anything to go off of. “For his
sake…?”

 



“Barusu is clinging to you like a dog in a desperate attempt to not be cast out alone to the
streets,” Ram clarified bluntly. “He doesn’t actually care about the debt as anything more
than an excuse to not leave your side. That is the true nature of what we’re seeing right now,
Lady Emilia.”

 

“That’s not— I didn’t— I mean—!” Subaru tried to defend himself, growing redder by the
minute as he realized how spot-on their observations about him in that moment really were.
“…I’m sorry, Emilia-tan,” he finally apologized, voice meek.

 

Oddly enough, however, that explanation made Emilia relax — and likely more than
anything else possibly could have. “I’m sorry,” she apologized to Subaru, who was now red-
faced with shame and embarrassment in his cage. “I just — I don’t like seeing you sacrifice
so much of yourself for my sake. I care about you a lot. You know that, right?”

 

[Onscreen, Rom continued to fiddle with Subaru’s cell phone. Guess men are into
gadgets no matter what world you’re in, Subaru concluded.]

 

Rom snorted. The boy wasn’t wrong about that assertion, he could say that.

 

“I— I do, Emilia-tan,” Subaru stammered, hunched over from mortification. “I get it, I really
do.”

 

Beatrice hoped he was telling the truth about that. But now wasn’t the time to make sure of
such a thing, she supposed.

 

[“Whether it be your clothes or this, you’ve sure got a lot of strange stuff on you, don’t
you?” Rom said, having gotten into his bag of corn chips. “I mean, these things here are
delicious!”]

 

[“I know right? —Hey, wait! I thought you said a bite! Those are my corn chips! That’s
the last food I had on me!”]

 

Rom started laughing.



 

Anastasia looked as though it physically pained her to see a snack from beyond the Great
Waterfall get devoured so casually and carelessly.

 

“Your own fault for letting Old Man Rom get his hands on it in the first place,” Felt
snickered. “Should’ve realized it’d all be gone within seconds!”

 

”I have to agree with my granddaughter here,” Rom grinned. “If you don’t want me to eat
your food, then don’t go handing it to me like that!”

 

[“Oh, don’t be so stingy. If you keep something as tasty as this all to yourself, you’re
gonna fall straight to Hell, I tell ya.”]

 

[“Oh and you won’t, for eating all of them yourself?! Blaming others while you’re doing
the same yourself is a bad habit of you baby boomers… I said, stop eating those!”]

 

[As Subaru finally managed to wrestle back his bag of corn chips, he saw that only a
few crumbs had been left behind. He visibly deflated at the sight of his precious snack
having been devoured so thoroughly.]

 

Felt pointed and laughed. Largely due to his own amusement, Reinhard refrained from
scolding her for acting so improper. Subaru pouted at her from behind the glass.



Anastasia sighed, shaking her head. “Ya really should be more careful, especially with the
things that are important to ya,” she scolded. “If yer not careful might take advantage of yer
carelessness and naïveté and ship ya off to live as a slave.”

 

It probably wasn’t a big concern for Subaru, nowadays. But, one could never entirely let their
guard down…

 

“Wait— Slavery is a thing, here??”



 

Anastasia stopped.

 

“Is it…not a thing in places beyond the  Great Waterfall?” Ricardo asked.

 

“Well — I guess it used to be? And there are some illegal markets here and there, human
trafficking situations and all, but…” Subaru shook his head, wide-eyed. “No,” he said. “I’m
pretty sure Japan figured out that slavery was an abomination…four centuries ago? And most
other countries were the same way. —There was an incident about a century ago with a war
that was kind of…but, for the most part…”

 

What an enviable situation, Ricardo thought.

 

“Wait.” Subaru had gone still. “Is it not…?”

 

“Slavery is illegal in Lugunica,” Julius confirmed. Subaru practically collapsed under the
force of his relief.

 

“It’s not illegal in Kararagi, Gusteko, or Vollachia,” Anastasia warned. Subaru stiffened
again. She winced inwardly, but — he needed to know this. “Not quite sure how it works in
Gusteko or Vollachia,” she admitted. “But in Kararagi, slavery is a common way to pay off
debts — and even though it’s illegal, slum children are often kidnapped by slave traders
while law enforcement turns a blind eye.”

 

“Happens here, too,” Felt added. “It’s illegal in Lugunica, but there’s always the danger of
kidnappers stealing folks from the slums and shipping them off for cash. I’ve had to chase
‘em off before, myself…”

 

“Ah, yes?” Anastasia smiled wryly. “Did ya know which country they…?”

 



“Who knows? I never pay attention.” Felt snorted. “Normally I just let ‘em be, look out for
myself. —But, there was this incident where they were trying to drag this little kid away from
this old man, and…”

 

Well. She couldn’t let THAT slide.

 

“Anyway,” she sighed. “I used a whistle I’d stolen from a guard who wasn’t paying attention
to call for help, and then the Royal Guards took care of everything for me. Sometimes that
lot’s good for something, I guess…”

 

Julius grimaced, but — he supposed he should take that as a compliment, in this situation.

 

“The ones that got the closest to catching me were from Vollachia,” Anastasia chuckled. “I’d
made the dumb decision to try and attract their attention and get them to stop chasing these
two fox demihuman boys, but I underestimated… But,” she smiled wryly. “That’s how I met
Ricardo. He cut them all down, all four of ‘em.”

 

Ricardo barked out a laugh, remembering the incident. “Ya were filthy,” he grinned. “I spent
the rest of the day cleaning ya up and dressing ya in proper clothes, and then sent ya off to get
yer first job as a waitress. Little tyke ya were back then, I could see that ambitious spark in
yer eyes from a mile away…”

 

That was why he had saved her, after all, instead of minding his business.

 

“And then I swore to rid ya of that shabby slave collar ya were still carrying around from yer
own old contract,” Anastasia grinned. “Was so incensed by the idea of ya living in the past
like a fool…”

 

“That ya swore ya’d buy me and rip it off with yer own two hands,” Ricardo chuckled. “I
remember.”

 

And hadn’t Anastasia managed that and more?



 

Subaru watched the three of them reminisce, and wasn’t quite sure what to think about it.

 

He’d probably avoid it just fine, Ram thought. For all his flaws, Barusu’s always had good
timing.

 

—There was no particular trigger that brought Ram’s epiphany forward. Something just
clicked, while she was watching Subaru wait for Felt with Old Man Rom. Barusu has always
had great timing, she thought to herself — and then suddenly the fact that time seemed to
have rewound itself entirely resurfaced in her thoughts, and from there—!

 

Frederica watched grimly as her junior maid realized what was going on.

 

[“Sorry I took so long, Old Man Rom,” Felt’s voice said cheerfully. “I had someone
really persistent on my tail, and it took me a long time to lose ‘em.”]

 

“And there she is, I suppose,” Beatrice muttered. She had barely spoken since watching
Subaru— go through that, instead staying huddled as close to the glass jar as she could
manage.

 

[“Who’s this?” Felt frowned, catching sight of Subaru. There was no recognition in her
eyes at all. “Hey, Rom, I told you I was going to bring something big, so I didn’t want
anyone to be here, didn’t I?”]

 

Emilia frowned. “I’m not sure how to feel about my insignia being ‘something big’ that
you’re bringing in…”

 

Felt shifted uncomfortably. “Sorry, Big Sis.”

 

“He’s so suspicious,” Julius was hissing, having tensed up all over again. “He just — knew
what she stole before she had even really stolen it, and is planning to return it to the person



she stole it from, and he doesn’t even know who she took it from or why she took it in the
first place! If any of these people get suspicious of him, he’ll have no way to…”

 

“Juli, RELAX,” Ferris ordered, swiping him lightly upside the head. “Subaru-kyun just spent
like two hours setting up a camaraderie with that old man, who knyows damn well how
suspicious he is and clearly does nyot care. He’s FINE.”

 

[“I’m not planning on doing anything,” Subaru said reassuringly. “I’ve only come here
to talk. That is, to negotiate. Let’s aim for a result where both of us come out on top. In
other words, a win-win situation!”]

 

“Most people who say that don’t actually mean it,” Anastasia pointed out.

 

Emilia blinked. “Why wouldn’t they?” she asked.

 

Anastasia opened her mouth and then closed it again.

 

“Certainly doesn’t help him look more trustworthy,” Felt muttered, quietly in agreement with
the Merchant Princess. Even if Subaru very clearly meant it, from the vantage point that they
had now.

 

[“Hey Rom, you haven’t watered this milk down, have you? It tastes terrible.”]

 

“Who waters down milk?” Crusch asked reproachfully. Felt snickered.

 

”Youths these days…” Rom stared at them both in disappointment, grumbling. “No respect
for elders among this younger crowd, I tell you.”

 

[“Why does everybody have to insult the drinks?! I’m showing you some kindness
here…!” But Rom didn’t look as offended as he might have sounded, reaching down to
ruffle Felt’s hair affectionately.]



 

[“You too look closer than I thought you’d be,” Subaru observed, watching them both.
“I’m getting lonely over here all by myself.”]

 

Near the back of the theater, Rem winced, remembering the direness of Subaru’s current
situation, whether the boy realized it or not.

 

She quickly stamped it out once again. It was true that this strange man didn’t act like a
threat, but considering his — ability, that didn’t mean he wasn’t likely a wolf in sheep’s
clothing just waiting to crawl out of his disguise. She had to stay vigilant.

 

Especially since nobody else in this strange place seemed willing to do so.

 

[“Don’t say something wimpy like that when you’ve got a face that looks just as awful
as this old man’s,” Felt retorted.]

 

[“I’ve had my face insulted before, but really? As bad as this guy?! Come on!”]

 

[“…You’re right,” Felt said, smiling apologetically. “Sorry about that, I went too far.”]

 

“Just what is that supposed to mean?” Rom said, rolling his eyes. “You two must really like
pissing me off…”

 

“Oh so you can tease ME for everything under the sun,” Otto complained theatrically, taking
the chance to help distract from the reveal that he saw staring everyone in the face. “But the
minute someone says something about your face, you get all huffy about it? How is that
fair?!”

 

“Yer just mad that you’re so teasable, Otto-bro,” Garfiel snickered. “It’s like you were built
for it.”

 



“Barusu is a pathetic creature, but you really were made to appear as pathetic as possible in
every light imaginable.” Ram needed the distraction, and leapt on the offered chance at levity
gratefully. Not that Otto needed to know about that. “If you wish to not be so mockworthy,
merchant, you could start by examining yourself all over for the root of your condition.”

 

“The merchant has no leg to stand on when discussing this sort of thing, I suppose,” Beatrice
chimed in, for good measure.



”Between his alcoholism, his bad personality, and his unpleasant face, I fear that he has no
room to complain when others wish to comment about him in a derogatory manner,”
Frederica agreed.

 

Otto stared wide-eyed at all of them. “Why are all of you so mean?!” he cried. They all
giggled in response. “Nobody else gets this treatment from our Camp, I swear…!”

 

“Don’t tease Otto so much, all of you!” Emilia scolded. Otto looked grateful for this, only for
Emilia to then continue: “If you keep it up like this you’ll make him cry, and then I’ll be
reeally upset!”

 

Otto buried his face in his hands.

 

[“Here’s where I’d want to say that, to make it up to me, I’d like you to call me ‘big
brother’ in a cute voice for the rest of this discussion, but I’ll go ahead and forgive you
for now—”]

 

“Natsuki-san!” Otto snapped, slightly less theatrically than before. Subaru was already
burying his flaming hot face back in his knees.

 

”That's more like the brat I remember meeting that day,” Rom said wryly, crossing his arms
in front of his chest.

 

“Is everyone from beyond the Great Waterfall this overfamiliar with strangers?” Anastasia
wondered.



 

“It would explain a few things, in fact,” Beatrice sighed, not looking in the least bit surprised
by Subaru’s uncouth conduct.

 

Ram didn’t say anything. She simply glanced towards Frederica with eyes that were glinting
with amusement. Frederica refused to meet her gaze, face bright red.

 

“Of all the things he could have said to her,” Julius bit out, clenching the armrests of his seat
so hard that Anastasia wondered if they might break. “She doesn’t know him— If she or Rom
get the idea that he’s a threat—!”

 

“Lady Felt isn’t taking it as more than bluster,” Ferris pointed out soothingly. “And Old Man
Rom’s introduction to that idiot was learning that he could literally just scruff him and be
done with it if nyeed be. Both of these people figured out how unthreatening Subaru-kyun is
right from the start, nyes? He’s FINE, Juli…”

 

Nearby, Felt just rolled her eyes.

 

“I really do hope Lady Emilia managed to train him properly after this,” Crusch sighed.

 

[“…Rom?” Subaru asked. “What’s wrong?”]

 

[“I’m really beginning to think you two have teamed up together just to make me
angry…” Rom said, a vein popping out of his forehead even as he smiled. Subaru and
Felt looked at each other and shrugged, both utterly unthreatened by the display. Ron
looked pointedly at Subaru. “Just when I thought Felt had made a new acquaintance
around her age, you turn out to be just as twisted as the others.”]

 

Rom snorted. Felt groaned loudly.

 



[“…Rom, please,” Felt winced. “I know you think you’re helping, but I’m going to ask
you to stop saying such embarrassing things.”]

 

[“Plus, ‘around her age’…?” Subaru added, looking rather embarrassed himself.
“Although I suppose from your perspective everyone looks like they’re from the same
age group.”]

 

“You can’t blame people for thinking you’re younger than you are when you act like a little
kid all the time!” Julius scolded. Subaru squawked. “Aside from your eyes, your looks don’t
do you any favors as is—”

 

“OI!”

 

“—so if you really want to be seen as more mature you need to start acting with poise and
proper etiquette, for starters—”

 

“Would nyew save the etiquette lessons for later?!”

 

[Felt and Rom were both utterly ignorant to Subaru’s protests about his age. “What do
you think is going to happen to you if you keep up this ‘lone wolf’ attitude of yours?” he
demanded. “Sooner or later, I’m going to get too old to take care of you anymore. Do
you really think you can make it on your own?”]

 

[“Just how many times have you told me this already?” Felt retorted.]

 

Ricardo’s eyes widened as he finally realized what Old Man Rom was getting at, and he
barked out a laugh, slapping his thigh. “The old man was tryin’ ta set you two up on a play
date!” he howled.

 

Subaru blinked. “What?”

 



“Do I really need to spell it out?” the mercenary grinned, all teeth. “He thought you were a
similarly-aged kid with a decent personality, and decided that he wanted his granddaughter to
have a new friend!”

 

“WHAT?!”

 

“OI!” Felt shouted, face bright red.

 

Rom shrugged. Frederica giggled, cheeks still pink as she held a hand up to her mouth. Julius
coughed into his fist, suddenly desperately trying not to laugh. Reinhard was finding it very
hard to keep a straight face.

 

Ferris wasn’t even trying. “Nyaww,” he cooed, laughing. “Subaru-kyun made SUCH a good
impression that Old Man Rom thought he’d make good company for his precious
granddaughter! Isn’t that sweet?”

 

“I DIDN’T KNOW!”

 

“And it is exactly that nyaivete that made the old man see nyew as such an easy first step for
his socially-isolated grandchild to learn about friendship! Ferri-chan guesses that sort of
stupidity pays off after all!”

 

“Shut up!” Felt snapped. “Reinhard! Rom!”

 

Reinhard coughed. “I believe that they are correct about Rom-san’s intentions, Lady Felt—”

 

“I do worry about your lack of friendships, Felt,” Rom said. “So if a kid around your age just
so happened to come waltzing into my house like that, then…”

 

“NOT WHAT I WAS ASKING FOR.”

 



[Subaru had already shown Felt the wonders of his cell phone camera by the time
everyone looked back at the screen, but she hadn’t reacted with the same sort of wonder
as Old Man Rom. “So this fascination with high-tech stuff is only limited to men in this
world, too?!” he complained. “Somehow that makes me feel really sad and lonely!”]

 

[“Oh, shut up,” Felt responded. “What’s there to make a big deal about? If this so-
called meteor can sell for more than this badge, then I couldn’t be happier. For that, I
trust Rom to give me a proper appraisal.”]

 

“Ya trust that man a lot, huh?” Anastasia noted.

 

“Of course I do,” Felt scoffed, still slightly pink. “I— I’ve known him for practically my
whole life. It’s Rom.”

 

Rom did not know how he wanted to respond to that, and so he pretended that he hadn’t
heard Felt say anything at all.

 

Anastasia was an orphan who had not met Ricardo until she was around eight years old. This
was not the first time she found herself wondering what it was like, to…

 

[“What do you mean when you say you still want to ‘sweeten the deal’?” Subaru was
asking.]

 

[“Hmm?” Felt blinked. “Oh that? It’s simple. It just means that you’re not the only
person I’m negotiating with.”]

 

Rom stiffened. Felt sucked in a breath. “Oh no.”

 

Reinhard’s face went pale. And I’m still not there to…!

 



Emilia swallowed. “It’ll be alright,” she whispered to Felt. “We all got out of it alright, didn’t
we?”

 

Reinhard sucked in a breath, and exhaled. “R-Right,” he agreed. “It all ends well. That’s what
matters.”

 

Frederica exhaled slowly.

 

[“The reason why I stole the badge in the first place was because someone asked me
to…” Felt paused dramatically. “…In exchange for ten holy gold coins.”]

 

“Ten holy gold coins?!” Mimi repeated, her eyes flashing. “That’s—!”

 

“It’s not that much when you consider what she was actually stealing,” Tivey pointed out.
“Taking an insignia from a Royal Candidate — for a job like that, I’d say the buyer was
actually lowballing it significantly.”

 

[“I don’t really understand how much that is, but…”]

 

“He doesn’t understand the CURRENCY,” Anastasia gasped. Oh, that wasn’t good. In
hindsight it was an obvious handicap of his situation, but — a boy who didn’t know the
currency of his surroundings attempting to barter away such a valuable item was such an easy
mark —

 

[“With that meteor of yours,” Rom pointed out, “even in the worst case you could easily
get twenty holy gold coins.”]

 

“So that’s how you knew,” Felt murmured thoughtfully.

 

Anastasia took a deep breath. Subaru had been very fortunate, to find people who would not
take advantage of his obvious naïveté on his very first day. …But that did not make his



situation any less concerning.

 

Nearby, exactly the same anxieties were causing Otto to pull on his hat, teeth clenched and
knuckles white. “Natsuki-san…!”

 

[“Don’t worry about the location,” Felt said. “We’re meeting here. As long as Old Man
Rom’s around, most people will forget about using violence as an option. Just the
thought of having to fight this scary old man sends shivers down your spine, don’t you
think?”]

 

[Subaru looked up at Rom for a moment, and then nodded several times in agreement.]

 

Rom huffed. “You really like pissing me off, don’t you, you brat…”



Ferris snorted.

 

“At least you have SOME common sense,” Julius muttered, exhaling slowly through his
teeth.

 

[“Really,” Subaru was saying. “If you had already called that person here in the first
place, were you planning on trying to negotiate the price with them even if I didn’t show
up?”]

 

“That IS the smart thing for a person to do, Natsuki,” Anastasia clarified, glancing
meaningfully in his direction.

 

[“Of course I was!” Felt scoffed. “Just how much do you think I had to go through to
steal this thing? What if poor little me had to meet with them all on my own and got
talked down on the reward? Wouldn’t that be sad?”]

 



[“‘Poor little me,’ huh…” A note of anger entered Subaru’s inner monologue. Hard to
think of you that way when you abandoned me to get beaten up like that in an alley. ]

 

Felt winced, hard.

 

Subaru noticed. “That really wasn’t fair of me,” he apologized quickly. “S-Sorry. I know you
had your own stuff going on, and…”

 

“It’s fine, it’s fine,” she said. “I— I think I’m the one who owes you an apology for that,
really. Sorry, Big Bro.”

 

[“Speaking of which,” Subaru snapped, a little peeved. “Don’t you remember me at
all?”]

 

[“Huh? Did we meet somewhere before?”]

 

—For Reinhard, it suddenly clicked.

 

Felt didn’t recognize him, because it hadn’t actually happened. But for Subaru— it couldn’t
have just been a vision: it was far too detailed. And in any case, that would mean that this
false memory was also a vision, making the first a vision within a vision, which didn’t make
sense at all. For Subaru, everything had been real.

 

The only thing that had changed was the time of day, which had rewound itself. Subaru was
the only one with that first memory because he was the only one who had, himself, traveled
backwards, while everything else had simply been rewound. And everything else had been
rewound when—

 

“Oh,” Reinhard said quietly.

 

Felt frowned. “What?”



 

“…We’ll talk later, Lady Felt.” Reinhard’s eyes were now firmly glued to the screen. Felt
raised an eyebrow, but somehow managed to refrain from commenting further.

 

Rom pressed his lips together. It seemed that the knight had figured it out.

 

[“Anyway, that’s enough about your terrible memory, Felt,” Subaru dismissed. “When
is the other person supposed to be coming?”]

 

[“I’m not sure I like your attitude,” Felt frowned.]

 

Reinhard hoped he was wrong. Please let him be wrong. Because if he was right—!

 

[There was a knock at the door.]

 

Felt swallowed. “That’s probably HER,” she said quietly.

 

”Probably,” Rom agreed. He tried not to look as tense as he felt.

 

“…It might be Emilia,” Reinhard suggested. He already knew it wasn’t.

 

[ She’s walking around like she owns the place… Subaru thought to himself, watching
Felt go to answer the door. “You really okay with letting her get away with that?” he
asked Rom.]

 

[“Well, it’s not like I just met her,” he responded. “We’ve known each other for a long
time… I suppose I can let her depend on me every now and then.”]

 



[Subaru rested his cheek in his palm. You look very happy to be depended on, really. ]

 

Felt flushed pink. “Softie,” he scoffed.

 

”Shut it, brat,” Rom returned, though his face, too, looked a little red.

 

Ricardo glanced at Anastasia briefly before turning back to the screen.

 

[“Upon seeing your uncivilized figure, I can’t help but wince and smile at the same
time,” Subaru teased.]

 

Rom snorted loudly.


 

“Subaru!” Julius snapped.

 

[“You sure like to run your mouth, don’t you?” Rom retorted. “Just who do you think
you have to thank for getting this far? Woe is me.”]

 

[Subaru paused. “Well, to be honest, I’m very thankful for your help,” he said. “It’s not
like everything’s over yet, but I’m almost there, and the only reason things have been
going so well for me is because of your help, so…thanks.”]

 

“…Huh,” Rom said, not really knowing how to respond to that.

 

 

[“…If you suddenly start being honest with me like that, I’m not going to know what to
do.”]

 



Wilhelm smiled, glancing over at the boy himself. He believed that he understood the feeling
quite well.

 

Emilia looked at the screen with soft eyes. “Subaru…”

 

This was the version of him she loved the most, she thought.

 

[“I wouldn’t call the way I feel about it ‘thanks,’” Rom muttered. “But…if either of us
is to thank the other, it should be me, rather than you.” Subaru blinked. “There’s the
fact that you have a meteor, and then there’s your clothes and the look about you… You
come from a pretty well-off family, don’t you?”]

 

[“Well, I wouldn’t exactly say THAT…” Subaru answered uncomfortably.]

 

[“You don’t have to hide it,” Rom said. “I bet you can’t make public that Felt stole that
badge. If nothing else, I’m very grateful of the fact that you’re trying to settle this in a
peaceful way.”]

 

Rom blinked. “Huh.”

 

Julius blinked. “…Huh.”

 

“Wait…” Felt frowned. “Rom thought you were—?”

 

“What a fortunate misunderstanding,” Otto sighed.

 

[“In a place like this, everyone’s just struggling to survive,” Rom said. “In that kind of
environment, the young ones tend to form gangs with others like them, but…Felt really
isn’t suited for that.”]

 



[“If the way she’s been acting is the way she acts with everyone, then I’m not
surprised.” There’s no doubt that all her resolution is geared towards her own ends,
Subaru thought. If you act like that, then anybody who wants a mutually beneficial
relationship with you isn’t going to be too thrilled… ]

 



Rom coughed into his fist.

 

“I don’t need your commentary!” Felt snapped, face bright red.

 

“He is correct, Lady Felt,” Reinhard advised. “While your attitude is charming, in the face of
diplomatic relations—”

 

“Shaddup!”

 

Anastasia frowned. “It’s a very naive way to think of things,” she mused. “Whether ya like it
or not, most people are ultimately out for their own self interests. In some ways, it’s better for
your diplomatic partner to be open about that fact rather than attempting to conceal it…”

 

But that was just one more addition to the pile, really, of the number of things that could be
used to trick Natsuki Subaru into an unfavorable deal.

 

[“I don’t mean to be rude or anything,” Subaru said, the way someone does before
they’re about to say something very rude. “But I think that part of the reason her
selfishness has gotten so bad is because you’re always there for her.”]

 

Julius buried his face in his hands.

 

[“…I don’t have anything I can say to that,” Rom sighed. “After all, it’s true I tend to
spoil her.”]

 



“I’m not spoiled!” Felt squawked.

 

“Ha!” Rachins cackled. “Yeah, you are!” He ducked under her hand as she swatted at him
angrily. “Yer Rom’s little spoiled princess, yes you are!”

 

“Shaddup, you lout!” Felt snapped, face coloring a dark red.

 

“You’re mad ‘cause it’s true!” Rachins retorted, already starting to run away while cowering
under his arms and calling over his shoulder. “Spoiled princess! Spoiled princess!”

 

“RACHINS—!”

 

[“Well, I hope it’s not a one-sided thing,” Subaru mused.]

 

[“I don’t mind, even if that’s the way it is,” Rom responded. “…Actually, it’d be best if
it were that way.”]

 


Rom pressed his lips together. He wished he hadn’t said that out loud — not to this room of
people, anyway.

 

Felt frowned, slowing to a stop in chasing her unruly subordinate around the room. “…Rom
—?”

 

[“I was right, it was for me,” Felt was saying. “We’re over here, would you come take a
seat?”]

 

[The woman Subaru saw next was exactly the person everyone was dreading would
arrive.]

 



At the sight of the Bowel Hunter, all of the mirth abruptly drained itself from the room.

 

Garfiel sucked in a breath, eyes wide as he stared up at the figure of the woman that, once
upon a time, he had killed with his own two hands.

 

“Elsa Granhiert…”

 

Her voice whispered back to him, from somewhere behind his ear: It is lovely to see you once
again, Garfiel Tinsel.

 

Frederica gripped her little brother’s arm so tight it hurt. He didn’t tell her to move away.

 

But even those who had not fought her directly — they had heard of the infamous Bowel
Hunter. The lady from Gusteko, the killer of thousands, the lover of blood and guts who
butchered all for love of the sport. More beast than person, more monster than human, the
type of creature against which even the cream of the crop within the Lugunican military
would struggle—

 

[She’s really pretty…]

 

Wilhelm’s fist clenched in his lap. “And he can’t tell at all—!”

 

“Oh for fuck’s sake,” Ferris hissed, too on edge to properly make fun of Subaru for that. “For
fuck’s sake, for fuck’s sake—!”

 

[“I can’t just let myself be in a position to be talked down on price, you know?” Felt was
saying. “It’s the wisdom of the weak. Anyway, Subaru—” She motioned with her hand,
as if ordering a servant. “Go fetch us some drinks.”]

 

[Subaru didn’t even say a word of protest, obediently getting them both a glass of milk.]

 



Frederica recognized that smitten look. Whenever Subaru felt that shy sort of admiration for
Emilia, that puppy-ish obedience was exactly what would follow.


But to watch him to aim those eyes at a woman like that…!

 

“Run,” Julius implored beseechingly, his voice hoarse with stress. “All of you — run.”

 

“I wouldn’t run from a client.” Felt’s words held no audible pride as she voiced this fact. She
sounded odd. “Especially if Rom was right there, I wouldn’t have…”

 

Rom groaned, loud and low.

 

Ricardo stared at the screen, a sinking feeling in his chest. So this must be how…

 

Anastasia exhaled slowly, folding her hands in her lap.

 

[“The truth is, I was given a little extra by my employer, in case you happened to have
second thoughts about the price,” Elsa was saying. “So I do have a little more to offer.”]

 

[“Your employer…?” Subaru frowned. “So you’re just following someone’s directions
to pick up the badge?”]

 

[“That’s correct. The one who wants the badge is not me, but my employer.” Elsa leered
at him curiously. “…Are you by chance involved in the same sort of work as I am?”]

 

[“Someone involved in the same work as I am would mean they’re unemployed!”]

 

Nobody laughed at that. The atmosphere was too tense.

 



“An employer…” Julius muttered, trying to ignore his own heart pounding in his ears. “Lady
Emilia, do you—?”

 

“We know who it was,” Emilia confirmed quietly. She sounded odd. “We — took care of it.
A while ago.”

 

Ram didn’t glance in Roswaal’s direction. She wanted to, but she stopped herself just in time.

 

Something heavy rested against her soul. Had her Lord’s wishes really led to…?

 

No. No, that couldn’t be… Something else. She had to be wrong about this. Ram was never
wrong about anything, but, just this once—

 

[Elsa’s extra coins brought her total bid up to twenty holy gold coins. Subaru looked at
this total very nervously, but—]

 

[“There’s no reason for you to act like such a baby,” Rom said gruffly. “Aren’t you a
man? …It’s true that twenty holy gold coins is an outrageous amount. However, I
remember saying that your meteor should sell for that in even the worst case scenario.
In other words…”]

 

“He won the bet,” Crusch confirmed. She didn’t sound pleased about this fact. She sounded
as though the dread in her soul was building by the second.

 

Otto understood why. He hissed softly. There was no way that Elsa would let that go without
a fight…!

 

[“ALL RIGHT!” Subaru jumped up from his seat, crying out in triumph and
excitement — an action that earned him blank stares from all three parties. His face
turned pink. “W-What? I’m happy, all right? Let me be!”]

 



Wilhelm wanted to be amused by this outburst. He wanted to laugh. He wanted to— to step
in and save Subaru from what he knew was going to happen next. He couldn’t do any of it.

 

Rachins didn’t understand what was going on. He had never heard of a Bowel Hunter — not
as more than a vague story from Gusteko. He was too creeped out by the mounting silence to
ask any questions about it.

 

“Reinhard?” he whispered, crawling back to the side of his Camp like a dog.

 

Reinhard reached out and squeezed his shoulder. The fact that this powerhouse of a man was
as frightened as everyone else turned his unease into a rolling terror, and he looked sharply
back at the meteor.

 

Rem was more or less able to understand the nuance from the context of everyone else’s
reactions. She exhaled slowly, closing off her heart to the thief, the young man, and the old
bartender, such that what was going to happen next would not hurt her quite so much.

 

It wasn’t like she could do anything about any of this, anyway. This was the intelligent thing
to do.

 

[“Well, as the negotiations did not go in my favor, I think I’ll take my leave now.” Elsa
stood up.]

 

“No way she just gets up and leaves,” Garfiel hissed, eyes wild with dread.

 

“Maybe she will,” Mimi said hopefully, watching as Subaru and Rom joked, and teased, and
even offered kind words of sympathy as a kindred spirit caught in an unfortunate situation.
“They’re all being so nice to her, so maybe she’ll…?”

 

“The Bowel Hunter is basically a wild beast,” Tivey whispered, his voice shaking. He had
studied her a couple of times, alongside his brother. “A woman like that would never take
into consideration basic human niceties.”



 

“…You never know?” Hetaro squeaked. He hoped that his brother wasn’t correct, but — he
was pretty sure that he already knew what was going to happen next, himself.

 

All of them were, watching the screen with bated breath.

 

And there was nothing that anybody could do about it.

 

[Felt, Rom, and Subaru were all oblivious to the reality of their situation, with the
young thief overcome with joy at her new fortune and the two men currently going as
far as to sympathize with Elsa’s failure to achieve her employer’s goal.]

 

Reinhard had gotten there just in the nick of time. Reinhard remembered it well. It had been
one of the proudest moments of his life.

 

He wasn’t there now. He wasn’t going to show up. He wasn’t going to save them.

 

Why hadn’t he…?

 

You did this all because of me.

 

Perhaps this was not the fairest thing for her to think, staring up at the meteor from over a
year in the future. But it was all that Emilia could find it in herself to understand. You stole
that insignia from me, she thought to Felt. You’re going to have to protect her because she
stole my insignia, she thought to Old Man Rom. And you…

 

Every bit of the reason why Subaru was in this situation was based in his involvement with
her. Emilia stared up at his smiling face with anguish in her eyes. Why? she whispered
silently. All of this…for my sake?

 



She hadn’t wanted…!

 

Beatrice wasn’t paying attention to the meteor at all. Her eyes were solely fixed on her
contractor, shivering silently in his cage as his dread built and built and built. “Subaru…?”

 

[“By the way, what is it that you were planning on doing with that badge?” Elsa asked.]

 

“Don’t—!” Julius tried to cry out, but of course, the warning went unheard.

 

[“I was planning on returning it to its owner,” Subaru answered cheerfully.]

 

“Why would nyew say that—!” Ferris squeaked out.

 

“You idiot…!” Tivey breathed.

 

“Natsuki-san,” Otto moaned. “You stupid, stupid—!”

 

The healer was clutching fistfuls of his hair, a look in his eyes like someone was about to tear
out his fingernails one by one. “Why, why, why— she’s going to—!”

 

“It’s no use,” Wilhelm said. His voice was odd. The knuckles of his fist were turning white.
“There’s no answer he could have given that would have saved him.”

 

[The air shifted immediately — and so drastically that even Subaru appeared to feel it,
the smile slipping off his face like water.]

 

[“I see,” Elsa said. “So you’re with them.”]

 



It was almost a mercy, when the tension building in the room was finally allowed to snap.

 

[Felt tackled Subaru to the floor almost immediately, pinning him down. Subaru
protested loudly, only for her to bite right back. “Are you an idiot?!” she snapped. “Pay
attention and get out of the way! Do you want to die?!”]

 

[It was only thanks to Felt that Elsa had missed — because she had swung for Subaru
first.]

 

“Run—” Julius repeated. “R-Run! All of you, get out of there—!”

 

“They can’t hear you, Jules,” Anastasia said quietly. “This isn’t…”

 

“H-He’ll get out of it,” Mimi said hopefully. “He’s here now! So then…he has to get away
from her, right? He’ll get out, and—”

 

[Old Man Rom roared, lifting his massive club and swinging it at the assassin with
intent to kill as he stepped in front of the two youths in his establishment. His
movements were strong and fast, and most people would clearly stand no chance
against him — but Elsa was not most people.]

 

[“This is my first time in mortal combat against a giant,” Elsa smiled coldly.]

 

“A giant?” Hetaro asked. Nobody else was paying attention to that part.

 

[“Go ahead and keep talking, little girl,” Rom snarled. “I’ll turn you into mincemeat
and feed you to the giant rats!”]

 

[“Don’t worry,” Felt assured Subaru, who was watching the fight in obvious terror.
“There’s no way Old Man Rom can lose! Ever since I can remember, I’ve never seen
Rom lose a fight!”]



 

Felt remembered that image of Rom’s lifeless body on the floor of the Loot House. She
croaked something out. She didn’t want to say it, but — she already knew how this would
end.

 

Next to her, Rom squeezed her shoulder.

 

[Felt screamed. Rom’s arm — still holding its club — had been cut off, spinning
through the air, showering the entire room with blood. It dripped onto the tables, the
floor — and onto Felt and Subaru, cowering in fright.]

 

 

Frederica stared, a look of utter horror on her face at the grizzly scene.

 

Felt squeaked something out, dread finally turning into sheer horror as she registered the
sight of her old man being mutilated right before her very eyes.

 

That was his arm, hurtling through the air to land with an awful squelching sound on the floor
of her childhood home. That was his blood, showering her golden hair and dripping down her
face. That was his club, rolling out of his fist as it opened lifelessly on the ground.

 

Rom was supposed to be— Felt had never once thought of him as capable of leaving her
behind—!

 

But that’s not true, her mind whispered. There was one time, when you really feared that he
might leave you for good…

 

But he had survived. He had survived his encounter with the Bowel Hunter of her. He had
survived—!

 

He wasn’t going to survive, here, was he?



 

”Felt,” Rom whispered. “Felt, I’m right here…”

 

Felt swallowed, and gripped his hand.

 

[“If I’m going down, I’m taking you with me!” Rom roared, throwing himself forward,
a fighter to the bitter end. —But it was no use.]

 

[“I forgot to tell you before,” Elsa said sweetly. The glass that Subaru had served her
just a little before was now broken, its shards piercing the old man’s throat. “But thank
you for the milk.”]

 

“Lady Felt.”

 

Reinhard was there, pushing back his own horror and devastation. There was a weak smile on
his face. He was reaching out to her. Felt wanted to slap him, to brush him off, to scold him
for coddling her so—

 

Her body moved against her will, her face burying itself in his shoulder so that she didn’t
have to watch this nightmare anymore.

 

[Rom’s body continued to twitch. Elsa placed the broken glass neatly down beside him.]

 

Reinhard both watched Old Man Rom’s death in his Lady’s stead. He did not give himself
permission to turn away. He sucked in a shuddering breath, and his grip tightened around the
back of her dress. These were the only comforts he offered himself as he watched this
horrible nightmare unfold before his eyes.

 

Rom was not as affected by the sight of his own corpse as he should have been, perhaps. His
focus was on his granddaughter, trembling in the arms of the greatest knight she could have
asked for.



 

[The Felt of the meteor had no such knight to comfort her after witnessing the death of
the man who had cared for her all her life.]

 

[“How…” she growled out, low and raw with rage as she stood up. “How dare you…”]

 

Rachins croaked, staring at this horrible scene with his eyes wide open. Never in his life had
he experienced…!

 

He knew these people. He knew that man. He knew that girl. He had just watched one die —
and if the old man had died, then he knew that the girl would soon follow. He hadn’t wanted
to see this. He hadn’t wanted to see something like this, and not with—!

 

…Would he be able to look either of them in the eye after this?

 

[“I’m sorry for getting you wrapped up in all this,” Felt said quietly, aimed at the
cowering boy just behind her.]

 

“Felt, don’t—!” Reinhard shouted. The Felt in his arms was safe, her figure stiffening in
response to his words, but there was another one, one facing down the Bowel Hunter herself
—

 

But there was nothing he could do.

 

Next to him, Rom was rigid in his seat.

 

[“…I—”]

 

[Before Subaru could answer, she had thrust herself into the fight.]



 

“Maybe she’ll stand a chance!” Mimi whimpered, staring at the screen with mounting terror
as all of her hopes were seemingly dashed, one by one. “She’s so— She’s fast. She can get
out. She can—!”

 

[Felt was moving so quickly, it was hard to follow her with the naked eye — and yet,
when she struck, Elsa had still somehow managed to dodge.]

 

Anastasia hissed. “And that’s that.”

 

[“So you have the [Divine Protection of the Wind],” Elsa marveled. “Oh, how
wonderful. The world must adore you… I envy that.”]

 

[It didn’t matter much, in the end. Just a second or so later, and Felt’s body had been
sliced in half.]

 

Reinhard let out a horrible noise.

 

That was—

 

That was his—

 

He was supposed to protect her.

 

In this version of events, Reinhard had never found her. Reinhard would never find her, now.
Reinhard would—

 

He had failed. There would be no chance at redemption. Not for him, nor his father, nor his
family name. Nothing would ever be fixed, and he would be none the wiser about ever
having a chance—



 

And worst of all, Felt—!

 

Felt took a deep breath, and exhaled. She let go of Reinhard, and sat up straight, and looked
him in the eye.

 

“She’s dead now,” was all she said. “I’m fine.”

 

Reinhard swallowed, and nodded. “She is dead,” he confirmed. “Lady Felt.”

 

And it was no thanks to you.

 

Rom swallowed, staring in silent horror at the sight of his dead granddaughter. A feeling of
utter horror, unlike anything he had ever felt before, welled up in his gut. And you could do
nothing about it at all.

 

[Subaru let out a croak, staring down at Felt’s dying body with the sort of horror that
would freeze a person in place.]

 

“Don’t just stare!” Mimi cried at the meteor, now frantic and on the verge of despair as she
pulled at her braids. “Don’t just stare at her like that, you idiot! Run! Run! Get out of there!”

 

But this was a memory, and there was nothing she could do.

 

[“The old man and the girl have fallen, yet you aren’t moving,” Elsa called to the one
other party that was still alive within the establishment. “Have you given up?”]

 

“Please let it be quick,” Ram whispered to herself, too quietly for anyone else to hear. She
knew that — for all his amazing feats — Subaru wouldn’t stand a chance against this woman.
She knew…



 

And if she was right, then even those amazing feats had been…!

 

“Please—” Ram begged, in exactly the way she never begged anyone. “Just let it be over
quickly.”

 

[“Ah, you’ve finally stood up,” Elsa praised. “It’s less fun since you took so long, but
still, not bad.”]

 

“Don’t try to fight her, dumbass…!” Otto whimpered. “Don’t try to— please, just run! Get
out of there!”

 

Elsa was faster, but maybe Subaru didn’t have to make it far. Maybe there was something
outside that he could use. Maybe he just needed to get far enough to cry for help. Maybe he
just needed to make it out those doors—!

 

[But Subaru, of course, did not run. Instead he sucked in a deep breath, and then let out
his own attempt at a battle cry, charging towards the experienced assassin with a single
fist raised high.]

 

It was in that moment that Garfiel realized that Subaru really, truly did not stand a chance.

 

He had known that Subaru was not — physically capable, in the same way that he was. But
for the year in which he had known him, he had always thought that his Captain could get out
of anything, one way or another. Even the most impossible of situations could be squirmed
out of, because his Captain was one of the greatest people he had ever met…!

 

But here that man was, rushing an assassin with a single fist raised and a feeble cry on his
lips, because that was the only thing that he could do.

 



And even before Elsa met him in the middle, even before her shin met his stomach and
kicked him clear across the room, Garfiel knew that Subaru was not going to win that fight.

 

[“But it’s no use,” Elsa mocked. Subaru lay where he had been tossed, choking and
gasping as he attempted to crawl back to his feet. “I can see that you’re a novice, and
your movements are rough. You have no Divine Protections or techniques. I had hoped
to squeeze wisdom out of you, but you lack that, too.”]

 

[“Shut up…” Subaru hissed, trembling. “I do have my pride…!”]

 

“Please make it quick,” Julius hissed. He was trembling himself. “Please, please make it
quick…!”

 

By his side, Ricardo already knew that this woman was not the type of beast who would do
such a thing. He didn’t have the courage to do more than lay his hand on the shoulder of his
shaking comrade-in-arms, watching the meteor with both of his eyes wide open.

 

[“I do acknowledge that you have extraordinary determination,” Elsa praised. “If only
you had done that sooner, things might have gone differently for these two.”]

 

—Something about how the Bowel Hunter said that flicked a switch in Felt’s mind.

 

That scene by the appa stand. That encounter in the alley. That fight in the Loot House. The
way she remembered nothing — not of before, and not of now. It had all…

 

“If only things had gone differently.”

 

“If only YOU had done things differently.”

 

Felt’s eyes widened. “Wait—” she started to say, but things moved too fast for her to finish
her sentence.



 

[“Let’s put an end to all this,” Elsa declared. “I’ll send you off to go meet the angels.”
And with that, she appeared to promptly disappear into the shadows.]

 

[Subaru, now on his feet again, didn’t know where she was going to come from, or what
to expect. “Wh-Where are you?!” he cried out.]

 

She’s fucking toying with him! Ricardo bit back a growl, his grip on Julius’ shoulder
tightening.

 

Ricardo was a mercenary. He recognized a monster when he saw it.

 

“He doesn’t stand a chance…!” Julius moaned. He didn’t want to watch this. He didn’t want
—

 

[Subaru suddenly remembered— before. When I first came to the Loot House, the attack
came for my—! ]

 

[It was with this knowledge that Subaru successfully managed to dodge Elsa’s first
blow, having been aimed directly at his abdomen. And then, with her momentarily off-
balance, he landed on his back foot and swung his other around in a roundhouse kick,
successfully landing the first blow against her since the beginning of the fight.]

 

Julius started. “Wha—?!”

 

“You got her?!” Garfiel blustered, shock chasing away the despair that had threatened to eat
him whole. “You— You got her! Captain, you—!”

 

“Barusu managed to hit that woman?!” Ram repeated, hardly able to believe what she had
just seen.

 



“Subaru—” Emilia’s face brightened. “Subaru—!”

 

“He hit her!” Mimi cried. She was leaning forward, her hope reserving with a vengeance.
“He hit her, he landed a kick! If he can do that, then—!”

 

[“Ahh, I felt that one…” But Elsa did not look particularly hurt: she looked very, very
pleased. —The cause of this pleasure became obvious, alongside the widening red stain
in Subaru’s shirt.]

 

Mimi’s anticipatory smile slipped off her face. A choked sound escaped her throat.

 

With their hopes having been momentarily raised, this re-impression of the reality of the
situation fell upon them like a sledgehammer. Garfiel’s sudden look of astonished glee faded
to one of despair, magnified tenfold from what it had been a moment before. Julius let out a
sound that sounded an awful lot like a whimper. Emilia clasped both hands to her mouth.
Ram exhaled harshly, a stony look that matched her sister’s overcoming her face once again.

 

Subaru didn’t stand a chance. He had never stood a chance. And now—

 

Anastasia placed a hand on Mimi’s back, rubbing softly as the scene continued.

 

[Subaru took one, two steps back, sliding down against the wall and to the floor. In a
shocked stupor, he helplessly tried to slosh the flowing blood back into the open wound
in his gut, but he didn’t even have the strength to push against the sliced open tissue
falling back against his hand.]

 

[“Are you surprised?” Elsa’s voice mocked. “I opened up your stomach as you rushed
me. It’s my specialty, really.”]

 

“What a messed up specialty,” Otto whispered to himself. He had not been foolish enough to
raise his hopes that things could be different. But somehow, that did not stop this outcome
from hurting him at all.



 

Garfiel croaked. “Ca… Captain…”

 

Watching the youth shudder in anguish, Rem wondered if she should say anything. But —
regardless of if they had once had any relationship, with her as part of their “camp,” the
version of herself that was currently present was not his friend. This was none of her
business, and she would only be an intruder in the lives of strangers if she attempted to
intervene.

 

[“Ah…” Elsa knelt right next to him, with him having fallen onto his side, and lifted up
his shirt. “Your intestines have such a lovely color to them.”]

 

That could have been her brother.

 

The thought came to Frederica at what felt like the worst possible moment. That youthful-
looking boy right there, the one facing down the Bowel Hunter, the one with the angry-
looking face and the tender heart—

 

It could have been blonde hair, instead of black. It could have been yellow eyes, instead of
brown. It could have been— have been—

 

Should she be happy that it wasn’t him? It felt rotten, the thought of being grateful that it had
been someone else. On some level, Frederica couldn’t help but feel relieved that she felt no
gratitude towards that fact at all.

 

Her head hurt. Deciding who she would rather watch die like this — Frederica was a maid,
not a soldier. She had no place thinking of such things. She didn’t want a seat like that at all.

 

[Subaru gurgled something intelligible, reaching out to weakly grab at her ankle. Elsa
did nothing to shake him off, staring at his face with growing ecstasy. “Are you in
pain?” she breathed. “Does it hurt? Are you sad? Do you want to die?”]

 

Rom had known from the start that Subaru did not stand a chance. Even aside from the



obvious — if Elsa had been enough for his granddaughter, for HIMSELF, then of course that
stupid little boy wouldn’t stand a chance.




But even so, this display—!

 

“Why is she so much more sadistic with HIM?!” Mimi cried. “She didn’t do this with the
Lady, or the old man! She didn’t make them suffer! Why him, why—?!”

 

“Because Subaru can’t fight back like they can,” Tivey hissed between his teeth. “She can do
whatever she wants with him, because he can’t fight back.”

 

[It hurts… Subaru’s inner monologue called out pitifully, choked with pain. It hurts… It
hurts… It hurts… It hurts… It hurts…]

 

“Subaru—!” Wilhelm cried out.

 

He didn’t want to hear that. He didn’t want to hear that! Of all the things that—

 

But he couldn’t look away. To look away would be—!

 

Mimi clasped her hands over her mouth. “It hurts…” she repeated in a whimper, her voice
muffled. Tears were heading at the corners of her eyes. “It hurts…it’s hurting him…!”

 

“Of course it’s hurting him!” Ferris snapped, far too shaken to be considerate. “Of course it’s
hurting him, he’s—!”

 

“Ferris!” Crusch called sharply. Her own eyes looked wild, the cries of pain echoing through
her ears, through her blood, through her bones—! “Ferris, behave yourself—!”

 

“All of you, shut the fuck up—!” Rachins hollered. “Shut up, shut up, shut up—!”



 

“It’s not real, in fact.”

 

Captured by the meteor, nobody was paying attention to the small body at the other side of
the theater. —Nobody, except Beatrice.

 

“It’s not real,” she was trying to say, her voice hushed. She reached out, and her hands met
only glass. “Subaru, it’s not real, in fact. You’re okay, in fact. You’re safe, in fact. She’s—
She’s—!”

 

Subaru was not listening to her. This whole time, he had been as fixated upon the meteor as
everybody else, his pupils pinprick dots against his irises.

 

[“Slowly, slowly, slowly, your body will lose its heat, and you will go cold…”]

 

[It hurts… It hurts… It…doesn’t hurt? Can’t hear… Can’t smell… Can’t see… Getting
cold… Die? Am I dead? When will I die? When will I die? Am I already dead? Can you
even say that I’m alive in this state, lesser than any insect? What is life? What is death?
Why is dying so frightening? Is it really necessary to live? No?]

 

Ricardo was not a monster. He had wondered about the people on the other end of his sword
before: their lives, their experiences, their hopes, their dreams, and how it felt when he cut all
of them short in one swift blow.

 

But to see the view from the other end of the blade now, in this manner…!

 

Ricardo wondered: had all of his death blows been this gruesome? Had all of those times
he’d fought and won— was this the price that had been paid? He swallowed. If that were
true, then— he felt like he might be sick.

 



His eyes darted to Ana-bo. It was for her sake, he repeated. For the most part, it was true. If it
wasn’t them, it was going to be her—!

 

The thought of Ana-bo bleeding out in agony and solitude like this made him feel ten times
the nausea from before. He raised a hand to his mouth. Was he going to pass out?

 

[I’m scared, Subaru called out weakly, with a voice that could not be heard even if
someone who cared enough to answer had been standing over him in his murderer’s
stead. I’m scared. I’m scared. I’m scared. I’m scared. I’m scared. I’m scared. I’m scared.
I’m scared—!]

 

“Subaru—!” Emilia cried, eyes completely fixed on his shivering, convulsing figure.
“Subaru, I’m here, I’m here—! Stop, please you don’t—! I’m HERE—!”

 

But she wasn’t there. She hadn’t been there at all. Not this time.

 

Julius covered his ears. He didn’t want to listen to this. He couldn’t listen to this—!

 

[Ah. I’m dead.]

 

He didn’t have a choice. He heard Subaru loud and clear regardless.

 

[Subaru died — a second time.]

 

“…If this is a joke,” Ram said hoarsely. “Then it is one of the sickest jokes that I have ever
heard.”

 

Rem hesitantly reached out to the woman who was her sister, but stopped at the last moment
and withdrew. Her sister never saw.

 



“SUBARU!” a voice cried out, having risen to a crescendo. “SUBARU, ITS NOT REAL, IN
FACT! IT’S NOT REAL, PLEASE—!”

 

Everyone finally turned to see Subaru, sitting and shaking on the far side of the room.

 

“Subaru—!” Emilia cried, shocked to her senses as she finally rushed to the side of his cage
— where she should have been from the very start. Otto and Garfiel were not far behind, nor
was Ram.

 

Julius nearly followed, but Anastasia stopped him with a hand on his shoulder.

 

“Let his own Camp handle him first,” she muttered. “He knows them. They’re…” Safe. Safer
than members of his political rivals, at any rate.

 

Julius swallowed, but nodded in understanding.

 

“I’m here, I’m here! Betty’s here, in fact! Please, it’s NOT—!”

 

“Subaru, it’s alright! It’s alright, we’re here!” Emilia was rambling. “It’s— That was such a
cruel thing to show us, I don’t—”

 

”Subaru-sama,” Frederica pleaded. “Subaru-sama, please calm yourself—”

 

“Sick bitch, I’m glad I killed her, Cap, she’ll never give you a nightmare like that again so
long as I have anything to say about it—!”

 

“It’ll never happen again,” Otto agreed, with a slightly different meaning from Garfiel’s own
proclamation. “Natsuki-san, you can rest, it’ll never—!”

 



“It was enough for you to land a solid hit against her, Barusu,” Ram said softly. Too softly to
come from someone like her, on most days. This was not most days. “You did— You have
nothing to be ashamed of. You fought well—”

 

“But it’s alright. I’m sorry I wasn’t— Are you alright?”

 

Subaru took a deep, shuddering breath, and then plastered a smile across his face. “I’m ay-
okay, Emilia-tan,” he said cheerfully. He was shaking. “What’s a few bad memories in the
face of your angelic beauty, right?”

 

—Everything clicked within Beatrice’s mind a moment before Kadomon’s voice echoed
through the screen again.

 

[“You wanna buy an appa or what?”]

 

“Su…” Emilia croaked. The sick realization of what this actually was finally blossomed in
her consciousness. She took a step back, feeling faint. “Subaru…?”

 

“Cap…” Garfiel choked out. His hands were shaking. His entire body was shaking. He would
have felt embarrassed if this had been any other situation. This was…This was…
“Captain…?”

 

“A…Ah…” Mimi was making a horrible squeaking noise, her hands raised to cover her
mouth.

 

“Onee…Onee-chan…” Hetaro was trying to— but his hands were shaking, even as he
extended them out. “Onee-chan…?”

 

Tivey took a deep breath, and exhaled. It seems his siblings had figured it out.

 

Rachins stared, the realization of what was happening finally dawning across his mind.



 

[“…I have no idea what’s going on anymore,” Subaru confessed, and then he fell over.]

 

The entire theater was so silent that one would be able to hear a pin drop. Half of the
audience was staring at the meteor. And the other half…

 

“Why…” Emilia choked. “Subaru…why didn’t you…?”

 

[Subaru woke up to Kadomon splashing cold water on his face.]

 

[“Are you alright, boy?” the merchant asked, uncharacteristically flustered. “—Here,
forget about the money. Just take these…”]

 

[A cup of water, and a couple of appas. Subaru stared at them blankly for a minute
before obediently reaching up to take them. His hands were shaking.]

 

“Kadomon always had a good heart,” Reinhard reflected weakly, having met Carol and
Grimm’s son-in-law on several occasions himself.

 

Wilhelm said nothing. He was too captured by the look on Subaru’s face.

 

The look of a man who has crossed the boundary between life and death…

 

[Subaru sat there for a moment, shivering and hugging his knees. The memory of being
cut open, of slowly bleeding out, of watching that arm— of that sea of blood—]

[I don’t want to think anymore, he whimpered inwardly. I don’t want to remember
anymore. I want to crawl into my skull and never come out. I want to cry. I want to scream
—]

 



Emilia whimpered something intelligible.

 

Wilhelm did not voice it, but he felt much the same way. But — it wasn’t quite the same,
because instead of purely focusing on Subaru’s plight, he couldn’t help but think—

 

How many times had he inflicted something like this upon the world?

 

Had all of Wilhelm’s opponents felt like that, in their dying moments? Had all of the
survivors felt like this, in the minutes afterwards? This was a question Wilhelm had rarely
humored himself, especially in recent years—

 

But seeing Subaru shaking with shock and fright after being caught on the wrong end of a
blade—

 

You did it to protect people, his late wife’s voice whispered in his ear. A knight is someone
who protects another.

 

…Wilhelm wished he had been there to protect Subaru from that horrible woman.

 

[But before Subaru could scream, cry, go further into shock — he saw a flash of silver
hair.]

 

Subaru froze, suddenly remembering what he had done next. Oh no.

 

[Subaru’s eyes widened, and he immediately pushed himself to his feet. “Wai— Wait
up!” he cried out. “Wait, stop!”]

 

“She won’t remember him,” Rachins realized. “Emilia won’t—”

 



[Having never met Subaru before in her life, Emilia ignored him and kept walking. But
Subaru was in no position to take the hint, of course, and so he stumbled after her
desperately. “Wait! Wait up! Please, wait!”]

 

“Please just turn around,” Emilia found herself begging. “I know you don’t know him, but
please, he— he needs you—!”

 

[“Wait— please! Satella!”]

 

Emilia croaked. She had forgotten about that part — as had everyone else.

 

Federica winced. Emilia had asked for this result, unfortunately.

 

“Oh no,” Anastasia hissed.

 

”Uh oh,” Rom groaned.

 

“Oh, that’s not good…!” Julius moaned.

 

“Oh, and she won’t have any context as to why…!” Crusch breathed.

 

Wilhelm winced, hard. “There’s no way she’ll take that well,” he whispered. “There’s no way
she won’t…”

 

“Oh no,” Felt groaned.

 

“He won’t even know what he did WRONG…!” Mimi whimpered.

 



“Oh no,” Otto moaned, gripping his hat. “Oh no, oh no, oh NO—!”

 

“Oh crap,” Garfiel gasped. “Oh crap, oh crap, oh crap—!”

 

Reinhard silently winced. Ricardo hissed softly between his teeth.

 

“She won’t take that well at all…!” Ram hissed.

 

[“Don’t…ignore me!” Subaru called out pleadingly, having no idea what it was that he
had just done. “It’s my fault I went away and it’s my fault I didn’t listen to you, but I’ve
been desperate! After what happened I went to the Loot House, but I wasn’t able to
meet you there and…”]

 

“He sounds completely insane,” Rachins marveled.

 

“Of course he does,” Crusch said. Her voice sounded odd. “Who would have listened to this
sort of thing from a stranger?”

 

If he had just been honest about what had happened — who on Earth would have believed
him?

 

[Emilia was — understandably — staring at him with a frigid look on her face. Subaru
shrank back from her in embarrassment, completely misreading the reason for her
hostility. “I’m sorry for going on about myself,” he apologized weakly. “…I’m so glad to
see you’re okay.”]

 

“Oh man, and he has no idea what he just said—!” Tivey breathed. “He couldn’t— there’s no
way he could have— and in front of all those people—!”

 

Julius was suddenly reminded of a situation that supposedly took place just a month after this
one, and felt his face go pale.



 

“But— maybe that really is—?” Mimi shook her head. “Mimi has no idea why someone
would give the name of the Witch of Envy if it wasn’t—”

 

[“…What do you think you’re doing?”]

 

“Nope,” Tivey sighed. The anger in the woman’s voice all but confirmed it.

 

The Emilia onscreen was rightfully furious at being called the same name as the most hated
being in the world. Anyone else in her position would have been just as angry. He knew this,
as did everyone else.

 

“But there’s no way Natsuki-san could have known better,” Otto groaned, burying his face in
his hands. “He wouldn’t have any clue why someone might be angry at that— he didn’t even
know who the Witch of Envy WAS.”

 

Julius started making a mental note of all the things Subaru — apparently needed to LEARN
to be wary of. Muggers, unfamiliar spirits, strange women hiring thieves in the slums to
attack their political opponents, skilled assassins that should be fled from instead of fought,
the name of the Witch of Envy — at least he already had a healthy aversion to knives, so that
was something —

 

Why did he have a feeling that list was about to grow exponentially?

 

[“I’ll ask you one more time,” Emilia said coldly. “Why did you call me the name of the
Witch of Envy?”]

 

[Subaru stared back at her, completely lost. “What do you mean?” he asked. “That’s…
what I was told to call you.”]

 



[“…I don’t know who told you that, but whoever did has terrible taste.” Emilia bared
down on him, eyes blazing. “Even if you’re not the one who thought of it, it’s bad
enough that you agreed. The Witch of Envy — the embodiment of all things taboo—
most people would hesitate to either utter such a name. And you’re using it to name
me?”]

 

[Several other voices called in assent, blaming Subaru for having the gall to deliver such
a blatant insult in broad daylight. But of course, Subaru had absolutely no idea what
was going on.]

 

“That boy should not be taking the heat for your own mistake!” Anastasia snapped at Emilia.
Emilia flinched, her eyes round with a mix of surprise, hurt, and guilt. “You’re the one who
told him such a stupid lie, and yet here he is—!”

 

“Don’t talk to her like that!”

 

Anastasia stopped. The boy on whose behalf she had just stepped up was glaring at her from
the inside of his cage.

 

“Emilia gave me a false name, but she didn’t think I was stupid enough to shout it out in the
street!” he defended. “This was my fault, not hers! Don’t blame her for this!”

 

Anastasia and Emilia both stared back at Subaru with wide eyes.

 

“…Subaru—”

 

“Ana-bo,” Ricardo interrupted gently. He had placed his hand on her shoulder. “There’s no
way she could have known about all this.”

 

Anastasia took a deep breath, and — bowed. “Ricardo is correct,” she said politely. It was
more for Subaru’s sake than for Emilia’s. “I’m afraid that I let my emotions get the better of
me just now. My apologies, Lady Emilia.”



 

[“If that’s all you wanted to say,” Emilia said coldly. “Then I’ll be on my way. I don’t
have time to deal with you.”]

 

“No…!” Emilia whimpered, having turned back at the sound of her own voice. “No, don’t—
don’t leave him there…!”

 

[Subaru stared after her like a kicked puppy, obviously wanting to follow but not
knowing what to do or where he had gone wrong. But before he could decide anything,
a sudden gust of wind sped through the street — and once it was gone, it left Emilia
frantically searching her pocket for something that had just been stolen away.]

 

[“Felt?!” Subaru called out, obviously growing more confused by the second.]

 

“Don’t associate yourself with me right off the bat!” Felt cried out. “What are you— now
she’ll never believe you, you dumbass!”

 

[“I’ve been had!” Emilia cried out, just as Felt had predicted. “Is that why you stopped
me?! Are you two working together?!”]

 

“No, no, no!” Emilia protested. “Subaru’s a good boy! He’s a good boy!”

 

[Emilia turned her palm in Subaru’s direction—]

 

“NO!” Emilia cried out.

 

[—but apparently changed her mind, running after the actual thief instead.]

 

Anastasia sighed, placing her chin in her hand. She watched with everyone else as Subaru
raced after Emilia, regardless of the fact that she had just kicked him aside for something that



she herself had trained him to do.

 

[“Can’t someone just be nice to me for once?” Subaru panted, having predictably run
right after Emilia even after that disastrous meeting in the street. “Why was I even
summoned here…?”]

 

Emilia groaned loudly, a noise that sounded an awful lot like a sob as she clutched at her hair.

 

“Why indeed,” Crusch muttered, focusing on the second half of that plea instead. The reasons
for Subaru’s — sudden pilgrimage — were still very unclear.

 

But there were more pressing matters to attend to. Namely—

 

[“What are you talking about?” a familiar voice teased.]

 

“Od Laguna, not this again,” Felt groaned. Rom, too, let out a sigh.

 

[“If you don’t wanna get hurt,” Rachins declared, for the third time since this viewing
had begun, “cough up everything you’ve got!”]

 

Despite that being his face — or perhaps because of it — Rachins felt much the same.

 

[“Would you stop it already?!” Subaru shouted, very fed up. “Nobody is this damn
persistent!”]

 

“It’s not us,” Rachins said weakly. He looked exhausted. “It’s not us. Or, not the same
versions of us. We’re not…”

 

“I know,” Subaru muttered. He had figured it out eventually, after all.



 

[“It was three-on-one last time and you STILL lost like you were nothing,” Subaru was
complaining. “You think you can talk big like that? Even sore losers show more shame
when they start crying!”]

 

“Would you stop antagonizing armed strangers?!” Julius cried out, clutching his head in his
hands.

 

[“Fine.” Subaru threw his hands up in surrender. “Have it your way. I’ll give you
everything I’ve got. That’s what you want from me, right?”]

 

[Gaston, Rachins, and Camberley all looked at each other in surprise before they
started laughing.]

 

[“What’s that?!” Gaston mocked. “If you were that scared, you should have just said
so!”]

 

[“Ha! Look at this guy!” Rachins laughed. “Don’t talk all big if you’re just gonna bend
over!”]

 

[“Whatever,” Camberley grinned. “If he’s going to do as we say, then that just makes it
easier on us, right? But what a coward, huh?”]

 

[Subaru scowled at them mutinously. Alright then, Tonchinkan, he mocked, just to make
himself feel better. Dumb, Dumber, and Dumbest. ]

 

“Wait— you’ve been calling us THAT?!”

 

Wilhelm chuckled weakly. He didn’t have the strength to actually laugh at such childish
antics anymore.

 



Subaru was so childish. But that just made everything about this situation so, so much
worse…!

 

[“…Huh?”]

 

[In the middle of reaching into his bag to lay everything out, Subaru came across the
exact bag of chips that Rom was supposed to have devoured in the Loot House.]

 

“He finally figured it out, then?” Anastasia murmured.

 

Ferris frowned, as the last person left in the dark. “Figured what out?”

 

[“What are you doing?!” Camberley squawked, as Subaru had very abruptly stood up
and started to brush past him.]

 

[“In every sense of the word, I’ve run out of time to deal with you guys,” Subaru
snapped. “I’ve got to…check something.”]

 

[“Are you kidding me?!”]

 

[“Get out of my way!” Subaru shoved Rachins aside as he stepped past, moving towards
the entrance of the alley. “I’ve got somewhere to be, now move!”]

 

—Frederica suddenly noticed a glint in exactly the wrong place. “Subaru-sama—!” she cried
out.

 

But of course, she was already far too late.

 

[But on the next few steps, his ankle gave out, and his eyes fluttered, and—]



 

[“Wha…?”]

 

[And suddenly he was on the ground.]

 

[“Now I’ve done it…!” Rachins’ voice said, suddenly uncharacteristically alarmed.]

 

Rachins realized it before anyone else did. “No— NO!”

 

[It took Subaru a minute to realize that the man’s knife was now sticking out of his
back.]

 

Rom’s eyes widened. Crusch went still. And then the entire theater burst into a clamor.

 

“NO!” Felt gasped. “Rachins, you DIDN’T!”

 

[“What?!” Camberley yelped. “You really stabbed him?!”]

 

“I didn’t— I DIDN’T!” Rachins stumbled backwards as all eyes snapped to him. “I didn’t do
that! I wouldn’t! I swear, I—!”

 

“You did,” Anastasia said. Her voice was cold.

 

”You…” Mimi gritted her teeth. “You… Just like that lady…?”

 

”How dare you,” Wilhelm spat. “How DARE you—!”

 



[“I— I didn’t have a choice! If he went out in the street—! And anyway, he walked right
into my blade, so—!”]

 

Rachins made a strangled sort of noise. “I— I—!”

 

“Rachins,” Felt said. Her voice was dark and dangerous. “Rachins, you…”

 

”You stabbed him,” Frederica said faintly.

 

”You fucking—!” Garfiel looked ready to rip his head off. “You waste of a— How dare you
—!”

 

“I don’t remember this!” Rachins cried, his eyes darting from face to face, watching each and
every one slowly fill with anger. “I swear, I don’t remember—!”

 

”Ducking the blame is a foul thing to do,” Ricardo growled. There was no levity in his voice.
“You did, didn’t you?” Rachins stared up at him, mute. “You killed him.”

 

Otto was staring at him coldly. He said nothing at all.

 

”How dare you?” Ram spat. Her voice was uncharacteristically vicious. At some point she
had risen to her feet. “How— How DARE you?”

 

Barusu was a worthless, useless sort of man — but that waste of air was the one who called
her “Nee-sama,” and bantered with her in the halls, and followed her around when he felt lost
and unsure of himself like a little mutt. For someone to have the gall to drive a knife into his
—!

 

”I’ll kill you,” she spat, taking a step forward, and then another, and then a third, as her hands
clenched into fists. “I’ll kill you, I’ll kill you—!”



 

“Ram,” Frederica pleaded, just barely managing to hold her back from where she had hastily
thrown herself out of her seat. “Ram, please, this isn’t—!”

 

”Rachins.” Unlike Ram’s hot-blooded rage, Emilia’s voice was cold. So very, very cold. “—
Lady Felt, too. This isn’t something I can overlook.

 

Rachins squeaked out something intelligible.



”All of you are overreacting!”




Oddly enough, it was Subaru himself who spoke up in his favor.

 

“Overreacting?!” Ram repeated incredulously, pausing in her efforts to get to a place where
she could rip the man in half just enough for Frederica to catch her breath. “Barusu, this
vermin drove a knife into your back! In what world would—?!”

 

”I appreciate the support, but it’s really not that big a deal!” he exclaimed. “Over and done
with, and it really wasn’t even that bad—!”

 

“Oh be quiet. You get me back for it next time around, so stop complaining already.”

 

—All of the fear left Rachins’ body at once, replaced with something far, far worse.

 

“Rachins,” Felt said. For the first time since she entered the theater, she sounded like a proper
King’s Candidate. “If this is true, then even if you don’t remember, you—”

 

“Was this what you meant?”

 

Felt stopped.



 

Rachins’ head snapped to the side so hard he could hear it crack. Several people flinched. He
didn’t pay attention to any of them.

 

“Was this what you meant?” he repeated. His eyes were fixated on one man, and one man
alone.

 

“What?” Subaru blinked, looking uneasy. “What I meant— what?”

 

“You said I got you back for it.” Rachins heard his own voice. He didn’t recognize that he
was the one using it. “For beating us up in — that last loop. You said I got you back for it.
Was this…?”

 

Frederica sucked in a breath.

 

Subaru stared back at him, lost. His confusion only ignited the spark of anger in Rachins’
chest necessary to turn his turbulent, unrecognizable emotions into rage.

 

“Answer me!” Rachins yelled, pointing a finger at Subaru accusingly. “Was THIS what you
fucking meant?! Was this what you meant, when you said I— I— I fucking GOT YOU
BACK for beating me up?!”

 

[Your eyes are dead. Your arms and legs are gone, too. What you have left are your nose
and ears. Then you’d better use them both to death.]

 

Subaru stared back at him, eyes wide. “I-I mean—”

 

“This isn’t fair!” Rachins cried. “This isn’t fair payback! What the fuck did you mean, ‘You
got me back for it’ ?! This isn’t— how could you say—!”

 



“Rachins!” Felt shouted, stepping forward. Rachins had gone dizzyingly pale, and was
swaying in a way that suggested that he was about to faint.

 

[It doesn’t matter what lingering scent I smell. It doesn’t matter if all I hear are insults.]

 

[“Wait, don’t—!”]

 

[Gaston didn’t heed Camberley’s warning cry, rolling Subaru onto his back and
pushing the knife further in. Subaru cried out in pain, gurgling incoherently at the end
as he choked on his own blood.]

 

“This isn’t what I wanted!” Rachins cried. It was unclear who he was speaking to. “This isn’t
— I didn’t WANT this—!”

 

“You tried to kill me later, didn’t you?!” Subaru protested loudly. “You got all those guys and
chased me through the Capital, remember?!”

 

“I DIDN’T WANT TO KILL YOU!” Rachins screamed. Subaru recoiled from the noise. “I
didn’t want you to die! I wanted to — to humiliate you a bit, or beat you up, or make you cry
for your mom, or— I didn’t want to see the LIFE LEAVE YOUR EYES! I didn’t want to see
you— to see you BLEED OUT in front of me like that, for fuck’s sake! I just— I just—!”

 

“Rachins,” Reinhard tried, his hand gripping the man’s shoulder. “Please, Rachins, you need
to calm—”

 

“DON’T TELL ME TO CALM DOWN!” Rachins shouted, thrashing as he tried to throw the
knight off of him. “Don’t tell me I’m going too far, ‘cause I know damn well I’m not! He
died! He’s dead! He died and — and it’s because I’m the one who FUCKING KILLED
HIM!”

 

[I smell the mud of the road. I smell the iron-like smell of my own blood. Now my nose is
dead. It’s dead, I doubt my ears will last much longer either…]



 

[“—No use wasting it!” Camberley was saying, frantically searching him over as he bled
out. “Take anything on him worth selling—!”]

 

[“Whoa, wait, the guards will be here any second—!”]

 

“Rachins, please, you’ll hurt yourself—!”

 

“No—!” Rachins cried out, stumbling backwards. “No, no, no, I wouldn’t, I didn’t— I
WOULDN’T DO SOMETHING LIKE THIS!”

 

[All I was able to pick up were those bits of conversation. That’s great and all, but the part
of my brain I need to figure out what that means is already dead. I’m dying so I just
listened. I don’t know if I’ll remember… What does it mean to remember? Why do I want
to remember? What does it mean to want? Why…what?]

 

Rachins was hyperventilating. His eyes were shaking in their sockets. He was leaning on
Reinhard about as much as he was fighting to get away. His cheeks felt numb. He couldn’t
feel his toes. He couldn’t make out what he was saying. He couldn’t make sense of anything
anymore.

 

“Rachins!” Subaru cried, banging on the glass. He was using his real name for once.
“Rachins, stop! Stop!”

 

Rachins couldn’t even hear his voice.

 

“—That’s enough.”

 

[There was the sound of a knife being pulled from a body, and then the meteor stopped
displaying anything once again.]

 



That was the last thing Rachins heard before he felt a sudden draining sensation, and then the
world went blissfully dark around him.

 

Reinhard caught him as he fell. He hadn’t been certain that such a tactic would work, and
counted himself grateful that it did. Rachins was…

 

We can deal with it later, he decided.

 

Felt stared down at her subordinate, a conflicted look on her face. Then she turned to his —
victim. “Subaru—”

 

“It’s not that big a deal!” Subaru insisted hastily. “It’s not that big — it’s really not! I barely
even remembered—!”

 

Reinhard made a noise.

 

Crusch stared at something that only she was capable of seeing, and said nothing.

 

“—why he would blame himself this much— a-and was just a stupid joke—!”

 

“A stupid joke?” Felt repeated.

 

Subaru nodded emphatically. “Yes!” he said. “It was just a dumb joke I made, I didn’t mean
to—!”

 

Ferris made a noise as he — the last person — finally understood what was going on.

 

[“You wanna buy an appa or what?”]

 



The healer’s face had drained itself of blood. His arms wrapped themselves around his chest.

 

Subaru…

 

Subaru was…

 

”What…” Ferris managed, feeling colder than he had ever felt in his entire life. “What is
this…?”

 

Subaru had died. Subaru had now died — three times. And now Subaru was in front of that
appa stand, as if nothing had happened, because—

 

Subaru could die. That made sense. Everybody could die. Death was a fact of life. Ferris had
come across it many, many times in his run as a healer. To know the value of life was to
know death. This was natural.

 

But for death to be used like this…!

 

”Blasphemy,” he spat. His cheeks were numb. He felt faint. “This is— blasphemy against life
—!”

 

That was the only possible way to describe it. 

 

Subaru could die. But death was not the end. Subaru could die, and die again, and die again,
and — he would continue to live, and live, and — there would ever be an end.

 

It was horrifying. It was sickening. It shook Ferris down to his core. What kind of monster
would inflict such a horrible curse—!

 



”Felix? Felix!”

 

Old Man Will was calling him. Ferris barely noticed. He was panicking. He was vaguely
aware of that fact. He was also vaguely aware of Wilhelm shaking his shoulders, calling his
name again and again and again. 



It’s not just a curse , part of him thought, with the sick glee that he imagined would come
from a monster. It’s a TOOL. Little Subaru-kyun can die again and again, and every time he
dies he goes back and changes things, which means he can use his own life as a bargaining
chip again and again and again—!

 

Ferris was going to be sick.

 

Isn’t that neat?

 

Ferris was going to be sick.



“FELIX!”

 

And with that, Anastasia concluded, everyone in the audience was finally on the same page.

 

This was time travel.

 

Natsuki Subaru, Knight of the Royal Candidate Emilia, was a time traveler. And the trigger
for his ability was — death.

 

As the room around her sprang into chaos, Anastasia leaned forward to watch the
proceedings. Perhaps the implications of this revelation hadn’t yet sunk into her rivals, what
with everything that had accompanied it thus far, but she hadn’t clawed her way from the
hole in Kararagi up to a potential ruler of Lugunica without her sharp mind. A time travel had
entered the Royal Selection.



 

A time traveler had entered the Royal Selection a full year ago .

 

What had he done during that time period? Did he have a plan? How far along was he, if so,
and how might she be able to counter it? Emilia hadn’t known, but how would she respond to
it now? Perhaps this had genuinely been a show of benevolence on the part of the being that
had dragged them all here, because nobody had even known—

 

…What was it, exactly, that their captor wanted to show them so badly?

Chapter End Notes

Side Stories referenced:

[Anastasia’s Rising In Life Memorial Day]

[Lone Wolf of the Slums: Felt-chan’s Noisy Days]

 

And here you go! A solid baseline for how these reactions are gonna end up going
down! Because Rachins’ murder was really nothing compared to some of the other
characters, oh dear…

I’m sure it’ll be fine :)



Chapter 4: All’s Well That Ends Well (Arc 1, Part 3)
Chapter Summary

They remember this one, don’t they?!

Chapter Notes

Okay, so, I originally planned for this to be the last chapter of Arc 1. But it turns out that
there was a LOT more to Arc 1 than I originally thought — and a lot more that I wanted
to include, to boot — so I had to split this chapter in two.

I’d say that the final chapter of this arc should be out before Spring Break, as was my
initial plan — but last time I promised something like that I ended up taking something
like four months to finish the second chapter, so I’m gonna play it safe and try not to
jinx myself this time.

(Also — went back and added Old Man Rom! So now he’s here, too.)

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“…Why didn’t you tell me?”

 

It was not a question asked in malice, or in betrayal, or even in a particularly accusatory
fashion at all. No: the voice that Emilia aimed Subaru’s way was soft and gentle, with clear
effort made to hide the hurt underlying it — even if that sense of hurt sunk through the
cracks, all the same.

 

“Subaru,” she asked again. “Why didn’t you ever tell me?”

 

Subaru didn’t know how to answer. He — could he answer? “I— I—”

 

He couldn’t test it. He couldn’t force it out. He kept trying to say something — anything —
but the fear engraved in his soul wouldn’t let him get it out.



 

(He had managed to push past this terror enough to tell a singular person about Return By
Death, once. Now that terror had redoubled itself in an effort to make sure he kept his mouth
clamped shut. The cold stare of the Witch of Greed bore into him from behind his eyelids.)

 

“I think that’s rather obvious, ain’t it?”

 

It was Ricardo who spoke up in Subaru’s stead. There was a dark, suspicious look in his eyes
as he turned to face Lady Emilia.

 

“Imagine what a hostile party could do with information like this,” he said, his usual mirth
evaporated in a rare spell of seriousness. “Someone who can never die, who you can hurt as
much as ya want with no regard for restraint? Who ya can kill, again and again, in order to go
back in time and retry anything ya’d like? Who, with the context of the Royal Selection…”

 

Nearby, all the color drained from Julius’ face.

 

Emilia’s expression looked much the same. “I’d never—!” The Royal Candidate spun to face
her knight. “Subaru,” she said desperately. “You know I’d never— I’d never do something
like that to you! You know that, right?!”

 

“O-Of course you wouldn’t!” Subaru stammered. “I never doubted that even once, Emilia-
tan! Not once!”

 

Ricardo raised an eyebrow.

 

“He’s telling the truth,” Crusch said helpfully. The entire room immediately relaxed at that
confirmation — but only slightly.

 

Because the question still remained—

 



“Then—” Emilia faltered. “Then why didn’t you say anything?”

 

After a long silence, Subaru looked away.

 

Emilia stared after him, eyes wide and soulful. “Subaru…?”

 

(Subaru wanted to say something. He wanted to say something so, so badly, but the sight of
her lifeless face was etched so deeply into his soul…!)

 

(Subaru was a coward. A full year later, and he was still that same selfish, useless, pathetic
coward of a man.)

 

—There was a loud gasp, and suddenly Rachins jolted awake, his eyes wide and frantic.
Everyone’s heads snapped over to see where he was heaving and coughing for breath, leaning
against a very startled Reinhard for support.

 

“Rachins?!” Reinhard exclaimed, quickly moving to catch him before he could fall over.
“Weren’t you—?”

 

[NONE CAN LEAVE UNTIL THE DEMONSTRATION IS COMPLETE.] Everyone
stiffened as that voice echoed through the theater once again. [INJUSTICE: MUST BE
CORRECTED. ALL MUST STAY UNTIL THE INJUSTICE IS CORRECTED.]

 

Rachins made a noise, but it was interrupted by more of his coughing fit. Reinhard continued
to hover over him, practically vibrating with worry.

 

(Ram and Otto both leered at him silently from across the room, cold and unsympathetic.)

 

[“Wallet…check,” Subaru was saying. “Cell phone…check. My corn chips and cup
ramen are also here. My tracksuit and sneakers are at zero damage and…”]



 

[Subaru raised the hem of his shirt and twisted, angling himself to look at where—
where Rachins had—]

 

[“Phew,” he sighed with relief. “Good. There’s no greater embarrassment for a
swordsman than getting stabbed in the back…”]

 

Rachins groaned loudly through his coughs, staring up at the screen with a devastated look on
his face. Tears had formed at the corners of their eyes — though whether they were of
frustration, despair, anguish, or simply a physical reaction to his fit remained to be seen.

 

Frederica grimaced. She was no swordswoman — but it was because she was no
swordswoman, perhaps, that she found herself unable to comprehend that statement as
anything but needlessly cruel to the person who had been stabbed in the back.

 

Julius winced, hard. “Please don’t refer to yourself as a swordsman, Subaru,” he begged. “It’s
really not a fair assessment of your capabilities, and it can give people a false impression of
just how much you can take—!”

 

Subaru whipped around to face him, his eyes round with shock as he was abruptly jolted out
of his stupor of shameful silence. “What is THAT supposed to mean?!”

 

[“As someone who did kendo in middle school, even if I take the wrong turn off the road
when it comes to life, I can’t let myself lose the way of the swordsman…”]

 

Under any other circumstances, perhaps Wilhelm would have chuckled at that. But right now
—

 

“He can die,” Ferris whispered, shivering. “He— He died. He DIES. Subaru…!”

 



“Felix,” Wilhelm pleaded quietly. Od Laguna, he wished that he were better at this sort of
thing. “Felix, listen to me. It’s not…”

 

“Nyot — what?” Ferris flinched backwards, his eyes flashing. “Nyot that bad? Are nya
gonnya tell me that it’s not that BAD? Are nya stupid, old man?! Are— Are nyew…!”

 

Wilhelm didn’t know what to say to that, because he knew that his coworker’s sentiment was
completely correct.

 

[“I guess I’ll call it, ‘Return By Death,’” Subaru decided. He sighed. “The fact that it’s a
power that assumes you’re going to lose really makes it fitting for me, doesn’t it?”]

 

“‘Return By Death’…” Anastasia echoed quietly.

 

“Not sure I like how quickly he’s accepting this,” Ricardo muttered. “Thinking of it as a
special power — naming it so casually like that…”

 

“He DID think that this was all a storybook,” Tivey pointed out, keeping his voice low. “So
in that context…”

 

“S-Subaru,” Beatrice was saying, on the other side of the room. She was trying very hard to
keep her voice level, even as her heart raced, but she couldn’t stop it from trembling just a
bit. “Betty doesn’t like that power very much, I-I suppose.”

 

“I know, Beako,” Subaru said quickly. “I— I grew out of it, okay? Promise. I…I get it, now.”

 

He wished he was out of this stupid jar. If he was out there, then maybe he could give
Beatrice a hug — she looked like she desperately, desperately needed a hug —

 

Emilia hadn’t misheard: Subaru had said that he grew out of it. And that likely meant…



 

For her to finish that thought — would be far too horrifying.

 

“I-It’s really not…” Emilia swallowed. “But you understand that now, at least,” she repeated.
“Right?”

 

“Right, yes, of course, Emilia-tan!” Subaru insisted, nodding emphatically. “I — I’m not so
useless as to miss something like that, I…”

 

That was the important thing, right? Emilia tried to tell herself that, even as she felt her dread
harden into a stone of despair, sinking deep into her stomach.

 

“Hmph,” Ram said lightly, crossing her arms, trying to maintain some sense of normalcy in
this — what even was this situation? “At least Barusu understood his place even back then. A
worthless man who was born to lose.”

 

Subaru relaxed ever so slightly at the gesture. He moved to respond to the banter in kind,
hoping the show of familiarity would — provide some sort of comfort, for their distressed
friends. “Your tongue is as sharp as ever, Nee-sama—”

 

[“Still, dying three times in only half a day is just way too high of a rate!” Subaru
complained. “Or…if you look at it another way, I just suck at living.” He huffed. “I
mean, really? I died like a dog to some random tutorial mob characters…?”]

 

Ram froze. Emilia gasped, her eyes widening in shock and anguish. Beatrice sucked in a
sharp breath. But before any of them could scream—

 

“Do not talk about your own death so dismissively!” Wilhelm snapped, a genuine note of
rawness and anger entering his voice. Subaru flinched, his eyes widening in shock and slight
fear: while the old man was often cold and harsh, he was rarely either when it came to
Subaru. “If you had said something like that about— ANYONE’s deceased loved ones, it
would be expected for them to challenge you to a duel for it! Do you understand that?”



 

“I—” Subaru stammered.

 

“The sheer disrespect of such a statement towards yourself — towards the people who CARE
about you!” The Sword Demon continued to rage. He moved to rise to his feet, fist clenched
in preparation for a swing against that glass wall. “Do you not understand what an insult that
is? What such a statement does to the people who love you? For you to speak of yourself in
such a manner—!”

 

“Wilhelm-san.”

 

Ferris may have stepped in, but he was still shaking like a leaf. It was debatable if he was
even really paying attention anymore. As such, Crusch was the one who placed a hand on her
retainer’s shoulder, briefly stepping away from where she had been worriedly comforting her
knight.

 

Wilhelm stopped.

 

“It’s been — at least a year,” she reminded him quietly. “And this one really was just a stupid
joke on his part. Perhaps…”

 

His Lady was correct. Wilhelm took a deep breath. Exhaled. Then he turned and bowed to
Subaru, who was still shivering in his cage.

 

“…My sincere apologies for my outburst, Subaru-dono,” he said, and he meant it. “Just,
please…understand how that SOUNDS.”

 

“I-It’s okay,” Subaru responded meekly, though he was still shying away slightly from the
glass wall. “And I…I know.”

 

Frederica swallowed.



 

Return By Death — it was something rather beyond her comprehension, wasn’t it? She was
mature enough to admit that. But she could understand how someone — especially someone
as tenderhearted as Subaru — could come to a mental conclusion such as that.

 

She didn’t know what bothered her more: the aspects of this curse that she understood, or the
aspects that she did not.

 

Crusch pressed her lips together and said nothing more, sitting quietly by her trembling
knight’s side and resuming rubbing soothing circles into the back of his chest.

 

“Tutorial mob characters…?” Rachins murmured vacantly, not really able to understand what
that meant. He understood that there was an insult in there somewhere. But then again — he
didn’t really care.

 

(Subaru privately thought that perhaps he WAS grateful to be in this jar, after all…)

 

[“To be killed twice by the same person…” Subaru mused. “Is Elsa the kind of
character that, when you run into them, it means certain death?”]

 

“ ‘Character’, ” Anastasia repeated flatly under her breath. That — that could definitely be
one fallacy borne from being transported into a world straight out of a storybook, yes.

 

…If Subaru had started to see them as characters — did that mean that he could justify the
sort of actions that he would otherwise dismiss as unreasonable?

 

Anastasia swallowed, and kept her mouth shut.

 

“That’s— Something about the wording there sounds off, but—“ Otto shook his head, trying
to clear it. “I don’t think that’s a terrible way of looking at it?” he finally decided, though
even then it sounded more like a question. “If it gets you to stay away from her…”



 

“Well she’s dead now,” Garfiel pointed out, trying not to let on how deeply agitated he was.
“So it doesn’t really matter how anyone thinks of her anymore.”

 

[“Well, it’s about time I got moving.” Subaru stood up. “Fortunately, I know that I can
turn my cell phone into cash, so I’ll just amass some funds, and live a good life using my
modern knowledge. It’ll be full of dreams!”]

 

“That…is the logical thing to do,” Otto said, sounding a little uncomfortable. Part of him
wanted dearly for the Subaru onscreen to do exactly that. But the other part of him knew that
such an action would mean…

 

Otto was torn. He didn’t know which action — which outcome — he wanted to side with,
here.

 

After a moment, he concluded that it didn’t matter and dismissed the question entirely. It
wasn’t like anything could be done about it now, anyway.

 

Anastasia put a hand to her chin, thinking. Modern knowledge… If someone from beyond the
Great Waterfall were to become a merchant, the impact that they could have on the market —
and on the country as a whole, too —

 

Of course, it would depend on just how much Subaru was capable of replicating: simply
being a citizen of a country did not necessarily mean that one understood everything about
how the inventions of that country worked, and Subaru was clearly not all that intelligent. —
But then again, even if he just knew some of the more surface-level things about what had
been in his world that had not yet been invented in Lugunica, a suitably brilliant mind may be
able to put in the rest of the work as far as the replication process went…

 

(The advertising potential alone was something to be taken into account, here—)

 

[“Don’t you think so, old man?”]



 

Otto squawked loudly. Rom swore, his eyes going wide. Frederica shrieked.

 

Anastasia broke into a sudden coughing fit, abruptly snapped out of her scheming thoughts.
“Some— Some random man was just sitting there listening to all this?!” she demanded.

 

“Subaru, what—?!” Julius looked as though his heart rate had suddenly spiked to its
maximum capacity, with him clutching his chest like it was about to give out. “What on Earth
were you thinking?” he managed. “Immediately giving away all the details about something
so— what were you thinking?! ”

 

“I didn’t—!” Subaru tried to object, only to get abruptly bowled over in the marketplace of
verbal tirades.

 

“What, you didn’t THINK?!” Felt retorted. “Well, that much is obvious, because that is the
ONLY way—!”

 

“What a ridiculous oversight to make—!” Rom declared, his eyes flashing.

 

“How could you be so stupid?!” Hetaro cried, clutching at his head. “That’s so— If you get
hurt because of THIS, then—!”

 

“Subaru-dono,” Wilhelm managed, trying desperately to hold himself back from another
outburst. “Even if you weren’t quite thinking clearly, surely you can understand—!”

 

“Even for you, that is reckless!” Ram snapped, looking incredibly agitated. “Do you not
understand just how dangerous that could be for you, if information like that got into the
wrong hands—?!”

 

“Y-You told a random merchant?” Emilia asked, too quietly for Subaru to hear, confused and
anxious for a different — selfish, reason. “You told…and not…?”



 

Emilia suddenly felt a hand on her shoulder. “Lady Emilia,” Otto whispered.

 

She turned to see him staring at her with an intense look in his eyes.

 

“For him to be open about it back then, but not…” Otto swallowed. “This means that there’s
a reason Subaru did not tell us anything.”

 

It was a moment before she got it, but when she did, she felt all the blood drain from her face.
Behind her, Ram went still, and Frederica sucked in a breath.

 

Shakily, Emilia sat back down. “What…?” she asked quietly, too quietly for most to hear.

 

What on Earth could have happened, to have kept him quiet about something so important for
so very long? What could have prevented this usual blabbermouth of a boy from seeking
solace in his loved ones? What could have sealed his lips, if he had been this open about it
with a random—

 

—! Had that merchant—?

 

[“Just when I thought you were muttering some nonsense to yourself, you’re asking my
opinion?” the older merchant just looked annoyed. “I don’t know what you’re talking
about and I don’t care.”]

 

He didn’t…seem to be interested in any of this.

 

Emilia still didn’t let her guard down. Just in case. Nearby, Otto was silently making a mental
note of what exactly this merchant looked like — also just in case.

 



[“But…” Subaru hesitated. “When you do the same thing three times, there are a
couple of things you begin to understand. —Well, more like after three times you’d have
to be incredibly stupid to not to understand those things. I may be a little stupid, but not
THAT stupid.”]

 

[“Just what nonsense are you talking about?”]

 

“Subaru,” Julius hissed, rigid as a board. “For the love of all that is good in the world, stop
talking.”

 

“I can’t do anything about it NOW, you know!”

 

[If I don’t do something, Elsa will kill Felt and Rom. And — she and Satella fighting one
another is likely also unavoidable, in that scenario…]

 

[But so what if those two die? a small part of Subaru piped up. One’s a villain who deals in
stolen goods, and the other boldly tries to overcharge for stolen goods without any shame
or regret. Wouldn’t it be better if they were gone…?]



Frederica blinked. “Subaru…?”

 

Emilia’s eyes widened. “Eh??”

 

“…Huh,” Felt said slowly.

 

“That’s…” Reinhard said, looking very uncomfortable.

 

“Hmph.” Rom narrowed his eyes.

 



Rem pressed her lips together, silently filing that moment away for reference. So that’s the
kind of person she was dealing with here… It made more sense than most of what she had
seen so far, with how he had been setting off all of her alarm bells from the very start.

 

Subaru, meanwhile, looked completely and utterly mortified. “F-Felt, I—!”

 

“Shush, shush.” Felt waved him off, being very careful to seem casual in her response. “I
know how this ends already, you know, so — I can let that one slide.”

 

Rom studied Subaru’s mortified face for a long moment before relaxing his shoulders again.

 

“It’s certainly an incredibly naive way of looking at the world,” Anastasia murmured with a
sigh. “That all the nasty people can be rooted out, leaving only the good ones behind…” That
sort of thinking was the kind that a child would have, before a very nasty awakening into the
complicated world of adulthood.

 

Wilhelm wondered if this was the sort of attitude that Subaru had been afraid of exposing. If
that was the case, then his promise held true: he wouldn’t judge him for such a callous
attitude.

 

“This is very different from how he was conducting himself a few moments ago,” Crusch
observed calmly, watching the screen with an alert look on her face.

 

“…Is it, now?” Anastasia asked, keeping her voice mild.

 

“We saw how he was interacting with Emilia, Rom, and Felt in the first two — loops,”
Crusch said, faltering slightly over the final word before shaking her head and continuing.
“Did he seem particularly cold or judgemental when he was talking to any of them?” she
asked. “I believe that he has been perfectly warm and genuine with everyone, up until now.”

 

Mimi perked up. “And the only thing that changed…!” she exclaimed.



 

“Was him learning about — his ability,” Crusch confirmed. “Something about that realization
appears to have altered his perception of his reality. Though how significant that alteration
is…”

 

That part, of course, remained to be seen.

 

“My, my.” A slight smile spread across Anastasia’s face, and she leaned to rest her cheek
against the palm of her hand. “How impressive, Lady Crusch,” she praised. “I wasn’t sure if
you would notice that.”

 

Though of course she had. Having at least that level of observation was one of the
qualifications for a Royal Candidate, as far as Anastasia was concerned — and she was
already well-aware that Crusch was certainly a worthy Candidate.

 

Though, the rumors surrounding her condition had made her wonder, just a bit…

 

Julius frowned. “I’m not sure that now is the right time to be seizing up your competition,
Lady Anastasia.”

 

Anastasia dipped her head back at him and gave nothing — not an acquiescence, not a
rebuttal — in return.

 

“It’s an understandable reaction,” Ricardo sighed. “Not the most favorable, but — I can
understand how someone’s perspective might shift, in circumstances like that…”

 

As those few had their discussion, Subaru frantically continued to try and apologize to Felt,
his face absolutely miserable with shame. “I— I don’t know how I could have said something
like that, really,” he insisted. “I just…!”

 



“I’ve already forgiven you, Big Bro,” Felt dismissed. “It’s not the sort of thing I’d really
expect from you, but I guess everyone has their moments…”

 

“And it’s like it’s going to last,” Garfiel added.

 

“…You’re not worried?” Rachins asked warily.

 

“Oh please.” Garfiel rolled his eyes. There was a lot about this situation that he hated, but—
“Captain would never leave anyone to die if he could do something about it,” he declared.
“We all know that.”

 

[“But you know, I hate it.”]

 

“Told you,” Garfiel said, not even slightly surprised.

 

The unease didn’t leave his shoulders, however: that feeling stemmed from a different source.

 

Frederica felt a little bad. She HAD doubted Subaru, for a moment. She wished she hadn’t: it
had been a silly thing to think.

 

[“It feels terrible,” Subaru was sighing. “I know those two are far from being saints, but
knowing that someone you know is going to be killed, that’s just impossible to
ignore…!”]

 

It wasn’t like anyone had really expected him to do anything else, now was it?

 

(Rem silently folded her arms, her face carefully blank. She didn’t buy that change of heart
for a minute — absolutely not.)

 



[I thought of myself as so uncaring, Subaru was lamenting. But I guess that was just an
act after all. Now that it’s real life, it’s so much heavier… But I guess that makes me so
shallow, changing one of my core beliefs the minute things get tough.]

 

Ram snorted. “‘Uncaring’,” she echoed. Barusu had always been anything but. Nearby,
Garfiel snickered, and Otto coughed into his fist. Frederica shook her head.

 

“…Shush,” Subaru muttered, his face pink.

 

“It’s not really like any of ya have room to talk,” Anastasia murmured to herself, watching
their camp’s interactions from afar.

 

[“And of course, there’s Satella— er, that girl. I can’t just abandon her like that…!”]

 

“Oh, for Od’s sake,” Rom groaned, pinching the bridge of his nose.

 

Julius looked like he was about to have a seizure. “Don’t use that name in front of…!”

 

“I don’t think he heard him?” Hetaro voiced hopefully, watching the merchant’s stony face. “I
— I HOPE he didn’t hear him…”

 

“It’s not like Barusu could have known,” Ram hissed, made tense all over again. “But even if
he couldn’t have known…!”

 

[That’s right, Subaru was thinking. “Satella” was some sort of pseudonym. Which means
— I hadn’t built up enough relationship points with her, so at one of the scenario forks I
failed to get her real name…]

 

“ ‘Relationship points’, ” Rem echoed flatly.

 



Frederica frowned.

 

“One of those Subaru-isms of his,” Otto sighed. “Natsuki-san has a lot of those.”

 

“It sounds like something out of a children’s game,” Rem pointed out. “If that’s how he sees
everyone here, then…”

 

“Don’t talk that way about Captain,” Garfiel warned, his eyes flashing. “He’s — He’s had his
moments and all, but he’s a good man! And you, of all people…!”

 

Rem didn’t know what the youth could mean by that, but she was wise enough not to press
any further. If things continued in this manner, then they would likely see her side of things
soon enough.

 

On the other side of the room, Anastasia pursed her lips.

 

[“In that case, I guess I’ll have to work hard enough for her to actually give me her real
name this time,” Subaru decided. He started to stretch, getting ready to move as the
merchant stared at him. “There’s just some times when a man’s gotta do what a man’s
gotta do!” he proclaimed theatrically, striking a pose. “Right, old man?”]

 

[“Yeah, yeah,” the merchant said, not at all impressed. “That’s exactly the way it is.
Totally agree. So go on and get out of here.”]

 

[And thus, Subaru was chased out.]

 

Everyone in the theater breathed a massive sigh of relief.

 

“I’m so glad nothing happened,” Ram muttered. “But, Barusu, you really ought to—”

 



“I think you’ve made it clear enough, Nee-sama—!”

 

“I don’t think she has even begun to make it clear enough, in fact!” Beatrice said hotly. “For
you to be so reckless with your life—!”

 

“Et tu, Beako?!”

 

“…Coping mechanism or not,” Crusch murmured as the Emilia Camp bickered, her eyes
narrowed at the meteor. “For Subaru to distance himself from seeing the people around him
as — people, in order to protect himself…”

 

“It’s not all that uncommon a response, Lady Crusch,” Wilhelm said gently. “I have met
many a soldier over the years that has done much the same, especially in the heat of danger.”

 

“He certainly doesn’t stay that way,” Hetaro mumbled. “We all know…”

 

“Would we know?” Tivey asked quietly. Hetaro stopped. “If he really played into it, then…”

 

“…Well,” Anastasia said uncomfortable. “I guess that we are going to find out.”

 

Ferris still wasn’t paying attention at all, shivering like mad as he leaned against Wilhelm’s
side, gripping his arms in a wild daze.

 

[“If you don’t wanna get hurt,” a familiar voice interrupted, bringing all conversation
within the theater to a screeching halt. “Cough up everything you’ve got!”]

 

“Not THIS again!” Mimi shouted, both frustrated and deeply upset by the familiar sight.

 

Rachins shrank backwards, away from the screen.



 

Ram narrowed her eyes at the back of his head, her hand gripping itself into a fist. “What will
you lot do to him this time…?”

 

Rom let out a slow, aching breath.

 

[Why do I keep running into these guys? Subaru complained inwardly. It’s nowhere near
this easy to encounter that girl, or Felt, but these random background characters… They
must have picked me out as a target early on. That must be how it is…]

 

“That’s probably exactly what happened,” Felt sighed. “You made yourself look like an easy
target, and the local thugs decided to take you up on the other. Isn’t that right, Rachins…?”

 

“Yeah,” Rachins confirmed hoarsely. “That’s — That’s exactly what we did.”

 

But even so, he really, genuinely had not meant to…!

 

[“Just what is this fool mumbling about?” Gaston scowled.]

 

[“He’s probably just too clueless to understand what’s going on,” Rachins grinned.
“How about we show him?”]

 

Emilia gritted her teeth. She was holding herself back, for — for Subaru’s sake — but if that
boy hurt her beloved knight again, she—!

 

Rachins groaned loudly, and it ended with something that sounded like a strangled sob. He
wasn’t even paying attention to the eyes of everyone else anymore.

 

“Rachins, it’s really not a big deal!” Subaru tried to call out. “I didn’t even really remember
that, honest—!”



 

“The fuck is that supposed to mean?!” Rachins cried, lashing out in his despair. “I still— I
still—!”

 

[The bar set for the conditions necessary to clear this event isn’t even that high, Subaru
marveled. But there’s not a 100 percent chance that I’ll be able to make it out of this alley,
so…]

 

“The fucking game-speak again,” Ricardo hissed out, tense as the string of a crossbow. “I get
it, I get it and all, but…!”

 

Maybe this is all still an illusion, Rachins tried to tell himself. We still haven’t seen anything
familiar yet — maybe Subaru is just fucking with us, and that spirit, too—!

 

It would be a nasty joke, the kind that he’d never, ever forgive, not in a million years. But
please, if this could just be a cruel, nasty joke, then—!

 

[“I’m getting sick of seeing your faces, Tonchinkan,” Subaru sighed. “But after four
times, I’ve learned my lesson.”]

 

Rachins’ eyes widened. Something about how Subaru had said that— “That—!”

 

[Subaru took a deep breath, and then shouted, as loud as he could:]

 

[“GUARDS!!”]

 

Reinhard took a deep breath. “That’s—!”

 

Rachins croaked something intelligible. Because that meant that this was the right loop,
but…



 

If they had reached the right loop, then that meant the former loops had all been true as well.

 

And that meant—!

 

“Rachins,” Reinhard’s voice interrupted. Rachins flinched violently away on impulse, but —
the Sword Saint’s voice carried no anger within it this time.

 

[“Someone!” Subaru was crying out. “Someone please call some men over here!”]

 

[“Wha— What, are you kidding me?! You’re really going to start calling for help?!
Who does that?!”]

 

[“In this sort of situation you’re supposed to listen to us if you want to avoid getting
hurt!” Camberley agreed frantically. “You’re just going to ignore us and call for help?!
That’s not normal!”]

 

“I know,” Rachins hissed out, gripping his head. “I know, I know, I know—!”

 

“Rachins,” Reinhard said gently. “It’s not something you can…”

 

“Don’t give me that crap,” he forced out. “I know what I did. We all know what I…!”

 

[“What?! Don’t give me ‘That’s not normal’! In what world is this not normal?”
Subaru jerked theatrically. “Oh! It can’t be! You’re not saying that you’re trying to do
something where it’d be trouble if I called out, are you? Oh my God!”]

 

[“Shut up! You know what we mean!”]

 



Rom wanted to help comfort Rachins. He had taken lives before, so he understood the
feelings that came with that. But in a situation like this, where Rachins hadn’t even
remembered doing such a thing enough to feel properly guilty — Rom had no idea what he
could do.

 

[“I’m not listening! I can’t hear you through that thick wall of insincerity! Police!!”]

 

Oddly enough, this was the scene that finally served to bring Ferris back to his senses.

 

He took a deep breath. Exhaled. Flexed his fingers. Slowly and shakily untangled himself
from Wilhelm’s side.

 

Wilhelm noticed, of course. “Felix…?” he asked.

 

“‘M fine,” Ferris muttered. It wasn’t very convincing, but it was leagues better than where he
had been a few moments ago. “Sorry, Old Man Will.”

 

“…You have nothing to apologize for.”

 

Ferris still wasn’t calm, but he didn’t seem like he was on the verge of a heart attack
anymore. The Sword Demon hovered over him worriedly, ready to jump back in if it looked
like the healer needed him again.

 

“—Wait.” Mimi frowned. “Why isn’t anyone…?”

 

[“Well,” Subaru said awkwardly. “Looks like that didn’t work.”]

 

“It did,” Reinhard said, though his voice sounded a little uncertain. “I…I’m sure this is the
one.”

 



[“Threatening us like that…” Gaston said. “I almost got a bit scared there, man.”]

 

[“Just a little bit!” Rachins asserted hastily.]

 

[“Not even a little bit!” Camberley corrected. “Only a tiny bit!”]

 

Rachins didn’t look uncertain at all, staring up at the screen with a dull expression on his
face. Reinhard glanced at him with worry in his eyes. “Rachins…”

 

“Don’t, Reinhard,” he muttered. He was so exhausted. “Just— don’t.”

 

[“Why are you the only one without a weapon?” Subaru said to taunt his largest
adversary, who was currently being flanked by two men with a knife and a hand axe,
respectively. “What, didn’t you have the money to buy something?”]



Frederica jolted. “Subaru!” she snapped.

 

Rom pinched the bridge of his nose, exhaling slowly.

 

Julius flinched violently, gnashing his teeth together in an uncharacteristically uncouth
fashion. “Subaru, for FUCKS SAKE—!”

 

Anastasia would have been very taken aback by her normally very composed knight’s
outburst if she herself had not felt something crack at Subaru’s outrageous response to his
perilous situation.

 

Rachins hissed, tensing up as anger flared across his face. “I forgot just how—!”

 

“Of all the things to say—!” Felt shouted, an astounded look on her face. “And to three men
you KNOW are trying to rob you?!”



 

“Natsuki-san,” Otto hissed, looking seconds away from a heart attack. “Natsuki-san, why on
Earth would you think—!”

 

“And you’d already— what were you thinking?!” Rachins demanded. “If I’d already fucking
— then WHAT were you THINKING?!”

 

[“Shut up!” Gaston snarled, cracking his knuckles. “I’m stronger without a weapon! I’ll
beat you to death, you little punk!”]

 

[“Man, I would have loved to show you all what happened to you guys the second time
around!”]

 

Julius was going to have an aneurysm. He was genuinely going to have an aneurysm.
“Subaru—!”

 

“Of all the things you could do in that situation!” Ram snarled. “Barusu, I know you can’t
read a room to— but even YOU should be able to tell—!”

 

Ricardo took a deep breath, gripping the armrests of his seat. Normally he would only laugh
at the sight of a young boy picking a fight with his peers, but right now—!

 

“Is Subaru— always like this?” Crusch managed.

 

Wilhelm wanted to say no. But if he really thought about it, then…

 

Oh, he did NOT like the image that answer conjured up.

 

[Huh, Subaru finally realized. I’m in a pretty bad spot right now, actually. I might not
make it out of this.]



 

[“Can’t you guys let me off easy?” he attempted to weedle. “I’m not a big fan of pain.”]

 

“NOW you say that?!” Felt squawked. “Right after purposefully riling all of them up?! What
kind of a dumbass are you?!”

 

“Can you not think before you act a little more often, I suppose?!” Beatrice cried out.

 

[Dying really does suck, Subaru reflected, perhaps a little too late. I’ll never get used to
that. And the pain of blades, too, it always felt fresh and was always a shock, I’ll never get
used to that, either. I don’t want to die like that again…!]

 

Emilia let out a strangled sob, burying her face in her hands. Her poor knight…!

 

“E-Emilia-tan, please don’t—!”

 

Anastasia figured that such a flimsy-sounding conviction was — at least a START.

 

[The knife is the most dangerous weapon here, obviously, Subaru decided as the three
men drew closer. That axe is rusty, so if I block it with my bag I can get away with a blunt
hit. And the weaponless guy is obviously a safe bet, so—]

 

“THAT’S NOT HOW THIS WORKS, YOU IDIOT!” Rachins yelled.

 

“Captain…!” Garfiel hissed, every muscle taut as he stared up at the meteor.

 

Felt rubbed her face with a groan that sounded almost like she was starting to weep.

 



[“That’s enough.”]

 

“—Huh?” Julius suddenly leaned forward, alert.

 

“Is that…?” Mimi asked — and of course, she was right.

 

[There he was, with his flaming red hair and piercing blue eyes, striding down the alley
to place himself right between Subaru and the three thugs.]

 

[“No matter what the circumstances are, I will not allow you to perpetrate any more
violence against this young man,” Reinhard declared. “That is enough.”]

 

And just like that, everyone in theater breathed an enormous sigh of relief.

 

“Thank fuck…” Felt muttered, sinking into her seat. Garfiel practically collapsed backwards,
his head bonking against the floor. He could not care less. Otto looked dizzy. “And —
Reinhard…?”

 

“I remember this,” Reinhard confirmed, staring up at the meteor with a look of aching relief.
“I remember…!”

 

[Having no idea who Reinhard was, Subaru simply blinked at him uncomprehendingly.
But the three thugs knew exactly who they were facing, and all of them had abruptly
gone pale.]

 

[“That burning red hair and sky-blue eyes…plus that knight’s sword engraved with the
image of dragon’s claws…” Gaston took a slow step backwards, quivering. “It can’t
be…!”]

 

[“Reinhard…” Rachins finished, trembling all over. “Are you the Master Swordsman
Reinhard?!”]



 

“If you remember—” Julius broke into a smile of enormous relief. “If both of you remember,
then that has to mean—!”

 

“He survives this time!” Mimi cried out. “That means — he has to survive!”

 

[“Well, I suppose I don’t have to waste time introducing myself,” Reinhard joked. “…
Although I am not fond of that title everyone goes me. It’s still too heavy for me…”]

 

Felt frowned at that. It wasn’t the first time she had heard Reinhard voice something similar,
of course: the big idiot hardly ever shut up about it, whenever he was asked about his title.
But…

 

Frederica swallowed. If that was true, than it also meant…

 

Rachins wasn’t paying attention in the least. “But you know what else that means, right?” he
hissed out. Mimi faltered. “Because if THIS really happened, then—!”

 

Mimi’s smile slipped off of her face like water.

 

Garfiel made a croaking sound, a fresh look of devastation spreading through his eyes. He
slowly turned to where his Captain was helplessly watching him from within his jar. “Su…”
He swallowed. “Subaru…?”

 

Subaru stared helplessly back, completely lost on what he could possibly say.

 

[“If you’re planning on running away, I’ll let you off this time,” Reinhard offered. “Just
head back out towards the main street. However, if you plan on being stubborn, you will
have to deal with me.”]

 



“Awfully generous,” Julius muttered. He wasn’t sure how he felt about Reinhard being
generous, here. The image of Subaru falling down, bleeding out like—!

 

But there was no way that Reinhard could have known about that. Even RACHINS hadn’t
known about that.

 

Part of Rachins wished that Reinhard had not been so generous. The rest of him was a
coward that didn’t want to get hurt, even when he knew that he deserved it.

 

[“We’re down three against two,” Reinhard admitted to Subaru, who was standing
behind him. “They have the advantage on us in numbers. I’m not sure if the little help I
can give will be enough to make a difference, but I will do the best I can, on my honor as
a knight.”]



Frederica almost laughed. Almost.

 

[“Wha— What?!” Camberley exclaimed. “Are you kidding me?! This isn’t even a
contest!”]

 

[And with that, Subaru’s three would-be assailants had fled.]

 

“All’s well that ends well, I suppose,” Beatrice said numbly. With the end finally in sight, she
felt a sense of emotional exhaustion overtake her from head to toe. “Isn’t that what…?”

 

“All’s well that ends well, yes!” Subaru said quickly, eagerly. “You’re so smart, Beako, you
really are!”

 

Beatrice didn’t know how to respond to that, and so she didn’t say anything back at all.

 

Emilia swallowed, and then nodded. “All’s well that ends well,” she agreed. “Yes, if— Yes.”

 



If that was how Subaru saw it, then that was all that mattered, right now. …Right?

 

[All that tension is gone, Subaru realized. Did he put on airs like that on purpose? He did
that on purpose, didn’t he…]

 

[“For you to do all of that and still keep so cool…” Subaru muttered. “It’s like you and
I aren’t of the same species.”]

 

Julius understood the feeling well, when it came to Reinhard.

 

(Reinhard winced.)

 

[Subaru shook himself back to his senses, and then prostrated himself before Reinhard
gratefully. “A-Allow me to thank you for saving my life!” he exclaimed. “I, Natsuki
Subaru, deeply admire your selflessness and bravery…!”]

 

A tired laugh suddenly echoed through the theater.

 

Everyone’s eyes darted over to where Ferris had regained enough composure to finally sit up
straight, a bit of his usual mischief finally re-entering his face as he turned to face Subaru in
his jar.

 

“Ferris…?” Subaru questioned, looking concerned.

 

“Nyes, nyes, Subaru-kyun,” Ferris teased, a shaky, wobbly, exhausted smile slowly forming
on his cheeks. “Good boy, thanking Reinyard so sweetly, good boy…”

 

Subaru squawked loudly.

 



[Reinhard smiled awkwardly. “You’re giving me too much credit,” he said. “It was
because their advantage of three against one fell to three against two that they became
unsure of themselves. It would have been different if it was only me against them…”]

 

[“No…” Subaru mused. “Given how scared they were of you, even if it were then
against one…or even a hundred against one…”]

 

“For all he might be saying that,” Crusch observed. “Subaru is awfully at ease right now.”

 

“That…is true,” Ricardo noted uncomfortably.

 

“It’s nyot like Reinyard would actually do anything to Subaru-kyun,” Ferris dismissed, his
voice growing stronger by the minute. “Reinyard’s a total puppy…”

 

[“Anyway, what’s with your gallantry stats?!” Subaru cried. “You’re like a saint both in
body and mind. You’re so brilliant I think I’m going to go blind!”]

 

[Seriously, his nice guy index is off the charts here…!]

 

“Nyaww, is Subaru-kyun feeling a little embarrassed?” Ferris cooed, his mischief growing
stronger and stronger. “Is Reinyard just soooo perfect, and wonderful, and amazing…?”

 

“Wha—?!” Subaru scrambled to the back of his jar, eyes wide and cheeks scarlet. “Why are
you ganging up on me like that all of a sudden?!” he cried.

 

Ferris’ teasing was a bit rusty — his voice was still a little raspy, and he was clumsy with his
targeting — but the insinuation that Subaru had thought anything like THAT about Reinhard
seemed to be enough to do the trick regardless. Subaru was staring at Ferris with a look of
panicked, mortified horror. Ricardo took one look at him and busted out laughing.

 

“SHUT UP!!”



 

[“Umm…I can just call you by your name — Reinhard-san, right?” Subaru asked
hesitantly.]

 

[“No need for such formality,” Reinhard said eagerly. “You may just call me Reinhard,
Subaru.”]

 

[He closed the distance like it was nothing!]

 

Felt coughed into her fist. “You need more friends,” she commented.

 

“Aww, Subaru and Reinhard became close right off the bat!” Ricardo teased. “Perhaps they
really are a match made in—”

 

“Stop it, stop it, stop it—!”

 

“Nyew make it sooo easy, Subaru-kyun! It’s like nyew WANT us to—”

 

“NOOO—!”

 

“I quite like the thought of us being a match,” Reinhard said mildly, trying to sound
nonchalant. Subaru squeaked. The Sword Saint send a brilliant smile his way. “After all, I
really do value you as one of my dearest friends, Subaru…”

 

From the look on his face, Reinhard’s words were the ultimate bullseye. “That’s not…”
Subaru croaked out, his face as red as the man’s hair. “That’s not what that…!”

 

[“Anyway, thanks again, Reinhard,” Subaru said gratefully. “You’re the only one who
came running when I called! I have to say, it makes me feel a bit lonely that no one else
seemed to care…”]



 

“Hey, yeah, nobody else came!” Garfiel suddenly realized. “What the Hell— nobody?!”

 

“That’s really not fair at all!” Mimi agreed hotly.

 

[“I don’t really want to say this, but I think I can understand them,” Reinhard sighed.
“For the majority of people, the risk of interfering when thugs are involved is too great.
You were right to call for the guards.”]

 

“That is just how the world works,” Anastasia said mildly. “Nobody is ever really going to do
anything if they don’t get something out of it. That’s just — life.”

 

Mimi frowned. “I…I guess…”

 

“Well.” Anastasia frowned, looking at the foolish black-haired boy on the meteor. “That’s the
ideal — or how it should be, in a sense…”

 

Frederica privately thought that she and Lady Anastasia had very different ideals.

 

[“Are you a guard, Reinhard?” Subaru asked. “You don’t look like one at all…”]

 

Julius snorted loudly, and then — finally — started to genuinely laugh out loud.

 

Subaru looked somewhat mortified. “L-Look!” he tried to defend himself. “I-I just thought
that guards were supposed to look rougher, that’s all! We didn’t HAVE—”

 

“Was that disappointing?” Ferris asked. “Were nya hoping that Reinyard would look a little
rougher, Subaru-kyun—”

 



“Can it!”

 

[“By the way,” Reinhard was saying. “I thought that your hair and clothes, and also
your name are pretty unusual. Where are you from? Why did you come to the capital of
Lugunica?”]

 

[“It’s a little hard to answer that question,” Subaru admitted. “Last time when I said ‘a
small country to the east’ it didn’t work, so let me rephrase that. I’ve come from a place
even farther east than here, a place no one has ever seen before — from the ends of the
Earth.”]

 

[“Farther east than Lugunica…” Reinhard blinked. “You can’t mean from beyond the
Great Waterfall. Is that supposed to be a joke?”]

 

“You KNEW?!” Felt squawked.

 

“I didn’t realize that he was being serious, Lady Felt!”

 

“How many things has Natsuki-san told us that we all just dismissed as a joke?” Otto
wondered aloud.

 

“I kind of assumed that he was ALWAYS joking,” Frederica admitted.

 

“What’s THAT supposed to mean?!” Subaru cried.

 

[“It doesn’t seem like you’re trying to fool me or anything, but… Well, that’s fine.”
Reinhard shook his head. “Anyway — it looks certain that you’re not from the capital,
but you have a reason for being here, right? Right now, Lugunica is not as peaceful as it
normally is. Whatever you’re here for, I’d be glad to help.”]

 

[Subaru suddenly brightened. “Can you come with me to the Loot House?”]





“Yes!” Garfiel shouted joyfully.

 

[“The Loot House?”]

 

[Subaru suddenly remembered the horror of his two encounters with Elsa. The blood,
the pain, Emilia dead right on the floor beside—!]

 

[“N-Never mind,” he managed. “Forget it. I can’t trouble you with something like
that…” He took a deep breath. “I’ll handle the rest on my own, somehow.”]

 

“Noooo,” Garfiel groaned.

The smile slipped off of Julius’ face instantly, replaced with an angry, frightened scowl.
“Subaru—!”

 

Frederica managed to keep herself from following that unladylike example by a very slim
margin.

 

“I didn’t KNOW!” Subaru squawked, mortification vanishing in the light of such genuine
anger and fright. “I didn’t realize that Reinhard— and anyway, it all worked out, didn’t it?!”

 

“It did actually work out, Julius,” Reinhard said, taking pity on Subaru as he placed his hand
on the knight’s shoulder. Julius glanced back at him, and then took a deep breath to try and
calm himself down.

 

“Natsuki-san,” Otto sighed, burying his head in his hands. “What was your PLAN?”

 

“I-I’d thought about just catching Felt myself,” Subaru offered meekly. “Or — maybe getting
some guards involved…er, except Emilia didn’t want—”

 



“Hold on — you thought that you might be able to catch Felt?” Ram asked dubiously.

 

Subaru wilted. “Not… Not really.”

 

“Hmph.” Ram folded her arms. “Stupid Barusu. At least you understood that much.”

 

“At least it all worked out, in the end,” Emilia sighed.

 

[“Have you seen a silver-haired girl with a white robe walking around in this area?”
Subaru asked.]

 

[Reinhard blinked. “A white robe and silver hair…?”]

 

[“She’s also extremely gorgeous!”]

 

“What a suspicious thing to ask,” Ram sighed.

 

“At least Subaru-kyun was fortunyate enough to ask the right person,” Ferris pointed out.
“Reinyard might be suspicious, but he’d listen.”

 

“He would still be suspicious, though,” Julius replied. “As he should be, really, at a question
like that…”

 

[Reinhard indeed looked very suspicious. “…What do you plan on doing when you find
her?” he asked.]

 

[“Something she lost…er,” Subaru frowned. “I guess something she’s looking for?
Anyway, I want to give what she’s looking for back to her.”]



 

“And that’s not a reassuring answer at all…!” Otto groaned, pinching the bridge of his nose.
“Natsuki-san, why are you always…?”

 

Perhaps it was simply a cultural difference after all. Perhaps everyone from beyond the Great
Waterfall was — a bit of a freak.

 

[“Unfortunately, I can’t say I’ve seen anyone like that,” Reinhard said slowly. “If you’d
like, though, I don’t mind helping you find her.”]

 

[“I can’t ask that much of you,” Subaru dismissed, waving him off. “It’s all right. I’ll
figure things out in my own.”]

 

“Subaru—!” Julius gritted out.

 

“Moron,” Ram said flatly. “You are an utter moron, Barusu.”

 

“He was right there—!” Mimi cried. “Why— WHY would you not—?!”

 

“I DIDN’T KNOW!!”

 

[“Thanks again, Reinhard,” Subaru was saying, getting ready to leave. “I’ll have to
return the favor one day. …Can I meet you again if I go to a guard station or
something?”]

 

[“I think so,” Reinhard said. “If you just give my name, they’ll know where to find me.
I’d love to see you again, so stop by for any reason at all.”]

 

[“Have I really done or said anything to raise our relationship score that much…?”]



 

“Adornyable,” Ferris teased, his tail twitching theatrically. “The two of nya are just
ADORNYABLE, nyew knyow that~?”

 

“Oh shut it, fleabag—!”

 

“Subaru, PLEASE don’t go around calling demihumans fleabags!” Julius warned frantically,
suddenly having a horrible feeling curl in his gut. “It could seriously land you in trouble if
you said something like that to the wrong person—!”

 

[“Anyway, if I ever get stuck or lost again I’ll be sure to stop by!”]

 

[“Be careful!” Reinhard called after him, watching Subaru closely as he finally left the
alley.]

 

“You two sure took yer sweet time saying goodbye to one another,” Anastasia commented
wryly. “Perhaps ya really are a match…”

 

“Would you stop saying that?!”

 

Reinhard frowned, a little hurt. “Do you really want to not be a match with me that badly,
Subaru?” he asked. “Is it really…?”

 

“Yes! No! I— I mean—” Subaru’s eyes darted around as he frantically looked for a way out
of this conundrum. “Ferris, I’m going to—!”

 

“Nyes, nyes, Subaru-kyun, why wouldn’t nyew want to be a match with Reinyard?” Ferris
asked, widening his eyes so that they were big and soulful. “Aren’t nyew two just the bestest
of friends? I just assumed…”

 



“You know EXACTLY what you’re doing, you mangy little—!”

 

“Please don’t go around calling demihumans mangy either, Subaru!”

 

[“Old man, I’ve got something I’d like to ask you.” While everyone in the theater had
been conversing amongst themselves, Subaru had approached Kadomon again. The
merchant had a sour, unenthusiastic look in his face. “Have you seen any sort of
commotion happen around here lately?”]

 

[“You’ve got guts asking me a question without buying anything,” Kadomon retorted.]

 

“You sure are getting acquainted with him, aren’t you?” Wilhelm sighed. But of course
Kadomon had developed such a soft spot for Subaru: the Sword Demon could see right away
why the appa merchant might find the boy charming.

 

“Barusu just goes around bothering all of the local merchants constantly until they give in,”
Ram said. “This is apparently his routine whenever he goes into town for groceries.”

 

“Wha— How can you say that when I always get the best deals—!”

 

“You only get the best deals because you pester them until they comply!” she shot back.

 

“And actually,” Otto chimed in. “I’m normally the one who…”

 

“Unless you’re hungover,” Garfiel pointed out.

 

“Why do you all treat me like I’m always getting drunk?!”

 



[ He had been willing to help before — but that was after we had brought back his
daughter! Subaru realized. “How could I have forgotten about that?!” he exclaimed.
“Don’t tell me that I have to go find her first?”]

 

Crusch frowned. “That is an odd way to frame that scenario…”

 

“He was still thinking of it as a game of some sort, I suppose,” Anastasia sighed. “And of the
people around him as characters who just needed…certain requirements to be met.”

 

She hoped that Subaru had grown out of that with time. Having a super-powered individual
running around with a mindset like that would be…

 

Just the one Cecilus Segmunt was more than enough for the world to handle.

 

[“What are you talking about?” Kadomon scowled. “Oh, fine. Whatever. Look,
kiddo…”]

 

Wilhelm chuckled. Of course Kadomon would give in. Of course.

 

“And of course it worked,” Ram sighed, rolling her eyes. “Barusu always appeals to older
men, it seems…”

 

“Do you have to say it like that?!”

 

[“If that’s the case then I was too late this time around,” Subaru realized.]

 

“I must’ve struck while he was ruminating about his situation,” Felt sighed. “Or while you
three numbskulls were targeting him in the alley…”

 



Rachins didn’t respond to the gentle, lighthearted jibe, his face still buried in his arms. He
was the only one in the room whose spirit had not been raised even a little bit.

 

[“If I go too late, then it’ll be what happened the first time all over again. However, if I
go and meet up with Rom and wait for Felt, then I’ll end up repeating what happened
the second time around…”]

 

[The most important thing is Felt’s location, Subaru decided. If I can just meet up with
her before she arrives at the Loot House…!]

 

“And so he goes off to find my house,” Felt concluded, remembering how she met Subaru
back then herself — or, how this version met him, anyway. “And that’s how I find him
rooting through my stuff…”

 

“Pervert Barusu,” Ram jibed.

 

“Could you try not to make it sound so bad, maybe?!”

 

[“Maybe I could just rely on Return By Death and use this time just to gather
information…?”]

 

“NO!” everyone shouted in unison, the lighthearted atmosphere evaporating like mist in
sunlight. The ferocity of the assertion was enough to throw Subaru backwards across the
floor of his jar.

 

“Nyever suggest something like that AGAIN, nyew dumb fuck!” Ferris lashed out, his voice
having been abruptly drained of all its mirth. His eyes were wide and bloodshot with rage.
Subaru stared at him with a shocked sort of fright. “For nyew to — to DIE for such a stupid,
STUPID—!”

 

“I won’t, I won’t!” Subaru cried out, pressed all the way up against the back of his cage. All
of a sudden, he really couldn’t have been more grateful for the barrier between him and all



the angry, angry eyes pointed his way. If looks could kill, he’d already be waking up a week
ago… “Ferris, I swear—!”

 

“You better mean that, in fact!” Beatrice barked, in exactly the way she never did when
Subaru was the target of her ire. “For you to — Do you know what that would do to Betty, in
fact?!”

 

“She’s not the only one, Barusu,” Ram snarled. Her fists were clenched so tightly her
knuckles were turning white. “If you even THINK about such a thing again, then I assure you
— whatever manner in which you choose to complete such a task will PALE in comparison
to what I, PERSONALLY, will do to you!”

 

“I swear— I was just— I was being an idiot!” Subaru babbled frantically. “I’d never to that to
you, never!”

 

Emilia stared at him with wide eyes, mute with horror at the very thought.

 

Subaru wouldn’t do something like that to me, she told herself. He’d never…

 

The image of his dead body, bleeding out from being cut with a knife—

 

Of course he wouldn’t, she insisted. Subaru loves me. He told me that himself.

 

[No, Subaru refused quickly. Dying is so painful, and anyway, what if it doesn’t work a
fourth time?! I can’t do something like…]

 

Everyone visibly relaxed.

 

Ferris sighed in relief. It almost sounded exaggerated, except that everyone knew that it was
not. He sank down into his seat. “Good boy,” he said aloud. There was none of his prior



mischief in his tone. “…Don’t nyew dare decide on anything else, Subaru-kyun. Or I’ll make
sure nyew regret it forever.”

 

Subaru swallowed. “R-Right…”

 

[“In the end, I’ve really got to cling to life as long as I can,” Subaru decided with a sigh.
“Well, I suppose that goes without saying, though…”]

 

“It should,” Wilhelm said darkly. He had left that matter to Subaru’s own camp — but he’d
be lying if he said that his heart had not skipped a beat at such a horrible suggestion.

 

“It does,” Julius sighed with relief. “For now, at least — it does.”

 

For now, at least. Frederica agreed with that.

 

For now, at least. Such a sentiment was one that Anastasia shared, albeit for very different
reasons. She glanced at Subaru warily, and then silently turned to continue watching the
meteor. If such a thing only lasted “for now”…

 

She would find a way to deal with it, if such a thing were the case.

 

[“I don’t know why you suddenly decided to help me, but thanks, old man,” Subaru
said.]

 

[“It’s no big deal.” Kadomon waved him off. “Just a little while ago, another broke kid
helped my little girl out, see.”]

 

[Subaru burst out laughing. Oh, the power of fate…! ]

 



Anastasia wordlessly turned to look at Emilia, who was now smiling ever so slightly. Of
course, she sighed inwardly. Who else would it be?



Frederica chuckled, thinking much the same.

 

[“All right!” Subaru punched the air, hyping himself up. “I’m really going to get going
now. Next time I’ll buy one of your appas for sure!”]

 

[“Well, if you do you’ll be a customer, and I’ll welcome ya,” Kadomon replied easily.
“Work hard, broke kid!”]

 

Slowly, tentatively, the lighter atmosphere from before returned to the theater.

 

“Is Kadomon always going to know you as that one broke kid?” Wilhelm wondered aloud.
Perhaps he should try referring to Subaru that way next time he saw the man, just to see what
would happen…

 

“It isn’t the worst moniker to have,” Crusch sighed.

 

“He’s probably fonder of it than his OTHER moniker,” Ferris giggled.

 

“Do you mean the Lolimancer?” Julius frowned. “I think that’s quite the adorable title,
really…”

 

“Shut it!” Subaru barked, his face a flaming red. “I didn’t ask for a title like that, you know
—!”

 

Julius didn’t get the embarrassment: to be known for one’s talent with young children was a
wonderful thing, was it not?

 



(Next to him, Ricardo briefly wondered if he should illuminate the unfavorable connotations
of such a moniker to his friend. He decided against it.)

 

[“Hmm, before I go over there…” Subaru eyed a puddle of mud nearby.]

 

“Hm?” Julius eyed the meteor warily.

 

[The first time I visited the slums, I had just gotten beaten up by Tonchinkan, and the folks
there had pitied me and been fairly cooperative, Subaru reasoned. The second time I
hadn’t taken much damage, and the difference in how people treated me before and then
was like night and day…]

 

Rom snorted.

 

“Oh, that is DIRTY,” Garfiel cackled.

 

“In a couple of ways,” Wilhelm agreed wryly, though his lips had curled upwards in
amusement.



“Honestly,” Frederica sighed, grimacing at the dirty sight before her. 

 

“It isn’t exactly a dignified way of doing things,” Anastasia said, watching as the Subaru
onscreen rolled about in the mud, making sure he was absolutely covered in filth. “But, I
suppose…”

 

“If it works, it works!” Mimi finished cheerfully. “I like rolling in the mud!”

 

“But you hate getting your hair dirty, onee-chan,” Hetaro reminded her.

 

“I can roll in the mud without getting my hair dirty!”



 

“It’s where Barusu belongs,” Ram said. “Rolling about in the mud, like a common mutt.”

 

Otto sighed, unable to defend Subaru’s dignity at such a sight even if he wanted to.

 

“I think it’s kind of cute,” Emilia giggled, watching as Subaru admired his filthy self, looking
all proud of a job well done. “He really does act like a puppy sometimes, you know…”

 

“‘M not a puppy…” Subaru whimpered.

 

Overhearing his Captain’s pathetic little whine, Garfiel started laughing hysterically.

 

[“No problem, brother,” the man Subaru had needled about where to find Felt said. He
had a look of pity in his eyes. “You uh…live strong and take care of yourself out there,
alright?”]

 

Felt snorted. “Of course they fell for it,” she muttered. “I saw through you right away, Big
Bro: you completely overdid it.”

 

Subaru remembered. He didn’t respond, face buried in his knees.

 

[“Oof!”]

 

Everyone turned back to the meteor to see that Subaru’s mad dash through the slums had
come to a pause, with him having just barely managed to avoid running headlong into
someone by pivoting and crashing into a wall instead.

 

“How graceful,” Ram sighed. “I do hope you apologized properly, Barusu… Barusu?”

 



“Wha…” Garfiel’s eyes widened as he recognized— “Wait—!”

 

[“Oh, I’m sorry about that,” a chillingly familiar voice said. “Are you all right?”]

 

The temperature in the theater appeared to undergo a significant drop as the mirth drained out
of everyone’s souls at once.

 

Frederica sucked in a breath.

 

Emilia gasped. “No—!”

 

“Oh no,” Crusch whispered.

 

“Oh crap!” Otto yelped. “Oh crap, oh crap—!”

 

[“Don’t worry, don’t worry,” Subaru brushed off, having not yet realized who he had
just run into. “I’m actually a pretty sturdy fell…ow?!”]

 

“He’s not supposed to die again!” Felt cried, her eyes wide. “He’s not supposed to — we
remember it this time, don’t we?!”

 

[“What a funny guy,” Elsa commented cheerfully, brushing her hair behind her ear.
“Are you sure you’re all right?”]

 

“Unless his point of return changed,” Old Man Rom growled under his breath. Who said such
a thing had to remain a constant? And if it had changed, then the only thing that would need
to remain—

 

That would give them — an hour, perhaps? An hour of time unaccounted for…!



 

Could Elsa really have—?

 

[Even that simple motion is somehow sexy…every move this woman makes is extremely
erotic.]

 

“NOT THE TIME, BARUSU!” Ram snapped.

 

“Why must teenage boys…?” Anastasia hissed between her teeth.

 

[“You don’t have to act so scared,” Elsa consoled. “I won’t do anything to you.”]

 

“Liar,” Beatrice snarled. “Liar, liar, liar— Subaru, please just get away from her—!”

 

“He’ll be fine,” Emilia insisted. Her heart was thundering in her chest. “He’ll be — it’s
supposed to be fine now, right—?”

 

[“I-I’m not s-scared, okay?” Subaru stammered. “W-Why would you think that…?”]

 

“Don’t put on a tough act now!” Reinhard pleaded. “You don’t need to prove anything to
someone like— Please, just—!”

 

[“Your scent.” Subaru stared at her, aghast and a little too obviously terrified.]

 

“Disgusting,” Ram spat out. “Disgusting — get away from him!”

 

[Elsa dragged out the answer, a gleeful look on her face. “When people are afraid, they
smell afraid. Right now you are afraid…and also angry, it seems. At me.”]



 

“Oh no,” Wilhelm groaned. “Oh no, please don’t get curious about…!”

 

[“I can’t say I’m not curious,” Elsa mused, confirming Wilhelm’s fears. “…But fine. I
can’t risk causing a fuss right now…”]

 

Felt let out a long breath. Oh thank fuck.

 

[“Th-That doesn’t sound very nice,” Subaru bit out. “If you scare people too much,
your beauty is going to be put to waste—”]

 

“Don’t BAIT her—!” Julius shouted, but he was a good year or so too late.

 

[“Oh, very good!”]

 

Otto shrieked. Garfiel swore loudly. Nobody bothered to scold him for it, because Elsa’s
sudden movements had just about given all of them heart attacks, too.

 

[Elsa was suddenly directly in his face, smiling wide. “Conceal your hostility,” she
suggested, “and you’ll be even better.”]

 

“Creep,” Mimi growled.

 

[“Well, then, I’ll be going now.” Elsa looked at Subaru longingly, as if she didn’t really
want to leave just yet. But… “I have a feeling we’ll meet again.”]

 

“Unfortunately…” Felt hissed, knowing good and well that they would — and only an hour
or two past this moment, if she was correct.

 



[“I-If the next time we meet is in a bright place with lots of people around,” Subaru
said, in a forcefully casual tone. “Then I’ll be able to relax, too…”]

 

Unfortunately, Rom already knew that it would be no such place. “Though it’s not like a lot
of people being around would save you from a woman like that,” he muttered.

 

[Elsa continued to stare at him for a moment longer, but then she dutifully turned
around and — melted into the shadows of the alley.]

 

The entire theater practically collapsed with relief — just as the Subaru on the meteor did,
sliding down the back of the alley wall with the wide-eyed stare of a man who couldn’t
believe that he was still alive.

 

“Thank fuck,” Ferris hissed. He didn’t — He didn’t want to see something like that again. He
really, really didn’t…

 

[“…Elsa couldn’t have found Felt and already wreaked havoc, could she…?”]

 

“She didn’t,” Felt confirmed immediately as Reinhard went pale beside her. “I never saw that
bitch even once before she came to the Loot House.”

 

Rom let out a low, shaky breath.

 

[With her personality, it’s not unthinkable that she’d slaughter two or three people just to
kill time. Plus, with this being the deepest part of the slums…]

 

Anastasia grimaced. That was a valid concern. Having grown up in the slums of Kararagi,
Anastasia was all-too-aware of how the residents of such areas were often made vulnerable to
unsavory types looking to exercise their sadism in places they knew they wouldn’t be
punished for it. In fact, there were several times that she herself had almost fallen victim to…

 



She shook her head to clear it. That was simply the reality of life. There was a reason why, as
a young girl, she had spent so many nights dreaming about climbing out of that hole.

 

[“With the information I was given, I think this is it, but…does this really count as a
living space? —Well, I suppose if it’s just a place to sleep, then it fits the description…”]

 

Anastasia raised an eyebrow. “…Oh,” she said politely.

 

“Shut the hell up,” Felt snapped. “It’s what I had, alright?! And I’m not ashamed of it in the
least…!”

 

[“So she’s living out her life here, huddling her already small body into an even smaller
space,” Subaru sighed. “I guess it’s no surprise she’d turn out as twisted as she is. Ah,
how pitiable, how potable she is…”]

 

“You really know how to be insulting, don’t you, kid?” Rom said wryly.

 

Ram snorted. “You’re one to talk about being pitiable, Barusu.”

 

Felt herself didn’t even recognize the insult now, a surge of hope rising in her chest as she
leaned forward. “That…!”

 

[“Oh, come on! It’s not that bad. Just who do you think you are, kid, belittling my
place?!”]

 

Felt let out an extremely loud sigh as her suspicions were confirmed. “I remember that,” she
announced, her voice aching with relief as she sunk down into her chair. “This is — This is
what happened.”

 

Reinhard relaxed. “Oh, thank goodness…”



 

[“What’s with you, looking at me with those pitying eyes?!” Felt’s onscreen counterpart
demanded. “You underestimating me just because I’m a girl and just a little bit filthy?”]

 

[“I think you’re reading the wrong emotion there, but…”]

 

“What an amazing first impression,” Otto sighed. “Wanting to set up favorable negotiations
with her — and then the first thing you do when you see her is insult her looks, her home,
and her personality? Really, Natsuki-san…”

 

“I didn’t know she was there yet!”

 

[“And anyway…” Felt’s eyes narrowed. “What do you think you’re doing, sneaking
about in someone else’s house?”]

 

Otto stiffened, his eyes going wide. Uh oh.

 

“Oh no—!” Julius echoed.

 

“But he wasn’t—! But from her perspective,” Crusch realized. “That’s exactly what it would
have looked like…!”

 

[“Sorry,” Felt’s onscreen counterpart said. “But there’s nothing worth stealing in
there.” She drew a knife. “Beat it!”]

 

“Oh crap,” Mimi gasped, not at all liking the image of yet another sharp weapon being raised
with Subaru as its target. “Lady, you—!”

 

“I was just trying to chase him off,” Felt dismissed, waving it off. “I didn’t even nick him,
he’s fine.”



 

[“Wait,” Subaru stammered. “That’s not what I—!”]

 

[“Shut up! Don’t argue!”]

 

Rem’s fingers curled into tense fists. She didn’t like that boy, and she trusted him even less,
but even she didn’t want to see—

 

But that blonde girl had insisted that she hadn’t hurt him. Hopefully she was telling the truth.

 

[“Calm down! This is no time to fight!” Subaru was desperately crying out, dodging her
blows in a panic. “Before it gets dark—!”]

 

[Felt’s weapon lodged itself deep in the wood above his head.]

 

Julius squawked, his eyes widening in horror at the sight of yet another sharp object being so
close to Subaru’s vital points once again.

 

“Chill, chill!” Felt called over, though she herself had also felt an unpleasant swooping
sensation in her gut at that sight of that blow. “I didn’t hurt him, he’s gonna be fine!”

 

[“Before it gets dark, you’d better be gone,” Felt snapped, not listening to his warning
at all.]

 

Felt silently cursed herself. Why hadn’t she just listened to…?

 

But of course, there was no way she could have known.

 



[Subaru had valiantly attempted to defend himself against Felt’s struggle to chase him
off, but she outclassed him significantly. Eventually, their struggle ended with her
knocking him backwards into her own shelter, which promptly collapsed on top of him.]

 

Otto squawked. “Natsuki-san!”

 

[“P-Please just hear me out, Felt!” Subaru shouted, pinned firmly down in the remains
of what used to be Felt’s home. “I came to see you on important business!”]

 

[“How do you know my…? Oh. You’re a customer.”]

 

And just like that, the fight was over.

 

Julius breathed a sigh of relief. He really hoped that Subaru would get into situations like this
just a little less often once things settled down a bit: he wasn’t sure how much his heart could
take.

 

Then again — he was all-too aware of how they had met…

 

“I wasn’t actually trying to hurt him,” Felt said defensively as they watched her onscreen
counterpart finally let Subaru clamber up to his feet. “I just to chase him off, ‘cause it sure
looked he was rooting through my stuff.”

 

“With eyes like that, I can forgive any woman for concluding that Barusu is that type of
pervert,” Ram said lightly. “…You didn’t hurt him, so there’s nothing more to discuss.”

 

It would have been a different story if she had, Ram knew.

 

Frederica grimaced at the mess left behind by the skirmish. It wasn’t like it had been a very
graceful sight before, but now…



 

It would take a good deal of effort, to restore it even to what it had been before.

 

[“From the way you look, it’s clear that you’re not from around here,” Felt said.]

 

[“O-Oh?” Subaru asked, trying to regain his composure. “You’re quick to see that I’m
not really one of you. You’ve got good eyes, there.”]

 

[“The people around here would at least try to take a little bit more care about the way
they look. You’re trying way too hard. Plus…” Felt frowned. “The way you’re trying to
fool us with that dirty trick of yours, you look like you’re even worse a person than I
am.”]

 

[As always, this girl really knows how to be insulting, doesn’t she? I wanna take back
everything I said about pitying her…!]

 

“You really are not one to talk,” Rom grumbled, folding his arms. “Youths these days…”

 

“Didn’t you just insult her in the exact same manner, Natsuki-san?” Otto sighed. “Really…”

 

“It’s not like I WANTED to be pitied,” Felt huffed. “If insulting you is the only way to keep
you from looking at me like that, then I’ll be sure to do it every chance I get.”

 

“It wouldn’t be a bad thing to be a bit more amicable, Lady Felt,” Reinhard suggested. “If
you could just dress up your thoughts and behavior just a little bit more—”

 

“Oh shut it, you.”

 

[“So, what do you want?” Felt asked. “If you want something stolen, I’ll need the money
first. Depending on who the target is I may ask for more later, though.”]



 

[“If I want something stolen, huh…” Subaru frowned. “This is quite a business you’re
running here. Are you really that proud of your thievery?”]

 

“You’ve been in the country for just a couple hours, and ya think you can go around judging
people’s livelihoods like that?” Ricardo chuckled, folding his arms. “In a way I can admire
that kind of audacity, but that’s a great way to get into another fistfight, kid.”

 

Subaru folded his arms and turned away with a huff, his face burning.

 

[“It’s called making a living,” Felt shot back. “If I didn’t do this, I’d have to sell my
body.”]

 

Reinhard winced. “…Felt—”

 

“That’s just life, Reinhard,” Felt dismissed. “If you live at the bottom, you do whatever you
have to in order to survive. If that means stealing, you do it. If that means prostitution, you do
it.” She turned to him, a fire in her eyes. “I did what I had to do, and now I’m here, and so I
don’t regret a thing.”

 

Anastasia pressed her lips together and said nothing. No matter which country, it seemed, the
rules of slum life remained the same.

 

[“Anyway, so what’s it going to be? Or do you have some other business with me?” Felt
narrowed her eyes, hefting her knife. “Depending on your answer…”]

 

“Just calm down!” Felt snapped at Reinhard, who had begun to stiffen again. “We didn’t get
into any confrontations with each other after this, so just chill out! Geez!”

 

It wasn’t like she could BLAME anyone for being on edge in this situation, but it was still
starting to get on her nerves!



 

[“I only have one item of business to discuss with you,” Subaru declared, not taking the
threat seriously in the least. “I would like to buy from you that badge that you stole.”]

 

“And how did you plan to explain how you knew about that, Natsuki-san?” Otto groaned,
rubbing his face with his hand. “The only way for anyone to interpret that is for them to
conclude that you’re working WITH…”

 

“Oh NO,” Julius moaned, because he knew that the merchant was absolutely correct.

 

“Well I can see that NOW!” Subaru said defensively. “I was a little preoccupied back then,
you know—! And would you stop nitpicking every single thing I do already?! It’s not like I
can change it now!”

 

[Sure enough—]

 

[“How do you know that I stole a badge?” Felt asked suspiciously. “The only person
who should know that is the one who hired me, and I only just stole it a little while ago.
This is way too quick a response for you to have just heard about it on the street.”]



Frederica sighed.

 

[Subaru faltered. “When you put it that way… That’s a good point. That was way too
careless, even for me, right…?”]

 

[I thought that being indirect or trying to dodge the topic would just worsen her impression
of me, but…!]

 

“At least you tried to think things through for once, but…!” Otto deeply wished that Subaru
was just a little better at not putting his foot squarely in his mouth.

 



“He wasn’t THAT suspicious,” Felt said, more out of sympathy for the Subaru that was
melting on the floor of his jar than anything else. “Like — alright, yeah, maybe he WAS
really suspicious, but it didn’t take much for me to gather that he wasn’t a THREAT.”

 

[“You really need to do a better job of hiding your intent, kid,” Felt sighed. “A little
taunt like that and you’re already spilling the beans?”]

 

[Luckily, Subaru’s hopelessness had apparently bought him some points, because Felt
looked like she had lost the heart to keep up her hostility.]

 

Felt gestured. “See?”

 

Ram snorted. “Of course Barusu is too pathetic for anyone to take as a serious threat,” she
said bluntly. “It seems that such a trait is his saving grace as a pathetic mutt.”

 

“Thanks, Nee-sama…”

 

[“You can’t be on the same side as that woman, right?” Felt was asking. “Is she your
rival or something?”]

 

[“More like my archenemy, maybe? Like how you’d feel if she killed your parents. Or
rather, if she killed YOU.”]

 

Felt hissed loudly, recoiling backwards from the screen as though she had suddenly been
struck.

 

“What a rotten joke!” Crusch snapped. “What a — Subaru, of all the things to say—!”

 

“Don’t make light of something like that, nyew idiot!” Ferris snarled, hackles raised once
again. “Don’t make light of— When I get my hands on nyew, I’ll—!”



 

“That was foul, Barusu!” Ram barked. “Even for YOU, a jab like that was just—!”

 

“I’m sorry, I’m sorry!” Subaru squawked, scrambling backwards and away from the angry
faces now glaring his way. “I didn’t expect anyone to get the joke, alright?!”

 

Emilia took a deep, shaky breath. Exhaled. —At least if Subaru was able to joke about it,
then…

 

That was something she should be grateful for. Right?

 

[“What are you talking about?” The Felt onscreen did not have the context to realize in
just how poor of a taste that joke had been made. “Well, whatever. I don’t really care
about that.”]

 

“I need to start paying more attention to the shit that comes out of your mouth,” Felt growled.
“I definitely, definitely need to…!”

 

Frederica did, too. Dismissing everything he had said before as a joke — with this new
context, she just wanted to go back and kick herself for it.

 

[“I’ll sell this to whoever can offer me a higher price,” Felt declared, holding up the
insignia. “Even if there’s a chance that woman’ll be angry if I break off our deal.”]

 

[Subaru shivered. “Yeah, there’s definitely a possibility she’ll just snap, but…” He
shook his head. “Anyway, I’m just talking to myself, you can ignore me.”]

 

“That’s a worrying possibility,” Julius muttered.

 



“More than a possibility — it’s likely exactly what would happen, in any scenario,” Anastasia
said bluntly. “Nobody likes being stiffed out on a deal, and someone like that would not
respond favorably in the least.”

 

Even when the deal went entirely according to plan — Subaru had arrived at the Loot House
just in time to find Rom’s dead body leaning against the wall. In the present moment, that old
man clenched the armrest so hard he felt the wood splinter beneath his fingers.

 

Dealing with unsavory types had been a simple reality of living in the slums. But even so, to
get wrapped up with a monster like that…

 

He was alive today, however — and more importantly, so was Felt. Rom could be grateful for
that, at least.

 

[“I’ve prepared an item that is worth more than 20 holy gold coins,” Subaru
announced. “I would like to buy your badge with it.”]

 

[Felt almost staggered at that declaration, suddenly looking much more alert and much,
much more excited. “H-Huh,” she managed, visibly attempting to curb her enthusiasm.
“I see. That’s quite a price. It looks like my hard work’s finally paid off. …But
unfortunately for you, your rival has already offered me the same amount, you know?”]

 

Garfiel started laughing. “Nice try!” he goaded, grinning at a blushing Felt from across the
room. “Maybe if it had been anyone but Captain, then…!”

 

“Oh, can it, you!”

 

[“Cut the crap,” Subaru scolded. “The deal was for TEN holy gold coins, right? You get
too greedy and you’ll die!”]

 

Rom hissed.



 

“Subaru—!” Ferris exploded, outraged. If that jar wasn’t there, the healer may very well have
tried to attack the knight then and there.

 

“You have a foul sense of humor, Subaru!” Otto snapped. “And I— I kind of knew that, but
—!”

 

“I really think you’re overreacting, maybe even just a little bit?!” Subaru’s eyes darted from
face to face. “It really was just a stupid joke, you know…!”

 

[“What, you know that much, too?” Felt was staring at him with wide eyes, her devious
scheme having been abruptly foiled. “…Yeah, alright? The deal was for ten holy gold
coins. But you know, if I tell the person who hired me that another offer was made…”]

 

“It’s like you put no effort at all into appearing as anything less than the most suspicious
person in the room,” Julius groaned. “Subaru, for the love of…”

 

Ram was just grateful that Subaru had found himself surrounded by people like her and
Emilia — and assumedly her little sister — who had been patient enough to give him the
benefit of the doubt. She shook her head. “Stupid Barusu…”

 

[“You didn’t say you brought twenty holy gold coins,” Felt pointed out suspiciously.
“You only said you brought something worth that much. Isn’t this a little bit unfair,
with me knowing nothing about what you’ve got up your sleeves, but you knowing all
about me?”]

 

“Knowing how he came to know all of that, I’m not sure that I’d call the word ‘unfair’ the
right adjective anymore…” Felt muttered. If anything, Subaru was the one who had gotten
the rawest end of the deal.

 

“This does explain how much he seems to know about everyone all the time,” Ricardo
commented. Then he paused. “Though, that would mean…”



 

If Subaru knew so much about— especially about people he had not yet met, in the hours
they had seen so far—

 

Just how many times had he—?

 

There was no point in stressing over such a question, and Ricardo forced himself to put it to
rest.

 

(He would find out anyway, one way or another.)

 

[“I think it’s more a matter of how much you can prepare that really matters in
negotiations,” Subaru replied. “…But it is true that without showing you this first,
we’re not going to get anywhere.”]

 

Anastasia nodded silently to herself. Even back then, Subaru had understood this much.
Perhaps he had developed a skill for some variant of negotiations back home. It would make
sense, with what she remembered about his scheme to get hers and Crusch’s alliance in that
fight against…

 

…Now that she thought about it: how DID that go, from his perspective?

 

Anastasia supposed that she would find out soon enough.

 

[“This is me?” Felt was saying, looking down at the picture that Subaru had taken of
her in his demonstration. “You said a clear image, but I think I’m quite a bit better
looking than this.”]

 

Rom snorted. Felt blushed, slapping him on the arm. “Oh, hush! I’m still a girl, you know?!”

 



[“If you weren’t in such a terrible environment and eating better, and — while it may
contribute to what you might think of as a shrewd business sense — if you could rid
yourself of that sly, dirty personality of yours, I’d say there’s hope for you yet!” Subaru
said cheerfully. “It’s really just a matter of how you’re dressed up.”]

 

Frederica stared at the meteor, aghast.

 

“Well,” Crusch said lightly. “That was honest.”

 

Julius groaned, burying his face in his hands. Anastasia was mentally doing much the same.

 

Garfiel, meanwhile, was cackling like a madman. “He’s got a point, blondie!” he teased. “If
you’d just get rid of that smarmy attitude—”

 

“Would you not pick fights with our political opponents, Garfiel?!” Otto cried. “Natsuki-san
is more than enough to deal with in that regard—!”

 

[“if we’re talking about choosing the right words to say, you have no talent when it
comes to holding a conversation, do you?” Felt retorted. “Geez.”]

 

“He really has no sense for it,” Ram sighed. “Barusu is a foolish male, in every sense of the
word…”

 

Rem didn’t say what she really thought about that statement, but she privately waited for her
suspicions to be verified. “Foolish” was going to be the least of their concerns, sooner or
later…

 

[“Well, that’s to be expected,” Subaru sighed, at Felt’s warning that she still could not
take him at his word about the price of his ‘meteor’. “I don’t mind personally that
you’ve got a spongy brain, but you’re right. We need a third party’s opinion.”]

 



“And of course…” Anastasia said, with slight amusement.

 

“Shush,” Felt muttered, understanding now that Subaru had all too clearly seen through her
plot.

 

[“Deep in the slums,” Felt’s onscreen counterpart was saying slyly. “There’s this place
called the Loot House. It’s just as the name suggests, but I think that the quickest way
will be to ask the weird old man that’s there. He’s fair when it comes to appraisals. He’s
very experience, so I think he won’t have a problem, even with this meteor.”]

 

[“I thought this would happen…” Subaru sighed, having met Rom already — even
though neither Rom nor Felt would know about that. “I have no problem with having
the old man look at it, but…”]

 

“Natsuki-san—!” Otto cried.

 

“Subaru,” Julius hissed out, feeling a migraine coming on. “Subaru, for the love of—!”

 

[“Are you really going to call him ‘old man’ without even having met him yet?” Felt
pointed out. “You may regret it, you know? He’s pretty rough with people who don’t
know how to show respect.”]

 

Rom coughed into his fist. “I think I can see why he was so casual with me, now,” he
commented. “It’s my own fault, for being so casual with him that first time around…”

 

“He should have known better than to approach you as if you’d remember him!” Julius said
reproachfully. “If he does that to the wrong person—!”

 

[“Despite that, he seems to be quite doting on a certain foul-mouthed young girl,”
Subaru teased, not taking Felt’s warning seriously in the least. “Always giving her milk
and all…”]



 

“I was wondering how you knew about that,” Felt muttered.

 

Rom chuckled. “I don’t mind it, if that’s what I’m known for…”

 

It was better than being known for — other things.

 

Wilhelm smiled fondly at the screen. He thought he understood the old bartender, really: he
himself was a father and a grandfather both, after all.

 

(He didn’t let himself think about the current conditions of either of those things. It wasn’t
the time for it.)

 

(It was never the time for it, it seemed.)

 

[“I don’t know what you seem to have a problem with,” Felt sighed. “But if you’re in
such a hurry, we should go ahead and get going to the Loot House. To be honest, there
was something else that I was planning on doing, but…”]

 

“‘Planning on doing’?” Crusch questioned.

 

Felt rolled her shoulder. “I was going to hire some folks to help give Big Sis the slip,” she
revealed. “Give the folks around there any coin and they’ll do whatever you like.”

 

Emilia frowned, but — it was in the past, after all.

 

[“All right, let’s get going, immediately,” Subaru decided quickly, when Felt
mischievously revealed her plan to give Emilia the slip by paying off some of the people
in the slums. “Right now. Let’s go, go, go—!”]



 

[“Wh-What’s with you?!”]

 

[A little cash is way too low a price to offer for anyone to stand in Not-Satella’s way when
she’s in a hurry! Subaru declared inwardly. I’m sure anyone would rather clutch their
hungry stomach than take a hit with a block of ice. Yes, I’m gonna avoid as many
casualties as I can, here…!]

 

“I wouldn’t do that!” Emilia objected, looking a little wounded.

 

“I know, Emilia-tan!” Subaru said hastily. “I know you’d never do that now, but — you
know, back then I didn’t really…?”

 

“And yet there you were,” Otto sighed. “Fighting to save her regardless.”

 

“Of course I was!”

 

Yes, of course he was. That was Natsuki-san, through and through.

 

[“Why are you in such a hurry, kid?” Felt demanded. “You’re all sweaty, you know…
Live strong and take care of yourself!”]

 

[“Everyone seems to say that,” Subaru commented. “Is that like the slogan of the
slums?!”]

 

[Personally, I’d change it from “Live strong” to “Live rough”…]

 

Anastasia giggled. That wasn’t necessarily an inaccurate description of slum life, though
perhaps it was a bit lowbrow in its humor…



 

[If Elsa comes, I’ll leave immediately, Subaru decided, remembering the pain of being
slashed and left to bleed out on the floor. I’ll dash right out of there, even if I have to
leave everyone else behind…!]

 

“Great plan!” Julius exclaimed, nodding enthusiastically. “That’s a great plan, really, and I
REALLY hope you stuck to it—!”

 

“Shut up!”

 

“He didn’t,” Felt sighed.

 

[“That hurts!” Felt snapped as Subaru tried to push her along, turning around to kick
him in the shin. Subaru yelped.]

 

Garfiel laughed. “Dunno what you expected, Captain, trying to push along someone like
that…!”

 

“Oh, shut up!”

 

[Broken alcohol bottles, awful smells, dampness underfoot, Subaru hissed inwardly.
Whether it’s with Felt or Not-Satella, this is not the kind of place to be walking alone with
a young girl…!]

 

[“Now this would be so much better,” he voiced mildly. “If we were holding hands and
in a more beautiful and colorful place.”]

 

“Pervert,” Ram said, crossing her arms. Frederica sighed.

 



Felt pinched the bridge of her nose, exhaling slowly. “Big Bro,” she groaned. “Of ALL the
ways to tell me that the slums were making you nervous…!”

 

Subaru’s face was bright red. “I-I didn’t want you to think I was a coward, though…!”

 

“Boys.” Anastasia shook her head. Sitting in her lap, Mimi huffed in agreement.

 

[“Cut it out with that disgusting talk,” Felt snapped onscreen — reasonably, as she had
no way to know what Subaru had actually meant by that comment. “Don’t tell me that
you’re into little girls.”]

 

[“I’m more into older women,” Subaru retorted. “You don’t have to be so cautious,
come over here…”]

 

“We really need to work on your communication skills, Natsuki-san,” Otto sighed.

 

[“No funny business, alright?” Felt warned. “You’re the one who’s going to be more in
trouble if this deal goes south. We clear?”]

 

[“Why can’t you just see that I’m doing my best to get this wary little kitten I’m dealing
with here to relax so we can be friends?”]

 

Julius pinched the bridge of his nose, taking a deep breath and then exhaling slowly. “…
Alright.”

 

“Being that insanely familiar with someone who you know has never met you before…”
Crusch shook her head. “Maybe all castaways from beyond the Great Waterfall are like that,
though.”

 

It would definitely explain a few things, yes.



 

“Yer really lucky that we could tell you didn’t actually mean any harm,” Rom warned the
mortified boy, curled up in the jar on the far side of the room. “If I had ever actually gotten
the impression that you wanted to hurt Felt — nobody would’ve been fond of that outcome,
kid. Be more careful with how you word things, would you?”

 

Subaru looked very much like he wanted to disappear into the floor of his cage.

 

[“If you’re so against me being friendly,” Subaru said, his voice now more serious.
“Why don’t you stop messing around and actually take me to the Loot House?”]

 

[“…How did you…?”]

 

“Because you’d been there before,” Felt answered her own question, sighing. “That’s how.”

 

“That — and I saw the same spot of graffiti on the wall at least twice,” Subaru admitted, still
looking like he wanted to pass out from embarrassment. “I-I was kind of bluffing, though…”

 

Felt snorted.

 

[“I know it’s asking too much for you not to doubt me,” Subaru admitted, raising his
hands pleadingly. “And I AM being unreasonable. However, I will not compromise on
time. Please, take me straight to the Loot House. I’m begging you, please…!”]

 

“Way to get straight to the point,” Anastasia commented wryly. “…Though, such a direct
approach does have its charms.”

 

[“Well, damn,” Felt sighed. “I just don’t get you. I don’t get you, but…I feel like I’ve
got to pay you back for not getting angry at me just now.”]

 



“All’s well that ends well, I suppose,” Beatrice sighed.

 

“If it works it works,” Garfiel agreed.

 

[“Fine, I’ll take you straight there. I’ll just leave the rest of my doubts in Rom’s
hands.”]

 

[“I don’t dislike that attitude of feeling totally free to rely on others, but…well…”
Subaru faltered. “I, uh…nevermind.”]

 

[What does Felt really mean when she says that? I know that Rom loves her like a
granddaughter, and would lay down his life for her — I don’t want to think that that bald
old man is just being used by her…]

 

Rom blinked. “—Eh?”

 

Subaru turned away, blushing.

 

“Wait,” Rom said. “Wait, you thought Felt was—?”

 

“Just — shut up, alright?!” This is what I get for worrying about you, is it, old man?!

 

[“Stop looking down as you walk!” Felt scolded, snapping him out of his thoughts.
“You’ll get infected by the gloominess around here, you know?”]

 

[“Well, I’d love to keep my head up, but it’s not exactly clean and organized down
around my feet so it’s dangerous if I don’t pay attention…” Subaru frowned. “What do
you mean ‘infected by the gloominess’?”]

 



[“You know exactly what I mean,” Felt replied. “I’m talking about the attitude of all the
losers who live here.”]

 

Emilia frowned. “Losers…?” She echoed.

 

—Anastasia knew exactly what Felt was talking about.

 

Back in the slums of Kararagi, Anastasia had scorned the other hyenas that rooted through
the trash, keeping their eyes on the ground and thinking only of their next meal. She herself
had kept her eyes trained on the sky above, staring up at the clouds and the stars as she
dreamed of climbing out of that dark hole. She had even thought to name herself, a move
unique among the orphans of those trash piles.

 

Her anger at those fools had lessened slightly with time, as Anastasia had grown and matured
enough to make sense of it just a little more. But that derision, that ire — it still burned her,
somewhere deep and personal. The thought of doing nothing to better oneself, of being
content with how things are and never taking the bold steps to finally move things along…

 

“That’s just stupid.” The voice of her younger self echoed in her mind.

 

[“Losers…?” Subaru repeated. “Don’t you think that’s a bit harsh?”]

 

[“How’s it harsh?” Felt retorted. “I’m talking about people who languish in this
alleyway life and lose the will to even try to get out of here or better themselves
someway. I hate losers like that…”]

 

“Not like we have to worry about Natsuki-san being anything like that,” Otto sighed. “I’ve
never met anyone as driven as he is…”

 

In some ways, Subaru went so far in the other direction that he sometimes considered that a
problem in and of itself.



 

“…It really does feel harsh,” Emilia murmured.

 

Frederica had no place to comment on it. She had lived in the Sanctuary, and then she had
lived in the Mathers and then the Miload Estate as a maid. Such were the blessings of her
upbringing: for those without such blessings, she could not intrude upon the conclusions of
those with a firsthand understanding of such hardship.

 

[“I have no intention of living out my whole life here in these slums,” Felt declared. “If a
chance comes my way I’ll cling to it and make it mine. The same goes for this deal
now.”]

 

[“So that’s why, huh…” Subaru’s mind flashed back to how Felt had played him and
Elsa against each other in those past negotiations. “So, with twenty holy gold coins, will
that dream of yours come true?”]

 

Anastasia was not one to take the word of others at face value, and that extended to the
dragon stone. Even so, through hours of studying the other camps, she had concluded on her
own that all five Royal Candidates did, indeed, have the capabilities required to claim that
status for themselves.

 

Still, that did not stop her from feeling pleased, as Felt proved her worthiness of the title to
Anastasia once again.

 

[“…It’ll definitely be closer to coming true,” Felt muttered. “And if I were going alone
it might just be enough, but I don’t know…”]

 

[“If you were going alone?” Subaru repeated.]

 

Ricardo started. “Ah.”

 



Everyone else had come to that same conclusion. For Felt to speak about everyone in the
slums in such a dismissive manner — there was only one person that they knew of, who she
could be planning to bring with her to the top.

 

—There was a time, a lifetime ago, when a little girl had made it her life’s mission to remove
a collar from around Ricardo’s neck. Looking up at this meteor now…

 

“Oh, hush,” Anastasia muttered aloud. Ricardo chuckled, and couldn’t quite keep himself
from ruffling her hair.

 

[“It’s nothing,” Felt dismissed, glowering at him. “We’re not so friendly that I’m going
to talk about… Why am I being so talkative today in the first place?!”]

 

[“Maybe you’re loosening up a little because your goal’s in sight?” Subaru grinned.
There’s only one person Felt could be referring to with that…!]

 

“Shut it,” Felt snapped, her face turning pink as practically everyone in the theater turned to
her with a grin on their face.

 

Ram snorted. “Someone just bought herself some ‘brownie points,’” she commented.

 

“SHUT it.”

 

[“What’s your problem?” Felt demanded. “That smirk of yours is starting to tick me
off.”]

 

[“It’s no big deal,” Subaru said cheerfully. “I just realized that I was worrying too much
about something I didn’t need to be worrying about. Of course that’s how it is. Of
course. I don’t know why I was worrying so much…”]

 



Rom — didn’t know how to feel, hearing that this boy had been worried about HIM, of all
people. He could understand the boy worrying about a pretty girl, or a youngster. But an old
man, who had only really been…

 

That feeling was warm, but it also made him slightly uneasy. He didn’t want Subaru to do
anything…dangerous, for his sake. He didn’t want anyone to do anything like that —
especially not a youngster.

 

Though in line with that feeling, Subaru wasn’t really his main concern right now. Because…

 

“Felt—” Rom tried to say.

 

“Like I was ever going to leave you behind!” Felt snapped back, before he could even finish
his sentence. “You are—” She shook her head. “You’re a moron if you think I could ever do
something like that, old man!”

 

[Plus, Felt did save my life in the nick of time before… If I feel indebted to Not-Satella,
then I should feel indebted to Felt as well.]

 

“…Hmph.”

 

Felt — wasn’t quite sure how she felt about that one.

 

[“Let’s hurry up,” Subaru decided. “We’ve already lost too much time.”]

 

[“I still don’t understand why you’re— Hey, cut it out!” Felt tried to duck away from
Subaru, who had leaned forward to affectionately ruffle her hair.]

 

Crusch sighed at the display of affection, which would have seem both overly-familiar and
utterly unwarranted from Felt’s point of view.



 

“The lands from beyond the Great Waterfall must be quite the friendly place,” Wilhelm said
wryly.

 

A place where such Subaru-like kindness and affection was commonplace — that didn’t
sound so bad, really. He would like to visit such a world, if he were ever given the chance…

 

[After she leaves the slums one day and is dressed up a bit, Subaru thought to himself,
she’ll probably shine bright. So, in order to also put Felt on a path to reach her dreams…]

 

[“I’ve really got to make this work, don’t I?”]

 

Reinhard smiled. He understood that feeling, when it came to Felt.

 

“Shush,” Felt snapped.

 

“…I didn’t say anything, Lady Felt.”

 

“Your face said enough, you useless appa-red soldier!”

 

[“…I’m the only one who can do this!”]

 

Ram hissed softly, tensing up all over again. “Barusu,” she growled. “That better not mean
what I think it means…!”

 

“It doesn’t, it doesn’t!” Subaru squawked, as the ire of his camp was once again aimed his
way. “It doesn’t, I wouldn’t, I swear—!”

 



[“Stop saying all those weird things and getting obsessed with yourself!” Felt snapped,
still trying in vain to stop him from playing with her hair. “I’m gonna bite you! …I said,
CUT IT OUT!”]

 

[Chomp.]

 

[Subaru shrieked, abruptly jolted out of his thoughts.]

 

The image of Felt biting Subaru like that was humorous enough to break the tension once
again. Garfiel’s face split into a grin once more, and he threw back his head and laughed.

 

“I don’t know what else you could have expected,” Julius chided.

 

“He definitely deserved it,” Felt muttered.

 

“Would the lot of you be quiet already?!” Subaru cried.

 

[“To the giant rats…?”]

 

[“Where might I find me some boric acid-laced dango?” Subaru wondered aloud. “Now
that’s some POISON.”]

 

Julius blinked. “Wha…?”

 

Rom snorted loudly. “Oh, I remember THIS.”

 

[“To the White Whale…?”]

 



[“You know, the first guy who comes to mind when I think of the word ‘captain’ is that
good ol’ Captain Ahab. Bet he has a HARPOON…”]

 

“…What the hell is that nonsense?” Ram asked.

 

“It’s supposed to be the password,” Felt sighed. “He must’ve overheard me give it, before.
But — for some reason, he decided to answer it like THIS.”

 

“Why on Earth would he do that?” Otto groaned. “Natsuki-san…”

 

“I…” Subaru wilted. “I was just trying to have some fun…”

 

[“…To the noble dragon lord, we are…?”]

 

[“Since this is a fantasy worked I bet they really exist, but man, if I ran into one of those
I can guarantee you I wouldn’t be able to do anything,” Subaru answered cheerfully.
“But you know, they are really cool, so I do kind of want to see one, but what a
contradiction, huh? Those mixed-up feelings of mine are nothing more than BAGS OF
SHIT…!”]

 

Julius sighed.

 

[“Can’t you just say the passwords without having to throw in all that nonsense?!”
Rom’s voice snapped, and he threw open the door. Subaru had already neatly stepped
back to avoid the blow. “Can you be more irritating?!”]

 

Julius squawked, flinching violently at the sudden movement. Mimi snorted, devolving into
giggles at the sight.

 

[“If you get all angry like that, you’ll pop a blood vessel!” Subaru replied teasingly.
“Even if we had modern medicine, I’d say your situation looks pretty bad…”]



 

[“If you think it’s so bad for me, then don’t make me angry!” Rom retorted. “Just who
are you anyway?! I’m not supposed to let anyone in today, so scram!”]

 

“Would you not…?” Julius sighed, giving up. Trying to convince Subaru to not piss off
random people over three times his size was clearly a losing battle.

 

At least this one really didn’t seem like the type to hurt him, after all.

 

“Incredible first impression,” Ram said bluntly. “Showed up, made him angry, and then
insulted his looks to his face. Incredible, Barusu, just incredible.”

 

“I-I didn’t think—!”

 

“You never do, I suppose,” Beatrice sighed.

 

[“Uh…sorry about that,” Felt said from behind Subaru, looking somewhat awkward.
Subaru, meanwhile, was whistling with an innocent look on his face. “This guy is
actually my customer, so could you please let him in?”]

 

[Rom stared at her in disappointment, before sighing and opening the door.]

 

[“You really have a terrible personality, kid,” Felt said. “Without being too mean, it’s
simply the worst. Anyway, we’re coming in, Rom…”]

 

Reinhard sighed. He — couldn’t really fault his Lady for coming to that conclusion, no.

 

“…He could have been a lot worse, actually,” Felt decided.

 



[“She really marches to the beat of her own drum, huh?” Subaru commented, elbowing
Rom. “Us normal guys just get left behind, am I right?”]

 

[“I’d like to start back at square ones where I was first teaching her what different
words meant…” Rom muttered, no doubt in response to Subaru’s claim of being
normal. “Anyway, get inside.”]

 

“So, you were still planning on giving up that meteor of yours?” Anastasia asked.

 

“Well — yeah.” Subaru shifted uneasily. “I’d come this far, you know…?”

 

Anastasia just sighed.

 

[No sign of Elsa, Subaru confirmed, glancing around suspiciously. Or of Not-Satella,
either…]

 

[“What?” Felt asked, glaring back at him as she clutched a glass of milk. “This is the
only cold one left. I’m not letting you have it.”]

 

“Can’t blame him for being nervous,” Rom muttered. “I’d like to say that I wouldn’t have let
him get ambushed in my own shop, but…”

 

He already knew how that story ended. He had seen it twice, after all — as had everybody
else.

 

[“I can’t believe you’re not the least bit bothered by how shameless you’re acting,”
Subaru teased. “Hey, old man. I’ll just have some alcohol, whatever you’ve got.
Thanks.”]

 

[“You’re one to talk!” Rom retorted, rushing to get behind his counter to get between
Subaru and his stash. “I’m not sharing with you! You’re not getting any, you hear



me?!”]



Frederica sighed. Subaru’s childish behavior made her cringe, yes — but it really was the old
man’s own fault here, wasn’t it?

 

Rom chuckled. That audacious behavior made a lot more sense with the context that Rom
had actually offered him some of that very alcohol just a couple of hours before. From
Subaru’s point of view, anyway.

 

“Showed up, made a joke of giving the password, teased him for getting annoyed, barged
through the front door, and demanded that he share his alcohol,” Crusch noted mildly. “That
is quite a first impression.”

 

“Nyot to mention how FILTHY Subaru-kyun is this time around,” Ferris said, giggling. “Far
cry from the clean, well-dressed nobleman the Old Man thought he saw that first time,
hmm…?”

 

Subaru buried his face in his arms.

 

“It was certainly a first impression,” Rom admitted. “I had no idea how Felt had found
someone like that, OR why she had decided to drag him back to my place…”

 

[“I’m joking,” Subaru chuckled, looking him with slight pity. “Well, then, old man.
We’ve already wasted a lot of time, so before we get sidetracked, I’d like to get straight
to the point.”]

 

[“I get the feeling we’ve already gotten way off track…”]

 

Though the presentation of Subaru’s bargaining chip had cleared things up significantly, yes.

 



[“So this is a meteor,” Rom was saying, a more serious, businesslike air about him now.
“Even for someone like me, this is my first time seeing one of these…”]

 

[“Im pretty sure this is the only one of its kind in the whole world!” Subaru boasted.
“Also, it’s rather delicate so please be careful with it. If you break it I really have to kill
myself, and I’m not joking about that…of course, meaning so I can start over.”]

 

“I’m sorry!” Subaru cried out preemptively as Ferris’ enraged expression snapped over to
him once again. “I know I said— But I was! I was joking! And I won’t— I won’t joke like
that again, I swear—!”

 

“Subaru…!” Ferris growled.

 

Though really — if he wanted to kill Subaru for making a joke like that, he’d have to get
there before the rest of his camp. And from the looks on their faces, it seemed like such a race
would be a losing battle indeed.

 

[“…seems kind of dangerous,” Rom’s onscreen counterpart was saying. “It doesn’t take
any of your life away, does it…?”]

 

[“No matter what age and no matter what world, it looks like that superstition about
photographs persists, huh…?”]

 

“Hm.” Anastasia’s eyes narrowed. “So that’s a common — myth, where you come from?”

 

“Y-Yeah,” Subaru said. “If nothing else, a lot of people have made up stories about that sort
of thing…”

 

Stories — from another world! Julius privately thought that he’d quite like to read some of
them.

 



—Subaru had apparently been an avid reader. Perhaps, if Julius asked nicely, the
otherworldly knight would be willing to share some of his old tales…?

 

[“This is certainly something,” Rom decided. “If I were to take care of it, in terms of
holy gold coins, maybe fifteen…no, I could absolutely get more than twenty for this. I
believe it’s worth that much.”]

 

“Kind of funny to think that I have it the same ruling twice,” Rom commented. “Speaks to
the objectivity of my appraisement, I guess…”

 

“I should hope that you’ve remained objective in that, old man!” Felt retorted.

 

[“So, anyway,” Subaru said quickly. “It looks like our negotiations have gone well. It’ll
be your job to sell it, but I wish you the best of luck! Now that that’s wrapped up, how
about we go off somewhere and have a drink to celebrate your success—”]

 

[“Wait a minute,” Felt said, swiping the badge back before he could take it. “Why are
you in such a hurry?”]



Frederica sucked in a breath.

 

“Oh no,” Otto groaned.

 

Felt growled. “Oh no, I remember…!”

 

She hadn’t just gone along with it — of course not!

 

Why hadn’t she just gone along with it?!

 



[“Life doesn’t last forever,” Subaru said, forcefully nonchalant even when everyone
could see that he was starting to break into a sweat. “Make every second count. Don’t
waste any—”]

 

[“Right, right, enough of that.” Felt’s eyes were narrowed. “Why do you want this
badge in the first place?”]

 

“Don’t—!” Felt hissed. “Don’t be such a— Just—!”

 

From this point of view, she suddenly understood intimately just how frustrated and desperate
Subaru must have felt in those moments. But there was nothing to be done about it now.

 

[Subaru opened his mouth — and nothing came out.]

 

“Don’t choke up NOW, in fact!” Beatrice hissed. “You’re so close…!”

 

But there was nothing to be done about it now.

 

[“The older lady who asked me to steal it in the first place didn’t want to talk about it
either.” Felt was smiling, now. “It looks like you’re the same.”]

 

Felt buried her head in her hands. That sort of thinking — all of the goals that had been
swimming around in her head back then looked so small and inconsequential, now that she
understood just what had actually been at stake.

 

[“W-Well, stealing is pretty bad itself,” Subaru tried to say. “So with theft involved, I’m
pretty sure everyone has some ulterior motives they wouldn’t like to talk about…”]

 

[“But in your case, you stand out more than one usually would. If I slow down and
think about it…” Felt’s smile sharpened. “You’re trying to steal this away from
whoever wanted me to steal it in the first place.”]



 

Yes — yes, they were all so, so small and insignificant…!

 

[“Just what is this badge anyway?” Felt wondered aloud, examining it more closely.
“It’s worth more than it looks, isn’t it? That’s why everyone wants it. In other words,
it’s worth more than even this meteor…”]

 

[“W-Wait, Felt—” Subaru tried to interrupt. “That line of thought is really dangerous. I
pretty much know what you’re planning on saying now, even if I’m just drawing on my
experience from playing games, but…”]

 

Julius let out a shuddering breath. To get all of his information about these things from
GAMES was —

 

Whose idea had it been, to put such a boy in a situation like THIS?!

 

[“This deal for more than twenty holy gold coins!” Subaru said, growing more
panicked. “Just take it! Don’t be any greedier than that! El— The one who
commissioned you can only pay twenty holy gold coins herself. She won’t pay any more
than that—!”]

 

[“How do you know that?” Felt asked sharply.]

 

“No!” Otto cried out.

 

[“The more you talk the more you’re giving away.” Felt’s stared at him suspiciously.
“You’re in league with her, aren’t you?”]

 

“There’s no other reasonable way to interpret something like that…!” Crusch buried her face
in her hands. “Certainly, Felt wouldn’t have believed…”

 



[If only I could tell her about— but there’s no guarantee she’d believe me! Subaru’s eyes
darted about frantically, looking for a way out. Maybe I’ll have to wrestle it away from—
but then I’d have this muscular geezer to deal with, and I wouldn’t be able to outrun her,
anyway…!]

 

“At least he hadn’t tried to do that,” Rom muttered to himself.

 

He knew this was going to end well. But watching this middle part was still…!

 

[“Well, she’s got you dancing in the palm of her hand, doesn’t she, kiddo?” Rom
chuckled. “Must be embarrassing given that she’s younger than you.”]

 

[“It’s all your fault for giving her free rein,” Subaru moaned. “She’s so tough I feel like
I’m about to cry. —Felt, please…!”]

 

“Just listen to him,” Felt pleaded in a raspy voice. “Just fucking listen to him, you two,
PLEASE…!”

 

[“Don’t think begging is going to get you anywhere,” Felt replied, completely ignoring
her future self’s advice. “Look, I accept your deal as an option, but it’s not fair to make
a deal without hearing what my original client has to say about it all.” Her eyes glinted.
“If you would tell me how much this badge is really worth and are able to prepare what
it’s really worth in payment, then I may reconsider, though…”]

 

“That’s the only reasonable response,” Anastasia sighed. This was going to end well, and so
she knew that she didn’t need to feel nervous. “Backing out of a deal before the original
client can even speak for themselves — that isn’t the kind of reputation that any self-
respecting businesswoman would want.”

 

[No compassion or mercy in those eyes…! Subaru lamented inwardly. His gaze flickered
up to Rom. I know why she’s so desperate to negotiate the best deal possible and all…
Damn it, I just have to be honest, don’t I…?]

 



[“All I want is to return the badge to its rightful owner,” he declared.]

 

[Felt blinked. “What?”]

 

“Nobody would believe that!” Otto cried out. “Natsuki-san, even if you were telling the truth,
nobody—!”

 

“So what, was I supposed to have lied to her face?!” Subaru shot back. “Give me a break,
here! Wasn’t telling the truth the smart thing to do…?”

 

[“I want to return that badge to its rightful owner. That’s all.” Subaru bowed to her,
pleading with every bone in his body. “So, please…!”]

 

“It was, it was, but—!” Otto gnashed his teeth together. Why couldn’t the truth have been just
a bit more convenient?

 

Felt sighed, propping her chin up against her hand. “It worked out in the end, at least…”

 

[“Felt,” Rom said, watching her animosity grow. “I don’t think he’s lying…”]

 

[“Don’t you be tricked by him!” she snapped. “This has got to be a joke! Return it to its
rightful owner? By paying all of this money to buy it back from the person who stole it?
How stupid can you get? If that’s what he wanted to do, he should have brought a guard
with him to round us up!”]

 

“But of course he didn’t,” Felt groaned. “Emilia asked him not to, so of course he…!”

 

But at least it had worked out — in the end.

 



[“If you’re going to lie, do a better job of it!” Felt raved. “Even if you act like you’re
serious, I won’t be tricked! If I don’t… That’s right. I won’t be tricked…”]

 

[“Felt,” Rom said, voice pained.]

 

Somewhere in the back of her mind, Emilia wondered what Felt had been thinking.

 

The rest of her self was too preoccupied with dreadful terror to give it any more thought than
that.

 

[Rom suddenly became alert, his attention abruptly aiming itself at the door. “…Who is
it?” he asked.]

 

“No…” Tivey whispered. Next to him, Hetaro whimpered.

 

[“It could be my client,” Felt muttered, still looking and sounding angry even as she
walked over to the door. “It does seem a little early, though…”]

 

“No!” Julius gasped. “No, don’t—!”

 

“Felt—!” Reinhard cried, who had yet to arrive at the Loot House.

 

Felt would have said something to calm them down, but the mounting tension was making
her freeze up. Because even if she knew that it wasn’t Elsa at the door right NOW—

 

[“Don’t open the door!” Subaru cried out desperately. “We’ll all be killed!”]

 

[But of course, Felt didn’t listen.]



 

“Noo…!” Mimi hissed, clutching at her braids.

 

But of course, there was nothing that any of them could do.

 

[“—What do you mean, ‘be killed’?” A voice that was absolutely not Elsa Granhiert’s
answered.]

 

Emilia’s eyes widened. “This is—!”

 

[And just like that, Emilia’s onscreen counterpart stepped into the Loot House. “I’d
never do anything that violent without warning!”]

 

“I remember this!” Emilia shouted, leaping to her feet. “This is it — this is how we met!”

 

It wasn’t that she hadn’t believed that Felt and Reinhard were telling the truth. But there was
a world of difference between hearing it and actually seeing it for oneself—!

 

For the first time in what felt like hours, Emilia felt her smile split her face in two.

 

“This is the right timeline!” she cried out. “This is— Subaru is going to be oh-kay!”

 

He was going to be alright. Her beloved knight was going to be alright, this time around —
and so nothing else really mattered at all.

Chapter End Notes

Okay. NOW the next chapter will round off Arc 1.



…Man, I am IN for it—



Chapter 5: Starting Line (Arc 1, Part 4)
Chapter Summary

Elsa attacks! More importantly, everyone remembers exactly what happened — which
means this is the loop that sticks!

Unfortunately, it also means that the other three…

Well.

Chapter Notes

ALRIGHT. And now, FINALLY, we have reached the end of the arc that nobody
actually cared about when they first clicked on this fic.

—I say that, but I do hope that I managed to make these chapters entertaining so far!
Just cause I know nobody gives a shit about this part doesn’t mean I get to phone it in,
you know?

(Besides. Some of those LN details were really adorable actually—)

See the end of the chapter for more notes

[“You really are a persistent woman, aren’t you…!” Felt gritted out, looking mortified
and frustrated. “Why couldn’t you just give up already?”]

 

[“Unfortunately, this is not something I can give up on,” Emilia replied. “If you’ll be a
good girl and hand it over, I won’t hurt you.”]

 

“Very lenient,” Crusch commented. “For someone who had stolen something that important,
that is very lenient indeed.”

 

“It’s not like I needed to hurt her,” Emilia frowned. “I just wanted my insignia back. There
was no need to do anything else.”



 

Emilia was a gentle soul, and very pure of heart. Anastasia would not have been so lenient
with someone that had proven themselves such a genuine threat.

 

[How’d she get here so fast?! Subaru wondered, completely caught off guard. —Wait.
Does this mean she would have gotten here this quickly in the first loop if I hadn’t slowed
her down…?]

 

Emilia held up a hand to her mouth to hide her giggles, giddy as she was with relief at the
realization that, from here on, Subaru really WOULD be alright. Everything else came
second to that knowledge, as far as she was concerned.

 

“Sabotaged me and didn’t even have the decency to realize it.” Felt sighed, rolling her eyes.
“Unbelievable, the audacity of that guy…”

 

[“You’re going to give up before the fight’s even started…?” Felt’s onscreen
counterpart was hissing at Rom, noticeably more on edge.]

 

[“If it was an ordinary magic user I wouldn’t be complaining,” Rom muttered back.
“But this one’s a problem… You’re an elf, aren’t you, miss?”]

 

Emilia’s unapologetic burst of enthusiastic joy had been enough to infect everyone else in the
theater, relaxing everyone in a manner that Felt and Rom’s earlier assurances had not.
Perhaps it was because Emilia was more of the genuine sort, or maybe because Felt’s self-
consciousness had prevented her from fully relaxing herself, or perhaps it was simply
because Emilia had been loud and proud about her sudden elated realization. Whatever the
case, the mood had shifted significantly.

 

“Sorry for the unkind words, Miss,” Rom apologized, rubbing the back of his neck. “I just
wasn’t really sure what to make of you, when you first showed up…”

 

Emilia shrugged it off, smiling. “It was a year ago,” she dismissed. “And you didn’t really do
anything bad to me, you know? So it’s alright.”



 

[“Technically, you’re mistaken,” Emilia replied, sounding slightly pained. “Only half of
what I am is an elf.”]

 

[Subaru didn’t react, but Rom and Felt both did — especially Felt, who suddenly went
pale and staggered back.]

 

[“A half elf…and with silver hair…?!” she hissed. “You…You can’t be…!”]

 

[“I’m not her!” Emilia said hastily. “We only look the same! It’s…It’s a problem for me,
too.”]



Frederica felt a pang. She was not unfamiliar with social pressures surrounding appearances,
nor was she unfamiliar with how it felt to be self-conscious of the things you could not
control.

 

Though really, Lady Emilia likely had it much worse than she did, didn’t she?

 

[Subaru tilted his head, still completely lost about what was actually going on with that
topic.]

 

Otto winced at the pained look on Emilia’s face. He — understood, on some level, how it felt
to be isolated by the circumstances of one’s birth. But even for him…

 

Emilia’s circumstances were something uniquely taxing, indeed.

 

“He still has no idea,” Ricardo was laughing. “Aw, this probably looked so strange to him,
didn’t it? If all he knew about elves was that they were naturally beautiful and all—”

 

“OH BE QUIET.”



 

[“You… You set me up, didn’t you?”]



Frederica winced. Hard.

 

“Oh no,” Otto groaned.

 

Julius rubbed his face. “Of course she thought that,” he hissed to himself. “Of course…”

 

[“I thought it was fishy when you said you wanted to return this thing to its owner,” Felt
growled, growing more enraged by the second. “The fact that you kept me from hiring
people to block her way was also part of the plan, wasn’t it…? You two are in this
together, aren’t you?!”]

 

That was the only real conclusion Felt could have drawn from these circumstances, yes.
Anastasia inwardly chuckled at the comedy of errors unfolding before her.

 

Really, the horror of it aside — what a chaotic ability Subaru had.

 

“Relax, Jules,” she told her poor, tense knight. “Natsuki is gonna be fine this time. Three
different people can confirm it.”

 

“I know that, I know, but…!” Julius just couldn’t seem to relax.

 

Anastasia couldn’t really blame him for being so on edge. Seeing that boy get cut down so
viciously — and three different times, no less — had been a disgusting sight, indeed.

 

[Oh! Subaru realized. That’s why Not-Satella got here so fast! Felt hired people to block
her way before, so she wasn’t able to run straight to the Loot House before Elsa…!]

 



“THAT is your takeaway here?” Otto asked flatly. “Honestly, Natsuki-san…”

 

“Little slow, aren’t ya, Big Bro?” Felt grinned. “But at least you figured it out eventually, I
guess…”

 

“Hey, I DID figure it out, didn’t I??” Subaru cried.

 

“Nyes, nyes, nyew figured it wonderfully, Subaru-kyun!” Ferris praised, a big grin on his
face. “Nyer such a smart boy, nyes nyew are~”

 

“STOP THAT—!”

 

—Actually, Rachins dimly remembered. The ones who had tipped Lady Emilia off about
where to go were…

 

“Seems like we’ve found ourselves a good one, boys,” Gaston had said, not realizing who
exactly he had been talking to.

 

“A fine pearl…? I don’t think I’m round anywhere… Am I fat?”

 

The had tried to rob her shortly afterwards. But then, of course, they had gotten their asses
kicked for their troubles.

 

“Don’t move!” Emilia had proceeded to warn him, specifically. “If you move then…ummm,
what should I do?”

 

“If you move then I’ll give you a TERRIBLE time in place of this kind child,” the spirit that
Rachins now understood was the Beast of the End had declared. “Is that clear?”

 



Rachins had had no choice but to acquiesce under the pressure, and so Lady Emilia had used
the opportunity to get him to reveal the location of the Loot House.

 

At the time, he had woefully resented that beating and grumbled about his terrible luck for
the rest of the day. —Now, he wished she had gone ahead and kicked his teeth in.

 

(Rachins thought all of this, but he didn’t say any of it out loud. He was in no state to talk to
anyone, right now.)

 

[Well, Felt IS right, in a sense… Subaru mused. This is currently going in my direction. I
mean, I’d like to get that badge back myself so that I can give it to Not-Satella and receive
her praise, but so long as she gets it back at all I won’t complain…]

 

Ferris started cackling so hard he nearly fell over. Subaru looked about ready to melt through
the floor of his jar.

 

“Young men these days, I tell you!” Ricardo laughed, a huge smile spreading across his face.

 

“Have men always been this way, I wonder?” Wilhelm wondered aloud. “Or is this attitude a
mark of the newer generation?”

 

Ram sighed, crossing her arms. “Lady Emilia’s dog, indeed…” she muttered.

 

Anastasia chuckled, elegantly hiding her smile behind her hand. “Oh, to have a suitor who is
fueled solely by praise,” she teased. “Yer a lucky girl, Lady Emilia.”

 

“Oh, stop it!” Emilia turned away, blushing bright, but she couldn’t quite hide her wide smile.

 

[“Huh…?” Emilia blinked, taken aback. “What do you mean? You two aren’t
together?”]



 

[“Ha!” Felt laughed scornfully. “Cut the act! I’m the one who’s backed into a corner
here. So go ahead and take this badge from me and laugh at my stupidity, why don’t
you?!”]

 

“Nobody knows why he’s there!” Ricardo started laughing. “Absolutely nobody wanted him
there or knew how or why he had gotten involved! Oh man, that must have been so
confusing…”

 

“Made a joke of the password, insulted my face, demanded I share my booze, tried to rush
through a deal, and then had no apparent connection to the person he had claimed to be
working for,” Rom muttered. “It was an impression, all right…”

 

“…I wasn’t THAT bad…” Subaru muttered, his ears red.

 

“You were pretty bad, Big Bro,” Felt confirmed, laughing.

 

[“Oh, come on.” Subaru raised an eyebrow. “Just because you’re at a slight
disadvantage doesn’t mean you have to cave so easily.”]

 

[“That’s all you have to say after bringing this girl here?!”]

 

“Wha— Whose side are you ON?!” Otto squawked.

 

“And that did not help!” Felt said cheerfully. “I was starting to think that you came to cause
trouble for everyone just for the sake of it, you know…”

 

“Disappointing to know that you really do get into these situations because you’re just that
dumb, Barusu,” Ram said monotonously. “Ram already knew that, of course, but she did
have some hope…”

 



“Will all of you just be quiet?!”

 

[Ah, this is getting dangerous, Subaru thought, perhaps a little too late.]

 

“We had a spirit mage bearing down at us for the better part of two minutes,” Rom said flatly.
“And you only just started to think that this was perhaps a tense situation?”

 

“I didn’t think—!”

 

“You never do, do you, Natsuki-san?” Otto sighed. It was a good thing that Emilia had been
the one on the other end of those ice crystals, yes.

 

”You never do,” Frederica muttered.

 

[What should I… Oh?]

 

[A very familiar broach was pinned to the breast of Emilia’s cloak.]

 

“Of course,” Anastasia sighed aloud, even though she had figured it out from the very start.
Who else could it have been, after all?

 

“Of course!” Garfiel laughed, not even faintly surprised by this development. “Lady Emilia
really is…”

 

Ram shook her head, a soft smile on her face.

 

Emilia turned away from her grinning campmates, a blush blossoming across her cheeks as
her lips turned upwards. “Shush.”



 

[Subaru saw that broach and smiled, sighing in relief as his whole body relaxed. Of
course. What was I worried about?]

 

In the present moment, Subaru remembered that moment and relaxed, feeling as though he
had sunk into a warm bath.

 

Nearby, Emilia noticed this reaction and had to cover her giddy smile with both hands.

 

Beatrice watched them both with a flat expression, and slowly shook her head.

 

[I was nervous because her face reminded me of how she rejected me in that last loop…]

 

Emilia winced, her smile faltering at the memory of that incident. “S-Sorry, Subaru,” she
apologized, and she meant it. “I shouldn’t have been…”

 

“Don’t apologize, Emilia-tan, no!” Subaru frantically waved her off. “Now that I know what
I actually— Your anger at me was totally warranted, I’d be more upset if you just took that
sort of behavior on the chin, honest!”

 

[…But at her core, Not-Satella’s kind heart is never going to change, is it…? No matter
how many times I start over in this world…!]

 

“Ah.” Anastasia suddenly blinked. “So that’s what it is…”

 

Mimi frowned, glancing upwards. “Milady?” she asked.

 

It’s not a simple matter of attraction anymore, Anastasia thought to herself. Lady Emilia’s
kind nature has become a security blanket.



 

“It’s nothing, Mimi,” she said aloud. “It’s nothing worth worrying about, at all…”

 

And it isn’t, she reasoned. Lady Emilia is a Royal Candidate. Acting as an emotional safety
blanket for her people is part of her job.

 

Her unease receded slightly, but it did not fade away entirely.

 

Crusch winced, hard. That…

 

She wasn’t sure how she felt about that one.

 

“And that’s where it starts, then,” Ram sighed, rolling her eyes. Having become all too
familiar with Subaru’s attitude towards Emilia, she wasn’t worried about it at all.

 

[“What the Hell are you laughing about?!” Felt demanded.]

 

[“Alright.” Subaru clapped his hands together, a big smile on his face. “The more we all
talk about this, the more confusing it’s going to get, so… Felt why don’t you just go
ahead and give that badge back? Now, Sate— I mean, YOU should take it and get out of
here, so you don’t get it stolen from again…”]

 

“Nice save,” Ram muttered, inwardly shuddering at how much worse this would have gotten
if Subaru had called Emilia “Satella” in this already-tense situation.

 

Julius may have panicked about that himself if he was not already panicking about something
else. “You are SO suspicious, Subaru!” he hissed out, pulling at his hair. “Why are you acting
like you know Lady Emilia already when you’ve never MET—!”

 



“I just— Look, I—!” Subaru floundered. “I really think you’re overreacting here, you
know?!”

 

The image of Subaru bleeding out from giant, gaping wounds in his abdomen — the THREE
images, because that had apparently happened not just once, but three different times —
stared back at Julius from behind his eyelids, and refused to go away. “I really don’t think I
am!”

 

[“Why are you acting like you know me all of a sudden?” Emilia asked, understandably
bewildered by this strange man’s even stranger behavior. “I really don’t get what’s
going on here…”]

 

[“I don’t get what’s going on either,” Felt added, staring at Subaru suspiciously. “Just
who do you think you are?”]

 

“Both of them have perfectly valid reasons to be suspicious of you, you absolute buffoon—!”

 

“Oi, Julius!” Felt barked back. “I get it and all, but neither of us did anything, so would you
just chill already?!”

 

Rom looked as though he were desperately trying to hold back laughter. He also looked like
he was going to fail in that endeavor very soon if things kept going the way that they were
going.

 

[Ah, dang it, we’re not getting anywhere. Subaru looked at Rom. Any help…?]

 

[“It’s a magic user we’re dealing with,” Rom warned. “I can’t really make any moves.
Don’t be so hasty.”]

 

[Ugh, this old man is useless.]

 



“Such an incredible lack of self-awareness is a little impressive,” Anastasia said wryly.

 

Rom shook his head, chuckling slightly as he held back cackles. “Should’ve known the kid
wouldn’t want me hurting his crush,” he commented, a wobbly smile on his face. “Man, the
idea of Subaru asking for THAT, of all things…”

 

Ferris giggled. “Subaru-kyun really did just show up looking like trash, demanded that his
host share his alcohol, insult half the people in the room, acted like the friend of his business
partnyer’s pursuer despite nyever meeting her before, and just…” He cackled. “Man, what
I’d give to be inside of NYER heads at that moment!”

 

“It was certainly something to behold,” Felt muttered.

 

[…Wait. Subaru’s eyes widened. Wait!]

 

[“Puck, shield her!”]

 

[A loud crash suddenly echoed through the Loot House as a steel weapon connected
with a sheet of ice that had been raised just in the nick of time.]

 

Frederica’s shriek was matched in volume only by Otto’s. Ram swore loudly enough to make
her dear sister startle backwards. Beatrice flinched violently at the noise. The members of the
other camps, too, couldn’t help but jump, even with the warning they had been given. Even
Subaru — who remembered all of this clear as day — banged the back of his head against the
side of the jar in his surprise, bending forward to hiss in pain and rub at the ache.

 

Only Emilia was unfazed, watching the screen with the sort of happy look on her face that
seemed remarkably out of place, considering that she was watching herself nearly get
beheaded by a sadistic monster of a woman.

 

“You…” Garfiel swallowed, trying not to let show how uneasy he was. “You do remember
this,” he said. “Right, Emilia?”



 

Emilia sighed, smiling. “Yes,” she said simply. “Yes, I remember that very well…”

 

[“That was just in the nick of time, there,” Puck commented, having come out from
behind Emilia’s hair. “You saved us.”]

 

[“Nice going there, Puck!” Subaru gave a thumbs-up. “Really, I’m the one who’s saved.
Thanks!”]

 

“Puck and I did talk later about how Subaru could have known his name,” Emilia said
thoughtfully. “We kind of just put it aside, but…”

 

It was nice to have an answer to that question, finally.

 

Crusch frowned. “You weren’t suspicious?” she asked.

 

“Well — I was, a little bit,” she admitted. “But Puck can read intentions, so we knew from
the start that Subaru was a good boy.”

 

[“A spirit, a spirit, huh? Ah…ha, ha…!” Elsa’s voice echoed throughout the room, the
woman spouting a wide smile across her face. “That’s wonderful. I haven’t ever opened
the stomach of a spirit before…!”]

 

“Gross,” Ram said flatly.

 

“All that woman ever thought about was guts, I suppose,” Beatrice sniffed. She had never
been fond of the Bowel Hunter, but with — recent developments — her dislike of the woman
had magnified significantly. “She met a fitting end, in fact.”

 

Garfiel — turned away, uncomfortable. He didn’t regret anything, but…



 

(The idea of taking someone’s life had just gotten a lot less comfortable. And as it was, it
hadn’t sat amazingly with him before.)

 

(Frederica placed a hand on her little brother’s shoulder. She — didn’t really get it, but she
was his big sister, so she would be there for him regardless.)

 

[“Hey! What’s the meaning of this?!” Felt shouted angrily. She took out the stolen
badge, holding it aloft. “All you’re supposed to do is buy this badge from me. Turning
this place into a bloodbath was not part of our agreement!”]

 

Julius frowned. “Did you really expect your client to keep her word?” he asked. “I mean,
considered where you…”

 

“Believe it or not, most folks in the slums kept their word,” Felt shot back. “When it’s the
only thing you have that’s of any value, you tend to want to make sure it STAYS valuable.
Those who don’t keep their word don’t have any value at all, and everyone knows it sooner
or later.”

 

Subaru — shifted slightly, where he sat in his jar.

 

[“Buying the stolen badge from you is certainly what I came here to do,” Elsa purred.
Unlike Subaru, she did not look guilty in the least. “But we can hardly negotiate if the
original owner is here. So I decided on a change of plans…”]

 

[Her eyes were full of murderous intent. Felt gulped, her anger visibly morphing into
fear. “I’ll just kill everyone here, and then I’ll pick that badge up from the sea of blood
afterwards. You weren’t able to do your job. Do you really expect me not to throw away
something that’s useless to me? You talk a good game, but you do terrible work. You
really are just another slum dweller…”]

 

[Felt’s face twisted at her words, which had clearly stung her deeply.]



 

“I hope ya didn’t listen to her,” Anastasia commented, leaning her cheek against the palm of
her hand. “Yer nothing like those losers with no ambition.”

 

Felt scoffed. “I don’t need YOU to tell me that,” she retorted.

 

She ignored the warm feeling that such praise had kindled inside of her.

 

Emilia frowned. She wasn’t from any sort of slums, not like those two were, but —

 

I reeally don’t think that’s fair…

 

[“Don’t give me that, you bitch!” Subaru snarled.]

 

“Subaru…!” Julius hissed out, clenching his fists until his knuckles turned white.

 

Anastasia smiled softly. Of course he had. What else could she have expected?

 

Even if, really, she rather wished that he hadn’t.

 

[“Is it really that fun for you to pick on such a little kid, you guts-obsessed sadist?!”
Subaru shouted. “Felt is doing her best to live strong! Just because things aren’t going
exactly the way you planned, you’re going to wreck everything and throw a tantrum?!
What are you, five?! How about you treasure life for once?! Do you know how much it
hurts to have your belly ripped open?! I KNOW!!”]

 

[Elsa blinked, clearly confused. “…What are you trying to say?”]

 



“…I think we need to start paying more attention to the nonsense Barusu spits out,” Ram
managed. In context, that monologue of his was uniquely horrifying.

 

Emilia stared at the screen, aghast. How many times had Subaru just — told them about this,
to her face? …How many times had she brushed it off as a joke?

 

Had he really been crying out for help, this entire time, and she just hadn’t…!

 

Perhaps it wasn’t that Subaru hadn’t told her anything after all. Perhaps Emilia just — hadn’t
listened.

 

Was that it?

 

[“I’m just taking this moment to let the unforeseen sense of justice inside me rant about
the injustice of this damn world, and right now, to me, the injustice of this world is you,
and this situation, so right now I’m channeling all of my anger about everything on to
you!”]

 

“That’s — fair,” Julius sighed. “Though I do wish you would choose a safer target for that
sort of thing…”

 

Anastasia glanced at her knight, glanced at Subaru’s scowling face, and then had to hide a
smile as she turned back to the meteor.

 

[“All right!” Subaru clapped his hands together. “That’s enough buying for time. Get
her, Puck!”]

 

[“That was such an amazingly lame tirade there, I want to write it down and leave it for
future generations,” Puck said wryly, just about finished setting up his attack. “Guess
I’ll have to respond to your expectations, huh? —It seems I haven’t introduced myself,
little girl. My name is Puck. I’d like it if you at least remembered my name, as you say
farewell to this world.”]



 

[And just like that, the massive icicles surrounding Elsa all flew together to skewer her
from all sides at once.]

 

“How the Hell did she survive this?” Garfiel wondered aloud, frowning at the meteor.
“Taking on the Beast of the End…”

 

“The Bowel Hunter was far from an easy opponent,” Reinhard answered. “To call her one of
the most dangerous criminals in history…likely, it would be far from an overstatement.”

 

Garfiel stared at the Sword Saint in shock. For Reinhard van Astrea, of all people, to say
something like that…!

 

[“Did we get her?” Rom asked.]

 

[“Now why did you have to go and say that?!” Subaru retorted.]

 

Garfiel had won a one-on-one battle — with someone like that?

 

Of course I did, his own voice scoffed inside his head. My amazing self is the shield of the
Emilia Camp. So, of course I won against someone like…

 

“Well done, Garfiel,” Otto muttered nearby.

 

[“It pays to be prepared…” Elsa’s voice rang out, and she cut through the white smoke
as she kept forward, tossing aside her black coat. “I don’t like wearing it because it is
heavy, but it looks like I was right to wear it this time.”]



Frederica sucked in a breath.

 



“Ah,” Julius realized. “It’s one of those…”

 

“A coat woven with a formula that can protect the user from a magic attack a single time,”
Emilia confirmed.

 

Anastasia frowned. “The Bowel Hunter had access to something like that?” she asked.
“That’s…”

 

“It doesn’t matter now,” Mimi dismissed, waving her hand. “The lady’s dead, right? So it
doesn’t matter.”

 

Anastasia hoped that Mimi was right about that. If someone was going around handing out
such powerful items to criminals like this…

 

Anastasia would rather that such a thing not be the case.

 

[“One manages defense and the other attack,” Subaru observed, he, Rom, and Felt all
watching Elsa fight with Puck and Emilia from the sidelines. “In reality, it’s two against
one.”]

 

[“That’s the tricky thing about spirit mages,” Rom commented in a low voice. “One’ll
attack, and the other defends. Depending on the situation, one might use simple magic,
buying for time, as the other prepares a special attack… That’s why we on the
battlefield say, ‘When you meet a spirit mage, lay down your weapons and wallet and
run.’”]

 

Having met a number of spirit mages on the battlefield himself, Wilhelm knew exactly what
Rom was talking about.

 

[“I’m looking for an opening so I can help out that elf girl,” Rom answered Subaru,
who had noticed how he was still gripping his club. “Of the two, she seems the one more
willing to listen to us.”]



 

[“Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait! No!” Subaru frantically shouted, tugging
him back down. Strength-wise he couldn’t do anything, but the sincerity in his voice
gave Rom pause. “You’ll only get in their way! If you go out there the only thing that’s
going to happen is you’re going to lose your right arm and have your throat slit! Stay
right where you are!”]

 

[“Don’t say that!” Rom balked, his eyes widening and his hand flight up to touch his
neck. “The way you put it makes it sound like I’ve already been cut!”]

 

Felt flinched violently at that reminder, hissing softly to herself.

 

Ram scratched at his neck uncomfortably. He had figured even at the time that Subaru had
been speaking from more than just conjecture, but…

 

“It didn’t happen this time,” he muttered to himself. “So, it’s…fine.”

 

[“She really looks used to fighting, despite her being a woman,” Puck mused.]

 

It wasn’t uncommon, Julius noted, for spirits to have such notions about gender — especially
not older spirits.

 

Anastasia did not disagree with Puck’s opinion, really. A proper maiden’s place was directing
her men from on high, not joining them on the battlefield. With just a few exceptions, that
was simply the way the world worked.

 

Ferris frowned at the screen, thinking of what Crusch had been like at her most incredible.
But the thing that had made her so incredible lay in how she differed from most other
women, hadn’t it? For most maidens, that was simply…

 



(Ferris was a failure of a man who hadn’t been able to take his Cruschie’s place on the
battlefield. He knew this already, he did, but—!)

 

[“Well, it’s been a very long time since someone called me a girl.”]

 

[“From my perspective, most people I deal with are like babies to me,” Puck replied.
“But even so, you’re so strong I almost feel like I should pity you…”]

 

[“To be complimented by a spirit such as yourself…I must say, I’m honored.”]

 

“It really is an honor,” Julius admitted. “That is not just any spirit, after all…”

 

For Elsa to hold her own agains the Beast of the End was truly…!

 

[“But it’s not like that spirit will be able to keep itself here forever,” Rom muttered. “As
soon as it’s out, the balance of power will shift.”]

 

[“Damn, you’re right!” Subaru realized. “How soon is five-o-clock?!”]

 

“Shit,” Garfiel swore.

 

“Garfiel, please…!” Otto moaned.

 

“It’s oh-kay,” Emilia smiled. “Everything works out, alright? I promise.”

 

[“Just when things were starting to get fun…” Elsa murmured, still dancing and
weaving between Puck’s attack like a magician. “It pains me to see that something else
is distracting you from paying attention to me.”]



 

[“That’s what sucks about being a lady’s man” Puck said lightly. “The girls never let
you sleep. But you know if you stay up too late it’s bad for your skin…”]

 

“She really is going to outlast the Beast of the End,” Julius said faintly.

 

This is who Subaru had run into — within his first handful of hours in this country? What
kind of rotten luck was that?!

 

[“My foot…” Elsa noticed, surprised.]

 

[“You didn’t think that I was scattering all of these things around for no reason, did
you?” Puck teased, having frozen her foot to the floor.]

 

[“…I guess this means you’ve got me.”]

 

[“Just blame it on the gap in our ages,” Puck dismissed lightly. A ball of magic was
forming in front of his paws. “You have plenty of reason to congratulate yourself for
getting this far. Now, goodnight!”]

 

[And just like that, the attack — a blast of pure destructive energy — shot off towards
the Bowel Hunter.]

 

“…Did she—?” Mimi frowned.

 

“Nope,” Garfiel muttered, even before the dust cleared.

 

“But how…?” Mimi recoiled from the screen. “Oh, GROSS!”

 



[“Ah, that was wonderful!” Elsa praised. “I really thought I was going to die there.”]

 

[“…With you being a girl, I can’t say I approve.”]

 

[For Elsa had cut off the sole of her right foot in order to nimbly leap away from the
blast.]

 

“What the fuck?!” Rem shouted, staring at the scene with shock and disgust as she recoiled
away from the meteor.

 

What kind of monster—!

 

How many people like — this — existed, in this world to which she had just opened her
eyes?!

 

[“I was afraid I might lop the whole foot off seeing as how I hurried,” Elsa marveled.
“That was a close one.”]

 

[“Even if you only cut that much,” Puck mused. “It must hurt a lot.”]

 

[“Well, yes, you’re right. But it’s wonderful. It makes me feel alive. And in addition to
that… Ahhh…” Elsa let out a sound almost like a moan as she pushed her bleeding foot
against a piece of ice.]

 

“What the actual fuck?!” Garfiel demanded, his eyes wide. Even having fought her himself,
he hadn’t expected—!

 

[“There we go.” She placed her foot — alongside its new shoe of ice — against the
ground. “It’s a little hard to move, but this should be enough.”]

 



“That’s disgusting,” Ram hissed.

 

”Completely improper,” Frederica muttered. It was the milder of her complaints about this
situation, and thus the only one she felt comfortable voicing aloud.

 

Otto privately thanked both Garfiel and everything good in the world that this — woman —
was no longer a problem that he needed to worry about. He hoped dearly that she was one-of-
a-kind sort of monster: he wasn’t sure how much of this sort of thing his heart could take.

 

[“I’ll find a way to handle the rest on my own,” Emilia whispered to Puck, who was
slowly fading away. “So go ahead and rest. Thank you…”]

 

Ram hissed to herself softly. “Lady Emilia—!”

 

“We get out of this,” Emilia confirmed patiently, kindly. “All of us get away from her this
time, oh-kay?”

 

[“It looks like we can’t just sit around and watch this anymore, can we?” Rom growled,
getting ready to move.]

 

[“I know, I know,” Felt agreed in a low voice. “Whether we help or run, we’re going to
have to make a move soon…”]

 

“I’d recommend running,” Anastasia said flatly.

 

“We couldn’t just leave her behind, when she was defending us like that!” Felt retorted.

 

Bleeding hearts, all of these people.

 



[“About what you said before,” Felt’s onscreen counterpart said. Subaru started. “…
Thanks. It made me feel better.”]

 

Reinhard turned to Felt, a smile on his face.

 

“Shut it,” Felt ordered.

 

[Subaru blinked. “Huh?” he asked.]

 

[“Only a little bit!” she insisted. “Plus, don’t call me a little kid. I’m fifteen. You can’t
be that much older than me.”]

 

[“…Actually, I’ll be eighteen this year,” Subaru corrected. “I’ll be able to get a license
to drive a car, and I can get married, too…”]



Frederica frowned a little. The way he said that…

 

[“You can’t be that old!” Felt squawked. “Your face looks younger than mine! Live a
life that shows on you bit, geez!”]

 

“‘Car’?” Anastasia inquired. “And — you can’t get married until you’re eighteen, where
you’re from…?”

 

“Who wants little kids getting married?” Subaru retorted. “Even eighteen is really young for
that sort of thing. Like, yeesh…”

 

That was — a very different cultural mindset surrounding the topic of marriage, yes.
Anastasia made a note of it somewhere in the back of her mind.

 



“Big Bro looks like a little kid,” Mimi giggled. “Mimi also thought he was younger than her,
the first time we met…!”

 

Subaru gaped at her in astonishment. “What do you mean, YOU thought I was younger than
you?!”

 

Ricardo started laughing, trying and failing to mask it by coughing into his fist. Julius might
have joined him if his terrified gaze was not firmly fixed on the figure of the Bowel Hunter,
twirling like a devil within the meteor.

 

[“My legs just can’t stop shaking…” Subaru whispered, watching Felt and Rom both
ready themselves to act. “I guess this is what happens when you lack resolve.”]



“Lack resolve?” Frederica echoed. She didn’t think Subaru showed a lack of resolve at all,
not even a little bit.

 

Wilhelm couldn’t blame him in the slightest. Subaru-dono had become an excellent knight,
but in this moment he had been just — an unsuspecting youth, thrust very suddenly against
an opponent that he had no hope of defending himself against without hope.

 

He hated — hated — what it had cost. But…Wilhelm did have to admire the bravery and
strength that it must have taken, for Subaru to keep trying to save those around him from
such a threat regardless.

 

[Without Puck’s support, Emilia had been thrust into a disadvantageous position,
constantly trying to avoid Elsa’s quick attacks. She leapt backwards across the room,
then sideways onto the countertop — and then backwards, frantically trying to escape
Elsa‘a swift blows, only to crash into the shelves and collapse behind the destroyed
counter, the items all falling down right on top of her.]

 

“Emilia!” Otto cried out, his eyes widening.

 

“That— did hurt,” Emilia admitted. “But it’s alright! I got back up, so it’s absolutely fine.”



 

[“All right, I’m going!” Rom roared, hefting his club — and the old man swung into
action.]

 

—Something about those movements looked familiar, Wilhelm suddenly realized.

 

…He was probably imagining it.

 

[But when Rom swung his club with enough force to demolish the impromptu ice statue
that had been formed from Puck’s earlier attack, Elsa dodged easily — landing
gracefully on the very tip of his weapon.]

 

Mimi shouted in surprise, her eyes flying wide open. “She—!”

 

[“What in the—?!” Rom shouted.]

 

[“I’m only able to do this because you’re so strong!” Elsa said cheerfully, raising her
kukuri and aiming it at his exposed neck—]

 

“NO!” Mimi shouted, briefly overcome by the panic of seeing that killing blow even if she
logically knew that—

 

Hetaro pressed himself up against his sister’s side, and tried to ignore the fact that he was
shaking, too.

 

[—Only for it to be blocked by another, different knife that had been thrown from
across the room.]

 

[“You think I’d let you?!” Felt’s voice shouted.]



 

Everyone breathed an enormous sigh of relief.

 

“I had no idea,” Felt muttered. “I had no idea how close…!”

 

Rom placed a hand on his granddaughter’s shoulder. She didn’t shake him off.

 

[But it hadn’t quite been enough: though Elsa was caught off-guard, the kukuri still
sliced deep into the area between Rom’s neck and shoulder, and he collapsed to the
ground.]

 

[“Old Man Rom!” Felt screamed, her eyes widening in horror.]

 

Felt flinched, but managed to calm herself quickly. That was the nice part, about being able to
hold the hand of the person you were worried about.

 

[“What a naughty little girl,” Elsa purred, eyeing her menacingly as she turned Felt’s
way.]

 

Reinhard tensed up.

 

“I was fine, you dumbass,” Felt reminded him, scowling. “You REMEMBER that I ended up
just fine, right?”

 

Reinhard swallowed, but nodded. “…Of course, Lady Felt.”

 

Rom tried not to make his own worry so obvious. He — hadn’t been conscious to see this
part, after all.

 



[“You have neither the resolve nor the strength to fight,” Elsa lamented. “You should
have at least stayed in the corner and made yourself small, like a good little girl.”]

 

“Creep,” Ram hissed. A sadistic, vindictive, worthless creep. That’s what this monster was.
Frederica curled her lip in agreement.

 

[Damn it, we’re done for! Subaru cried out inwardly. Guess there’s nothing left to do but
Return By Death and start over again…]

 

“NO!” everyone shouted, eyes widening in horror at such an awful proclamation—

 

But there was no need.

 

[No… I don’t want to feel that pain again.]

 

“Yes,” Wilhelm said desperately. “Yes, just — you don’t want to go through that, right? So
—”

 

[I don’t wanna die…!]

 

“Exactly, exactly!” Ricardo said, nodding ferverently. “Nobody wants to—”

 

“You can’t go giving up something so precious,” Rom growled. “Inexcusable, that’s what that
would be.”

 

[I guess… Subaru concluded. He took a deep breath. So long as I have life…all I can do
is fight with all my might!]

 

Ferris took a deep breath. Exhaled.



 

“Subaru,” he said. There was no levity in his voice, this time. “If nyew ever even consider
doing anything else while I am around — death will pale in comparison to what I, personally,
will do to nyew.”

 

Subaru stared at the expression on the healer’s face and felt a chill go down his spine.

 

[Just as Elsa swung, aiming to cleave Felt in two just as she had done before—]

 

[“AAAAAAHHHH—!”]

 

[Subaru dove in, pushing Felt to the side just as Felt had done for him, in a timeline that
only he remembered.]

 

Garfiel cheered loudly, the sight quickly chasing away the horror of that mental close call.
“Go, Captain!” he roared.

 

“…Huh,” Felt said.

 

She remembered this. She hadn’t realized until now, however, that such a movement…

 

What was this feeling? Grief? Nostalgia? Felt wasn’t sure.

 

[Before Elsa could strike again, an icicle flew over to intercept her, forcing her to divert
her attention: Emilia had finally resurfaced from behind the counter.]

 

[“Are you all right?” Subaru asked. “I was desperate there, so if I accidentally touched
somewhere I shouldn’t have, please forgive me, okay?”]

 



“Way to ruin it, Natsuki-san,” Otto sighed.

 

[“If you hadn’t said that I would have thanked you like normal!” the Felt onscreen
agreed hotly.]

 

“You really do need to work on that, Big Bro,” Felt muttered, rolling her eyes.

 

“Honestly,” Otto sighed.

 

Ram simply huffed and crossed her arms with amusement.

 

[“…But why?”]

 

[“I don’t know!” Subaru shouted. “My body moved on its own! If I had to give a reason
— well, you don’t know about this, but with this now we’re totally even, okay?
Remember that! We’re even now!”]

 

Felt really wasn’t sure what this feeling was. She—

 

She wished she had known. At the time, when this whole situation was going down.

 

[“Listen here, Felt,” Subaru’s voice cut in.]

 

Emilia recognized that tone. “Subaru, don’t—”

 

But she already knew what he was going to do next — for two very different reasons.

 



[“Right now I’m going to do the same sort of thing as Rom did before he was knocked
out to help stall for time,” Subaru announced. “When that happens I’ll be sure to open
up a window for you, so I want you to use that opportunity to run out of here as fast as
you can. You got it?”]

 

“What?!” Julius cried out in a pleading tone. “Subaru— Of the two of you, Felt is clearly the
more capable—!”

 

“Don’t say that!” Subaru retorted, looking anguished. “Haven’t you destroyed my pride
enough already?!”

 

“Not if your pride keeps making you make stupid decisions like THIS—!”

 

[“What?! No!” Felt agreed hotly. “Are you telling me to just turn tail and flee—?!”]

 

[“That’s exactly what I’m telling you to do!” Subaru retorted. “Stick out your butt, tuck
your tail in between your legs, and run as fast as you can! To be honest that’s exactly
what I want to do right now. I don’t want to stay another second in this violent
space…!”]

 

“Maybe don’t suggest that a Royal Candidate risks her life for the sake of a knight,”
Anastasia commented wryly. “I know yer worried for yer friend and all, Jules, but…”

 

Julius winced, and then quickly turned to where Reinhard and Felt were both looking his
way. “Lady Felt—!”

 

“It’s fine, it’s fine,” Felt sighed, waving him off. “…It’s not like I don’t agree with you on
some level.”

 

Subaru gaped at her, visibly wounded.

 



[“But…!”]

 

[“You’re fifteen and I’m seventeen,” Subaru insisted. “Out of all of us, you’re probably
the youngest one here. So it’s the right thing to do to give you the highest possibility of
getting out of here alive. It’s only what’s natural. It’s a given!”]

 

Prioritizing the children, then. Frederica felt a small smile cross her face. Some things
transcended the Great Waterfall, perhaps.

 

Prioritizing children like that — Anastasia privately thought that such a method was a rather
naïve way of looking at the world. There were plenty of monstrous children who didn’t need
nor deserve being looked after in such a manner, after all.

 

[“Give me a break!” Felt cried. “You were cowering in fear a minute ago!”]

 

[“That is that, this is this!“ Subaru replied. “I’m not shaking now, so it’s okay! Really,
before I remember and start shaking I’ve got to do this now, okay?” He braced himself,
readying his body and soul to engage in the fight once more, wrapping his hands around
Rom’s discarded club. “Get ready to run—!”]

 

Julius wondered if he was about to faint. Otto felt much the same.

 

Ram would never, ever admit that she felt her heart skip a beat, watching her little brother
clumsily holding that massive club against an opponent that had already slashed him open
twice.

 

He survives this, she reminded herself. He survives this…!

 

[Subaru’s swing was remarkably good, for someone who had never handled a club
before. As he swung forward, baring down on her head from behind, it looked as
though he might actually—!]



 

[But of course he didn’t.]

 

[“You picked the right moment and angle to target me,” Elsa praised, having swiftly
blacked the club by burying her kukuri into the wood. “But unfortunately, I could have
sensed your killing intent a mile away.”]

 

[“Intent to kill?!” Subaru repeated, eyes wide. “How the hell am I supposed to hide
that?! —Now, Felt! Run!”]

 

Even back then, he had the makings of a knight.

 

Wilhelm was not surprised in the least — not really — but he was still very, very proud.

 

What that drive to protect those around him had cost him — he didn’t need to think about
that right now.

 

[“Do you really think I’d let you go?” Elsa threw a second knife Felt’s way, aiming to
spear her before she could—]

 

[“Too bad! I wanna let her go!” Subaru kicked the round table beside him upward at
such an angle that it intercepted the knife, allowing Felt to escape unharmed.]

 

Garfiel and Mimi both cheered. Ricardo nodded approvingly, whistling. Julius blinked: even
he had to admit that such a move had been impressive.

 

[“Man, I’m awesome!” Subaru cheered. “That was awesome! But wow, the tips of my
toes hurt more than I expected— UWAH!!”]

 



[Elsa had kicked him in the side of the head, sending him flying to crash against the wall
on the other side of the room.]

 

“Ow!” Ricardo hissed.

 

“Yeah,” Subaru admitted. “That one — hurt.”

 

[“You let one get away,” Subaru hissed out, taunting her even through the pain.]

 

[“That’s the first time in a long time someone’s made me actually a little bit angry,”
Elsa noted mildly.]

 

Garfiel would have cheered, if the danger inherent in that sentence hadn’t sent a chill down
his spine.

 

“Ca…” he swallowed. “Captain…?”

 

He survives this, he reminded himself. Captain — survives it, this time.

 

[“Fine. If that’s what you want, I’ll pay attention to you.” Elsa’s eyes narrowed. “Your
dancing better not bore me.”]

 

[“I’m going to go ahead and warn you,” Subaru spat out. “If you’re going to dance with
me, you’d better be careful: I haven’t learned a thing about dancing, so I’ll be sure to
step all over your toes!”]

 

Despite herself, Ram couldn’t help but snort. “Idiot Barusu,” she muttered.

 



Emilia tilted her head. “I think you’re a lovely dancer, Subaru,” she commented mildly.
Subaru’s face turned red. “I really enjoyed dancing with you, during—”

 

“E-Emilia-tan, please—!” he croaked out. “Please, just — not now—?”

 

“Nyo, by all means,” Ferris grinned. “When did nyew two dance together? Just how good
was Subaru-kyun? Tell us EVERYTHING, please~!”

 

[“If you’ve got some kind of hidden true power available,” Subaru called to Emilia
warily. “I think that now would be a great time to use it!”]

 

“Don’t ASK for something like that, Subaru—!” Julius cried.

 

[“…I do have another trick up my sleeve, but if I use it, I’ll be the only one left alive.”]

 

Crusch’s breath hitched, her eyes widening. “You…what?” she asked meekly.

 

Anastasia — felt much the same.

 

[“I won’t use it,” Emilia declared, at Subaru’s teasing plea for her to hold off on any
‘self-destructs.’ “I can’t while you’re still trying your best. You can do this, so keep on
struggling. Relying on the power of one’s parents is my absolute final option.”]

 

“Ah.” Anastasia grimaced. “So that’s what it is…”

 

A fully-fledged Beast of the End… That wasn’t a situation with a good outcome, not at all.

 

[Not-Satella is someone who, no matter how tough things get, will never look down and
give up, Subaru marveled. …I haven’t died several times and come this far just to see her



give up!]

 

Ram — smiled. She thought that she could see it, why Subaru had fallen for Emilia so utterly
and completely.

 

Emilia winced. “But I really,” she hesitated. “I really didn’t want you to…”

 

[“I didn’t see anything just now.”]

 

[Emilia blinked. “What?”]

 

[“The conversation we just had, it didn’t happen!” Subaru declared. “I just
remembered the reason I’m here. Just leave it to me, damn it! I’m going to make sure
you never have to use that final option of yours!”]

 

[Subaru pointed at Elsa, a challenge burning in his eyes. “I’m going to blow you away,”
he announced. “And we’re going to have ourselves a happy ending!”]

 

[And thus, Subaru and Emilia dove together into the fray of battle.]

 

“Yes!” Garfiel crowed, pumping his fists into the air. “Go, Captain and Lady Emilia!”

 

A happy ending, Anastasia mused.

 

What a childish desire.

 

[Unfortunately, even together, Elsa was the stronger opponent. Slowly, slowly, she
chipped away at them — at Subaru, who was fighting her upfront while Emilia tired to



provide cover from the other side of the room. Slowly, slowly, Subaru accumulated cut
after cut after cut…]

 

Wilhelm flinched with every blow. Every cut, every scrape, bit after bit…!

 

He’d rather take every one of those on himself. But — that was exactly what Subaru must
feel about everyone else. He knew that much…!

 

[“Damn, it hurts!” Subaru cried. “Argh! How about this—?!”]

 

[Subaru hefted the club again, only to turn and drop it as he swung himself around,
revealing his intent for such a blow to be nothing but a feint — but Elsa caught him by
the ankle as he tried to kick her upside the head.]

 

“No!” Otto gasped.

 

“No,” Garfiel moaned. “No, Captain—!”

 

“Subaru!” Julius cried, staring at the meteor in horror.

 

“I thought he survived,” Mimi protested, watching with horror and growing despair. “You
said— You said he survives this time—!”

 

[I shouldn’t have done that…! Subaru squeaked out inwardly, watching helplessly as
Elsa raised her blade, preparing to slice off his leg—]

 

[“That’s enough.”]



“—Ah,” Frederica sighed. She recognized that voice.



 

Thank goodness.

 

[And just like that, something — or SOMEONE — crashed through the roof of the Loot
House.]

 

Julius leaned forward. “Is that—!”

 

“I had no idea it had gotten that close…!” Reinhard whispered, tense as a tripwire as he
stared at the meteor.

 

[“Shall we put an end to this?” his onscreen counterpart declared, confidently stepping
into the center-stage.]

 

The entire theater relaxed.

 

“He does survive, then,” Ricardo confirmed, sinking backwards into his seat. “Thank fuck…”

 

“Ricardo!” Anastasia scolded, sending a warning glance Mimi’s way.

 

“For a moment there, I…” Otto trailed off, shivering.

 

“You cut it way too close,” Felt agreed under her breath. “You cut it way, way, way too
close…!”

 

[“…Reinhard?” Subaru called out, having successfully managed to use the knight’s
entrance as a distraction to sprint to the other side of the room.]

 



[“That is correct, Subaru,” Reinhard smiled. “I suppose it hasn’t been too long since we
last met. I’m sorry I’m late.”]

 

“Not too late, however,” Julius said, relieved. “Just a second more— But you were right on
time, so that’s all that matters.”

 

[“Black hair, black clothes, and a bent blade particular to the northern country of
Gusteko,” Reinhard noted. “With all those characteristics aligned, there’s no mistaking
it. You are the Bowel Hunter, aren’t you?”]

 

[“What kind of an evil nickname is that?!” Subaru hissed out.]

 

“I can’t believe you met the Bowel Hunter within like four hours of landing in Lugunica,”
Otto muttered. “There’s bad luck, and then there’s whatever THAT is…”

 

“I still can’t believe you people have criminals with titles like ‘Bowel Hunter’ just — running
around!” Subaru retorted.

 

Crusch pursed her lips. That was a fair criticism.

 

[“It’s an alias given other based on the way she kills,” Reinhard explained lightly.
“She’s well known even in the Capital as a dangerous individual. However, from what I
hear, she appears to be more of a mercenary…”]

 

[“Reinhard…” Elsa murmured. Far from fearful, she looked excited — and growing
more so by the minute. “Yes, a knight among knights, and of the ‘Master Swordsman’
lineage… I never thought I’d meet such an enjoyable opponent. I’ll have to thank my
employer for giving me this job, now, won’t I…?”]

 

“Wha— she’s EXCITED?!” Mimi sputtered. “Who the— What IS this lady?!”

 



“A monster, that’s what,” Ricardo answered coldly. “A monster that cares only about fighting
and maiming and killing.”

 

[“There are many things that I would like to ask you,” Reinhard said. “I recommend
you surrender; however…”]

 

[“Would you say to a starving predator as it stands before its wounded prey,” Elsa
returned, “a perfect specimen and already dripping blood — to bear its hunger and
move on?”]

 

“I hate this,” Crusch said flatly. “Disgusting. This woman is…”

 

“I— cannot disagree with you, Lady Crusch,” Wilhelm said haltingly. As a soldier, perhaps
he would not have responded so emotionally were he not now viscerally aware that this
woman’s prey explicitly included Subaru.

 

[“I see,” Reinhard said, awkwardly scratching the side of his cheek. “…Subaru, would
you take the old man and go and stand next to her, over there?”]

 

Julius was giggling into his hand, watching the meteor with the enthusiastic anticipation of a
little boy getting ready to see a swordsmanship match. Ferris couldn’t help giggling right
alongside him, grinning at his face as the Knight of Knights noticed both what he was doing
and that the people around him were turning to watch.

 

Julius coughed into his fist, forcing back his giggles, his cheeks red. “—It will be nice,” he
said, much more formally. “To see Subaru and Lady Emilia safe and secure from the wrath of
the Bowel Hunter.”

 

“And not me?” Rom grinned. Julius sputtered, cheeks darkening further at his mistake.

 

Frederica chuckled. Perhaps boys were the same everywhere.



 

[“That woman’s a monster,” Subaru warned. “So don’t let your guard down, alright?”]

 

[“Fortunately,” Reinhard declared, “fighting monsters happens to be my specialty.”]

 

[And just like that, the fight between the Sword Saint and the Bowel Hunter began.]

 

“Holy crap!” Garfiel gasped. He had heard stories of Reinhard van Astrea before, but he had
— of course — never seen him in actions.

 

This — This sight before him, right now? Words could barely even describe what he was
watching, here…!

 

[“No, no, no, no, no!” Subaru said in an astounded voice, having never expected
something like this. “There’s no way. You’re kidding me, right? This is on a totally
different scale— I’ve been using the phrase ‘totally different scale’ wrong my whole life,
in fact…!”]

 

This was a completely reasonable reaction to seeing Reinhard in action for the first time —
especially when Subaru had never even heard of the Sword Saint position before, let alone
the legendary Reinhard van Astrea.

 

Julius remembered how he had felt, seeing that man for the very first time, around a decade
earlier. Even now, that experience still…!

 

[“I would rather not use violence against a woman, but…” This did not stop Reinhard
from kicking Elsa across the room.]

 

Garfiel barked out a laugh. “Go, Reinhard!” he cackled.

 



[This did nothing to stop her, of course. “You’re just as the rumors say…” she breathed.
“No. You’re even better.”]

 

[“I’m not sure that I can meet your expectations,” Reinhard denied humbly.]

 

“Oh, please,” Felt snorted. “You’re too humble for your own good, you appa red soldier.”

 

“Far too humble…” Rachins muttered.

 

[“Will you not use that sword of yours?” Elsa purred, gesturing to the Dragon Sword
strapped to his hip. “I would love to have a taste of that legendary sharpness…”]

 

“What a freak — to WANT something like that,” Rachins hissed.

 

He still hated everything — absolutely EVERYTHING — about this situation. He didn’t
even know what part of it he hated most.

 

…He did, actually. The palms of his hands tingled, and he felt as if he were still holding that
knife in his hands.

 

[“Unfortunately, this sword can only been drawn when it is needed,” Reinhard replied
evenly. “The fact that it hasn’t left its sheath means that this is not one of those times.”]

 

[“I do believe I’ve been underestimated,” Elsa returned.]

 

“What kind of monster would that sword respond to, then?” Garfiel marveled.

 

“I have no idea,” Otto muttered.



 

The sentiment was rather universal, within the walls of the theater.

 

[“It is a disappointing verdict for me, too,” Reinhard lamented. He picked up a different
sword — one of the stolen swords that had fallen from the walls of the Loot House at
some point or another. “—I’ll take you up with this one, instead. Any objections?”]

 

[“No,” Elsa replied, her eyes glinting with ecstasy. “It is wonderful. Wonderful! Do
entertain me, please!”]

 

“I am,” Ram managed. “SO grateful, that this woman is not our problem anymore.”

 

“Thank fuck,” Felt muttered, in total agreement.

 

Garfiel — had very complicated feelings about that reality, himself.

 

[“Rom. Old Man Rom. Hey. Baldy.” Having pulled him over to the side of the room,
Subaru patted Rom’s cheek, making him stir. “You alive?”]

 

[“Who…Who you calling ‘Baldy’?” Rom muttered.]

 

[“Who else?” Subaru retorted. “My only goals in life are to never go bald or get fat. You
are, like, the best example for me of who I don’t want to end up like…”]

 

“You really know how to be insulting, don’t ya, kid?” Rom commented.

 

Ferris was giggling. “That’s nyer life’s ambition?” he teased. “To nyever go bald or get
chubby?”

 



“Not the most ambitious of men, are ya, Natsuki?” Anastasia sighed.

 

Subaru crossed his arms, turning away with a scowl on his face in an effort to hide his blush.

 

[“Does it look like that person is going to be alright?” Emilia asked, kneeling down
beside him. “…He needs treatment,” she murmured, and her hands began to glow with
a faint blue light.]

 

Anastasia raised an eyebrow. “He was complicit in stealing yer insignia,” she said. “And ya
used yer mana to heal him, Lady Emilia?”

 

[“That’s precisely why I’m doing it,” Emilia answered Subaru, who had asked
practically the exact same thing. “Once I heal him I can use his gratitude to get
information out of him. People don’t lie to people who’ve saved their life. I’m only
doing this for my own sake…”]

 

Anastasia had perhaps never heard a more bold-faced lie in her life. She shook her head,
marveling at Lady Emilia’s — great kindness, if she wanted to be generous.

 

But, looking at the admiring face of the time-traveler that the pure-hearted candidate had
managed to charm without even knowing it, Anastasia could acquiesce about such a tactic
having its strong points.

 

Rom realized, then, that he had never actually thanked Lady Emilia for what she had done for
him. Looking at this scene now, he wanted to kick himself for that one.

 

[“Now that you have lost your weapon,” Reinhard said, having practically plucked
Elsa’s kukuri out of the air. “I recommend your surrender.”]

 

[Subaru’s eyes widened as Elsa charged forward. Pride always leads to the worst
outcome—! “Reinhard!” he shouted. “She’s got another blade!”]



 

“I don’t think ya needed to worry about him,” Ricardo chuckled.

 

“Not about the blade, and DEFINITELY not about his pride,” Rachins muttered. He had not
moved from the fetal position for at least an hour, now, but he just had to voice his opinion on
Reinhard’s completely aggravating obsession with humility.

 

“Well how was I supposed to know that?!”

 

[“I’m surprised you knew that,” Elsa commented, having been successfully deflected.]

 

[“Well, I’ve personally experienced it—”]

 

In the theater, Reinhard couldn’t help but bury his face in his hands.

 

He — He hated this. He really, really hated this…!

 

[“If I divest you of all your weapons, will you surrender?” Reinhard asked.]

 

[“If I lose my fangs, I’ll fight with my nails,” Elsa declared. “If I lose my nails, I’ll fight
with my bones. If I lose my bones, I’ll fight with my life. That is how I, the Bowel
Hunter, fights.”]

 

“Terrifying,” Wilhelm said mildly. Those kinds of opponents were always the most terrifying
to face, yes.

 

He didn’t like that Subaru had — fallen victim — to a monster like that, but perhaps him
being exposed to that reality early on…

 



Wilhelm wanted to think that some good things may have come out of that horrible
experience.

 

Staring up at the meteor, aghast, Rem really, really hoped that the number of people like that
in the world that she had just opened her eyes to was — manageable.

 

Considering that this random boy had managed to stumble upon one of them within hours of
arriving here himself, she did not like how her chances looked.

 

[“I’m holding him back,” Emilia muttered.]

 

[“Eh?”]

 

“The healing magic,” Felt realized. “Reinhard wasn’t able to…”

 

“Not until I was finished,” Emilia sighed. She didn’t regret a thing — but she still felt a little
bit guilty, perhaps, of making Reinhard wait.

 

“Thanks for not giving up on me so soon, Little Miss,” Rom said gratefully.

 

Emilia shook her head. “It’s nothing,” she responded, and she meant it entirely.

 

[“I’m almost done healing him,” Emilia whispered, having explained exactly this.
“When I give the signal, let him know.” A few moments more, and then… “I’m done.”]

 

[“Leave it to me,” Subaru answered, and cleared his throat. “Hey, Reinhard!“ he
shouted. “I don’t really get it, but do your thing!”]

 

“You couldn’t have warned him?” Ram asked.



 

“I didn’t realize I might need to,” Emilia sighed. For someone to not have heard of Reinhard
before was…

 

But that was the nature of Subaru’s predicament, it seemed.

 

[“I’m sorry,” Emilia whispered. “But could you lend me your shoulder…?”]

 

[“What happened?” Subaru asked worriedly — and for good reason. Emilia looked as
though she were about to faint. “Did you suddenly…?”]

 

“Ah,” Julius realized. “The mana.”

 

If Reinhard was taking in all the mana like that, then naturally…and especially a spirit mage,
like Lady Emilia…

 

Reinhard winced. “Lady Emilia, I—” he tried.

 

Emilia shook her head, smiling. “Thank you,” she said sincerely. “You saved us all, Reinhard.
Thank you for that.”

 

You saved Subaru, she thought privately to herself. I can’t possibly thank you enough.

 

[Onscreen, the Loot House exploded.]

 

Julius squawked loudly. “Subaru!”

 



[“Whoa, whoa, whoa!” Subaru cried, having not expected such a blast of energy at all,
fighting back against the sudden storm.]

 

“Calling out for a boy like that, and not the Royal Candidate?” Anastasia chided. “Take care
not to forget yourself, Julius…”

 

“I’d want Julius to care more about Subaru than me!” Emilia said hotly.

 

Subaru’s face was bright red. “I—” he managed. “Emilia— I mean, that’s—!”

 

Eventually he realized that he had absolutely nothing to say to that, and he was left to sink
into himself in defeat. Nearby, Otto tried to muffle his laughter with his hand. Garfiel didn’t
even bother doing that much.

 

[When the dust cleared, the Loot House had been utterly demolished.]

 

Garfiel choked, abruptly snapped out of his episode of mirth. “Holy crap,” he managed.

 

Frederica had seen Reinhard in action before. She wasn’t surprised at all.

 

[Garfiel wasn’t the only one who felt that way. “Hunting monsters is your specialty, my
ass!” Subaru was shouting, his eyes wide and his voice slightly squeaky. “You’re a
monster yourself!”]

 

[Reinhard smiled weakly. “Even I’m a bit hurt by a comment like that, Subaru…”]

 

Garfiel couldn’t say that Subaru was wrong — nor could anyone else. Reinhard was just…
like that.

 



It wasn’t like Reinhard didn’t understand his role as a monster who fought monsters. He
didn’t know why someone voicing a fact like that still stung, sometimes.

 

Felt glanced up at her knight and pressed her lips together. “Honestly…” she muttered.

 

[“I’m sorry for pushing you so hard,” Reinhard whispered to his borrowed sword,
which was crumbling to fist in his hand. “Rest well.”]

 

“Holy crap,” Mimi echoed under her breath.

 

“Mimi, don’t use that kind of language,” Anastasia scolded. “It’s impolite, and very
unladylike…”

 

[“Forget a corpse, I don’t even see any trace of her left,” Subaru marveled. “This is all
just from one swing of your sword…?”]

 

“It really is something else,” Julius sighed wistfully. He had thought that he had already
accepted it long ago, but—

 

Well. Being reminded of how far above you your heroes actually were…

 

That never felt great.

 

[“Is it over?” Emilia’s voice asked.]

 

[“Yeah…” Subaru breathed. “In the true sense of the word, it looks like it is…”]

 

[It’s over, he thought. It’s finally, finally over…!]



 

Emilia winced. To Subaru, that meant — a lot more than it had meant to her. And she hadn’t
noticed at all…

 

“I really hope that it is actually over,” Otto muttered.

 

Ram didn’t say anything, but her eyes didn’t stray away from the screen. Because there was
one rather significant detail that — didn’t seem to match up with what she remembered.

 

Yet.

 

[“Why are you staring at me like that?” Emilia frowned. “That’s very rude of you.”]

 

[“Your limbs and head are all still attached to your body, right?” Subaru answered.]

 

Ram coughed into her fist, startled out of her unease. “Barusu,” she gasped. “Of ALL THE
THINGS you could have opened with—!”

 

“Didn’t you want her to trust you?” Crusch agreed, staring at the screen with an aghast look
on her face. “To a question like that, I can’t imagine…!”

 

“I-It was an honest question!” Subaru tried to defend himself. “I didn’t come that far just to—
just to watch something else—!”

 

“You could at least have a little more self-awareness about you, though, Natsuki-san!” Otto
cried. “There’s no way that anyone reasonable would hear that and not conclude that you’re
someone to be wary of!”

 

[Sure enough, Emilia was eyeing him suspiciously. “…Why wouldn’t they be?” she
asked. “Could you please not say something so ominous?”]



 

[“That’s right,” Subaru marveled. “I mean, that makes perfect sense. I, myself, have all
my limbs. I don’t have a knife stuck in my back or a huge hole in my stomach!”]

 

Rachins flinched violently. Reinhard looked at him sharply, moving to try and—

 

“Don’t,” Rachins snapped at him. He sounded exhausted. “Just— don’t.”

 

…It was for the best. Reinhard didn’t actually know what he was going to do once he reached
him, not really.

 

[“You talk as if you experienced those things before,” Emilia frowned.]

 

[Subaru smiled sheepishly. “There was a time when I did…!”]

 

Everyone in the room flinched at that reply.

 

Emilia hissed softly. Even at the time, Subaru’s response had worried her. But now…!

 

Ram took a deep breath, and let it out. She hated this situation, but — she would deal with it
with as much grace as she could muster.

 

“We really have to start paying more attention, in fact,” Beatrice muttered. She — How much
of this had she missed, because she had dismissed it all as her contractor joking around?

 

Now that the danger had passed, Frederica couldn’t stop frowning. Just how many of his
comments had she dismissed as nonsense?

 



[“Oh, yeah, Reinhard!” Subaru called, grinning wide. “I haven’t thanked you yet. You
saved my ass! Back in the alley, too… I guess you heard my heart’s cries for help,
friend!”]

 

Frederica’s eyes widened.

 

Otto sputtered. “Calling him a monster — and then calling him a friend?!” he exclaimed.
“Natsuki-san, make up your mind, at least…!”

 

Subaru frowned. “Someone can be both a monster and a friend,” he said, confused. “It’s not
— how is that mutually exclusive?”

 

Otto stared back at him, aghast.

 

Reinhard…did not know how to feel about that statement.

 

[“If I did do that, I’d certainly be proud,” Reinhard answered, smiling right back.
“Friend, eh…?”]

 

Felt glanced at her useless knight, who was currently looking at the scene with an air of
nostalgia, something both warm and fragile in his eyes. She shook her head slightly:
Reinhard REALLY needed more friends.

 

Someone can be both a monster and a friend, Subaru had said. Maybe that was the mindset
someone needed to have, when dealing with Reinhard.

 

[“She was running around the streets in desperation,” Reinhard was explaining,
gesturing to where someone was peering at them from behind the rubble. “And she
asked for my help…”]

 

“Of course,” Crusch smiled. “You couldn’t just leave them, could you…?”



 

“Obviously not,” Felt scoffed, though she couldn’t quite hide her blush. “Old Man Rom was
right there with them, you know…!”

 

[“The only reason I was able to come here is because of her,” Reinhard said. “After that,
I was just doing my job as a knight.”]

 

[“Is flattening old buildings part of your job description?” Subaru asked.]

 

[“Don’t you think that’s a bit harsh, Subaru…?” Reinhard winced.]

 

“No,” everyone answered unanimously.

 

Reinhard winced, shrinking into himself ever so slightly. If they hadn’t just witness him
flatten a building, perhaps they would have fallen for those puppy-dog eyes…

 

[“That’s…” Emilia had caught sight of Felt.]

 

[“Wait a minute.” Subaru hastily moved to intervene. “If she hadn’t called Reinhard
for help, we both probably wouldn’t be here right now,” he pointed out, smiling
nervously. “So for my sake, overlook her crimes and please don’t turn her into an ice
statue…?”]

 

[“I wasn’t going to do that!” Emilia said, her eyes widening. “And what do you mean,
for your sake…?”]

 

“You really did assume an awful lot of familiarity with Emilia, right from the start,” Ram
commented wryly.

 



Subaru flinched, looking — not quite embarrassed, but rather ashamed. Ram’s teasing look
faltered slightly.

 

Emilia was the one who jumped in to defend him. “It’s — not Subaru’s fault,” she said.
“From his perspective, I…!”

 

She had already been his friend, and then she — forgot him entirely, even when he didn’t
forget about HER.

 

[“I guess now it’s all up to my negotiation skills…” Subaru mused. “Which are
something I’d never want to put my trust in!”]

 

Anastasia’s eyes widened. “You were still planning to—?!” she demanded.

 

[“What is with you all of a sudden?” Emilia frowned. “The way you’re flailing about
like that is really lame…”]

 

[Subaru had attempted to mimic the hand-to-chest-and-bow movement that he had
previously seen Reinhard perform. It did not produce nearly the same effect.]

 

Wilhelm fought back a laugh, but he couldn’t stop himself from smiling warmly at the
screen. When he was like this, Subaru…

 

Was this how he was supposed to feel with Reinhard, he wondered? He then stopped
wondering it immediately, due to having pushed that thought violently from his mind.

 

[I can’t even feel envious, Subaru sighed inwardly, looking at Reinhard. This is just the
difference between someone who has it and someone who doesn’t…]

 

“Actually, it’s more that you got the gesture slightly wrong,” Julius noted helpfully. “You
bowed a little too low, and you put too much of a flourish on the hand movement. If you had



just toned it down slightly—”

 

“Stop, stop, stop!” Subaru shouted, desperately covering his ears. “I don’t wanna hear it! Not
from YOU!”

 

[—The rubble shifted.]



Frederica’s breath hitched.

 

Julius’ smile slipped off his face instantly, replaced by that panic that was growing
increasingly familiar to everyone in the theater. “Su—!”

 

[Onscreen, Reinhard was the first to notice. “Subaru!” he cried out.]

 

[But even if Elsa burst out from the rubble behind Subaru a second later, it wasn’t
Subaru that she was aiming for…!]

 

[No, no, no! Subaru’s mind raced. I’ve experienced that fear and pain twice before. I will
protect the girl from that this time…!]

 

“NO!” Mimi shrieked, eyes wide as she watched the monster that was supposed to be dead
launch itself out of the rubble. Garfiel inwardly echoed the sentiment, clenching his fists hard
as he tried to remind himself that, no matter what happened next, Captain WOULD survive
this time.

 

Anastasia, who was not worried in the least, frowned and turned to Reinhard. “Ya knew that
there was a Royal Candidate present,” she said. “But when ya realized there was danger —
ya called out to try and warn the random foreigner instead?”

 

Reinhard froze as though he had been caught red-handed doing something naughty.

 



Garfiel frowned. “What does that matter?” he asked. He tried not to let his voice waver.
“Both of them — Both of them survived! Who cares if he called out to Captain first?”

 

“I think it’s perfectly reasonable for a boy to call out to his friend when he believes his friend
is in danger, Lady Anastasia,” Rom added. “Do you really expect him to drop everything just
because Lady Emilia was there? To look after one’s friends — it’s only natural.”

 

Especially for Reinhard, who had so very few.

 

“It was still an abandonment of his duty as one of the royal knights,” Anastasia pointed out.
“Reinhard should have prioritized saving Lady Emilia, regardless of his personal feelings.”

 

“I wouldn’t want him to do that!” Emilia retorted hotly. “Subaru— I would have wanted
Reinhard to save him, first! Absolutely!”

 

“Emilia-tan!” Subaru exclaimed, his face bright red.

 

“I…” Reinhard swallowed, knowing full well that Anastasia was right. “I…”

 

“So what?” Felt was the one who stepped in to save him. “He wanted to protect his friend
from a crazy bowel-obsessed sadist,” she retorted. “If that’s a crime, then this country is even
more of a shithole than I thought! Butt out.”

 

Anastasia leaned against the palm of her hand, smiling wryly. Naughty Sword Saint.

 

(A small part of her — that part of her that had never quite gone away since her young,
orphaned, no-name self was lying in that hole and staring up at the sky — couldn’t help but
feel warm.)

 

[Subaru grabbed Rom’s club, throwing himself forward to push Emilia out of the way.
“She’ll go for the gut!” he cried, holding the club up as a shield as he braced himself to



take Elsa’s strike head-on.]

 

Garfiel felt himself relax. They were going to survive. Of course, his amazing self had
already known that, but— They WERE. Mimi sighed loudly with a similar sense of relief.
Most of the theater echoed similar sentiments, to varying degrees.

 

Julius flinched at the blow, trying desperately not to scream again. After all that — the last
thing he wanted to see was yet another blade so close to Subaru’s stomach!

 

Beatrice hissed, already recognizing the shape of that slashing motion. “So that’s how, I
suppose…”

 

A little bit away, Ram grimaced. That was how, indeed.

 

[Elsa gritted her teeth. “Getting in my way again…!”]

 

[“That’s enough! Elsa!”]

 

[Subaru had been thrown across the room, but he was alive — and with Reinhard now
fully alert, Elsa had no chance at success. This was something that she seemed to
understand.]

 

[“One day, I will open the stomachs of everyone here!” Elsa declared. “Be sure to take
care of your bowels for me until then!”]

 

[And then she was gone, having leapt away into the night.]

 

“What an ominous send-off,” Crusch muttered. “—And your camp had to deal with that
woman again?”

 



“We did,” Emilia confirmed. “She was…reeally intent on making sure we were dead.”

 

“…I’m glad to see that you all survived.”

 

Garfiel suddenly stiffened. He hadn’t considered it before, but—!

 

No, he told himself. No, surely Captain didn’t…

 

Did he?

 

[“Are you alright?” Reinhard asked, running over to Emilia.]

 

“And now he remembers,” Anastasia giggled under her breath.

 

[“I’m perfectly fine! Rather than me, you should be worried about…!” Emilia shook
her head, bounding over to assist Subaru where he lay. “Are you alright? What were
you thinking?!”]

 

Even back then, Emilia had thought much the same thing about who Reinhard should really
be looking after. Felt found a smile forming across her face.

 

Otto sighed at his Lady’s unprofessionalism. But — he suppose such a trait could not be
helped. Nor would he necessarily want it to be, really…

 

“You reeally did scare me back then, when you did that, you dunderhead,” Emilia sighed.
“And then…”

 

She remembered what happened next, of course: Emilia could never forget something like
THAT.



 

[“She’s completely gone now, right?” Subaru asked wearily.]

 

“Reasonable question to ask, I suppose,” Beatrice muttered.

 

[“I’m sorry, Subaru,” Reinhard apologized profusely, looking ashamed. “This is all my
fault for letting my guard down. If you weren’t there we would have been in trouble. If
that person there had gotten wounded, then…!”]

 

[“Stop, stop, stop! Don’t say it! Don’t say it!” Subaru clumsily waved him off, getting to
his feet. “I forbid you to speak any more than that!” he said. “You’re going to steal my
thunder!”]

 

Ferris giggled. “Nyes, nyes, Subaru-kyun!” he grinned. “Nyew’ve gotta protect nyer
reputation from the big bad Sword Saint, don’t nya…?”

 

“Oh be quiet,” Subaru shot back, a blush on his cheeks.

 

“It really is annoying,” Rachins muttered.

 

Reinhard smiled awkwardly at him, patting him on the back. The more he speaks up after —
all that — the better.

 

Even if it took him complaining about Reinhard to get him to do it.

 

[“My name is Natsuki Subaru!” Subaru declared. “I know there are a ton of things you
want to say and a ton of things you want to ask, but before all of that let me confirm just
one thing!”]

 

[“W-What…?” Emilia blinked.]



 

“Again with those dumb poses!” Ferris cackled. “Do nya always have to go out of nyer way
to look like a dork whenyever nyer meeting someone knew, Subaru-kyun?”

 

“I— I thought it looked cool!” Subaru protested. “Like a — Like a superhero or something!”

 

“Aww, Subaru was trying ta look all cool for the pretty elf girl,” Ricardo teased. “Isn’t that
precious?”

 

“I can never win with either of you, can I?!”

 

[“I totally just saved your life right now from that terrible villain, didn’t I?” Subaru
asked. “We okay so far?”]

 

[“Oh…kay?”]

 

[“It means everything’s fine!” Subaru pressed. “So, are we—” He leapt upwards, first
forming an ‘O’ with his arms and then a ‘K’ with his arms and legs. “Oh-kay?!”]

 

“All that bouncing around…!” Beatrice hissed. She had been a little confused about why
such a blow hadn’t immediately shown itself, if it had been so severe — but if he had been
moving around like this, then no wonder it had split itself open.

 

“He looks like a puppy,” Mimi giggled. Subaru gaped at her, a wounded expression on his
face. “Ya know how puppies bounce around excitedly whenever they want a treat?”

 

“Y-Yeah!” Hetaro blinked, and then smiled brightly. “Yeah, I see it!”

 

Ram folded her arms. “Barusu is indeed a dumb mutt,” she declared. “You two have a keen
sense of observation, to be able to tell that much.”



 

“I dunno,” Ferris mused aloud. “Ferri-chan thinks that puppies nyormally have a bit more
dignity than THIS…”

 

Subaru buried his face in his knees.

 

[Emilia looked very confused. “Oh…Oh-kay…”]

 

“He was reeally confusing,” Emilia sighed, a nostalgic look on her face. “I really didn’t know
what to make of him, back then…”

 

And now Subaru was one of the people dearest to her heart. Isn’t it lovely, how time changes
things?

 

[“I’m the person who saved your life!” Subaru announced. “Your rescuer! Now you are
the heroine I rescued! Don’t you think that I should get some kind of reward?! Don’t
you think so?!”]



Frederica winced hard at the unintended implications of that request. Boys…!

 

“That’s not an unreasonable thing to ask,” Anastasia pointed out. The way that Subaru
phrased it was — perhaps a little worrying — but the sentiment was fair. “He did save your
life, Lady Emilia. I hope you compensated him accordingly.”

 

Emilia smiled awkwardly. “Well…” she admitted.

 

[“…I understand,” Emilia said, a note of dread entering her voice. “Only if it’s
something I’m able to do, though.”]

 

[“As long as you understand!” Subaru declared. “Now I only have one, just one request
of you!”]



 

It was a very reasonable thing to ask, Crusch agreed with that. It would have been reasonable
even—

 

Even if they DIDN’T have the context of what he had actually sacrificed, in order to save
Emilia’s life.

 

But with context…

 

Crusch wondered what he would ask for. There were very, very few things that she would
consider unreasonable, in a situation like this.

 

[“So my wish is…” Subaru said, letting the suspense build for dramatic effect.]

 

[Emilia swallowed, but visibly steeled herself. “Go on,” she said, no doubt preparing to
pay a hefty price…]

 

What would he ask for? Crusch wondered what she might request, if she were in his position.
Money, perhaps, or land — or, considering her status as a Royal Candidate, some sort of
political support. Though, with Subaru being in the position that he was in, perhaps it would
be more advantageous for him to request food and shelter? Or even assistance in finding his
way back home…

 

Anastasia leaned forward eagerly. What would a boy from beyond the Great Waterfall ask
for, given such an opportunity? She could make an easy guess about most others in this
world, but — in that other country, what would they consider most valuable? What would
they request, when handed a favor from a Royal Candidate on a silver platter?

 

[“I want you to tell me your name.”]

 

“…What?” Anastasia asked, her voice coated in a thick layer of disbelief.



 

[After a moment, Emilia relaxed, and started to laugh.]

 

[“Emilia,” the half-elf declared, smiling wide. “My name is Emilia. Just Emilia. Thank
you, Subaru. Thank you for saving me.”]

 

“Of course,” Otto sighed, not surprised in the least. Garfiel threw back his head and cackled.
Frederica chuckled.

 

Ram crossed her arms. “Pervert,” she declared, the corner of her mouth twitching. “Using a
favor to ask for something so personal from a woman — have you no shame, Barusu?”

 

“You’re the pervert if you think that asking for someone’s name carries connotations like
THAT, Nee-sama—!”

 

Crusch coughed into her fist. Out of everything that boy could have asked for, he—?!

 

But considering everything that she had learned about Subaru already, perhaps this was the
most obvious outcome after all.

 

Felt sighed. She had thought that request was foolish and underwhelming even at the time,
but with the context she had now…

 

But she supposed that things had worked out for him, in the end.

 

Anastasia was not so easily pacified. “That’s such an insanely one-sided deal!” she
exclaimed. “So, you went through— and in return, all you received was Lady Emilia not
tricking you into calling her the name of the Witch of Envy?”

 



Emilia flinched, her smile faltering. That was right: the only reason Subaru had needed to
barter for that in the first place was…

 

“You could have asked for — shelter, resources, political support, or a thousand other things
— but all you asked for was her name?” Anastasia looked almost as though she had been
personally offended by that decision. “Natsuki Subaru, that—!”

 

“It’s what I wanted!” Subaru retorted. “I didn’t— I didn’t WANT anything else, I just wanted
to know her name!”

 

Anastasia stared at him, astounded.

 

[“Man,” Subaru sighed dreamily, taking her hand. “That wasn’t worth it at all…”]

 

“It really wasn’t,” Anastasia said flatly. “—Lady Emilia, surely you at least—”

 

“It’s not Lady Emilia’s fault,” Otto cut in. “She would have allowed Subaru to ask for
anything within her power. The fact that all he wanted was her name was…!”

 

It could have been perceived as an insult, for her to insist that such a request was not worthy
enough a reward. Otto understood this, and so did Anastasia.

 

Anastasia gritted her teeth. She understood, but still…!

 

(Otto felt similarly to Anastasia, if he were being honest. But Otto was not an honest man,
and this was not the time to start scolding Subaru in earnest for his poor business sense,
anyway. —Besides: covering for Subaru in areas like this was why Otto was here in the first
place, wasn’t it?)

 

[“I quickly guarded myself with that club,” Subaru was saying to Reinhard as the
knight walked over to join them. “If it weren’t for that, I’d be cut in two.”]



 

Ram grimaced. She could already predict what was coming.

 

After all, if all of this had really happened then she, too, would have to remember the
aftermath of this loop. And in her memories…

 

[“You’re right,” Reinhard said, moving to pick up the club. “If it weren’t for this—”]

 

[“—I wouldn’t have been able to avoid ‘BAD END 4,’” Subaru laughed.]

 

Ricardo flinched violently.

 

“Would you STOP THAT, I suppose?!” Beatrice demanded.

 

“I will, I will!” Subaru cried. “Look they— They were for MY amusement, I didn’t know
you all would—!”

 

[“Huh?” Reinhard said blankly.]

 

“H-Huh?!” Otto squawked.

 

Anastasia hissed softly.

 

Frederica’s eyes widened.

 

Ferris braced himself.

 



“Oh—” Julius paled. “Oh, no—!”

 

[The club had been sliced neatly in half.]

 

Ram sighed, crossing her arms. “So that IS how that happened,” she muttered.

 

Beatrice sighed.

 

[Reinhard and Emilia both slowly turned to look at Subaru, who himself was slowly
looking down at his bruised and purple stomach.]

 

[“Uh oh…” Subaru gulped. “Even I can see what’s coming next…”]

 

It wasn’t difficult to predict.

 

[“Subaru?!” Emilia cried, rushing to his side as he fell over, collapsing to the ground.]

 

[She looks cute even when she’s panicking… Subaru thought dreamily. What a place this
fantasy world is…]

 

[And then he was out cold.]

 

“It reeally startled me, when that first happened,” Emilia sighed.

 

“Even on the verge of passing out, all that boy can think about is how cute Emilia is!” Ferris
cackled. “That little…!”

 



“Oh, shut up!”

 

[“Um, um!” Emilia’s voice suddenly rang out. “That boy really helped me out, so… I
wish you’d carry him a little more gently…!”]

 

Subaru blinked, raising his head and momentarily forgetting his embarrassment. “Huh?” he
asked.

 

“Natsuki-san?” Otto pressed, looking uncomfortable.

 

“I don’t—” Subaru was frowning. “I don’t think I remember that…”

 

Everyone stiffened.

 

[“Um, are you listening?” Emilia cried. The meteor slowly flickered on to show
Subaru’s being hoisted out of the carriage by Ram. “That looks really painful, doesn’t
it?”]

 

Ram snorted. “I do,” she declared. “You don’t remember because you were half— no, two-
thirds unconscious— but Ram certainly remembers carrying Barusu’s sorry self to the guest
room that first night.”

 

Everyone relaxed.

 

[“Ah, this is much too suspicious, I suppose,” Beatrice was saying, having listened to
Emilia’s explanation of what had happened at the Loot House. “There’s no doubt that
someone like that is a spy or something, you know. It would be best to make a clean
break of things here and let him die naturally, I suppose.”]

 

Julius choked, his eyes widening. “What?!”



 

“Betty didn’t know, in fact!” Beatrice refuted hastily. “Betty— Betty is sorry, I suppose,
Subaru. I didn’t…!”

 

[“Well, it’s certainly true that it’s far too convenient,” Ram agreed. “What would you
have us do, Lady Emilia? Shall we let him die?”]



“Ram…” Fredericq trailed off. Surely she had just been joking.

 

Ram winced, hissing softly to herself. As much as she liked to bully Subaru…

 

Well. Perhaps a couple of things were just too much, now.

 

[“Why are you saying such cruel things?!” Emilia asked, sounding horrified. “Please,
help him!”]

 

“It’s fine, you two, it’s really fine!” Subaru frantically tried to cajole. “It’s really not that big a
deal — we’re all alright now, right? And you did…!”

 

[“There’s little choice, so I’ll heal him, but…” Beatrice frowned. “This is something that
I normally absolutely wouldn’t do,” she declared. “I’m doing you a favor, so tomorrow,
I’ll have you let me take Bubby all day, I suppose.”]

 

Present-day Beatrice looked absolutely crushed by this reminder of how she used to treat her
beloved contracted partner, even as Subaru desperately tried to assure her that it really was
alright.

 

Anastasia frowned. It wasn’t that she was opposed to such transactional thinking — that was
the mark of a good businesswoman, of course — but for it to be a facet of a relationship
between a spirit and their contracted partner like that…

 



Her hand stroked her scarf, which twitched almost imperceptibly under her touch.

 

Crusch smiled softly. It was nice, she thought, to look at a scene like this and think about how
far the two people within it had come.

 

[The scene blinked out of focus once more, and then—]

 

[“Emilia-sama,” a voice said. “Now that things have settled down…”]

 

Ram’s eyes widened, and she leaned forward with an uncharacteristically desperate
expression on her face. “Is that—!”

 

[And it was. Because, utterly unmistakably, that was her beloved, forgotten, little twin
sister, standing up tall and speaking with Lady Emilia by Subaru’s bedside.]

 

Emilia gasped. “That’s right!” she said. “Subaru — he REMEMBERS Rem! So—!”

 

They were going to see Rem. The original Rem, the one that everyone but Subaru had
forgotten about. The one whose personality — for the past year — had been left almost
entirely up to the imaginations of the members of the Emilia Camp, even as she slumbered
away just a few doors down.

 

Frederica had liked to think that she had perhaps been a little sister figure of sorts, maybe.
Otto had thought that she was probably rather nice: she must have been pure-hearted enough
to catch Subaru’s attention in the same way that Emilia had, after all. Beatrice had thought
much the same, and had wondered if perhaps Rem had brought her sweets in the same way
that Subaru had, back when she had still been stuck in her library. Were the two of them
“peas in a pod” like that, perhaps? Garfiel had assumed that she was probably much like
Ram, and that Captain simply had that sort of good taste. Ram had refused to form any sort of
theories about her little sister’s personality entirely, firmly resolving to allow Rem to shine
without any of her older sister’s preexisting expectations the moment she opened her eyes
again.

 



And Emilia…

 

[“Even I don’t know the situation in detail,” Ram was saying. “It’s something that
happened while Lady Emilia and I were separated.”]

 

[“Separated…?” Rem was frowning slightly. “I thought you were with Lady Emilia to
escort her…”]

 

[“It was to encourage Lady Emilia to be independent and have a strong sense of
responsibility,” Ram answered, not a hint of hesitance in her voice.]

 

What might Rem really be like? Emilia had always wondered this. She had admittedly
assumed that she was much like Ram, but — different, somehow, in the same way that
Subaru’s relationship with Ram was clearly different from that which he had once had with
Rem.

 

At the moment, it was difficult to gleam what, exactly, this key difference between them
might be.

 

Near the back of the room, Rem stared upwards at what was, apparently, her old self. Was
that what she had looked like, back then? Was that how she had held herself? Was that how
she had styled her hair? Was this…

 

Who had she been, back then?

 

Anastasia was focused on something else. Emilia—

 

Had her own servants really been that concerned about her capabilities as a leader, for them
to set up “lessons” of that sort?

 

[“As expected of Nee-sama,” Rem replied. “I’m very impressed.”]



 

Ram blinked. She had heard from Subaru that her little sister had looked up to her dearly, but
hearing it and seeing it were two very different things.

 

“So she called me Nee-sama first…” she murmured aloud, focusing on that instead. Ram had
assumed, but — having it confirmed like this was also a very different thing.

 

[Emilia was laughing. “You two really do get along reeally well,” she smiled. “But don’t
make me laugh too much. I want to let this boy get some rest.”]

 

[“This boy must be someone you met while separated from Nee-sama,” Rem
concluded.]

 

[“Nope, he’s not,” Emilia said. “Subaru is my…my, my what?”]

 

“I reeally was confused back then,” Emilia sighed.

 

“I’ll bet,” Crusch commented. “I would have been extremely suspicious, if I was faced with
similar circumstances.”

 

“Subaru is a good boy, though,” Emilia refuted. “Puck and I both knew that from the start.
Even if — Even if he was a little strange, perhaps.”

 

[“…Rem,” Ram said. “This person saved Lady Emilia’s life. Lord Roswaal
acknowledged that fact, too. No matter how stupid he looks—”]

 

“From the very start,” Garfiel snickered.

 

“From the very start, in fact,” Beatrice sighed.



 

Ram shrugged, refusing to let herself blush.

 

[“—he’s our guest. You do understand what that means, right?”]

 

[Rem did not look convinced. “But, Nee-sama—” she tried.]

 

[“Rem.”]

 

[And with a look, the matter was settled.]

 

“So this Rem was suspicious of Subaru from the very start, too…?” Emilia observed.

 

Rem pressed her lips together. At least her past self had apparently had good sense.

 

…Had that changed? If it had — why?

 

Rem supposed that she was going to find out.

 

[“I actually want to stay by his side until he wakes up,” Emilia admitted. “But
apparently he won’t wake up until morning.”]

 

Nearby, Ferris choked.

 

Having never consciously seen this scene before, present-day Subaru also choked, his eyes
widening. “E-Emilia-tan…!”

 



Emilia did not look embarrassed about this in the slightest. “I was reeally worried about you,
you know!” she scolded. “Even from the start, you’re always scaring me…!”

 

Beatrice sighed. She had indeed thought that Subaru would not have been better until
morning, back then. She had been very much mistaken: her mana’s compatibility with the
boy had instead led to him pestering her in the middle of the night. All she could do now was
cluck her tongue at her old self’s naïveté.

 

[“Well, let’s leave the room for now,” Emilia was sighing.]

 

[She turned to Subaru, who was still asleep in the guest bed, and — ran her fingers
through his bangs.]

 

Subaru made a croaking sound, his face developing a new and interesting shade of pink at the
sight. This time, Emilia’s cheeks reddened with embarrassment right alongside his.

 

Ram sighed. “From the very start, indeed…”

 

[“I have so many things I want to talk about with Subaru when he wakes up,” Emilia
murmured. Then she stood up. “But first, I’ll need to report the trouble that I ran into
in the capital to Roswaal.” She sighed. “He’s gonna get mad at me. How do I explain
this…?”]

 

[And then she exited the room.]

 

Anastasia blinked. For a Royal Candidate, Emilia’s concerns about Roswaal had sounded a
bit like an employee’s worries about upsetting their boss.

 

—Her concerns were likely unfounded. Lady Emilia was still a Royal Candidate, after all.

 



[Rem watched her go for a moment before stepping forward, silently closing the door
and taking Emilia’s place by Subaru’s bedside.]

 

Subaru blinked. “Eh?” he questioned.

 

Ferris grinned. “Perhaps nyer beloved Rem wanted to do lewd things with nya right from the
start~” he teased. “Maybe she’s beside herself with lust, just WAITING to pounce and make a
mess out of nya! She’ll climb on top of nyew, stick her finger in nyer mouth, curl up right
under the covers beside nyer sleeping—”

 

“Ferris!” Crusch snapped.

 

Subaru squawked, his face growing scarlet. Ricardo started laughing, more at the sound that
the boy had just made than anything else.

 

Ram looked far less amused. “My cute little sister would never do something so
unbecoming!” she snapped. “Keep such fantasies to yourself, you useless furball.”

 

Thankful to her older sister for speaking up in her stead, Rem silently curled her lip in
agreement.

 

Ferris giggled, not looking apologetic in the slightest. “Sorry, sorry,” he grinned. “Forgive
cute little Ferri-chan, would nya…?”

 

Wilhelm sighed.

 

[Rem stood over him for a long moment, unblinking. Then, slowly, her hands reached
up, and…]

 

Ferris stiffened slightly, his mischievous smile faltering.



 

Frederica frowned.

 

“Is she…?” Otto blinked. No, he dismissed inwardly. No, that can’t be right.

 

But it sure looked…

 

Garfiel didn’t look nervous in the slightest. “She won’t hurt Captain,” he scoffed. “Captain
loves Rem, we know that much.”

 

It looked like Rem was reaching for his neck. But— that couldn’t have been right.

 

[“Ehehe…” Subaru giggled in his sleep. A bit of drool was dribbling from his lip.
“You’re cute even when you’re mad… Parallel worlds, fantasies…”]

 

Ferris burst out laughing, all the tension leaving him at once. “Even in his sleep—!” he
cackled.

 

“Even in his sleep, in fact,” Beatrice giggled.

 

Subaru buried his face in his knees.

 

[Rem frowned, and then — flicked the sleeping Subaru on the forehead. Subaru yelped,
but didn’t wake up.]

 

Garfiel gestured at the meteor. “See?” he snickered.

 

Ram crossed her arms. “My cute little sister has good instincts,” she declared.



 

Anastasia — relaxed. She thought herself to have good perceptive skills, but…at least this
time, she must have been mistaken.

 

[“I don’t think I’ll ever get along with this guest…” Rem muttered, moving back to the
door. “Please leave as soon as possible.”]

 

[And then she was gone.]

 

“Well, we know that Rem’s instincts were wrong about THAT, in fact,” Beatrice pointed out.
The one thing they all knew for certain about Rem was that she and Subaru had ended up
being very, very close.

 

Ram huffed, but even she knew that she couldn’t really argue the point.

 

“So, that’s it, right?” Julius sighed, looking utterly exhausted. “Subaru went off with Lady
Emilia, and since everyone remembers everything…”

 

“Yep!” Mimi agreed cheerfully. “Now we can all go home!”

 

“Thank goodness,” Hetaro sighed. “That was— All of that is more than enough to think
about…”

 

Tivey made a noise of agreement. Maybe he could convince Lady Anastasia to let the three
of them take the rest of the day off? He— He really wanted to take a break, after witnessing
something like that.

 

Crusch sighed. “We’re going to need to have a proper discussion with the Emilia Camp,
when we get back,” she murmured. Subaru seemed like a good, honest man — but even so,
with an ability like this…!

 



“I doubt that we’ll have any trouble with them, Lady Crusch,” Wilhelm assured her. “Both
Subaru-dono and Lady Emilia are thoroughly good people.”

 

Wilhelm didn’t say that about just anyone, and that reality was what made his assurance so
comforting. Crusch smiled back at him weakly.

 

”I’m exhausted,” Frederica sighed. ”We’ll have to reconvened I know, but right now…”

 

Perhaps a short nap wouldn’t be a bad idea.

 

“So that’s how ya met Lady Emilia, eh, Captain?” Garfiel grinned. “Ya liked her right from
the start, didn’t you?”

 

“Of course I did,” Subaru scoffed, though his face was still very pink. “Only a fool wouldn’t
recognize the loveliness of Emilia-tan, after all!”

 

“That part of you will always stay the same, I suppose,” Beatrice sighed. “Honestly…”

 

But it wasn’t like she minded that side of him, not really.

 

Otto pursed his lips and said nothing. With this new information about his dear friend…

 

We will need to take precautions, he sighed inwardly. Both internally, and regarding those
other camps…

 

But there was no need to discuss that now. And really, that discussion was the least of Otto’s
worries. While he was not foolish enough to think that he could handle ALL of this behind
their backs, he did want to do as much as he could to make sure Subaru and Emilia didn’t
have to think about any of this themselves. He would have to get to work quickly, once they
returned…



 

“We’re gonna need ta keep an eye on that camp, then, eh?” Ricardo muttered.

 

“It sure seems that way,” Anastasia replied softly. “With an ability like that…”

 

Anastasia would like to believe that the integrity of the Royal Selection was still intact, but
she would be a fool to shut her eyes and pretend that it was a settled matter.

 

“We will discuss the matter with Lady Emilia in Priestella,” she decided. “Any measures we
decide upon can wait until then.”

 

Ricardo nodded grimly.

 

“I suppose we will have a lot to discuss, dear sister,” Ram said. She tried to keep her voice
level, even thought excitement had begun to bubble up in her stomach. Because if this was
over, then—!

 

There was a lot to discuss with Subaru, and Lady Emilia, and everyone else. But they were
all currently traveling to Priestella, and Ram was back at the manor. Which meant that Ram
would have a good bit of time to herself before she would need to have that conversation.

 

But, also at the manor would be—!

 

“It will be nice,” she said mildly. “To finally be able to meet my cute little sister.”

 

Rem frowned at Ram, looking somewhat nervous. Of all the people here, she instinctively
trusted her twin sister the most: there was a sense in her soul that allowed her to understand
that Ram was a kindred spirit. But this world that she had just opened her eyes too sure
looked dangerous, and…!

 



Her eyes flitted to the time-traveling boy with the foul stench that made the hairs on the back
of her neck stand on end. As much as she was looking forward to getting to know Ram, there
was also THAT to…

 

“Rachins,” Reinhard murmured. The man was still curled in the fetal position. “Rachins,
you…”

 

“I know,” Rachins said miserably. He would need to answer for this, once they returned. He
would need to answer, for…

 

How was he supposed to respond to that?! To knowing that he had— He hadn’t wanted to kill
Subaru! He hadn’t wanted to kill him like that, really! And yet he had, and it had really, really
fucking hurt, because bleeding out in an alley because some jackass shoved a knife in your
back was—!

 

And yet his victim was still here, still alive, and—!

 

Rachins buried his head in his knees. He didn’t want to think about it. He didn’t want to think
about ANY of this. All he wanted to do was crawl away and hide somewhere. Rachins was a
coward and he knew it.

 

“Lady Emilia will be merciful,” Felt said. There was an unusual look on her face. “She will
understand that this is…an unusual situation. You will be punished, but…” She shook her
head. “And I’ll protect you, if you need it,” she declared. “You’re still a member of my
Camp, Rachins.”

 

Rachins didn’t find that as reassuring as he should have, perhaps. To be honest, the coming
retribution from the Emilia Camp was the last thing on his mind right now.

 

—Rom was not convinced that this was over.

 



That boy had died three times within his first day in this new world. That was — a tragedy, of
course, but would it really make sense for that to be the last of his struggles? Would Subaru
really have been able to defend himself that much better after this, to the point where he
could have accomplished those legendary feats that Rom had heard so much about
without…?

 

He is with Lady Emilia, now, Rom told himself. He isn’t all alone anymore: he’s with one of
the most powerful political camps in the country. So…

 

Rom wanted to believe that Emilia would succeed in protecting him now, to think that Subaru
was capable of keeping himself safe from this point forward, but everything he had seen so
far pointed to that — not being the case.

 

And, as if confirming his suspicions…

 

[“…I don’t know that ceiling,” Subaru’s voice echoed.]

 

[The meteor appeared to blink itself awake.]

 

“It’s still going?” Felt frowned. “But didn’t…?”

 

“That’s—” Emilia tilted her head. “That IS the guest room that he was staying in…”

 

[ Wow, I feel like I slept really well! Subaru marveled. “…The pillow feels different,
huh?” he mumbled aloud, turning over to bury his face in the fabric. “Smells better,
too… Definitely higher class than usual.”]

 

“I guess that spirit isn’t done with us yet,” Otto sighed. “Geez…”

 

He had thought that they were in the clear. Just how much would that thing need to reveal
about their camp before it was satisfied?



 

—Anastasia looked at the screen sharply. If they weren’t done yet, then…

 

[“Abdominal wound…totally gone,” Subaru was saying, gingerly touching his healed
belly. “No bruises, of course there’s no scar, either… This world’s medical tech is pretty
awesome to not leave sewing marks.”]

 

“Sewing marks?” Ferris frowned.

 

“Yeah, you know. Stitches.” Subaru shrugged. “Kinda like sewing skin together?”

 

—Ferris normally just used healing magic. He had heard of stitches before, and in some cases
had needed to implement something similar, but…

 

It was more than a little barbaric, he thought with revulsion, to sew people up like dolls.

 

[“But how much time has passed?” Subaru wondered aloud. “…No way to tell, huh?”]

 

Frederica blinked. “Subaru-sama, there’s—”

 

“There is a clock directly above the door,” Ferris said flatly. “Nyew are looking directly at
it.”

 

“I didn’t know it was a clock, geez!”

 

He didn’t even know—?!

 



So many small things that made that boy unbelievably vulnerable, in this strange place so far
away from home. Crusch was just grateful that he had found people with hearts big enough to
welcome him on his first day.

 

[“Any way you slice it…”]

 

“Would you STOP THAT?!” Otto cried.

 

[“…This time I managed to avoid Return by Death, huh?” Subaru leaned back,
thinking aloud. “First time, it was a pathetic death; second time, it was a bold death;
third time, I died like a dog—”]

 

Wilhelm flinched violently, but managed to refrain from yelling at Subaru over this callous
attitude again.

 

[“Man, if I died then, I’d be on a one-way ticket to mob-ville!” Subaru laughed.]

 

They were — going to have to get used to that sort of language, weren’t they?

 

Beatrice hated it. She hated it so much. She hoped that Subaru had — at least toned those
jokes down a bit, over the course of the past year.

 

Ram took a deep breath, having come to a similar conclusion herself. “Alright,” she
muttered.

 

Emilia tried her best to not look absolutely devastated. For Subaru’s sake, who was currently
watching the room uneasily, waiting for anyone to angrily jump out at him again for his foul
sense of humor.

 

But, having all come to the same conclusion somehow or another, none of them did.



 

“…Really, Natsuki-san,” Otto muttered, and that was that.

 

[But seriously though, I don’t want to see a blade again anytime soon…]

 

“I can’t blame him,” Ricardo commented under his breath. He hadn’t even been on the
opposite end of the blade, and yet he himself was considering perhaps needing to take a leave
of absence from his mercenary work.

 

Just — for a little while.

 

[“Considering the situation, it was that girl’s…Emilia’s healing magic, huh?”]

 

Beatrice sputtered loudly. “EMILIA’s healing magic?!” she demanded.

 

“I didn’t know, Beako!” Subaru apologized profusely. “I’m sorry, I didn’t know!”

 

Emilia was the only one that Subaru had seen actually use healing magic, at this point. Otto
thought that it was a reasonable conclusion to draw.

 

[This place is probably a guest room of a mansion owned by Emilia, then, right? Subaru
reasoned. “Then again, it could also be connected to Reinhard’s family…”]

 

“Reinhard actually did offer to take you in as a guest,” Emilia said, smiling. “I think he
wanted to spend more time with you…”

 

Subaru blinked. “Wait — really?”

 



Reinhard coughed into his fist. “I did,” he admitted. “But — I think that it was the correct
decision, for Lady Emilia to be the one to take you in.”

 

“Can’t argue with that!” Subaru agreed cheerfully. “Emilia-tan is the greatest…!”

 

[“Normally, there’d be a pretty girl at your bedside when you wake up, saying ‘Are you
awake?’ in a cute voice, right?” Subaru suddenly complained. “And there weren’t any
pretty girls when I was summoned, either. For a summons, this one sure has some
glaring inadequacies—”]

 

The room busted out laughing once again.

 

“Nyaww, does Subaru-kyun need a pretty girl to watch him sleep at nyight?” Ferris teased.
“Does he nyeed her to hold his hand as he rests, as a promise that everything will be alright in
the mornying?”

 

“Would you leave me alone already?!” Subaru cried.

 

”Well that almost did happen, I suppose,” Beatrice commented quietly. Emilia blushed and
averted her gaze.

 

[“Besides, nothing’s happening so far…” Subaru swung his legs over the side of the bed.
“So it’s up to me to do recon and make myself comfortable!”]

 

“You woke up in a strange place alone,” Julius said flatly, watching Subaru step out of the
room into the hallway. “And your first thought was to go looking for trouble, wasn’t it?”

 

Frederica sighed. That was just like him, really.

 

[I kind of want to call out if anyone’s here, it’s so quiet! Subaru thought to himself. But
there’s also the chance that crazy bowel hunter lady abducted me, so I should probably



keep my voice down…]

 

“I-Isn’t that a little mean?” Subaru protested.

 

“You knew that there was a possibility that you were still in danger,” Julius shot back. “And
you decided to go and wander around?!”

 

[“Kenichi once said, ‘life must be lived,’” Subaru declared, as if answering Julius’
demand. “That’s what I think, too!”]

 

“Who’s Kenichi?” Anastasia asked. A fairytale from his homeland, perhaps…?

 

“M-My dad,” Subaru answered uncomfortably.

 

Wilhelm raised an eyebrow. Natsuki Kenichi…

 

He wondered what kind of man that person was, to have raised a boy like Natsuki Subaru.

 

[“I’ve walked this much, but I haven’t hit a bend,” Subaru suddenly said. “Is that even
possible…? And that painting…”]

 

Julius paused. “…Huh,” he said.

 

[“If the corridor is looping,” Subaru wondered worriedly. “Maybe it’s for something to
do with Return By Death.”]

 

Julius stiffened.

 



“It’s not, it’s not!” Emilia said hastily as everyone not in their camp did much the same. “It
was Beatrice playing a prank, that’s all!”

 

Anastasia blinked. “Playing a prank…?” she echoed. “With a looping hallway? That is some
advanced magic for a prank…”

 

“Try not to reveal too much, Lady Emilia?!” Otto cried out. “Especially not to HER!”

 

[“A looping corridor with any number of rooms…” Subaru mused, opening one of the
connected doors to peer inside. “So if I don’t find the right one, I can’t get out?” He
chewed his lip. “So if this goes according to cliché, it could take me HOURS to find the
right one. I’ll go hungry; my mind’s give out, then my body will, too…”]

 

Julius hissed softly at that image, as did several other people. What a demented thing to…!

 

But it wasn’t like Subaru hadn’t been trained to expect the worst of this world, what with a
first day like THAT.

 

“I wouldn’t go THAT far, in fact!” Beatrice objected hotly. “I’m not—!”

 

“I know, Beako, I know!” Subaru said hastily. “It’s just — at the time, I didn’t! I was a
foolish human who had no idea what a sweet girl Beako was!”

 

Beatrice pouted at him, crossing her arms. “Hmph!”

 

[“If that’s the case…” Subaru sighed, and then headed back the way he came. “I’ll just
sleep in my room until someone comes. Maybe that first room was the goal, anyway.”]

 

Julius sighed in relief, his shoulders sagging. “Good, good,” he praised, watching the meteor.
“Just go and rest in your room until— huh?”



 

[“…How do you look like such a DEEPLY, irritating person, I suppose?”]

 

[“First NPC found!” Subaru declared, pointing at the little blonde girl sitting in front of
him with a victorious look on his face.]

 

“—I remember this, in fact,” Beatrice suddenly said.

 

Julius suddenly looked like he felt much, much better. He wasn’t the only one: the entire
room had experienced what felt like a universal sigh of relief.

 

[“Man,” Subaru was sighing, his eyes wandering over the many, many books. “Here in
a place full of books, and I can’t read a single one… What a bummer.”]

 

[“Looking all over someone else’s bookshelves, and sighing on top of that…” Beatrice
stared at him with a flat expression on her face. “Are you TRYING to offend, I
suppose?” she asked. “Perhaps I should respond in kind.”]

 

Julius froze. “…Subaru,” he managed. “Did. Did you antagonize a Great Spirit the first time
you woke up in the Mathers’ Estate?”

 

Subaru shifted uneasily. “I didn’t know that she was anything but a little girl at the time…?”
he offered in a meek voice.

 

Julius felt a migraine coming on.

 

[“Your pretty face’s go all to waste if you’re that prickly,” Subaru teased. “C’mon,
smile, smile!”]

 

“That is not how you talk to a Great Spirit…!” he hissed out.



 

Frederica looked at the meteor sadly. It was — odd, seeing Beatrice back to acting like…

 

[“I am simply pretty by nature,” Beatrice replied. “I suppose my contemptuous sneer
should be enough for the likes of you.”]

 

“That Great Spirit DID become his contracted partner, Jules,” Anastasia reminded him.
“Clearly he did something right.”

 

“She won’t hurt him,” Mimi said confidently. “Beatrice sits in his lap during meetings. She’d
never hurt him.”

 

Julius blinked, momentarily distracted. “She — what?”

 

[“You know big words like ‘contemptuous sneer,’ huh…” Subaru wondered. “And
you’re in a bad mood because I got it right in one go?” He grinned. “My bad! I’ve been
doing puzzles like this since WAY back…”]

 

“You were?” Anastasia leaned forward eagerly. “So they had magic like this in your world?”
she asked. “And it was common enough for games?”

 

“N-Not exactly,” Subaru said shyly. “We just — kind of pretended? We had special games
that — simulated this, without actually…”

 

Anastasia needed to know more. She’d have to press him further once all of this was over.

 

[“All my hard work constructing the domain, all for naught, just like that,” Beatrice
sulked. “It is quite horrid, I suppose.”]

 



“It was a little annoying, in fact,” Beatrice sighed. “Betty had created all sorts of different
rooms for you. One that confused your sense of gravity, one that confused your
consciousness and awareness of reality, a couple that were upside-down…”

 

“Aw, I’m sorry, Beako!” Subaru apologized, his shyness dissipating for a moment. “That
sounds like it would have been fun! I should have just gone along with it, huh…?”

 

Julius wasn’t sure just how much of that sounded “fun.” But — it was Subaru’s contracted
spirit, so it wasn’t like Subaru expected a trick like that to end badly for him, if Beatrice was
the one conducting it. So he supposed that it made sense.

 

[“I suppose game masters would want me to trigger all their events instead of skipping
to the end,” Subaru laughed. “My bad, my bad… Well, let’s make that water under the
bridge! Could you tell me where this is?”]

 

“Quite bold,” Wilhelm commented. “Wandering into a Great Spirit’s domain and demanding
a tour like that…”

 

If this weren’t Subaru’s contracted spirit, Wilhelm might be just as stressed about this
scenario as Julius appeared to be.

 

[“Hmph.” Beatrice leered at him: “It is Betty’s multipurpose room, which serves as a
library and a bedroom, I suppose.”]

 

[“Talk about a token response,” Subaru replied, frowning. “Are you one of those
manual girls that everyone’s into, nowadays?”]

 

That fantasy-character-speak again, Anastasia presumed. She…She hoped that wasn’t
indicative of any deeper issues her camp would need to deal with in the near future, when it
came to this time-traveling castaway from another world.

 



[“Also — shouldn’t that make me feel kind of sad for you?” he was continuing. “I mean,
you don’t have your own bedroom to sleep in? That’s horrible. Or about you using a
library as your private chambers…maybe I should laugh?”]

 

[“Are those remarks intended to tease me, in fact?!”]

 

“If it was any spirit but his own contracted partner, I would absolutely be expecting
retribution for all that sass,” Crusch said flatly.

 

Beatrice winced, remembering what came after this. “…Well—”

 

[“I am finally reaching the limits of my patience,” Beatrice growled, standing up. “You
should be put in your place a little, I suppose…”]

 

[“C’mon, c’mon!” Subaru laughed, completely indifferent to Beatrice’s growing
impatience — though he did back away slightly once she got a little too close for
comfort. “Hey, what are you gonna do?”]

 

[“Don’t you dare move,” Beatrice ordered, an ominous look on her face.]

 

[Finally, Subaru looked like he understood the likely danger of his predicament.]

 

“Little late for that, ain’t it, Big Bro?” Felt sighed. “You really do like picking fights before
you’re actually ready to follow through on ‘em, don’t you?”

 

“I don’t— I didn’t—!” Subaru had nothing he could say to that, and so after a long moment
he closed his mouth.

 

[“Is there something you wish to say, I suppose?” Beatrice asked.]

 



[“D-Don’t hurt me?” Subaru tried meekly.]

 

[“Should I applaud your devotion to your flippant tongue, I suppose?”]

 

“She wouldn’t,” Julius reminded himself under his breath, even as he wanted to gnaw on his
fingernails. “She wouldn’t— That’s his contracted spirit, so—”

 

[Beatrice placed her hand on Subaru’s chest. Subaru stared back at her, confused.]

 

Julius recognized that movement and paled. “No—!”

 

[Suddenly, Subaru’s body convulsed in on itself, and he crumpled to the ground with a
scream.]



Frederica shrieked.

 

“Subaru!” Julius cried out, lurching forward.

 

[It burns! It burns! Did she just set my body on fire?! Ow, ow, ow—!]

 

“Subaru!” Beatrice shouted, looking panicked as she stared at the meteor. “Subaru—!”

 

“What are you getting upset for?” Ram scoffed. “You’re the one who decided Barusu needed
to be punished.” She smirked teasingly. “And I think you were right, in any case…”

 

[“It seems you did not faint, I suppose.” Beatrice’s voice floated idly down. “Perhaps
you are as sturdy as I had heard?”]

 



[“Wh…What did you do…” Subaru gasped out, shivering on the ground. “…you drill
loli…?”]

 

Nobody had any idea what that term meant, but they could all guess that it wasn’t supposed
to be flattering.

 

“Don’t insult someone who just attacked you like that…!” Julius hissed out, clenching his
teeth.

 

[“I only collected the mana from your body, I suppose,” Beatrice responded. “Does the
circulation feel slightly off, I suppose…?”]

 

His damaged gate, Ferris remembered. So, it was damaged even back then…?

 

[“Well, it was good to confirm if you had hostile intent or not, in fact.” Beatrice had
crouched down by Subaru’s side. “And, for your rudeness towards my hard work, your
mana should be confiscated before letting you go, I suppose.”]

 

Beatrice looked like she wanted to melt into the floor. “Betty is sorry, in fact,” she told
Subaru meekly. “Betty is…”

 

“You couldn’t have known!” Subaru said immediately. “You did the right thing, Beako, the
right thing! What might have happened if I actually was a threat, right? You did the right
thing!”

 

[“Y-You’re not human, are you…?” Subaru croaked out, a slight sneer on his face.
“And I don’t mean your personality…”]

 

[“You are quite slow to notice that for someone who has met Bubby already, I suppose,”
Beatrice replied, a sadistic smile on her face.]

 



[She looks like the kind of little girl who would rip the wings off of an insect for her
amusement…]

 

“I’d never do anything like that!” Beatrice objected, looking both shocked and hurt. “Subaru,
I—!”

 

But then she stopped. With a first impression like that — how could Subaru have thought
anything else?

 

[“I take it back…” Subaru retorted. “Your personality…is not human either…”]

 

“I didn’t mean it, Beako!” Subaru instead, staring with horror at Beatrice’s hurt expression. “I
— I didn’t—”

 

“Betty is very, very sorry, in fact,” Beatrice responded. “You — had every reason to think in
such a manner about her, in fact.”

 

“N-No!” Subaru shook his head frantically. “Beatrice, I—!”

 

[The Beatrice onscreen was not offended in the least. “Do not measure a proud, noble
being by your standards, human,” she declared. “…If you died here, your husk would
be troublesome to remove, I suppose. I shall speak to the others.”]

 

[Don’t say husk, Subaru thought angrily. It makes me sound like an insect, you little
brat…]

 

[And with that, Subaru faded back into unconsciousness.]

 

“Comparing himself to an insect after commenting that the girl looks like she tortures insects
for fun,” Crusch noted. “That is…quite the declaration.”



 

“It was a reasonable one to make, in fact,” Beatrice admitted.

 

“Beako, it’s fine, it’s fine— I’m sorry!” Subaru waved at her rapidly, eyes wide. “It was out
of line for me to think something so awful about my sweet Beako, especially after she went
to such efforts to—!”

 

“It really wasn’t, though,” Mimi frowned, watching Subaru frantically attempt to apologize to
his contracted spirit.

 

Tivey frowned. “Onee-chan?”

 

“He didn’t know why she did that, or — even what she did,” Mimi said. “All he knew was
that it hurt, and really badly, and that she seemed to enjoy it. So, that conclusion really wasn’t
out of line.”

 

Julius frowned. Mimi — had a point, really.

 

“Their relationship improved eventually,” Anastasia sighed, shaking her head. “That’s all that
really matters, here…”

 

[“…I know that ceiling,” Subaru’s voice murmured, and the meteor blinked to life once
again.]




Felt giggled. “Kinda funny that you ended up right back in bed just five, ten minutes after
getting up, eh, Big Bro?” she teased. “Geez…”

 

Subaru pouted.

 

[“My, it seems he has awakened, Nee-sama.”]



 

Ram sucked in a sharp breath. “That’s—!”

 

[“Yes, Rem,” Ram’s voice responded. “He is awake.”]

 

So they weren’t done with her. Not yet.

 

That was nice, because Ram—

 

Ram wanted to know what her cute little sister had been like. She knew that the current,
memory-less Rem should be allowed to grow on her own, but — she also knew that Rem had
been someone very dear to her. So…it was alright for her to wish to understand what that
version of Rem had been like, right?

 

—Ram decided that she wasn’t going to apologize for that desire. She could accept this new
Rem and understand the old Rem both. There was no need for her to choose one or the other.

 

[“Ugh,” Subaru groaned, rolling over in bed. “I’m not so much nocturnal as I am a
denizen of the night. Waking up in the morning makes my chest burn…”]

 

[“Dear Guest, it is now Seven Solartime.”]

 

[“Dear Guest, it is about Seven Solartime.”]

 

Garfiel inwardly patted himself on the back for his earlier prediction. Even if they weren’t the
same, exactly it seemed that he was right about Captain having similar — similarly GOOD
— tastes to his own amazing self.

 

We really were close… Ram leaned forward, pressing her chin into her hand. A sense of
melancholic loss spread through her chest. Just how much had been stolen from her, back



then? Was there any way she’d ever really know?

 

[Seven Solartime…would that be around 7:00AM? Subaru wondered. “If that’s the
case,” he murmured. “If you don’t count the wake-up earlier, I’ve slept the whole day?
—Well, my record is two and a half days, so this is nothing, really…”]

 

Ferris — frowned. “…Nyew slept for two and a half days straight?” he repeated, for once not
teasing in the slightest. “Were nya sick or something?”

 

“Shut up,” Subaru muttered, flushing pink.

 

[“Nee-sama, Nee-sama, did you hear?” Rem’s voice said. “Quite a lazy thing to say.”]

 

[“Rem, Rem, I heard,” Ram agreed. “Quite a good-for-nothing thing to say.”]

 

“It’s certainly a good way to demonstrate that you’re not a threat,” Crusch sighed. “With a
comment like that…”

 

Anastasia conceded the point, though she was certain that such a benefit had been entirely
unintentional on Subaru’s part.

 

[“Alright!” Subaru snapped, finally getting fed up as he sat up and threw off his covers.
“Who are those twin voices criticizing me in stereo?!”]

 

Sure enough, standing right next to Ram, in that same uniform characteristic of the Mathers’
Estate, was — Rem.

 

Rem still had so many questions. In fact — she had more than ever, seeing her old self in this
new light. This new image of her old self was just so DIFFERENT. Was that softer voice her
true voice, back then? Was THIS how she had held herself, in most contexts? Was that



innocent look on her face her natural expression, in those days? Was that — how she had
held her sister’s hand?

 

And she hadn’t really thought about it before, but…was that really what she had worn?

 

[“No way…” Subaru’s eyes had gone wide with wonder. “There are maid outfits in this
world, too?!”]

 

“THAT’s your first impression?” Felt asked flatly.

 

“Oh no,” Anastasia sighed, bracing herself.

 

[Black apron dresses, white lace headbands — that combination of exposed shoulders and
short skirts is rather scandalous, isn’t it? Subaru observed. That level of skin exposure is
probably the result of the designer’s personal tastes…]

 

[“I thought that maid outfits were supposed to be more modest,” he mused aloud. “But
I think I’m a fan!”]

 

Ricardo coughed hastily into his fist, but eventually his mirth won out and he devolved into
loud laughter. “What a first impression!” he crowed. “…Julius. Julius— He’s fine. This is his
big sister and the girl he’s been calling the second love of his life for the past year, they’re not
gonna do anything to him. He’s FINE.”

 

Next to him, Julius looked about ready to rip Subaru’s head off. “I know that,” he gritted out.
“I know that, but…!”

 

[“Nee-sama, Nee-sama, this is terrible,” Rem whispered theatrically. “Right now, in
Dear Guest’s head, you are the subject of obscene, degrading thoughts.”]

 



[“Rem, Rem, this is dreadful,” Ram responded in the same hushed tone. “Right now,
Dear Guest’s head has become filled with completely disgusting thoughts about you.”]

 

[“Don’t take my mental capacity for granted, ladies!” Subaru declared, raising his
hands to wiggle his fingers suggestively. “You’re BOTH going to star in my fantasies~”]



Frederica squawked.

 

Crusch coughed loudly. “Subaru,” she said faintly, looking rather astounded. “Of all the
things you could have said—!”

 

“Subaru-kyun,” Ferris said in disbelief. “Do nyew WANT a reputation like…?”

 

“Natsuki-san,” Otto groaned, burying his face in his hands. “Why are you like this…?”

 

“I—” Subaru looked so embarrassed that he was bordering on the verge of tears. “I—”

 

“Now, now,” Wilhelm interrupted, stepping in to show mercy and defend Subaru’s red and
teary face from the criticism of his peers. “This was a while ago, was it not? I’m sure that
Subaru-dono has grown since then. Besides.” His eyes glimmered. “I’m sure that all young
men have experience in making buffoons of themselves by saying untoward things in front of
beautiful women…”

 

Subaru buried his face in his knees.

 

[“Please forgive me, Dear Guest,” Rem pleaded, holding both of Ram’s hands meekly as
she made a show of cowering away. “Let me go, and defile Nee-sama instead.”]

 

[“Please stop this, Dear Guest,” Ram echoed in the same tone and posture. “Let me go,
and humiliate Rem instead.”]

 



[“Where’s the sisterly love here?!” Subaru retorted, staring at them both in shock as he
dropped the teasy facade. “I mean, selling each other out and making me some
archvillain…?”]

 

Felt snorted. “At least neither of them took it seriously,” she said.

 

“Thank Od Laguna for that,” Julius muttered.

 

In the present, Rem said nothing. She would not brush off such behavior so easily this time.

 

“It’s certainly an honest first impression!” Garfiel cackled. “I mean really, Captain, the very
first thing— No wonder Ram’s so hard on ya all the time! If this was her first impression of
ya, then—”

 

“I don’t remember this.”

 

Garfiel froze. Everyone else did much the same.

 

“…What?” Otto managed.

 

Ram was staring at the screen, a carefully blank expression on her face. “I don’t remember
this,” she repeated. “I thought at first that perhaps it was simply Rem’s absence, but now I’m
sure.” She clenched her fists to stop her hands from shaking. “This — isn’t what happened.”

 

Emilia’s eyes widened in horror.

 

And just like that, all of the mirth drained out of the room at once.

Chapter End Notes



EDIT: Side Stories now included: [Behind the Scenes of Life in Another World From
Zero], [Librarian Beatrice’s Log Restart] and [Rem and Subaru Meet].

(Well, that first one is more REFERENCED than anything else — but I wanted to give
y’all the title, in case you wanted to go and check out the full thing for yourselves :P)

And with that, we have finished up Arc 1! I know this isn’t the arc that people really
care about when it comes to react fics, but I didn’t want to use that as an excuse to
phone it in. I’d feel really cheap if I just sped past it like that. And you know, I am
actually pretty proud of how these first chapters came out…!

Anyway, next up is Arc 2. Which means — Rem. …Buckle up for that! :D

Oh, one more thing: I WILL be including (some of) the side stories in this series, but I
will only include those that can be told from Subaru’s POV. So like, I’m currently
planning on including:

DURING ARC 2

Subaru’s Stewardess Life

Ram and the Night Study Group

Rem’s Latte Art

The (Loving) World Petra Saw

BETWEEN ARCS 2 AND 3

The four side stories related to the Memory Snow OVA (obviously)

Rem’s Very Ordinary Happy Day

The Best Day of Rem’s Life

My Fair Bad Lady

A Foolish Teatime in April

A Heroic Tale From Zero (also obviously)

A Love Song for EMT

Operation Kokkuri

Rem-rin’s Day

AFTER ARC 4

Earth Spider Episode (if it gets translated)

Cursed Goddess Statuette Episode

The Great Manhunt for the Lost Battalion (if it gets translated)

I am willing to include more, perhaps, if people think they’d be a good fit — but if there
is something you want me to add, then you have to tell me BEFORE we pass it
chronologically: I don’t wanna go back and rewrite stuff after the fact lmao. A lot of
them are pretty short, so if I don’t tack them on to actual chapters I’ll bunch ‘em up
together… But we’ll see how that goes :P



Chapter 6: Eccentric Types (Arc 2, Part 1)
Chapter Summary

Subaru’s first loop in the Mathers’ Estate begins. While he’s there, he’s given the
opportunity to make several deals…

Chapter Notes

In case you missed it — I went and integrated two of the side stories into the last chapter
after all, lol: [Librarian Beatrice’s Log Restart] and [Rem and Subaru Meet].

Also: for those of you who have been commenting about Roswaal’s absence…

:)

See the end of the chapter for more notes

[Two quiet, steady knocks echoed through the room, catching the attention of everyone
in the theater. Subaru, Rem, and Ram all turned to see Emilia standing by the door,
smiling softly.]

 

[“Couldn’t you wake up with less drama?” she teased.]

 

In the theater, Emilia didn’t feel like smiling at all. She was shaking, staring up at the meteor
with a horrible, horrible sensation curling in her gut. Subaru…

 

Right under her nose?

 

Before — he had been out of her sight. But had he really, really died while he was right…?

 



[That skirt… Subaru marveled, staring at Emilia’s legs . It perfectly accentuates her pale
skin, and her slender physique… And that short length, too!]

 

[“I get it!” he crowed, pumping a fist. “Whoever chose this, I get what they were
thinking!”]

 

[“…I’m not sure what you’re referring to,” Emilia said slowly. “But I’m veeery
disappointed that I know it’s something meaningless.”]

 

Wilhelm snorted before coughing politely into his fist. “M-My apologies,” he said aloud.

 

Subaru stared back at him with a miserably red face. “…Shush…” he muttered.

 

Ferris forced himself to giggle, preparing to regain his composure the best way he knew how:
teasing an easy target until they looked ready to burst. “Nyes, Subaru-kyun,” he purred.
“Doesn’t Emilia-sama look sooo cute? I’m sure nyew just wanna jump all over her, don’t
nya, nyew little puppy-dog~”

 

“Shuuuush—!”

 

…Emilia felt the corners of her lips turn up, ever so slightly. Oh, Subaru…

 

[In a place full of unknowns — including that sadistic little brat next door —]

 

Beatrice winced, but didn’t comment.

 

“Beako, I didn’t mean it!” Subaru pleaded, attention snapping away from Ferris’ mischievous
smirk. “Please don’t look so down, I really didn’t—!”

 



Frederica tilted her head. It was — very odd, to see Subaru thinking of his beloved Beako in
such a manner.

 

[— seeing the friendly face of the first friendly person I met in this world just puts me right
at ease!]

 

Emilia’s eyes softened, a smile creeping back across her face in full. “Oh, Subaru…” she
whispered.

 

That was right. Even if he did…she would be right there, wouldn’t she? And so would Ram,
and Beatrice — and even Rem, who would stay there for at least a couple months, right?
Subaru had people who would love him, and they were all right there.

 

So long as Subaru had someone there who loved him, then…

 

It was difficult to remain morose when the Subaru onscreen was being so silly — and in the
care of people who everyone knew would come to love him dearly — who he would love
dearly in turn — and thus entirely safe. At least for the moment.

 

“Puts ya right at ease, huh, champ?” Ricardo chuckled, forcing a smile back on his face. “Ah,
to be young again…”

 

“Oh, shut up!”

 

“Such is the blessing of youth,” Wilhelm agreed warmly, smiling innocently back at Subaru’s
flushing face.

 

“I remember those days,” Rom said wistfully. “To be young again indeed…”

 

“All of you are idiots!” Subaru yelled. “All of you! Shut the hell up!”



 

“It was probably those Wolgarm,” Ram murmured, ignoring their exchange entirely. That
was the most likely explanation for how he’d — gone back in time, again. It…It would
explain how he had known—

 

How— How much of what he knew came from—?!

 

Ram closed her eyes and took a deep breath. Exhaled. There was no sense in panicking. She
would figure it out soon enough — and once she did, she would never allow anything of the
sort to happen again.

 

[“To think I was worried a bit when I heard Beatrice had been rough on you when you
were low on blood…” Emilia sighed. “I reeeally shouldn’t have bothered.”]

 

[“I’m in a super good mood from waking up to your face, though!” Subaru responded
cheerfully. Then he faltered slightly.]

 

Emilia blinked. “Hm?” she asked. “Subaru?”

 

[“And I’m a little afraid to ask this, but…” Subaru looked up at her, slightly meek all of
a sudden, with big puppy dog eyes. “You ah…remember all about me, right?”]

 

Emilia nearly burst into tears on the spot.

 

“Ooof,” Otto whispered softly, wincing hard. Beside him, Garfiel had cringed violently. Ram
flinched. Beatrice swallowed, letting out a shuddering breath. Frederica’s lip wobbled, ever
so slightly.

 

Emilia took a deep breath in. Exhaled. —She wasn’t going to forget Subaru again. Not ever,
ever again.

 



“Don’t worry, Subaru,” she smiled, turning to where her knight was watching them all with
worry clear in his eyes. “I’ll remember you forever, oh-kay? Forever and ever…”

 

[“That’s an odd question,” Emilia’s onscreen counterpart answered, having not nearly
the context necessary to understand the tragedy of what she had just been asked. “I
don’t think I’d forget someone who stands out as much as you do, Subaru.”]

 

“Who could?” Garfiel joked, forcing himself to smile. “My amazing self’s never met anyone
more memorable than Captain, that’s for sure!”

 

“Should I take that as a compliment?!”

 

“It’s true either way, Natsuki-san, so you might as well.”

 

[“Please listen, Lady Emilia,” Rem said. “This person was terribly humiliating. For
Nee-sama, that is.”]

 

[“Hear this, Lady Emilia,” Ram said. “This man has trapped and violated girls. Rem,
that is.”]

 

Frederica sighed. On one hand, she knew how much of a tease Ram could be — and Rem,
too, apparently, which made sense. On the other, it wasn’t like Subaru hadn’t gone and asked
for that sort of reception.

[Subaru shrank backwards, his face growing scarlet as the two maids rushed to confide
in Emilia. Baseless accusations…!]

 

“Were they really all that baseless, Barusu?” Ram said, stone-faced. “I saw how you were
looking at my sweet Rem, you pervert.”

 

“I-I mean, what else do you expect, Nee-sama? Sneaking into a guy’s room to stare at him
from over his bed like that—”



 

Rem frowned as she watched her sister banter with — that boy. Despite her words, and
perhaps even her dry, humorless tone…Rem could tell that the relationship between Ram and
Subaru was a shockingly fond one. If only because of how Subaru was taking all of Ram’s
insults — likely rooted in truth, as far as Rem was concerned — as playful jabs. If only
because Ram was LETTING him take them as playful jabs.

 

Emilia smiled at them softly. Ram would never admit out loud how much Subaru met to her.
But that didn’t really matter, because it was already obvious to everyone else.

 

[“I…don’t know Subaru well enough to say I know he WOULDN’T do that—” Emilia
confessed.]

 

Crusch coughed. “Ouch,” she commented.

 

“I mean,” Wilhelm pointed out awkwardly, the corner of his mouth turning upwards. “She
hadn’t even properly met him yet, had she…?”

 

“Subaru isn’t that kind of person!” Emilia insisted hotly, looking wounded at her onscreen
counterpart’s admittance. “He might have been — a little much, at first — but Subaru’s
always been a good boy!”

 

[“—but I trust that he probably did not,” her onscreen counterpart finished. “Don’t
tease him TOO much, alright?”]

 

[“Yes, Lady Emilia,” Rem said. “Ram shall reflect on this.”]

 

[“Yes, Lady Emilia,” Ram said. “Rem will reflect on this.”]

 

[Neither twin looked even slightly apologetic.]





Frederica chuckled.

 

“Shamelessly passing the blame off to each other, huh…?” Otto noted, amused.

 

“You were ripping into Captain right off the bat, huh, Ram?” Garfiel chortled.

 

“Hah!” Ram folded her arms with a smirk. “I knew what type of man Barusu was just by
looking at him,” she declared. “It seems that every version of me understood him just as well,
to know that he required this sort of treatment.”

 

—Rem watched this interaction on the meteor with a blank expression on her face.

 

It wasn’t a shock that she didn’t remember this, as she didn’t remember anything else prior to
opening her eyes in this strange place. But…was that how she had acted? Was this how she
normally behaved? Could she really see herself making such a crass joke about a man she
had just met, after hanging over him by his bedside? Is that something she — the old her, the
current her — is, was that something she would do?

 

Was this the version of herself that — that boy — remembered?

 

Vacillating between distrust, confusion, and a faint sense of grief-filled nostalgia — Rem
wondered how she was supposed to feel, about the memories being shown in front of her.

 

[“Anyway, Subaru,” Emilia said. “Are you doing alright? Nothing feels wrong
anywhere?”]

 

[“Hm? Oh, yeah,” Subaru replied, perking back up. “Before I slept I felt like my whole
body was on fire and I was going to die, but I don’t feel one bit of that now. I actually
feel like I slept a bit TOO much…”]

 



“That…does not sound pleasant,” Julius said worriedly.

 

“I said I felt BETTER!” Subaru retorted.

 

[“If you’re no worse than that, good,” Emilia smiled. “Can you handle a little stroll?”]

 

[“Stroll?”]

 

“Emilia-sama wanted to spend time with you right away, didn’t she?” Crusch noted, watching
as Emilia explained that her pact with the local spirits required her to go and converse with
them in the garden once every morning. “You must have made a pretty good impression, to
be receiving this sort of treatment…”

 

Or perhaps, Anastasia thought to herself, Emilia simply wants a chance to size him up.

 

It’s what she would have done, with a figure as suspicious as this: found an opportunity to get
Subaru alone with herself — or, in a position where he believed the two of them to be alone
together — so that she could judge him more carefully.

 

[“Sounds like great rehab to me, Emilia-tan!” Subaru said cheerfully. And a great way to
sate my curiosity — and my ulterior motives…!]

 

Ferris laughed. “Nyes, nyes, Subaru-kyun!” he crowed. “Emilia-sama’s gotta keep an eye out
for nyer ulterior motives, nyew bad boy~!”

 

“Subaru is NOT a bad boy!” Emilia retorted hotly.

 

Ferris only cackled louder at her apparent offense. Subaru buried his blushing face between
his knees.

 



[“How about I stroll around the garden and exercise while you talk to the spirits?”]

 

[“Well, if you don’t talk loudly or make a big fuss, sure…” Emilia stopped. “Eh? What
did you say just now?”]

 

[Subaru appeared to ignore her — or perhaps in his excitement, he simply had not
heard her speak at all. “Okay, it’s a deal,” he exclaimed. “Let’s go to the garden!”]

 

[Emilia didn’t let it go. “Hey, what did you say?” she pressed. “What is ‘tan’? Where
did that come from?”]

 

[Subaru’s face slowly turned pink, and turned his face to the side.]

 

“Awfully familiar, for someone she would see as a stranger,” Julius muttered. But — it’s Lady
Emilia, so…I don’t really need to worry.

 

Still, though: it wasn’t a great habit for Subaru to get into. Julius hoped that he would manage
to break it.

 

—But Emilia herself had no such thoughts.

 

“Right from the start, huh…?”

 

This murmur was soft and low, coming straight from her soul as her hand drifted up to rest
above her heart.

 

Emilia was “Emilia-tan” to him even back then, was she? Even back when she couldn’t even
remember…

 



She had always been “Emilia-tan.” Always had been — and always would be, too. No matter
what changed, that…

 

It felt somewhat bitter, somehow, but also oh-so warm and sweet.

 

[“Hey, maid sisters,” Subaru called over, pointedly ignoring Emilia’s questioning.
“Where are my old clothes? Feels like I got in a hospital gown while I was out. I figure
the mansion here lent this to me, but…”]

 

“How ungrateful!” Ferris teased. “Shouldn’t nyew have thanked the pretty girls for lending
nya that robe?” His grin sharpened. “Or — for dressing nyew up all nyice and pretty while
nyew slept, perhaps—?”

 

Subaru turned bright red. “I— I never actually thought of that!” he stammered. Slowly, with a
look of utter mortification on his face, his head turned to look at Rem and Ram. “…D-Did
—?”

 

“Ha!” Ram huffed, crossing her arms. “Ram indeed saw everything that day, Barusu,” she
declared. “Your bloodied stomach, your mud-covered body, and the pitiful excuse for a man
that you are—”

 

“You were reeally dirty, Subaru,” Emilia interrupted, trying to soothe his flustered face.
“Ram and Beatrice worked together to heal you and clean you up. We didn’t want you getting
sick…”

 

Such would only be proper, for a maid given the task to care for a guest that had arrived half-
dead on their doorstep. Though, Frederica could imagine that the idea may be embarrassing
for the guest in question.

 

Rem suddenly blinked. Had she also—

 

She curled her lip at the very thought.



 

“I’m glad we didn’t have to see that part,” Crusch chuckled. “That — would have been a
little too much, I think…” Subaru should be able to maintain SOME privacy, after all.

 

[“Do you understand, Nee-sama?” Rem asked. “Perhaps he means that drab old rag?”]

 

[“I understand, Rem,” Ram answered. “He means that bloodstained mouse-colored
piece of filth.”]

 

Ram inwardly shivered as she remembered the utter state of that tracksuit back then.

 

“Subaru isn’t the only one who was overfamiliar from the start,” Crusch commented, smiling.

 

“Could nya really expect anything else, with Subaru-kyun introducing himself like THAT?”
Ferris sighed, smirking. “That boy went and asked for this treatment, he really did…”

 

Frederica smiled. Ram had been like that with her, during those first few days after she had
arrived at the Mathers Estate herself. Wasn’t that right?

 

(She wondered if Rem had been much the same. It made her sad, the knowledge that she may
never really know the answer to that.)

 

[“Some guts there, calling it filthy and looking like a dirty rat,” Subaru retorted at both
of them. “If it’s still in one piece, could you hand it over?”]

 

[Rem and Ram looked over at Emilia, who nodded back at them in permission. The two
maids then bowed and left.]

 

“Captain has good taste!” Garfiel crowed aloud, voice brimming with pride. “My amazing
self knew Rem had to be like Ram, I just KNEW it!”



 

Rem squawked, recoiling away from both Garfiel and Subaru, her eyes vacillating between
them both as she put two and two together. “Wha—?!” she demanded.

 

Had that boy—?!

 

Ram scoffed. “Barusu had pitifully lost his chance with Ram before he even opened his
eyes,” she shot back. “If Rem is truly like her splendid older sister, then…”

 

She trailed off before she could finish that sentence. She — already knew that wasn’t true,
didn’t she?

 

How could her own little sister have such bad taste in men…?

 

[“You don’t need to hear this from me, but you mustn’t strain yourself,” Emilia
stressed. “You were terribly injured…”]

 

[“You closed the wound perfectly though,” Subaru replied, tilting his head.]

 

Beatrice crossed her arms, pouting.

 

“I’m so sorry, Beako,” Subaru apologized yet again. “I was so stupid, not recognizing what a
wonderful girl you were back then…!”

 

[Subaru started. “Oh, yeah…”]

 

[He swung his legs over the side of the bed, straightening his back before bowing
politely. “Thank you for healing my wounds, Emilia-tan,” he said gratefully. “You saved
me. I really am scared of dying. I’d like to do it only once…”]



 

The entire theater flinched as one.

 

“At least that boy still has some sense,” Ferris growled, mockery temporarily draining from
his voice to leave behind that raw and aching… Anger? Grief? Hurt?

 

Ferris never really knew what he was feeling, when his chest clenched up like this.

 

[“Normally once is all you get…?” Emilia responded, confused.]

 

Emilia hissed softly to herself. There was no way she could have known, she knew that,
but…!

 

Oh, gosh, what else had she not noticed?

 

And— And why hadn’t Subaru…?

 

“There’s a reason Subaru did not tell us anything,” Otto’s voice echoed, somewhere in the
back of her mind.

 

[“But no, never mind that.” Emilia shook her head. “I should be the one thanking you,”
she said. “You risked your life for mine when you barely knew me. Getting your wounds
healed was the least I could do.”]

 

Beatrice’s head whipped around to stare at her, eyes wide. “You too, in fact…?!”

 

“I didn’t realize he didn’t know!” Emilia said hastily. “I’m sorry, Beako, I should have—!”

 



[—Emilia says “never mind,” at her saving me, Subaru thought. But she was the one who
saved me first. …Though, I guess that will remain solely my memory, won’t it…?]

 

Anastasia frowned, pondering this predicament. In Emilia’s mind, she was the one who owed
Subaru a debt — but to Subaru, he had simply been paying her back for one that HE had
owed HER. …But, he had been paying back a debt that hadn’t actually happened.

 

Or had it? Nobody else may have remembered that debt, but Subaru still…

 

[“—Well, since we saved each other,” Subaru decided. “I think that means we’re all
square here!”]

 

[Emilia blinked. “Square…?”]

 

[“It means that neither of us owes the other a thing,” Subaru declared, smiling and
giving a thumbs-up even as his face was turning red. “So let’s get along, brotha!”]

 

Frederica smiled weakly. Anastasia snorted softly to herself. That was one way to settle this
predicament, yes. Most likely the simplest one, too.

 

“‘Let’s get along, brotha’…?” Ricardo echoed. “That’s definitely a choice about how to
address the girl you like, Subaru.”

 

“Shut it, fleabag!”

 

[“…Do I really need a younger brother this weird?” Emilia teased.]

 

Ricardo started laughing. “Little-brother-zoned right off the bat!” he crowed. “But ya can’t
say ya didn’t ask for that one, kid!”

 



“Shut the hell up—!”

 

[“That’s a pretty harsh comment?!” Subaru said, startled. Then the two of them both
started to laugh.]

 

Ram found herself smiling. From the very start, indeed…

 

Emilia had had so very few friends, back then. Even Ram herself had largely avoided her in
those days, really. For all she teased him — in Emilia’s life, Barusu’s introduction really had
been…

 

[Rem and Ram returned, carrying Subaru’s tracksuit. Subaru grinned as he saw them,
stretching. “Guess it’s time to start the day!” he declared.]

 

“It’s great to see a boy acting so eager, right when he wakes up,” Wilhelm chuckled.
Especially after an injury like…

 

But that perseverance had always been what made Subaru-dono such an admirable figure.
Really, the old man shouldn’t be surprised by it at all.

 

[“Dear Guest, do you need our help getting dressed?” Ram offered.]

 

[“Dear Guest, do you need us maids to dress you this morning?” Rem echoed.]

 

[“What do I look like, a toddler?” Subaru retorted. “I’ll do it, I’ll do it — just get out
and give me a second, alright?”]

 

“Surprised Subaru-kyun didn’t take the pretty maid girls up on that offer,” Ferris teased.
“Nyew were sooo excited when nya saw them standing over nyew like that, hmm~?”

 



“I have SOME decency!” Subaru squawked. “What do you take me for, you gutter-minded
furball—?!”

 

Ram snorted. “Ha!”



Frederica giggled at the commotion.

 

It wasn’t that odd an offer, really, Crusch reflected. It had taken her a while to get used to it,
after opening her eyes to a world where she didn’t remember a thing — but she had personal
maids who helped her dress herself every morning. Although it had been flustering at first,
now it was just…

 

Anastasia hadn’t grown up with such luxury, having instead started her life a hyena in the
slums of Kararagi. But she indulged herself in that cornerstone of noble life now that she had
climbed her way up in the world, in the same way she indulged herself in good food, clean
water, beautiful clothing, and a warm place to sleep.

 

—Felt snorted. She wouldn’t be caught dead, letting someone else dress her like that.
Reinhard’s smothering attitude was bad enough, thank you very much.

 

(Old Man Rom wondered if that had been the maids’ way of testing Subaru, with him having
made such an off-color comment the moment he had woken up and seen them standing over
him. It was a rather genius way of subtly gauging his intentions, if that had truly been their
goal.)

 

[“This is really big, too,” Subaru marveled, looking across the grounds. “The mansion is
huge, but this is more of a grassland than a garden…”]

 

“Do you not have Estates of that size back home?” Anastasia pressed. “That’s really quite a
small size, as far as noble houses go…”

 

It had been Lord Roswaal’s summer home, after all, Ram remembered. Before it had burned
down, that is.



 

…It was somewhat nostalgic, now that she thought about it. To see her old home, back before
Barusu’s shenanigans had reduced it all to ash, just as she remembered it. It had been her
home for many, many years, after all.

 

”It is nostalgic, isn’t it?” Frederica agreed softly.

 

”…I hadn’t meant to say that out loud.”

 

”You didn’t. I just know that look.”



That look, that feeling, was the sort of thing about which the two maids saw eye to eye.

 

“…exist somewhere, I guess,” Subaru was answering Anastasia, who was listening with rapt
attention. “I might’ve seen places that big on field trips, a couple times, but even then they
were mostly reserved for agriculture…? I definitely hadn’t lived near anything like it before
coming here, I can say that much for sure—”

 

[“Those are odd moves,” Emilia observed. “What are you doing?”]

 

Garfiel suddenly brightened. “Radio calisthenics!” he answered enthusiastically.

 

“Radio calisthenics?” Anastasia echoed.

 

“It’s an exercise routine Captain shared with us!” Garfiel grinned. “It’s meant to stretch your
muscles before ya start exercising for real, and it’s really fun—!”

 

“Barusu used to force the nearby village to go along with it every morning,” Ram added.
“Those poor civilians, at the whims of a madman…”

 



“If you ever wanted to join us, Nee-sama, maybe you’d see for yourself how fun they really
are—!”

 

Garfiel perked up. “Ya should totally join us one of these days, Ram!” he exclaimed. “It
might look absolutely ridiculous—”

 

“Betrayal?!”

 

“—but it’s really, really fun!”

 

Ram scoffed. “In your dreams, Garf.”

 

Frederica wondered. Perhaps it wouldn’t be too bad, to spend some time with Garf in the
morning performing that that routine. Even if it was silly.

 

Though, that was assuming her dignity could stand the strain.

 

[“So people don’t do stretching in this world?” Subaru was wondering aloud. “—Oh
well, it can’t be helped.” He grinned. “How about I teach you?” he offered. “Genuine
warm-up exercises from my homeland, passed down through the generations!”]

 

Anastasia jolted alert, and then tried not to seem as invested in that offer as she felt.

 

“Oh no,” Ram sighed.

 

[Emilia simply looked a little flustered, in the face of Subaru’s overwhelming
enthusiasm. “R-Right,” she answered. “Just a bit, then…”]

 



She hadn’t been excited about that?! Anastasia bit her lip to keep herself from yelling at the
incurious woman.

 

Emilia hadn’t known that Subaru was from behind the Great Waterfall, she reminded herself.
So she couldn’t have realized just how…

 

“Oh, Mimi wants to do it! Mimi can do it!”

 

“Onee-chan—!” Hetaro cried.

 

Ignoring her brother’s plea, Mimi jumped out of Anastasia’s lap and spun to face the tiger
demihuman, eyes shining with determination. “Come on, Garf!” she declared. “I’ll try it with
you, let’s try it right now!”

 

“Ah—? Alright?!” Garfiel found himself getting pulled along by Mimi’s enthusiasm. “I guess
we’re doing it right now, then?!”

 

[“Morning Warm Up Part Two!” Subaru announced, immediately and enthusiastically
jumping into the exercise routine. “Reach high with your hands and stretch that back
—!”]

 

[“Eh? What?” Emilia floundered. “No way?!”]

 

[“Just do what I do, I’ll pound the essence of radio calisthenics into you yet!”]

 

“Reeeach back—!” Mimi repeated, struggling to emulate Subaru’s movements with her
shorter arms.

 

“Don’t stretch too much, squirt!” Garfiel protested, even as he was doing the same
movements. “You’re not supposed to pull anything—!”



 

”I’ll join you,” Frederica decided. Ram startled, staring at her in disbelief — but Frederica
had already agreed to do it, hadn’t she? “Hold on, I’m coming—”

 

“Ah, what the hell?!” Ricardo grinned, getting to his feet. “Reeach back—!”

 

“—Right!” Anastasia had been planning to sit back and watch, but — it wasn’t like she had
anything else to do, right? And one learned best by doing, after all…

 

“If the Lady’s doing it,” Hetaro said uncertainly. “Then I guess…”

 

“C’mon, you two!” Mimi called out. “Come on already, just jump in and do it!”

 

Tivey sighed, but — his beloved older sister would always end up getting what she wanted.

 

“Jules, follow along!” Anastasia ordered.

 

“If we must,” Julius sighed, brushing back his hair and getting up to follow his Lady’s lead.

 

Subaru squawked, his face turning red. “What— What the hell do you think you’re doing,
you grape-haired bastard—?!”

 

“Oh, are we all doing radio calisthenics now?” Emilia stood up. “Oh-kay! I remember this!
Reeach back—!”

 

“You too, Emilia-tan?!”

 

“Betty will join in, too, I suppose.”



 

“Beako?!”

 

“Merchant! Get to your feet, in fact!”

 

Otto sighed, but complied. “I guess we’re doing this, now…” he said.

 

Rem and Ram both remained seated, but the look on Subaru’s face was more than enough to
convince Ferris to join in. “Why nyot, why nyot?” he decided. “Ferri-chan will show nyew
all how it’s done! —Cruschie, Old Man Will, c’mon and join us!”

 

“Ah— alright!” A little startled, but not altogether opposed to getting up and moving around
a little bit, Crusch followed her knight to his feet. “Wilhelm-san…?”

 

Subaru stared at the Sword Demon rising to his feet, a look of horror on his face. “Not you,
too—!” he cried out.

 

“Shall we join them, Lady Felt?” Reinhard asked, trying to disguise his eagerness.

 

Felt would have stayed out of it and watched the rest of the theater make fools of themselves.
But…

 

“C’mon, Rachins,” she ordered, getting to her feet. “You need to get up. Stop sulking and get
up already—!”

 

“What’s the fucking point,” Rachins muttered, eyes dull and listless in the exact way Felt
hated the most. “Why should I do anything anymore…?”

 

“Oh none of that, ya fucking idiot,” Felt snapped. “Get up. —Reinhard, Rom, both of you
better get up, too!”



 

Rom sighed, but his granddaughter had spoken. He’d been sitting down for a while anyway,
he reasoned. It would hurt to stretch his back a bit. “C’mon, boy,” he ordered. “Do as your
Lady says, won’t ya?”

 

Rachins glared at him with bleary eyes.

 

“Stop sulking, get up, and follow Big Bro’s lead, Rachins!” Felt said loudly. “That’s an
order!”

 

If anyone needed a distraction right now, then…

 

“You heard Lady Felt,” Reinhard said, pulling Rachins up by the collar of his shirt. “Follow
along, Rachins. Reeach — to the left, now…!”

 

Slowly, pressured into it by the rest of his Camp, Rachins started to follow along.

 

[“And at last, raise your hands!” Subaru ordered. “Victory!”]

 

[“Vi—” Emilia was blushing a bit, but she committed, following Subaru’s lead.
“Victory!”]

 

An echoing roar echoed through the theater, so loud it made everyone’s ears start to ring.

 

“VICTORYYY—!!”

 

A lone voice countered them, shrill with humiliation. “WOULD ALL OF YOU JUST BE
QUIET?!”

 



[“Okay, there you go, Emilia-tan!” Subaru declared. “You are now a Radio Calisthenics
Novice!”]

 

Everyone in the theater who had gone along with this cheered.

 

“Radio Calisthenics Novice!” Mimi crowed. “Mimi’s a Radio Calisthenics Novice now, did
ya hear that, Garf?!”

 

“Novice is right, squirt! Ya didn’t do half those exercises correctly—!”

 

Maybe one day, Mimi would be able to add radio calisthenics to her list of one-hundred
things!

 

“Aww, don’t look so embarrassed, Subaru,” Emilia said, smiling. Subaru’s face was still
buried in his knees. “This was really fun!”

 

[“Right.” Emilia’s onscreen counterpart shook herself, though a smile was still lingering
on her face. “Things reeally got off the beaten path, but…”]



Frederica giggled. That had been more fun than she had anticipated.

 

Anastasia sat back down, feeling — surprisingly good. She wasn’t the type for rigorous
exercise, and her defective gate left her a fair bit more fragile than most — even more so as
she grew older — but…

 

Implementing a more manageable practice like this into her daily routine might not be a bad
idea at all.

 

“I can see the appeal, actually,” Julius chuckled. “Perhaps this is the sort of thing Joshua
would benefit from, come to think of it…”

 



Ricardo privately thought it was rather juvenile. …Though, it was fun to see Mimi looking so
very proud of herself.

 

“What a fun exercise routine, Subaru-kyun!” Ferris purred. “Thank nyew so much for sharing
it with all of us—”

 

“Shut up, shut up, shut up—!”

 

[“It’s a crystal for spirits to inhabit,” Emilia was explaining to Subaru. “You know, like
Puck.”]

 

[“The kitty cat that slept through all the big stuff?” Subaru responded flippantly. “Bet
he doesn’t know about my heroic scene, then?”]

 

[“Oh, not at all, Subaru.” Puck’s voice suddenly radiated outwards from within the
crystal, which had started to glow. “Lia told me ALL about it after things got wrapped
up.”]

 

“Aw did she?!” Ferris teased loudly, switching targets without mercy. “Aw, did Emilia-sama
tell her precious spirit aaall about Subaru-kyun’s wonderful save at the Loot House? Ferri-
chan wonders what she must have told him…!”

 

“Would you be QUIET, you mangy furball?!”

 

“I didn’t tell Puck anything that wasn’t true,” Emilia declared.

 

Subaru looked like he was about to faint.

 

[“It’s been an up and down morning for me, though,” his onscreen counterpart said,
responding to Puck’s greeting. “First the looping corridor, then that menacing little girl
—”]



 

Beatrice winced. Subaru’s mortification faded abruptly at the look on her face. “Bea—”

 

“You don’t need to keep apologizing, in fact,” Beatrice interrupted quietly. “Betty
understands, Subaru.”

 

Subaru still looked very, very guilty.

 

[“—Now I’m past that and working up a sweat with Emilia-tan…!”]

 

[Emilia pouted. “People will get the wrong impression if you say that.”]

 

Wilhelm started chuckling. Subaru — probably hadn’t meant it like that, but he remembered
what HE had been like as a youth. He would have said that same thing about Theresia, and he
would have meant that in every possible way.

 

“At least he’s honest about his desires,” Crusch sighed. No deceit there, that was for sure.

 

[“I almost lost you,” Puck was saying forlornly. “I can’t thank Subaru enough, really.
…Well, I owe you something. I wonder if there’s anything you want? Something I can
do, I mean.”]



Frederica gasped.

 

“A debt from one of the four Great Spirits?” Julius’ eyes grew round. “That’s…!”

 

That was arguably one of the most valuable things that someone in this world could possibly
obtain. Julius could imagine wars being waged over a prize that immense. One of the four
Great Spirits — the Beast of the End, no less — entire kingdoms could be felled at the whims
of a debt that great!



 

Subaru had acquired something so precious within two days of—?

 

[“All right,” Subaru answered immediately. “Let me touch that fur of yours whenever I
want!”]

 

Julius stared, aghast. “What?!”

 

Frederica sighed. Of course.

 

Anastasia broke into a sudden coughing fit. “What?!” she demanded, whirling towards
where Subaru was sitting in his jar.

 

Subaru couldn’t help but recoil from the look in her eyes. “A-Anasta—?!”

 

“You were granted a wish by one of the most powerful beings on the face of the Earth,” she
hissed. “Limited ONLY by what he would be capable of doing on your behalf. And you —
asked for THAT?!”

 

What kind of a short-sighted moron—?!

 

[“Sh-Shouldn’t you take a little longer to decide?” Emilia echoed onscreen, looking
similarly startled. “Puck might look small and unreliable, but his power level really is
quite something…”]

 

[“Hey, to a first-rate fur connoisseur like me, being able to feel fur is really huge thing,”
Subaru declared.]

 

Ferris started coughing, his eyes going wide.



 

“First-rate fur connoisseur…” Ricardo echoed.

 

“I-It was what I wanted!” Subaru defended, eyes darting from side to side. “I’m a normal guy
who likes small fluffy animals, what do you want?!”

 

Anastasia stared back at him, aghast.

 

“Natsuki-san…” Otto hissed out between his teeth, pinching the bridge of his nose.

 

—This was fine. This was FINE. This sort of thing — was what Otto was here for, after all.

 

“H-Hold on a minyute!” Ferris exclaimed. “Subaru-kyun — first-rare fur connoisseur?!”

 

[“I wouldn’t take any amount of money over it, you know.”]

 

Subaru frowned at him. “So I like petting fluffy animals,” he retorted. “What’s it to you,
fur…ball…”

 

[“…being able to feel high-quality fur whenever I liked…!”]

 

A wide, wide grin started to spread across Ferris’ face as Subaru slowly figured it out. Just to
rub it in, the cat-eared healer pointed at his own soft, fluffy cat ears, twitching them for
emphasis.

 

[“Oh, these ears are addictive!”]

 

Subaru’s face slowly turned a brilliant shade of scarlet.



 

[“And you’re so soft — I’m totally into your fluffiness here!”]

 

Ferris pounced .

 

[“I know from reading the surface of your thoughts,” Puck marveled, purring slightly
as he allowed Subaru to rub his cheek all up against his pelt. “But to hear you actually
say it, wow…!”]

 

Frederica turned away from the growing commotion, a slight blush on her cheeks. —It
wasn’t usual, for her Demihuman heritage to be seen as something cute and attractive, as
opposed to beastlike, savage, and unwanted by those around her. And then when it was seen
as a positive, she was well-used to needing to brace herself for the uncomfortable caveats that
came with it — especially where the eyes of men were concerned. 




 

But Subaru's fascination came with such a genuine sort of innocence that sort of caught her
off guard.

 

Ram snorted, watching Frederica’s blushing face with amusement. “Don’t worry, Frederica,”
she teased. “The tender and insightful Ram shall protect you from the perverted Barusu.”

 

—Julius sighed, giving up. At least Subaru was making the most of his stupid wish.

 

[Emilia sighed in resignation. It sounded awfully similar. “Well I’m going to talk to the
lesser spirits, then,” she said, and began to walk away. “It’s fine if you two play, but
don’t interfere, alright?”]

 

[“…So, she dumped us,” Subaru whispered to Puck.]

 

[“Yep,” Puck sighed, slumping slightly. “She dumped us.”]



 

Emilia giggled. “It’s nice that you two get along so well,” she said, smiling.

 

Julius had to admit, watching Puck explain the basics of spirit magic to Subaru — who was
completely clueless: even having given up that astounding opportunity, Subaru outright
befriending the Beast of the End was…

 

Anastasia sighed, her own frustration soothed by the sight. At least that idiot had gotten
SOMETHING out of that deal.

 

[“It’s a bit harder to satisfy a spirit with a mind of his own, like me,” Puck said. “I’d
like to give to the pact maker as good as I take…but my conditions with Lia are pretty
strict.”]

 

[“…It’s been on my mind since earlier, but — Lia,” Subaru pondered. “That’s a cute
nickname…”]

 

[“Not as cute as your Emilia-tan!” Puck said cheerfully. “Maybe I should call her that,
too…”]

 

[“—Don’t,” Subaru pleaded. “Seriously. I’m begging you.”]

 

“Aww, but Ferri-chan thought nyew LIKED beings with soft, fluffy, fluffy fur!” Ferris
exclaimed, where he was currently tormenting a cowering Subaru mercilessly. “Why didn’t
nyew wannya share nyer nyicknyame for Emilia-sama with such a fluffy, fluffy, fluffy—?”

 

“Haven’t you had enough yet?!” Subaru wailed, voice hoarse from embarrassment and tears
beading at the corners of his eyes.

 

“Absolutely nyot, Fur Connossieur-kyun! Ferri-chan’ll want a proper rating once nyer out of
that jar, nyew knyow…!”



 

—Subaru’s eyes darted up towards Ferris’ twitchy, fluffy ears.

 

Unfortunately for him, Ferris did not miss this small, fleeting glance. If possible, his smile
widened even further with pure, sadistic delight.

 

(Frederica tugged at her own golden hair, face red. She found herself holding back a smile.)

 

[“It’s all right,” Puck called to Emilia. “I got a good feel for him, and I can’t find one
shred of malice, hostility, or intent to do harm. Subaru’s a good boy, though his
personality is a bit weird.”]

 

“That’s…” Julius blinked. “That’s probably the most solid seal of approval Subaru could get,
in these conditions,” he said.

 

“Even if his personality is a bit weird,” Mimi repeated, giggling.

 

“Captain’s weirdness is part of what makes him so great!” Garfiel defended.

 

Subaru didn’t know what he had done to be mocked like this so. Existed, probably.

 

[“Why did you…?” Emilia frowned. “Even if it’s true, isn’t saying it in front of him
hurtful?”]

 

[“Oh, ah, that’s fine!” Subaru said quickly. “I’m a complete stranger to you, so of
course you’d check me out. You’re right to doubt. —But that part at the end really hurt,
Emilia-tan!”]

 

“‘Even if it’s true,’” Ricardo chortled.



 

“I can see he’s off to a great start,” Crusch commented wryly, a look of amusement in her
eyes.

 

“I like Subaru’s weirdness,” Emilia declared stubbornly, folding her arms. “Subaru is weird
in the best way possible!”

 

Subaru wanted to curl up in the corner and wither away. Too bad the jar he was in was
cylindrical, and thus didn’t have any corners for him to wither away in.

 

[I have no good way to explain my situation, Subaru thought to himself. No preexisting
record of me in this world, and if I were to say that I was from another world entirely…?
Letting Puck get a good read was the best option here.]

 

[“It’s all right, Lia,” Puck insisted, before turning to Subaru with a mischievous look in
his eyes. “Oh, and I know what you were up to, Subaru,” he added. “Naughty boy, using
my mind reading like that.”]

 

Anastasia blinked. That…had been shockingly intelligent. She felt her heart rate ease inside
of her chest, her lungs relaxing in response to that reveal.

 

…Perhaps she had underestimated Natsuki Subaru, just a little bit.

 

[“I’m honored,” Subaru grinned. “Let’s get along famously, my friend!”]

 

[Puck stared at him in surprise for a long moment before breaking into a wide smile.
“It’s been a while since I got this kind of treatment,” he said cheerfully. “I like it!”]

 

Reinhard smiled. He believed that he understood that feeling well.

 



Felt glanced at her knight’s wistful expression. She pressed her lips together, and turned back
to the screen.

 

They — could all discuss that later, probably.

 

[“I’d rather hear those words from Emilia-tan,” Subaru sighed. “Oh well, as they say:
to take down a general, first take down his horse… Well, you’re kind of a cat, so does
that still make sense…?”]

 

“Interesting turn of phrase,” Wilhelm noted, smiling. “It is rather accurate, I would say, to
refer to the conquest of love in terms of a battlefield…”

 

It was especially so, when he thought of his own love affair with Theresia.

 

Emilia imagined herself riding Puck into battle like a horse and started giggling into her
hands.

 

[“—Really, Subaru, you are so strange,” her onscreen counterpart sighed.]

 

[Subaru blinked. “Huh?” he asked.]

 

[“Giving leading looks to a…half-elf like me who speaks to spirits like it’s a normal
thing…it surprised me.” She turned away slightly. “Even as a joke.”]

 

…Emilia’s smile faded.

 

She didn’t feel that way anymore, but — she remembered what it had felt like, back when she
had.

 



“Emilia-tan—” Subaru tried to say, the embarrassment fading from his cheeks. Getting the
message, Ferris paused his teasing for just a moment.

 

Emilia shook her head, and her smile returned to her face. “You don’t need to say anything,”
she said. “I know better now, Subaru.”

 

[Would you be as surprised if you knew it wasn’t a joke? Subaru thought — before seeing
her smile.]

 

Yes. She knew better, now.

 

(Finally learning that it had never been a joke — for Emilia, that had been the most
wonderful, wonderful surprise in the world.)

 

[That smile…on par with the one she gave me back at the Loot House, he thought
dreamily. She’s sublime, beautiful, with a heart of gold wrapped around an unshakeable
core. I want nothing more that to put my hands on my cheeks and give thanks to Mother
Nature…!]

 

Subaru’s mortified expression returned full-force. Ferris grinned, taking that as his cue to
resume his siege against the boy’s dignity.

 

“I don’t know why you’re so embarrassed about this of all things, Natsuki-san,” Otto sighed
nearby, shaking his head. “You say this sort of thing about Emilia out loud all the time…”

 

But at least then he could CHOOSE to say it out loud, couldn’t he?!

 

“Shut up!” Subaru cried. “Shut up! Just — stop talking already!”

 

—This reminded Garfiel of something. He tilted his head. What was…?



 

Ah, right. He snickered. All of those love letters, scrawled across the sides of the Witch’s
Tomb.

 

Subaru had been embarrassed like this back then, too. Man, those were some good
memories…



Frederica watched all of this with a smile on her face. She would never dare place her own
insecurities about her looks on the same level as Lady Emilia’s — but nonetheless, it struck
an oddly warm place in her heart to see a boy so fervently adoring all those traits that the girl
he loved struggled with the most.

 

[“Huh,” Emilia pondered. “Wonder what’s with those two?”]

 

[Rem and Ram were approaching them from the mansion. Once they were close
enough, they bowed in sync.]

 

[“Master Roswaal, Lord of the Manor, has returned,” they said in unison. “Please come
this way.”]

 

“Oh!” Emilia blinked. “This would be his first time meeting Roswaal,” she said. “I wonder
how they got along, when they first met…?”

 

Subaru and Roswaal had actually been quite amicable, before — before Roswaal had gone
and ruined everything, really. Emilia missed the playfulness that had been part of their
relationship back then, sometimes… Even if she knew why it had stopped.

 

[“Err, right.” Emilia frowned awkwardly when Subaru asked about him. “Roswaal is…
You’ll understand when you meet him.”]



Frederica chuckled.

 



[“You gave up on that explanation too fast!” Subaru exclaimed. “What, he’s too plain to
describe?”]

 

Garfiel started laughing. Hard.

 

“Garf…” Ram trailed off. She — couldn’t exactly blame him. The young oni sighed, giving
up before she even started.

 

[“No,” Emilia, Puck, Rem, and Ram all immediately — understandably — replied in
unison. “The opposite.”]

 

[Subaru’s jaw dropped open. Rem reached forward and closed it for him with one hand
on his chin.]

 

Otto snorted.

 

Emilia tilted her head. Was that what Subaru’s relationship with Rem had been like?

 

Rem stared at the screen, her face expressionless.

 

[“One cannot describe the likes of Lord Roswaal with words alone,” Ram declared.
“You shall understand when you meet him, Dear Guest. It’s all right: he is a kind
lord.”]

 

Garfiel scowled.

 

“Garf,” Ram warned, her voice a little stronger this time.

 

“My amazing self didn’t say nothing,” Garfiel muttered.



 

[“You’ll probably get along just fine, Subaru,” Emilia murmured, patting his shoulder.
“He’ll wear you out, though.”]

 

“In retrospect, that’s such an insult…!” Subaru groaned.

 

“What, do nya nyot wannya be like Nyer sponsor, Subaru-kyun?” Ferris laughed. “Careful
there! Nyew both are already the eccentric types, aren’t nya? So nyer really halfway — nyo,
two-thirds of the way there already—!”

 

“Why must you insult me so horribly?!” Subaru cried. “What the hell did I ever do to you?!”

 

Ram stared at them both with marked disapproval.

 

[“Watching from above,” Beatrice’s voice drawled. “I felt…dismay at seeing your
considerably disappointing head, I wonder? It would seem that you are quite dumb, I
suppose.”]

 

Beatrice blinked. She had been watching Subaru and Emilia in the yard…?

 

[Emilia had left to go and change clothes before breakfast, which Rem and Ram had left
to fetch, leaving Subaru alone in the dining hall with Beatrice.]

 

[“What’s with talking like that on a fine morning like this, loli?” Subaru challenged.]

 

[“What is that term, I wonder?” Beatrice retorted. “I have never heard it, yet it feels
distinctly…unpleasant.”]

 

“What does it mean, actually?” Anastasia asked curiously.



 

Subaru averted his eyes. “I-It’s a term for a literary archetype,” he muttered. “A— A little
girl-type character…”

 

“Hm.” They needed a specific term for that? —No, it seemed like it had a specific sort of
connotation to it, from Subaru’s reaction…

 

Anastasia could pester him more about otherworldly literary tropes later, she decided, and
turned back to the meteor.

 

[“It means you’re not on my list,” Subaru replied. “I never go for girls younger than
me.”]

 

[Beatrice stared back at him. “…Perhaps I should pity you for having insulted me so.”]

 

Julius sighed. He couldn’t decide what would have been worse: for Subaru to attempt to hit
on a Great Spirit, or for him to so blatantly reject her right off the bat.

 

At least the Great Spirit in question didn’t really look all that offended. She looked a little
impressed, in a strange sort of way.

 

Julius…understood the feeling, a bit.

 

[“I don’t know anything about table manners,” Subaru mused, looking out at the dining
table. “How about I let you give me pointers?”]

 

[“Is that arrogance, I wonder?” Beatrice shot back. “If you do not understand, simply
say so and lower your head.”]

 



[“If I could do that much…” Subaru started to stroll over to the head of the table. “I
might as well just sit in the big chair and really irritate you.”]

 

Julius squawked. Frederica cringed, hard.

 

Crusch coughed into her fist, eyes flying wide. “Subaru—!”

 

“That’s such an insanely disrespectful move!” Julius cried out, whirling on the Subaru sitting
in his jar. “You were a GUEST in the Estate, and the first morning there you decided it was a
good idea to—?!”

 

“I was just having some fun?! Give me a break!”

 

—Though, even at the time, Subaru hadn’t been able to feel at ease while doing something so
audacious. Not like Julius needed to know that.

 

[“Well, fine,” Beatrice sighed, exasperated, watching as Subaru squirmed in the big
chair, unable to truly get comfortable. “More importantly, have you no words with
which to thank me?”]

 

[“Thanks?” Subaru blinked. “I asked for help just now and you brushed me off, didn’t
you? —And what kind of person ASKS to be thanked? I’d wanna see the look on your
dad’s face for that one!”]

 

[“What are YOU angry for?!” Beatrice bristled, looking both irritated and flustered.
“I’m the one who should be angry, in fact! After all I did…!”]

 

“It’s alright, in fact!” Beatrice rolled her eyes. “Betty understands, Subaru!” she retorted.
“You don’t have to keep apologizing forever, in fact!”

 

Subaru wilted, slightly.



 

Beatrice pursed her lips. “…Just so long as you understand now how wonderful Betty is, I
suppose,” she prodded.

 

“Yes!” Subaru perked up. “My Beako is the best!” he declared. “My Beako is amazing,
wonderful, the greatest in the world—!”

 

[The Subaru onscreen frowned as Beatrice’s voice trailed off, but before he could press
her to continue—]

 

“It’s my own fault for refusing to elaborate, in fact,” Beatrice sighed to herself.

 

[“Pardon us, Dear Guest,” Rem’s voice announced, her and Ram entering the room
with a cart. “I shall set the meal.”]

 

[“Pardon us, Dear Guest,” Ram added. “I shall set the tableware and the tea.”]

 

“I can’t believe they didn’t yell at him for sitting in that bastard’s chair,” Garfiel marveled.

 

“They probably wanted to see what Roswaal would do about it,” Otto chuckled. “It’s
certainly one way for Natsuki-san to make an impression…”

 

And Rem had said she wanted him out of the Manor as soon as possible, so. This was
certainly one way for her to achieve that goal.

 

(Even if their future selves understood that it was never going to work.)

 

“Those maids are probably used to eccentric types,” Anastasia decided. That would certainly
make sense, considering who their master was.



 

Frederica laughed a little. That was truer than Lady Anastasia knew.

 

[Subaru’s stomach growled loudly at the look of the food.]

 

Wilhelm chuckled. Young men everywhere were much the same, it seemed, no matter where
they came from.

 

“Pathetic,” Ram scoffed.

 

[“Whoa, not bad at all,” Subaru admired, not even the slightest bit embarrassed. “Now
this is a breakfast fit for nobility… I was worried it was going to be some weird out-of-
this-world thing.”]

 

That — could very well be a concern for someone in Subaru’s position, yes. Crusch winced.

 

She was glad Subaru hadn’t needed to worry about getting a proper meal. The boy — he had
already had quite enough to worry about as it was, really.

 

Ram smiled proudly. For her little sister to have skill with cooking enough to bring Barusu to
heel right at the start—

 

Ram had already known that Rem was just as wonderful as herself, in her own Rem sort of
way, but that wouldn’t stop her from being proud of her cute little sister.

 

[I can’t see anything that might pose physical or mental danger, I don’t think… Subaru
thought.]

 

Everyone winced as one. After the kind of day Subaru had just experienced — yeah, that was
a valid concern.



 

“But he’s safe there,” Emilia murmured. Yes, Subaru would always be safe in their own
home. She knew that for certain…

 

[…But annoying that curly-haired girl sure is fun! Subaru smirked at her, rubbing his
butt all across Roswaal’s chair.]

 

“Subaru…!” Julius growled through gritted teeth. Frederica would have smacked him, had he
not currently been separated from her by a glass wall.

 

[“Ohhh my,” a familiar voice called. “You certainly seem raaaather spry. That is good,
veeery good…”]

 

“Oh no,” Julius groaned, burying his face in his hands. His very first impression…!

 

“Julius, he’s fine,” Ricardo laughed. “He’s surrounded by all of the people who’ll become his
closest friends and loved ones. He’s never been more fine than he is right now.”

 

—Except for the detail that none of them could remember these moments.

 

But…Ricardo thought it was safe to assume that the reason for that discrepancy wasn’t
Roswaal. Or anyone else in that dining room, for that matter.

 

[Completely clueless, Subaru opened his mouth.]

 

[“Man, you hired a clown to entertain us before breakfast?” he asked. “I’ll never get
how rich folks think.”]

 

Garfiel choked. Frederica squawked.



 

[“…I have some idea of what you must be thinking,” Beatrice observed. “But I shall not
get in the way.”]

 

Otto started laughing. After a moment of shock, Garfiel followed suit — even louder and
with even more amusement than his older brother figure. Frederica cuffed them both upside
the head.

 

“Subaru—!” Julius bit out, gripping his hair.

 

Lord Roswaal would have come back to find a filthy, homeless foreigner holed up in one of
his guest rooms. Then he would have come down to breakfast to see said foreigner cozying
up in his own seat at the head of the table, picking fights with his housemates, before turning
to the Lord of the Manor himself and openly insulting him by mistaking him for hired help.

 

How was Subaru still—?

 

Julius went cold. He couldn’t take for granted that Subaru would still be alive, at the end of
this.

 

…In fact, he already knew that this version of Subaru was not going to survive.

 

[“Don’t be that way, Betty,” Subaru teased, completely unaware of what he had just
done. “We’re friends, right? Let’s do some more small talk!”]

 

[“What kind of relationship do you and I have, I wonder?” Beatrice retorted. “Also, do
not speak my name so casually!”]

 

“He’s always so fucking friendly,” Felt marveled. “No matter who he meets or under what
circumstances he meets them, Big Bro’ll always treat everyone like they’re his best buds in
the making, huh?”



 

“Please watch your language, Lady Felt…” Reinhard winced.

 

“Oh, shush.”

 

[“Oh my,” Roswaal said, surprised. “It is raare to see Beatrice here. Is it not fortuitous
thaaat you decided to share a meal with me after so looong?”]

 

[“If that man over there is the only optimist that would already be too many, in fact,”
Beatrice shot back. “I wait for Bubby and Bubby alone.”]

 

[—Emilia suddenly entered the dining hall, freshly changed, and Beatrice’s entire
demeanor shifted.]

 

[“Bubby!”]

 

Everyone in the theater started laughing at the sudden switch.

 

“So this is how those two acted,” Otto snickered. “I’d heard about it from the others, but
seeing it for myself…!”

 

“That is some blatant favoritism,” Anastasia giggled, holding a hand to her mouth. “‘Bubby,’
huh…?”

 

Julius coughed into his fist, trying to regain his composure. “M-My apologies, Beatrice-
sama,” he laughed. “I— I’m glad that you and Bub— and the Beast of the End get along as
well as you…”

 

(The distraction had been a welcome one, at least.)



 

“Hmph!” Beatrice folded her arms, trying to ignore the blush she felt creeping across her
cheeks. “Bubby is Bubby,” she declared. “If you lot had the relationship with Bubby that
Betty does, in fact, then…!”

 

[“Hey, Betty!” Puck greeted. “Haven’t seen you in four days. Have you been doing well
and staying ladylike?”]

 

[“I’ve been waiting for you to come home!” Beatrice responded excitedly, rushing over
to grab him away from Emilia.]

 

It was somewhat odd, Julius thought, to see the Beast of the End allowing such treatment on
— a regular basis, it seemed.

 

[“Tee-hee, aren’t they merry?” Emilia smiled softly, watching Beatrice manhandle Puck
as she herself walked over to Subaru’s side. “Puck and Beatrice are very close, you
see…”]

 

[“Nobody uses ‘merry’ anymore…” Subaru replied.]

 

Emilia hunched in on herself, just a little bit.

 

To see herself and Subaru having such a normal conversation, so much like the ones in her
memories… And yet this one — had never happened.

 

Or rather: it had only ever happened to Subaru.

 

[“Er, Subaru…” Emilia smiled awkwardly. “That chair…”]

 



[“Oh, right!” Subaru started, suddenly looking slightly embarrassed. “Uh, it’s not what
you think,” he said hastily. “I mean, a cold chair really throws you off, so I figured I’d
warm it up a little. It wasn’t that I wanted to sit where you usually sit, like an indirect
sit-down…!”]

 

“Nyer giving me so much material to work with here…!” Ferris breathed, looking as though
he was being handed mound after mound of treasure.

 

Subaru cowered away from him the best he could, attempting to brace himself for further
torment.

 

[“Sorry, I’m not really sure what you mean,” Emilia said, looking rather taken aback.
“But there’s Roswaal’s seat.”]

 

Frederica coughed lightly.

[Subaru slid off the chair, looking a little disappointed.]

 

“Foiled!” Ricardo cackled, slapping his thigh. “Such dastardly plans — foiled, right before
his eyes!”

 

Wilhelm chuckled into his fist, trying his best to hold himself back in order to preserve what
was left of Subaru’s dignity.

 

Subaru stared at Wilhelm, who was failing very, very badly at hiding his amusement, and felt
it slowly crumbling away regardless.

 

[“Oh, there’s no need for concern,” Roswaal purred. “I seen your warmth may not
reach Lady Emilia, but I shall treasure it greatly.”]

 

[Subaru scowled up at the lord of the manner as he reached down to pat the boy’s
shoulder. “This clown’s acting real chummy,” he commented. “It’s not polite to touch



the dancing girls, you know?”]

 

Frederica blinked.

 

“‘Dancing girls’…” Ram echoed flatly.

 

Wilhelm frowned. He’d never referred to himself in THAT way, he didn’t think…

 

Must be an otherworldly turn of phrase, he decided. That made the most sense, yes.

 

Otto sighed, remembering Subaru’s odd hobby surrounding Miss Natsumi Schwartz. He —
didn’t say anything out loud. He couldn’t risk ruining their Camp’s reputation in front of —

 

Otto froze.

 

Would. Would that night, with him, Garfiel, and Subaru…

 

Would that end up being shown here, too?

 

[“Since when did you become a da…?” Emilia shook her head, something more
important becoming apparent in her mind. “Er, no, Subaru, this man is…”]

 

[“My, my, myyy,” Roswaal interrupted gently. “I do nooot mind, Lady Emilia.
Considering how he went from being at death’s door to being in such high spirits,
shoooould we not be quiiite grateful?”]

 

[That voice of his excels at getting on people’s nerves…!]

 



“Ha!” Ram folded her arms.

 

“Captain has good instincts,” Garfiel muttered to himself.

 

Ram flashed a scowl his way, but Garfiel didn’t apologize for it. That fucking clown knew
what he did.

 

Julius was just glad that Roswaal wasn’t offended. —Though, now that he thought about it…

 

An eccentric like Roswaal was probably exactly the type of noble that Subaru would get
along with best.

 

[Subaru suddenly frowned. “Hey, now,” he told the clown, sounding slightly more
serious. “Not that I should say this, but sitting in someone else’s chair is gonna tick
people off.”]

 

“Subaru…!” Julius groaned, pinching the bridge of his nose.

 

—Yes, it was probably very, very good luck on Subaru’s part, that the noble who’d picked
him up off the street was the one who would be able to match him in terms of eccentricity.

 

”You could stand to listen to your own advice, Subaru-sama,” Frederica scolded.

 

[“No need to worry about tha…” Emilia looked utterly exasperated at them both. “You,
ah, really should introduce yourself to Subaru,” she told Roswaal, a note of disapproval
in her voice.]

 

[Subaru blinked. “What do you mean?” he asked.]

 



[“In ooother words,” Roswaal declared, looking utterly amused. “She meeeans…this.”
He spread his arms wide. “Tiiis I, lord of this manor, Roswaal L. Mathers.” His eyes
glinted. “It is goood that you feel so safe and comfortable under my roof, Natsuki
Subaru.”]

 

“What an incredible first impression,” Anastasia commented wryly.

 

“For Lord Roswaal, or Onii-chan?” Mimi asked.

 

“…For both of them,” Anastasia decided.

 

[“Mm…” Subaru hummed, chewing his breakfast with a pleased look on his face. “This
is better than usual…”]

 

[“Indeeed, indeeed,” Roswaal agreed, smiling. “She may not look it, but Rem’s cooking
is quite something.”]

 

Frederica tilted her head. So Rem had been good at cooking, then. —Come to think of it, she
was pretty sure Subaru had mentioned something like that before.

 

Emilia blinked. It was, huh…?

 

Subaru had told her something similar, if she remembered correctly. But — hearing it from
Subaru and hearing it from Roswaal were two very different things.

 

Rem tilted her head. “A good cook…” she mused.

 

Was that the kind of person she had been?

 



“I can believe that,” Ram said proudly. Rem turned to look at her — her Nee-sama. “My cute
little sister being a good cook — there’s no doubt in my mind that she would be such a
thing.”

 

[Subaru glanced over at Rem, who made a fox sign back at him with her hand. He
swallowed his current mouthful, and then used both of his hands to make an…odd hand
gesture, right back at her.]

 

Ram frowned. “And just what is that supposed to be, Barusu?” she asked. “Were you making
a lewd hand gesture towards my dear, sweet Rem?”

 

“I-It’s just a hand puppet, Nee-sama,” Subaru answered, repeating the gesture. “—See” he
said. “It’s a frog.”

 

Ram stared back at him, stone-faced.

 

“I think it’s a lovely frog, Subaru,” Emilia said kindly. Subaru wilted ever so slightly in his
jar.

 

Wilhelm chuckled.

 

[“So the blue-ha…” Subaru paused in questioning Roswaal, and then turned to Rem.
“Is calling you Rem fine?” he asked. “So you cooked this?”]

 

“Over-familiarity is just a staple of who Subaru is, isn’t it?” Julius sighed.

 

“Like we didn’t already know that,” Anastasia commented.

 

—This version of Subaru had never met Rem or Ram before. Some of that behavior was
tragic, but some of it was simply part of who he was.



 

[“Yes, Dear Guest,” Rem replied. “Rem handles the meals in this household. Nee-sama
is not especially good at it.”]

 

[“Oh-ho!” Subaru exclaimed. “So it’s like, you twins have different specialties. So, your
sister is really good at cleaning?”]

 

That fantasy book talk again, Anastasia presumed.

 

—It sounded like a cute trope to read about, really. Even if attempting to apply it to real
people was rather naïve.

 

[“Yes,” Rem responded. “Nee-sama specializes in cleaning inside and doing the
laundry.”]

 

[“So,” Subaru pressed. “Since you’re good at all the cooking, you’re not so good at
cleaning and laundry, Rem-rin?”]

 

“Rem-rin?” Emilia echoed. That wasn’t a nickname she had ever heard him use before.

 

But — perhaps it was the sort of thing he had called Rem, back when she was…?

 

Rem scowled at the nickname. It prickled uncomfortably along her spine.

 

[“No.” Rem shook her head. “I excel at all domestic chores, including cleaning and
laundry, more than Nee-sama.”]



“Not that that’s much of a bar to clear,” Frederica teased. Ram huffed slightly.

 



[“What’s she here for, then?!”]

 

“What a way to talk about a woman you just met, Natsuki-san!” Otto scolded. “And whose
hospitality you are currently dependent upon—!”

 

Rem scowled. She didn’t know her sister very well, but she didn’t like…!

 

“Ha!” Ram scoffed, rolling her eyes. “Ram doesn’t need the permission of the likes of Barusu
to do as she pleases. Barusu can say whatever he likes: it is of no matter to the sweet and
brilliant Ram.”

 

But — that was the way of the world, wasn’t it? Anastasia reflected. Some people were good
at some things, some were good at others…

 

And then some people were good at everything, while others were good for nothing at all.

 

(And you had everything between those two extremes, on top of that…)

 

[Ram isn’t responding to Rem’s statement at all, so I guess it’s true, Subaru pondered. So
why doesn’t she look bothered by it…?]

 

[“So maybe it’s different fields, huh?” he wondered aloud. “Ram-chi does combat stuff
and the other does more domestic stuff?”]

 

“Ram-chi,” Ram echoed flatly. That was the annoying nickname that Barusu had talked the
village children into giving her, she remembered…

 

—It had been Ram-chi, right? Or, had it been Ram-rin?

 



…Ram pushed that thought aside.

 

“Giving nicknames to everyone right off the bat…” Hetaro sighed.

 

“Is everyone from beyond the Great Waterfall this friendly?” Tivey wondered.

 

“I hope so!” Mimi said cheerfully. “Imagine going somewhere where everyone was your
friend right from the start! Mimi wants to see a place like that someday!”

 

[“Not a baaad guess,” Roswaal replied. “Though Rem and Ram make a poor first
impression because of their idiosyncrasies, yes?”]

 

[“Hard for that to stand out now when their master’s so unique, Ros-chi,” Subaru shot
back.]

 

Julius choked.

 

“R-Ros-chi?!” Garfiel echoed in disbelief. “Captain, you called that old clown—?!”

 

“I think we’ve heard him call Roswaal that before,” Otto pointed out. “…It’s still quite a
statement, though,” he admitted after a moment. “For a random homeless man Roswaal’s
guest dragged in off the street the previous night… And who he came out to see sitting in his
chair at the head of the dining table…”

 

Natsuki-san sure knows how to make a first impression, doesn’t he? Otto sighed inwardly. —
But organizing that sort of thing, too, was Otto’s job.

 

[“You know, Subaru,” Emilia scolded gently. “You shouldn’t speak at the dinner table.
It’s rude to Rem and Ram, who prepared this all by themselves. Without proper
manners, you’ll make blunders during important occasions, so…”]



 

“It is pretty bad manners,” Crusch agreed gently. “But…”

 

There was something very warm about that sort of behavior, she thought. In an odd way,
Crusch thought that she would prefer that sort of rudeness, as opposed to a more polite sort of
atmosphere…

 

Perhaps that was another mark of the fact that Crusch still had a ways to go, to fill the shoes
that her old self had left behind.

 

[“Nobody uses ‘blunder’ anymore,” Subaru teased. “…Table manners, huh?” He
gestured to the now empty dining table. “Kind of late to learn them now, right?”]

 

“LISTEN to her, for Od’s sake—” Julius cried out.

 

[“And you moved right up close to me, too, despite all those empty seats,” Emilia was
pointing out mildly.]

 

[She’s right, Subaru thought. By rights, we’d be seated quite far apart to make full use of
the dining table…]

 

[“But I moved closer because I wanted to eat with Emilia-tan,” he said aloud. “Roswaal
didn’t say he minded, so what’s the big deal…?”]

 

Julius wanted to strangle him. He really, really wanted to go and strangle Subaru where he
sat, that stupid, stupid little—!

 

Anastasia giggled. “There’s something nice about such honest, open infatuation,” she
decided. “Emilia’s a lucky girl, in a way…”

 



Though, Anastasia would have appreciated it if such an enthusiastic suitor had just a few
more brains, herself.

 

[“I mean, you can give me any veggies you don’t like…”]

 

[“All right, you can have my green bepper—” Emilia started. “Wait, that’s not the
point, I’m being an idiot.”]

 

Oh no. Anastasia sighed. Subaru’s clueless silliness was contagious, was it now…?

 

“You don’t like green beppers, Lady Emilia?” Crusch asked curiously. “I quite like them.”

 

Emilia pursed her lips. “…They’re fine,” she lied.

 

It wouldn’t have been convincing even if Crusch DIDN’T have the [Divine Protection of
Wind Reading] to suss out the falsehood in her stead.

 

Beatrice would have teased the silly elf girl for this, perhaps — but she, too, did not like
green beppers. Nor did Subaru, who did have his moments of showing an acceptable sense of
taste.

 

[“Incidentally, Ros-chi,” Subaru said, dropping his teases for the moment. “I thought I
heard Emilia-tan say this household has only two maids working here?”]



Anastasia glanced at Frederica.

 

”I happened to be in leave when Subaru-sama first arrived,” Frederica answered.

 

[“Ahh, yeees,” Roswaal confirmed with a smile. “Such is currently the caaaase. Ram
and Rem are the only ones left.”]



 

[Subaru’s eyes widened. “Two people handling a place this huge?” he marveled. “You’d
think people would die from overwork no matter how good they are! That said…it
doesn’t feel like you’re going to be hiring any new maids here?”]

 

Crusch frowned. “Two maids for a Manor of that size,” she echoed. “It really does seem like
an awful lot…”

 

“It’s — a little unusual,” Wilhelm agreed. “Most Estates don’t have quite as many as the
Karsten Estate does, however. House Astrea is pretty much solely managed by Carol, Grimm,
and their two granddaughters…”

 

Rem wasn’t sure how she felt about that being her old occupation. …Though, she supposed
that it was at least a respectable line of work.

 

At least she hadn’t been some worthless freeloader.

 

[“You truly ARE a mystery, having come to the Mathers Estate at the far reaches of the
kingdom of Lugunica — yet you do not seem to know the circumstances of this
country?” Roswaal was saying. He folded his hands in front of him, eyeing Subaru
somewhat warily, even through his smile. Something appeared to have shifted.
“Amazing that you made it past royal customs.”]

 

“Circumstances?” Rem echoed.

 

Ram started. “That’s right — you wouldn’t know!” she exclaimed. “—Though, Lord
Roswaal sounds like he is about to explain it. Pay attention, Dear Sister…”

 

[“Well, I am kind of an undocumented immigrant in a sense…” Subaru shrugged.]

 

Julius was going to pass out, wasn’t he?



 

[Emilia started. “I can’t believe it!” she exclaimed. “If you say things like that so easily,
then bad people will make mincemeat out of you…!”]



Frederica sighed. Lady Emilia was correct, but did she have to phrase it like that?

 

[“Nobody uses mincemeat anymore…”]

 

“Would you please just listen to the people around you, Subaru…?” Julius pleaded hoarsely.
He buried his face in his hands. “Please, please, just stop saying…!”

 

Mimi patted her Lady’s knight on the head sympathetically.

 

[“Don’t joke about this,” Emilia scolded. “…Is that really true? Is everyone where you
come from like this, or is it really just you who doesn’t know?”]

 

[Ah, she’s genuinely worried…! Subaru thought guiltily. I should reflect on my own
behavior a bit more…]

 

Anastasia’s eyes softened. Even if he was — a little stupid, Subaru was still that sort of kind
soul, wasn’t he?

 

…Someone whose behavior could be corrected simply by telling them that you were worried
about or disappointed in them — that wouldn’t necessarily be a bad trait to have, in a servant.
Emilia was a lucky girl, indeed.

 

(The more Anastasia thought about it — Subaru really did act like a puppy, didn’t he?)

 

["Err, more like my education's especially lacking,” Subaru dismissed awkwardly. “So
if it's no bother, I really would be grateful if you filled me in."]



 

["You seem an educated enough child to me from the big words you're using, but..."]

 

“An ‘educated enough child,’ huh?” Ricardo grinned.

 

“Lady Emilia thought Barusu was twelve when they first met,” Ram revealed, rolling her
eyes.

 

Garfiel blinked. “Ya thought he was younger than my amazing self?” he asked Emilia.

 

“Given how Natsuki-san acts, I can’t really say…” Otto muttered. Frederica nodded.

 

“Subaru can act reeally young sometimes,” Emilia admitted. “—Not that that’s a bad thing!”

 

Subaru’s face was never going to stop being on fire, was it?

 

["I mean, this here's my debut with high society,” Subaru pointed out. “I mean, aren’t
there things you don't know either, Emilia-tan? Honorifics like that and extra-polite
words seem to throw you off."]

 

["Err...you do have a point,” Emilia admitted.]

 

["I do understand what you are saying,” Roswaal said. “But Lady Emilia is cuuurrently
studying such things, you seeee."]

 

["Studying, huh.” Subaru started. “Wait, you mean we lost her when we were talking
earlier?"]

 



Otto coughed into his fist. “Natsuki-san,” he exclaimed. “Even if you’re right, that’s not the
sort of thing you say out loud about your—!”

 

“You were studying THAT?” Anastasia frowned. Those sorts of mannerisms — they
shouldn’t have been any trouble at all, for a Candidate for the throne.

 

Emilia was blushing. “W-When Roswaal found me just a few months prior to this, I had been
living alone in Elior Forest,” she admitted. “So I never really had the chance to…”

 

Crusch smiled sympathetically. Having been forced to re-learn all the proper manners of
nobility over the past year, she believed that she understood the struggle Emilia might have
been facing.

 

["You truly do have an active mind,” Roswaal teased. “It is because you think so much
that you can make statements you can make such thoughtless-sounding statements.”]

 

["Thinking while you live is just common sense,” Subaru shot back. “It's the duty of
every man to think on his feet for when the chips are down. That or your guts get spilled
all over the floor."]

 

Everyone in the theater flinched violently at that sudden, overly-casual reminder, smiles
abruptly wiping themselves clean off of their faces.

 

“Guys…” Subaru trailed off. What was he supposed to say, in this situation?

 

["I feel like your guts kind of did spill on the...”]

 

In the present moment, Emilia shrank into herself. Her onscreen counterpart had no idea —
no idea at all — about just how correct she had…!

 



[Emilia shook her head. “Ahem,” she said. “Back to the other subject... Subaru, do you
know this country’s the Kingdom of Lugunica's situation at the moment?”]

 

["Not the smallest, tiniest bit,” Subaru replied confidently.]

 

["Hearing you say it like that, I'm shocked you've lived this long."]

 

[That doesn't sound like praise to me… And isn’t she acting a bit like a mother hen?]

 

Ricardo forced himself to laugh, trying to re-lift the mood of the theater. “Mother hen, eh?”
he grinned. “Ya really were starting from rock bottom with the girl ya like, weren’t ya, boy?”

 

Internally thanking Ricardo for the hand, Subaru took it by sticking his tongue out at him.
“You’re just jealous of Emilia-tan’s sweetness!” he declared. “Nobody can match her, when it
comes to being gentle and kind!”

 

Ferris shook himself, trying to pull himself together again. “N— Nyes, Nyes, Subaru-kyun!”
he goaded, forcing his tail to twitch back and forth. “I’m sure she is. Every boy looks at his
mother as though she’s the sweetest woman in the world, do they nyot~“

 

Subaru squawked.

 

—Ferris assumed that was the case for most boys, anyway. His own mother hadn’t fit that bill
even slightly.

 

But, even then…

 

The image of her dead and gone forever, stabbed by her own husband and Ferris’ own father,
in that cursed, cursed household that…

 



(Ferris would never be able to forget that dark and filthy room in which he had spent his early
years, not for the rest of his life.)

 

["By 'situation'…you mean the country's in a bad spot?" Subaru asked.]

 

Anastasia chuckled. “Bad spot” was putting it lightly: before she had been selected as a
Royal Candidate, the situation had been dire enough that she had planned to keep her entire
company as far away from Lugunica as possible.

 

But then she had been selected, and Anastasia had risen to the challenge and thrown herself
into making this wretched kingdom hers, completely and utterly. And Anastasia took good
care of the things that she planned to make her own.

 

(From a hyena of the Kararagi slums to the King of Lugunica… Anastasia couldn’t bring
herself to look back at her history with anything but pride.)

 

["A fairly difficult situation, yes,” Roswaal said carefully. “For Lugunica currently
lacks a king."]

 

Rem blinked slowly.

 

[Subaru’s breath caught in his throat, and he suddenly looked a bit like a cornered
rabbit.]

 

["There is no need for suuuch concern,” Roswaal chuckled. “The gravity of the
situation is alreeeady well known to the public, you see."]

 

["Well, that's good,” Subaru sighed. “I was thinking I’d learned a dangerous secret and
would never get out alive.”]

 

It was getting — easier, a bit. To not flinch when Subaru made comments like that.



 

“Roswaal wouldn’t tell him something confidential and then go and kill him for it,” Crusch
frowned. Right?

 

…Otto could see the eccentric, dangerous Margrave doing just that, yes.

 

["It's sad you're hearing it first from us...” Emilia sighed. “Anyway, the nation's highly
unstable right now.”]

 

“It would have been much stranger for that boy to NOT have heard of the situation,”
Anastasia said. “Though, with context, it does make perfect sense…”

 

A boy from beyond the Great Waterfall — what use would he have had, for that information?
Where could he even have learned it?

 

—There were a lot of things that Subaru wouldn’t know, that everyone else would expect to
be common sense.

 

["But isn't that usually dealt with by having a child of the king inherit and take over?"
Subaru asked.]

 

["Usually, that is the case,” Roswaal confirmed. “Howeeever, that went awry due to an
incident half a year ago when a great plague struck inside the palace walls…"]

 

Ferris’ already shaky smile faded once again. That familiar sense of grief rose up once again
from deep in his belly, where he had stubbornly, angrily repressed it ever since…

 

Fourier.

 



The smell of that sickness still stung his nose. That was another thing that Ferris would never
be able to…

 

—Crusch’s expression was politely somber, but there was no familiarity in her eyes. Because
on top of forgetting her duties, her ambitions, Ferris himself, Crusch had also had stolen
away her memories of—!

 

Ferris felt a wail building in his throat, and tried his best to force it back.

 

Crusch noticed. “Ferris?” she asked quietly.

 

["Can't blame them for getting sick and dying,” Subaru sighed.]

 

The healer flinched violently at that callous way of speaking. Can’t blame them for…

 

But there’s so much else to blame, Ferris hissed inwardly. There must have been something
we could have done…!

 

But he hadn’t saved Fourier, and now the Prince was dead and gone forever.

 

Crusch — didn’t know what she could do, to comfort her saddened knight. She didn’t even
know why Ferris seemed so very upset in the first place.

 

…The best thing she could do was say nothing at all. Crusch understood this — even if it
also felt like the coward’s way out.

 

[“But what's gonna happen to this country, then?” Subaru was asking. “If there's no
royal bloodline, what, start a democracy and elect a prime minister?"]

 



“A prime minister?” Anastasia echoed. “Democracy?“

 

“It’s how things were run in Japan,” Subaru explained. “We’d have general elections for
representatives of different districts every four years, and then those representatives would
elect a prime minister to lead the country…”

 

Felt stared at him, aghast. “You had to go through this election process every four years?” she
repeated. “Yeesh…”

 

Now that’s a country in constant turmoil, Anastasia thought grimly.

 

“They weren’t as extreme as the Royal Selection!” Subaru defended. While he may not have
been that into politics back home, he didn’t like how everyone had started to wince. “The
general system and structural components would stay the same, but different candidates
would push for different policies, and nudge certain bills along this way or that—”

 

["I do not cooomprehend the latter part of your statement,” Roswaal admitted. “But
presently, a Council of Elders manages the affairs of the country, formed from great
families decorating the kingdom's history. The country will continue to operate.
However…a kingdom must have a king.”]

 

["…I suppose so,” Subaru agreed.]

 

The way the Margrave had phrased that made it sound like the new King of Lugunica would
be little more than a figurehead, Anastasia thought with a wry sense of amusement. While it
was true that that sentiment described the previous Royal Family of Lugunica…

 

Anastasia Hoshin was not planning on being a figurehead alone. Certainly not.

 

["I see," Subaru was saying. "I've got the gist of it. In other words, the country has no
king and is in a jumble while it's trying to pick a new one. Your relations with foreign
countries are deteriorating and you're in international isolation.”]



 

“Does this all make sense, Dear Sister?” Ram asked.

 

Rem frowned. “I…guess it does,” she answered.

 

She believed she was following this correctly — but it sounded like a horrible mess. Rem
wasn’t sure she really wanted to get involved in all of this…

 

[“So a mysterious foreigner like me appearing is... super suspicious?!"]

 

“It really is,” Crusch sighed. “If it wasn’t already clear that he didn’t have anything to do
with it…”

 

It would be the first thing most people in their position would assume, yes.

 

Anastasia found it hard to believe that someone like — this — would be sent to engage in
such Machiavellian politics. She knew that she couldn’t take his naïveté for granted —
Anastasia had not yet seen everything that had been erased by his actions — but. It was hard
to believe, yes.

 

“Onii-chan also facilitated the entire start of the Royal Selection, didn’t he?” Mimi
commented casually.

 

Anastasia blinked. “Mimi?” she asked.

 

“Well — if he hadn’t gone after Lady Emilia, she never would have gotten her insignia
back,” Mimi said. “She would’ve been killed by that scary lady, too. And if he’d never
brought Reinhard to Felt, then he never would have found the fifth Royal Candidate, either,
so…”

 



That — was true.

 

Subaru had been brought into this world at the exact date, time, and location at which he
would be best able to facilitate the beginning of the Royal Selection. What were the odds
of…?

 

Just because Subaru might not engage in those tricks didn’t mean whatever — or
WHOEVER — brought him here would be of the same mind. Anastasia turned back to the
meteor, feeling somewhat sobered.

 

["Fuuurthermore,“ Roswaal added cheerfully. “By making contact with Lady Emilia,
you have become associated with the House of Mathers, you see... Though the evidence
is circumstantial, that is all some would need to..."]

 

[The Lord of the Manor smirked at him and traced a line across his throat with his
thumb.]

 

[Subaru croaked slightly.]

 

“Your sense of humor is rotten to the core, Margrave Mathers,” Otto muttered.

 

—Roswaal was not entirely wrong, Julius reflected uneasily. A number of less…generous
nobles would have responded in exactly such a way.

 

Subaru wouldn’t deserve it at all, but — what Subaru deserved and what Subaru had earned,
whether he meant it or not, could be two very different things.

 

[…Wait. The true meaning of Roswaal’s words began to sink in. Wait—]

 

["Why is...the Lord of the Manor calling Emilia-tan ‘Lady’?" Subaru asked
tentatively.]



 

Frederica grinned, eyes glinting mischievously.

 

“Ah?” Ferris giggled. “Is someone catching on…?”

 

[Roswaal laughed. "Is it not natural to address someone of higher rank than I with
proper reeespect?"]

 

[Slowly, ever so slowly, Subaru turned to look at a sheepish Emilia.]

 

Anastasia frowned at the look on Emilia’s face. A Royal Candidate should wear their status
with pride, not…!

 

["I don't want you to think I was pulling the wool over your eyes, all right?" Emilia
said, sounding slightly defensive.]

 

Anastasia pressed her lips together. She herself would have felt mischievously proud of
playing such a harmless prank in order to get to know someone new. Emilia’s honesty wasn’t
necessarily a bad thing, but for her to look like she was embarrassed of her own status was—

 

I’m reading too much into this, she decided, and proceeded to set that thought aside.

 

["—Err, in other words,” Subaru clarified weakly. “Emilia-tan, you're...?"]

 

[Emilia smiled. "Currently,” she said. “My title is Royal Candidate, one of those seeking
to become the Forty-Second King of the Kingdom of Lugunica..with the backing of
Roswaal's House, that is."]

 

“And there it is!” Ricardo laughed. “The girl he likes — one of the five possible heirs to the
entire kingdom! Better start climbing, boy…!”



 

“I’m pretty sure it’s less ‘climbing’ and more ‘falling upwards’ that’ll get him where he
wants to go,” Tivey sighed. He could say that he thought Lady Emilia had very good taste in
men. —But then again, it was pretty clear that these two deserved each other.

 

Rem turned to look at the present-day Lady Emilia. So this woman was — a Candidate for
the throne of the country they all lived in? And Rem had…supported her, it seemed. Rem,
and her older sister, and their rather eccentric employer.

 

Rem made careful note of that detail, and then turned back to the meteor.

 

[…So the pretty girl I stumbled upon in this other world is a King — or, a Candidate to be
a King? Subaru thought faintly. This— This really is a true-blue fantasy world…]

 

“Oh dear,” Anastasia chuckled.

 

Ram huffed. That certainly wouldn’t have helped those delusions, no.

 

“It really is something out of a storybook,” Crusch commented, smiling.

 

Something out of a storybook — what a wonderful romance the two of them had been
blessed with, really…

 

["Man, three lives aren't enough to pay for this, are they…?” Subaru muttered to
himself.]

 

The room abruptly drained of that cozy sense of mirth.

 

Rachins flinched. Mimi, Tivey, and Hetaro all froze. Crusch’s smile slipped off of her face
like water. Anastasia’s eyes turned dark. Felt sucked in a breath. Wilhelm, Ricardo, and Rom



all stiffened, Rom clenching the armrest of his chair so hard the sound of it splintering filled
the theater. Reinhard and Julius felt themselves go numb, a tingling sensation suddenly
blanketing their skin. Otto, Garfiel, Frederica, and Ram all felt as though they had been
suddenly dunked in icy water. Even Rem shivered at the implications of that casual sentence.
But worst of all—

 

“What the Hell is THAT supposed to mean?!”

 

It was Ferris who demanded that, his teasy tone abruptly replaced with something raw and
angry and deeply, deeply hurt. Subaru had no choice but to recoil away.

 

“Nyot enyough for —” The healer shook his head. “Do nyew really nyot understand the
value of life?!” he hissed.

 

“Subaru, I’d never want you to—” Emilia’s eyes were wide with horror and hurt.  “Paying
me with lives is just— I’d never want that!” she exclaimed. “Never, ever—!”

 

“Indeed, in fact!” Beatrice snapped. “What kind of a sick sense of humor—?!”

 

“Guys, just— I’m sorry, I’m sorry!” Subaru frantically tried to wave them off. “It was a
dumb comment, alright?” he agreed. “I wasn’t thinking straight and I made a dumb joke,
that’s it! That’s all it was!”

 

“A joke…?”

 

Emilia swallowed. But — this was Subaru. She could trust Subaru, right?

 

“…Just so long as it’s a joke, oh-kay?” she finally said. Her voice was soft. “I don’t… You
know how much I care about you, right?”

 

“I do!” Subaru nodded frantically. “I do, Emilia,” he said. “I really, really do—!”



 

“Betty, too, in fact,” Beatrice growled.

 

“Of course, yes, I’d never forget about my Beako—!”

 

Ferris stared at Subaru as he slowly managed to calm the two girls down, his eyes seeming to
burn through his soul.

 

“…See that it stays that way, Subaru,” he finally said. His voice was dark, and uncomfortably
serious for such a frivolous person. “Nyew won’t like what happens, if it ends up nyo longer
being a joke.”

 

Subaru swallowed.

 

“…He sure did get lucky, though, didn’t he?”

 

It was Wilhelm, attempting to rescue Subaru from the wrath of his peers.

 

“Rescued by the girl of his dreams, right after wandering into a fantasy world.” The old man
was smiling with amusement. “A spirit mage, the daughter of the Beast of the End, a possible
heir to the throne of the kingdom — and a beautiful woman, all in one…”

 

Ferris took a deep breath. Exhaled. When he raised his head again, his eyes were closed and
that mischievous smile had been plastered onto his face once again.

 

“Nyes, in fact!” he teased. “Subaru-kyun must have been sooo happy to hear that his lovely
Lady Emilia was a Princess, hmm~”

 

“Would her title be that of a Princess, I wonder?” Beatrice mused, doing her best to follow
suit in dropping that uncomfortable topic. “A Princess and a Royal Candidate are two



different things, in fact—”

 

“Nyot in the mind of a teenage boy, they’re nyot~!”

 

["Sorry to surprise you this much,” Emilia apologized. “I really hadn't meant to keep
quiet about it, but, well..."]

 

["Hey, I'm not upset,” Subaru replied cheerfully. “You truly are as kind as an angel,
Emilia-tan."]

 

["Eh?!"]

 

Rom busted out laughing. “Of course!” he crowed. “Of course that’s his response—!”

 

“Who could have expected anything else, in fact?” Beatrice sighed.

 

“Nyobody,” Ferris giggled. “Nyobody ever could have expected anything else from our dear
Subaru-kyun~!”

 

["Well, you know, you're the reason everything's happened since I've been here,
Emilia,” Subaru said. “You're seriously E M T — Emilia-tan's a Major Treasure — and
that's my honest opinion!"]

 

“Doesn’t matter if she’s a silver-haired half-elf or a Royal Candidate,” Ricardo cackled.
“She’s still a pretty girl who’s exactly his type!”

 

“Boys can be sooo single-minded, can’t they?” Ferris teased. “All he needed was a good look
at that face of his love, and his mind was all made up! —Or well…” His grin sharpened.
“Subaru-kyun wasn’t really following his MIND, nyow, was he…?”

 



“What is THAT supposed to mean, fleabag?!”

 

Emilia tilted her head. “He was following his heart…?” she answered innocently.

 

Ram snorted. “Ha!”

 

[After a long moment, the shock faded from Emilia’s face, and she sighed. “Now I think
I understand how I got involved with you,” she murmured, cheeks still red. “You'll
brush off anything from anyone. Let's just get to the point, shall we?"]

 

Wilhelm began to regain control over himself, even though he was grinning so hard his
cheeks were starting to hurt. He coughed into his fist. “As expected, from a boy in love,” he
said mildly.

 

Royal Candidate or half-elf, Emilia was Emilia. Just like, whether she had been the Sword
Saint or a girl who loved flowers, Theresia had been Theresia.

 

[“I feel like I am interruuupting,“ Roswaal commented mildly.]

 

“With those two, it often feels that way,” Otto sighed.

 

[“But regardless, let us indeed get to the poooint, shall we? Is that fine with you,
Subaru?"]

 

["Based on my head not flying off my shoulders, I'm guessing it's nothing all that bad."]

 

[Roswaal whistled softly at that, and Emilia also looked as though she had been caught
off guard.]

 



“Would you not make suggestions like that, Natsuki-san?!” Otto cried out.

 

["Well, that's what I guessed about the 'point' based on your telling me Emilia-tan's a
Royal Candidate and why that's important, right?" Subaru clarified.

 

["...Subaru,” Emilia said. “Are you actually smart, or are you simply wrong in the
head?"]

 

["Those are two extreme choices, you know?!"]

 

“Behavior like yours can only ever be one or the other, Barusu,” Ram said. “And we’ve seen
more than enough to conclude that it’s the latter, I can assure you.”

 

“W-Well you still kept me around, didn’t you, Nee-sama?!” Subaru replied victoriously, even
with his cheeks remaining bright pink. “Even with my funky head!”

 

[Emilia stuck her tongue out at him. Subaru melted. She’s cute, so all is forgiven…!]

 

Ferris cackled. Subaru buried his face back in his knees.

 

["Your guess is quite on target,” Roswaal confirmed, getting them back on track. “This
matter is deeply related to what shall become of you. Lady Emilia?"]

 

["Mm,” Emilia nodded. “I understand."]

 

[And with that, Emilia took out her royal insignia.]

 

“Oh that’s right!” Felt laughed aloud. “Big Bro still had no idea what that thing even was—!”



 

“Didn’t you not know either?” Mimi pointed out.

 

“Well, no — but I was just trying to sell it!” Felt rolled her eyes. “Then you’ve got this
dunce, who went and chased me down and tried to trade away his most valuable possession
just so he could give back some random trinket—”

 

Anastasia couldn’t really find that funny. Subaru’s naïve insistence on giving everything he
had for a complete stranger, even when he may very well leave himself at the mercy of the
streets as a result — and without the brains to make the most of that sorry situation, no less…
She gritted her teeth at the thought.

 

And also, there was still the small detail that—

 

["H-hold on here...” Subaru’s eyes widened. “You lost the badge that proves you're a
Royal Candidate?!" he exclaimed.]

 

["That's putting it rather crudely,” Emilia said defensively. “A light-fingered girl stole
it!"]

 

["Same difference—!"]

 

[Subaru’s palms smacked against the dining table as he rose to his feet, knocking some
utensils to the floor — only for Rem to catch them midair in the background.]

 

Ram sighed. “Even back then, my cute little sister was cleaning up Barusu’s messes,” she
commented dryly. “That certainly bodes well.”

 

Rem frowned at the screen and didn’t comment.

 



["Weeell, if a Candidate loses it,” Roswaal elaborated, at Subaru’s panicked question.
“It won't end with just talk and excuses, yeees? —A King carries the Kingdom on their
shoulders. It is thought that a person who cannot protect a single small badge cannot be
entrusted with a responsibility as grave as an entire land."]

 

Anastasia didn’t say anything out loud.

 

She had many thoughts about that statement — about this situation — but she had enough
self-awareness to keep them all to herself.

 

["Felt was the one who stole it,” Subaru was recounting. “But Elsa was the client, and
she said someone else put her up to it...meaning someone's trying to stop Emilia-tan
from becoming King?"]

 

["That wooould appear to be the case,” Roswaal confirmed. “There is no simpler way to
disqualify someone than to steal the insiiiignia."]

 

But for Emilia to have allowed herself to be stolen from so easily…!

 

You’re jumping to conclusions, Anastasia told herself. Hold back, keep your mouth shut, and
maintain an open mind.

 

“Who could have made a move that…?” Crusch murmured.

 

“The Felt Camp didn’t exist, Priscilla’s pride would probably prevent her from making an
underhanded move like that, Anastasia seemed just as surprised as the rest of us, and I knyow
for a fact that we wouldn’t have had anything to do with it,” Ferris replied quietly, ticking
each option off on his fingers. “So…it was probably some third party.”

 

“Might have been someone with a grudge against silver-haired half-elves,” Wilhelm
muttered.



 

[“…Man,” Subaru marveled. “Looking back on it, I did a super good job!” He stood
up, a big old smile on his face. “Man, I need a bigger reward, huh?” he teased Emilia,
waggling his finger.]

 

“Pervert Barusu,” Ram said coldly.

 

“You have a really dirty mind, Nee-sama—!”

 

“Enough of your baseless accusations,” Ram scoffed. “The modest and insightful Ram calls it
as she sees it, is all. Don’t think she can’t see that lustful, piggish look in your villainous eyes
—”

 

“He’s right,” Anastasia said firmly as those two bickered, quietly enough that the present
Emilia wouldn’t be able to hear her. “He’s teasing you, but — Natsuki was completely
correct about that.”

 

[“…Yeah, you’re right.” Emilia looked back at him with a serious expression on her
face. “You’ve been a huge help to me, Subaru,” she said. “So much so that merely
saving your life isn’t enough. So, tell me anything you want.”]

 

At least Lady Emilia had understood that much.

 

[Subaru’s smile faltered, his eyes widening. “…Huh?”]

 

[“If it’s something I can do, then I shall do anything. —No.” Emilia shook her head.
“Let me do anything,” she insisted. “That’s how much you connecting with me means to
me, Subaru…!”]

 

Ricardo started coughing. “Oho boy!” he exclaimed. Crusch’s eyes widened.

 



“Lady Emilia!” Frederica squawked, scandalized.

 

Emilia turned to her, confused. “Eh?”

 

Ram stared at the screen, aghast. What a way to phrase that…!

 

What had Emilia been thinking, giving an overture like that to a man she had only just met?!

 

“…Pervert Barusu,” Ram finally decided.

 

“I didn’t even do anything?!”

 

[—Oh man, Subaru thought. I seriously suck at reading the mood…]

 

“Nyew could have read the mood just fine,” Ferris scoffed. “Lady Emilia was clearly coming
on to nyew, silly Subaru-kyun…”

 

“I don’t think she was,” Wilhelm sighed. A girl like her making an overture like that — he
hoped that wasn’t a habit of hers. Wilhelm knew what young men were like, and how easily
such behavior could put a young, beautiful girl in an unfavorable situation.

 

["...What are you doing?"]

 

["Er, my hand just kind of reached out."]

 

[—Subaru had reached out to stroke his fingers through Emilia’s long, silver hair.]

 



Julius squawked. “Subaru!” he scolded.

 

“Subaru—?!” Crusch shouted, eyes going wide.

 

“Pervert,” Ram snapped. Next to her, Rem pressed her lips together and said nothing, filing
this moment away for later review.

 

Frederica crossed her arms with a disapproving look on her face.

 

“Of all the things you could have done in response to that?!” Otto exclaimed.

 

Felt stared at him in disbelief. “Don’t ya want her to like you, ya dumbass?” she demanded.
“Why would you go and—?!”

 

["I'm an easygoing guy,” Subaru declared. “I was thinking — this would be reward
enough for me."]

 

…Felt exhaled slowly. “You really do choose the worst ways to ease people’s concerns about
you, Big Bro,” she scolded. “Have a bit of common sense here or there, would ya…?”

 

“Seriously,” Julius sighed. “One of these days you’re going to get yourself into serious
trouble because you just can’t read the room!”

 

“Kinda already happened, didn’t it…?” Ferris giggled.

 

“And right after you admit that it’s a weak spot of yours, too,” Tivey comment wryly.

 

“Maybe he wanted to give a demonstration of what he meant by that?” Hetaro wondered.



 

Ram’s little brother was a total moron. This was not anything new, not really, but he still
sometimes found new and embarrassing ways to emphasize his stupidity.

 

Subaru wanted to melt into the floor of his jar and disappear forever.

 

[“...You stroked Puck's fur, too,” Emilia noted. “Subaru, do you have some kind of hair
fetish?"]

 

[Subaru recoiled with a yell. "Hey, wait, fur and hair aren't the same thing at all!” he
exclaimed. “Your silver hair's really pretty, that’s all!"]

 

Laughter suddenly echoed through the theater. Subaru’s feelings of mortification and desires
to be anywhere but here abruptly magnified themselves tenfold.

 

“Subaru-kyun sure is drawn to soft and fluffy things!” Ferris crowed. “Does cute little Ferri-
chan need to find a hiding spot, I wonder—?”

 

“Oh shut uuuup!”

 

[Emilia — suddenly looked rather sad. Subaru tilted his head, confused.]

 

Emilia smiled sadly. She knew now that Subaru had meant every word, but…

 

She wouldn’t have thought so, back then.

 

“Emilja…” Ram sighed, shaking her head. —But the young woman had learned better
eventually, she knew.

 



["Ah, perrhaps we are in the way?” Roswaal commented. “We could leave you two to
yourselves?"]

 

“It really is a common feeling, around those two,” Otto muttered.

 

["Your concern's the dictionary definition of none of your business,” Subaru retorted,
still stroking Emilia’s hair with one hand as he used the other to point at Roswaal. “And
it's still my turn to ask questions."]

 

“Still petting her hair,” Anastasia sighed.

 

“Boys are so DUMB,” Mimi giggled.



Between Lord Roswaal, Clind, Otto, her own little brother, and Subaru — Frederica had to
agree with that.

 

Emilia could probably murder him in an instant if she really wanted to, Anastasia knew. The
fact that she was just sitting there and letting him play with her hair — it did say something,
probably.

 

["I understand Emilia-tan being a candidate for becoming King,” Subaru said. “But
what about this business of you backing her?"]

 

Otto pressed his lips together. It really would have been better if Lady Emilia had found
anybody else, but…

 

Well, there was no helping it now.

 

["You really aaare rather observant,” Roswaal noted mildly. “You've picked up the
preeevious matters quite well, though this is aaall second nature to any human born and
raised in the city."]



 

["I'm honored to have your praise, Count!” Subaru replied cheerfully. “—Though
simple anime and romance novels kind of prepared my mind for this fantasy stuff."]

 

“You could have just taken the compliment,” Felt sighed.

 

“What kinds of stories did you read, before coming here?” Reinhard asked. “If you remember
any of them, I’d love to hear about them one of these days…”

 

Julius jolted, and then tried not to look quite so eager. “W-Well,” he said, brushing back his
hair. “If other people are interested, then I guess I, too, might…”

 

“Yer not fooling anyone, Julius,” Tivey sighed.

 

“Well,” Subaru said hesitantly, as Roswaal explained his status as the court magician of
Lugunica — as well as Emilia’s patron. “I guess — I mainly liked romance novels, but. I also
had these adventure stories, and a couple of horror mangas…?”

 

Could he remember any of them in enough detail to relay them out loud without any
assistance?

 

Probably, right? What kind of a failure of an otaku would Subaru be if he couldn’t do THAT?

 

["I don't mean to put this the wrong way but...” Subaru turned to Emilia. “Emilia-tan,
you sure about this guy?"]

 

“Captain has good instincts,” Garfiel declared. “—Don’t look at me like that, Ram, ya know
it’s true!”

 



Frederica cut her eyes to the side. It wasn’t like she could blame him for feeling that way,
after all.

 

Crusch frowned. Even within his own Camp, the Margrave seemed…

 

She would try and steer clear of him, if that was the case.

 

["It can't be helped,” Emilia replied. “He's the only one in the kingdom I can ask for
support. In the first place, only a meddlesome eccentric like Roswaal would help
someone like me, so..."]

 

["Ah, I see. Process of elimination."]

 

["Quiiite a conversation you two are having right in front of your patron, if I maaay say
so..." Roswaal was chuckling.]

 

“It really is,” Julius muttered. He couldn’t even place all the blame on Subaru this time,
because Lady Emilia had gone along with it herself.

 

Otto couldn’t help chuckling. Roswaal had no doubt been long-used to this sort of treatment,
but to see it flaunted in front of him so openly regardless…

 

["So, back to the point, Ros-chi.” Subaru said. “I get that you're Emilia-tan's sponsor.
It's cute how she goes from one extreme to another to hide how she's a bit of an airhead,
but acting on her own like she did yesterday in the Capital, that's kinda rare, huh?"]

 

Anastasia pressed her lips together. Don’t jump to conclusions, she reminded herself.

 

These descriptions, however — she couldn’t help thinking that they were not at all favorable.

 



[“I wooould call it unprecedented,” Roswaal said with a strained smile. “Thooough
Ram should have been with her…”]

 

[Behind him, Ram brushed her bangs to the side so that she resembled Rem instead of
her normal self, feigning ignorance.]

 

Otto coughed into his fist. Ram silenced him with a glare.

 

“What a way to duck your responsibilities, Ram,” Garfiel chuckled.

 

“Hush,” Ram ordered.

 

["Man, that totally smug ‘I got away with it, just as I hoped' look gets on my nerves,”
Subaru commented.]

 

["Um, it's not Ram's fault,” Emilia said timidly. “Yesterday I split up from Ram
because I..lost out to my curiosity and wandered all around."]

 

Frederica sighed.

["What's that doe-eyed little-girl excuse?!” Subaru retorted.]

 

Anastasia winced. Lost out to her curiosity and wandered all around…?

 

And what kind of retainer lost track of their liege so easily, as well?

 

[“And anyway—” Subaru turned to Roswaal. “Emilia-tan being a big airhead doesn't
change the fact that she didn't fulfill her lord's commands. Is that all right...?"]

 



[“You dooo have a point,” Roswaal mused. “I share responsibility for Ram’s lack of
discretion. But what are you trying to say, I wooonder?”]

 

[“Simple,” Subaru declared, a mischievous grin on his face. “You’re the ones who
dropped the ball by taking your eyes off someone important like Emilia-tan. And I’m
the bad guy who’s gonna take advantage of that. Once I’ve discovered an opening to
take advantage of, wringing you out of what I can wring you out of is my way of doing
things!”]

 

Julius stared at the meteor in disbelief. “‘And I’m the bad guy who’s gonna take advantage of
that….’?” he repeated flatly. “Just — Just what sort of affect were you going for, you idiot?!”

 

“What a way to introduce yourself,” Crusch sighed. “And just what were you hoping to
accomplish, here?”

 

“I-I thought it would be fun to play the villain…” Subaru shook his head, trying to sit up
straight. “And I DID have a plan!” he declared. “A great plan, even, and it totally worked!”

 

“Sure didn’t give them a good impression of ya at the start, though,” Anastasia commented.
“Did it, Natsuki?”

 

[Indeed, between Emilia’s raised eyebrows, Ram’s slightly apologetic look, Rem’s clear
hostility, and Beatrice and Puck’s clear apathy, Subaru’s attempt to “play the villain”
seemed to have been successful in painting himself as just that.]

 

[Roswaal was the only one who was smiling pleasantly.]

 

["I seeee,” he nodded. “Certainly Lady Emilia's worth exceeds my considerable
personal fortune. It is appropriate that you should seek a reward only from me, as her
sponsor, iiis it nooot?"]

 



["Yep,” Subaru confirmed. “And you're not gonna say no, are you, Ros-chi? I mean, I
saved Emilia-tan's life and stopped her from dropping out of the Royal Selection. I'm
totally her savior!"]

 

“Again with that stupid pose,” Ferris giggled.

 

“Arrogant little brat,” Rom scolded warmly. There was something endearingly annoying
about that sort of behavior, he had to admit…

 

“So eager and proud of himself,” Emilia murmured, shaking her head softly.

 

He really did remind Emilia of a puppy, sometimes. He really, really did…

 

["I muuust admit that it is the truth,” Roswaal said, having also stood up so that he
could stare Subaru down from above. “Now, then, would you care to elaborate?"]

 

[Emilia looked slightly nervous as she watched the two men stare each other down.]

 

["Whaaat is it that you seek from me?” Roswaal asked. “I cannot refuse your request, if
only to prevent this matter from becoming public knowledge. Nooow then, what is your
desire?"]

 

“Well, it seems to have worked,” Crusch sighed. “Though, really…”

 

["Heh-heh-heh, that's a noble for you; you really get it.” Subaru nodded. “Whatever
reward I want!” he declared. “And you can't say no, Ros-chi! A man doesn't take back
his word!"]

 

Emilia winced. That — was going to age.

 



[“That is quiiite a saying!” Roswaal laughed. “I see. A man should make no excuses. No
reneging on his word.”]

 

“The way you’re phrasing this could not possibly sound more suspicious, Subaru!” Julius
snapped.

 

“I needed him to confirm that out loud!” Subaru defended. “I needed to hear him say that
he’d give me whatever I wanted, and this was the best way I could think of to—!”

 

“The best way?!” Julius repeated in disbelief. “The best— You couldn’t have thought of
ANY OTHER WAY to word that, you daft—?!”

 

“Where is he going with this…?” Anastasia mused quietly, ignoring the performance in favor
of the underlying motives.

 

[This petty villain behavior sure isn’t helping my popularity here, Subaru reflected.]

 

“Well,” Julius huffed sarcastically, very cross indeed. “Just so long as you’re AWARE of it,
then…!”

 

The fact that these were all people that the present-day Subaru knew and loved — that was
the only thing holding him back from going on another angry tirade about common sense.

 

[But that effort was worth it just to drag that one statement out of him!]

 

Julius blinked. “—Hm?”

 

Anastasia grinned slyly. So Subaru did have a scheming side to him…! At least that was
something.

 



Now — what was it that he was going to ask for? Wealth, land, political support—

 

["I want one thing and one thing only,” Subaru finally declared. “I want you to hire
me."]

 

“…Huh?” Anastasia asked.

 

Frederica broke into a grin.

 

Ram blinked slowly. So Barusu had asked for this first after all, huh…?

 

She had wondered, if maybe he had used his debt to obtain something else, first. But — even
at the very start, it seemed that this had been his first instinct.

 

[Rem and Ram looked somewhat conflicted at this request. Beatrice looked heavily
bothered. But Emilia—]

 

["I-it's not for me to say,” she admitted, eyes wide. “But that's kind of..."]

 

“Of all the things you could have asked for…!” Julius gritted his teeth.

 

“Actually, Jules,” Anastasia interrupted. “That was probably the smartest move that Natsuki
could have made.”

 

Julius blinked. “—Lady Anastasia?” he asked.

 

“Currently, Natsuki has no food, no money, no place to stay,” she explained, ticking off each
choice as she spoke. “By using a debt to become a live-in servant, he can take his time
learning the ropes for different household tasks that could make him a living in the future



without needing to worry about being fired for underperforming, while also securing a
consistent source of food and water, as well as a warm bed. Furthermore, by choosing to be a
servant instead of a guest, he can further endear himself to his coworkers and the margrave of
the Estate, which would likely be far more difficult if he were perceived as a mere
freeloader.”

 

Julius — had not thought of that. “…I see,” he said.

 

Perhaps he had underestimated his friend, just a little bit.

 

["You're cute when you're surprised!” Subaru commented, smiling uncertainty. “But…
are you that against the idea?"]

 

["It's not that, it’s — you want so little!" A note of anger made its way into her voice as
she slapped the table, getting up and walking over to where Subaru stood. "It's not just
the thing with Puck, alright? It's...like when you asked me my name back in the Royal
Capital." She gritted her teeth, frustratedz "You don't...understand how grateful I
feel,” she said. “I can't... repay you at all for saving my life and more, if you ask for so
little!"]

 

Crusch winced. That — was a reasonable complaint.

 

For Emilia, Subaru had done something truly incredible — and seemingly without gaining
anything in return. Even if Subaru had seen it as paying back a debt, in Emilia’s eyes such a
thing had never existed in the first place. And as such, it was only natural for such a fair-
minded and kindhearted woman to feel as though…

 

But at the end of the day, the decision for what someone wanted to get in return for a deed
like that was up to—

 

["…You don't understand, Emilia-tan,” Subaru finally said, deciding to speak truly and
honestly. “At the time, that was what I truly wanted from the bottom of my heart, you
see?"]



 

[Emilia blinked. “…Huh?”]

 

["At the time, I wanted to know your name,” he declared. “I think being in a new,
uncertain land with no idea what would come the next day, if I'd stopped to think about
it, there were lots of things I could've considered. …But I'm a man who can't lie to
himself."]

 

Crusch smiled. That sort of honesty was admirable, in a simple sort of way.

 

Anastasia sighed. No ambition at all, she wanted to scold him. A person should keep their
gaze high enough to reach the stars, that was how Anastasia Hoshin always thought. For
someone to be content with so little was…

 

[I’d died three times for that reward, Subaru reflected. I wanted nothing else, and so —
seeing her smiling face, learning her real name — that was the greatest reward I could
have wished for.]

 

…Anastasia softened, ever so slightly. Perhaps this was ambitious, in Subaru’s own little
way.

 

“Oh, Subaru…” Emilia smiled, but she thought that she kind of wanted to cry.

 

“Satisfied by so little,” Ram said. “You truly are a dumb mutt, Barusu.”

 

["My request to Ros-chi's like that, too,” he explained. “Right now, I'm completely,
totally broke. Sure, I could ask for a pile of gold, but why not set myself up so I can
make a living long-term?"]

 

Anastasia smiled, feeling a small flicker of pride. That was indeed his plan, then. Smart.

 



Thinking ahead was an important life skill, especially for someone who could — fall victim
to the most dire consequences of failing to do so multiple times. But perhaps he was better at
it than Anastasia had…

 

[“If you wanted that, you could ask to just live here for free, not as a manservant, you
know?"]

 

[Subaru started. "Oh, I could've done that?!” he exclaimed. “Hey, Roswaal-san, could
you let me live as a fr—”]

 

Anastasia Hoshin exhaled slowly, feeling that pride slowly flicker out. Perhaps she had
overestimated Natsuki Subaru, just a little bit.

 

["I shall honor the first request,” Roswaal interrupted with a smirk, making an X-shape
with his arms above his head. “A man does not take back his word, dooooes he?"]

 

["Whoa! You're right!” Subaru repeated, eyes wide and soulful. “A man doesn't do
that, huh?!" Curse my big mouth…!]

 

Wilhelm started laughing.

 

“Set his own trap, didn’t he?!” Ricardo crowed. “Set a trap and then stepped right into it
himself—!”

 

“Aww, but Subaru-kyun’s a big boy who can take what he dishes out, nyes?” Ferris teased.
“If he makes his bed, he knyows he has to lie in it~”

 

“Will none of you leave me be?!”

 

Rem — giggled.



 

Ram glanced at her in surprise, and then turned back to the meteor, a soft smile on her face.

 

—Barusu was good for some things after all, it seemed.

 

["And I thought for a moment there you seemed actually serious...” Emilia sighed. “I
must have just imagined it."]

 

["And then Emilia-tan lowers my rating!” Subaru lamented. “That's kicking me while
I'm down!"]

 

“Ouch,” Ricardo coughed, a big grin on his face. “Can’t say ya didn’t deserve that one,
though, champ…”

 

“Shut it, you!”



Frederica sighed. Boys were stupid, indeed.

 

["Anyway...that's how it is, so...” Subaru shook himself, forcing himself to get back on
topic. “I mean, Ram-chi and Rem-rin must be straining to take care of this place all by
themselves, so please let me work under them."]

 

["It iiis true that is an actual concern...” Roswaal noted. “Though I beeelieve it is as
Lady Emilia said, it is indeeeed asking rather little?"]

 

["I'm a super greedy guy, actually,” Subaru grinned, wiggling his fingers. “I mean,
living under the same roof as a super cute, beautiful girl who's totally my type, what
guy wouldn't want that? Close in body is close to the heart, and opportunities
abound!"]

 

“Of course,” Otto sighed. “Your ulterior motives…”



 

“Barusu truly is a predictable, worthless male,” Ram scoffed.

 

[“...I seeee,” Roswaal chuckled. “Certainly it is as you say. It is rare one gets to work by
the side of girls one is interested in, iis it not? Quiiite pleasant for you."]

 

“Not that I can blame him,” Ricardo chuckled. “It’s a great opportunity, for a boy his age…!”

 

Ram scowled back at the kobold with a look of derision. “Worthless. Male.”

 

[“Besides,” Subaru pointed out, dropping the teasy attitude and pausing with wiggling
his fingers in midair to scratch his head. “You’re not gonna let a guy you know nothing
about like me just pack up and leave. You gotta determine whether I’ll be of use or
harm to Emilia-tan.”]

 

Crusch blinked. “That…” she said. “Is probably true.”

 

“I’m just glad he caught on to that,” Anastasia muttered.

 

Felt snorted. “They weren’t gonna do anything to him,” she said confidently. “Not them—
Not to Subaru.”

 

Julius was wincing. “But did he have to accuse the Lord of the Manor of that out loud…?” he
hissed.

 

[I hope he doesn’t take offense to that comment… Subaru thought to himself, feeling
somewhat awkward.]

 

“It’s a bit late to think of that, isn’t it, Subaru?!” Julius bit out. “Can’t you think just a little
bit more before you—?!”



 

[Luckily, Roswaal did not appear to take offense to it at all. "Then it shall be as you
ask,” he declared. “I hope we geeet along very nicely."]

 

[What is he thinking? I can’t tell…]

 

Otto pressed his lips together. Roswaal was an eccentric, but he was also a threat that should
be taken seriously. —Which is why he, too, was concerned when he couldn’t quite make out
what the Margrave must have been thinking in those moments.

 

—Otto would need to put in some extra work, keeping Roswaal L. Mathers in check.
Subaru…was in a much more vulnerable position than any of them had previously thought.

 

[Ah, but I just made a very strong, public confession, didn’t I…? Subaru looked timidly at
Emilia. Does she…?]

 

“It’s weird to see Subaru getting shy about proclaiming his everlasting love for Lady Emilia,”
Otto noted.

 

“Never thought I’d see the day,” Ram snickered.

 

“Shush,” Subaru muttered, blushing slightly.

 

["Goodness, you really are a hopeless child...” Emilia sighed, shaking her head. She
looked perfectly calm. “Did something happen?"]

 

“‘Hopeless child,’” Ricardo echoed, chuckling.

 

“It’s amazing that Captain never went and gave up under all o’ that,” Garfiel marveled.



 

[Maybe I’m overthinking it? I don’t know, I’ve got no experience being around beautiful
girls…!]

 

“Lady Emilia was yer first?” Rom asked, somewhat surprised.

 

“A Royal Candidate was his first crush—” Ferris cackled. “Talk about going big or going
home!”

 

Wilhelm remembered how his very first crush had been the Sword Saint of Lugunica and felt
just a bit more like he and Subaru were kindred spirits.

 

["Man,” Subaru lamented. “Dealing with a girl I like this much is getting me all worked
up..."]

 

“Is it, Subaru-kyun?” Ferris teased, tail twitching. “Do nya get all worked up around Lady
Emilia? However do nya get any of nyer work done~?”

 

“Would you shut up already?!”

 

["Which one's more your type, I wonder...?” Emilia murmured, putting a finger to her
lips. “Ram or Rem?"]

 

Ferris paused, and then turned to stare at Lady Emilia with an aghast look on his face.

 

“Holy fuck you are dense,” Felt said flatly.

 

“Is this why Natsuki-san is so upfront all the time?” Otto wondered. “Because if he’s not…?”

 



Frederica could only stare.

 

Emilia crossed her arms, pouting slightly in response to being teased.

 

["I see the discussion is settled,” Beatrice grimaced. “So may I take my leave with
Bubby, I wonder?"]

 

“Beatrice isn’t excited at all,” Garfiel chuckled. “Ya really didn’t like him at first, did
you…?”

 

“…Subaru is the type that grows on you, I suppose,” Beatrice decided.

 

“Like a fungus,” Ram agreed. “Or a particularly insistent type of mold.”

 

“I could have done without that comment, Nee-sama…”

 

["Wait, there's no need to be in that much of a hu— Hey, at least introduce yourself!”
Subaru said. “I don't know what your place is here at all. You Ros-chi's little sister?"]

 

["Treating me as that thing's relative?” Beatrice shot back. “You are quite
accomplished at angering me."]

 

[Subaru slumped his shoulders. Roswaal smiled in amusement.]

 

“I don’t think Beatrice liked anyone, back then,” Emilia sighed.

 

—Beatrice had grown to like others, once Subaru had started dragging her out of the
Forbidden Library. But before then…



 

Emilia wasn’t sure what had happened, to make her lock herself up like that. But she was
very glad that Subaru had been able to pull her out of it.

 

[“Betty's the librarian of the archive of forbidden books here in Roswaal's manor!"
Puck explained.]

 

[Beatrice looked utterly betrayed. “Bubby?!”]

 

“Et tu, Bubby,” Subaru giggled to himself. Beatrice pouted at him from the other side of the
glass wall that separated them both.

 

["Sweet, tasty, meow..." Puck purred, nibbling on a sugary pastry.]

 

[Subaru poked his ear, toying with it a bit. "Hate to bug you when you're on a sugar
high,“ he apologized. “But could you tell me more?"]

 

“Subaru is going to take advantage of that deal every chance he gets, isn’t he?” Julius sighed.

 

“As he should,” Anastasia said firmly. If Subaru wished for something so ridiculous, then the
least he could do was get the most out of it that he could!

 

["It's because Roswaal's a pretty accomplished magician, plus he comes from a pretty
old family,” Puck explained. “There're lots of books here that aren't for other people to
see. So, he made a pact with Betty for her to protect them."]

 

“A library full of forbidden books…?” Julius suddenly found himself leaning forwards, eyes
shining.

 



“Don’t look so excited, in fact,” Beatrice warned. “The Forbidden Library burned down a
year ago — along with everything inside.”

 

Julius looked as though that news had been nothing less than an arrow, shot right through his
heart.

 

["Yes, that's true. How is Bubby always so right, I wonder…?” Beatrice seemed
transfixed by Puck’s other ear, reaching out to toy with it herself.]

 

[Subaru blinked. This is the first time I’m seeing a pleasant expression on this girl’s
face…]

 

Subaru couldn’t help but smile, looking at this image again now.

 

“But obviously Beako would look happy when petting Puck,” he mused. “Who could be sad
while petting a small, fluffy animal…?”

 

Beatrice nodded firmly in agreement, smiling proudly.

 

[“You two reeally look like you’re getting along nicely while playing with that kitty,
there,” Emilia commented.]

 

[Subaru winced. "Getting along nicely with this person is a little...!"]

 

["How could I ever get along with this person, I wonder?!" Beatrice retorted.]

 

Frederica couldn’t hold back a rather unladylike snort at that.

 

“That’s gonna age,” Garfiel cackled. “Now you two are practically joined at the hip!”



 

“Hmph!” Beatrice folded her arms.

 

["Hee-hee. I'm so scary, making two people at odds with each other into my slaves...”
Puck giggled. Emilia stretched out a hand to grab him. “Meow, meow, meow!"]

 

Julius smiled. It was nice, that Puck seemed to enjoy being pet as much as Subaru enjoyed
petting his fur.

 

Perhaps that wish of Subaru’s hadn’t been such a bad idea, after all.

 

["All that said, being the guardian of an archive of forbidden books...” Subaru
pondered. “The sound of it really tickles a guy's mind."]

 

["Perhaps you did not hear Bubby’s explanation?” Beatrice said wryly. “It is the room
you entered earlier."]

 

["Oh, the one with all the books!"]

 

“Of course the room with all the books had been the library, you blithering idiot,” Ram
sighed.

 

“You can’t blame a guy for not making assumptions, Nee-sama,” Subaru retorted. “Maybe
Beako just really liked to collect manga, for all I knew…”

 

He had said that word before, hadn’t he? Anastasia quietly filed the word “manga” away for
future reference.

 

[—Wait. Subaru,’s eyes widened. All those volumes — forbidden?! What kind of a crime
is that?!]



 

["Don't tell me this loli's your unwitting partner in crime...?!" he whispered to Puck.]

 

[“That word annoys me every time I hear it,” Beatrice shot back. “And to answer your
question, the very thought that I am an innocent victim annoys me enough. Couldn't I
just die, I wonder?"]

 

Julius sympathized with Subaru’s anguish at the idea of a library full of forbidden books.
Even if he wouldn’t say it out loud, with its old guardian right there…

 

(Had a library like that really been burned to the ground?!)

 

["Don't be so prickly, shrimp,” Subaru scolded, crossing his arms. “It takes calcium and
a calm heart to get taller. If you were about as tall as Emilia-tan and me, we'd have
quite a little love comedy going on here…”]

 

“Do ya have to flirt with everyone, Big Bro?” Felt sighed.

 

“Subaru-kyun is such a playboy!” Ferris giggled. “Sooo popular with the ladies, nyes…?”

 

“I think this is just how people from Subaru’s world greet each other,” Reinhard said
thoughtfully. What a friendly world that must have been.

 

A world full of Subarus—

 

Reinhard shook his head. As pleasant a thought that might be, he should remain focused.

 

["Wait a minute,” Emilia interrupted. “Beatrice...don't tell me you let him into the
Forbidden Library?"]



 

“Not exactly,” Beatrice muttered.

 

Ram snickered, remembering how Subaru had kept finding Beatrice over and over again, no
matter how many times she tried to keep him out. The Beatrice onscreen seemed particularly
incensed by her first taste of this reality, even as she prepared to go back to her Forbidden
Library.

 

["Betty’s Door Crossing,” Beatrice declared proudly, preening at Subaru’s awestruck
face. “You are trembling as its sublime beauty burns itself into your eyes, perhaps? —
Come on, Bubby."]

 

[Then the door closed. And when Ram opened it again, the Forbidden Library was
gone.]

 

Julius’ eyes widened. “That is some incredibly powerful magic,” he marveled.

 

“Hmph!” Beatrice puffed her chest out proudly. “Indeed, I suppose!” she declared. “Betty’s
yin magic is some of the strongest in the world!”

 

“That’s my Beako!” Subaru agreed cheerfully.

 

["I see.” Subaru nodded. “In other words, magic makes it so any door here can connect
to any room. Pretty neat for recluses who need to find the john in a pinch."]

 

["You actually look less surprised than I expected,” Emilia noted.]

 

“If he sees magic as something out of a storybook, then anything goes, I suppose,” Beatrice
sighed. It stung a bit, to see just how disappointingly unimpressed Subaru had been by her
abilities back then…

 



[“—What's a recluse?" Emilia was asking.]

 

["A guardian who sacrifices himself holding down the fort at home, waiting for weary
family members to return,” Subaru answered.]

 

“What a sarcastic comment,” Ricardo chuckled. Though it made sense Subaru would feel so
dismissively about recluses: Ricardo didn’t think he had ever met anyone so unlike a recluse
in his life.

 

There did seem to be something personal in how he had said that, however. Anastasia tilted
her head. Perhaps Subaru had known someone, back home, who he was trying to defend…?

 

["Er... that sounds noble.” Emilia tilted her head, sounding slightly concerned. “Are you
a recluse, Subaru?"]



Wilhelm snorted, and then composed himself. “My apologies, Subaru-dono…”

 

Subaru turned away, pouting slightly to hide his growing blush.

 

“Ferri-chan doesn’t think he can come up with anyone less reclusive than Subaru-kyun,”
Ferris muttered, rolling his eyes.

 

[A puff of smoke suddenly interrupted their conversation, causing Subaru to sneeze.]

 

[“Yes, yes,” Roswaal chuckled, having cast that spell himself. “Shall we continue the
introductions? Ram, Rem.”]

 

[“Pleased to make your acquaintance,” Rem obeyed first, stepping forth. “I am Rem,
employed as chief maid by this household.”]

 



[“Nice to meet you.” Ram stepped forward second. “I am Ram, working as an ordinary
maid in Master Roswaal’s mansion.”]



Frederica nodded approvingly at her juniors’ show of good manners.

 

[“Wow, you sisters suddenly got nice and formal,” Subaru said, surprised. “Not that
I’m one I talk, but…”]

 

“You’re really not,” Crusch chuckled.

 

A more formal welcome was probably a good sign, however. Especially considering Rem’s
earlier — hesitation.

 

(Crusch had probably imagined it. …No, she had definitely imagined it.)

 

[“But Dear Guest…or rather, Subaru, you are our coworker now?” Rem asked.]

 

[“But Dear Guest…or rather, Barusu, you work under us here now?” Ram echoed.]

 

[“Nee-sama, you’ve turned my name into a binding curse…”]



Frederica sighed, her approval abruptly draining away.

 

“You can’t really complain about that sort of familiarity after the way you were acting, kid,”
Rom chuckled, rubbing the back of his neck.

 

“Especially not after complaining about them speaking politely to ya,” Ricardo added with an
amused grin.

 



Subaru pouted back at them both.

 

(Ram dropping the formality so early on was also probably a good sign, Crusch supposed.)

 

[“So that’s my standing, huh?” Subaru sighed. “Not so much a butler as an apprentice
maid?”]

 

“A very, very CUTE apprentice maid, Subaru-kyun!” Ferris teased.

 

“Shut!”

 

[“In this situation, your doing odd jobs at their discretion seeems best,” Roswaal
replied. “Dissatisfied?”]

 

[“If I was gonna be dissatisfied, I’d have only myself to blame,” Subaru answered.
“Well, had to be done, so no regrets. Take good care of me, my seniors. I’m gonna work
super hard and break a leg!”]

 

“It means good luck!” Subaru explained hastily as heads whipped his way, scolds getting
ready to fall from everyone’s lips. “It means good luck! Telling someone to ‘break a leg’ is a
way to wish them luck, where I come from! I don’t — I don’t really know WHY they say
that, but—!”

 

Seeing that Subaru was telling the truth, Crusch sighed. Honestly…

 

“What a morbid turn of phrase,” Tivey muttered. Mimi sneezed.

 

[“Break a leg,” Rem echoed.]

 



[“So it would seem,” Ram replied.]

 

[Agreeing as one on the phrase, all three of the servants of the Mathers’ Estate high-
fived one another.]

 

Emilia smiled, shaking her head. Ram and Subaru really had always…

 

Though, she supposed that wasn’t really surprising. Those two were so, so much closer than
either of them would have let anyone else believe, after all. It was indeed the sort of
relationship that one would expect to span lifetimes, really.

 

(Emilia felt her heart ache at that reminder. No matter how nice this scene, she already knew
that, in the end…!)

 

[“Harmonius relations are a beautiful thing,” Roswaal said approvingly. “As your
employer, I think it iiiis just fine, so long as there are nooo ill feelings, yeees?”]

 

[“For some reason, we kinda get along,” Subaru replied. “A lot better than that loli!
Way better than her!”]

 

[“You really don’t want to be seen as Beatrice’s friend, do you…?” Emilia murmured in
a pitying voice.]

 

“Not like that’ll last for long,” Ram sighed. “It’s just a matter of time before Barusu‘s bad
taste will infect the Great Spirit as well.”

 

—Ram could kind of see what her old self must have been thinking. Barusu had the appeal of
a small, dirty, enthusiastic puppy that had followed her master back to the manor. Rude,
abrasive, filthy, tactless, entitled — but also open, enthusiastic, and very obviously harmless.
If nothing else: Barusu made for a great target that Ram could tease mercilessly whenever she
got too agitated.



 

It was nice, to see that she and her old self had been on such similar pages. Some things
change and some things stay the same…

 

Rem wondered how that old version of herself had really felt about Natsuki Subaru. Had she
really been alright with this…?

 

The meteor played on, continuing into Subaru’s very first life in the Mathers’ Estate.

Chapter End Notes

Yeeeaaah, it turns out the LN version of things is quite a bit longer than the anime. So.
Yeah.

Ah — I wanna give credit to daemonerik on Tumblr for their spreadsheet about the side
story content and the timeline of Re:Zero! It’s really been helping me plot stuff out, and
it’s also just a great resource. They put a lot of time into it so I kinda have to give them a
shout-out for it :D

Link: https://www.tumblr.com/daemonerik/765854350489862144/rezero-chronological-
order

Also, credit to Loremipsumverb and Jaereku for their document regarding some
mistranslations from YenPress, which I tried very hard to integrate here (and will
continue to do going forward)!

Link:
https://www.reddit.com/r/LightNovels/comments/ql2u76/the_ongoing_issues_with_yen
_press_subpar_re_zero/



Chapter 7: All Those Little Somethings (Arc 2, Part 2)
Chapter Summary

Subaru’s first week in the Mathers’ Estate!

Chapter Notes

Look out: this chapter has some Side Story content! Which ones I chose will be listed in
the end notes ;)

See the end of the chapter for more notes

[“Well then, shall we be off, Barusu?"]

 

Right from the very start, Emilia thought, giggling slightly into her hand.

 

“You could have been a little more professional,” Frederica teased. Ram snorted.

 

["So you intend to call me that full-time, huh?" Subaru commented, watching as Rem
cleaned up the dining room table on her own.]

 

“Why is the little sister doing all the work?” Mimi frowned.

 

Tivey and Hetaro exchanged looks, and decided not to say anything. Big sisters get spoiled
by their little siblings: that was just the way of the world, as far as they were concerned. …
Even if Mimi hadn’t yet realized it, herself.

 

Watching this exchange from nearby, Ricardo chuckled. Tivey shot him a glare, and he raised
both hands in quiet surrender.



 

Rem watched the meteor with a frown. This was what she had been like…?

 

She couldn’t say that she disliked the idea of having been a diligent worker. It was a flattering
image, at least. …Though, she wasn’t quite sure why she was the one doing all of the work.

 

(Frederica smiled. So Rem really HAD been the type to happily care for her struggling older
sister, hadn’t she?)

 

["Yes, I do, Barusu,” Ram responded. “Lord Roswaal commands it, so I shall show you
around the mansion. Can you at least make sure not to wander off?"]

 

["I'm not Emilia-tan, so I won't let curiosity get the best of me."]

 

["Su-ba-ru!" Emilia protested, puffing up her cheeks.]

 

Ram bit her lip to keep herself from smiling. Part of her wanted to tease Emilia by telling her
that she had deserved that comment, but the rest of her refused to give Barusu anything, and
so she stayed silent.

 

Beatrice did not. “It’s a reasonable thing to say, in fact,” she told Emilia.

 

“Oh, hush.”

 

Anastasia put a hand to her mouth, smiling. Even back here, before they really knew each
other…

 

They were just so cute together, really. The Merchant Princess was not really the overly-
fluffy type, but Anastasia was glad that they had found one another.



 

["Well, with minor regrets…” Subaru sighed, staring forlornly at Emilia, who had to go
and study. “Let's be off. Lead the way."]

 

Felt snorted. “You’re way too obvious, Big Bro,” she teased.

 

“Not obvious enough, apparently,” Otto sighed, glancing at Emilia. Emilia pouted back at
him.

 

["Yes, let us, Barusu.” Ram curtsied politely at Emilia. “Until later, Lady Emilia."]

 

["Subaru,” Emilia said. “I will, too, but...try hard, alright?"]

 

["Wow, I'm super happy to hear that.” Subaru tried to curtsy just as Ram had, holding
the hem of his tracksuit. “I'm really pumped for this!"]



Frederica cringed.

 

Julius snorted, and then tried to cover it up with a polite cough.

 

“Shut up!” Subaru snapped, face red.

 

“I didn’t say anything,” Julius replied, pointedly not looking his way. “I didn’t say anything
at all.”

 

“Wasn’t that the more feminine greeting…?” Felt frowned.

 

“…Yes,” Reinhard answered.



 

“What a great first impression,” Felt grinned.

 

[Sure enough, Emilia hadn’t missed that detail, if the strange look she gave him before
leaving the room was any indication. When Subaru turned to face Ram, he saw that she
had a grimace on her face.]

 

["That's quite a sour face, Nee-sama,” Subaru commented.]

 

“Poor Ram,” Anastasia giggled. “Having to fix up all of that…”

 

“That’s mean,” Mimi pouted.

 

“It’s true, though,” Tivey sighed. “Ram has her work cut out for her, there…”

 

[“I was just playing around a little,” Subaru was saying. “I'm not so ignorant of maid
culture to the point that I think a maid is the same as a manservant.“ Subaru started.
“Oh yeah — what about clothes?”]

 

“‘Not so ignorant of maid culture,’” Ricardo repeated with a chuckle. “And just where did
you learn about that, Subaru?”

 

Subaru refused to answer, face bright red, but he didn’t really need to. Everyone already
knew that he had gotten it from where he’d gotten everything else: shitty romance novels.

 

[“Certainly, clothing is very important. Let’s see, clothing in your size…” Ram’s eyes
glinted. “Yes, we should have some.”]

 

“What does that look mean?” Tivey asked uneasily.



 

["Awesome,” Subaru replied cheerfully. “Okay, let's get me changed, then. I think
formality actually suits me pretty well.” He gave a grin and a thumbs-up. “Let’s make
me a refined, high-quality man!"]

 

“A refined and high-quality man,” Ferris repeated, amused.

 

“Formality — suits you well?” Julius teased, the corner of his mouth twitching upwards.
“That’s not exactly something I would…”

 

Subaru stuck his tongue out at him.

 

“I feel like you are just proving my point, Subaru.”

 

["The servant quarters are on the second floor, so you'll change there,” Ram was
saying. “Your clothing size should be similar to Frederica's, who quit several months
ago."]



Frederica squawked. “Eh?!”

 

["Huh, interesting timing to quit.” Subaru blinked. “This Frederica...is a woman?"]

 

[“Her dimensions should be right about the same as yours."]

 

Mimi choked.

 

“So that’s what it was,” Tivey sighed.

 

“Now THAT’s mean,” Hetaro said disapprovingly.



 

“For his first day at his new job?” Ricardo chuckled. “She’s gonna destroy the boy’s
reputation before he’s even got a chance to build it, here!”

 

”Wha— Those are MY clothes?!”

 

”It’s not like you were using them,” Ram scoffed. “Any anyway, didn’t you let him…?”

 

Frederica cuffed her lightly over the head.

 

[Subaru had similar trepidations. Ram was glaring at him, stone-faced. “Clothing that
is formal, refined, and high-quality,” she said. “Which of those do you have a problem
with?”]

 

["How about all the above?!” Subaru protested. “Emilia-tan looked like she was gonna
pay me and everything, so why do I have to borrow a maid outfit?! What if people think
I'm some kind of weirdo?! I don't want that!"]

 

Crusch frowned. “Wasn’t Roswaal his employer?” she asked aloud.

 

“I don’t think Subaru-kyun was paying attention to anything but Lady Emilia,” Ferris
giggled.

 

[Crossdressing is actually one of my special talents — but I’d almost have rather died than
make that my trademark in this fantasy world…!]

 

Julius blinked. “What?” he asked.

 

“—What does that mean?” Ferris echoed.



 

Subaru refused to elaborate.

 

Nearby, Otto sighed.




[Though death is of no consolation, thanks to that whole situation…]

 

Everyone winced, but — at least Subaru’s conclusion was that he didn’t want to die. That
was something, so they all moved on.

 

["Any room that has no plate above it is fine,” Ram was saying. “Pick whichever you
wish for your private quarters and I shall drop off your change of clothes there."]

 

["Okay, roger that,” Subaru said. “Hmm, which one... All righty, I'll pick this room
over h—”]

 

Garfiel burst out laughing, and a good chunk of the rest of the theater soon followed.

 

“Oh hush!” Beatrice snapped, her face bright red. “Hush, the lot of you!”

 

["Fuwaah, you're so wonderful, Bubby,” the Beatrice onscreen cooed aloud, rubbing
her cheek all against Puck’s soft belly. “Your fur is the best fur ever...”]

 

Amidst the roar of the theater, Emilia giggled into her hand. “Puck did have the loveliest fur,
didn’t he…?”

 

Beatrice pouted at her.

 



[“Don’t worry,” Subaru grinned, giving a big thumbs-up at a mortified Beatrice. “I
won’t say a thing. That feeling turns all of us into blithering idiots—”]

 

["Could you cut short the magnificently stupid statement and close the door already, I
wonder?!"]

 

["Gyaha!"]

 

[And Subaru was throw back, hard, into the corridor wall. The door slammed shut
behind him.]

 

“A reasonable reaction to being caught in such a compromising position!” Ricardo cackled.

 

“Shush! Shut up, the lot of you!”

 

“M-My apologies, Lady Beatrice,” Julius coughed into his fist. “I’m sure that — anyone else
would have…”

 

Beatrice threw her hands up into the air. “I don’t need your sympathy, in fact!”

 

[“Hey!” Subaru shouted, annoyed at the sudden violence as he stormed back over. “At
least let me finish—!”]

 

[But when he opened the door again, the library had disappeared.]

 

“I can’t really blame her for running off after something that embarrassing,” Anastasia
giggled.

 



["Once Lady Beatrice conceals her aura, one cannot know which door it is,” Ram
explained. “She will not emerge unless you go opening every door in the entire
mansion."]

 

Ram sighed. She already knew that her onscreen self was woefully incorrect about that
prediction, when it came to Barusu specifically.

 

Sure enough—

 

["Here!” Subaru shouted, having raced down the corridor to open a door way along the
other side.]

 

[Indeed on the other side of that door, Beatrice shrieked in surprise.]

 

[“Impressive, Subaru!” Puck praised.]

 

Julius’ eyes widened. “You found her again that easily?”

 

“Subaru has a reeally high spirit affinity, remember?” Emilia smiled. “And it turns out that’s
especially the case when it comes to Beatrice.”

 

“So he was subconsciously following her everywhere…?” Julius felt himself breaking into a
grin. “He must have annoyed her to no end, doing that.”

 

“Oh you’d know all about being annoying, wouldn’t you…?!”

 

Beatrice huffed, crossing her arms. “For your information,” she declared. “My contractor is
the best kind of annoying, in fact.”

 



“Thanks, Beako.”

 

“…Big sis?” Garfiel whispered.

 

“—Ah.” Frederica shook herself. She hadn’t joined in with everyone else in laughing at the
amusing scene. She had been distracted by the fact that…

 

”It’s just,” she said. “It really was impressive of him, is all.”

 

”Obviously,” Garfiel grinned. “It’s Captain, after all!”

 

[“You are kicking up dust!” Beatrice shouted.]

 

["Well, you should've dusted it better, then!” Subaru was scolding Beatrice. “And you
don't bring cats into the library anyway! You get claw marks all over the covers!"]

 

["It's fine, Lia trims my claws really short—”]

 

“You trimmed his claws…?” Julius whispered to Emilia. The idea of someone trimming the
claws of the Beast of the End — sounded rather ridiculous, really.

 

“Mm-hm!” Emilia nodded, as if it were the most normal thing in the world. “I trimmed his
claws and brushed his fur, and he groomed my hair and dressed me in the morning, see…?”

 

Julius smiled. It sounded like the two of them had indeed had a very lovely relationship.

 

["If not friends,” Ram said mildly. “you certainly are birds of a feather."]

 



[In unison, Subaru and Beatrice both turned and shouted:]

 

[“ABSOLUTELY NOT!!"]

 

Ram crossed her arms proudly. Subaru and Beatrice both pouted in her direction.

 

She had been right, of course. Ram was always right.

 

["Hey, Ram-chi, I put on the outfit, but..."]

 

“Ram-chi,” Ram sighed, deflating slightly. Subaru grinned at her.

 

["Though I'd like to say something about how I've been addressed, is there something
wrong with..?" Ram blinked as she entered the room.]

 

Garfiel started laughing. “Oh, Captain!” Next to him, Otto tried to muffle his giggling.
Frederica attempted to hold it back, but even she wasn’t able to keep back her chuckles.

 

Julius did not laugh. Instead, he turned to where Subaru was sitting in his jar and smiled,
lying between his teeth: “I think you look lovely, Subaru!”

 

“Oh, shut up!”

 

”It is kind of a cute look,” Frederica smiled fondly. “He looks so young like this…”

 

Subaru huffed, crossing his arms and turning up his nose. Frederica started laughing once
more.

 



["Indeed there is,” Ram concluded. “Your shoulders, and also, your legs are too short."]

 

["You mean my height?!” Subaru retorted. “The shirt's fine, but the jacket's real tight
on the shoulders. I'm decently athletic, not that it gets me anywhere, but this super tight
top makes me look like a macho man here…"]

 

“Macho man,” Ricardo cackled. Julius covered his smile with his hand, and kindly didn’t
comment at all.

 

Subaru got the message anyway, throwing his hands upwards in despair.

 

[“We cannot have you working in such a sorry outfit,” Ram was saying. “It will bring
the manor's, and Lord Roswaal's, standards into question."]

 

["He dresses like that and he worries about standards?"]

 

Garfiel snickered. Ram shot him a glare.

 

“He has a point,” Otto said wryly.

 

“Be quiet,“ Ram ordered sternly. “Both of you.”

 

[Ram tilted her head slightly to show her displeasure. Subaru immediately shut up,
"zipping" his lips with his fingers.]

 

Crusch giggled. “At least Subaru is easy for them to discipline,” she teased.

 

“That is one of Barusu’s finer points, yes.”



 

["We can do nothing for what is inside,” Ram sighed. “But we can at least make you
look presentable… At any rate, let's leave the shortening of the legs for later and just fix
the top."]

 

[“Easier said than done, though?” Subaru frowned. “I don’t have any experience with
that, either…”]

 

[But with all my sewing experience…maybe I could manage anyway?]

 

Anastasia blinked. “Sewing experience?” she echoed.

 

Subaru pretended not to hear her.

 

["No need for concern,” Ram said. “Rem, come over here."]

 

["’Come over here’…?” Subaru repeated. “She's not gonna pop right in just 'cause
you..."]

 

["You called, Nee-sama?" Rem asked, appearing right beside him.]

 

[Subaru shrieked, jumping away from her in surprise.]

 

Ram started laughing. “Well done, Rem!” she praised.

 

“Ah—” Rem floundered. “Th-Thanks?” she answered, face slightly pink.

 

["What are you so surprised for?" Ram asked.]



 

["What are you so scared for?" Rem echoed.]

 

["I'm not s-scared!” Subaru defended, obviously still frazzled. “Just a little surprised!
That Twin Power thing's really something!"]

 

[Maybe it’s some kind of twin power like from those supernatural investigation shows,
where they can communicate with each other even when apart…?]

 

“That fantasy talk again, hm?” Julius sighed, smiling as he shook his head.

 

Reinhard pursed his lips thoughtfully, thinking of Flam and Grassis. “Well…” he said.

 

The Pearlbaton triplets shifted a bit. “Well…” they said.

 

Rem placed a hand against her chest. Somewhere inside her soul, she did feel towards Ram a
certain…

 

Was she just imagining it? She didn’t think so.

 

“The both of ya really liked bullying him, huh?” Anastasia was chuckling.

 

“Maybe that’s why Subaru likes Rem so much,” Ricardo cackled.

 

["Of course it is no such thing,” Ram denied, amused. “I spotted her happening to walk
by and called out to her. Perfect timing."]

 

["That last part sounds like it's rubbing it in somehow?"]



 

“Though of course, it was my sister’s own wit that allowed her to make such great use of
such a golden opportunity,” Ram nodded. “Ram is very proud.”

 

“Of course you’d be proud of that, Nee-sama…”

 

“She must have learned her bullying techniques from the best,” Otto sighed to himself,
shaking his head. He wondered if the Emilia Camp could really survive two personalities like
this.

 

—It wouldn’t be as bad as two Subaru-like personalities, however. Otto thanked the stars for
them managing to duck a situation like that.

 

["So what is it you need?” Rem asked. “I do not have much time to waste on Subaru-
kun."]

 



“Subaru-kun,” Rem echoed quietly. The name felt strange on her tongue, the suffix making it
even more so.

 

["That uncaring attitude really hurts, geez!” Subaru protested. “I'm the new guy! Be
gentle!"]

 

“I feel like you two saw an opportunity for a target and immediately pounced on it,” Crusch
commented wryly. Perhaps this was a lesson in what sorts of personalities could develop, if
your staff grew too bored with their routines.

 

Ram pretended not to hear her.

 

["Rem, surely you have noted Barusu's pathetic appearance?"]

 



[“His shoulders rotate oddly and his legs are too short,” Rem replied instantly. “Also,
his face is terrifying. And?"]

 

["You just had to poke at three things I can't do anything about!” Subaru cried. “It's
not like clothes; you can't change how your face looks no matter how hard you try!"]

 

“Wow, did you two not hold back!” Ricardo marveled. “Would’ve expected the kid to start
cryin’ at this rate, was that yer plan…?”

 

“Barusu wouldn’t cry from something like this,” Ram scoffed, rolling her eyes. It was his
thick skin, after all, that made him so fun to pester and banter with.

 

["Barusu, hand Rem your jacket,” Ram’s onscreen self ordered. “You will have to do
without it until tomorrow morning."]

 

["That's a big help, but...sure about this?” Subaru got serious for a second. “You've got
a mountain of work, right?" he asked.]

 

Rem blinked. That was — considerate.

 

["Of course, I am quite busy,” her onscreen self replied. “However, handing it over
saves time and trouble later."]

 

["Ahh, right. Please and thank you…”]

 

—Rem shook her head.

 

All of her most basic instincts were still screaming at her about this boy, after all: the other
shoe was going to drop eventually, she knew it.

 



[“I need to take your measurements,” Rem declared. “You can't take them yourself, can
you?”]

 

Ricardo and Ferris both made a show of cooing loudly. “Oooh—?”

 

“Oh shut up!” Subaru stuck out his tongue, trying to hide his blush. “It was a perfectly
normal and reasonable thing for her to do, okay?!”

 

“Perverts, all of you,” Ram sighed, shaking her head.

 

["…I feel sorry for making you go through all this trouble,” Subaru admitted.]

 

[“I do not mind,” Rem dismissed. “Someday, you shall repay me for this. With
interest."]

 

["That doesn't sound quite right, but you seem dead serious. So scary!"]

 

So she had been the transactional type, then? Rem watched her old self intently. What sort of
things would she have considered valuable enough to trade away her time for? Did she
normally trade away her time, or were there other things…?

 

Ram watched Rem think for a long moment before silently turning back to the meteor.

 

[Those changes of clothes for Roswaal makes this feel like a circus dressing room… What
poor taste.]

 

Ram scowled.

 

Garfiel snickered. Otto sighed, nodding in assent.



 

“Subaru is correct in manners of taste, in fact,” Beatrice declared. “…Most of the time.”

 

“Thanks, Beako.”

 

[Oh, but these flowery outfits over here…! Subaru’s eyes flickered to a collection of more
feminine clothes. That one I saw her wearing at the Royal Capital… These are definitely
for Emilia, then.]

 

["I'd love to have her model all of those, twirling around and showing them off..."
Subaru sighed.]

 

["What are you mumbling about?” Rem said sharply. “Get over here, please."]

 

Subaru tried not to look as embarrassed by this as he felt, even as Otto and Garfiel started
giggling again.

 

Ram pressed her lips together. Barusu always became useless, when he started fantasizing
about Lady Emilia in pretty dresses.

 

“Are we really just going to be hearing about Subaru’s fantasies this whole time—?” Julius
sighed, trying not to laugh.

 

“It could be so much worse,” Ricardo snickered. “Listening in on a teenage boy’s thoughts
about the girl he’s crushing on? Oh, Julius, it could be so much worse…”

 

Julius had to admit that Ricardo was correct about that much.

 

Wistfully, Frederica thought that it would be nice for a man to fantasize about her as such a
cute and feminine girl.



 

["Stand straight over there,” Rem was ordering. “Stretch out your arms so I can
measure your arms and shoulder height."]

 

["Okay, roger that. Thanks."]

 

Nearby, Wilhelm thought about what HIS mind had been like, back when he was Subaru’s
age and Theresia had been the light of his life — and wisely kept his mouth shut.

 

["…Please do not make strange noises, Subaru-kun. It is unpleasant."]

 

["I couldn't help that! This is tough on a guy on more than one level!"]

 

Ferris and Ricardo were laughing again.

 

“Nyormal and reasonable,” Ferris echoed, grinning widely. “Isn’t that right, Subaru-
kyun…?”

 

Subaru didn’t have anything he could say to that, so he buried his head in his arms instead.

 

["By the way,” Subaru said. “There's Ros-chi's and Emilia-tan's clothes in here, but I
don't see any dresses for you, Ram, or the loli. They in another room?"]

 

["Lady Beatrice changes her clothes in her private quarters,” Rem answered. “Nee-
sama and I do not wear clothes other than these, so we do not require different outfits.
We change in our own quarters."]

 

Crusch blinked. “You didn’t wear anything outside of your work uniforms?” she asked. She
sounded concerned.



 

That was — unusual. Crusch knew that her own servants had their own…

 

Perhaps it was one of the Margrave’s eccentricities? Though, if that were the case, Crusch
couldn’t say that she approved.

 

["You don't have any other kinds of outfits — so what, it's all maid outfits?” Subaru
tilted his head. “What about when you go out and days off?"]

 

["It is no hindrance to our work here at the manor or when accompanying Lord
Roswaal in public,” Rem answered simply. “I think it is a quite logical way to present
our status without need of an explanation."]

 

Rem frowned. Was that — how she had thought?

 

She looked down at her current state of dress: a simple blue nightgown, with little else to it.
This, and the maid outfit — had those been her only real clothes?

 

Rem…wasn’t sure how she felt about that.

 

["Logical ain't the point here...” Subaru frowned. “I think a beautiful girl has a duty to
wear pretty clothes and bring joy to others."]

 

Anastasia had to agree. It was the duty of a proper lady to look her best, in order to properly
motivate the men around her to do their best in her service. This was, simply put, the role of
women.

 

Women should be courageous and men should be charming. That saying was one that
Anastasia had followed all her life, as opposed to the common understanding that simply
stated that men had courage and women had charm. However, she had followed that saying
with the understanding that the courage of the woman should be used to bring out the charm



of the man, so that he may act his very best on her behalf as she courageously pursued her
goals. This view of her womanhood was, in large part, what had honed Anastasia’s
capabilities to the point of her becoming a worthy Candidate for the Royal Selection.

 

—And especially for someone as pretty as Rem, not capitalizing on her womanly beauty
through dress seemed like an awful waste.

 

["Nee-sama may be another matter.” Rem averted her eyes. “But no one would be
pleased were I to dress up."]

 

Rem blinked. Was that really how she had…?

 

Frederica watched the Rem onscreen sadly. Unlike her, Rem was an adorably cute and lovely
girls it wasn’t right, for someone like her to feel that she were lacking in charm.

 

["…Maybe I would?"]



Frederica leaned forward, hope sparking in her chest.

 

“Didn’t you have your eye on Emilia?” Felt sighed. “What are you doing, flirting with
everyone else in the mansion like this…?”

 

“I wasn’t trying to flirt!” Subaru denied hastily. “It’s just — Rem’s so pretty, and yet she
wasn’t doing anything with it? I thought it’d be nice for her to express herself some more,
that’s—!”

 

“Calling other girls pretty?” Anastasia teased. “Oh, Natsuki-kun~!”

 

“That’s boys for nyew,” Ferris giggled. “Boys are wolves, aren’t they…?”

 



Subaru gave up, burying his face in his hands once more.

 

["Would pleasing you do me any good, Subaru-kun?" Rem challenged.]

 

["It could boost my productivity as a manservant by making me take more pride in my
work at the Estate,” Subaru answered. “That's logical, isn't it?"]

 

Emilia tilted her head. “Is that how it works…?” she wondered aloud.

 

Garfiel shrugged. He couldn’t deny that he worked best when he knew that the beautiful Ram
was standing behind him, cheering him on.

 

“It is the typical pattern, yes,” Wilhelm said, thinking of how he and Theresia had eventually
settled into their perfect roles: a woman who loved flowers, and her sword who would fight
so that she could keep loving her flowers in her beautiful garden.

 

Anastasia nodded. For as stupid as Subaru could be at times, it seemed that he had a good
understanding of the value of this role.

 

—Ferris averted his eyes. It was that he disagreed, but…

 

His own failure to grow into a proper male weighed heavily upon his chest. It was what had
forced him to don women’s clothes, so that he could be of at least some use to Lady Crusch,
even with all that he lacked.

 

(And then Lady Crusch had gone from being able to fill the male and female role as a Royal
Candidate of Lugunica, to…)

 

(But she was still Lady Crusch, Ferris knew. And Ferris loved Lady Crusch. Even if Crusch
didn’t remember him, or Fourier, or their childhood pact at all.)



 

["I do not know why you would go so far as to say that, Subaru-kun,” Rem replied.]

 

["Even your hairstyles and outfits are the same!” Subaru complained. “Your
personalities are different so at least pick different clothes!“]

 

“Natsuki-san does get awfully passionate about clothing,” Otto sighed.

 

His memories of Natsumi Schwartz loomed at the back of his mind. He pushed them aside.

 

[“…Or something like that,” Subaru couldn’t help but comment. “I mean, the maid
outfits look good on you, and it does kind of work for twins like you girls…”]

 

“Pervert,” Ram said.

 

[She’s cute with room to spare — but she and Ram look almost exactly the same! Subaru
complained inwardly. I’d like to see some individuality, here, the essence of human
emotion…!]

 

“Cute with room to spare, eh?” Ricardo repeated, laughing.

 

“Keep your filthy mind away from my cute little sister, Barusu,” Ram warned lightly. “She
does not deserved to be defiled by the likes of you.”

 

“I feel like you’re presuming an awful lot, Nee-sama!”

 

Ram was about to give a retort, when—

 



["—ness."]

 

Ram faltered, her playfulness fading slightly at the sound of her little sister’s tone.

 

[Subaru blinked. "Eh?"]

 

["None of your business,” Rem said coldly. Subaru flinched backwards at the glacial
look in her eyes. “What is wrong with my being the same as Nee-sama?"]

 

Ram faltered. That…sounded like it had a history behind it. She wasn’t the only one who
noticed: the mirth within the rest of the theater had slowly ebbed, at the tone of the voice of
her onscreen self.

 

…What had her relationship with Rem really been like?

 

—Rem looked at the angry, angry look on her old self’s face, and realized that she didn’t
understand her at all.

 

["...Let us go back and not speak silly things.” Rem turned away. “I cannot leave Nee-
sama waiting any further, and there is a great deal you must learn, after all."]

 

Frederica felt disappointment welling up in her chest. But, more than that, she couldn’t stop
concern from swelling upwards at this unexpected behavior. 




What did Rem mean by…?

 

["That's being a little too into your big sister..." Subaru couldn’t help but mutter under
his breath.]

 

Rem…thought that she agreed with that, really.



 

Ram pressed her lips together. She wasn’t sure how she felt about this behavior, if she were
being honest.

 

[“I will re-stitch your jacket overnight and deliver it before morning once it is done,”
Rem was saying. But then, before she left…]

 

“What does that look mean, I wonder?” Beatrice frowned.

 

[Subaru poked Ram's shoulder. "Hey, what did Rem say to you with that eye-contact
thing just now?" he asked.]

 

["She said, 'Subaru gave me perverted glances when we were alone,’” Ram replied
instantly. “You beast."]

 

Rem…As much as she disliked this boy, she wasn’t sure she believed her sister, there.

 

["So you got that much from just th— Hey, don't back away, holding your shoulder like
that, it hurts my feelings!"]

 

“I really feel like you two were just waiting for an outlet, somehow,” Crusch sighed, shaking
her head.

 

She’d have to make sure her own staff didn’t get this bored, perhaps…

 

["You have now toured nearly all the manor,” Ram declared. “All that remains are the
gardens outside the buildings and the front yard between the manor and the gate. You
can see those later. Any questions so far?"]

 



["I know it’s no use saying this after it’s already over," Subaru frowned. “But shouldn’t
Emilia-tan be the one with me for the tour event…?”]

 

["If you have no questions, let’s get to your actual job." Ram didn’t bother dignifying
that with a proper response.]

 

“It really is just Lady Emilia bouncing around in that head of yours, isn’t it?” Rom chuckled.
“Never thinking of anything else…”

 

“Can nyew blame him?” Ferris grinned. “Lady Emilia is just so sweet, and kind, and pretty,
and the bestest girl in the whole wide—!”

 

“Can none of you leave me be?!”

 

[“You will be helping me with my work, Barusu,” Ram announced.]

 

[Subaru perked up, looking excited. “This must be where my hidden skill as a
manservant reveals itself…!” he exclaimed.]

 

Ferris didn’t even need to say anything, simply grinning widely at Subaru where he was
sitting in his jar.

 

Subaru was never going to live any of this down, was he?

 

Wilhelm chuckled, shaking his head. It was good, that Subaru was taking such pride in a role
as simple as that of a manservant.

 

[Ram didn’t dignify that with a response, either. “My work today involved caring for
the front yard and garden, helping to prepare lunch, polishing the silver, airing out the
futons, laundry…”]



 

[As the list grew and grew and grew, Subaru’s face appeared to grow heavy with dread.]

 

Julius giggled a little at the look on his face. Subaru scowled at him, but that just made it
harder for Julius to hold back his laughter.

 

“Looks like he wasn’t really aware of what he had gotten himself into, was he?” Anastasia
grinned.

 

Ram rolled her eyes.

 

["What's that Solartime you mentioned?" Subaru asked as they walked through the
hall.]

 

“Oh wow, that’s right,” Tivey suddenly recalled. “Subaru can’t tell the time.”

 

Mimi started laughing. “That’s right, that’s right!” she crowed. “Onii-chan doesn’t even know
how to— HA!”

 

“Don’t laugh at other people like that, Mimi,” Anastasia scolded lightly. “It’s not ladylike.”
Her lips curled upwards. “Even if it is very funny…”

 

Subaru pouted at the lot of them, his face red.

 

It was still worrying, Anastasia thought — but funny, all the same.

 

(Frederica winced. She had not been quite THAT unaware when she had first arrived at the
Mathers' Estate, but...she had been pretty close.)

 



["It's a little weird, but I guess it's just another clock,” Subaru mused, observing the
magic time crystal that Ram had pointed out. “How do I read it?"]

 

["Solartime is Wind Time from zero to six, then Fire Time for the next six. Lunartime
goes from Water Time to Earth Time—” Ram shook her head. “To not know this, are
you some kind of barbarian, Barusu?"]

 

["An actual barbarian wouldn't answer yes to that, you know?"]

 

“Isn’t that what you called me?” Rom grunted.

 

“Well, you DO look the part…”

 

Rom sighed. No wonder Subaru got into trouble all the time, with this being his usual
attitude.

 

["It's hard enough to train you for the job from scratch, but having so little common
sense…” Ram sighed. “When did I go from domestic help to animal trainer?”]

 

Ram understood the feeling. Though — at least the Subaru she had trained had known how to
read a time crystal. Perhaps she hadn’t realized just how good she had it.

 

["It's scary just to hear words like animal trainer, so maybe you could pick different
ones, Boss?" Subaru asked.]

 

[Ram's eyebrows twitched at being called “Boss.”]

 

Ram grimaced. At least THAT hadn’t become her nickname. She’d take even “Ram-chi” over
the likes of the crude, brutish-sounding “Boss.”

 



["By the way,” Subaru said. “There were only you two taking care of the place earlier,
but it wasn't gonna be like that forever, right? I mean, you had that maid who quit
before?"]

 

["...Lord Roswaal has relatives living at various lesser manors, so most of our
coworkers have come from there until now,” Ram answered carefully. “Rem and I work
here at the main residence so that we may attend to Lord Roswaal personally."]

 

It wasn’t uncommon, Wilhelm thought, for a nobleman to only have a couple of trusted
waitstaff in close proximity to themselves.

 

—Still: two for a manor this big was cutting it a little close, wasn’t it?

 

["Lord Roswaal is head of the Mathers family, so of course he lives at the main
residence,” Ram answered, when Subaru questioned her further. “And I say relatives,
but his relations with the other branches of the Mathers family are not particularly
deep."]

 

[Right, Subaru realized. As a nobleman, Roswaal probably has a complex relationship
with his family. Gotta keep that in mind, now that I’m working for him… Especially with
Emilia being a Royal Candidate and all.]

 

“Least he can intuit that much,” Anastasia nodded. Though she didn’t think Subaru had much
to worry about: she didn’t remember anything particular turbulent about the Mathers family
dynamics. If there were any issues there, they were well-hidden enough that they probably
wouldn’t cause any problems.

 

["Even if you're just looking after Ros-chi, this mansion's too huge for two people to
handle, right?” Subaru asked. “Can't you hire more people?"]

 

["Circumstances make that impossible at the moment,” Ram said firmly. “Also—” She
clapped her hands once. “The time for idle talk is over."]

 



The Royal Selection would make the need for scrutiny when hiring waitstaff monumentally
important, yes. Crusch couldn’t help but think that detail was the sort of thing that Subaru
should be made aware of, however.

 

—Unless Ram didn’t quite trust him yet, that was.

 

…That was to be expected, really, Crusch sighed. As harmless as they might know he was,
Subaru’s behavior was absurdly suspicious from an outside perspective. And even if that
wasn’t the case, they had all only known him for less than a day.

 

["Haven't worked like this before, but I feel really positive for some reason,” Subaru
commented as they went through their tasks. “I guess it's the beautiful-girl thing?"]

 

“Is flirting just your natural style of communication?” Felt wondered.

 

["Flattery will get you nothing,” Ram shot down. “No kindness, no mercy."]

 

["You should learn a little modesty from your little sister, geez…!”]

 

“There’s no need for modesty when you’re correct about your value,” Ram declared. “Ram
knows exactly what she is worth.”

 

“It’s an enviable attitude, I’ll admit,” Subaru said. Ram smirked in his direction.

 

[“Oww—!" Subaru yelped.]

 

The entire theater flinched violently at the sound of Subaru in pain.

 

“Subaru—?!” Emilia shouted, lurching forwards in her seat as her eyes widened in panic.



 

["That is what thoughtlessness gets you,” Ram scolded. “Basuru, do you know the
meaning of improvement?"]

 

["But this is the first time I've dealt with any tableware that's not chopsticks!" Subaru
lamented, sticking his cut finger into his mouth.]

 

Emilia sighed, slouching back in exhausted relief. Just a cooking mishap, she assured herself.
Thank goodness…

 

Ram tried not to look so much like he was recovering from a heart attack. “Stupid Barusu,”
she hissed out between her teeth.

 

Nearby, Julius was failing miserably at exactly that. I’m not sure how much of this I can
take…!

 

[“I understand me,” Subaru admitted. “But making your big sister peel stuff, too?
Where’s the dignity?”]

 

Subaru had not known about Ram's situation, but Frederica did. Frederica watched Rem's
posture carefully. Not that she was all that concerned, but just to be sure...

 

Rem frowned. Had she — been the type to bully her older sister?

 

…No, surely not. For one: Rem didn’t think that anyone could possibly bully someone like
Ram.

 

["We have worked and lived together a long time, so we divide work by our specialties,”
Ram dismissed. “This is not my place to shine."]

 



["I thought I heard earlier that she's better than you in every area, though?!"]

 

“What a thing to say to your direct superior!” Wilhelm laughed. Subaru was utterly fearless
sometimes, really.

 

Rem still couldn’t help but wonder: had that really been true?

 

[Ram does seem pretty experienced at peeling veggies, though…]

 

“Of course she is,” Hetaro frowned. “Isn’t she a live-in maid…?”

 

“Subaru isn’t very smart,” Tivey sighed. “Just let him figure it out.”

 

["Are both of you going to be done soon?" Rem asked.]

 

[Rem’s insane work ethic is putting the both of us to shame…! Subaru couldn’t help but
marvel. Off she is, making cooking feel like a type of highly polished performance — and
then there’s us two, doing menial work off in a corner.]

 

“Speak for yourself,” Ram said. “Ram is brilliant at such menial work. And Barusu,
meanwhile, is off cutting his fingers while peeling vegetables.”

 

“I walked right into that one,” Subaru admitted.

 

["As usual, Nee-sama,” Rem praised. “The sight of you peeling vegetables is worthy of a
painting."]

 

Frederica smiled, relaxing once more. Of course, there had been nothing for her to worry
about.



 

Rem blinked. If she spoke about her sister like that, then…

 

Well. At least bullying wasn’t a concern. Though, that level of admiration was…

 

“What is wrong with my being the same as Nee-sama?”

 

Rem supposed that she would have to wait and see where that went.

 

["Your favoritism is so obvious, it's refreshing!” Subaru exclaimed. “I'd love a comment
for the work I'm doing, too!"]

 

“I doubt it would be similarly complimentary,” Anastasia noted, staring at his shoddy
craftsmanship.

 

["I feel sorry for the farmer who grew those vegetables," Rem replied, confirming
Anastasia’s suspicions.]

 

["Stop, you're wounding me!"]

 

“You did ask for it,” Julius chuckled.

 

“Oh be quiet, jackass!”

 

["You handle a knife poorly, Barusu,” Ram suggested. “You're cutting yourself because
you're moving the knife, not the vegetable. When peeling, keep the knife steady and
rotate the vegetable around…”]

 



“I had to teach him how to use a knife…?” Ram sighed. Stupid Barusu, indeed. Frederica
chuckled.

 

["I will have you know,” Ram declared. “My specialty is steamed potatoes."]

 

“Steamed potatoes?” Tivey repeated, flat and unimpressed.

 

“Steamed potatoes?” Rem repeated, confused.

 

Ram preened. “Ram’s steamed potatoes are the best there is,” she declared. “I’ll be sure to
make you some once we’re done here, Rem — made special for my cute little sister.”

 

["You actually looked proud when you said that!” Subaru pouted. “Damn it, just watch.
My beloved blade Shooting Star—” A completely ordinary kitchen knife. “— will put
you in your place!"]

 

“Shooting Star?” Reinhard smiled. “I think that’s a lovely name for a kitchen knife, Subaru.”

 

“Oh be quiet,” Subaru muttered, face red. “All of you, just…”

 

“Oh, but nyew make it so easy, Subaru-kyun~!”

 

[Ram watched as Subaru did as she instructed, a look of pride in her eyes. Subaru
noticed, and softened up a little with genuine gratitude.]

 

Crusch smiled. Even if it was subtle, even if neither of them had said a word…

 

What a sweet, enviable moment that had just been.



 

[Subaru suddenly noticed that Rem was staring at him.]

 

[“What?” he asked. Then, lightheartedly, “If you stare at me like that I'm gonna start
blushing."]

 

Rem frowned, watching her own face quizzically.

 

[“She is staring at how pathetic you look, Barusu,” Ram declared. “In particular, your
head is quite lacking.”]

 

“His head?” Anastasia echoed. “Though, I wouldn’t disagree, really…”

 

“Hey!”

 

[Subaru frowned, tilting his head. "I thought this haircut was a lot better than it used to
be, though..." he murmured.]

 

“Ah,” Anastasia said. “That is what you meant.”

 

“Hey!”

 

["At the very least,” Ram denied. “It deserves a failing grade, given that you are a
servant... Right, Rem?"]

 

["...Ah, yes.” Rem blinked. “I suppose so,” she agreed. “It does seem just a tiny bit
lacking."]

 



["Looks like it really bothers you!” Subaru exclaimed. “Geez, sorry!"]

 

[And I took pride in styling my hair myself, too…!]

 

“Nyew style nyer hair yourself?” Ferris grinned.

 

“Been doing it since middle school!” Subaru answered proudly. “Have had this same style for
years — courtesy of Natsuki Kenichi!”

 

["…Incidentally,” Ram said. “Rem handles people's hair here at the manor. She dresses
me and does my hair every morning, you see?"]

 

Anastasia blinked. “Oh?” she said.

 

“Eh??” Crusch asked, eyes widening.

 

Frederica coughed lightly into her fist.

 

["Yeah, that's how you twins are the spitting image of...” Subaru suddenly realized what
she had just said. “Wait, that sounds wrong?"]

 

["It is exactly as you think, Barusu,” Ram confirmed.]

 

["Help out your little sister a bit, geez!"]

 

[Good-for-nothing older sister, and proud of it…!]

 



“You’re one to talk about being a good-for-nothing anything, Barusu,” Ram shot back.

 

“At least I was able to get dressed every morning by myself, Nee-sama!”

 

“Ha! The likes of you will never understand the bond between sisters…”

 

As they bickered, Rem tilted her head. So — that had been the nature of her and her older
sister’s relationship…?

 

It didn’t look like her old self had resented this. Had she hidden it well, or did she simply
enjoy caring for her sister just that much?

 

Rem wished she could remember which it was.

 

["Rem, would you mind giving Barusu's hair a little cut?" Ram asked, ignoring his
critique.]

 

["Now hold on,” Subaru said hastily. “Having a girl playing with my hair is really
gonna throw me off here!"]

 

“Aww, but doesn’t Subaru-kyun WANT a pretty girl to play with his hair?” Ferris cooed.
“And I’m sure it’s sooo fun to play with, too! All fluffy and soft…” His grin sharpened. “As
befitting a first-rate fur connoisseur like nyerself~!”

 

“You’re never gonna let that go, are you?!”

 

“Would nyew?”

 

The answer to that was “Definitely not,” but Subaru wasn’t about to admit that out loud.



 

[“Nee-sama…?” Rem asked uncertainly.]

 

["You were looking at Barusu because of his hair, yes?” Ram prodded.]

 

Rem frowned. Was that really true?

 

[“...Yes, that is correct,” Rem’s onscreen self appeared to decide. “A little combing and
styling would make it look much better."]

 

["You should let her do as she says, then,” Ram concluded. “Rem's hands are heavenly,
I assure you."]

 

["That makes it sound like a kind of perverted request, you know..."]

 

“Ha!” Ram scoffed. “You are the pervert for thinking any such thing, Barusu.”

 

“Right, right,” Subaru sighed. “Sorry for questioning you, Nee-sama…”

 

[I agree with Ram about wanting to close the distance between me and Rem, but…]

 

["If you don't want to, then you don't have to,” Subaru told Rem. “—I kind of hope you
do, though!"]

 

["No, not at all,” Rem sighed. “It is true that it bothers me just a little, very much, a
little, extremely, a little…”]

 

Ricardo coughed into his fist. “No mercy at all, eh?” he laughed.



 

Rem pressed her lips together. So — had she been the type of woman that got this disgruntled
over bad haircuts, then…?

 

But then, if looks had been so important to her — why hadn’t she cared about not having
more clothes than a simple maid uniform?

 

[Another blow to my confidence! Subaru lamented. And here I thought I was indulging in
my individuality, here…]

 

[“Ow!”]

 

Emilia flinched at the sound of his cry. “Subaru—!”

 

["Whoaa!” Subaru cried, looking down at his cut finger. “Oh man! It took off a little
—!"]

 

“Of course,” Ram sighed.

 

["It seems it is displeased to be called your ‘beloved knife,’” her onscreen self
commented. “Since your love is so one-sided, perhaps you should try calling it your
favorite knife instead?”]

 

“Harsh,” Rom laughed.

 

“Even inanimate objects look down upon Barusu,” Ram nodded. “That makes perfect sense.”

 

["Nee-sama, the water is boiling, so let's put in the vegetables you cut—”]

 



["You two love hazing the new guy, don't you?!"]

 

[Their prioritizing of the work is admirable, Subaru admitted. But I can’t find it in me to
praise it right now!]

 

They really did have fun bullying him, didn’t they?

 

Ferris knew that he wasn’t really one to talk, though. After all, bullying Subaru-kyun was just
so much fun…!

 

["So tired!" Subaru groaned, flopping backwards onto his new bed in the servants’
quarters, back in his usual tracksuit.]

 

Frederica grinned. She sure did remember THAT feeling.

 

“Overdramatic much?” Anastasia teased. “One day of work, and yer already…”

 

“It was hard work, okay? And I wasn’t used to it at all!”

 

[“It’s much more frugal than the guest room,” Subaru was saying about his new room.
"Well, the expensive stuff is really stifling, so this is ay-okay with me... And this pillow is
definitely still up to high class standards…!”]

 

“It’s only natural that the guest room would have fancier, more expensive things than the
servants’ quarters,” Wilhelm commented. “It’s nice to see that Subaru wasn’t really bothered
by the change…”

 

“Hey, everything was still pretty nice, wasn’t it?” Subaru countered. “It was still pretty
luxurious, as far as I see it!”

 



[“I’ll use my tracksuit as my pajamas,” his onscreen self was deciding. “I’m more
comfortable in those older clothes, anyways…”]

 

Anastasia pressed her lips together. The idea of expensive luxuries being stifling was one that
she found ludicrous: it was the right of a person to seek out the finest things in life that they
could find, after all. To be satisfied with anything less than the best of the best was…

 

But, she sighed. Subaru certainly did seem satisfied, with what he had been given. Beyond
satisfied, even.

 

["Man, they worked me to the bone,” Subaru sighed. “Work's hard work. I seriously
get why Dad and everyone else are so awesome in the working world. Even one day of
this is nothing to sneeze at…”]

 

So Subaru hadn’t quite entered the usual work force, back home? Reinhard wondered how he
had spent his time, then.

 

—What kind of “working world” actually existed, back where Subaru had come from?

 

“Oh, don’t be a baby!” Mimi was scolding, hands on her hips. “It’s just a day of doing
chores, that’s nothing!”

 

“You never do your chores, Onee-chan.”

 

“Yeah, you always make me and Tivey…”

 

Mimi pretended like she hadn’t heard either of them at all.

 

[But I’m still a little depressed about what a bad job I did, Subaru lamented. The saving
grace was probably…]



 

[“Ram is blunt and to the point,” Subaru noted. “But she’s gentler and more polite than
I expected, really…”]

 

“The sweet and brilliant Ram is exceptionally gentle and polite when the situation calls for
it,” Ram agreed, folding her arms across her chest and lifting up her chin proudly.

 

“You could stand to be a little more humble, Nee-sama.”

 

“Ram is already plenty humble,” Ram dismissed easily. “If you cannot recognize it when you
see it, Barusu, then that is on you.”

 

[There was a knock at the door. Subaru raised his head. “Ah?”]

 

["It's Rem,” Rem’s voice answered. “Subaru-kun, is now a good time?"]

 

Rem found herself leaning forward slightly.

 

At this point, Rem had seen almost an entire day’s worth of her old self. How she had
dressed, how she had spoken, how she had worked. And yet, she still didn’t feel like she
knew a thing about the person she had been.

 

What had she been thinking, in those moments when she watched that boy from across the
room? Where did she get the strength to work as hard as she did, as the chief maid of the
Mathers Estate? Was she happy here, with her lot in life? What had she wanted? Had she
wanted much at all?

 

Who was this person, really?

 

[“Sure, sure,” Subaru replied. “I'm not doing anything weird, so come on in!”]



 

“Awful way to say that,” Felt sighed. “Ya really love making yourself look as bad as possible,
don’t you, Big Bro…?”

 

[“That makes it sound more suspicious rather than less, but pardon me.” Rem opened
the door.]

 

Rem blinked. “Wait— already?” she asked.

 

["Wait.” Subaru spotted the black jacket that Rem was carrying in her hands. “You
don’t mean you’re done already?” he echoed in disbelief. “This redefines the words ‘fast
job’…"]

 

Frederica blinked. He really was correct about that. To do something like that in so little
time...

 

“Of course you managed it,” Ram dismissed, smirking. “You’re my cute little sister. It only
makes sense that you’d be this amazing, Rem.”

 

Perhaps she should have felt warm and grateful for the compliment, but—

 

Rem watched the meteor, silent. So this was the kind of person she…?

 

["It is nothing so grand as re-tailoring it altogether,” Rem dismissed. “I would have to
take more care if it were one of Lord Roswaal's outfits, but this will do for you."]

 

Frederica managed to hold back her snort of laughter. Oh.

 

["That made it sound like you, um, really cut corners?"]



 

—Had Rem been the type to cut corners, when she didn’t think that she would be penalized
for doing so? Perhaps that was how she handled doing so much work around the Mathers
Estate: a good sense of what needed to be prioritized and what did not.

 

But, Rem couldn’t help but think that this impression didn’t really add up. Because—

 

“It sure doesn’t look like she cut any corners, though,” Anastasia mused.

 

["I hate to admit it, but you did it perfectly,” Subaru agreed, having tried it on. “My
arms can go round and round... Ah, does it look good on me?"]

 

...Or perhaps she hadn't actually cut corners, Frederica reassessed. She tilted her head. Just
how skilled had Rem...?

 

["When combined with the rarity of your gray-colored clothing, nobody else's strange
outfits could compare."]

 

["Okay, that didn't sound like a compliment. Guess even I can tell that much!"]

 

[It’s a natural assessment, having a manservant’s jacket over a T-shirt like this, Subaru
sighed inwardly. Probably takes a considerable amount of effort not to laugh…]

 

“It’s definyetly a unique look, Subaru-kyun,” Ferris giggled.

 

“I know, I know, you can shut up now!”

 

[“What should we do about the cuffs?” Rem asked.]

 



["Cuffs... Ah, you mean for the pants.” Subaru winced. “Crap,” he admitted. “I
forgot.”]

 

“Useless Barusu,” Ram sighed.

 

[“With a needle and thread I could do it myself, though…”]

 

["I have brought some with me,” Rem said. “Shall I adjust them now?"]

 

…After doing so much work all day, and to such an impressive extent, she was offering to do
even more?

 

Rem wondered if she, as she was right now, would be able to…

 

She didn’t know if she wished that she was still this remarkable woman, or if she was glad
that she wasn’t quite so much of a busybody anymore. Or — perhaps she was this woman
still, and she just didn’t…

 

["Okay, hand the needle and thread over here,” Subaru grinned, outstretching a hand.
“My sewing skills are gonna get a whole new grade today!"]

 

["I should expect more from the person who had showed such dexterity while struggling
to peel vegetables for dinner today?" Rem asked.]

 

“You’d be surprised, Rem,” Ram murmured to her sister, who seemed as though she were
having similar thoughts. Rem turned to face her, tilting her head. “As useless as Barusu may
be in every other area…”

 

["Keh-keh, underestimate me while you can.” Subaru brushed her comments off with
ease. “And by all means, prepare to be shocked!"]



 

Rem watched the screen intently as the foul-smelling boy got to work, expertly wielding the
needle and thread as if he had done it one thousand times before. She blinked.

 

Of all the skills Rem would have expected someone like him to have, this wasn’t one of
them. But, even she had to admit…

 

["...I am shocked,” Rem’s onscreen self agreed, watching Subaru hum a tune as he
worked. “You really do have experience."]

 

[Subaru preened at the rare compliment.]

 

…What exactly had their relationship been like?

 

Rem felt something empty pang inside her chest. She tried to shake it off the best she could,
but remnants of it lingered regardless.

 

["Ah...” Rem pressed her lips together. “Subaru, about the conversation at
noontime..."]

 

["Mm, noon?” Subaru paused. “Noon, what happened then?"]

 

[—Rem shook her head. “Er, if you have forgotten, it's quite all right,” she said.]

 

Was Rem the kind of person who wouldn’t press, if she had the option to let sleeping dogs
lie? The Rem in the present moment wondered if she would behave in a similar way — or if
she’d choose to press onwards instead.

 

["Oh, about the hair?” Subaru recalled. “I half thought that was a joke. You gonna do
it?"]



 

["No,” Rem said. “I just thought that I said somethings that were rather —
inappropriate. You may be a coworker, but you are also Lady Emilia's savior, so our
positions are different."]

 

So that was the kind of thing that bothered Rem, back then…

 

Crusch tilted her head. “That is true,” she commented. “It can be difficult to remember thanks
to Subaru’s demeanor, but…”

 

“And yet,” Julius sighed. “I somehow doubt that Subaru himself ever even considered it a
possible factor.”

 

["That kind of stiff attitude will just crimp my style...” Subaru confirmed, shifting a
little uneasily. “—Wait, that's what you think?"]

 

[So, she can’t treat me as a simple coworker…?]

 

“Aww, does Subaru-kyun feel better if his coworkers are insulting him all the time??” Ferris
cooed.

 

“Masochist,” Ram sighed, rolling her eyes.

 

“You two KNOW that’s not what I meant, here—!”

 

—They were joking about it to keep the atmosphere light, but Reinhard couldn’t help feeling
sad.

 

The Sword Saint knew exactly the kind of feeling Subaru was talking about, after all,
possibly more intimately than anyone else in the room. No doubt they had all picked up on it



just fine, but for Reinhard…

 

It would be nice, he thought, to be treated as a simple coworker.

 

["To be honest, I'm not good at picking up on stuff like that,” Subaru said, awkwardly
tugging at his hair. “ Sorry to…. make you worry about it.”]

 

Anastasia suddenly thought of something.

 

“Natsuki— did these sorts of relationships exist, back where you came from?” she asked.
“Master and servant, noble and commoner — those hierarchies?”

 

Subaru laughed .

 

Reinhard’s eyes grew round.

 

“Not for a long, long time!” Subaru grinned, dismissing it with a wave of his hand. “Sure,
there were — like — ya gotta respect your elders, and the people who are better at your job
than you are and all, but — none of the rigid hierarchy labels that exist here. Not for a good
— couple centuries, I think…?”

 

“That explains a lot,” Julius noted.

 

“That sounds like anarchy,” Crusch frowned.

 

“That sounds like an amazing place,” Felt grinned.

 

This was why Subaru had so quickly become one of Reinhard’s greatest friends. Titles,
status, nobility, none of it mattered as far as he was concerned. To Subaru, everyone around



him was on the level of a simple coworker.

 

Reinhard exhaled slowly. “I’d like to see such a place, someday…”

 

[“No,” Rem dismissed. “I am simply saying it cannot be helped. Please forget about it."]

 

Julius frowned. “I can’t see Subaru just accepting a response like that,” he said.

 

["I can't just let that go so easily,” Subaru replied, confirming Julius’ thoughts. “People
are petty like that. Now, then..."]

 

[Rem doesn’t really seem regretful about her slip of the tongue as much as she’s just —
chastened, Subaru noted. Alright, in that case…]

 

["Okay, I'll give you my one condition,” Subaru offered, lifting up a finger. “If you're
okay with that, I'll totally forget what you just said."]

 

Rem stiffened. A condition…?

 

["Condition...you say?” Rem closed her eyes and nodded, a look of resignation on her
face. “I understand. I will hear you out."]

 

Rem braced herself.

 

“My poor sister,” Ram lamented. “At the mercy of filthy Barusu…”

 

For all of her talk, however…she didn’t seem all that worried.

 



["If you fix up my hair and give it a little brushing,” Subaru declared. “I'll forgive
you."]

 

…Rem blinked.

 

Felt snorted. “That sure is one way to tackle that problem,” she grinned.

 

“It’s very clumsy, though,” Anastasia said wryly. “His motives are so obvious.”

 

Frederica held back a laugh.

 

["…The silence is kind of painful to me here, you know,” Subaru commented.]

 

“I think the open honesty is why it works,” Crusch dismissed. “He certainly isn’t hiding
anything, when he’s like this…”

 

["Lady Emilia already pointed this out, but you desire very little, Subaru."]

 

Anastasia privately agreed: Subaru was a surprisingly unambitious person.

 

She wasn’t sure how she felt about that, really. On one had, it was in Anastasia’s nature to
look down on those who refused to turn their gazes up to the stars. But on the other…

 

Well. It didn’t look like Subaru was simply resigned to an unsatisfactory lot in life.

 

["That's weird,” Subaru frowned, a little disappointed. “I thought we'd be making up
instead of you getting all shocked like that..."]

 



On the contrary, Subaru looked very, very happy with the little things that he had acquired for
himself.

 

["As I have heard from Nee-sama how you gave her perverted looks when you were
alone,” Rem said. “I was rather resigned to something less decent."]

 

“Ha!” Ram folded her arms, smirking.

 

[Subaru balked. "Slander's a horrible thing!”]

 

[I’ll need to establish a direct lifeline with Emilia before she starts drawing the wrong
conclusions at this rate…!]

 

“I’d know better than to think that of you, Subaru,” Emilia frowned. “I know that you’re a
good boy…!”

 

“E-Emilia…!”

 

—Rem frowned. Had she really been resigned to…?

 

Or perhaps that had been a joke. It was hard to tell.

 

What kind of person had she been, back…?

 

["I accept your condition,” Rem decided, giving a prim and proper bow. “I shall go
along with your idea."]

 

[Subaru laughed.]



 

…Just who had Rem been, back then?

 

["Hey, I wrapped up shortening the legs while we were talking.” Subaru held up his
work with pride. “I did it right, huh?"]

 

["...Yes, you did. You get full marks for sewing.” Rem nodded. “But much like yourself,
I do not think it will be of use, Subaru."]

 

["Huh?! I thought we just made up here?!"]

 

“You two really can’t give him a break at all, can you?” Felt snickered. “Poor Big Bro…”

 

“I think he prefers it this way,” Rom chuckled.

 

[“So, about my hair…when do you wanna do it?” Subaru was asking. “It’s tough to do
it today cause it’s so late.”]

 

["That is true,” Rem nodded. “I would like to get it done as soon as possible, but I will
be working in the evening for several days..unfortunately."]

 

["We'll just have to make the time,” Subaru grinned. “Man, it's really been a while
since I had my hair styled!"]

 

[I’ve been cutting his own hair since I first got into middle school nearly five years ago, he
reflected. I’m good enough to do it by touch without using a mirror, at this point…]

 

“That’s kind of impressive,” Anastasia commented. Subaru preened slightly at the praise.

 



“It would explain why Barusu’s hair always looks so shoddy,” Ram commented wryly.

 

Subaru wasn’t bothered by this comment in the slightest. “I could start cutting your hair too if
you need the help, Nee-sama,” he offered.

 

“Keep Ram out of your fantasies, pervert.”

 

“You’re the pervert if you think an offer like that is a dirty one…!”

 

["Well then, it is getting late, so I will excuse myself.” Rem stood up. “You will be
working in the morning as well. Can you wake up on time on your own?"]

 

["Honestly, not all that sure there,” Subaru admitted. “I'm good at waking up if I have
an alarm clock, but there's nothing like that here, so maybe not? Don't you have
roosters or something?"]

 

“You couldn’t even wake yourself up on time?” Julius asked crossly. “That’s quite the burden
to place on your superiors.”

 

“I never had to before!” Subaru defended, face turning pink. “It’s not my fault it wasn’t a
normal concern back home! Would you leave me alone?!”

 

[“...This seems severe,” Rem said delicately. “So Nee-sama or I shall wake you in the
morning."]

 

["Seriously?” Subaru blinked. “I feel bad to use my seniors in place of a clock, but..."]

 

“Useless,” Ram said, rolling her eyes. She hadn’t needed to wake him up herself that often, in
her memories — but it was annoying, the times when she did.

 



["It shall do us no good to have you sleep into the afternoon, after all,” Rem pointed
out.]

 

["What kind of oversleeper do you take me for?!"]

 

["Someone who could sleep away the entire day, I imagine?" Rem said, in a dry sort of
voice.]

 

Frederica blinked, surprised.

 

“…Oh!” Garfiel’s eyes widened. “That was a joke!”

 

Rem was the kind of person where it could be difficult to tell, really.

 

“Natsuki-san did walk right into that one,” Otto chuckled. “Laid the trap for himself and
everything…”

 

["Whatever comes out of their mouths,” Subaru murmured, once he had been left
alone. “They’re sisters through and through, huh."]

 

[Rem is superficially polite as she slips in the dagger, and Ram is arrogant, he reflected.
But just the same, they’re both considerate to the point of overbearing.]

 

Ram’s heart softened a bit, at that conclusion.

 

“You really did get along right way, I suppose,” Beatrice said softly. She felt — a little bit
sad, somehow.

 

[Subaru smiled. …I think that trait is highly desirable in coworkers, myself.]



 

“Isn’t that sweet?” Ferris grinned.

 

Subaru huffed, turning away with a blush on his face.

 

It was nice, Emilia thought, to see that Subaru had gotten along so well with Rem and Ram
from the very start.

 

[Subaru didn’t improve much, during his next day as a manservant of the Mathers
Estate.]

 

[Some things he did perfectly fine, such as enthusiastically wiping down Roswaal’s
study.]

 

“Look at nyew, all excited and proud to be a good little worker!” Ferris cooed. “Don’t nyew
just look adornyable~”

 

“Would you just be quiet already?!”

 

[But then there were moments where he dropped a plate in a full sink so that the water
splashed all over himself and the floor—]

 

“How could anyone mess up doing the dishes?” Mimi laughed, alongside everyone else.

 

Tivey glanced in her direction and decided not to say anything.

 

[Mopping the bathing room, and then promptly slipping on the wet tiles hard enough to
send himself careening into the wall—]

 



“How can anyone mess up wiping the floor?!” Otto demanded.

 

“I mean…” Garfiel grinned.

 

Otto turned red. “I was— I had a migraine that morning!” he protested. “That doesn’t count!
Give me a break!”

 

“Yeah, cause you were hungover.”

 

“I was not!”

 

[Burning himself with the hot water while doing laundry—]

 

“There are worse things to expect,” Ricardo grinned. “Ordering a boy to do a pretty girl’s
laundry…”

 

“Subaru wouldn’t do anything like that!” Emilia protested. “Subaru is a good boy!”

 

[Cutting himself with gardening shears while pruning the brushes in the garden—]

 

Wilhelm winced, chuckling. He remembered doing something similar, the few times he had
attempted to help his wife care for her beloved flowers.

 

[Ram watched over him the whole time, face impassive as he screwed up again, and
again, and again.]

 

“Poor Ram,” Anastasia giggled. “Given such a useless servant to look after…”

 



Ram gave a long-suffering sigh in response. Subaru pouted at her.

 

But, Crusch couldn’t help but think: at least Subaru had genuinely been trying his best. That
sort of integrity and enthusiasm was what mattered most among workers, as far as she was
concerned.

 

[“...Barusu, wake up. It’s morning.”]

 

"Rem and Nee-sama really did have to make a habit of waking me up practically every
morning back then," Subaru admitted, at the questioning looks thrown his way. "And this
morning, specifically, was right after I had stayed up all night playing with Puck. I really did
make you two a bunch of trouble, back when..."

 

"Don't flatter yourself," Ram replied. "You never stopped making trouble for us, Barusu."

 

[“You’re not much help, but at least it doesn’t take much to wake you up,” Ram
commented wryly.]

 

[Subaru grumbled something, rubbing his eyes.]

 

Well, Rem sighed quietly. At least there was that.

 

“One of Barusu’s few strong points,” Ram said wryly. “For such an oaf, he’s not hard to
shake into action if we really, really need him.”

 

[“Come now, stop dozing off and get changed,” Ram ordered, setting down a change of
clothes beside him on the bed. “If you keep causing me trouble, I’ll report it to Roswaal-
sama and your position will be taken away.”]

 

[“Can’t we at least say ‘Good Morning’ or something…?” Subaru yawned.]



 

“No wonder she's so annoyed," Felt grinned. "If you were really doing this to her every
morning..."

 

“The boy did kinda earn that treatment,” Rom grunted, amused.

 

—Reinhard frowned. “Does Subaru’s manservant uniform look different than usual…?” he
wondered aloud.

 

[“Get changed, and meet up with us promptly,” Ram ordered, already on her way out
the door. “Don’t even think about something as foolish as going back to sleep.”]

 

Frederica choked. That familiar uniform—!

 

[“What on earth are you saying to a hard-working man like me?” Subaru retorted
tiredly, giving a sleepy salute. “I’ll be right there, ma’am.”]

 

[Ram’s expression was somewhat indecipherable. “...Be quick,” she said, and then she
was gone.]

 

“—Ah, I don’t need to see that!” Crusch squawked, hastily moving to cover her eyes as
Subaru started to strip himself of his tracksuit.

 

Subaru shrieked. “Wait, they’re showing—?! Hey, I didn’t consent to this at all, here—!”

 

“This really is too much—!” Ram agreed hastily, recoiling from the screen.

 

“Not fair at all—!” Rem echoed, momentarily forgetting that she was supposed to be
maintaining a sense of wariness and hostility towards the boy onscreen. “I didn’t want to—
That’s so—!”



 

“I’m not looking!” Emilia cried out hastily, having pressed both of her palms firmly against
her eyelids. “I’m not looking, Subaru, I’m not looking!”

 

“That really is—!” Felt suddenly blinked. “Wait a minute,” she said. “—Wait a minute, is that
—?!”

 

“Oh,” Reinhard said. “That…is quite the prank.”

 

“It really is…” Julius suddenly gasped. “He’s NOT—!”

 

“He IS!” Ferris exclaimed, a huge grin breaking over his face. “Od Laguna, oh Subaru-kyun
—!”

 

Mimi started laughing.

 

“He doesn’t even realize it?!” Hetaro cried, eyes wide as he watched Subaru’s sleepy self put
on the uniform. “He has no idea what he—!”

 

Tivey frowned. “He seems like he knows what to do awfully well…”

 

“He really does, actu— Od Laguna he’s actually going to leave his room like that,” Anastasia
realized, her eyes wide. “He genuinely has no idea what—!”

 

[“There you are, Baru…”]

 

“Eh…” Emilia cautiously opened her eyes. “…Eh??”

 



[Ram’s voice gave out as she caught sight of the result of her decisions, which had
worked out far better than she ever could have guessed.]

 

[“Oh, Subaru-kun? Good morning. Let’s work hard today…” Rem’s eyes landed on her
sister’s creation, and she froze.]

 

[Subaru looked back at them, looking very, very confused.]

 

“How has he not realize it yet…?” Felt marveled.

 

“Subaru’s ability to remain ignorant of the obvious really is something,” Julius commented,
sighing.

 

[Why do they look so shocked? Subaru was wondering. Did I put something on wrong? —
Skirt’s in place, the sleeve cuffs are billowing properly, apron is straight, ribbon is done up
properly…]

 

“He really did do a good job,” Anastasia sighed. “And while half-asleep, too…”

 

Crusch frowned. “He really did do a…”

 

Felt tilted her head in consideration.

 

[Maybe the hair ornament isn’t on quite right—? Subaru started reaching up to fiddle
with it, and it was only then that he finally realized what was wrong.]

 

[“Why am I dressed up in a maid outfit?!”]

 

[Rem and Rem both burst out laughing.]



 

“And there it is!” Ferris crowed.

 

“Took ya a while to catch on, didn’t it, kid?” Ricardo grinned.

 

“Oh be quiet, all of you!” Subaru retorted, face bright red. “Would any of you have expected
—?! Well, I guess Ferris would have, but that’s a whole other—!”

 

—Emilia was frowning at the meteor. “That’s reeally not nice, you two…” she scolded.

 

Frederica was thinking something similar, and yet very, very different. "You really did give
him MY uniform, didn't you?!" she cried.

 

[“Even if they were sleepy, someone would normally notice something like that while
getting dressed,” Ram commented.]

 

[“For you to dress up in the entire thing and come all the way to the meeting spot… I
have to wonder if that’s one of your hobbies,” Rem teased.]

 

“You really would think so, wouldn’t ya?” Ricardo teased. “Ya did such a good job, didn’t ya,
kid…?”

 

“It really is impressive,” Ferris grinned. “What a good job you did, Subaru-kyun!”

 

Julius frowned. Crossdressing is actually one of my special talents, he remembered Subaru
thinking to himself earlier.

 

…Huh.

 



—In the present moment, Ram sighed. Yes, she answered her younger sister’s older self
inwardly. Yes, it is.

 

[“Is there anything else you’d like to tell me?” Subaru muttered, folding his arms with a
pout.]

 

[“Hmm, yes,” Ram smiled. “It seems that Frederica’s clothing fits you perfectly. It’s just
as Ram suspected.”]

 

[“Nee-sama is impressive as always,” Rem giggled. “Rem can’t help but admire her
courtesy.”]

 

“Ya gave him Big Sis’ old uniform?!” Garfiel cackled, already turning to needle Frederica.
“Oh, did you know about—”

 

His smile faded slightly when he remembered that no, she wouldn’t know about this at all.

 

—Subaru didn’t like that look on Garfiel’s face one bit.

 

“Fine!” he exclaimed loudly, theatrically throwing his hands up in the air. “Go on, laugh it
up, the lot of you! Milk it for all its worth, why don’t you?!”

 

Garfiel shook himself, resuming his former state the best he could. “Ya sure know how to
dress yourself up all pretty, Captain,” he teased. “I don’t think any of us could ever beat ya in
this field here…!”

 

“I’m gonna lose all the pride I have left at this rate…!” Subaru moaned, clutching his burning
face in agony.

 

(He hid the twinge of relief he felt, at Garfiel’s laughing face.)



 

[“That’s not the problem here! And I’m not asking if it looks good on me or not!”
Subaru pointed his finger accusingly at Rem and Ram. “This is a social issue!” he
declared. “The senior maids are making fun of the junior maid here!”]

 

“Junyior maid?” Ferris repeated teasingly.

 

[“You’re thinking of yourself as a maid, then?” Ram teased. “Truly impressive,
Barusu.”]

 

[“It seems you really do enjoy seeing yourself that way…” Rem whispered, holding a
hand to her mouth.]

 

—Neither of them realized how correct that assumption really was, Otto sighed. He
remembered what Subaru had been like, that night at Gwain’s party. Dressed as the beautiful
Natsumi Schwartz, Subaru had been having nothing short of the time of his life…

 

Garfiel snickered quietly to himself. He remembered that, too.

 

Ram hadn’t been there with them, but she remembered what Subaru had been like before the
three of them had left. She sighed, feeling somewhat exhausted as she sunk backwards into
her seat.

 

Frederica pinched the bridge of her nose, thinking of the same night. "So that whole scene
was your fault, then, Ram?" she muttered.

 

"Hush."

 

[“Oh, forget it!” Subaru threw up his hands. “I’m going back to my room to change!”]

 



[“See here, Barusu,” Ram giggled. “You’re already dressed; where do you think you’re
going?”]

 

“You’re gonna make him get to work in a getup like that?!” Crusch asked, her eyes going
wide.

 

Ferris, who couldn’t be talked out of his more feminine getup, was one thing. But for most
young men, this—

 

“That’s so mean,” Ferris cackled. “Nyew two really do like bullying Subaru-kyun, hmm~?
Though…” He grinned. “It’s nyot like Ferri-chan disagrees.”

 

“All of you are sadists, you know that?!”

 

[“I thought that before showing such a horrible sight to everyone, I would return to my
room and cry,” Subaru lamented.]

 

“Nyaww, don’t cry! Subaru-kyun looks so CUTE when he’s all dolled up like this~!”

 

Ferris suddenly blinked at Subaru’s unexpected reaction to that statement. Then a wide smile
broke over his face anew. “Wait — does Subaru-kyun like it when Ferri-chan calls him cute
—?!”

 

“No I don’t?! Just shut up already, you mangy furball—!”

 

[“That won’t do at all.” Ram shook her head. “We’ve already wasted precious time this
morning. We really can’t afford to lose any more.”]

 

[“The time we lost was all thanks to the two of you looking at me and laughing it up,
wasn’t it?” Subaru pointed out. Rem and Ram both blinked out, faces innocent and
angelic.]



 

“You can’t blame us for laughing, Barusu,” Ram said flatly, the corner of her mouth
twitching upwards. “You look utterly ridiculous.”

 

“I know…” Subaru agreed with a groan.

 

(It wasn’t a flattering cut — but even that may not have been a dealbreaker if he’d just had
TIME. Because he had been half-asleep and unaware of what exactly he had been putting on,
he hadn’t even had the chance to really, truly commit to the look…!)

 

"I'm not giving you my uniform, Subaru-sama!" Frederica hissed frantically, keeping her
voice quiet enough that only he could hear it. "Wipe that look off of your face this instant!"

 

[“Anyways, I’m gonna get changed,” Subaru was sighing. “If I go now, I’ll get by with
only being embarrassed by you two. I can’t even imagine letting Emilia-tan see me like
this. It would be way beyond embarrassing.”]

 

[“You’re saying that, but it’s your first time tasting the unfamiliar feeling of a skirt…”
Ram pointed out, grinning.]

 

Why was she encouraging this?! Ram wanted to groan aloud. She never would have done this
if she had known…!

 

But Natsumi Schwartz had been let out of the bag at some point, and now there seemed to be
no putting her back.

 

[“Yes, yes, I could really get used to the feeling of freedom...not!” Subaru started back
up the stairs. “Alright, this will be our secret, just ours,” he declared. “—I’m begging
you, please never speak of it again.”]

 



[“Losing your nerve halfway through,” Ram mused. “That is certainly your style,
Barusu.”]

 

[“I don’t even have a reply for your poison tongue right now. So please, keep it a
secret.”]

 

“Aww, doesn’t cute little Subaru-chan wannya be paraded around in her pretty dress??” Ferris
teased. “She looks so very adornyable, after all~!”

 

“What is WITH you—?!”

 

[“Keep what a secret?”]

 

Frederica gasped.

 

“Oh no,” Wilhelm winced sympathetically, the corner of his mouth twitching.

 

“Oh, NYES!” Ferris cackled even harder, nearly falling over under the force of his laughter.
“What perfect timing—!”

 

[“Keep up with the conversation here,” Subaru retorted, having not yet realized who
had spoken. “I’m talking about the fact that I was half-asleep, dressed up as a maid and
paraded around…”]

 

[Upon catching sight of Emilia at the top of the stairs, Subaru froze.]

 

[“…Umm… I’m sorry,” Emilia said. “I’m not sure what to say in this sort of
situation.”]

 



“It really isn’t a flattering cut,” Emilia sighed in the present moment. “You could have chosen
a number of dresses that would have been much cuter on him, you two…”

 

Ram sputtered. “Lady Emilia — that’s your response to this scene?!” she demanded.

 

“Hm?” Emilia blinked back at her, a little confused.

 

[Subaru wilted, giving up. “You might as well laugh with the rest of them,” he
lamented.]

 

[“I’m sorry.” Emilia tilted her head. “It’s not really amusing enough to laugh.”]

 

“That feels so much worse, somehow,” Otto gasped.

 

“Captain really kept trying after this…?” Garfiel marveled, a huge smile on his face.

 

[Is the whole world out to get me?! Subaru wailed inwardly. What is up with this
situation?! Having the girl I like see me in an unflattering maid outfit…!]

 

Anastasia blinked. “Unflattering…?” she echoed.

 

Was— Was that Subaru’s objection to this situation?

 

…No. No, surely not…

 

[“Nee-sama, nee-sama,” Rem whispered theatrically. “Is this perhaps the sort of thing
referred to as a public execution?”]

 



[“Rem, Rem,” Ram whispered back. “A situation like this can lead to losing all human
dignity and dying, I would say.”]

 

[My escape attempt failed so badly, I can’t even disagree with you two…! Subaru groaned
inwardly. Nothing I can say at this point will be convincing. To move is death, to speak is
death…!]

 

“Guys are always so overdramatic!” Felt cackled.

 

“I’m not sure he’s being overdramatic, actually…” Anastasia commented mildly.

 

Wilhelm didn’t think this was overdramatic at all. The very thought of Theresia walking in on
his younger self in a maid outfit…!

 

He’d rather fight Kurgan in a duel again than go through THAT.

 

[“Subaru, it’s hard for me to know what to say…” Emilia shifted around uncertainly,
putting her hand to her chin.]

 

“Oh, the suspense is worse than anything else, isn’t it?” Rachins teased in a quiet voice, his
mouth turning upwards slightly.

 

Felt grinned back at him widely, feeling somewhat triumphant.

 

[“I understand wanting to dress up in cute clothes, too,” she finally decided. “But I
don’t think it suits you, Subaru!”]

 

[Subaru blinked. “...Huh?”]

 



“That really is your objection,” Ram marveled.

 

“Mm-hm.” Emilia nodded soundly at her onscreen self’s observation. “It’s not his cut at all,”
she said firmly. “He’d do much better in something a bit longer, and with a little more weight
around the shoulders…”

 

[“Ah, I’m not upset or anything,” Emilia quickly clarified. “But, I do feel just a little
jealous. Something like what Ram and Rem wear is embarrassing for me, but the length
that Frederica wore would be fine—”]

 

[“Your reaction to what I’m wearing is just giving it a low score?” Subaru clarified,
sounding somewhat hopeful. “You’re not going to yell at me for being a pervert?”]

 

“Subaru’s not a pervert!” Emilia scowled. Just how many times would she need to repeat
this? “Subaru’s a good boy!”

 

Ram sighed.

 

[“Hm?” Emilia titled her head, confused. “A pervert is a dangerous person, right?” she
asked. “Are you dangerous, Subaru?”]

 

[“I’m not dangerous at all!” he confirmed hastily. “A modern safety man, that’s me! I
see, I see! So I’m more your type the way I usually dress, than like this? Got it, I’ll go
change!”]

 

[Subaru prepared to rush out of the room, his face bright red. Rem and Ram both
looked somewhat disappointed, glaring at him from behind.]

 

“You both wanted to see him stay a maid!” Ricardo cackled. “Sadists, the both of you—!”

 



“Ferri-chan can’t blame either of them one bit,” Ferris grinned. “After all, Subaru-chan is just
the cutest~!”

 

[“—I can still get out of this thanks to Emilia’s cute absent-mindedness,” Subaru
decided gratefully, “but I’m not out of the woods yet! I have to get back to my room
before Roswaal, or even worse, Beatrice sees—!”]

 

[“Deeeear me, why is everyone gathered here so eaaaarly in the morning?”]

 

[“Are you holding a grudge against me or something?!” Subaru wailed. “Today of all
days, why?! Not just Emilia-tan, but Ros-chi shows up too?!”]

 

“It’s not like Roswaal has any room to talk, here,” Otto sighed. “What, with how that clown
usually dresses himself…”

 

“Lord Roswaal dresses like a respectable man,” Ram retorted coldly. “His unique style
cannot possibly be compared to the likes of Barusu.”

 

“Unique is one way to put it, I suppose,” Beatrice commented.

 

“Roswaal is still his boss, though…” Crusch noted, feeling a little bad for giggling at poor
Subaru’s misfortune.

 

[“If I had to say, it’s because I just knew I haaaaad to.” Roswaal was grinning wide as
he approached. “If I didn’t get up early and come have a look I knew I’d regret it...and
indeed, I’ve seen something quiiiiiite interesting.”]

 

Frederica coughed. "Lord Roswaal?!"

 

[Subaru automatically moved to hold down the hem of his skirt and back away from the
man’s indecent look.]



 

Garfiel started cackling so hard he actually did fall over backwards. “Waharranted!” he
howled. “Thahat reaction is— absolutely WARRANTED—!”

 

Ram huffed, but even she couldn’t defend Lord Roswaal from the look that had been on his
face. “Men,” she muttered, shaking her head.

 

“The perverted clown does have a reputation of that sort,” Felt snickered. “Big Bro ain’t a
demihuman, but…”

 

“You shouldn’t engage with rumors about powerful political figures, Lady Felt,” Reinhard
warned, though he couldn’t really say that he disagreed with her.

 

“Oh hush,” Felt replied, waving him off. “You know I’m right.”

 

[“It loooooooks like you’ve got everything in place,” Roswaal was noting. “If I had to
guess, I’d say this actually isn’t your first time wearing women’s clothing?”]

 

[“Well actually, there was something back at my high school debut…” Subaru started.
“Hey, quit digging into my dark past!” he yelled. “Crap! Now I’ll never get to be a
bride! Emilia-tan, please say we can be married!”]

 

“Your debut…?” Julius repeated. He didn’t know what sort of debut Subaru was referring to
— maybe his old job?

 

—His eyes widened, and he suddenly turned to face Subaru where he was sitting in his jar.
“You debuted at your old job in women’s clothing?!” he demanded.

 

“I— Well—” Subaru floundered under his aghast, disbelieving gaze. “That’s none of your
business, asshole!”

 



[“Hm?” Emilia blinked. “But you’re a boy, Subaru, so you couldn’t have been a bride
in the first place, right?”]

 

[Subaru started to tear up.]

 

“Why are you tearing up at the idea of not being the bride, in fact?!”

 

Nearby, Ram rolled her eyes. Stupid Barusu.

 

[“If I’d known I was going to be seen, I’d at least like to have put a real effort into it,
and faced it with the makeup and underwear done properly…!” Subaru whimpered.]

 

“…What?” Crusch blinked.

 

[“Is that the problem?” Emilia asked, smiling. “You really are a little strange, Subaru.”]

 

Half of the room slowly turned to look at present-day Subaru, confused looks on all of their
faces.

 

“I-I mean…” Subaru crossed his arms, face burning. “You always have to give your all to
anything you do, don’t you…?”

 

Frederica held back a groan at the feeble excuse. Luckily, however, it seemed to be enough to
get most everyone else to go ahead and shrug the comment off.

 

[“Here are four of the six people in the mansion!” Subaru declared, pulling himself
together. “Having been seen by sixty-six percent of you, I’ve made the manly decision it
would be best to finish the job! Certainly, once it’s up to one hundred percent, we’ll all
have a good laugh!”]

 



[“That’s a manly decision, but you don’t look at all manly right now,” Ram noted.]

 

[“What a noisy bunch you are so early in the morning! One might wonder what you’re
doing out here, I suppose.”]

 

“And there it is,” Otto sighed.

 

“Oh dear!” Anastasia laughed.

 

Julius covered his mouth with his hand, laughing quietly at Subaru’s unfortunate
predicament.

 

—Though, he supposed his own precious buds had witnessed much more embarrassing
moments regarding himself…

 

[“It’s not like I actually called for either of you!” Subaru cried. “Give me a break!”]

 

[“What!? What kind of comment is that!?” Beatrice bristled. “It’s not like I would show
up even if you did… if you…”]

 

[Beatrice faltered, slowing to a stop as she finally realized what Subaru was wearing.]

 

Beatrice understood the feeling. Seeing Subaru all dressed up in that sort of outfit really was
unsettling, she thought.

 

[“…You!” her onscreen self exclaimed. “That outfit is ridiculous, I suppose! You
pervert!”]

 



[“Be quiet, drill girl!” Subaru retorted. “You’re in no position to be pointing fingers
about clothes! On top of that, if you think about it, your Bubby is pretty much running
around stark naked all the time, isn’t he?!”]

 

“Don’t bring Bubby into this, in fact!” Beatrice said crossly.

 

[“Hey, I’m properly dressed in fur.” Unbothered, Puck stretched and started to float
towards Subaru. “Pardon my smell, poot poot.”]

 

[“Don’t do it, Bubby!” Beatrice cried, snatching Puck away. “You’ll catch pervert from
him, I suppose! You must escape with Betty!”]

 

“I think that’s the reaction he’d expected from Lady Emilia,” Ricardo chuckled, too quietly
for her to hear it.

 

Anastasia sighed. It was likely how she would have reacted, had she walked in on such a
scene without the necessary context.

 

Emilia frowned. “That really is mean…” she murmured.

 

There wasn’t anything wrong with Subaru dressing up a bit, not at all. —But Subaru didn’t
seem to have taken it personally, so Emilia supposed that she could let it go.

 

[“Ah, good grief,” Subaru sighed, collapsing on his bed after finally changing back into
his jersey. “Today was a disaster. It’s just not my lucky day.”]

 

[I feel like I lost something important as a person by doing that… Subaru lamented. But I
also won a small victory, I think!]

 

"You really spent a whole day in my uniform," Frederica muttered.



 

“I can’t believe you went through the whole day dressed as a maid,” Julius laughed. “Your
stubbornness truly knows no bounds…!”

 

“My pride as a man was at stake, here!” Subaru retorted, even with his face all red. “So
obviously I’d rise to the challenge!”

 

“I feel like you lost whatever pride as a man you had left by doing that,” Ram sighed.

 

Frederica cuffed her lightly upside the head. "It was your own fault, you know!"

 

[“I guess I put a lot of effort into something silly,” Subaru grumbled. “I really ought to
learn better.”]

 

[It wouldn’t do to be disliked for being too foolish, after all, he thought. Especially not by
Emilia…]

 

“I love your silly self, Subaru!” Emilia assured him hastily. “It can be a little bit annoying
sometimes, sure, but— No, I didn’t mean it like that—!”

 

Subaru stared back at her with wide, wounded eyes.

 

“Ouch,” Ferris laughed, wincing sympathetically.

 

[“Even with that, I’m surprised that Emilia-tan doesn’t mind maid outfits!” Subaru
commented. Then he wilted. “Or — maybe that means she’s not impressed with the
butler outfit I normally wear…?” He folded his arms. “That’d be a downer.”]

 

“Nyaww, she doesn’t think that!” Ferris cooed. “Subaru-kyun is ALWAYS cute, I’m sure she
thinks of nyew that way, too—!”



 

“Why you little—!”

 

“Ferris is right,” Emilia said firmly. “Your manservant outfit looks very lovely on you,
Subaru.”

 

Subaru didn’t know what to say to that, so he just stared at her like a big, blushing, opened-
mouthed idiot. EMT…!

 

[“Well then, tomorrow I’ll just have to blow away everyone’s memories of the maid
outfit, by putting on a magnificent show as a manservant,” Subaru decided. “Yeah.”]

 

“He really doesn’t ever give up, does he?” Julius marveled.

 

It really was impressive.

 

“That’s Captain for ya!” Garfiel agreed. “Even when his reputation as a man gets torn to
shreds, he still has the strength to get up in the morning—!”

 

Subaru snapped out of his stupor. “Oh be quiet, would you?!”

 

“You know, Subaru,” Emilia smiled sympathetically, trying to cheer him up. “I once dressed
in a maid’s outfit.”

 

Frederica blinked. That was right, actually.

 

Subaru stopped. Looked up, eyes wide. “E-Emilia-tan…?”

 



“When Roswaal first came for me, he brought me to the Miload Manor for a while,” Emilia
explained. “With Anne, Clind, and Frederica…? Anyway, while I was there, I served as
Anne’s maid for a little while.” She winced. “I reeally wasn’t good at it, though. You’ve
already been improving so much faster than I was, back then…”

 

“You were his family’s maid?” Crusch clarified.

 

“Just for — around two days?” Emilia said, nodding. She looked rather sheepish. “I was
reeally bad at it, though. I don’t think I managed to complete even one job correctly, my
entire time there…!”

 

Frederica winced. She wanted to deny it, but...

 

Annerose had been so worried about Emilia, during those days, and had culminated in her
declaring that she was Emilia’s older sister. She had also told Emilia that kissing is how men
and women make babies, after the two of them had spied on a male and female servant
secretly doing exactly that in the courtyard. It had been a warning.

 

“Men are all wolves!” Annerose had declared. “You are beautiful yet full of vulnerabilities,
Emily, which makes you a piece of fine meat for the wolves! Do be careful, since they will try
to kiss you if they get the chance!”

 

Emilia thought that Annerose must have been somewhat mistaken, nowadays. Not only had
she been wrong about how babies were made, but—

 

“E-Emilia-tan…in a m-maid dress…?”

 

While Subaru could definitely be described as rather puppy-like, he was definitely not a wolf.
Even if he had kissed her, back in the Sanctuary.

 

[“…On a more intimate note,” Subaru thought aloud, sitting up with an alert look on
his face. “Isn’t it about time I asked Emilia for a date?”]



 

“Oh?” Ricardo grinned.

 

Ferris perked up, a look of utter delight spreading across his face. “Oh, this is gonnya be
GOOD—!”

 

Subaru shook his head, trying to clear it. “A-All of you are so annoying, you know that?!”

 

[I should take a bath first, and then… Subaru nodded firmly, reaching for the proper
uniform that had been hanging innocuously in his closet all day long. —If I’m gonna do
that, then I’ve got to dress nicely, don’t I?!]

 

“It’s a bit of a waste to only change into your proper uniform at the end of the day,” Crusch
chuckled.

 

“Being properly dressed to go and see Emilia is more important than being properly dressed
for work, apparently,” Ricardo laughed. Frederica folded her arms.

 

“Shut!”

 

[“Not bad, not bad at all,” Subaru decided, examining himself closely in the mirror as
he finished putting on his manservant uniform. “I can do this. Right out of the bath, I
look fifty percent sexier in the mirror. I feel like this is gonna work!”]

 

Wilhelm put a hand to his mouth. Seeing a boy like Subaru getting so excited about dressing
up to go and talk to a girl…

 

“Aww, doesn’t Subaru-kyun look handsome?” Ferris cooed loudly, a huge grin on his face.
“Look at him in his cute little suit~!”

 



“Ha, ha,” Subaru scowled, his cheeks still burning. “Be quiet, you…”

 

“Though,” Ferris prodded. “Ferri-chan thinks he would have looked cuter in his dress…!”

 

“Will you be quiet you stupid furball?!”

 

It really was something precious, Wilhelm thought. Those little things in life were really
something precious…

 

[“…are very happy today, Lia,” Puck was saying as Subaru approached them in the
garden.]

 

[“You know?” Emilia replied softly. “I really am. The sky remains the same as always,
but just because I changes the way I saw it a little bit, it became much more
beautiful…”]

 

“Ah…” Emilia blinked, and then smiled.

 

Crusch tilted her head. “What are you talking about, Lady Emilia?” she asked curiously. “Do
you know?”

 

“Subaru loves telling me stories from his homeland about the stars,” she answered softly. “He
can draw shapes using their patterns in the sky, and then those shapes are used to tell stories.
He knows a number of them.”

 

Anastasia’s eyes widened. “Stories from the stars?” she repeated.

 

That sounded— What kind of a world did Natsuki Subaru come from, to know such a thing?

 



“Mm-hm” Emilia felt like her heart was aching and sad and sweetened all at once. “Subaru
always gets so excited, when he talks about the stars… He really does make it look so much
more beautiful.”

 

“Well isn’t that sweet?” Ferris teased, his tail twitching.

 

Anastasia didn’t pay any mind to him, rounding on Subaru with an intense look in her eyes.
“Are those stories still present here?” she asked. “Can you still read them from the stars in
our skies, now?”

 

“W-Well—” Subaru averted his gaze slightly. “Th-The disposition of the constellations is
altered here, a bit,” he said quietly. “But I’m familiar enough with them that I can…”

 

[Emilia pointed her finger at the sky. “Pleiades,” she said. “That’s the constellation that
Subaru gets his name from, he says. And that band full of stars is the Milky Way, if I’m
not mistaken. In the legend, two lovers cross it once a year to meet, on a day called
Tanabata…”]

 

[“Why do I get the impression that this story is more cruel than beautiful…?”]

 

Emilia thought that Puck had been right, in a sense. But…was it wrong to think that such a
story could be both cruel and beautiful?

 

—Anastasia would need to make this one a priority. Stories from the stars themselves…!

 

[I see Emilia-tan’s been putting our starry sky lessons to good use, hasn’t she…? Subaru
shook his head, taking a deep breath as she continued to converse with Puck. But that’s
enough of that! I’ve got to be…!]

 

[“H-Hey!” he called out, raising his hand as he strode on over, with as much confidence
as he could muster. “Wh-What a coincidence we meet here, huh?”]



 

“Smooth,” Anastasia teased, laughing quietly as she shook her head. She filed those details
away for later: she would have time another day, she was sure.

 

“Boys are stupid,” Mimi concluded from her lap, a big smile plastered across her face. Her
two brothers pouted at her.

 

["You come like this every day, you know,” Emilia smiled, referencing their nightly
starry sky lessons. “As for coincidence...don't we live under the same roof?"]

 

["Hearing the words under the same roof really gives me a tingling..." Subaru sighed
dreamily.]

 

“Don’t put it like…” Crusch sighed, giving up before she had even finished her sentence.

 

“Can ya blame him?” Ricardo laughed. “A young man like that, living right in the same
house as his beloved crush — any boy would get the same tingling sensation, wouldn’t he?”

 

“Oh, shut up!”

 

["The word tingling really sends a shudder up my spine,” Emilia frowned. “For some
reason, I don't like it."]

 

Subaru pouted slightly as the Emilia onscreen agreed with Crusch’s criticisms. Ricardo
cackled at his reaction.

 

“Nyaww, don’t feel bad, Subaru-kyun!” Ferris grinned. “I’m sure nyew’ll send those lovely
tingles up nyer Lady’s spine sooner rather than later~”

 

Subaru squawked, his face turning bright red.



 

[Emilia doesn’t point it out, when I sit next to her like this anymore, Subaru thought. Her
morning ritual, mealtimes, and these moments…I guess she takes me sitting beside her for
granted, now.]

 

“It’s an unusual arrangement, for a Lady and her retainer,” Frederica sighed, shaking her
head. “But…”

 

But somehow — between Subaru and Emilia, it seemed to work out just fine.

 

[I don’t know if she’s silently permitting it or simply gave up on forbidding it, but either
way… I’m happy to be so close.]

 

“You just kept at it until she gave up, did you?” Rom said, shaking his head. “—I mean,
whatever works…”

 

“Sure is a way to treat a lady,” Ferris giggled.

 

“Wore her down until she said yes, eh?” Felt prodded, grinning. “So you’re THAT kind of
guy, then…”

 

“I love having Subaru sit right by my side!” Emilia defended. “I might have been — a little
confused, at first — but Subaru’s a good boy!”

 

Subaru buried his face in his hands.

 

Yes, Julius reflected, thinking much the same thing as Frederica. It appeared to have worked
out perfectly fine.

 

["So, what are you doing?" Subaru asked.]



 

["Mm?” Emilia smiled. “An extension of the morning routine,” she answered. “I can
meet most of them in the morning, but I can meet some of them only at night, so…"]

 

[This world’s time system is totally different, dividing everything into “night” and “day”
like this, Subaru noted. But relying so much on the body’s internal clock definitely brings
a whole new level of peace.]

 

Anastasia frowned. What other manner of time-keeping was there…?

 

“E-Every minute of the day was accounted for, back home,” Subaru answered, when she
asked. “We had free time and all, but it had to be planned in advance, and all of our work had
a set schedule at specific hours. And it didn’t really matter if it was still light out or not,
so…”

 

Mimi frowned, wrinkling her nose. “Yeesh,” she said.

 

—That sounded a lot like Anastasia’s own work schedule, really. But, Anastasia’s schedule
had always been rather unique in terms of how busy she always kept herself.

 

A whole world full of busybodies like herself…? Combined with Subaru’s frivolous attitude,
Anastasia found herself wondering more and more about what a world like that could
possibly look like.

 

[Plus, how my academics have taken a backseat to my work as a manservant…]

 

["Gives me new perspective looking back on my school days with the weekends off..."
he murmured aloud.]

 

Julius blinked. “You were in school?” he asked.

 



“Yeah?” Subaru shifted a little bit. “Er, I HAD been,” he admitted. “It’s — a little
complicated…”

 

Subaru had mentioned that before, come to think of it. “High school” was probably some sort
of…

 

Subaru had been a student — as a young adult? School was normally for those under the age
of ten, so that would mean that he had been…

 

That was new. Julius — wouldn’t have expected Subaru to be the type to have attended a
university.

 

“I didn’t mark you as the type to pursue a higher education like that,” he admitted aloud.

 

Subaru gaped at him. “The hell is THAT supposed to mean?!” he demanded.

 

[“It's no fun to watch, is it?" Emilia apologized.]

 

[How Emilia somehow sounded apologetic made Subaru sit up and shake his head.
"Nah,” he said. “I could never be bored being with you, Emilia-tan."]

 

["Wh—?” Emilia’s cheeks grew pink.]

 

Ricardo started laughing. “Bullseye!” he cheered.

 

Wilhelm chuckled. There was something unbelievably endearing, about how Subaru always
wore his heart on his sleeve around the girl he liked. He hoped that such a trait would persist.

 



Subaru huffed, crossing his arms, face bright red. “I-It’s true,” he declared. “I could NEVER
be bored, with Emilia-tan right there…!”

 

(Wilhelm’s younger self — had been quite the opposite, and Wilhelm believed that he had
suffered for it.)

 

(Frederica felt a pang. It would be quite nice, she thought, for a man to think about her like
that.)

 

["Ah, er, I mean—” Subaru floundered, his ears bright red. “We hadn't had much of a
chance to settle down and talk for days, right?"]

 

“Hadn’t you two been meeting in the garden to talk about the stars every night?” Julius
asked, tilting his head.

 

Subaru turned away, still blushing hard. “That— didn’t count, alright?!”

 

Ram sighed. Barusu never could get enough of Lady Emilia’s precious time, could he?

 

["Th-that's right,” Emilia agreed. “Seems you've had quite a time learning how to work
at the manor...” She tilted her head. “You've been working your heart out, huh?"]

 

["Hearing that makes me so happy I wanna cry..." Subaru replied, preening under her
praise.]

 

Crusch watched them talk, feeling rather warm. It was nice, she thought, for Subaru to have
someone whose praise alone made him so very happy.

 

Anastasia watched with amusement. Lady Emilia was lucky, she thought, to have found such
a loyal retainer who could be motivated so easily by praise alone.



 

[Of course, even if I somehow managed to bribe my superiors, it would not change my
score of "totally useless,” Subaru noted.]

 

[“Shortening the sleeves of my uniform and putting buttons on an apron got me top
marks, but that’s it,” he sighed.]

 

["You really are exceptional in only one area,” Emilia noted.]

 

["Well, I tried to grow up to be a guy with an edge instead of perfectly round and
flat..."]

 

“Making excuses for your shoddy worksman skills, are you, Barusu?” Ram said dryly.
“Typical.”

 

“I can’t think of many people less edgy than that boy,” Ricardo commented.

 

“Will you two leave me alone?!”

 

[My skill at sewing is a product of how my parents raised me, Subaru noted. But what in
the world had they been thinking?]

 

Subaru refused to elaborate.

 

“Boo,” Ferris pouted.

 

["I see, is that so…” Emilia noted. “I'm glad that you're confident in something, too."]

 



Ram coughed politely. Subaru refused to acknowledge her clear amusement, keeping his eyes
firmly fixed away from her mirthful face.

 

["Besides, it's not like you're awful at the other jobs,” Emilia said. “Ram and Rem keep
this quiet, but they have been praising you, you see..."]

 

“Lady Emilia!” Ram exclaimed, her eyes widening. “Don’t TELL him those things!”

 

“Subaru deserves to hear it sometimes, you know,” Emilia replied, pursing her lips.

 

“Wait, you’ve been praising me to Emilia-tan in this timeline, too??”

 

Rem watched the screen silently, feeling rather odd.

 

["Seriously?” Subaru perked up. “So I'm making ground even with my seniors here?”
he asked. “So, what, cutting myself with the knife, knocking over the bucket, and
messing up the laundry, it all raised my relationship points?!"]

 

["I think you should reflect on that just a little."]

 

“I don’t think that’s the correct takeaway, Subaru,” Julius commented wryly.

 

“Oh, what would YOU know?!” Subaru stuck out his tongue at him.

 

Ram sighed, shaking her head. Useless Barusu.

 

["But work's hard every day, isn't it?" Emilia sympathized.]

 



["Super hard, totally tough,” Subaru agreed, sighing dramatically. “It makes me wanna
borrow Emilia-tan's arms and breasts and lap for some low-stress healing."]

 

Ferris started cackling loudly. The rest of the theater wasn’t far behind.

 

Subaru didn’t have any defense he could give. Wordlessly, he buried his scarlet face in his
knees, the tips of his ears a crimson shade of red.

 

["Yes, yes.” Emilia poked Subaru’s forehead lightly, causing him to dramatically tumble
backwards onto the grass. “If you're making light of it, you must be all right."]

 

They really do have an enviable relationship, Crusch thought.

 

Rem felt a similar pang, somewhere in her gut. She frowned, and shook it off. She had to
remember that this boy was dangerous.

 

(If Rem didn’t focus on that, then there would be nothing to—)

 

[A world without city lights… Subaru thought dreamily, looking up at the sky. It makes it
so much easier to see the stars, doesn’t it?]

 

City lights, Anastasia noted.

 

Subaru had lived somewhere with city lights — that were bright enough to obscure the stars?

 

Anastasia thought that she’d very much like to see such a place, if she were ever given the
chance.

 

["—The moon's so pretty, isn't it?" Subaru asked.]



 

["There are some places you just can't reach, right?" Emilia replied.]

 

“Ouch,” Rom winced sympathetically, a huge grin still plastered against his face.

 

Wilhelm hissed, shaking his head. What a response…!

 

Ferris was shaking, he was laughing so hard.

 

[Subaru’s eyes widened. "I wasn't asking for it at all, and you hit me with something
like that?!"]

 

["What, did I say something bad?"]

 

“It’s amazing that he kept trying after all of this,” Otto muttered.

 

"Honestly," Frederica sighed.

 

“That’s Captain for ya!” Garfiel said cheerfully. “He’d never give up on Lady Emilia — even
when she crushes him to pieces like this!”

 

“Eh?” Emilia frowned, confused. “What’s wrong?” she asked. “What did I say?”

 

Nobody in the theater had the courage to answer her.

 

["Ah..." Emilia started.]

 



["Oh, darn it!” Subaru winced, hastily moving to hide his injured hand behind his back
and sticking his tongue out as a distraction. “I was tryin' to hide that..."]

 

“—Eh?!” Emilia cried out, eyes widening at the state of Subaru’s fingers.

 

"Oh dear," Frederica winced.

 

“From all the work Barusu had been messing up,” Ram sighed. “What a useless, useless
male… But it’s not the sort of thing worth worrying about, in any case.”

 

How someone could get so beat up in their efforts to help with menial chores — Julius was a
little impressed, actually.

 

“Whatever you’re thinking, I don’t like it, you grape-haired bastard,” Subaru muttered, face
pink.

 

[“So, everyone else is working hard, too…” Emilia murmured.]

 

Crusch’s eyes softened. She understood what Emilia must have been feeling, in that moment.
She really, really did.

 

[I’m not the only one learning something at this manor, Subaru thought to himself. With
the Royal Selection… And that must be so much more, than what I’m trying to do. He
winced. It must be exhausting, and with nobody to talk to about it, either…!]

 

…Her smile fading slightly, Emilia couldn’t help but think that Subaru’s situation was
exactly that — but so many times worse. Being a Candidate for the Royal Selection was
tough, and she was trying so hard, really.

 

But in comparison to facing down death…



 

Why didn’t Subaru ever talk to me about it?

 

Emilia shook her head. This was supposed to be a happy memory, so she could think about
things like that another time.

 

["…How about I cast a healing spell?" Emilia offered.]

 

["Nah, it's fine,” Subaru dismissed. “I'd rather not heal it and leave it like this."]

 

Ferris and Beatrice both stiffened independently of one another — but for exactly the same
reason.

 

[Emilia tilted her head, confused. "Why's that?" she asked sincerely.]

 

["Mm, it's hard to put it into words...” Subaru frowned. “It's kinda a sign of how hard
I've worked?"]

 

Ferris narrowed his eyes, but — he thought he could feel his heart rate slowing down.

 

“How hard nyew worked…?” he repeated quietly.

 

["I don't mind working hard as much as I thought I would,” he admitted. “Being able
to do things I couldn't do before...it ain't bad. It's hard, it's really tough, but it's kinda
fun.”]

 

Ferris let out a sigh. So that’s all it was: a boyish sort of trophy, for a job well done. —Or, a
job that had been attempted, anyway. “Boys,” he muttered.

 



Beatrice slumped over in similar relief. She was glad that nobody around her seemed to
notice her momentary panic.

 

[“I mean,” Subaru was saying. “Ram and Rem are surprisingly strict, that loli's
annoying, seen less of Ros-chi than I thought I would, though..."]

 

["Roswaal would probably get prickly if you told him that,” Emilia warned gently.]

 

["Nobody uses prickly anymore..."]

 

“Beako—”

 

“Enough apologizing, in fact!” Beatrice said firmly. “Subaru understands Betty’s majesty
now, and that is all that matters!”

 

Emilia smiled at their banter — and at that familiar exchange. Because even if she had heard
it one-thousand times before…

 

“Nobody says that anymore…”

 

Well. It was nice to know that Subaru’s attitude towards her appeared to have been the same
in — every iteration. There was something very comforting, in that reality.

 

Julius sighed. He wished that Subaru would listen more often, when Lady Emilia tried to give
him honest advice like that. Od knows he needs it, with his attitude.

 

["Well!” Subaru raised his right hand up in a salute, practically springing upwards
from a slightly slouched position. “Just need to knock down the problems one by one,”
he declared. “I mean, this is the only place for me to live... Either way, it's fun, see?"]

 



Anastasia winced slightly. “The only place for me to live…”

 

—But the Mathers Estate was a place that Subaru openly enjoyed and felt comfortable
within, so it wasn’t as worrying a statement as it could have been. Anastasia brushed it aside.

 

[Living easy had been just fine back home, but I can’t expect that kind of peaceful daily
life here, after all… Not without working for it!]

 

“Idiot,” Rachins muttered.

 

“Hm?” Reinhard prodded. Normally he might have said something about Rachins’ language
— especially when the target was in earshot, even though Subaru was not currently paying
attention to either of them — but right now, Rachins saying anything at all was something
that the Sword Saint wanted to encourage.

 

“Working hard ain’t the only way to get an easy life.” Rachins rolled his eyes. “He should’ve
just asked to be a permanent guest after all,” he declared, waving his hand dismissively.
“Would’ve had it made, if he’d only…”

 

“I’d think that a job like this would do Subaru much more good, in the long run,” Reinhard
disagreed tactfully.

 

“Then you’re a moron,” Rachins shot back.

 

“Living easy had been fine back home, huh, Barusu?” Ram was saying, meanwhile. “Should
have known you were that type of good-for-nothing man.”

 

“I don’t wanna hear that from a good-for-nothing big sister like you, Nee-sama,” Subaru shot
back.

 

Ram snorted. “Ha!”



 

[Emilia froze for a moment, and then a smile suddenly came over her face.]

 

[“That’s right,” she agreed. “Yes, I think that, too. …Goodness, Subaru, you’re such an
idiot.”]

 

“Aww,” Anastasia giggled. “Lady Emilia’s getting charmed, ain’t she…?”

 

“Looks like it,” Ricardo grinned, lowering her voice. “She likes ‘em a little simple, it
seems…”

 

“Oh, hush.” Anastasia nudged him. “That’s mean,” she scolded. “…Even if it is true.”

 

Ricardo laughed.

 

(It wasn’t a bad thing, really. There was something to be said, about the ability to find honest
joy in the simplest parts of life. Anastasia could see why Emilia would find it attractive.)

 

[“Wait, isn’t that reaction weird?!” Subaru exclaimed. “Shouldn’t we be falling back in
love or something?!”]

 

["I wasn't in love to begin with!” Emilia protested. Subaru blinked, slightly hurt by the
exaggerated reaction. “You really are such a...”]

 

“You really know how to come on strong, don’t ya, kid?” Rom teased. “No subtlety at all…!”

 

“Not like subtlety would work, with Big Sis…” Felt added with a slight snicker.

 



Subaru and Emilia both pouted their way, prompting the grandfather-granddaughter duo to
burst into loud cackles.

 

[Too quietly for Subaru to hear, Emilia murmured, “I'm an idiot, too."]

 

Emilia felt her cheeks grow hot. Nearby, Crusch was already cooing softly at both her and her
onscreen self, a warm smile on her face.

 

“Shush,” she pouted, blushing hard.

 

“There’s no need to feel embarrassed about it, Lady Emilia,” Crusch said, eyes light. “Your
relationship with Subaru really is enviable…”

 

Emilia buried her face in her hands.

 

(Ferris agreed about it being enviable, though his reasons would be very different from—)

 

(But Ferris did not want to think about that right now.)

 

[The softness of that charming smile, as if the earlier pressure on her has suddenly
faded… Subaru thought dreamily. I can’t express how Emilia looks right now with mere
words like “pretty” or “cute”…!]

 

Ferris was already laughing. Normally Subaru would cower from it, fruitlessly trying to
defend himself from the onslaught of embarrassing teases coming his way. But right now—

 

I really lost all of this, that night, he thought to himself. Didn’t I?

 

["E M T!" he decided aloud.]



 

Emilia’s eyes grew round. “So that’s where…?” she whispered.

 

Whenever Subaru called her EMT — was he thinking of this moment, talking and laughing
with her beneath the starry sky?

 

[“I’m genuinely grateful and you joke about it like that…?” Emilia pouted, poking
Subaru’s forehead once more.]

 

Emilia found herself smiling. She had always loved that nickname, because Subaru had given
it to her. But all of a sudden—

 

It was as if she had fallen in love with it all over again.

 

(Frederica watched the look on present-day Emilia's face with a fond sort of softness.)

 

["Having said all that...” Emilia glanced down at his injuries. “It's nice that you're
trying hard, but how'd you get your hand all beat up like that, anyway?"]

 

[“Well— this finger I cut open while trying to peel vegetables in the kitchen,” Subaru
started to explain. “And here is where I injured myself with some garden shears…”]

 

“Barusu truly is a worthless male,” Ram sighed, shaking her head. “All those injuries, from
less than a week of basic domestic labor…”

 

“It was his first time with a proper job, Ram,” Julius tried to defend, smiling slightly.
“Perhaps you should give him a…”

 

“Ha!” Ram folded her arms. “If I gave Barusu a break, he’d laze around and never improve at
anything,” she scoffed. “Worthless male.”



 

Julius sighed.

 

["Oh, and this one's simple,” Subaru said cheerfully. “This afternoon, I tagged along
when Rem went shopping at the village close to the mansion. The kids were playing
around with me when this little dog-ish thing chomped on me."]

 

Emilia gasped, all the blood and cheer draining from her face at once. “No!” she cried out.

 

Nearby, Otto startled. “L-Lady Emilia?!” he cried out, eyes widening in surprise.

 

["So it's not the product of hard work?!"]

 

“Shit,” Ram spat out, voice thick and venomous as she shot to her feet. “Shit, shit, shit…!”

 

Beatrice made a noise.

 

“Beatrice? Ram?!” Garfiel spun to face them, his eyes wide. “What’s going on?!” he
demanded. “What—?!”

 

["Nah, it's so big you can't really notice the traces of hard work anymore...” Subaru
pouted. “I didn't think I was the type animals hated, though.."]

 

Julius’ lip quirked up slightly. He could see Subaru being the type to get too affectionate with
pets, unintentionally stressing them out until they felt they had no choice but to bite him in
return. —But somehow, he had the feeling that Subaru was more popular among small
animals than not.

 

…He was having a difficult time finding this as nice a picture as he should have, however,
thanks to the sudden shift from the Emilia Camp.



 

"Is— What happened?!" Frederica cried, equally startled by the visceral reaction. "Why are
you—?"

 

[Back in my own world, children and little animals loved me, Subaru lamented,
unknowingly confirming Julius’ suspicious. …That, or I just looked like a pushover. —
My effect on kids is still going strong, though…]

 

“They probably thought nyew were sooo cute, Subaru-kyun!” Ferris teased.

 

Reinhard watched the Emilia Camp huddle together, perplexed, his head titled to the side.
They were muttering amongst themselves, now. Their faces looked — oddly grave.

 

“That can’t be—!” he heard young Garfiel’s voice gasp.

 

[“The village kids…” Subaru pouted. “They smacked me, kicked me, and blew snot on
me, too. That sucked, damn it…!”]

 

Wilhelm could imagine that all too well, he thought with amusement. Though, this
amusement was rather limited by…

 

“What is going on over there?” Anastasia murmured, her brow furrowed slightly.

 

Felt raised an eyebrow. “Bit of an overreaction, ain’t it?” she agreed

 

Crusch watched a storm of winds that only she could see, and couldn’t bring herself to say a
word.

 

["Somehow you seem good at looking after little kids, Subaru,” Emilia said.]



 

Ricardo chuckled. He could see that, too, really. With his playfulness, friendliness, and lack
of respect for all of the usual adult formalities, Subaru was the kind of youth who would
probably be very popular among youngsters.

 

["That's taking it the wrong way, Emilia-tan,” Subaru dismissed, a wicked gleam in his
eye. “Winning them over now means I'll reap the rewards when they grow up. I'm a
long-term thinker, see."]

 

“Gross,” Tivey said flatly, rolling his eyes. Mimi and Hetaro looked his way with confused
looks on their eyes, neither of them having gotten the punchline.

 

Rachins snorted, and then disguised his laughter at that foul joke with a quick cough. Rom
would have cuffed him over the head for it, normally, if it wasn’t so relieving to hear that
sound from him again.

 

“Nyew sure do love painting nyerself as the villain, don’t nya?” Ferris sighed, shaking his
head. “—Why do all of nyew look so down?” he called over to the Emilia Camp. He grinned,
tail twitching. “Is Subaru-kyun’s flirting that painful to—?”

 

“The dog that bit Barusu was a Wolfgarm pup,” Ram interrupted, her voice clipped.

 

The theater went dead silent.

 

Ferris — didn’t comprehend it, at first. “…What?” he asked, still smiling.

 

["Yes, yes.” Emilia rolled her eyes. “I will admit you're honest about your petty
stubbornness."]

 

“The dog that bit Barusu,” Ram repeated. “It was a Wolgarm pup.” She swallowed. “I
remember how this part goes,” she added, her voice suddenly quiet.



 

It took Ferris a moment to get it. But once he did — all of the mirth slipped off of his face at
once.

 

“…What…?” he asked, in a much meeker voice than before.

 

["I'd best return to my room now,” Emilia said. “How about you?"]

 

—That was right.

 

["I have to sleep by Emilia-tan's side,” Subaru answered. “So I'll head back, too."]

 

This…was always how it was going to end, wasn’t it.

 

…How had Ferris forgotten—?!

 

["You get that job only when you've polished your skills with your current work,”
Emilia goaded.]

 

Under any other circumstances, Anastasia would have teased Emilia for suggesting
something so incredibly flirtatious to a boy like Subaru.

 

Anastasia couldn’t find it in herself to be amused, at the moment.

 

["Now you said it!” Subaru sat up, enthusiasm renewed. “Just watch, they're gonna
write legends about me...!"]

 



What an awful thing to hear, Rom thought grimly, from someone who just announced their
own death sentence.

 

The sentiment was universal. Everyone was suddenly hit all at once by the reality of what
they were watching. Because this was a failed loop.

 

How had they forgotten that?

 

["Ah, right.” Subaru suddenly remembered what he had come out here to do.]

 

Subaru was going to die. They had all known that from the very start, hadn’t they? And yet
they had…

 

How had they all let themselves forget something so important?

 

(Rem hadn’t forgotten. She had closed off her heart from the very beginning.)

 

[“Would you come with me tomorrow when I give the village brats some payba—er, a
lovey-dovey da— er, go to watch the cute little animals?"]

 

Emilia made a small croaking noise, emanating outwards from the back of her throat.

 

That — should be a happy memory, shouldn’t it?

 

[“...Why did you correct yourself several times?” Emilia frowned, her expression
sobering. “And, ah…”]

 

Subaru asking her on that date was a treasured memory of hers, now. It was one that had
brought her great joy, never failing to plaster a smile across her face. So…



 

But — was that not the first time?

 

["I don't mind going with you,“ Emilia admitted slowly. “I'm curious about that small
animal, so…”]

 

[“Okay,” Subaru grinned. “So, let’s go, then!”]

 

Subaru hadn’t asked her on that date just once. He had…

 

That wasn’t a happy memory, was it?

 

[Emilia looked rather taken aback. “B-But,” she protested. “It might be troublesome
for you to have me with you like…”]

 

[Subaru nodded. "Got it, let's go!"]

 

Because Subaru — At least one version of Subaru, had never been able to get the thing he
had wanted so very, very badly. And it had been by no fault of his own.

 

Because something else had ripped him away from it.

 

["...Are you really listening?" Emilia pouted.]

 

["I'm listening!” Subaru insisted. “I could never let a single word or phrase from
Emilia-tan escape!"]

 

["Oh, Subaru, I just hate you!"]



 

["Aaa! Aaa!” Subaru covered his ears. “Sorry, what was that?! I can't hear you!"]

 

[Emilia started laughing.]

 

Emilia watched herself laugh, happy and free and completely unaware of the death sentence
that had just been announced by the boy in front of her eyes. The boy who loved her, already,
and who wanted to spend time with her, and who really had seen her as Emilia, just Emilia,
from the very start. The boy that she had already begun to care about so very, very much…!

 

There was a timer, now. It was invisible, but it hung above Subaru’s head like a guillotine. As
soon as midnight struck—

 

That laughing version of Emilia was going to watch everything slip away between her
fingers, and she would likely never understand why it had ended up that way.

 

["Goodness...” Emilia shook her head, smiling as she wiped a rear of laughter from her
eye. “But only after I finish my studying and you finish all your work, Subaru?"]

 

Emilia wanted to cry. That version of herself that was onscreen really, really didn’t know…!

 

["Oh yeah!” Subaru punched the air with his fist. “Roger that!” he agreed. “I'll so
totally get them done!"]

 

They’d be so sad, wouldn’t they? Both of them would be so very, very…!

 

Ram stared at her little brother, and imagined how excited he must have been to wake up and
get to work by her side the next morning. And how he didn’t yet know that he was never
going to wake up in this world again.

 



Frederica didn't know Rem all that well. But she thought of Ram, who cared for her
coworkers with all her heart and soul regardless of whether or not she would ever admit it out
loud, and felt her blood go cold when she tried to imagine the look that would be on her face
in the morning.

 

["I was thinking,” Emilia sighed. “Watching you makes my worries seem so small,
Subaru."]

 

["No way?!” Subaru startled. “I mean, you might become King; worries and social
stress like that would turn my stomach inside out!"]

 

[Emilia started laughing again, and this time Subaru couldn’t help but join in right
alongside her.]

 

This would have been such a sweet scene. It should have been such a sweet, sweet…

 

Otto swallowed. Emilia didn’t deserve this. Subaru CERTAINLY didn’t deserve this. They
didn’t deserve…!

 

“It’s not over yet,” Garfiel denied, shaking his head. “It’s not— It’s just not, alright?!”

 

["Come to think of it, why are you dressed like that after work?" Emilia teased as they
headed back inside.]

 

[“Ah, I thought it’d make a good impression on you,” Subaru said. “…So, what do you
think? Pretty handsome, huh?”]

 

They had been teasing Subaru for that, not too long ago. When had it stopped being funny?
When had it started being…?

 

At least he looked nice, the last time he and Emilia spoke.



 

It was a grim consolation. But, Crusch thought, it was at least something.

 

["Mm, I suppose so,” Emilia nodded. “It has that 'I'm a capable servant' look."]

 

["Well, there you go crushing my hopes!"]

 

At least they parted with twin smiles on their faces, Anastasia thought. It was a very sad
consolation, really, but it was something.

 

Felt didn’t look for any consolation at all. She was gritting her teeth hard enough to risk a
chip.

 

["You do actually sleep right, loli girl?” Subaru asked, poking his head through the
door to the Forbidden Library. “If you stay up too late, you won't grow as tall as you
should and you'll end up as an adult that short."]

 

[“Do you breach Betty’s Door Crossing as if it is a matter of course, I wonder?"
Beatrice muttered resentfully, sitting on her wooden stool.]

 

Frederica gasped.

 

“Beatrice!” Emilia cried out, a sense of relief filling her from head to toe.

 

Subaru wouldn’t die, then. Beatrice was right there.

 

(He’d have to die eventually, but — it wouldn’t be right here, and it wouldn’t be right now.)

 



["Did you have a reason to come see me, I wonder?" Beatrice asked.]

 

["Not really,” Subaru said, tilting his head. “I thought I'd say hi before I went to bed. I
was gonna give up if I didn't get it in three tries, but I got it in one, so..."]

 

["Truly, what kind of intuition do you have...?" Beatrice sighed, pulling on one of her
curly pigtails and letting it bounce.]

 

“She’ll save him!” Garfiel agreed confidently. “Beatrice— Those two are ‘like peas in a pod’
— right, Captain? If anyone would save him, it’s…!”

 

[Subaru watched her play with her hair. "…Can I try it, too?" he asked.]

 

“Pervert,” Ram sighed, having relaxed at the sight of that idiot’s contracted spirit.

 

Beatrice had saved him from this exact situation last time, and it had barely taken her any
time or effort at all. Barusu would be fine. Thank Od, for that moron’s habit of randomly
barging in on the Great Spirit at all hours of the day.

 

Of course it would be his impertinence that saves him, Ram thought dryly. Of course.

 

["Only Bubby may touch the likes of me...” Beatrice scowled. “Would you go away
already, I wonder?"]

 

["Not fair only you get to play,” Subaru pouted. “Oh well. I'm in a good mood, so I'll
forgive you."]

 

[My date with Emilia-tan…!]

 



Emilia laughed freely, this time. Subaru would get that precious date. Subaru and Emilia
would both get at least one more precious, precious day together. It wouldn’t last forever, but
even so—!

 

[“Enough!” Beatrice’s voice retorted scathingly. “Get out of here!”]

 

Emilia’s smile faltered.

 

[And Subaru was thrown out of the Forbidden Library once again.]

 

“…What?” Emilia asked meekly.

 

Did Beatrice not… Did she not notice—?

 

Oh, Frederica thought numbly. That was right.

 

["—That has nothing to do with me,” Beatrice’s voice murmured quietly as the door
closed shut.]

 

Back then, Beatrice had been...

 

“What?” Garfiel asked, voice filling with disbelief.

 

[Subaru blinked. But when he went to open the door again, the Forbidden Library was
gone.]

 

Ram stared at the screen, shock spreading across her face. After a long moment of watching
as Subaru opened and closed the door again and again, hoping that the Forbidden Library
would return, she turned to Subaru’s contracted spirit.



 

Beatrice was sitting motionless on the floor, eyes wide with horror as she stared at the
meteor, uncomprehending.

 

“Beatrice-sama,” Ram said. Her voice was frigid, so cold that it felt as though it lowered the
temperature of the theater by several degrees all on its own. “What is he meaning of—”

 

“What, exactly, is the meaning of this?”

 

And yet, somehow, Ram’s voice was nothing compared to Anastasia Hoshin’s.

 

Mimi recoiled, scrambling backwards away from her Lady, eyes wide. Hetaro and Tivey
were hiding behind her, bristling with shock. Ricardo had stood up, hairs prickling along the
back of his neck. Julius had automatically shrunk back into his seat. —After all, none of them
had ever heard a voice like that leave Anastasia’s mouth before in their lives.

 

Horror. Rage. Complete and utter disgust, as though something had offended her on a level
too personal to name. So many, many emotions swirled into one awful, horrid tempest…

 

—These emotions did not belong to Anastasia Hoshin. But the one that they did belong to
was someone that Anastasia Hoshin trusted more than anyone else. She could allow that
special someone to use her voice to scream it all aloud, targeted straight at the fellow
contracted spirit who had broken a vow that Anastasia Hoshin’s special someone considered
so very, very sacred.

 

“You let him die?” she hissed out, eyes blazing with an almost animalistic fervor. “Natsuki
Subaru is your contracted partner, and you let him die?”

 

Beatrice stared back at her in horror, unable to defend herself at all. “I…”

 



“You could have saved him in a manner of seconds,” the woman spat. Beatrice flinched. “I
know what you’re capable of, Great Spirit of Yin. You could have saved him easily. It would
have taken you barely any energy, and barely any time at all.” She clenched her fists, shaking
so badly she looked like she might topple under the weight of her own fury. “And yet,” she
growled. “You just went and let your own contracted partner—!”

 

“Lady Anastasia.”

 

The woman stopped. Everyone turned to face the jar on the side of the room, where the
subject of their conversation had risen to his feet.

 

Playful, embarrassing teases that were nonetheless meant to keep everybody’s mood light,
friendly, and filled with smiles were one thing. Well-deserved scoldings for his old behavior
as a total, total idiot were another. But when it came to this—

 

“Beatrice didn’t do anything wrong,” Subaru declared. His voice was the sort of serious
befitting the situation, but  unexpectedly calm. “We weren’t contracted partners, back then.
Beatrice’s only role was to guard the Forbidden Library in the Mathers’ Estate: nothing else.”

 

Subaru wasn’t the type to take serious jabs like this lying down. Especially not when they
were aimed at the people he cared about so very deeply.

 

“Don’t talk to Beatrice like that,” he said firmly. “This— It was settled a long time ago. A-
And I know that you don’t really have a choice about watching all of this, but…it really isn’t
any of your business, anyway.”

 

…Subaru was ultimately the one who deserved to have the final say, here.

 

The woman he was talking to didn’t trust herself to answer him out loud, but she accepted
this with as much grace as she could muster. Anastasia bowed her head in assent, and then
turned to walk back to her seat. Her heals clipped against the floor, the noise echoing in the
silence of the theater.

 



—Beatrice couldn’t accept this. She turned to her contracted partner, her wide eyes finally
beginning to water with tears of despair. “Subaru…” she started to say.

 

“It’s not your fault, Beako,” Subaru smiled back, and he was completely sincere. “You had no
reason to help someone like me back then, after all. I don’t blame you one bit, okay?”

 

There was nothing Beatrice could say to that. All she could do was turn back to the meteor in
order to see — once and for all — how it all would end.

 

And it would end this way — because Beatrice had sat back and done nothing to stop it.

 

["...What have you been doing?” Rem frowned, having walked in on Subaru’s odd,
door-checking behavior. “Checking the condition of the lock?"]

 

["Oh yeah, I thought I heard a creak in the hall the last few nights...” Subaru tilted his
head. “So that was you, Rem?"]

 

“Rem!” Emilia leaned forward, feeling frantic. “Maybe Rem will…?”

 

Perhaps this was why Subaru loved her so much? Because — even if it hadn’t worked
forever, Rem had managed to…?

 

["Is something bothering you?" Rem asked.]

 

["Nah.” Subaru shook his head. “This led to the archive of forbidden books with the loli
girl till just now; it's gone, though."]

 

["Did you want something from Lady Beatrice?” Rem tilted her head. “You could ask
me if you prefer..?"]

 



Frederica didn't get her hopes up again a second time.

 

["Just saying hi before going to sleep,” Subaru dismissed. “Nothing...big."]

 

[“That has nothing to do with me.” Beatrice’s words echoed in the back of his mind.]

 

Anastasia clenched her fist, but she said nothing at all. Eridna shifted slightly against her
neck, an uncharacteristic rage emanating out from her soft, white fur.

 

Beatrice stared at the screen at despair. Whatever happened next…

 

It didn’t matter what Subaru said. Beatrice would never — could never — forgive herself for
something like this.

 

[Subaru shook his head. “What, you're still working, Rem?” he asked. “Better turn in.
Morning’s coming quickly."]

 

["I'll sleep after I do the dishes,” Rem dismissed. “At the moment, Nee-sama is serving
tea to Lord Roswaal, you see."]

 

["What the heck are those two doing at almost past midnight—?!” Subaru sighed. “Ah,
well, that's fine."]

 

At midnight, the curse would activate. At midnight, Subaru would—!

 

They had all known that this was coming. So why, why did it still hurt so very, very…?

 

[Rem was staring at him, still.]



 

“Does she…?” Emilia asked, hoping for the bottom of her heart that—

 

[Ah, right. My hair. “Don’t suppose chances like this come up much,” Subaru said
casually. “Doesn’t look like it bothers you any.”]

 

Emilia swallowed.

 

“Lady Emilia,” Ram said softly. “We already know how this ends.”

 

["...No,” Rem agreed. “Until now it has not bothered me that much, or somewhat, or
even a little bit."]

 

["Geez, downplaying a bunch of times back-to-back makes it sound like it really
bothers you!"]

 

Emilia knew that — it would end, soon. But she just didn’t want…!

 

Please, she begged. Don’t make him say goodbye just yet. Let him have just a bit more time
with…

 

[Rem’s gaze suddenly grew much sharper, and Subaru faltered.]

 

Rem stared at the screen, and wondered what her former self had been thinking.

 

["If you like, how about I do it now?" Rem asked.]

 

["What... Now?” Subaru blinked. “It's pretty late, isn't it?"]



 

Was it really that boy’s hair, that her old self had been so concerned about?

 

["A quick cut and wash will not take very long.” Rem looked at him. “…If I do not, I
cannot fulfill the cherished desire you confided in me from your own lips, Subaru."]

 

["Cherished desire is a little much!"]

 

Rem — She wasn’t the same Rem as the one from that boy’s memories, she knew. But…she
didn’t think she would have cared so much about his hair. It didn’t look all that bad, to her…

 

[She looks so fiercely determined… Subaru realized. Man, my hair must have really
annoyed her over the past few days. But—]

 

So — what had this sudden insistence really been about?

 

["Sorry, Rem,” he apologized, and meant it. “I've made a promise to go out with Emilia
tomorrow. I've gotta get up early and take care of work quickly, so I really can't do it
tonight..."]

 

["Is that so...” Rem shook her head. “No, I was being unreasonable. I'm sorry."]

 

…And why did her old self look like she had needed to sum up all of her courage — just to
offer to give that boy a haircut?

 

["—How about tomorrow night?" Subaru offered.]

 

Wilhelm huffed quietly, his lips quirking up. “Asking two girls on dates on the very same
day?” he asked softly. “How very…”



 

His mouth dried up before he could finish that comment. He — couldn’t bring himself to joke
around, at a time like this.

 

["...At night, you say?" Rem echoed.]

 

["My condition for the promise with Emilia is getting all my work wrapped up,” he
explained. “There's no special work scheduled for tomorrow afternoon, so after that,
since it's still on your mind..."]

 

Emilia stared at the screen, her stomach falling deeper and deeper into a pit of despair by the
moment.

 

Rem didn’t know. Rem…wasn’t going to figure it out, either.

 

And Rem was…

 

This was one more thing, then, that Subaru was looking forward to — that he would never be
able to do. Not in this life.

 

[Arranging dates with two girls on the same day! Subaru marveled, blissfully unaware.
—Not that my feelings toward Emilia and Rem are in the same vein to begin with… Rem is
a fellow coworker that I feel fondly about, and Emilia…]

 

That won’t last forever, Otto thought. He didn’t have the strength to tease Subaru for that out
loud. The atmosphere in the theater had become far too oppressive.

 

Ferris wanted to tease Subaru for being a playboy. In other conditions, perhaps he would
have.

 



Ferris didn’t say anything, now.

 

[“Understood.” Rem nodded. “Tomorrow night it is,” she declared. “This is a firm
promise, you understand?”]

 

Emilia understood, then: Rem understood nothing, about what was going to happen next.

 

Rem wasn’t going to save Subaru. Nobody was.

 

["I don't know why it bothers you that much, but yeah, a promise it is.” Subaru
nodded. “Tomorrow night, then."]

 

It probably meant more to her than she was letting on, Frederica knew. But she couldn't bring
herself to speculate any further than that.

 

This was a promise that Subaru was destined never to follow through on, Emilia understood.
She didn’t blame him for it, though.

 

A dead person was as capable of breaking promises as they were on following them through.
It wasn’t Subaru who had broken this one, really: it was the one who had gone and snuffed
him out, who was to blame for this broken promise in the making.

 

[Should I make a pinkie promise…? Wait, that probably doesn’t exist here, does it…]

 

[It didn’t matter: Rem had already bowed and taken her leave. Subaru yawned,
heading back for his room.]

 

“There’s nobody left to save him, now,” Ram muttered under her breath, too quietly for
anyone but herself and her little sister to hear.

 



Rem glanced in her direction briefly, and then back at the meteor.

 

Beatrice had abandoned him. Rem had bid him goodnight. Barusu himself had no idea what
kind of kiss had been planted against his hand.

 

Ram understood: there was only one way this could end, now.

 

[“For tomorrow’s date, I’ve got to go all the way to the village, come up with some
excuse, and give those darn kids the slip,” Subaru was saying. “Oh, and I have to find
out where the best flower gardens are…”]

 

It was — painful. So very, very painful.

 

Subaru would never be able to go on the date that he was looking forward to so much. Not in
this life.

 

He wouldn’t be able to see the flower gardens, or play with the children, or take a picture of
her with his meteor. Emilia really did value those memories, she really, really did. She was
glad that it was her, the version of herself that she remembered, that got to experience it all.

 

But this version of Subaru had been looking forward to it so, so much.

 

And once he fell asleep, that would likely be…

 

[“One Puck,” Subaru counted, snug in bed and waiting for sleep. “Two Pucks…”]

 

Emilia thought that it was ironic, somehow, that the thought of her loving father was the
thought that was currently leading Subaru into that good night.

 



She didn’t like it. Even if it wasn’t Puck’s fault, she really, really didn’t…!

 

[What a warm and fluffy paradise…full of frolicking kitty-cats, and they’re all so, so soft
and fluffy…!]

 

[“One…” Subaru’s eyes fluttered shut. “One hundred and four Pucks…”]

 

Emilia watched, eyes wide and soulful, as Subaru slipped away peacefully, with thoughts of
her beloved Puck dancing through his mind.

 

This is the best way, she wanted to think. He didn’t feel a thing, right? So…

 

So why didn’t it feel like a mercy?

 

Beatrice clenched her fists in her lap. Why hadn’t she…?

 

She couldn’t get too upset over this. Not— Not while Subaru was right there, and probably
feeling so, so much worse than…

 

(Why hadn’t she DONE anything?)

 

[Ugh, I’m so tired… Subaru’s voice grumbled. I feel like I’ve woken up somewhere
different, somehow… Why am I so tired, still? Man, am I still not used to this…?]

 

Reinhard sucked in a breath. He felt numb, somehow. He — didn’t know what he was
feeling, right now. Too much, or maybe too little. His head felt like it was buzzing.

 

Julius swallowed. Maybe — Maybe it had been a false alarm. Maybe Subaru would wake up
safe and sound. Maybe…



 

There could be some other explanation for everyone’s missing memories, right?

 

[Today’s not the day for such weak thoughts! Subaru suddenly remembered. Because
today—!]

 

[Subaru’s eyes flew open, and he shot up from his bed. “That’s right!” he exclaimed.
“Natsuki Subaru— Today’s the time to leap into action!”]

 

Wilhelm clenched his fist.

 

Please, he thought, almost begging within his mind. I already know that he won’t make it, in
the end, but — just let him have this, first.

 

Rom stared at the meteor, eyes steely. His large hands were gripping the armrests tight.

 

“Ricardo,” Anastasia whispered. “Yer hurting me.”

 

Ricardo reluctantly let go of her shoulder.

 

Anastasia pressed her lips together, and then reached over to lie her hand against his.

 

Was this… Rachins swallowed. Was this worse, somehow?

 

Being stabbed in an alley was — more painful. But despite being a thief, Rachins hadn’t been
able to rob him of anything this…

 

He lost everything, Felt thought to herself. She felt numb. He lost — everything, didn’t he?



 

“There’s—” Garfiel swallowed. “There’s no need to worry,” he declared. “It’s not— It’s not
over yet!”

 

“Y-Yeah!” Mimi agreed, nodding fervently. “He’s— He’s still got things to do! So, he’s not
gonna go yet!”

 

It would have to end eventually, but before that, there was…

 

(Tivey and Hetaro watched Garfiel and Mimi with odd looks on their faces.)

 

It couldn’t be the end yet. Not yet.

 

[“Ah—!” Subaru squeaked, eyes widening as he caught sight of Rem and Ram standing
over his bed. “What?! You were there?! Then you should have said something! Aw man,
I’m so, so embarrassed—!”]

 

Frederica swallowed. She held back tears.

 

Ram stared in silence. That was her answer, then.

 

Rem’s stomach twisted itself into a knot. She wanted to purse her lips at that overfamiliar
nature, but right now…

 

She just couldn’t bring herself to feel anything but a deep, deep sense of loss.

 

But you don’t know him anyway, she tried to tell herself. You know how suspicious he is, and
you know what he’s capable of. You shouldn’t…

 



Those excuses weren’t working as well to protect her right now as they had been, at the
moment.

 

How would those two feel? Crusch wondered to herself. She remembered opening her eyes to
Ferris’ unfamiliar face, the guilt of realizing that he knew who she was despite her not
knowing him.

 

Did these two know…?

 

Otto didn’t know what he was feeling. He knew that he wanted a drink.

 

“They’ll remember him,” Garfiel instead. “They’ll remember — it can’t be over yet!”

 

There was still so much more — so, so, so much more—!

 

Ferris’ eyes were glassy and dull. He wasn’t on edge like everyone else in the theater. After
all, Ferris had already given up.

 

He dies at the end, anyway, he thought dimly. So it doesn’t really matter if it’s now or later,
anyway.

 

Ferris couldn’t bring himself to look at present-day Subaru.

 

[…I don’t like being pointed and laughed at, but are they really giving me no response at
all here…?]

 

Ferris didn’t want to know what kind of expression would be on his face, right now.

 



[“Er, hold on, you two,” Subaru laughed slightly. “I mean, that reaction kinda hurts.
I’m a delicate soul here. There are other reactions, right?!”]

 

[I was looking forward to their at least engaging in cold verbal abuse — wait, isn’t it awful
that I was looking forward to that?!]

 

Crusch — wondered if this was how Ferris felt, when he looked at her sometimes. The
thought made her heart clench guiltily, painfully, in her chest.

 

There’s nothing I can do about that…! Crusch wanted to protest.

 

But that didn’t make the thought hurt her any less.

 

Ricardo wanted to tease him. He wanted to lighten the mood. His mouth wouldn’t work.

 

What kind of a sick, cosmic joke…?

 

[“Nee-sama, Nee-sama,” Rem said. “He’s greeting us as if he knows us somehow.”]

 

Rom gritted his teeth. Wilhelm exhaled slowly. He didn’t want to scream, so he had to exhale
slowly, instead.

 

[“Rem, Rem,” Ram said. “He’s greeting us in a very chummy fashion.”]

 

Mimi’s hopeful smile slipped off of her face like water. Hetaro clutched her hand. Tivey
watched her from nearby, lips pressed into a thin line.

 

Anastasia reached out her arms to embrace all three of them. None of them said a word about
it.



 

[“Er, ah?” Subaru blinked, confused. “Something weird?” he asked. “My seniors
coming to wake me up is one thing, but playing pranks on me is bad taste, you
know…?”]

 

This would be a really sick prank, Felt thought to herself. But — it would be better if it were
a prank. She knew that it would better, if…

 

Rachins made a soft noise, staring at the meteor in utter horror as the weight of this tragedy
sunk into his soul. It was quiet, but it echoed through the quiet theater regardless.

 

[“Nee-sama, Nee-sama.” Rem tilted her head. “Our Dear Guest seems to be a little
confused?”]

 

[“Rem, Rem.” Ram tilted her head. “Our Dear Guest seems to be a little touched in the
head.”]

 

[Dear Guest…?]

 

Reinhard — thought he might understand it, a little bit. To know something so very precious,
and then to lose it one day with no hope of ever getting it back, even if it looked like it was
right there within reach.

 

Knowing this did not make it any easier to witness. If anything, Reinhard thought it made
everything feel far, far worse.

 

Julius swallowed. He had lost people before, but to have a facsimile of what he had lost
paraded around in front of him… He didn’t think he could imagine it if he tried. It wasn’t the
sort of horror he could comprehend.

 



—Rem had expected this from the very start, and she hadn’t liked the boy in the least,
anyway. So…there was no reason for her to feel hurt, by this outcome that she had known
was inevitable from the very start, to a person she didn’t care for in the least.

 

“It’s just a prank,” Garfiel insisted, even as the flicker of hope dimmed and dimmed inside
his chest. “It’s a prank. It’s — It’s not over yet. I know that it can’t be…!”

 

[“You two — ha, ha.” Subaru laughed nervously, raising his hand up. “This really
isn’t…funny…”]

 

[The bandage on Subaru’s left hand was gone.]

 

Garfiel’s voice trailed off.

 

That bandage. All those little cuts and bruises. Erased —

 

All of it had been erased. Just like that.

 

Garfiel couldn’t deny it any longer. He wanted desperately to keep denying it — but he
couldn’t, not anymore.

 

All those memories, he thought to himself. Being useless at chores in the manor. Bantering
with Rem and Ram. Humiliating himself in a maid outfit. The nighttime talks in the garden
with Lady Emilia. All those little things—!

 

All those little things — those very little and very precious memories — had now been
entirely snuffed out.

 

…Otto glanced grimly at Garfiel’s face, which was slowly falling into despair. He wanted to
say something, except that he couldn’t think of anything to say.



 

Frederica reached out to rub her younger brother's back. That was all that she could think of
to do.

 

[Subaru stared down, excitement and embarrassment dripping away to leave behind
nothing but confusion, horror, and a deep, agonizing sense of utter grief.]

 

Ram, Beatrice, and Emilia didn’t react at all. They had already known for a while, after all —
that this was how things were going to end.

 

Emilia wished that Subaru had at least been able to get that precious date that he had wanted
so very badly, first.

 

“Is this…?” Beatrice asked Ram quietly.

 

[His hand slowly reached up to grip his hair. His teeth bit into his lip until he drew
blood—]

 

Reinhard stared, unseeing, unfeeling.

 

Julius winced, but couldn’t bring himself to make a sound.

 

Any other time, Ferris would have reacted to that. Any other time, Ferris would have gotten
up in arms, at such a blatant act of self-harm.

 

Any other time — wouldn’t be right here, right now, having seen everything that led to this
very moment.

 

Ram shook her head. “This…” she answered Beatrice quietly. She swallowed, and then
confirmed: “This isn’t the right one, either.”



 

Maybe Emilia would have reacted more to that sentence, if she had been given it another
time. But right now—

 

[Subaru buried his face back into the pillow.]

 

Right now, it was all she could do to contemplate all those precious, precious memories that
had just slipped through everyone’s fingers.

 

[I don’t want to cry. I don’t want to cry in front of these people, who I was so fond of —
who seemed so fond of ME — who are now looking at me like I’m a complete stranger—!]

 

Except for Subaru’s, of course.

 

Subaru alone was left to grapple with the knowledge of what they all had lost.

 

[“Why’d I…” he choked out. “Why’d I go back?”]

 

In the theater, everyone stared at the meteor in utter silence.

 

In his jar, Subaru wordlessly buried his face in his arms, his grief having come back all the
fresher, ripping his heart to pieces inside his chest.

Chapter End Notes

This chapter includes Side Story content from:

[Natsuki Subaru’s Splendid Steward Life]

[Emilia’s Starry Sky Classroom]



(Though really, Subaru barely appears in that last one, so I kind of just referenced it with
the end of Puck and Emilia’s conversation in the garden.)

Side Stories Referenced: [Emily-san’s Maid Way]



Chapter 8: A Lack Of Effort (Arc 2, Part 3)
Chapter Summary

Subaru’s second loop at the Mathers Estate goes differently than he expects.

Chapter Notes

In case you can’t tell from the unusually frequent chapter updates…I’m having a lot of
fun with Arc 2. :)

See the end of the chapter for more notes

[“Dear Guest, Dear Guest,” Rem asked. “You look rather unwell. Are you alright?”]

 

[“Dear Guest, Dear Guest,” Ram echoed. “You look like your stomach hurts. Did you
soil yourself?”]

 

Everyone stared at the screen in utter silence.

 

Nobody could speak. Nobody could find it in themselves to utter a word. It was as though
they were all trapped in a silent vigil for everything that had been left behind.

 

["Sorry to...make you worry,” Subaru said in a quiet voice. “I'm just a bit...dense when
I'm waking up."]

 

Subaru’s eyes were dull, in the present moment. He had— It had taken a while, for him to
come to terms with…

 

Or maybe he had never come to terms with it.



 

[It… Subaru gritted his teeth. It would be so wonderful and infuriating if this was just
one of Roswaal’s pranks…!]

 

After all, if he really had come to terms with that day, then…

 

[…They don’t recognize me at all, Subaru thought, despair growing by the minute.
There’s no emotion in either pair of eyes at all—!]

 

Why did it still hurt so much?

 

["Dear Guest,” Ram warned, sounding both confused and concerned. “You mustn't
move suddenly. You are not yet well rested..."

 

["Dear Guest,“ Rem echoed. “It’s dangerous to move suddenly. You have not yet
soundly rested..."]

 

“…Subaru—” Emilia tried to say, finally breaking that suffocating silence. She tried to reach
out her hands, to grasp his shoulder, to run her fingers through his hair—

 

And she was met with glass.

 

[—Subaru reflexively pulled away from them both.]

 

Emilia stared at the barrier between herself and her beloved knight, and she felt a pit slowly
open up in her stomach.

 

…She couldn’t reach him at all?

 



[Rem and Ram stared back at him confused and hurt. But Subaru — was in no
condition to notice the looks on their faces, right now.]

 

["Sorry,” Subaru croaked. “—I can't do this right now!"]

 

[And then he bolted from the room, practically falling over himself as he raced into the
hallway and— away, just a little too quickly for either Rem or Ram to stop him.]

 

Without Beatrice, without Emilia — Subaru was left to collect himself on his own.

 

He took a deep breath. Exhaled. In, out… In, out…

 

Beako taught me this, he remembered. Beako was worried about me, so she…

 

[I have to— Subaru wanted to sob aloud. It doesn’t matter where— I just can’t, not for
one more minute—!]

 

That was right.

 

Subaru had lost — this. He had lost those first four days. He had lost the next for days, too,
and then the next four, and even the four after that.

 

But he hadn’t lost THEM. Not in the end. They were still here with him now, even if things
weren’t quite the same. And — wasn’t that all that really mattered?

 

[Subaru opened a door, seemingly at random, and tumbled into Beatrice’s Forbidden
Library. The door closed behind him, successfully sealing him off from the outside
world.]

 



“—Ah.” Julius let out a breath. “He found…”

 

Subaru’s high spirit affinity, plus his affinity matching Beatrice in particular… He was
subconsciously seeking her out.

 

There was something lovely about that. —Or there would be, if they had not all just watched
Beatrice leave him to die.

 

[Subaru slumped against the closed door of the Forbidden Library. His knees were
shaking. His hands were shaking.]

 

[“If I were playing paper sumo,” Subaru whispered hoarsely. “I'd cut some crazy lines
right about now…ha, ha…”]

 

[Even my self-mockery has no bite to it, right now…]

 

Anastasia wanted to ask what paper sumo was, but…

 

She’d ask — later. When her mouth didn’t feel quite so dry, and when Subaru didn’t look
so…

 

[The scent of old paper is… Subaru gasped for breath, eyes wild, his chest heaving as he
tried to regain control. It’s calming. It’s a shallow comfort, but at least…!]

 

“Subaru…?” Beatrice called out quietly. She wasn’t focused too much on the Subaru in the
meteor: as bad a shape as that version of her contractor might be in, the Subaru of the present
moment didn’t look much better.

 

["Quite a rude thing you are,” Beatrice complained, snapping her book shut. “Barging
in without so much as a knock."]



 

Anastasia pressed her lips together and said nothing.

 

Otto sighed. “But…She’s still letting him stay.”

 

[“I wonder, how do you breach Betty’s Door Crossing…?” Beatrice mused. “This makes
twice, now.”]

 

["Sorry, a little while is fine, so let me stay here a bit.” Subaru put his hands together
and bowed his head. “Please."]

 

“It’s okay, Beako,” Subaru said quietly. He gave her a shaky smile. “It’s all in the past,
right?”

 

Beatrice swallowed.

 

[This is a quiet place with no one here to bother me, Subaru thought to himself. I've gotta
get a grip on the facts…]

 

“R-Right,” she agreed. “It’s all in the past. —We all ended up alright, in fact. So…you don’t
have to feel too bad, oh-kay?”

 

[I've gotta get a grip on the facts…]

 

“You’re so smart, Beako…”

 

[What's my name, where am I, who are the two twins from earlier? What's the name of the
girl in front of me, and who is she? This weird room? The four days I spent? The promise I
made, to be with someone, tomorrow, who—]



 

["Oh yeah, Emilia..."]

 

And he hadn’t been able to fulfill his promise to her, Emilia thought sadly.

 

It wasn’t his fault. A dead person couldn’t really keep any promises, after all, and so that
meant they couldn’t break them either.

 

—And he had tried so hard to make sure he kept it even afterwards, hadn’t he? Because even
in her memories, Subaru had eventually managed to…

 

The memory of their date from that day was something very, very precious to Emilia. Perhaps
— it was more precious to Subaru than she had ever even really known.

 

["Beatrice..." Subaru asked quietly.]

 

["...Are we close enough for you to be calling my name, I wonder?" Beatrice scowled.]

 

They shouldn’t be, Beatrice thought darkly. But — the blame for that lay with —

 

"That has nothing to do with me.”

 

["You said I breached your Door Crossing just now,” Subaru was asking. “And once
before, too?"]

 

["You and your thick skull barged in here not three or four hours ago,” her onscreen
self complained.]

 



Frederica knew that she couldn't really judge Beatrice. Beatrice was a Great Spirit, and she
had been responsible for the Forbidden Library and the Forbidden Library alone, and today
she was Subaru's contracted spirit.

 

The weight in her stomach refused to go away.

 

["The time I came in, messing with your setup, and you got mad so you bullied me. Got
it.” Subaru leaned back, staring up at the ceiling. “…In other words, this is the...second
time I woke up in the manor, then. —In other words, I went five days ahead, and I've
gone four days back..?"]

 

[Understanding is one thing. Accepting it is something else. …I didn’t even get a single
warning.]

 

Reinhard wondered if he was supposed to cry, at times like this. He felt like he wanted to,
maybe: his chest hurt, in that way he believed he’d often heard other people describe, when
they were sad.

 

But Reinhard felt far too numb to say that he was really feeling anything at all. That made
sense: monsters don’t cry, after all.

 

It was a foolish thing, Wilhelm knew, for a soldier to complain about not having had a
warning before an attack.

 

But this version of Subaru was not a soldier, and the Mathers Estate had not been a
battlefield. He had simply been a boy going to sleep, excited to go on a date with a pretty girl,
with his only sin being that he had attempted to pet a puppy in the nearby village.

 

Wilhelm gritted his teeth, restraining himself from getting up to go and break his fist against
the wall. Some decorum — was necessary, here. If he didn’t want to worry Subaru in the
present day.

 



["Did the conditions change from before..? I made myself think dying sent me back, but
maybe it goes back on auto after one week..? No, if that were the case, then..."]

 

[Then there would be no reason for me to have woken up back here, in this place, at this
time — at all.]

 

[“—But wasn’t a scarred middle-aged man, this time: it was those two angelic maids.”
Subaru snorted. “Guess I’ve moved on up…”]

 

“Pervert,” Ram said, crossing her arms.

 

Rem wanted to say that she agreed with Ram’s jab, but…

 

She wanted to hate this boy. It would be easier if she could hate this boy. And yet, everything
she had seen so far was—

 

“I feel like you’re just looking for opportunities to call me that, Nee-sama.”

 

“There is no need. Barusu keeps presenting them on a silver platter.”

 

Rem shook her head.

 

[I’m uninjured now, I know. I feel fine, physically. You’d think that nothing had…]

 

And wasn’t that a vicious thought? You’d think that nothing had happened at all. Wasn’t that
the cruelest part of this circus show?

 

Crusch felt something cold curling up beneath her heart, filling her with an unusual sense of
anger.



 

["But if I died, how did I die?” Subarus wondered. “Everything was normal before I
slept during the fourth night. At any rate, it didn't feel like any situation I'd die in my
sleep before reaching the fifth day. —So does that mean it's a forced loop unless I reach
clear conditions…?"]

 

Julius shivered at the thought. What an absolutely nightmarish…!

 

This situation was already a nightmare. But that idea — it might just be even worse.

 

["This is an awfully confusing setup for anyone,” Subaru complained. “But — I'm the
kind of gamer who gives up quickly and runs off to read a strategy guide..."]

 

He didn’t even have a single clue about what had happened to him. Rom gritted his teeth.
Somehow — it was nastier than anything else, that Subaru had died peacefully in his sleep.

 

["It's become rather boring around here with all the mumbling you've been doing,”
Beatrice interrupted. “Death this, life that — this is why humans are so boring, I
suppose. It's all deceits and conceits to the very end. This is is why I can't hold a
conversation with your kind…”]

 

Beatrice stared at herself, aghast. Painfully drained him of all his mana out of annoyance,
refused to save him from certain death, and now she was insulting him for being upset by the
harrowing experience of…

 

Was this — really what she had been like?

 

[That’s an awfully blunt way to put it, but — at least one thing hasn’t changed.]

 

“—He found that comforting?” Crusch frowned.

 



Ferris wanted to make a joke about Subaru being a masochist, but he was still struggling to
pull himself together as it was. He couldn’t cry now— Not over something that had already
been said and done a year ago—!

 

“It’s familiar,” Wilhelm answered in his stead. “He’s never seen the Great Spirit Beatrice act
in any other manner, no matter what else may be happening around them.”

 

He could understand why that stability would be comforting in a world where time itself
could not be trusted, yes. He could understand it well.

 

The weight in Frederica's stomach only grew.

 

["Leaving, I suppose?" Beatrice asked.]

 

["There're some things I've gotta figure out,” Subaru confirmed. “I'll leave moping
around for sometime later. Thanks."]

 

["I have done nothing at all...”]

 

Was that really all he had needed, back then? Just — someone to sit there with him while he
sorted out his thoughts?

 

Beatrice could always give him that, if that was what he needed.

 

[“Would you leave already, I wonder?” Beatrice snapped. “I really must readjust
Betty’s Door Crossing."]

 

[Not a sliver of gentleness, Subaru thought with amusement. But in a way, that’s more
reassuring than anything else would have been.]

 



“Masochist,” Ferris managed to mutter out loud, shaking his head. It was too quiet for Subaru
to hear and therefore not a proper opening with which to tease him — but it was something,
at least.

 

[Subaru opened the door and stepped — outside, into the garden of the Mathers
Estate.]

 

Emilia blinked. “Ah…?”

 

It was extremely unusual, for that to be Beatrice’s choice for which door to use to tether the
Forbidden Library. For understandable reasons, she had almost always solely chosen to keep
herself restricted to the inner doors of the Manor. Emilia hadn’t even been aware that she
COULD choose to link her library to the front door like this.

 

“Why…?” But Emilia’s question was answered before she had even finished asking it.

 

[There, in the grass was—]

 

["Ahh,” Subaru sighed. “She really is so radiant."]

 

“Ah.” Emilia chuckled. “You sent him directly where you knew he needed to go, didn’t
you?”

 

Beatrice softened, a little. Perhaps she hadn’t been all bad, back then.

 

["—Subaru!" Emilia cried out in relief, rushing to his side.]

 

But at the same time—

 



"That has nothing to do with me.”

 

Beatrice wouldn’t be able to forget that in a hurry.

 

["Don't make me worry like that!” Emilia scolded, looking incredibly stern. “Ram and
Rem were really worked up, running all around the mansion making a big fuss because
you ran off right after you woke up."]

 

["Rare for them to get that worked up, huh…” Subaru replied, frowning.]

 

“You did rush out into the hall without warning before disappearing off into the Forbidden
Library,” Ram sighed. “Poor Rem and Ram probably spent the whole morning looking for
you, thanks to that foolish stunt. —Ram almost certainly won’t have any time to give you a
tour of the Manor before you begin your first day of work, this time around…”

 

Such a handful. Barusu was always such a…

 

[“—And sorry,” Subaru was apologizing. “Beatrice held me up for a bit."]

 

["Again?” Emilia looked concerned. “I heard she picked on you once already before I
got up, but..."]

 

“Pinning all the blame on me, in fact,” Beatrice sighed. “—Don’t you DARE try to apologize
to me again, you stupid contractor!”

 

[Subaru gingerly reached out a hand for her, a vague expression on his face. —But this
Emilia didn’t know him well enough to understand that this was unusual behavior,
never mind prying into what might be wrong.]

 

Beatrice faltered. Emilia could feel tears welling up in her eyes once again.



 

It had only been four days — but those four days had been so very, very precious…!

 

["What is it?” Emilia asked. “Is there something on my face?"]

 

And now the Emilia onscreen didn’t even know Subaru well enough to understand when he
needed a hug.

 

["Yeah,” Subaru smiled. “There are cute eyes, nose, ears, and mouth all over your
face…” He backtracked on the sweet talk at the scowl on her face. “Er,” he said. “I’m
glad to see you’re all right.”]

 

Felt snorted. “Smooth,” she commented.

 

“There’s probably something charming about him being this obvious with it,” Rom sighed.
“Even if it is — hard to watch, a little bit.”

 

“I think it’s sweet,” Reinhard smiled.

 

["Yes, I'm quite all right,” Emilia nodded. “Because you protected me. How about your
condition, Subaru?"]

 

["Ah, all good, all good. Thanks to blood loss, mana drain, and the shock from when I
woke up, I'm a bit weak and my mind feels like it's been beaten with a bat, but I'm
feeling good!"]

 

["I see, that's won— Eh?” Emilia started. “That sounds like you've been taking a
beating all over...!”]

 

Emilia sighed. He was always worrying her, wasn’t he…?



 

“Great job at reassuring yer Lady, kid,” Ricardo chuckled.

 

He — wasn’t really ready to laugh, yet. But he could try to lift the mood a little bit here,
couldn’t he…?

 

“I didn’t say anything that wasn’t true!” Subaru defended.

 

“I think that’s what makes it so worrying,” Crusch replied.

 

["I'm fine!” Subaru spread out both arms and spun around, showing himself off.
“See?"]

 

[Alright, that’s enough moping around. I have to start being Natsuki Subaru.]

 

“It’s always one or the other with you, isn’t it?” Julius sighed.

 

“Why does it feel like I’ve just been insulted out of nowhere?!”

 

—Emilia frowned.

 

Was Subaru… Did Subaru often push things down, for other people’s sakes? Emilia was
aware that he did that a little bit, but—

 

["Well, that's fine and good...” Emilia’s onscreen self sighed, none the wiser to what was
actually going on, here. “Er, are you going back to the mansion? I have a little bit of
business, actually."]

 



["Ah, chat time with the spirits, huh?” Subaru nodded. “I won't be in the way, so can I
stay?” he asked. “And lend Puck to me, would you?"]

 

Julius winced, hissing softly at Subaru’s unintentional slip.

 

“Uh oh,” Anastasia sighed, bracing herself. “Now he’s gonna have to explain how he knows
about…”

 

Hopefully Subaru could think up a good excuse. And — at least Emilia had Puck with her,
and Puck could confirm that his intentions were…

 

["That's fine,” Emilia nodded, sounding as though she were speaking down to a child.
“But you really have to stay out of the way. This isn't a game."]

 

—Anastasia frowned. Lady Emilia…she didn’t even question it?

 

[That sisterly behavior is so cute… Subaru shook his head. Alright. I’m getting it
together!]

 

["Okay, Emilia-tan, let's get this show on the road! Time is short, the world is big, and
our tale has just begun!"]

 

To be the sort of woman who could help a man regain his strength simply by greeting him
warmly in the glow of the morning... Frederica swallowed at the bittersweet wonderfulness of
such a thought.

 

Ferris forced himself to laugh. “C-Calling nyer Lady ‘Emilia-tan’ right from the start again,
eh, Subaru-kyun?” he teased. “What a nyaughty boy nyew are. Don’t nyew knyow girls don’t
like being chased by boys who come on too strong~?”

 



“I think that sort of chasing might be necessary when it comes to this specific girl,” Felt
muttered to herself, the corner of her mouth twitching upwards in a wry smile.

 

Subaru grasped onto the attempted olive branch of good-natured teasing eagerly. “Go on, go
on, laugh it up!” he complained, his eyes flirting towards the other downturned faces
scattered around the room. “But at least nobody can say that I indecisively drag girls along,
now do I?!”

 

["I suppose s... Eh?” Emilia blinked. “What did you say just now? Where did this 'tan'
come from...?"]

 

["It's okay, just go with the flow!"]

 

“Storming the castle right from the start, eh?” Ricardo chuckled. “That’s definitely one tactic,
here, I’ll give it that.”

 

“Says the guy who still doesn’t have a wife,” Subaru retorted. “I think my tactic works way
better than whatever you’ve been up to!”

 

“A wife, already?” Ferris gasped theatrically. “Don’t tell me, did you and Lady Emilia
already…?!”

 

Ricardo threw back his head and laughed.

 

["—We'll get them back."]

 

Ferris faltered at Subaru’s sudden serious tone.

 

["I dunno who's got it in for me,“ Subaru growled under his breath. “But I'm gonna
take it all back and make you cry. Don't underestimate how tenacious I can be after I
fell madly in love with the smile I saw that night…!”]



 

Ferris pressed his lips together. He understood that feeling, he thought.

 

—Or, he liked to think that he understood.

 

“Good on him for pulling himself together so fast,” Crusch muttered. She wasn’t certain that
she would be able to do the same, if she found herself in his position.

 

…Really, Ferris feared that he was the kind of man who just wanted to curl up in a dark
corner and cry about everything that he had lost.

 

[My plan was to redo everything in exactly the same way, and then change only the end
result, Subaru reflected later. That way I’d be able to best predict what was actually
coming, and…]

 

["So, what is this...?” Subaru wondered. “Did I mess up somewhere...?"]

 

Subaru squawked loudly.

 

[In the steamy bath, Subaru dunked the lower half of his face underwater, blowing
bubbles as he pondered his situation.]

 

Rem shrieked, recoiling as she hastily tried to block out the sight of the meteor.

 

“ALL RIGHT!” Crusch shouted, immediately moving to shield her eyes. “I DO NOT NEED
TO SEE THAT.”

 

“S-Subaru-kyun—!” Ferris yelped, jerked out of his solemn state by the shock of being so
abruptly exposed to the sight of his fellow knight naked in the bath.



 

“Onee-chan, cover your eyes—!”

 

“Eh? What?” Mimi shouted, her brothers both having hastily moved to block ther older
sister’s vision. “What’s going on?!”

 

“Could have used a WARNING, here!” Anastasia shouted, doing much the same for herself.

 

“Wha— Get off, Reinhard!” Felt shouted. “Ya think I’ve never seen a naked jackass before?!
Get off, stop that—!”

 

"What is THIS?!" Frederica yelled, eyes squeezed firmly shut. "Subaru-sama— I'm not—!"

 

“I’M NOT LOOKING!” Emilia cried out, hands firmly clasped over her eyes. “I’M NOT
LOOKING, SUBARU, I’M NOT—!”

 

—Ram crossed her arms. There was no shame in her seeing her little brother in the nude, as
far as she was concerned.

 

But, she frowned, looking at the rest of the room as it devolved into chaos. I’d rather
Barusu’s naked visage not be put on display like this.

 

“There, there, Barusu,” she said casually, keeping her tone light. “I’ve seen your naked self
before, and I can assure you that there isn’t anything here for anyone to ogle anyway.”

 

“I’m not sure if I’m glad to hear that or not?!” Subaru cried out.

 

“The soapy water is covering up everything perfectly fine,” Ram dismissed. “That is all that
Ram meant, filthy-minded Barusu.”



 

“I’m not sure whether I believe you or not!”

 

[It’s like Ram went from teaching Odd Jobs 101 to Odd Jobs 401, his onscreen self was
thinking, still feeling a little overwhelmed by an intense second first day as a
manservant. It was a completely different workload this time around…!]

 

[“They were still all odd jobs,” he noted. “But…there was waaaay more to them than
last time…”]

 

[Maybe Ram is just trusting me with higher-level work, and with more of it? Maybe that’s
how I should look at it…]

 

Ram snorted. “That’s not saying much,” she declared. “Considering how absurdly little you
were doing before.”

 

“The— The uselessness of the student is at least partially the teacher’s fault, isn’t it, Nee-
sama?”

 

“Putting the blame for your uselessness on your superiors — have you no shame?”

 

["Last time everything just ran me ragged, but this time it was hard as nails,” Subaru
sighed. “Damn, I thought it was gonna be easy, all the same stuff…”]

 

“Ha!” Ram snorted. “Useless Barusu, always looking for the easy way out…”

 

[It’s not just the hard work: it’s so unpredictable. What if a new problem comes up because
too much suddenly changed?]

 



Ram’s face twisted uncomfortably, her mirth shriveling up somewhat in her stomach. That —
was a reasonable fear, for him to have in this situation.

 

["I still don't have any real clue why I went back this time around..." Subaru frowned,
thinking. “With this many differences, can I rely on my memory at all...?"]

 

—Ram didn’t want to make her own emotional burdens into Barusu’s. She shook her head to
clear it.

 

“I-It’s a reasonable concern,” Crusch stammered, trying to avert her attention away from the
obvious. “If he doesn’t have any idea what happened, and then even the few clues he DID
have seem to change…”

 

It was entirely possible for him to go the rest of his life without ever getting an answer as to
why he had once died alone in his sleep, Wilhelm concluded grimly. That uncertainty was the
kind of psychological stress that could break a man.

 

[Subaru dunked himself underwater, holding his breath for as long as he could before
resurfacing, taking in air as he finished gathering his thoughts.]

 

["Well, hello. Maaay I join you?"]

 

[—And there was Roswaal, stark naked in front of him.]

 

Frederica shrieked.

 

Ram choked, her eyes flying wide. “Ros—!”

 

She had seen him naked before, but normally she’d had time to prepare herself for it!

 



”What is HE doing here?!” Hetaro shouted, eyes wide.

 

“Why is the Margrave naked?!” Crusch squawked, looking slightly panicked. “I don’t need to
see all of—!”

 

”Where the Hell did he come from?!” Otto yelped. “Is he really— Does he have to be here
right now?!”

 

“Huh,” Felt said, nodding slightly. She was completely calm. “So his dick IS normal under
those clown clothes, then...”

 

Anastasia paused, and then turned to her fellow Candidate. “Pardon?” she asked.

 

"There were some rumors floating around the slums about—"

 

["It's currently occupied,” Subaru said. “I refuse."]

 

["The facilities in my own manor are my personal belongings, are they noot? Allow me
to freely enjoy them.”]

 

["Then don't ask. You don't need my permission to get in the tub!"]

 

“Talk about an eccentric,” Wilhelm sighed. He tried to remember if the Roswaal he knew —
this one’s grandmother — would have behaved in a similar fashion.

 

…Perhaps.

 

“An eccentric is right,” Anastasia laughed. “I can see why he’s got the reputation that he
does…!”



 

“What the Hell is he doing?!” Garfiel growled. If it were anyone else, maybe he’d be
laughing alongside the other three Camps.

 

But Roswaal—!

 

["Oh my, so haaarsh,” Roswaal said with amusement. “You do not understand. The
bath is certainly my personal possession..."]

 

[Roswaal went down on one knee as his hand reached out and gently lifted Subaru's
head up by his chin.]

 

[“...But in the capacity of my servant,” he smiled. “Are yooou not as well?"]

 

Felt squawked. “OI!”

 

“That’s not—!” Julius shouted, his eyes widening.

 

“Talk about inappropriate!” Crusch exclaimed. “Is the Margrave always like this with his
staff?!”

 

“According to rumors…” Rachins sighed.

 

“He did design the maid uniforms in a very specific manner,” Ferris added.

 

Crusch — wasn’t sure how she felt about that.

 

Ram didn’t want to admit that she wasn’t surprised by this behavior in the least. She sighed.



 

Emilia’s face was still hidden behind her hands. She blinked. Roswaal’s there…?

 

[Subaru bit down on his hand.]

 

“WARRANTED!” Garfiel yelled. “ABSOLUTELY WARRANTED!”

 

Even Ram couldn’t argue against that.

 

[Roswaal laughed a little. "No hesitation, I seeee."]

 

[Subaru swam backward, hastily putting distance between Roswaal and himself.]

 

Rem stared at the screen in disbelief. So this was the man who had been acting as her
employer…?

 

Crusch sucked in a breath. “I just realized that this was Subaru’s introduction to Lugunican
nobility,” she announced.

 

Julius snorted, and then dissolved into uncharacteristic, uncontrollable laughter.

 

Subaru gaped at him, utterly taken aback by the sudden storm of hysterics. “Wha— What’s
so funny?!” he demanded.

 

“Oh, that—” Julius wheezed, struggling to get the words out. “That suddenly — mahakes
everything make so much more SEHENSE—!”

 



["Another twist I didn't expect, geez..." Subaru sighed, having not encountered
Roswaal almost at all in the last loop. "Damn it, every little thing's happening in
completely different ways than what I expected..."]

 

["Althooough I know not what troubles you,” Roswaal said, moving over to sit by
Subaru’s side. “Not eeeverything in this world goes according to plan."]

 

The sheer absurdity of this situation slowly overtook the shock of being suddenly assaulted
with the image of Subaru naked in the bath, and so the people within the theater began to
settle down.

 

“I really don’t like this…” Subaru muttered.

 

“I’m sure it’ll be over soon,” Anastasia sighed. “—If any of my retainers give you issues over
this one, just tell me and I’ll take care of it.”

 

“Mimi wouldn’t be THAT mean!” Mimi objected, eyes widening as a wounded expression
spread across her face.

 

[Subaru frowned. “I only just noticed, but I guess even you take off your makeup for
hot baths.”]

 

["Mm? Aaahh, that's right.” Roswaal blinked. “Oh my, Subaru, I wonder iiif this is the
first time you have seen my face unadorned?"]

 

["I suppose it is,” Subaru said. “I'm like, you look totally normal. No need to hide your
face like that."]

 

“What an insulting thing to tell your boss,” Crusch commented, giggling slightly. Next to her,
Wilhelm sighed, shaking his head with a smile on his face.

 



—Subaru swallowed. That question from Roswaal carried a bit of a different weight to it,
now.

 

He shook his head. He didn’t want to think about that right now.

 

["Cosmetics is a hobby of mine. 'Tis nooot out of any need to hide my face. It is not as if
the curl of my lips or the arch of my nose are abhorrent to the eye...” Roswaal raised a
hand to his lips. “Oh my."]

 

["Don't look at me while saying that stuff,” Subaru scowled. “Make three doe-eyed
blinks and I'm keeling over here and now."]

 

Otto was very carefully avoiding the thought that cosmetics being a personal hobby would be
something that Subaru and the Margrave had in common with one another.

 

[Being born with bad looks is a serious drawback when making first impressions, Subaru
reflected. And if I wanna complain about the face I was born with, what can I say? I look
exactly like my mom!]

 

“He does, does he?” Wilhelm wondered to himself. Not for the first time, he wondered what
Subaru’s parents had been like, back where he came from.

 

“I think you have a very lovely face!” Emilia insisted, though she was still very staunchly
looking away from the meteor. “It may be a little unusual-looking, but…”

 

Subaru gaped at her, wounded.

 

[Mom…]

 

[Subaru suddenly had a rather conflicted look on his face.]



 

The entire theater winced as one, the mirth temporarily dissipating into the atmosphere.

 

That was right. Subaru’s family would be…

 

“…Subaru—” Emilia tried to say, her voice suddenly much softer.

 

“It’s fine, Emilia,” Subaru brushed off. There was a smiled fixed against his face. “I— I came
to terms with it a while ago, you know?”

 

Nobody was really sure if they believed him. But — it wasn’t really their place to interrogate
it, was it? And even if it was, certainly this wouldn’t be the time for it…

 

["Aaare you getting along nicely with Ram and Rem?” Roswaal asked, changing the
subject. “They've worked here for quite a while, so they are suuurely passing things
along to their junior?"]

 

[Subaru shook himself. "Well, I haven't talked to Rem much, but I'm getting along well
with Ram.” He snorted. “If anything, Ram is a bit too friendly,” he commented. “Even
with us senior and junior, she hasn't treated me any differently from when I was a
guest."]

 

Ram folded her arms across her chest, pressing her lips together disapprovingly. Subaru
shrank away from her slightly.

 

“What a thing to say to nyer boss,” Ferris giggled. “—Though, Lord Roswaal would
definyitely take his senior waitstaff’s word over the nyewcomer’s, so there wasn’t really
anything to worry about…”

 

Crusch shook her head.

 



“…Too friendly?” Otto echoed. “Too friendly — Ram? …Natsuki-san, with all due respect,
you’re really not doing much for your reputation as…”

 

“You ain’t one ta talk about THAT, Otto-bro,” Garfiel snickered.

 

["Weeell, Rem will make up for that shortcoming,” Roswaal smiled. “It is only right
sisters support each other. Those two are verrry well suited for each other in that
sense."]

 

Was that the case? It certainly seemed so, from what they had seen so far. Rem wondered just
how far that…

 

She felt her older sister squeeze her hand. Rem looked over to see Ram smiling gently at her,
with a look she had never seen directed at anyone else.

 

“We’ll figure it out,” she said simply. “Us sisters will figure everything out, once we get
back.”

 

After a moment, Rem squeezed her hand back.

 

["From what I see and hear, Ram's the weaker sister, while Rem always covers for her,”
Subaru said. “But all I hear is, 'Ram's amazing because she's older.'” He sighed. “Being
so bold is unreal."]

 

["Your nerve is quite impressive,” Roswaal said mildly. “If you wish to speak of being
bold, I think you are quite the specimen?”]

 

“Comes in completely naked without warning, insists on joining Natsuki-san in the bath,
calls him his property while fondling his chin, and now makes an insinuation about him
having a big dick,” Otto marveled, almost impressed. “The Margrave truly knows no…”

 



Julius found himself laughing even harder than he had before. Oh, this was putting SO much
into context…!

 

[“But I see. I wonder if you replied and said the same things to her?” Roswaal teased.
“It is quite a thing you are treading upon without reserve, which is quite maaarvelous."]

 

["The emphasis there doesn't sound like praise at all, you know?" Subaru sighed.]

 

[I don’t hesitate to poke my head into people’s personal business because I’m so bad at
reading the mood, Subaru reflected. But — that does mean it’s easy for me to get isolated,
I guess…]

 

Rom blinked. “That’s surprisingly self-aware of you,” he commented.

 

“Thank you, thank yo— Hey, what do you mean, SURPRISINGLY?!”

 

Ricardo snorted at the idea of Subaru ever being “isolated.” He didn’t think he’d ever met
someone so effortlessly social before in his life.

 

["It is not sarcasm,” Roswaal admitted. “I truly believe it is a gooood thing.”]

 

“It does have its benefits, probably,” Crusch agreed. “Tact and grace are appreciated, but…I
think it’s nice to talk with someone who’s honest to a fault about their true feelings,
sometimes.”

 

Wilhelm knew what his Lady meant by that. As unconventional as it might be, Subaru’s
attitude had a certain charm to it. One that could bring down otherwise impenetrable walls,
even — as he himself had experienced firsthand.

 

[“Those girls are a little too perfect for each other, you see,” Roswaal explained. “Quite
likely, some things change only when someone comes from outside and gives a



little...push, yeees?"]

 

Rem blinked. Ram frowned.

 

["Something like that, huh?" Subaru pondered.]

 

["Something like that, indeeeed."]

 

Had that been their relationship? If Lord Roswaal said it, then Ram assumed it was
probably…

 

Rem didn’t know if she should trust this man’s opinions about anything. But, from how she
had seen her old self act around her sister, she thought that maybe…

 

“So that was their relationship,” Otto murmured. Rem and Ram — and Subaru, too. He could
easily picture Subaru coming in and doggedly nestling right between two sisters who
otherwise never made any other friends. That was Subaru’s nature, after all.

 

He had done much the same for everyone else, as far as Otto was aware.

 

["Oh, right.” Subaru blinked. “Ros-chi, there's something I wanted to ask you. Is that
all right?"]

 

["Weeell,“ Roswaal drawled. “If it is within my vast personal knowledge, I wooould not
mind."]

 

["That's the most roundabout way of saying 'I'm really smart' that I've ever heard,”
Subaru commented.]

 



Frederica sighed.

 

“Oh, to feel so free to call out yer boss like that,” Ricardo chuckled.

 

Anastasia put her hands on her hips. “And what is THAT supposed to mean?”

 

[“But ah, anyway, how is this bath heated? —Not that I'm boiling in here. I just noticed
before I got in."]

 

[This bath is for both genders — but everything in it gets swapped after each time, so I
don’t get any special sense of fulfillment from getting in after Emilia…!]

 

Frederica winced.

 

“Pervert,” Ram said.

 

“You’re the one watching me in the bath right now, Nee-sama…” Subaru muttered, face
bright red. This was reasonable, as most of the theater had started laughing at him once again.

 

“Do you think Ram WANTS to be here right now, Barusu?” she retorted. “Ram is being held
here against her will, just like everyone else—”

 

“Could be worse,” Crusch sighed, watching them bicker. “He could have tried to drink it.”

 

Wilhelm wanted to say that even his younger self would have known better than to do that,
but… The audacious spirit of youth truly did take him by surprise to the point of scariness,
sometimes.

 



["From time to time, your inquisitive spirit truuuly astounds me,” Roswaal said,
amused. “I wonder if it is youth...although I wonder if I would have had that thought
when I was your age? —Regardless, the answer is quite simple. You seeee, there is a
fire-attuned magic crystal under the bathtub that heats it. When triggered by the mana
of someone entering the bath, it activates and brings the water to a boil. Surely you used
such a thing in the kitchen?"]

 

["So that's how that pot worked,” Subaru said. “I was wondering how you cooked here
without gas."]

 

“He really came here without knowing anything,” Crusch marveled.

 

Thank goodness — that he had stumbled upon a group of friendly people willing to take him
in and teach him basic common sense like this.

 

[Subaru was suddenly frowning. "If it’s mana, does that mean only magic users can use
it?"]

 

["Nooot at all,” Roswaal said. “All life forms have 'gates.' Nooo plant or animal is an
exception. If 'twas not so, we could nooot achieve a society built on the use of magic
crystals."]

 

“That’s right,” Anastasia realized. “If Natsuki-kun came from a world without magic,
then…!”

 

“Nyo wonder he’s been so reckless with his gate,” Ferris muttered. —Though, even that
wasn’t enough to quell his annoyance at him for that one. “Stupid, stupid Subaru-kyun…”

 

[Roswaal cleared his throat and raised a finger. "Very well, shaaall we indulge in a
lesson here?” he offered. “I, teaching magic tooo you, the somewhat unenlightened?"]

 



[Subaru suddenly brightened. "I'll ignore the way that stuff came out and accept with
grace!” he said, pushing aside the rather dirty joke with excitement.]

 

Julius chuckled. He thought it was nice, that Subaru was so excited by the idea of performing
magic. It was the sort of relatable that made him feel warm inside.

 

Reinhard didn’t really understand the appeal, himself. Special powers were nothing special to
him, after all, and even if magic wasn’t one of his specialties, he couldn’t help but feel that
the allure had been somewhat sucked out, all the same. —But he was glad that Subaru looked
as happy as he did, learning about something so mundane.

 

["Your voice sounds very low all of a sudden,” Roswaal was saying. “So you do not
know of gates...or shall I saaay, ‘totally’? Mm, did I use that word from your homeland
correctly?"]

 

[“You did!” Subaru confirmed cheerfully. “High five, Ros-chi!”]

 

It was nice to see Subaru bonding so easily with his boss. Even if such a relationship was —
rather unconventional.

 

But then, Julius considered, it wasn’t like Subaru was a very conventional person, anyway.
And neither was Roswaal, really. Perhaps it would have been stranger, to see Roswaal and
Subaru acting like a more conventional employer and employee.

 

["Ahhh,” Subaru nodded as Roswaal explained. “It's like a faucet connected to MP…”]

 

Anastasia had no idea what MP was.

 

“It’s a term from a popular kind to game,” Subaru answered awkwardly. “Ah— Beyond that,
it’s kind of hard to…”

 



After all, these people didn’t even know what a video game was!

 

[“So if everyone has a gate, I have one, too?" Subaru clarified.]

 

["Weeell, you surely would, if you are confident that you aaare human. So, are you?"]

 

["There's no purer human that's been thrown into another world, ever,” Subaru
declared. “Totally normal. Totally mob-grade."]

 

Wilhelm winced. The phrase “mob-grade” brought with it—

 

“First time, it was a pathetic death; second time, it was a bold death; third time, I died like a
dog. Man, if I died then, I’d be on a one-way ticket to mob-ville!”

 

“Being a regular human shouldn’t be an invitation for others to come and hurt you, Subaru,”
he muttered. It was too quiet a statement for anyone else to hear him.

 

["Of course the first thing I'm happy about is meeting Emilia, but this is pretty
awesome!” Subaru was getting more excited by the minute. “Finally, I can fulfill my
dream of being a magic user... I've waited my whole life for this!"]

 

["Weeell, I am glad speaking of magic pleases you so,” Roswaal said. “But becoming a
magic user is largely dependent ooon fortune. In the first place, the properties of gates
matter a great deal. You are uuunlikely to be as blessed as a genius such as I. I boast
only because I must."]

 

“Something tells me Natsuki-kun isn’t gonna heed that warning,” Anastasia grinned.

 

And of course, she was right.

 



[Right — Roswaal doesn’t know that I’m from another world, Subaru remembered
brightly. And tradition says that those summoned from another world get special abilities!
I haven’t had any luck so far — not with intellect or weapons or even luck itself — but
magic…!]

 

["My new hope is in your hands, Ros-chi,” Subaru declared, his eyes shining. “Magic,
magic, let’s talk magic some more! There’s a magic wave here, and my twinkling
future’s surfing on it!”]

 

“I soo wannya read Subaru-kyun’s stash of trashy world-hopping romance nyovels,” Ferris
giggled.

 

“I just wanna know how often he’s been referencing them without us realizing it,” Ricardo
laughed.

 

Subaru watched his old self dance around excitedly in the bath and wished he could melt into
the floor and disappear.

 

["Is that sooo?” Roswaal said, amused. “Then let us continue. Did you knooow that
magic has four basic affinities?"]

 

["Nope!"]

 

["Ahaaa, it feels good to have someone so senselessly, pointlessly guileless and ignorant
before me, so I shall explain…”]

 

Otto scowled. He didn’t like how the Margrave had said that. Even if it was true, for Subaru
to be this way before someone like Roswaal…

 

Unaware of the Margrave’s true nature, Anastasia was chuckling. She thought that she could
understand that appeal, herself.



 

[“Incidentally,” Roswaal smirked. “I shall have you know I have an affinity for aaall
four."]

 

["Whoa, the boasting's annoying but I'll praise you anyway!”]

 

“Oh, to have an employee who’s both that overt about their feelings and that willing to
shower praise upon their employer,” Felt cackled. “One hell of a combination, I’ll give it
that…!”

 

“I can certainly give it that,” Rachins agreed. His voice was still quiet, but there was a certain
wetness to it that was returning, bit by bit. Felt beamed at him in delight.

 

“At least ya know he’s sincere,” Anastasia chortled. “Something awful appealing about that,
in a weird sort of way.”

 

[“How do you figure out someone's element?" Subaru was asking.]

 

["Naaaturally,” Roswaal replied. “A magic user as accomplished as I can discover that
through mere touch."]

 

["Seriously?!” Subaru exclaimed, looking like an excited, untrained puppy eagerly
begging for a treat. “This is what I've been waiting for. Well, do it and tell me!"]

 

Julius found himself giggling uncontrollably at Subaru’s antics. He frantically tried to cover
his mouth, hoping that Subaru wouldn’t—

 

“What the Hell are you laughing at, jackass?!” Subaru cried, already at his limit.

 

Alas. He noticed.



 

Julius opened his mouth, not really knowing what he was going to say. But what tumbled out
was—

 

“You’re just so CUTE!”

 

—probably the worst thing he could have said.

 

Subaru looked like Julius had just stabbed him in the back. His wide-eyed, wounded
expression only made Julius laugh even harder.

 

["Well, if you shaaall excuse me,” Roswaal said. “Myon myon myon myon..."]

 

["Whoa! A magical sound! Total fantasy immersion!"]

 

“You are so easy to entertain,” Anastasia chuckled. Subaru stared away listlessly, still too
stunned into silence by Julius’ dreadful blow to properly respond to her.

 

Not that he would have been able to do so anyway, because he knew that she was absolutely
right.

 

[“Yeeees, I seee…”]

 

["Here it comes! What, what is it?” Subaru was practically jumping up and down in his
excitement. “Maybe fire element that burns like I do?” he guessed. “Or water for when
I'm calm and composed, the coolest guy in the room? Or maybe wind because of my
refreshing nature, like the breeze blowing through the grass? No, no, it's gotta be earth
for my being such a laid back, big-brother-type nice guy, definitely!”]

 



Ferris was laughing too hard to tease Subaru properly for any of this. Subaru buried his face
in his hands, feeling just about ready to melt into the floor.

 

[“Yes,” Roswaal answered. “It’s Yin.”]

 

["None of the above?!"]

 

["You are completely, uuutterly Yin,” Roswaal said, in a grave-sounding voice. “Your
connection to the other four elements is quilite weak. —Put differently, though, this iiis
exceedingly rare..."]

 

["So what is Yin, anyway?” Subaru asked grumpily. “It's not in the other four
categories? Some kind of reject?"]

 

Julius barked out a laugh. “Why’s THAT your first guess?”

 

“Rather insulting, I suppose,” Beatrice muttered.

 

Because I’m the one who got it. —Subaru didn’t say that out loud. Instead he huffed and tried
to ignore the hot blush spreading across his cheeks.

 

["I did not mention it, buuut there are also elements beyond the basic four, namely Yin
and Yang,” Roswaal explained. “Hoooweeever, very few people have those affinities, so I
diiid not bother to explain."]

 

[Subaru suddenly looked a good deal less disappointed. A rare, limited element…in other
words, a special power!]

 

“Not a word,” Subaru muttered, even as giggles erupted all around him.

 



“Does Subaru-kyun want a special power?” Ferris asked, grinning. “Does he want to be
special and cool and awesome and—”

 

“Not a word!”

 

["It's gotta be a really awesome element,” Subaru decided. “Like some super-special
power that comes only once in five thousand years."]

 

“I’m really curious about those stories ya got all of this from,” Anastasia commented wryly.
“They certainly sound fun, don’t they?”

 

Subaru was never going to come out of this jar.

 

["Yes, Yin Magic is quite famous,” Roswaal agreed. “Able to obstruct an opponent's
vision, sever him from sound, slow his movements, and the like. Rather convenient
uses."]

 

[Subaru looked as though he had been let down all over again. "All debuffs?!"]

 

“Why are you disappointed?” Julius frowned. “Those kinds of spells are incredibly useful,
and their rarity often means that adversaries are unprepared to counter them properly. —That,
and they would let you subdue foes without risking the use of lethal force…”

 

[I’d been hoping that could use magic of peerless, legendary destruction, able to rend the
sky and split the earth…!]

 

Julius sighed. “Of course.”

 

—Though, he thought, looking at an unassuming Reinhard a little ways away. Julius had been
much the same at one point, hadn’t he? Perhaps those dreams were a natural landmark of
boyhood…



 

Reinhard smiled wistfully. He wished that he could have as much enthusiasm as Subaru did,
for abilities like…

 

["Summoned from a world without weapons skill, intellect, or cheat codes...” Subaru
sighed, looking very put out. “And a magical element for debuffs..."]

 

["Incidentally, you have no talent for magic,” Roswaal added cheerfully. “If my limit is
a ten, yours is about three."]

 

["I wanted to hear that even less!” Subaru groaned loudly, flopping backwards into the
bath. “This place is forsaken by God and Buddha!"]

 

“God and Buddha…?” Anastasia echoed thoughtfully.

 

“You spoiled little shit,” Ricardo cackled. “Only learned that magic was even an option like
two minutes ago, and…”

 

“There is something endearing about that attitude,” Wilhelm admitted.

 

["Well, using it at all is good, I think...” Subaru decided after a moment. “Or maybe
being a debuffer makes me kinda cool...?"]

 

“Nyes, Subaru-kyun is so amazingly cool!” Ferris agreed. “The coolest boy int eh world,
absolutely—!”

 

“Will you cut it out already?!”

 

["Putting aside the level of coolness,” Roswaal teased. “There is nooo harm in learning.
If you wish to use magic, by all means, learn. Fortunately for you, there is indeeeed a



specialist in Yin Magic here at this mansion."]

 

[Subaru suddenly looked very excited. "I see, that's it!” he exclaimed. “I suppose I
should be satisfied with learning magic for situations where you wanna slow someone
down. Okay, let's get this show on the road!"]

 

“He thinks it’s Lady Emilia, doesn’t he?” Anastasia guessed. Rom chuckled, having come to
the same conclusion himself.

 

“Useless contractor,” Beatrice sighed.

 

[Roswaal caught on quickly. "You seem to harbor a misunderstanding, buuut the
specialist in Yin Magic is nooot Emilia, you know?" he grinned.]

 

["The heck?!” Subaru flopped back down again. “Are you enjoying playing with
someone's heart like this?!” he demanded. “So who's the specialist, you, the elite magic
user with all elemental affinities?! This sucks!"]

 

“Useless, ungrateful contractor!”

 

["It is Beatrice."]

 

["That's worse!” Subaru shouted, dropping back into the bath with a loud splash.]

 

Beatrice squawked. “—No!” she snapped at Subaru, who abruptly closed his mouth. “No
more of your apologies, in fact! Why are you so annoying—?!”

 

["Damn, that was all over the map,” Subaru muttered, leaving the baths to go dry off
and put on a change of clothes. “Damn that Roswaal, working me up and down like that
like I'm on Buddha's palm…!”]



 

Anastasia wanted to ask about what he was referencing, but she refrained. She would do so at
a later date.

 

(This, and the stories from the stars — and everything else, too…!)

 

Frederica sighed loudly in relief, finally lowering her hands from where they had been
covering her eyes. That really had taken far too long...!

 

[It hasn’t even been a full day yet since I got healed up, Subaru thought. So it’s no wonder
I’m so tired; I have to expect some anemia, here…]

 

["Plus I'm gonna have serious aches and pains tomorrow,” he sighed. “Ugh, damn you,
Ram; you remember this, just because I'm better than last time doesn't mean you have
to work me like a dog..."]

 

["I will remember that as you wish."]

 

[Subaru shrieked in surprise, dropping the change of clothes that he had been carrying
out to go and change back into.]

 

“Perfect timing!” Ricardo laughed.

 

“Those sisters seem ta have a knack for it, don’t they?” Anastasia giggled.

 

[“Cover up that sorry thing,” Ram ordered, glancing up from Subaru’s nakedness with
a bored expression on her face.]

 

Ricardo choked. “Ouch.”



 

“What an awful thing to hear from a woman…!” Wilhelm winced.

 

“Right after Roswaal called it impressive, too,” Rom pointed out wryly. “Talk about mixed
messaging…”

 

[“I was just going to—! Hey, what’s that for—?!”]

 

["I'm sorry,” Ram said, having tossed Subaru’s dropped underwear into the garbage
right after picking them up. “I was gripped by psychological distaste the instant I
picked them up. I had to get rid of them without a single moment to spare.”]

 

["Considering all that, your form was very relaxed, huh?!" Subaru retorted tearfully,
moving to retrieve his underwear from the trash.]

 

“Nyew are merciless,” Ferris marveled. “Nyer ruthlessness puts Ferri-chan to shame…”

 

Ram folded her arms with a small huff.

 

“I don’t know why the two of you look so proud of this?!”

 

[“A-And what are you doing here, anyway?!”

 

["Unfortunately, I have already bathed,” Ram declared. “So my clothes will stay on no
matter how long you wait."]

 

Rachins tried not to look disappointed by that. He didn’t do a very good job: Felt still cuffed
him upside the head.

 



["I didn't say anything!” Subaru exclaimed. “And ain't that backward for a maid?!"]

 

["I jest,” Ram said. “I am simply waiting for Master Roswaal to finish before helping
him dress."]

 

["That's pampering him a little too much,” Subaru frowned. “I'm sure he can dress
himself. Don't tell me you both help him put on that weird makeup. My low trust's
falling even further….”]

 

It wasn’t actually uncommon for waitstaff to help dress their Masters, Wilhelm reflected.
Such a ritual was in fact quite a usual show of a noble’s status.

 

—Was this not a common occurrence, back where Subaru came from…?

 

["There shall be no rudeness toward Lord Roswaal in my presence,” Ram said sternly.
“Next time I shall spank you."]

 

Frederica coughed into her fist.

 

[I don’t think she’s kidding about that one…!]

 

Wilhelm started laughing.

 

“So you thought he was a kid at first too, huh?” Rom chuckled.

 

“He does give off that impression,” Ram sighed.

 

Crusch wondered if Ram really would have followed through on that. On one hand, it was
her right as his superior in the household to punish him as she saw fit, especially for



perceived insubordination. —But on the other, she doubted that Ram really wanted to do
something like that, especially where Subaru was concerned.

 

And in any case, Subaru seemed like the type of subordinate who could easily be kept in
check with words alone.

 

["Basuru,” Ram suddenly said, as Subaru made to excuse himself. “What are you doing
later?"]

 

["I'm just heading off to sleep,” Subaru said. “Morning comes early after all? Damn it.
Those mornings are really tough…"]

 

“Useless Barusu,” Ram repeated, shaking her head.

 

["Wait in your room, then,” her onscreen self ordered. “I'll be there later."]

 

Rem blinked. “What?” she asked.

 

That — surely not. That didn’t sound like… Did it?

 

[“…Huh?” Subaru asked, his voice sounding small.]

 

Ram rolled her eyes. “Filthy-minded Barusu,” she scolded.

 

“How else was I suppose to interpret that, Nee-sama?!”

 

[“Calm down, calm down,” Subaru chanted to himself, pacing back and forth in his
room. “She didn’t mean anything by it. And even if she did, Emilia’s the only one for



me — both physically and in terms of spirit, no other beauty could possibly
compare…!”]

 

“Oh dear,” Anastasia giggled.

 

Emilia hid her blushing face. Subaru…!

 

[“That’s why this perfectly made bed has one purpose,” Subaru declared, forcefully
thrusting an accusing finger at his bed. “For me to get a good night's sleep!"]

 

“Filthy-minded Barusu,” Ram repeated emphatically.

 

“I really don’t think this one’s his fault,” Rom cackled. “Ya really do like messing with him,
don’t ya, little lady…?”

 

“It seems that you are filthy-minded, yourself.”

 

Frederica giggled.

 

["There's no deep meaning to it,” Subaru chanted. “No deep meaning to it! Mundane
thoughts out, mundane thoughts out. Calm down, calm down…”]

 

Julius hid his smile behind his hand, trying to show mercy.

 

“What are YOU laughing at, grape-haired bastard?!”

 

Alas.

 



[“One Emilia, two Emilias, three Emilias... Is this Heaven?!"]

 

Wilhelm couldn’t help it anymore: he started laughing. Subarus stared at him with a look of
betrayal on his face, and this only made him laugh even harder.

 

Young men, he marveled inwardly. They sure are something else…!

 

["Be quiet, Barusu,” Ram ordered. “It's night already; do be quiet."]

 

["Yikes!"]

 

[Subaru made a large leap and slammed into the opposite wall. Ram, having opened the
door without a sound, was standing at the entrance to the room.]

 

Mimi started cackling. “He jumps like a frog!” she declared.

 

“Subaru-kyun is the CUTEST froggy there is, nyes!”

 

“Will you shut up?!”

 

["And just after I told you to be quiet,” Ram sighed. “You are hopeless."]

 

["What's with rules that apply for only you?!” Subaru cried. “Anyone would jump
from that! What do you want from me here?!”]

 

Otto felt a little bad, watching Subaru get bullied so relentlessly in both the past and present
moment.

 



But then again, Subaru bullied him all the time. Otto quietly banished his sympathy and
decided that he had it coming.

 

["What are you standing there for?” Ram said. “Come here, Barusu."]

 

“You really are enjoying dragging this out,” Otto sighed.

 

“Keep your filthy assumptions to yourself, merchant.”

 

["And?” With a look of dread on his face, Subaru cautiously approached the writing
desk. “What impossible trial awaits me this time?"]

 

["What are you talking about?” Ram frowned. “I told you, sit down quickly if you want
me to teach you how to read."]

 

“Ah,” Rem said, exhaling. This made more sense, yes.

 

["That's news to me!" Subaru exclaimed.]

 

Ram blinked. She had been the one to first teach Barusu…?

 

["But why now, all of a sudden...?” Subaru tilted his head.]

 

["I realized while watching you work today that you could not read or write,” Ram
answered. “So I will teach you. If you cannot read, I cannot send you to buy groceries or
leave you notes.”]

 

That — was indeed the sort of thing Ram could see herself doing. But it felt odd, to learn that
she had spent time teaching someone something like this and didn’t remember a thing about



it.

 

["We shall begin with a simple picture book meant for children,” Ram ordered. “I will
accompany you for study every night from now on."]

 

Yes. This was something that she’d had, once. Something that she had lost, and she hadn’t
even known…

 

Why did it feel like a hole had just opened up in her chest?

 

He’s going to die, she reminded herself. Whatever you see next — remember not to get
attached.

 

["Why are you being nice to me like this?" Subaru asked.]

 

“Ram is always nice, Barusu,” Ram declared. “It is just your poor sense of perception that
makes you believe otherwise.”

 

“Yes, Nee-sama. Sorry, Nee-sama…”

 

["It is obvious. It...” Ram shook her head. “No,” she corrected. “It is to make things
easier."]

 

["That wasn’t correcting yourself!” Subaru retorted. “You really never break character,
do you…?"]

 

Ram wondered if Barusu had ever realized it. —Probably not. He wasn’t really the insightful
sort.

 



Ah. Rem had realized it. She smiled. My sister really is a kind person, isn’t she…?

 

["It is only natural,” Ram declared. “As your work increases, mine decreases. If my
work decreases, Rem's work will naturally decrease as well. It’s a win-win situation, you
see?"]

 

["That means a ton of work falling on me, though?!"]

 

“Yes.” Ram nodded, in agreement with her past self. “A win-win situation, for everyone
important.”

 

“You really have no restraint, do you?”

 

Rem watched them bicker, a blank expression on her face.

 

["Okay, roger that.” Subaru nodded. “Let's get this studying started, shall we?"]

 

["Since you already have the spoken language down, it should not be all that difficult,”
Ram said. “After all, now is the time to correct your vulgar word selection."]

 

["Tossing in insults with your help, huh?"]

 

“You really shouldn’t be surprised by that at this point, Natsuki-san.”

 

“Indeed. It is how Ram shows her affection.”

 

“I get it, I get it…”

 



["Subaru Natsuki enters stage left...” Subaru muttered aloud, scribbling something on
the page. “…There we go!"]

 

[“You do not have the free time to be scribbling,” Ram scolded. “Time is limited.
Morning comes quickly, after all.”]

 

A loud gasp suddenly echoed throughout the theater.

 

Subaru startled. “What?!” he demanded. “What is it?!”

 

“That’s the alphabet from Hoshin’s texts!” Anastasia exclaimed.

 

“Hoshin— An ancestor of yours?”

 

Anastasia didn’t dignify that with a response.

 

["Well, this is actually my mother tongue... Guess it wasn't obvious, huh?" Subaru
sighed.]

 

His mother tongue…?!

 

[I was hoping she’d be able to read it regardless, even if I couldn’t read the local language
myself, Subaru noted. But I guess not…]

 

Anastasia grimaced. That would indeed be convenient.

 

—As it was, the fact that Subaru was a living translator for the written language from beyond
the Great Waterfall…!



 

["First, we'll begin with basic I-script, moving on to Ro-script and Ha-script after
you've perfected I-script,” Ram declared. “You can read the picture book by grasping I-
script. Time is limited to one hour. Tomorrow is another day, and Ram is sleepy, too."]

 

["That last bit sounded like the real story,” Subaru commented. “Not that I mind..."]

 

["I think my honesty is one of my selling points,” Ram declared, a smile on her face.]

 

[It feels like you really mean that, too…!]

 

Of course she did. Ram’s honestly was one of the things that she prided most about herself.

 

(Otto looked at Ram’s preening and shook his head slightly in amazement.)

 

["Y'know, even if you said it's to make things easier for you, I'm still glad,” Subaru
admitted.]

 

“…Hm?” Ram asked.

 

[I spent the most time with Ram during those four days, didn’t I…? Subaru thought
wistfully. And I must have been a huge pain to train, too. —And by keeping Ram busy,
that made more work for Rem, even if I didn’t see her quite so often…]

 

Rem blinked. Had that been a concern…?

 

Normally, Ram would tease Subaru for that, riding him for being absolutely correct. …But
that somehow didn’t feel like the correct response, right now. She tilted her head.

 



[ “…Honestly,” Subaru said. “I didn’t think you liked me that much.”]

 

Ram frowned. Well, obviously she didn’t. Little brothers and Barusus were beyond things as
petty as liking or disliking.

 

[And educating me like this — it must be such a pain. I know you’ve said so already,
but…]

 

["I hate to weigh you down, but thanks,” he said, a note of genuine gratitude in his
voice. “I want to be useful as soon as possible."]

 

Ram wondered how she had responded to this sudden surge of genuine gratitude, on Barusu’s
behalf. Had she appreciated it? Had she brushed it off as just another part of her job? Had she
—

 

[Ram snored. She had fallen asleep on Subaru’s bed.]

 

Frederica started laughing, the sound as loud and clear as a bell.

 

Ram snorted. “Of course,” she chuckled, shaking her head.

 

[Subaru snapped the quill in his hands as he clenched his fist in aggravation.]

 

“You don’t need to worry, Barusu,” Ram answered.

 

Subaru blinked, raising his head. “Ah?”

 

“The sweet and generous Ram is not the type to resent time spent helping those less
fortunate,” she dismissed. “So long as her studies tries to follow her instructions to the best of



their abilities, she will consider time instructing even the likes of a Barusu time well spent.”

 

Subaru…wasn’t quite sure how to respond to that.

 

Emilia watched their exchange with a soft look in her eyes. Sometimes she envied their
relationship, in a strange sort of way.

 

—Then again, Emilia had Subaru to herself in her own sort of way. She believed she
preferred that, in the end.

 

[Their lessons continued the next night, too.]

 

[“...Barusu,” Ram suddenly said. “You have good handwriting.”]

 

“A compliment?!” Otto’s eyes widened. “Since when does Ram compliment Natsuki-san, of
all people?!”

 

“I compliment people when there are things worth complimenting them on, of course.”

 

“He really does have nice handwriting,” Anastasia murmured to herself, not even paying
attention to those two on the far side of the room. She had noticed it, too.

 

—It was odd. She would have expected Subaru to be the sort of careless boy who wrote
rather sloppily.

 

(Julius privately wished his own handwriting was that neat and tidy.)

 

[Subaru looked up at her, surprised. “What?” he asked. “—Well, I mean, what’s up
with that all of a sudden? I mean, it’s not like I want you to get upset with me, but



having you praise me out of the blue is more unsettling than you might think.”]

 

“Nya? Is Subaru-kyun the kind of boy who feels more comfortable when girls are insulting
him…?”

 

“That’s not what I meant and you know it!”

 

[“It’s nothing.” Ram shook her head. “I was merely stating what I thought. As you’re
still in the middle of learning, now and then it’s good to look away from everything you
have left to do, and note that the way you write the letters is adequate. I’m only saying
that you have good handwriting.”]

 

[“The moment you add in an ‘only’ there, it kinda kills my gratitude for what you’re
saying!”]

 

“That is simply Ram’s style of communication. It would do you well to learn it, Barusu.”

 

“It reeally is good handwriting, isn’t it…? It’s so pretty to look at. Like bunches of flowers.”

 

“I don’t know if I should be flattered right now or not?!”

 

[“Well, setting aside that you said ‘only’ — heh, is that so?” Subaru grinned. “I’m
honestly happy to hear that you think I have good handwriting. It means it was worth
all the frustration when I was going to calligraphy class back when I was little.”]

 

“Calligraphy…?” Anastasia noted.

 

[“Also…” Ram shook her head. “No, it’s nothing.”]

 



[“What was that?!” Subaru asked, eyes widening. “When you almost say something and
then stop, it usually turns out to have been important, so don’t swallow your words, spit
‘em out! —If it’s words of praise, I’ll happily take all you’ve got!”]

 

“Don’t even start!” Subaru shouted, already backing away from a grinning Ferris.

 

“But nyew asked so NYICELY—!”

 

[“Indeed.” Ram nodded. “I’ll go ahead and say it, then. Good results must be properly
praised. Poor behaviour must be scolded, and one must take care with giving food as
well. …I read that long ago in a book, and I’m putting it into practice.”]

 

[“That sounds a lot like how I’d raise a dog, y’know!?”]

 

[“It’s similar, in the sense that you still need to learn how to behave, isn’t it?”]

 

[“Ah, I walked right into that!”]

 

“Subaru does act a lot like a puppy,” Emilia agreed, smiling.

 

“Subaru is a filthy stray mutt that Lady Emilia dragged home off the street one day,” Ram
echoed.

 

Subaru didn’t know which conclusion was worse. He buried his face in his hands. I’m gonna
lose all the dignity I’ve got left at this rate…!

 

[“Barusu, you’ve gotten it wrong again,” Ram scolded, swatting him on the hand with
her wand. “That should be more than enough of repeating the same mistakes.”]

 



[“Ow…” Subaru glowered at her, rubbing the back of his hand. “Hey, isn’t that a little
too Spartan?! I’m the type that grows more from being praised than scolded!”]

 

[“If you want to be praised, then you must produce results. If you do, Ram will praise
you in spite of herself.”]

 

“Could you sound less enthusiastic, I wonder?” Beatrice sighed.

 

“And what is there to be enthusiastic about?” Ram returned flatly.

 

[“Don’t praise me like you hate doing it!” Subaru sighed. “Actually, never mind that…
Can’t you go a little easier on me with the studying? I still can’t really tell the letters
apart and all.”]

 

[“A lack of effort.”]

 

“I really don’t think that’s accurate,” Crusch sighed. For all of Subaru’s faults — she really
couldn’t say that he was a particularly lazy person, whatever he might have said about
himself.

 

Ram — didn’t deny that. She did pretend not to hear it, however.

 

[“Well, you can say that, Nee-sama,” Subaru shrugged. “It’s true that until you actually
experience it, you can’t understand how rough it is to encounter a foreign culture. I’m
not just studying writing, I’m trying to learn my job too, after all.”]

 

[“...Very well, go on.”]

 

[“In other words! If you’re going to say that I haven’t studied hard enough, then I’m
certain you must be more than familiar with, and exceptionally skilled at, this sort of
thing, is what I’m saying.”]



 

Anastasia’s eyes widened. “Is he—?”

 

[“Tada!” Subaru pulled something out of one of the desk drawers. “Behold the hiragana
alphabet!”]

 

This was quite possibly one of the greatest moments of Anastasia’s life.

 

[“These are letters we use back where I’m from, called ‘hiragana’,” Subaru was
explaining. “Here you’d call them ‘I-glyphs’.”]

 

[“You mean this is the official language of the Kingdom of Barusu?” Ram asked.]

 

[“Will you please cut it out with things like country names that should only exist in my
head?!” Subaru retorted. “Elaborating too much on the details and going so far as to
produce a written language would be a pathetic black mark on my record!”]

 

[“Among the children’s tales we’re using for your instruction book, there’s a story
called ‘The Lonely King’,” Ram said. “It really is an exact match for your current state,
Barusu. You’ll get a laugh out of it, so look forward to it.”]

 

[“And now you’ve needlessly spoiled it for me!”]

 

Reinhard smiled. He remembered that children’s tale: it was a rather adorable one, about a
white-haired child who created a kingdom that he ruled all on his own, populated just by
himself and 53 beautiful porcelain statues.

 

—Comparing Subaru to the central character of that story didn’t quite seem fair, though.
While he could see what Ram had been alluding to, Subaru’s childish quirks were of a much
more manageable scale.

 



[“What of it?” Ram asked, sounding bored. “After showing Ram the alphabet of the
Kingdom of Barusu, what did you want her to do?”]

 

[“Well, I mean, I was thinking that while I’m practicing writing like this, you’ve got a
lot of spare time, too, right?” Subaru asked. “So I thought you might like to try meeting
a foreign culture, too, just to kill time. Along with that, you can learn how rough it is to
learn letters, and maybe you’ll learn to be a bit more understanding towards me.”]

 

“How can ya not be excited about that?!” Anastasia demanded.

 

“Excited about the Land of Barusu?” Ram retorted. “A place like that would have no value at
all.”

 

Subaru stuck his tongue out at her.

 

[“For her own part, Ram can’t think of a reason that she should accept your proposal.”]

 

[“Well, how does proving the legitimacy of your assertions sound, then?” Subaru
challenged. “If you can master that right away, then I’ll admit you were right when you
said ‘a lack of effort’ earlier. From now on, I won’t contest your education policies, and
I’ll work like a horse at learning just the way you want. It’s just, if it doesn’t go like
that, then…”]

 

[Ram narrowed her eyes. “If it doesn’t go like that, then what?”]

 

[“Then try to be a little kinder to me!” he demanded. “Along with Rem! It’s a promise!
This matters!”]

 

[Ram glared at him. Subaru faltered slightly, but didn’t back down.]

 



“What a childish request,” Anastasia giggled. Leniency from an instructor — it was an
adorably childish request, really. Even if, just like with children, humoring such a request
would only harm him in the long run.

 

“You really couldn’t have been a little nicer to him…?” Crusch sighed.

 

Ram rolled her eyes.

 

[“…Spending time with Barusu drives up the count of sighs day by day,” Ram sighed.]

 

It really did. Frederica had felt the same way, really, ever since she and Subaru had first met.

 

[“I hear that a lot.”]

 

[“Yes, it’s the correct assessment.”]

 

Julius understood what she meant by that. He intimately understood what she meant by that,
even.

 

“Somehow I feel like I’m being silently insulted by someone somewhere?!”

 

[“Let me see that. …The order of the letters is similar to the ‘i-glyphs’?”]

 

[“More or less, yeah. But I’ll give you a once-over explanation. I want to fight as fairly
as I can…!”]

 

Most of those in the theater felt their eyes glazing over at Subaru’s explanation of his
homeland’s lexicon. Anastasia, Julius, and Reinhard were the three exceptions, hanging on
with rapt attention to every word. One due to her interest in the world from beyond the Great



Waterfall, one due to his desire to understand Subaru and his world a little bit better, and one
due to his obsession with all things related to literature.

 

—This isn’t enough, Anastasia couldn’t help thinking. But of course, enough was never
enough, for Anastasia Hoshin. She’d have to find a way to squeeze out some proper lessons
from Natsuki Subaru, one of these days…!

 

[“Now neither of us has a handicap,” Subaru declared, having finished his basic
explanation of his home writing system. “The allowed time is until today’s study ends.
There will be a little quiz at the end, so we’ll see if you can answer it, Ram.”]

 

[“Fine, let’s do it,” Ram sighed. “Having you work like a horse will make things easier
for Ram as well.”]

 

[“Hehehe, you look sure you’ll win, but I’m gonna change that overconfident look into a
teary one!”]

 

“I don’t think Subaru has any room to talk about overconfidence, here,” Ricardo chuckled.

 

Subaru grumbled under his breath, but didn’t fight back. He remembered how this little
competition had ended, after all.

 

Crusch silently shook her head. Boys.

 

[“Barusu, where did you study the alphabet?” Ram suddenly asked.]

 

[“Well that’s out of the blue, here when I’ve gotten focused. If you’re trying to throw me
off, it’s not…” Subaru cut himself off, eyes filling with something resembling nostalgia.]

 

Ram grimaced. That had been a cruel thing to ask someone trapped Od-knows how many
miles away from home.



 

—Subaru was handling it surprisingly well, all things considered. Ram wasn’t tactless
enough to break open old wounds with careless words, and so she kept her mouth shut.

 

[“When you ask ‘Where?’, it’s kinda hard to say.” Subaru scratched his head. “My
parents taught me at home… is the most accurate answer, I think. I honestly don’t
remember having studied at kindergarten.”]

 

[“‘Kindergarten’?” Ram repeated.]

 

[“It’s a school for little children, just really little children,” Subaru explained. “It’s
basically a place to play, eat, and sleep, but, well, maybe it’s a place where the
importance of group activities is taught while they’re kids?”]

 

Anastasia tilted her head. Most of her was still focused on the actual language, but…

 

“Kindergarten,” Crusch murmured. A school for young children to socialize in at an early
age…

 

[“A school, I see.” Ram nodded. “Were you able to attend, Barusu?”]

 

[“Kinda, I guess. I attended properly during mandatory education…” Subaru trailed
off, looking somewhat downcast. “When I was free to choose for myself, I sort of
stopped going. And then, as I was sliding along like that, I — ended up here.”]

 

Mandatory? Felt pursed her lips.

 

—Perhaps a national program of a similar sort could do wonders, for the general well-being
of the people of Lugunica. Especially for those in poorer areas who couldn’t afford to attend
schools on their own.

 



[“What about you, Ram?” Subaru suddenly asked. “How long have you been working
at Roswaal’s place?”]

 

It would have been about a decade, at this point in time, Frederica recalled. Wasn't that right?

 

[“Ram’s first meeting with Roswaal-sama was when she and Rem were around eight
so…” Ram thought for a moment. “That would be nine years ago, then. By now, she’s
been serving nearly ten years.”]

 

“Nearly ten…” Otto echoed.

 

What a long time, to be stuck with someone with as rotten a personality as the Margrave.

 

“No wonder the suspicious Margrave trusts those two as much as he does,” Wilhelm
chuckled. That was a long history, that.

 

[“Heh, nine years…“ Subaru blinked. “Wait, nine years since you were eight — are you
seventeen?” he asked. “The same age as me?”]

 

[“And what’s the meaning of you being surprised by that, I wonder?”]

 

[“You look young, in an older-sister sort of way,” Subaru said. “But seriously. If you’re
seventeen, then Rem is too. That’s unexpected…I thought maybe you were younger
than me.”]

 

Ram blinked slowly. “You — what?” she asked.

 

The idea of herself being younger than the frivolous, childish Barusu…!

 



Garfiel started giggling into his fist. Ram tried to silence him with a glare. It didn’t work as
well as it usually did.

 

Frederica just sighed.

 

[“Referring to someone younger than yourself like an older sister, you should keep your
lusts in check, Barusu,” Ram’s onscreen self scolded. “And Ram was mistaken as well.
From your lack of composure, Barusu, she wondered if you weren’t more of a child.”]

 

“I thought so, too!” Emilia nodded, smiling. “Subaru can act reeally young sometimes, can’t
he…?”

 

“I can agree with that,” Julius sighed. “He’s often oddly childish for his age.”

 

“Somehow that felt so much more insulting when it came out of your mouth?!” Subaru cried.

 

“Insult or not, it’s definitely true,” Rom confirmed. “Felt and I thought you were younger
than her, when the lot of us first met—”

 

“What is your problem, all of you?!”

 

“It feels like most of the people in this camp have a mismatch between their age and
appearance, really,” Otto sighed. That seemed to be an ongoing theme within the Emilia
Camp, yes.

 

[“But, eight years old?“ Subaru echoed. “That’s pretty young to be depending on
someone outside your family. You must have gotten consent from your parents…or is it
just normal over here to start an apprenticeship around that age?”]

 

“The usual age is about twelve, actually,” Reinhard piped up helpfully. “Although—“



 

[“It’s not unusual to leave one’s parents while still a child,” Ram confirmed. “Although
in Ram and Rem’s case, there was a different, special reason for it.”]

 

[“‘Special,’ meaning…?”]

 

[“It’s simple. If she wasn’t together with Rem, Ram hated it and threw tantrums.”]

 

Frederica blinked.

 

[“Ah, ‘zat so…”]

 

—Had that been true? Ram didn’t remember it that way, but…Ram didn’t remember Rem.
Not really. So perhaps it WAS a partial truth, of sorts…

 

Rem wondered how much of what Ram was telling that boy had actually been the truth. Just
what had her relationship with her sister…?

 

—That aside, Frederica couldn't help but think about how nice this scene was. Ram and
Subaru, sitting and working together so peacefully, each learning a new skill from the other...

 

She had been in Ram's place at one point in time, hadn't she? She had been sitting where Ram
sat now, and Ram had been sitting where Subaru...

 

[“…The time for idle chatter is nearly past,” Ram noted, glancing at the time.]

 

[“Sure is,” Subaru noted. “Well, thanks for all your help tonight. Let’s do this again
tomorrow…”]

 



[“You may be on the verge of regretting assuming that tomorrow will come, Barusu.”]

 

Ram flinched violently. In the context of everything else, that comment sounded—

 

[“My bad!” Subaru said hastily. “Just joking around! Okay, it’s time for the showdown.
Here’s the question; try reading it, and writing out your answer in ‘hiragana’!”]

 

Ram took a deep breath. Exhaled. She — wouldn’t be able to make jokes like that anymore,
definitely not. Even if Barusu knew she would never actually hurt him, let alone kill him,
joking about such matters while knowing what had…

 

It was in poor taste, to put it mildly.

 

[“Now then, I’ve taken back the hiragana chart,” Subaru grinned. “You’re as helpless
as a babe in the woods. Hehehehe, go ahead and answer if you can! And get it wrong,
and from tomorrow on, both of you sisters can be kinder when you teach me i-glyphs!”]

 

[“Done.” Ram smacked the answer sheet into Subaru’s face.]

 

Anastasia blinked rapidly, feeling something like whiplash. “She already—?!”

 

[“The question was ‘The names of the sisters that live in the mansion’,” she confirmed.
“And the answer is ‘Ram and Rem’.”]

 

Frederica felt a broad smile spread across her face.

 

[“No way, you…!? You got it perfect!?” Subaru gaped. “Seriously, that quickly!?”]

 



Ricardo started laughing. “She did it!” he crowed. “She did— How’s THAT for
overconfidence, eh, Subaru?”

 

“What a miscalculation,” Rom grinned.

 

“I didn’t realize Ram was INSANE—!”

 

Most of the theater was focused on teasing Subaru for his mistake in challenging Ram, but
Anastasia was focused more on the older Oni twin herself.

 

Perhaps she had been underestimating that one, a bit. A mind like that…

 

Suddenly, Anastasia was thinking that Rem’s old admiration of her older sister may have
been a good bit more reasonable than she had initially assumed.

 

[“Barusu, you remember what you promised, yes?” Ram prodded.]

 

[“W...Wait,” Subaru protested. “There must be some kind of trick to it. I’m too dumb to
figure it out, but you must have done something sneaky… I think...!”]

 

“Don’t be such a sore loser,” Julius scolded, watching as Ram reached forward and flicked
him on the forehead. “She won fair and square and you know it.”

 

Subaru stuck his tongue out at him. Julius sighed, shaking his head.

 

[“Tomorrow should be fun,” Ram grinned. “Have pleasant dreams, Barusu. Ram
certainly will.”]

 

[“You demon…” Subaru glowered.]



 

Wait. Ram blinked, something suddenly occurring to her. Had Subaru not realized…?

 

[Ram smirked back at him from the doorway, a proud look on her face. “With that,”
she declared. “Barusu should learn to take things a little more seriously.”]

 

He won’t, Ram sighed to herself.

 

“He won’t,” Otto muttered out loud.

 

“He won’t,” Julius confirmed. “And never will.”

 

“Can the lot of you just—!”

 

[“But still,” Ram murmured quietly to herself as she left. ”…It feels like I’ve seen it
somewhere before.”]

 

Ram tilted her head. But — she couldn’t think of it now, either, and so she shrugged and
moved on. If she couldn’t remember it, then it probably wasn’t—

 

She glanced at her sister.

 

…Her beloved sister was an exception to that rule, of course.

 

[“...What are you doing, Subaru-kun?” Rem asked on the afternoon of the third day.]

 

[“Oh, hey Rem,” Subaru replied, smiling. “Don’t worry about the cleaning, it’s done.
It’s break time now.”]



 

“It seems that it is always break time, where Barusu is concerned.”

 

“I do my work OCCASIONALLY, Nee-sama…”

 

Crusch watched the pair of them with amusement. —In actuality, it appeared that Subaru was
a fairly hard worker who took pride in making sure he did as good a job as he could with
every task he tried to take up. She could appreciate that kind of integrity, really.

 

[“…Well, that’s fine,” Rem decided. “So why are you in such a good mood? Because you
piled up the plates nicely, or spread the tablecloth nicely?”]

 

[“No way!? Do you think of me as the kind of guy who would make a ‘Yeah, I did it!’
face from a little job like that!?”]

 

[“When I think back to how you worked on your first day, I don’t think such an opinion
is that far off the mark.”]

 

“I wouldn’t say that it is,” Rom grunted wryly.

 

“Definitely not,” Felt snickered.

 

Ram sighed. “Absolutely not,” she agreed.

 

Subaru threw his hands up at the lot of them.

 

[“Gaah, I can’t really deny that…” his onscreen self winced. “—But, just you wait. I’m
a man with incredible potential for growth… The rebellious skyrocket that could one
day threaten even your position is climbing now…!”]



 

[“What’s this now?” Rem prodded. “What will happen one day? Please speak clearly.”]

 

“Nyes, nyes, Subaru-kyun!” Ferris agreed enthusiastically. “Nyer incredible, rebellious,
skyrocketing potential is something that will be talked about for generations to come!”

 

“Why does that sound like a threat?!”

 

[“This is a cup you forgot to put away, is it not?” Rem was asking.]

 

[“Actually,” Subaru grinned. “I’ve wanted to try that out ever since I noticed there’s
something like coffee around here as well. It was really rough trying to get the milk
close to what I remember, but sometimes ya just gotta try it…”]

 

Crusch blinked, staring at the inside of the cup. “You…?” she questioned.

 

[“You’ve used the milk to draw a picture in the coff, then?” Rem sighed, looking at
Subaru’s little picture of a cat.]

 

Frederica tilted her head. Oh?

 

What an adorable kind of skill to have, Reinhard couldn’t help but think. He wondered if he
would be able to make such sweet-looking treats for his lady, one of these days…

 

(Felt wondered why she suddenly felt a faint sense of dread rising in her stomach.)

 

“Milk drawings in coff?” Anastasia leaned forward, eyes glinting. “How did you…?” she
asked.

 



Depending on how it was done — what a nice way to make something as simple as a cup of
coff appear higher-class.

 

[“So you keep the coffee...er, the coff hot, and then the trick is to make the design a little
at a time while keeping the milk at the bottom,” Subaru was explaining to a bored-
looking Rem. “There’s different ways to do it, but first, the basics are…”]

 

“What an adorable talent,” Julius smiled.

 

Subaru squawked, his face turning red. “Who are you calling CUTE, jackass?!” he
demanded.

 

“I’m simply saying that your talents are something to be admired, in a sense,” Julius sighed.

 

“‘In a sense’?!”

 

“Nyew really are far too easy to rile up, Subaru-kyun,” Ferris marveled.

 

“He really is,” Julius chuckled, shaking his head. “If he was this open-faced in the
marketplace, the merchants would eat him up for breakfast. Isn’t that right, Lady Anastasia?”
After a long moment of silence, Julius blinked. “…Lady Anastasia?” he asked.

 

The Merchant Princess was watching Subaru work with rapt attention, memorizing every
detail to the best of her ability. Julius watched her, slightly bemused, but thought better of
trying to interrupt her while she was concentrating so.

 

—Anastasia suddenly frowned. “Wait,” she said. “That milk—”

 

[It looked…foamy?]

 



[Rem’s eyes widened. “What have you done to this milk?” she asked, echoing
Anastasia’s own question in the present moment.]

 

[“This?” Subaru said proudly. “This here is the end product of a lot of difficult work!
Honestly, steaming it would be ideal, but I just don’t have that kind of equipment, so I
used the magic crystals in the bathing room instead. There was a lot of trial and error
involved, I’ll tell ya. I couldn’t get it quite right…”]

 

Steaming the milk…? Subaru hadn’t had the ability to do it properly here and now, but
Anastasia would likely have the means to figure it out, if only she knew what she needed to
figure out in the first place. What sort of tools might she need for it, and who could she make
deals with in order to get them in bulk for her own preexisting chain of coff shops spread
around Lugunica…?

 

—Anastasia could respect Subaru’s ingenuity, in figuring out how to do something similar
with the limited materials he had available. But she wouldn’t need to make use of scraps,
with all of the resources that Anastasia Hoshin had available at her fingertips.

 

[“To make sure the milk doesn’t spread too far, you keep it on the inside like this,”
Subaru instructed. “Then, a layer of milk builds up a little at a time, so when you keep
the unruly bit of it under control and redo it…”]

 

[“Ah…”]

 

[“There you go, the first step of the first step! The completion of a heart design!”]

 

How utterly adorable. Anastasia could imagine selling such drinks to lovey couples out on
dates together, couldn’t she…? Or perhaps to young women who simply wanted to feel cute,
even.

 

…Was it bad, that Rachins kind of wanted a cup of coff with a heart painted on the top of it
now?

 



[“Amazing…” Rem admitted.]

 

[“Oh, oh, oh?” Subaru grinned. “What’s that, what’s that, please speak up. Feel free to
shower me with praise! Isn’t it amazing!?”]

 

“Don’t—!” Subaru shouted in a panic, already seeing Ferris rounds by on him with a wide,
wide grin on his face.

 

[“It’s a skill you could never gain without being an amazingly idle person,” Rem
decided.]

 

[“Don’t you think you should apologize to all the latte artists throughout the world?!”]

 

So this had been a common sort of artistic pursuit back in Subaru’s homeland? Anastasia’s
already piqued interest instantly tripled in intensity.

 

“Does Subaru-kyun nyeed more praise and acknowledgement for being such a sweet and
handsome and accomplished manservant?” Ferris was cooing, spurred on by his own sadism
at the sight of Subaru scrambling to press himself on the far side of the jar. “Are his
coworkers being so, so MEAN to him for absolutely nyo reason—?”

 

“Would you CAN IT ALREADY?!” Subaru shrieked.

 

[“This is called ‘latte art’?” Rem was asking]

 

[“Yep, yep,” Subaru confirmed. “Latte is sort of the name of this drink, and you make
art with it. Back where I’m from, it’s an essential skill for a first-class waiter.”]

 

[“Latte art and sewing as well; you’re quite good with your hands at little skills,
Subaru-kun.”]



 

[“When you call them little skills, it really makes them sound like something that isn’t
an essential part of life! Besides that, I can do magic tricks and play the guitar and cat’s
cradle and ball-and-cup toys and yo-yo and lots of things, you know!” Subaru stopped.
“…And thinking about it now that I’ve said all that, what am I trying to do with
nothing but skills that have no practical use?”]

 

Julius coughed a little. “I believe that they are very wonderful skills, Subaru,” he said.
“Perhaps you have the talent to become a skilled entertainer, someday…?”

 

“Oh be quiet, you!”

 

—Anastasia considered Julius’ proposal a little more seriously. Latte art was the sort of thing
she could see coming in handy for a bartender or a server who wanted to differentiate
themselves as more upper class, first of all. And then being skilled at a number of what
sounded like various artistic and performance abilities, plus the ability to sew his own clothes
and customize outfits to his liking, combined with his clear passion for the craft…

 

Really, Anastasia genuinely could see Subaru becoming a first-class entertainer, or perhaps
even a reputable host for upper class gatherings. There were a number of potential clients that
she could list off of the top of her head, who would pay good money for that sort of skill. It
was the kind of work that Subaru seemed to enjoy greatly, as well. Perhaps she could push
the suggestion his way, at a later date…

 

[“Boasting all that and then becoming depressed about it…” Rem said. “You must have
lived a life free of boredom, Subaru-kun.”]

 

[“That’s a surprising evaluation of me when my goal in life was to live in seclusion and
play with cats on the porch.”]

 

Subaru could certainly use the nudge, as far as his pathetic lack of ambition was concerned.

 



Anastasia shook her head, muttering under her breath. —But, if that was the sort of thing that
Subaru knew would bring him the most joy, then…

 

No. It was still a pathetic life goal. Dreams should be kept soundly up in the clouds, and eyes
fixed firmly upon the stars. Being satisfied with so little was the mark of an animal, not a
human.

 

“Does the Great Fur Connoisseur Subaru-kyun wannya spend all his days petting cute and
fluffy little kitties?” Ferris cooed, his eyes sharp and glinting. “Oh my, perhaps cute little
Ferri-chan should watch his fluffy little tail~”

 

“Can you not just—?!”

 

[“Well, there’s a few things I’d like to say about your merciless poison tongue, Rem,
but…” Subaru pursed his lips. “Fine, here.”]

 

[“...Huh?”]

 

Rem blinked slowly, quietly observing the scene before her.

 

[“Whadaya mean, ‘huh?’” Subaru retorted, holding out the cup. “Looking all anxious
to try it like that, don’t give me that.”]

 

[“Saying that she looks anxious to try…” Rem shook her head. “Rem wouldn’t…”]

 

She — wanted to try it for herself? Was this the sort of thing that Rem would want to do?

 

Rem tried to imagine herself in — her old self’s shoes. If she had been standing there,
watching that boy play with foamy milk and dark coff in such a silly manner, what would she
have been thinking?



 

(Garfiel turned, intending to tease Rem for her standoffish attitude — only to falter at the
sheer intensity of her gaze. Rem didn’t even notice that he was looking at her.)

 

(Rem didn’t notice that half the theater had turned to look at her.)

 

[“When your face looked like you were dying to try it like that?” Subaru teased. “You
don’t need to be embarrassed about it. You’re a cute girl too, Rem, so what’s wrong
with playing a little now and then?”]

 

“‘You’re a cute girl, too,’ eh, Subaru-kyun?” Ferris giggled.

 

“Do ya really have to flirt with everyone, all the time?” Felt asked, rolling her eyes.

 

“I was just— Look, I’m right, aren’t I?! Rem IS a cute girl, and she SHOULD allow herself
to—!”

 

“Pervert,” Ram said.

 

“Do all of you have to gang up on me at once?!”

 

It really was a cute skill to have, Frederica thought. She would quite like to try and master it
herself, if she had the chance. —Perhaps she could get Subaru to teach her, once he retutned
to the mansion.

 

[“Um, for you to have implied that Rem really wanted to try that…” Rem hesitated.
“Well, it would be a lie if I said that I didn’t want to even a little tiny bit, not in the least,
just a little, perhaps slightly…”]

 



Rem thought that maybe she would have wanted to try it. And — maybe she also would have
been embarrassed, to partake in something so frivolous. Would she have responded just like
this, after all…?

 

She wasn’t sure. Just who was she?

 

[“I get it, I get it,” Subaru said. “I’m forcing you to try it even though you don’t want
to. So, just once, please do.”]

 

[“...Well, when you put it like that, it can’t be helped,” Rem sighed. “Honestly, Subaru-
kun, you’re so troublesome.”]

 

“So troublesome,” Ferris teased.

 

“I’m not sure who’s the troublesome one, here,” Rom chuckled. “She’s so determined, isn’t
she…?”

 

—This really was a sweet scene, Rem thought. Wasn’t it?

 

[Rem wasn’t doing a great job at hiding her glee, at getting to try out something so silly
and new.]

 

Had she been this happy, when trying our new and silly things? Had she refused to seek them
out for herself out of embarrassment, or had she done so in the privacy of her personal time?
Did she even have such personal time to spare? Was the lack of it the reason she appreciated
these moments of levity as much as she seemed to? Did she like her coff with milk, or
without? Was she a fan of bitterness, or sweetness, or…

 

Just who was Rem?

 



[“Well, that’s how it turns out on a novice’s first try,” Subaru consoled. “Don’t worry
about it!”]

 

[“Rather than playing endlessly, Subaru-kun,” Rem said, in a voice as cold as ice as she
looked down at her mess of an attempt. “Please get back to work right away.”]

 

—Rem frowned. So, she hadn’t been good at latte art. She had tried her best, and she hadn’t
been any good at it at all.

 

…At least that was something she could know for certain.

 

“Perhaps we can practice some of that when we get back to the manor,” Ram suggested,
quietly enough that nobody else could hear her speak. “Barusu’s shown me how to do this
before, and Ram is as brilliant with latte art as she is with everything else.”

 

Somehow, Rem didn’t doubt her about that.

 

[On the fourth day, Rem and Subaru went shopping together in the nearby village. —
Or, well…]

 

[“Sorry to make you wait, Subaru,” Rem was saying. “Are you all right?”]

 

[“Mm, yeah, I’m totally okay,” Subaru reassured her. “Finished your shopping, Rem?”]

 

[“Yes, no holdups.” Rem tilted her head. “It seems you were rather popular.”]

 

Frederica smiled. Some things would never change, would they?

 



“It’s not like I could tell apart any of the ingredients,” Subaru sighed. “Made sense, for her to
send me off to explore the village on my own like that…”

 

“It was kind of amazing to see all the village children immediately make you as a target,”
Otto commented. Normally I’m the one who receives that sort of treatment…

 

“It was ADORNYABLE,” Ferris laughed. “Absolutely precious! Who knew Subaru-kyun
would be so beloved by children…?”

 

“I could have guessed, really,” Julius said thoughtfully.

 

“What’s that supposed to mean?!” Subaru demanded.

 

["Kids have taken a liking to me since way back,” Subaru said. “I guess they really fell
for, you know, motherly stuff that I just can't keep bottled up?"]

 

“Motherly stuff?” Ferris repeated, grinning. “Is Subaru-kyun secretly a big mama bear…?”

 

Subaru stuck out his tongue at him.

 

["It's because children are just like animals and naturally decide a hierarchy,” Rem
decided. “They instinctively recognize whether it's appropriate to make light of a
person or not."]

 

["That doesn't sound much like praise!!"]

 

“They really are sisters,” Garfiel grinned.

 



“She’s definyitely right,” Ferris decided. “Bullying Subaru-kyun is SOO much fun, after
all~!”

 

“Why do you keep saying that?!”

 

“Ya really do make it too easy,” Ricardo laughed.

 

Otto thought that Rem was right on the mark, really. It was how he always ended up being
the target of their pranks, after all.

 

[Roswaal is a minor lord, so he does possess serval pieces of land… Subaru thought. The
residents of Irlam Village, which resides within his territory, are always very welcoming to
the both of us. It’s surprising that they’d already heard rumors about me, but I can’t say I
didn’t appreciate the warm welcome.]

 

“It’s not like a lot happened there,” Ram dismissed. “And Lord Roswaal is so selective with
who he hires, so obviously a new servant would inspire rumors.”

 

Wilhelm remembered what Subaru had been like, when the two of them had first met in the
Mathers Estate. Boyishly mischievous, unflinchingly earnest, genuine in a manner that he
simply couldn’t help…

 

He could understand why Subaru would have gotten a warm welcome from the villagers. He
could understand it very, very well.

 

And in a similar vein, Wilhelm could also understand why the villagers had trusted him with
—

 

["Having said that, what's with those brats getting all clingy like that...” Subaru
scowled. “Don't they know that touching everything just gets your fingers burned?
Can't they tell I'm putting out a hard-boiled aura here?"]



 

“Not a word!” Subaru snapped.

 

Ferris closed his mouth with a smirk that said it all, anyway. Subaru buried his flaming face
in his hands.

 

(Ricardo privately though that it said quite a bit, that the villagers had allowed their precious
children to play with him like that despite having just met him for the very first time.)

 

["It seems your pretending to be a 'motherly' adult kept you quite busy all by yourself,”
Rem noted.]

 

“I don’t think he was pretending there,” Ram muttered. Barusu’s skill with children was as
annoying as it was endearing.

 

—Next to her, Frederica sighed, thinking exactly the same thing. Playing tag in the halls of
the mansion...! she recalled from Petra's tales, feeling an echo of that same disbelief.

 

["The 'by yourself' part sounded a bit sharp there, but it would've been nice being busy
without getting mobbed like that,” Subaru sighed. “I really should've stuck with you
going shopping..."]

 

“Ya really did just get abducted the minute they saw ya!” Ricardo laughed.

 

“I think it would be a blessing to be so popular with children,” Reinhard said wistfully.

 

“More like a curse,” Ferris snickered.

 

["Man, they just don't have any respect,” Subaru complained. “That's why I don’t
really like kids."]



 

“Liar,” Ram said flatly.

 

"It's not good to lie, Subaru-sama," Frederica agreed mildly.

 

["When it comes to lack of respect, you look plenty childish to me...?"]

 

“You walked right into that, Natsuki-san,” Otto sighed.

 

“Oh, be quiet.”

 

“She’s not wrong, Subaru,” Julius frowned. “You really should be putting more effort into—”

 

“Oh, be QUIET.”

 

[“A very sound theory!” Subaru agreed. “Having said that, I think taking someone for
granted from the get-go is a little different. Ram's really good at that, though."]

 

["Nee-sama is incredible,” Rem nodded.]

 

[I think we’re speaking past each other, here, Subaru thought wryly. —But Ram’s not
here, so those are probably Rem’s true feelings.]

 

So it was, then. Rem — couldn’t say that she disagreed with her old self, necessarily, from
what she had seen of her older sister. But this level of adoration was…

 

Was that really how she had felt, down in the very core of her soul?



 

["Feels like Ram's personality causes a lot of conflict, though,” Subaru commented.]

 

“Only among fools,” Ram scoffed, dismissing the criticism with a wave of her hand.
Frederica chuckled.

 

["Her unflinching demeanor is part of her charm,” Rem said. “It is not something I can
pull off..."]

 

[Subaru frowned at Rem’s sad undertone, but didn’t press.]

 

“I’m not sure why anyone would be jealous of an attitude that rotten,” Subaru sighed,
grinning at Ram in the corner of his vision. “It sounds like Rem may have had some flaws
after all, where taste is concerned…”

 

Ram was frowning too much to listen to that playful jab, let alone respond to it. Something
else was more important. —Was that how Rem had…?

 

Rem stared at the screen. Was this how she had thought of her older sister, then? …Was this
how she had thought of herself?

 

“…Rem doesn’t need to be like Ram,” Ram said aloud. She wasn’t looking at her little sister.
“Ram already does a perfect job at being herself. Rem should just focus on being Rem.”

 

Rem didn’t really know how to answer her, but it didn’t look like Ram really needed her to
answer so much as she needed her to listen.

 

["Come to think of it,“ Rem said suddenly. “How is your studying going?"]

 



["I'd like to say...steadily, but it's not as simple as that,” Subaru sighed. “Stuff like this
needs time to slowly nurture and develop...just like love!"]

 

Felt had no idea how anyone could be this much of a romantic. The level of sappy sweetness
he was exuding was making her teeth hurt.

 

Reinhard found himself smiling. What a wonderful way to think about the world, that was…

 

["As long as you don't give up midway,” Rem said.]

 

["There wasn't much tenderness in that comment just now!"]

 

Ram snorted, quietly pushing her concerns to the back of her mind. “I don’t know what you
should have expected, Barusu,” she prodded. “My cute little sister would have obviously had
the perception to know you needed a push like that, rather than coddling your soft and lofty
ideals.”

 

“That’s what makes Rem so amazing,” Subaru agreed.

 

Rem — didn’t know how to feel about that comment.

 

[Of course, with Ram being busy giving me lessons, the burden on Rem is all the
greater…]

 

“Such is the burden of taking in a Barusu,” Ram sighed dramatically. “…But, such a thing is
nothing Ram and her wonderful sister would have been unable to handle.”

 

“Thanks, Nee-sama…”

 



["Don't worry about it,” Subarus assured Rem. “I'm not going to give up or disappoint
Ram. …I just wish she wouldn't fall asleep on my bed in the middle of a lesson. It’s
really distracting.”]

 

[“Nee-sama is probably acting that way to spur you forward,” Rem said.]

 

“Is she, I wonder?” Beatrice thought aloud.

 

“Everything Ram does is with purpose,” Ram dismissed. “Rem would be wise enough to
understand that.”

 

Frederica smiled.

 

[“Man, your total worship of your sister is way past normal,” Subaru marveled. “You
really are fanatical like an oni.”]

 

Subaru stiffened. With context…

 

[Rem tilted her head. "Fanatical like an…?"]

 

Frederica sucked in a breath as she realized what was going on. "Subaru-sama—!"

 

“You didn’t realize she was an Oni,” Garfiel gasped. “You didn’t realize you’d just…!”

 

“Natsuki-san, you idiot…” Otto forced out through gritted teeth. “Please don’t say anything
that…!”

 

But he knew he would.



 

Ram sighed. Of course her little brother would get himself in trouble this way. Of course.

 

["Like possessed, except by an Oni instead of a divine spirit,” Subaru said, entirely
unaware of what kind of a hole he was digging himself. “Fanatical like an Oni. It works,
huh?"]

 

["Do you like Onis?" Rem asked.]

 

“Oh no,” Julius groaned, bracing himself for Subaru to say something woefully stupid.

 

“Maybe this loop ends because Rem just kills him here and nyow,” Ferris muttered. Ricardo
snorted.

 

Whatever he was about to hear next, Wilhelm would just have to keep in mind that he himself
had absolutely said worse…!

 

["Better than gods,” Subaru replied. “I mean, gods don't give you anything, but an Oni
will have a good laugh with you over a chat about the future."]

 

Julius blinked. “…Huh,” he said.

 

That…wasn’t nearly the disastrous response he had been expecting to hear.

 

“Huh,” Ferris echoed.

 

Ram blinked. That had been an uncharacteristically charismatic response. She almost wanted
to praise Barusu for it, even.

 



Almost. She mostly just wanted to tease him over it again. She began to turn to where he sat
blushing in his jar in order to do just that, when something else caught her—

 

[—Rem was smiling. Like, really, genuinely smiling.]

 

Having been just about to tease Subaru for his clumsy success herself, Frederica suddenly felt
as though her breath had been stolen away.

 

["Whoa..." Subaru said.]

 

Ram couldn’t find it in herself to tease him over that, or over anything else, because the sight
was so wonderful that she herself had also been rendered speechless. That was her little sister
up there, and she was…

 

Seeing her beloved little sister so genuinely… Had Ram ever seen anything so lovely before
in her life?

 

Rem looked up at her own smiling face.

 

…Was that what she had looked like, when she had been really, truly happy?

 

["That smiling face is worth a million volts!" Subaru declared.]

 

["I will tell on you to Lady Emilia."]

 

["I wasn't trying to hit on you!"]

 

“It’s hard to tell with you sometimes!” Felt retorted. “Seriously, is everyone from beyond the
Great Waterfall…?”



 

She stopped. Now that she thought about it — that might actually check out.

 

“I prefer to think that Subaru’s just like this,” Rachins muttered, a slight grin creeping over
his dull face. “Must’ve been a hit with the girls, back…”

 

“I don’t think that boy up there has ever talked to a girl before in his life,” Rom sighed,
shaking his head.

 

“Wha—” Subaru gaped at him, wounded. “What the Hell is THAT supposed to mean?!”

 

“I think ya can make an educated guess, Natsuki-kun,” Anastasia teased.

 

“I’m being attacked from all sides over here!”

 

(Anastasia quietly filed away Felt’s theory about Subaru’s homeland in the back of her mind.
She’d inspect it more closely later.)

 

—It was now, that Rom finally realized where it was that he recognized that older sister from.

 

Years ago, before the destruction wrought against them by the Witch Cult, Rom had managed
to visit Chief Setanta one last time. On his way into the village, he had come across this
young, pink-haired oni girl with an unforgettable attitude.

 

“Bringing up outdated information and acting as if you know someone is a trite and poor
trick,” she had declared. “I am going to tear you apart.”

 

He hadn’t noticed up until now, because he hadn’t quite realized that the two of them were, in
fact, onis. Rom sighed, shaking his head. At his old age, he was becoming a rather
unobservant and useless old man, wasn’t he…?



 

“Hey you,” Rom had retorted. “A leader in extinction came to see you guys, Onis, who are
on the verge of extinction. Show some respect.”

 

“Acting all high and mighty just because you’re going to die first proves that old people are
problematic,” she had declared.

 

A rather frank young girl, she had been, indeed. And from the looks of things, that attitude of
hers hadn’t changed even a little bit.

 

“You deserve to die 1000 times,” she had declared. Rom wondered what he had done, to
deserve a curse like that being lobbed his way.

 

“If you get the chief killed now, the role would be handed over to me and that would be
troublesome, so I would appreciate it if you didn’t try that,” she had declared. An
understandable complaint, even if he had thought it laughable coming from such a young girl.
But, even then, he had known that she wasn’t lying to him, or even making a joke.

 

“Chief, I brought a large old man who claims he’s an acquaintance of yours,” she had
declared. She had done so after insulting him the whole way there. A rather prickly and
unfriendly girl, she had been. —Though, considering how she spoke to that boy who called
her Nee-sama, perhaps that was simply her way of speaking.

 

“What a crude name change,” she had scoffed at his new name, ‘Rom.’

 

“I don’t want to be shut in a room for old geezers,” that young girl had declared, and Rom
had broke into loud laughter at her stubborn tongue before telling Setanta to just let her go.

 

“You oughtn’t treat her like a kid only when it’s convenient,” he had warned Setanta, as some
of the last words spoken between them. “Plus, well, in my eyes, it looks like that girl’s nature
has nothing to do with age and readiness.”

 



Yes, even as a wee babe, Ram had truly been unforgettable.

 

…Had Ram’s forgotten younger sister been the same way? Had Rom interacted with her in a
similar manner, way back…?

 

Rom shook his head. It was useless to ponder such tragic things, really. There was nothing to
be done about it now.

 

—But he did wonder: although there was no chance that Rem would, did Ram remember
who he was?

 

["What happened to your hand?" Rem suddenly asked.]

 

["Mm? Oh, that mangy mutt with the kids went all chomp-chomp on me."]

 

Ram flinched, hissing softly between her teeth.

 

She had been expecting it this time, so it wasn’t quite so much of a shock. And she hadn’t
allowed herself to let her guard down this time, either, so it wouldn’t hurt to quite the same
extent.

 

But still…

 

Nearby, Emilia buried her face in her hands.

 

[Wait… Onscreen, Subaru was completely oblivious to his predicament. Is the middle of
the back of my servant outfit still stained with snot??]

 

Frederica swallowed.



 

“And he doesn’t even know…” Ferris whispered.

 

Fuck. This was just—

 

["May I heal that wound?" Rem offered.]

 

Ferris jolted upright. “Eh?!” he exclaimed.

 

["Eh?” Subaru blinked. “What, you can use healing magic, too, Rem?"]

 

“Rem—!” Julius exclaimed. He jerked forward, eyes wild with desperation. “She could—!”

 

[“Only simple magic up to first aid level,” she dismissed. “Perhaps you prefer Lady
Emilia?”]

 

Maybe it wouldn’t be enough then, but — she could try, couldn’t she?!

 

Subaru might be saved, Emilia thought. Rem might have— Subaru might—!

 

It wouldn’t last forever, she knew, but—!

 

["Mm, that is a pretty attractive suggestion, but...” Subaru shrugged. “I'll pass on
both.”]

 

The theater exploded.

 



“You said NO?!” Julius demanded, so frustrated and enraged he felt like he might burst into
tears.

 

“You IDIOT—” Tivey gasped.

 

“She was right there—!” Otto cried out. “You could have— she was RIGHT THERE—!”

 

“Wait, guys—!”

 

“You didn’t just ask Rem for help?!” Ram demanded, unusually raw and genuine in her
sharpness. “You stupid— She was offering, and you just—?!”

 

"Subaru!" Frederica cried out, for once forgetting to call him by her chosen honorific.

 

“Captain,” Garfiel moaned. “Why would you—?!”

 

[Scars are good thing, in a way…]

 

Beatrice flinched.

 

Ferris clutched his head in his hands. It didn’t matter either way, because Subaru was going
to die no matter what he did, and so he had done his best to steel himself against it as much as
he could.

 

But still…!

 

[It’s a great way to tell if I’ve done a Return by Death or not, Subaru decided. If the dog
hadn't happened to bite me, maybe I’d have been forced to cut myself with a sharp feather
pen…]



 

Beatrice wondered if that was why… But she couldn’t ask Subaru about it right now. For a
number of reasons.

 

“Nyew wouldn’t nyeed to,” Ferris hissed. “Nyew wouldn’t nyeed that in the first place, if
nyew had just…!”

 

But it was too late for anyone to do anything about it, now.

 

["Well, it's a mark of honor,” Subaru sighed. “No one lives as prettily as on the day they
were born."]

 

["It is said that scars are a man's medals,” Rem noted.]

 

Subaru looked away. “She wouldn’t have been able to do anything about it anyway, you
know,” he said.

 

Ram grimaced, gritting her teeth together hard as she bit back everything she wanted to say.

 

“How do you know that?” Julius demanded. “How do you know, if—!”

 

“Rem only had a basic understanding of healing magic,” Subaru answered. “The only people
who were capable of dispelling the curse in the manor were Puck, Roswaal, and Beako.
Nobody else could have done it.”

 

Julius swallowed.

 

[“Though,” Rem noted. “All you accomplished on the battlefield were mistakes."]

 



Anastasia pulled on his Julius’ gently. “Ya might as well just say that he’s right,” she said.
“Nothing anyone can do about it, now. …Might as well just believe whatever makes it easier
for you ta stomach.”

 

…Julius sat down. Somehow, he felt as though he had been utterly defeated.

 

Rem stared at the meteor, and wondered how she should feel about this. Should she be angry
that this boy hadn’t even tried to ask her for help? Should she be sad, that it would have been
for naught even if he did?

 

…She didn’t have to torture herself about it either way. She didn’t know this boy, and so —
she had no reason to care about what happened to him.

 

["That might have a kernel of truth, but don't say stuff so cold, geez!"]

 

[Rem tilted her head as if she were genuinely unaware of her venomous tongue.]

 

Terrifying, Otto thought. For Rem to not even be aware of how harshly she spoke…

 

Utterly terrifying. That was the type of personality that could bring down nations. Subaru was
strong, to withstand something like that.

 

["Besides that, I've cut my hand lots of times in front of you before, so why offer to heal
me all of a sudden?” Subaru asked. “I mean, you never offered to do it before?"]

 

["That's because I thought you'd forget if it didn't hurt,“ Rem brushed off. “So you
should keep the wounds as a warning."]

 

“They really are sisters,” Garfiel noted.

 



“I think Rem is actually harsher than her sister, somehow,” Otto muttered. Was that why
Natsuki-san…?

 

Rem frowned. So — that had been the teaching style of her old self?

 

["That's educational policy straight outta Sparta...” Subaru marveled. “So why'd you
offer now, then?"]

 

[Why is different this time?]

 

[Rem didn’t answer him.]

 

Rem tilted her head. …Why WAS it different, this time?

 

Just what had she been thinking…?

 

["The futon flew on,” Subaru pressed. “The kitten catnapped. Who's the one who said a
pun?!"]

 

Rem frowned. “What?” she said, voice deadpan.

 

["Did you suddenly go wrong in the head?" Rem’s onscreen counterpart asked.]

 

["You're jumping to conclusions,” Subaru said. “No, I thought I'd find out for sure why
you were all smiles earlier…"]

 

Rem wanted to know, too, really. What had it…?

 



“Thank Od his oblivious comment was such an innocent one,” Julius sighed.

 

“The obliviousness just made it all the more honest and adornyable!” Ferris said cheerfully.
“Nyo wonder his precious Rem couldn’t help but smile at him for that~”

 

“It’s not MY fault I didn’t know—!”

 

(Rem couldn’t help wondering: had that really been it?)

 

[“I thought you’d really go for cheap gags,” Subaru decided. “So I wondered if I tried
it, maybe it would put you in a good mood and make you want to be nicer to me, or
something like that."]

 

Ram scowled. “Foolish Barusu,” she scolded. “Attempting to humiliate my little sister in
such a base manner…”

 

Rem — didn’t join in on the teasing. For one, she still wasn’t allowing herself to trust that
boy, and for another…

 

(Had Rem actually liked such silly puns? …Did she like them NOW? Rem — wasn’t sure.
Not about either of those questions.)

 

“Way to ruin it, Natsuki-san,” Otto sighed, shaking his head. If Rem was anything like Ram,
she wouldn’t take that lying down.

 

Sure enough—

 

["Do not expect you will get a chance to have me heal your wounds ever again.”]

 



["You're that angry?!"]

 

Ram folded her arms, nodding proudly. That was her dignified little sister.

 

["I have been this angry since earlier from your badmouthing Nee-sama behind her
back,” Ram retorted.]

 

["I do that a lot lately!"]

 

[Rem shot Subaru a cold look that finally scared him into keeping his mouth shut.]

 

“Ram’s amazing little sister appears to know how to keep Barusu in line,” Ram nodded
approvingly. “Of course she does.”

 

…What had been the relationship between those two?

 

Privately, Ram pondered this. From everything that Barusu had told her, she had assumed
that the two of them had once had some sort of romantic… But, everything so far had seemed
very much like the love between coworkers. Or the love between siblings, at most.

 

Had something changed, perhaps? If so — what could it have been?

 

(Rem wondered something similar, and came up with even fewer answers than her big sister.)

 

["So the challenge is to get to tomorrow morning safely…” Subaru took a deep breath.
“But before that..."]

 

“Hm…?” Wilhelm asked wearily.



 

["So, since Ram and Rem both said they weren't going to show their faces here tonight,
I’ve come to supervise you studying in their place,” Emilia said later that night. She
stuck out her tongue. “Not that I can do much to help…”]

 

“Ah.” Wilhelm huffed, a weak smile flirting across his face. “I see…” Of course.

 

“Look at his face,” Mimi giggled.

 

[Here’s a cute girl in the room of a teenage boy, just the two of them, late at night like
this... Subaru was thinking, blushing so hard he looked like he was about to pass out.
Surely no one could blame me for losing my concentration as I struggle against his baser
instincts?]

 

“So he does have baser instincts, then,” Ram muttered to herself with a sigh. The nature of
Barusu’s fantasies up to this point had been — surprisingly herbivorous, in comparison to the
persona he put out for the world to see. She had begun to wonder if maybe…

 

Ricardo had practically fallen over, he was laughing so hard. “And THERE’s the teenage boy
we knew was in there!” he howled. “How’s that for fantasies, eh, Jules—?!”

 

“I would prefer to refrain from commenting,” Julius said delicately. The corner of his mouth
was twitching.

 

“Poor Subaru-kyun, being forced to fight against his baser instincts!” Ferris sympathized
teasingly. “What a cruel, cruel world this is for nya, hmm~?”

 

“Why are you having so much fun with this?!”

 

["Hmm.” Emilia tilted her head. “You're taking studying more seriously than I
expected, Subaru."]



 

[Emilia-tan must have bathed earlier, I can smell the warmth and soap from the bath
mixed with her usual scent— Subaru shook his head. Innocent! Innocent! Innocent! —
Crap, I can’t feel innocent at all—!]

 

Subaru buried his face in his knees once more, ears flaming red. Ferris cackled, continuing to
tease him mercilessly from the other side of the glass. The other men of the theater watched
with great amusement, knowing full well what sort of position Subaru had been in and having
far too much fun to take pity on him for it now.

 

Clearly, Ram had nothing to worry about in that regard.

 

—Frederica couldn't find it in herself to be amused. Not when she knew what was right
around the corner. It was just too sad.

 

But after all: they all knew how this night was going to end.

 

["R-right now I'm learning basic I-characters by writing them,” Subaru stammered.
“My current goal is to read this picture book for kids, since it's mostly written in I-
script."]

 

["Hmm, the goal is a picture book...” Emilia started. “Ah!"]

 

[Subaru blinked. "What, it's got an interesting story or something?"]

 

“Ah,” Emilia realized.

 

Subaru was reading the story about the Witch of Envy.

 



[“Well, nothing big, but yes, a little.” Emilia’s onscreen self smiled weakly. “When you
can read this, too… Yeah.”]

 

Had she been worried that Subaru’s attitude towards her would change, once he knew that old
tale? Once he knew what she…?

 

“…Emilia—” Otto whispered.

 

Emilia shook her head. “It’s fine,” she smiled, and she meant it.

 

Emilia never should have worried about such silly things. Subaru was never going to start
seeing her in such a way. That was something she had the great privilege of taking for
granted.

 

["Normally I wouldn't be doing this for someone I met only a few days ago, but I'm
giving you special treatment,” Emilia teased. “To thank you for your hard work."]

 

["Sheesh, that's not a whole lot of thanks, Emilia,” Subaru replied jokingly. “If you
want to show your thanks, how about a massage? Something to melt away and heal all
the aches and pains of a hard day's work, geh-heh-heh."]



“Does Ram need to say it?”

 

“No, Nee-sama…”

 

“Why do you always put your worst foot forward in front of your crush…?” Felt sighed.

 

“I think he thinks it’s charming,” Reinhard said.

 

“Then he’s an idiot.”



 

“All boys his age are idiots,” Rom countered. “Especially around girls.”

 

Felt had to concede to that point.

 

["That sounds perverted somehow, so no,” Emilia frowned. “And don't change the
subject. Keep going, will you?"]

 

[Innocent, innocent, innocent…!]

 

“See?” Rom said, gesturing to the screen for emphasis.

 

Subaru made an unintelligible noise, face as red as an appa.

 

["Goodness, you can do it just fine if you don't let yourself get distracted,” Emilia
sighed.]

 

["That's because I lose track of everything around me once I'm into something,”
Subaru said proudly. “That's why I'm straight-like-an-arrow aimed at the person I
like!"]

 

Ferris giggled. “Nyes, of course!” he purred. “Totally single-minded, that’s Subaru-kyun for
nya!”

 

“Not something I’d want to take pride in, if I were in his place,” Ram muttered. “But I
suppose that’s one of the many reasons why Ram is not Barusu.”

 

“Holy fuck you are blatant,” Felt snorted. “Does the word ‘subtlety’ mean anything to you,
ya big—?”



 

["Hmm, is that so?” Emilia mused. “It'd be nice if the person you like notices that
sooner rather than later."]

 

Felt slowly sank back into her seat, silently astounded.

 

“Poor Big Bro…” she muttered faintly.

 

Was it even possible for someone to be this dense? Apparently so.

 

[“Subaru...” Emilia pursed her lips. “Why don't you take work as seriously as you do
studying?”]

 

Crusch blinked. “Ah…?”

 

Come to think of it—

 

Present-day Subaru averted his eyes from her questioning gaze, looking rather sheepish as his
mortified blush slowly faded from his cheeks.

 

["My motto is to be diligently un-diligent...” Subaru wilted slightly at the look on her
face. “Is what I would say, but this isn't the right mood for that. Uh?"]

 

["It's a serious matter,” Emilia said sternly. “Ram was complaining about it a little, too.
From time to time it feels like you're holding back."]

 

[Subaru averted his eyes guiltily.]

 



“You were trying to recreate the same results as before,” Rom concluded.

 

Subaru nodded. He didn’t say anything.

 

Crusch sighed. Trying to force such a thing was an effort doomed from the very start. It was
his earnestness and genuine nature that had…

 

But it wasn’t like she could blame him for trying to regain what he had lost. Who could?

 

Ram grimaced. “A lack of effort,” she had accused of him during their late night study
sessions before. This — recontextualized that, a bit.

 

She didn’t say anything. She didn’t think there was anything she COULD say, in a situation
like this.

 

["...So you do feel guilty about it,” Emilia noted. “It feels like you're honest to a fault in
some odd places, Subaru. You're not slacking off studying, after all."]

 

["Well, there's some little circum...” Subaru shook his head. “I guess that's not an
excuse,” he sighed. “I'll put everything into it starting tomorrow, so please forgive me,
Your Highness!"]

 

“I-I mean,” Subaru said hastily, trying to play it off. “If that were to work — there’d be no
reason to try and get the same result anymore, right? Crisis would have been averted, so…”

 

Ram had the feeling that such thoughts weren’t the only thing that had kept Subaru reaching
desperately for that same result. She had enough tact to not say this out loud.

 

“Silly Barusu,” she scoffed instead. “Using his circumstances as an excuse for shoddy
worksmanship. But what else can Ram expect from the likes of him…?”



 

“You’re one to talk about shoddy worksmanship, Nee-sama—!”

 

Rem watched the two of them banter, and she didn’t say a word.

 

["Mnn, I have no objections...” Emilia blinked. “Ah, was that a little haughty?"]

 

Anastasia chuckled. What a thing for a Royal Candidate to be worried about…!

 

[“Feelings are real important here,” Subaru nodded. “I want my renewed hard work to
completely provoke those two sisters!"]

 

["And there, another splendid moment completely wasted...” Emilia sighed. “Are you
finished studying?"]

 

["I managed to get today's part done!”]

 

“Useless,” Ram sighed. Barusu always managed to ruin the mood, didn’t he…?

 

“A good sense of humor ain’t really a bad thing,” Ricardo commented, grinning. “Even if it
does make ‘em come off as a bit of a buffoon sometimes…”

 

“Or all the time, really,” Ferris added.

 

“Hey!”

 

[“Hey, Emilia,” Subaru began. “Would you listen to a little request of mine? I'd like a
reward for working hard from tomorrow on, so...?"]



 

["A reward?” Emilia frowned slightly. “Just so you know, I don't have a lot of money I
can spare."]

 

["Wow, you sure were brought up strict.”]

 

“Oh, come on…” Anastasia sighed, shaking her head. Subaru was being so obvious, surely
Emilia could…!

 

Or perhaps she was playing around, forcing Subaru to really spell it out. That was the sort of
tease that Anastasia would pull, if she were ever in a similar situation.

 

[“Now, now, just hear me out. I'll work seriously starting tomorrow, so...” Subaru
smiled widely, giving her a big thumbs-up. “Let's go on a date!"]

 

“Of course,” Felt chuckled, shaking her head. She already knew that he wouldn’t get what he
wanted in this loop, no matter what Emilia said…

 

But there was something endearing, about seeing him pursue it so doggedly regardless.

 

["Um,” Emilia frowned. “What’s a date?"]

 

“Oh dear,” Otto sighed. Subaru really was starting from the very bottom, wasn’t he…?

 

“Captain really does have endless determination,” Garfiel snickered.

 

Ram shook her head.

 



["Heh,” Subaru grinned. “A date is when a guy and a girl go out all by themselves,” he
answered playfully. “What happens between them, only the Goddess of Love knows!"]

 

["Then you went on a date with Rem today, Subaru?"]

 

The theater burst into a loud chorus of laughter.

 

“Talk — Talk about backfiring!” Ricardo gasped.

 

“Od Laguna, you don’t have ANY LUCK—!” Felt cackled. Next to her, Rachins was
wheezing too hard to speak.

 

“Ferri— Ferri-chan doesn’t think he can add anything else to that,” Ferris confessed, tears of
laughter beading in his eyes. “What else— What else could I SAY—?!”

 

Subaru couldn’t think of anything he could say, either. He felt a little bit dizzy.

 

["NOO— An unexpected counterattack?!” His onscreen counterpart wailed, recoiling
in despair. “Please, that didn't count, that didn't count!!"]

 

“How dignified,” Wilhelm laughed. Though it wasn’t like he could blame him. If Theresia
had responded to him like that, way back when—

 

Subaru’s response really WOULD look dignified, in comparison to how Wilhelm’s younger
self would have reacted.

 

Crusch shook her head, smiling. Emilia was a lucky woman, to have a boy this adorably
upfront so completely and utterly smitten with her.

 



[Emilia giggled. “I understand you want to go out with me,“ she said. “But where?"]

 

["Actually, there's this village close to the mansion with this super lovely mutt,” Subaru
declared.]

 

And just like that, all of the mirth drained out of the theater once again.

 

Laughter died. Faces fell. Silence grew into an oppressive blanket, covering everyone like a
thick fog.

 

That was right. This…

 

[Oblivious, the Subaru in the meteor pressed on. “It has flower gardens, too,” he said.
“I wanna use my meteor to record for all eternity you standing among the blooming
flowers. —If the battery holds up, I wanna fill the whole memory card with pictures of
Emilia..."]

 

“That’s right,” Emilia said softly. “Subaru had…”

 

He had really been looking forward to it, back then.

 

["Ah...the village, huh?"]

 

[The Emilia onscreen looked nervous.]

 

Emilia knew why she had been nervous, back then. She didn’t remember this loop, but she
didn’t need to in order to know that.

 



It was silly. She had been right to be nervous — but she had been nervous for all of the wrong
reasons.

 

["The dog's super cute,” Subaru grinned. “Let's go!"]

 

[“But it might cause you quite a bit of trouble, Subaru,” Emilia warned. “The
villagers…”]

 

Ram buried her face in her hands. What a ridiculous thing to be worrying about, when…!

 

Deep breath in. Out. Ram had known that this was coming, and she hadn’t allowed herself to
get quite so attached this time specifically because she knew how much it could hurt.

 

["The kids there are completely innocent, totally a bunch of angels. Let's go!"]

 

But still…

 

["...All right already,” Emilia smiled. “It can't be helped. I'll just have to go with you."]

 

Beatrice swallowed.

 

["The flower gardens are magical and wonderful and...” Subaru blinked. “Wait,
seriously?"]

 

[She seems less resistant than last time, doesn’t she?]

 

“Not like it’ll do anyone any good,” Anastasia muttered. They all knew what was coming
next, after all.



 

["If that'll make you work hard from tomorrow on, I'll go with you,” Emilia declared.
“So don't go drifting off anywhere, alright?"]

 

Crusch flinched. Ferris sank in on himself.

 

["Nope, nope, will do no such thing! My soul's already burning with determination to
finish all my work perfectly!"]

 

That is yet another promise he’s going to break, Julius thought grimly. But — it wasn’t like it
was his fault.

 

Having kept herself carefully quiet, Frederica now felt her lower lip wobble.

 

[“Your soul’s burning for something like that?!”]

 

[Emilia’s shocked response made both of them burst into laughter.]

 

The sound of that happy laughter felt like needles under Otto’s skin. They really didn’t
know…!

 

Of course they didn’t. How could they have known?

 

Garfiel gritted his teeth so hard he thought he might have heard a crack.

 

["Mm, the stars are so pretty tonight,” Emilia smiled. “It'll probably be clear tomorrow,
too."]

 



["—Yeah. It'll be a day I'll never forget."]

 

["There you go again, Subaru..."]

 

[Emilia faltered at the sight of Subaru’s uncharacteristically serious face.]

 

Wilhelm watched Subaru’s face sadly. It was good, that he had been so determined to fight
against…

 

But it wasn’t going to do him any good. He didn’t know what he was up against — and so he
didn’t realize that the door was about to close on him. And once it did, Subaru wouldn’t be
able to do anything about it.

 

[Subaru noticed her looking and shook himself. "If you stay here too long,” he warned
teasingly. “I'm gonna end up falling asleep and mistaking you for a squeeze pillow till
morning..."]

 

Ricardo would have teased him for that, in other circumstances. But now his mouth felt too
dry to even try it out.

 

Everyone seemed to be in agreement about this, because the theater was so quiet they would
have been able to hear a pin drop.

 

["Just now...” Emilia shook her head. “Ahh, it's nothing."]

 

["You know,” Subaru frowned. “If you suddenly stop talking like that, it really makes
guys nervous..?"]

 

[“It’s nothing!”]

 



Rom grimaced, watching as the night drew to a close. Soon the curtains would fall, and…

 

["Now then, Manservant Subaru,” Emilia declared. “Work hard come tomorrow.
Rewards come only to children who work hard for them."]

 

[Then Emilia was gone, and Subaru had been left alone.]

 

Anastasia let out a slow, shaky breath. So it repeats itself, she thought grimly.

 

Felt gritted her teeth. That’s that, then.

 

Crusch pressed her lips together and said nothing.

 

["Hold on, hold on, seriously?” Subaru shook his head. “Geez, I'm getting real popular
here. Seriously."]

 

That would have earned him some teases, if the atmosphere hadn’t grown so tense.

 

Nobody could summon the strength to laugh, with the current state of things being what they
were.

 

[Six hours until tomorrow… Subaru thought.]

 

Six hours, Frederica repeated. And then he would be dead.

 

["Now. Bring it on, O’ Inevitable Fate…”]

 



Julius wordlessly watched Subaru sit there waiting for death, already knowing that the boy
didn’t stand a chance.

 

“Stupid Barusu,” Ram hissed. “You stupid, stupid…!”

 

But there was nothing anyone could do about it now.

 

[It’s been two hours, Subaru thought, his back pressed against the bed. The floor isn’t
that chilly, but I’m feeling really cold after sitting here for so long…]

 

Ferris hissed slowly between his teeth.

 

Subaru was feeling cold. That was…

 

“There’s nyothing anyone can do about it, nyow,” he muttered.

 

Crusch hesitated, and then reached out to put a hand on her knight’s shoulder. Ferris barely
reacted at all, his eyes glazed and dull.

 

["Who could sleep with his heart pounding like this anyway?!" Subaru sighed. “Here's
what I get for looking forward to the promise with Emilia. Geez, I haven't had this
much trouble sleeping since before that picnic in first grade…”]

 

It was a sick joke, Rom couldn’t help but think, for that boy to be speaking so lightheartedly
when his fate had just been sealed behind his back.

 

[“…And I ended up oversleeping for the school trip. Really takes me back…”]

 



Otto wanted a drink. This feeling of absolute hopelessness, as they all sat and waited for the
inevitable… It was the kind of situation that alcohol had been invented for.

 

—There was nothing anyone could do, any more.

 

[Relations with Emilia were good, this time, Subaru thought. And I feel like relations with
Ram and Rem were getting better, but... I haven’t encountered Beatrice almost at all,
huh?]

 

Beatrice could have saved him, if he had just—

 

But she wouldn’t have, Frederica knew. She wouldn't make the same mistake twice.

 

Garfiel gritted his teeth. He wasn’t going to say anything, because Captain had already made
his feelings on the matter clear, but—

 

(He didn’t need to say it out loud. Everyone in the theater was already thinking the same
fucking thing.)

 

["Just like before, she gave me a good tongue-lashing just from seeing my face,
sheesh…” Subaru leaned back. “I should've thanked her for that somehow,” he thought
aloud. It was only thanks to her that I managed to get ahold of myself, after all…]

 

You shouldn’t be thanking me for anything, Beatrice thought dully. It was thanks to her, after
all, that he had lost—

 

She could have saved him, and she didn’t. That was a blight on her soul that she would have
to live with for the rest of her life.

 

(Did this version of her even know how much that small conversation had meant to Subaru,
back at the start of this loop? Certainly not. She hadn’t understood anything.)



 

[If I make it to tomorrow morning, there’ll be lots and lots more that I want to do.]

 

Ram swallowed.

 

There won’t be a tomorrow morning, Emilia thought sadly. Not for you.

 

Everyone already knew that much. All they could do now was — wait, and watch as
everything came to an end.

 

[Subaru shook himself. “This isn’t an MMO,” he scolded himself, rubbing his tired
eyelids. “It’s no joke if I fall asleep here…”]

 

It didn’t hurt so much, this time, to hear him say that.

 

Nobody had been foolish enough to make the same mistake twice. They had known from the
start that Subaru wasn’t going to survive, so nobody had let themselves…

 

[Why won’t this chill leave me be…? And my sleepiness is getting worse, too—]

 

[Subaru suddenly started. “Wait a—”]

 

Julius let out a slow, shaky breath. So he’s realized it, now.

 

He hoped it would be fast.

 

[I’m so cold. And I feel nauseous. Why do I feel so…?]



 

(He knew enough about curses to know that it wouldn’t be so.)

 

[Subaru suddenly collapsed, just barely managing to catch himself, and he vomited on
the floor.]

 

Rom watched with a stoic expression on his face, grim. He knew what was coming next.
He’d seen men die of curses before, so he already knew…

 

Ricardo swallowed. He wasn’t really used to these slow, painful things. He usually just used
his swords to chop people up and be done with it.

 

That was merciful, probably. In comparison to…

 

Frederica shakily moved to cover her eyes. She was a maid, after all. She wasn't a knight. 

 

["S-Somebody..." he croaked out, attempting to cry for help. His voice was raspy, and
caught in his throat.]

 

Reinhard gritted his teeth. Subaru was— had called out for help. He had been crying for help,
and—

 

And Reinhard hadn’t been there at all.

 

Surely there was something Subaru could have done differently, right? Julius tried to figure
out where everything could have gone so wrong, where he could have done something else
and the day would have been saved—

 

Such thinking did nobody any good, but it was all Julius could think of to do in this situation
where everything has already long been decided.



 

[Why is it suddenly so hard to breathe…? And my legs are cramping, I can’t…]

 

Rachins was shaking. This slow, painful death…

 

“If you don’t wanna get hurt, cough up everything you’ve got!”

 

That was what he had said, and then Subaru had died slowly and painfully by his own hand.

 

And now, it was happening all over again. And there was nothing anyone could do to stop it.

 

[Subaru struggled out of the room, weakly crying for help.]

 

Hearing that pitiful crying sound made Frederica want to cry herself.

 

Subaru had been crying and begging for someone to help him, and Reinhard hadn’t been—

 

This is sick, Tivey hissed inwardly. This is so fucking sick.

 

A man — turned into a dog, panting and whining and whimpering because of the pain of a
curse he couldn’t do anything about. What kind of a sick joke WAS this?

 

Hetaro sobbed quietly. Tivey pressed himself against his older brother. Mimi wrapped her
arms around them both the best she could. All three of them listened silently, as Subaru’s
panting, whining struggles to stay alive slowly, slowly petered…

 

[This is bad, Subaru thought. What’s happening to me…?]



 

Anastasia reached out and gave the three triplets a hug. They embraced her back, hiding their
faces from the awful scene. Anastasia kept watching, eyes cold and stern.

 

Emilia had been right there. As his liege, Subaru’s safety was Emilia’s responsibility. And
both times, Emilia had been…

 

But that isn’t fair, she reminded herself. Emilia couldn’t have known.

 

But since when was anything ever “fair”? As a Royal Candidate, Lady Emilia had a
responsibility, and…

 

[It’s so hard to walk… Each step feels like it’s shaving off another piece of my…my soul…
Wasn’t it easier to walk through this passageway, earlier today…?]

 

Wilhelm wanted to cry.

 

Not many things brought him to tears. That had been the case when he was younger and it
was even more so in the present day, but — this image, in front of him…

 

If he had been there, he could at least have given him a swift death. It would have haunted
Wilhelm forever, he knew, but—

 

A swift death at the hand of someone who loved them would have been a mercy, as opposed
to letting someone slowly waste away, alone and scared and crying for help.

 

["Haa...haa..." Subaru wheezed, crawling up the stairs on all fours.]

 

Felt watched, aghast. This was awful to witness, in a manner distinctly different from the
prior, bloodier deaths. A slow and painful demise, at the hands of a curse that slowly sapped



away one’s life while they couldn’t even understand what was happing to them…!

 

Felt thought that she preferred the Bowel Hunter to — this.

 

[How long will it take me to reach the top…? Just the thought makes me so… I’m so
tired…]

 

Crusch felt dizzy. This was awful. This was disgusting. This was—

 

What a horrible world this must be, for fates like — this — to exist within it.

 

[My insides are melting… My ears are ringing…]

 

Was this how Fourier had felt, back…?

 

The thought made Ferris want to cry. Fourier had been so cold and tired, and nothing anyone
had done to help him did anything at all. He had been smiling until the very end, but…

 

(And now the woman who had been the love of his life didn’t even remember him anymore.)

 

[I’m so tired, and it’s hard to move…]

 

Garfiel would have helped him, if he were there. He would have— gotten him water, or a
blanket, or helped him walk down the corridor to see Emilia—

 

He wouldn’t have been able to save him, but surely there was something he could have done
—!

 



[Everything in me is turning into some kind of soup, isn’t it…?]

 

Otto wondered if he was going to throw up.

 

[There’s vomit dribbling from my mouth, and my face is stained with tears. I’m so pathetic,
but…]

 

Beatrice saw Subaru shaking, inside his jar. “Subaru…?” she whispered.

 

Subaru didn’t seem to hear her. His eyes were fixed on the meteor. He was shaking. He was
shaking very, very badly—

 

“S-Subaru?”

 

[—Emilia. Emilia. Emilia. This was all that Subaru could think as he crawled forward. I
have to get to Emilia.]

 

Emilia let out a strangled sob. Her poor knight…!

 

Nobody could save him now — but please, just let him find her! Let her find him, let her
whisper words of comfort to him as he—

 

It would kill her inside, she knew, but Subaru deserved to have someone…!

 

[Sliding against the wall like this… Subaru huffed. Anyone watching would feel…]

 

All that Rem could feel was horror. What could have done something like this? What could
possibly be said to justify it? Why had it been done to HIM, who had done absolutely nothing
to earn it?



 

What the fuck WAS this place, where something like this—!

 

[It wouldn’t even be pity, would it? They’d just feel…disgust, at me having lost the dignity
of walking upright like a man…]

 

Ram recoiled violently at that thought. “You fucking moron,” she snapped at Subaru, her
voice raw and aching. “What kind of a monster would…?”

 

Ram did not think that had never seen anything less amusing than this in her life.

 

[There was a metal clinking sound, somewhere in the distance.]

 

Emilia jolted slightly. “Metal…?” she asked, shivering as she looked at the screen.

 

“M-Maybe it’s Roswaal?” Otto asked shakily. “With that— With that chain on his shoe…”

 

["…Uh?" Subaru wondered dimly, sliding down the wall.]

 

Garfiel didn’t think he had ever once actually HOPED to see the Margrave’s face before in
his life. But right now…

 

Please, he found himself begging. Just— anyone. Please just— don’t leave him alone…!

 

[Subaru's body was suddenly thrown back by some sort of impact, bouncing several
times, face literally wiping the floor as he skidded to a stop.]

 



The sudden sound of crunching and splattering made Frederica recoil with a cry of horrified
surprise, abruptly lowering her hands from her face in shuck.

 

“What the fuck?!” Ram shouted, lurching forwards in her seat.

 

What could have— That couldn’t have been the curse, right? That couldn’t have been—

 

“What—?!” Emilia exclaimed. “What was—?!”

 

[That’s strange, Subaru noted numbly, an odd sense of annoyance coloring his thoughts
where he lay on the floor. I have no balance. My right arm is working so hard, where’d
the left one run off to..?]

 

Wilhelm had a bad feeling in his gut, when he heard that. He wanted to shake it off. He
wanted to think that no, surely not… or maybe he wanted to brace himself, for what he knew
he was about to see.

 

But it was useless, because the meteor didn’t care for what he WANTED to see. And it was
useless, because nothing could have prepared him for—

 

["—Ah?"]

 

Frederica screamed loudly.

 

[Everything past Subaru’s left shoulder had been completely torn off.]

 

“Holy fuck!” Rom shouted, his eyes going wide. “What the Hell just—?!”

 



[It was only after Subaru had noticed that his arm was missing that he began to screech
in agony, flailing about and slamming himself into the ground again and again, unable
to process what had just—]

 

Wilhelm was a veteran soldier. Wilhelm had seen men bleed out, slowly and painfully, on a
battlefield far away from home. Wilhelm had seen innocent people mowed down by monsters
from the pits of Hell. Wilhelm had seen broken bones, limbs torn off, bloodied and open
wounds, so many deaths in so many different ways—

 

—Nothing could have prepared him for the imagery of Subaru thrashing about in a growing
puddle of his own blood, screaming in pain and crying out for someone, anyone— on the
floor of the manor in which he was SUPPOSED to be safe—!

 

[I wanna die.]

 

Mimi made a horrible, horrible noise. Her brothers clutched her tight. None of them could
look away.

 

Mimi was the Vice Captain of the Iron Fang. Mimi had seen death. Mimi had even killed a
couple of people herself.

 

But here, now, watching this, listening to—

 

[I wanna die.]

 

“You three,” Ricardo hissed quietly. “You three — don’t look at that. Don’t listen to—”

 

[I wanna die.]

 

Was that even a fair thing for Ricardo to say? Was it fair, to rob Subaru of the lot of them—
They hadn’t saved him, and now he was trying to for it them from bearing witness to—?



 

I can’t care about that right now. I’ll apologize to Subaru one thousand times if I have to, but
I can’t—

 

“It’ll be alright,” he insisted. “It’ll be alright, just—”

 

[I wanna die.]

 

Ricardo had ripped off people’s limbs before, back in Kararagi. Ripping off their limbs and
throwing them in boiling oil — that had been his way of getting rid of the particularly nasty
sorts of scum. Plus, thieves had their dominant arm removed as penance for their crimes,
back there.

 

But he had never really thought about—

 

Had those people thrashed around like this, did he think? Could he see them, in his mind’s
eye—

 

[I wanna die.]

 

Anastasia didn’t have any physical reaction at all, watching this spectacle. She was frozen in
place, eyes fixated on the gory, gory details of a man suddenly made into a piece of meat.

 

[I wanna die.]

 

Rem had recoiled away from the screen at some point, shivering violently with horror so
great she feared it would crush her under its weight. She could feel tears beading at the
corners of her eyes. She could taste bile, rising up at the back of her throat.

 

Sick, she wanted to spit out. Sick, sick, sick— What kind of a sick world IS this place—?!



 

[I wanna die.]

 

“I’m right here, Rem,” Ram said quietly, gripping her shoulder right, even when all she
wanted to do was scream.

 

That was her little brother up there. That wasn’t— That was her LITTLE BROTHER up
there on that screen—!

 

Who had done this? What had done this?! Ram didn’t remember anything like—!

 

[I wanna die.]

 

Her little sister needed her. Those two eyes were staring upwards with a glazed, horrified
expression. Ram needed to be there for—

 

“I’m right here,” she said, gently tugging Rem to her chest. Rem didn’t resist, throwing
herself towards her to hide her face in her chest. Ram ran her fingers through her hair. “Your
Nee-sama is right here,” she repeated. She was numb with anger and fright. This was a
blessing: it made her voice sound calm and even. “I’m right here, it’ll be alright…”

 

[I wanna die.]

 

I don’t care, Rem repeated, clutching Ram close as she repeated that mantra in her head. I
don’t care, I don’t care, I don’t care! Who cares, if that suspicious boy— It’s for the best if he
— I shouldn’t care, I don’t—!

 

It wasn’t working very well. Rem did her best to strengthen the fortifications around her
heart, even as it lay under siege.

 



[I wanna die.]

 

Rachins was going to throw up. Rachins was going to throw up, right here and right now. He
wanted to throw up. He wanted to—

 

“Rachins!”

 

Felt’s voice was sharp, but it was so far away. Rachins couldn’t hear anything. Rachins
couldn’t see anything, or feel anything either. All he could think about was—

 

“Oh be quiet. You get me back for it next time around, so stop complaining already.”

 

[I wanna die.]

 

Felt wanted to throw up. Felt had seen some foul fucking things in her life, but this was—
She wanted to throw up. She wanted to go vomit somewhere.

 

But right now—

 

“Rachins— Rachins!” she cried out, grabbing him and attempting to shake him out of his
state of shock. Because just when he had started to crawl out of the hole he had gone and
curled up in—!

 

“Rachins, please calm down!” Reinhard pleaded. “It’s all— It’ll be over soon—!”

 

[I wanna die.]

 

Reinhard said that, but it was all he could do to keep from— from—



 

Why hadn’t I been there?!

 

[I wanna die.]

 

Julius didn’t know— What could Subaru have done to avoid a fate like this? If he had done
this, or if he had done that— Could anything have spared him from something this horrible?

 

There has to be something, he insisted to himself. There has to be something he could have
done differently— Something that could have saved him from—!

 

Had he ever stood a chance at all?

 

[I wanna die.]

 

Ferris covered his ears tight, desperately trying to block out the sound of—

 

[I wanna die.]

 

That violent screaming, those desperate gasps for air that one gave when the pain made it
difficult for them to breathe, the sickening squelch of a body writing in blood—

 

[I wanna die. I don't wanna live. I just wanna die.]

 

Subaru’s horrible, horrible, begging desire for the release of—

 

Ferris didn’t want to listen to this. He didn’t want to hear this. He didn’t want to know what
was happening on that screen. It didn’t matter how tightly he closed his eyes: the imagery



was all too vivid, imprinted as it was on the back of his eyelids

 

[I'll die soon.]

 

“Ferris!” Crusch tried to call out, reaching for her knight.

 

Crusch hated this. She hated this sight right down to her blood and guts, and she didn’t want
to watch it for another moment. But— Ferris could stand it even less than she could, and—

 

Ferris clutched her close, the minute he realized she was offering. Crusch ran her fingers
through his hair, feeling him shake a leaf against her body.

 

[I'm dead. I don't know anything.]

 

Subaru! Frederica wanted to scream. She couldn't move. Her voice wouldn't work. Subaru—!

 

Part of Garfiel wondered if he would have thought less of Subaru, if he had known about this
scene before. If he would have dismissed it as pathetic, if he would have called him less of a
man for crying out in pain. He wanted to say he wouldn’t, that he’d understand just how
horrible and disgusting it was, but—

 

This was one of those things you couldn’t really understand unless you saw it for yourself,
right?

 

Otto just barely managed to reach the far side of the room before he puked. A putrid mix of
bile and saliva mingled against the floor, dripping in long strands from his open mouth. His
ears were ringing. His eyes were glazed over. He could still taste his lunch.

 

[Everything's far off.]

 



“Subaru!” Beatrice was crying out, banging on the side of the glass jar. “Subaru, please, it’s
— It’s oh-kay, in fact! Betty is right— right—!”

 

But that hadn’t always been the case, had it?

 

[Can't remember anything.]

 

Why hadn’t Betty BEEN there?!

 

[Don't care about anything. Just let me die already.]

 

All of this had happened — back then?

 

Emilia stared at the meteorm. Nothing else existed, except for her and those images on—

 

Nothing else existed. She felt numb. She felt dizzy. She felt— She felt—

 

My poor knight, she thought dimly. But those words didn’t even begin to encapsulate—

 

All of this had happened — and right under her nose? Right in her own home, when she was
right next—!

 

[“The…” Subaru muttered hoarsely. “The sound of a chain…?”]

 

[Subaru’s skull was smashed in by something heavy.]

 



[—Subaru woke up screaming at the top of his lungs, writhing around on the bed as if
he had suddenly been thrust into utter agony.]

 

“What the FUCK was that?!” Garfiel shouted, his eyes wide. “Who— What— Nobody ever
told me about THAT?!”

 

Frederica swallowed. She still couldn't bring herself to make a sound. She let Garfiel do the
shouting for her.

 

[“L-Left hand… It's here. It's here, isn't it?”]

 

“I don’t remember THAT at all!” Ram agreed, looking extremely agitated. Rem was still
shivering, speechless, as she clutched her little sister tightly to her chest. “There wasn’t —
did the Wolgarm infiltrate the Estate this time, somehow?!”

 

“B-But then—” Emilia’s eyes were wide, and she was trembling. “What was that metal
sound?” she asked, trying desperately to wrangle her thoughts together into something
coherent. “Did one of them have a collar, maybe…?”

 

Had Meili maybe—? But Meili wouldn’t have needed to use a collar, right?

 

“That didn’t look like a Wolgarm attack,” Ricardo growled, bristling all over. “Wolgarm use
their fangs to rip folks apart, they don’t—”

 

Toss people bodily across the room hard enough to rip off a limb before crushing in their
skull.

 

“That’s sick,” Garfiel hissed. An attack that vicious — against someone so weak they
couldn’t even stand? “What kind of sadistic bastard…?”

 



And if nobody could remember it — was it ever really neutralized? Would it be a threat that
Otto still needed to take care of? The merchant swallowed, wiping his mouth clean with a
handkerchief, already trying to formulate a plan of action — just in case.

 

[My left hand is here— My blown-off left side is intact— My right arm is here, too…
There isn’t even any scarring.]

 

Rem tried to remember that this boy was someone she should feel distant from. This wasn’t
someone she was supposed to care about. This man was suspicious, and—

 

But it was getting more and more difficult to insist on using that line of thought as a shield,
when Subaru was…

 

He hasn’t even done anything, a voice in her head whispered. What kind of sick joke is it to
inflict something like this — upon someone who hasn’t even done anything wrong?

 

[“I've gone back again...” Subaru realized, slightly belated.]

 

—Rem shook her head. He’s dangerous, she reminded herself. He’s dangerous. Don’t have
sympathy for…

 

She would need to guard her heart carefully from the threat of giving sympathy to someone
who didn’t deserve it, in the face of imagery like this.

 

[I feel sick. I can still feel the loss of… I feel sick…!]

 

(She would need to guard her heart carefully if she didn’t want it to fracture under the stress.)

 

[Rem and Ram were clutching each other in the corner and watching him with wide-
eyed suspicion, having startled violently backwards at the shock of Subaru waking up
screaming.]



 

["Ah, sorry,” Subaru said. “Good morning."]

 

Emilia — and everyone else in the theater — turned to look at Ram. Ram shook her head
wordlessly, eyes unusually wide.

 

Emilia swallowed.

 

Just how many times…?

 

[And they’ve forgotten about me again…]

 

[That’s fine. Subaru forced a smile. I’ll show my sincerity as the first step to getting along!
Even if they’ve forgotten me, I haven’t forgotten them…]

 

Ram felt a pit opening up in her stomach.

 

[“Sorry for the trouble,” Subaru greeted, smiling awkwardly. “Natsuki Subaru,
rebooted and ready to go!”]

 

Ricardo took a deep, shaky breath, trying to shake it off as he forced a smile. “G-Great
introduction, kid,” he teased. His voice sounded hoarse.

 

It was important to laugh. It was important to find the joy and the humor in this, because—

 

Because even if they all knew that Subaru wasn’t going to survive—

 



“S-Subaru-kyun sure is adornyable, isn’t he?” Ferris agreed shakily, plastering a false smile
on his face.

 

He’d— He’d keep that fake smile on until it became true. For his own sake.

 

“Subaru…?” Beatrice whimpered.

 

“Y-Yeah, laugh it up!” Subaru retorted, playing up his offense as much as he could, even as
he continued to shake. “Laugh it up, you two, because as soon as I get myself out of this jar
—!”

 

(Nobody would be able to take it, if they let the misery pile up and up and up—)

 

[“…By the way,” Subaru added. “What’s the date and time?”]

 

“A-And that would be the ‘cherry on top,’” Garfiel said, a grin slowly crawling back onto his
face.

 

(The third loop at the manor began, and everyone already knew it wouldn’t be the last.)

Chapter End Notes

Side Stories included in this chapter:

[Ram and the Night Study Group]

[Rem’s Latte Art]

Side Stories referenced:

[Re:Zero Prequel: The Oni Sisters of the Hidden Village]



Chapter 9: Red and Blue (Arc 2, Part 4)
Chapter Summary

Past!Subaru investigates his cause of death. But…why is present!Subaru acting so
strangely, all of a sudden?

Chapter Notes

By the way — added in the Side Story [The Awkward Duo] into that first chapter. And
(a reference to) [Behind the Scenes in Life in Another World From Zero] in the final Arc
1 chapter, too! So. There’s that.

Anyway, the next chapter is REALLY gonna suck :D But before that, we’ve got one
more lighthearted-ish one to go…!

(Best enjoy it while you can.)

See the end of the chapter for more notes

[“So when I went back in time the first time, it was debilitation causing death in my
sleep,” Subaru was muttering. “But what about the sound of the chain…? So there was
an attacker, then…? Not that I know if the debilitation and the chain were the same
person…”]

 

“So,” Frederica demanded, finally finding her voice again. It came out cold and harsh. “What
was that?”

 

Garfiel swallowed.

 

[Just remembering that injury makes my arm throb and go numb… Subaru inwardly
shuddered. The sound of the chain was probably the weapon that caused that.]

 



The very thought made Wilhelm shiver. As a soldier, it wasn’t like he was unused to such
extreme violence — but when it came to someone like Subaru…!

 

It was surprisingly difficult to stomach even the thought of such a thing, let alone witnessing
it in so much gruesome detail.

 

“Yes,” he growled. “Who was responsible for that?”

 

If they weren’t disposed of already, then Wilhelm would make sure they were done away
with himself, with his own two hands.

 

[“If I’m included, it’s probably everyone,” Subaru decided. “No doubt related to
Emilia’s Royal Candidacy, just like with…”]

 

“Did anyone get a good look at what it was that actually killed him?” Crusch asked.

 

“All I got was that it was something big, heavy, and made of metal — with some sort of chain
attached,” Ricardo answered grimly. “That doesn’t narrow it down as much as ya’d think…”

 

“M-Maybe it was Elsa?” Emilia wondered. She was still shaking slightly. She was trying not
to. “She… She came back once already,” she said. “Maybe she and Meili…?”

 

“The Bowel Hunter uses sharp weapons, not blunt force,” Otto refused. “As brutal as that
was — it doesn’t feel like the same type of brutal that Elsa would…”

 

[“But even if I know it, I don’t have any proof to explain it with,” Subaru sighed. “And
I’m too green to have any way to stop it…”]

 

“It didn’t feel like her style at all,” Felt agreed, frowning. Her heart was still racing. She tried
not to show it. “Do we— Are there any other infamous mercenaries, ones who might have a
style like that?”



 

“Not off the top of my head,” Anastasia denied, frustrated. “But I ain’t the one to ask.
Whoever this was seems to have had a grudge against the Emilia Camp…”

 

“Don’t look at me,” Ram snapped. “I didn’t recognize that at all. I’ve never seen anything
like that before.”

 

“Maybe they gave up in our current timeline?” Mimi asked. “Cause it was — too much
trouble?”

 

“But why wouldn’t Subaru say anything?” Tivey frowned.

 

“Maybe he took care of it on his own,” Hetaro suggested hesitantly. “Then there’d be no need
to say anything, right…?”

 

“I’d hope that Subaru would have more sense than that,” Julius groaned. “But then again, of
all of the things for me to count on…”

 

[I have no way to explain how I know what I know because of Return By Death, Subaru
reflected. And even if I did manage to convince Roswaal to take precautions, it won’t help
if the attacker suddenly changes plans…!]

 

“Who…Whoever it is,” Reinhard said hesitantly. “If they’re still around, then—”

 

“Then we should neutralize the threat that they pose as quickly as we can, in fact,” Beatrice
agreed. “To come in and…” She was shaking in anger. She shook her head to try and clear it.
“I don’t know who would do something like that, but— we won’t let it happen again.”

 

“That’s a fine sentiment,” Rom said grimly. “But we can’t do anything without knowing
exactly what’s going on, here.”

 



[Beyond that, there‘s the option of driving away the attacker on my own—]

 

“NO—!” Wilhelm shouted, eyes flying wide.

 

[But my low combat ability and ignorance of what exactly this guy can do rule that out.
Subaru shook his head. It'd probably end like last time: me crying like a baby while
getting beaten to death.]

 

That — also was not exactly the conclusion that Wilhelm wanted him to draw.

 

["I'm just too pathetic,” Subaru lamented. “Plus I didn't see the opponent's face or
weapon. A total dog's death, geez..."]

 

…That REALLY wasn’t the conclusion that Wilhelm had wanted Subaru to draw.

 

(Julius was too busy recovering from his own impromptu heart attack to complain about the
specifics, really.) (Was he smelling toast…?)

 

["You are so gloomy I could die,” Beatrice said, sitting in the middle of the circle of
Subaru’s constant pacing. “Either stop right now or I shall blow you away. Choose."]

 

Beatrice winced at her unfortunate choice of words. Frederica scowled.

 

“Wait—” Rem frowned. “Why are we trying to figure it out like this?” she asked.

 

“E-Eh?” Emilia responded, looking surprised and a little hurt. “Because— Well, we need to
know, don’t…?”

 



“That’s not what I meant.” Rem shook her head — and then pointed to where Subaru was
sitting in his jar. “He remembers everything, doesn’t he?” she asked, turning to face him
properly for the first time. “So why don’t we just…”

 

Rem faltered.

 

The look on Subaru’s face was…

 

["Sorry, sorry.” Subaru stuck out his tongue. “But for some reason, making something
other than my head turn around gets my head turning, too. So let it slide, okay? We're
buddies, after all."]

 

["Is there such a relationship between us, I wonder? We have met only twice, after
all?"]

 

Beatrice grimaced. They’d met a good deal more than that, from Subaru’s perspective.

 

But — there was something else going on right now.

 

“Subaru…?” Beatrice asked. The look on his face was worrying her. “Do you — know who
was responsible?”

 

["The heart speaks louder than words,” Subaru brushed off Beatrice’s comment with
surprising ease. “I mean, you did let me in here.”]

 

[“You broke through Betty’s Door Crossing all by yourself, I suppose. It really is quite
unbelievable.”]

 

Subaru took a deep breath. Exhaled. Clasped his hands together.

 



“It was — actually my own fault,” he declared.

 

The theater was silent for a long, long moment.

 

“…With all due respect, Barusu,” Ram finally said, her voice flat. “What the actual fuck are
you talking about?”

 

[“Well, I won't cause you any trouble,” Subaru grinned. “Just serve me some tea and
take it easy."]

 

…Julius shook his head. Bad manners or not, this current conversation was more important.
“Your fault, Subaru?” he echoed.

 

["Why would I serve you anything, I suppose? You truly are irritating."]

 

“I-I mean…”

 

Subaru looked very shifty, at the moment. He looked like he was struggling to find the right
thing to say. All of the eyes in the room had fallen upon him, all ears perked and listening for
him to elaborate on what on Earth he had just…

 

Old Man Rom’s eyes narrowed.

 

["Come to think of it,“ Subaru pondered. “You don't look like it, but you're a magic
user, right?"]

 

["Your choice of words offends me,” Beatrice said flatly. “Will you not associate me
with such second-rate imbeciles, I wonder?"]

 



[“…You don't have many friends, do you?" Subaru asked.]

 

Julius started coughing, suddenly very much distracted. “S-Subaru?!” he gasped.

 

Ricardo barked out a laugh. “What a thing to say to a Great Spirit!” he roared.

 

[Beatrice sputtered. "How did you leap from that subject to this one, I wonder?!"]

 

“Ah yes, the Great Spirit of Yin, of four centuries past,” Otto sighed, shaking his head. “In
context, what a thing to say…”

 

“Can ya blame him?” Garfiel snickered.

 

“Not really, no.”

 

Beatrice gaped at them. “What does that mean, I wonder?!” she demanded.

 

["Er, I don't have any friends, either,” Subaru admitted. “So I picked up on it, but
that's not good for you. Being so high-handed at such a young age is going to affect you
later in life. Should adjust that now while you can."]

 

“I am four hundred years old, in fact?!”

 

“You don’t always act like it,” Otto sighed.

 

Beatrice rounded on him, a look of wide-eyed offense on her face. Otto squeaked. “And what
does THAT mean, I wonder?!”

 



["Is there magic to...weaken someone and kill them in their sleep?" Subaru asked
hesitantly.]

 

[A rapid-onset disease seems unlikely, and I don’t know why an intruder would use poison
AND a blunt weapon. Magic seems most likely, here…]

 

Otto sighed. “We already know he’s wrong, but it’s a reasonable guess…”

 

Somehow, the rationality of that line of thought just made this situation all the more
frustrating.

 

[Beatrice raised her eyebrows, but shrugged and answered. "Such things do exist,” she
confirmed.]

 

—Otto shook his head.

 

“But anyway — Natsuki-san,” he called. Subaru turned to face him. “Back to what we were
talking about — what on Earth did you mean, that such a brutal death was…YOUR fault?”

 

["They do, huh?" Subaru prodded.”]

 

“O-Okay, so…” Subaru was visibly searching for the right words. “Imagine,” he said. “That
you see someone who is — clearly on death’s doorstep, and doesn’t have long left to live.
But, if you do nothing, they will die slowly and painfully, and also make a huge mess in the
process.”

 

Emilia swallowed, but nodded. “A-Alright,” she said faintly.

 

“In that situation — wouldn’t it be the humane thing to do, to kill them outright so that they
don’t have to suffer anymore?”



 

The room was silent for a long moment.

 

“…What?” Ram finally asked, her voice very, very cold.

 

["It is closer to a curse than a spell, I suppose?” Beatrice elaborated.]

 

“No, listen to me, here!”

 

“Barusu—” Ram cut herself off with a sigh. “…Are you seriously suggesting,” she said
flatly. “That the faceless attacker who hit you hard enough to rip off your arm — did so as an
attempted mercy kill?”

 

Subaru broke into a relieved smile. “Yes,” he said emphatically. “Yes, exactly! That’s exactly
right!”

 

Ram stared at him for a long, long moment, wondering what on Earth she was supposed to
say to that.

 

It was Frederica who spoke up: “That has to be the dumbest thing I’ve ever heard.”

 

Subaru blinked, as though he had the nerve to be taken aback by that response. “Wha—
Why?” he demanded.

 

“What part of that looked like a mercy kill?” Ram demanded, stepping in to agree with her
stone-eyed coworker. “There would be so many other, better ways to do such a thing, if truly
necessary — ways that DIDN’T end with you writing in agony in a puddle of your own
blood, hysterically begging for death!” She gestured at the meteor emphatically. “If THAT is
your idea of mercy, then—!”

 



“Attempted mercy, I mean! Sure, it— may not have worked as intended, but—”

 

“They didn’t even rush to correct their mistake! They had to have waited for — at least
several moments, just watching as you—!”

 

“Maybe they were in shock! I mean, they would have just ripped off my—”

 

“How could someone experienced enough to be secretly carrying a weapon like that around
the Mathers Estate in the dead of night also be green enough to go into shock after using it?!”

 

“Julius!” Subaru shouted, rounding on the Knight of Knights. Julius startled. “Julius — you
agree with me, right? That this could have been a mercy kill?”

 

“I— I mean—” Julius floundered, wondering why Subaru had chosen to ask HIM such an
unpleasant question, of all people. “Su— Subaru,” he finally managed to say. “An attack
harsh enough to rip your arm clean off while sending you clear across the hallway from a
distance — while also missing all of your vitals? That’s — not a mercy kill.”

 

“You don’t know that,” Subaru insisted.

 

“I think I can make an educated guess!” Julius retorted. “Why are you being so insistent
about this?! It’s — Did we watch the same thing, here?!”

 

“I— I have my reasons, okay? Just — It COULD be a mercy kill, right?”

 

“A mercy kill is meant to end suffering, not prolong it!” Julius felt himself beginning to get
angry. “You— If you MUST know, a mercy kill requires you to aim straight for the vitals,
with a weapon that is near-guaranteed to end things as quickly and neatly as possible! It’s not
—!”

 



“What if all you have is a blunt weapon like that?” Subaru challenged. “Then what do you
do?”

 

“THEN YOU DON’T MISS!”

 

“Jules, calm down,” Anastasia ordered, pulling him back into his seat. Julius hadn’t even
realized that he’d stood up.

 

His Lady cleared her throat. “Are ya suggesting that this person tried to grant you a mercy
kill,” she asked. “But that they were too inexperienced to land it properly?”

 

“Yes!” Subaru nodded. Then he paused. “Well,” he said. “Not exactly inexperienced, maybe
—”

 

[“Shamans specialize in such arts, as suits their devious natures.”]

 

“How would an assassin that young even make it into the Mathers Estate?” Crusch asked.
She sounded very confused. “And if it were for a mercy kill as you are suggesting — why
would they even be there in the first place?”

 

“Are nyew suggesting that they — knyew,” Ferris asked. “That nyew got bitten by the
Wolgarm…and then waited until it was too late to do anything about it — before sneaking
into the manyor to kill nyew themselves?”

 

“If that’s the case, then they may as well have been a regular assassin,” Tivey pointed out. He
sounded oddly calm, in comparison to most of the others. “In which case this whole scenario
seems incredibly inefficient.”

 

“That would match with the whole ‘inexperienced’ angle,” Hetaro mused. Tivey conceded on
that.

 



“Or they could have just missed!” Subaru argued. “Maybe I turned at the wrong time, or the
light got in their eyes, or it was too dark, or—”

 

“Subaru,” Ricardo said. He sounded unusually serious. “Not only were ya sitting completely,
absolutely still — but that curse had incapacitated ya to the extent that ya couldn’t even stand
up on yer own and had to lean against the wall for support. Even one of the novices within
the Iron Fang would be able to land a hit on ya in a position like that.“

 

[“Inflictors of curses, or shamans, hail from the nation of Gusteko to the north and
practice an offshoot of magic and spiritualism.”]

 

“But just for the sake of the argument,” Felt said. “Let’s say they WERE trying to give you a
mercy kill, and that they DID genuinely miss — their hand slipped, or something.” Her eyes
narrowed. “Why, exactly, would someone have been walking around the Mathers Estate with
a weapon like that to begin with?”

 

“I don’t know — maybe they just happened to have it?”

 

“Maybe they just happened to have it?” Rachins repeated dubiously.

 

“No, I mean—” Subaru winced, as if realizing how that sounded. “A lot of people carry
weapons in this world, right?” he asked. “Like — in the slums, Felt had a knife, right?”

 

“Yes,” Felt said, nodding. “I had a knife. I did not have…whatever the Hell THAT thing
was.”

 

“Is the difference really important?”

 

Mimi stared at Subaru, speechless. This was so out of character that Tivey and Hetaro found
themselves watching her with looks of slight worry.

 



Wilhelm took a deep breath. Exhaled. “Subaru-dono,” he asked. “What are you suggesting?”

 

“I’m just saying that — maybe this person’s intentions weren’t as bad as they might look,
from this angle!” he said, folding his arms. “I know it looks bad, but — for all we know, they
could have just been trying to help!”

 

“You’re suggesting that this person was — an ally?” Reinhard clarified. He wondered if
maybe Subaru had bumped his head too hard against the glass of his jar.

 

"I certainly don't know of any allies like that," Frederica muttered.

 

“Why would an ally sneak into the Estate with a weapon like that in the dead of night?”
Garfiel argued. He shook his head. “—Captain,” he said. “I trust yer judgement and all, but…
really?”

 

“Yes, really!“

 

“And oh-kay, let’s say you’re right!” Garfiel pressed on. “In that case — why the Hell would
they introduce themselves by attacking one of the residents out of nowhere like that in the
middle of the hallway?!”

 

Otto stayed silent, eyes darting back and forth as he watched the argument build and build.
Just what was going on, here…?

 

[“They are all worthless sorts unable to use their talents for anything better, I
suppose."]

 

Subaru took a deep breath. “Y-You know that I was cursed by the Wolgarm, right?” he asked.

 

Emilia’s lips tightened, but — she nodded. “Yes,” she whispered.



 

“Yeah, okay!” He clapped his hands together. “Well — most people wouldn’t have been able
to tell,” Subaru said. “Not from a glance, you know?”

 

“Oh…” Where was he going with this? “Oh-kay…?”

 

“Where are you going with this, Barusu?” Ram demanded.

 

["But how do you call someone who can kill someone else with a curse 'worthless'?"
Subaru wondered.]

 

“So, what — this person — what they would have seen?” Subaru continued, turning towards
Ram. “They would have seen me stumbling down the hallway in a sick daze, slowly dying of
no easily identifiable cause, clearly beyond help already — and heading right towards the
room of Lady Emilia, right?”

 

Emilia made a noise.

 

Ram grimaced at that image. “I…” she said, and then she shook her head. “Yes,” she agreed.
“That is what this person would have seen.”

 

“Right!” Subaru grinned. His eyes were wild. “And so — in that scenario, wouldn’t it have
been safest for everyone to kill me from a distance?“

 

Ram swallowed. “…Yes,” she agreed quietly. “That…may have been their only option.”

 

["Because that is all they can do,” Beatrice said simply, voice dripping with disgust.]

 

“But that doesn’t explain why they would have been in the manor in the first place,” Emilia
pointed out. “Never mind wandering through the Estate while carrying a weapon —



especially a weapon like THAT.”

 

“And for someone confident enough to carry a weapon like that…” Ram curled her lip. “It
sure doesn’t explain why they’d have the gall to MISS.”

 

“It was probably an accident, then!” Subaru insisted. “An— And it’s no use, getting angry at
someone over an accident, right? Especially not an accident that never even—”

 

“Subaru.”

 

[“Curses have no use except to inflict harm on others. That is why they are the pettiest
of all mana practitioners, I suppose.”]

 

“Subaru,” Beatrice repeated. Her voice was odd. “Do you…know, who it was that killed you
just then?”

 

Subaru opened his mouth. Closed it.

 

—Old Man Rom had a thought.

 

An enemy that nobody knew — or someone that nobody could remember? Someone who had
apparently only shown up once in Subaru’s memories, and never anywhere else — or
someone who only Subaru could recall? Someone who could have snuck into the Mathers
Estate in the dead of night with a weapon of that caliber — or someone who had already been
there, and who had every right to carry an instrument of self-defense as they patrolled the
hallways in the dark?

 

Someone who Subaru was currently…?

 

The old man’s eyes flitted to where a blue-haired girl sat in a pale nightgown, utterly
bewildered as she watched the commotion unfold.



 

—Rom shook his head. No, there was no way. In the first place, for the past year…

 

There was simply no way that could be the answer. He unceremoniously shoved it out of his
head and turned back to the meteor.

 

(In the back of the room, Rem dimly wondered if this was a common sort of thing, in the
world to which she had just opened her eyes.)

 

“…I don’t know why this is so important to you,” Emilia finally said.

 

Subaru jerked slightly, as he turned to look at her.

 

“If you can’t tell me right now, then that’s oh-kay,” Emilia said hurriedly. “But…” she tilted
her head. “You have to tell me what you’re asking for right now, Subaru.”

 

Subaru was quiet for a long moment. Everyone could practically hear his mind racing.

 

What could he be thinking…?

 

“Just…” Subaru paused to swallow. “Keep an open mind?” he finally asked. “When — you
learn…what happened. Can you do that, Emilia-tan?”

 

Emilia grimaced. Part of her wanted to agree wholeheartedly, make him a promise right on
the spot, but…

 

“I wanna die. I wanna die. I wanna die…”

 



Could Emilia keep a promise like that?

 

She took in a deep breath. Exhaled. “I promise to try my very best,” she smiled. “I’ll — We’ll
see what happens next. Oh-kay, Subaru?”

 

“…Okay, Emilia.” Subaru swallowed. He still looked uneasy. “That’s — We’ll see what
happens next.”

 

["So, curses can do things like what I said earlier?" Subaru clarified.]

 

["I believe they can,” Beatrice said. “But are there not simpler methods than a curse, I
wonder?"]

 

—Beatrice winced.

 

["Simpler?" Subaru prodded.]

 

[Beatrice’s onscreen self smiled coldly. “I believe you have experienced it already."]

 

Frederica's scowl deepened. Ram turned to Beatrice with her lips pressed together in a thin
line. That incident — wasn’t so funny, anymore, for a number of reasons.

 

But — Barusu had made it clear where he stood on that already, and so neither Frederica nor
Ram said anything at all. As one, they turned back to the meteor.

 

[“You mean…” Subaru’s eyes widened. “I could've died from that invasive mana-drain
thing?!”]

 



["Mana is the force of life itself, I suppose,” Beatrice declared. “Had I continued
draining you so strongly, I could have indeed weakened you until you died. It is a much
easier and more reliable method than relying on a shaman."]

 

["So that thing you used at our first...I mean, the first day!” Subaru squawked. “You
mean one slip and I was a goner?!"]

 

“…Subaru—” Beatrice tried to say.

 

“Nope! Nuh-uh!” Subaru made an X-shape with his arms. “If I’m not allowed to apologize
then you’re not allowed to either, Beako,” he scolded, sticking his tongue out. “Are you
really gonna break your own rules here? You’re better than that, aren’t you?”

 

["I held back because having your husk in here would be too much trouble, I suppose."]

 

["Don't say husk! That sounds like I'm a bug!"]

 

Subaru may have said that, but — it was hard for Beatrice to really agree with him.

 

Had she really treated him in such a manner…?

 

[Why do I feel such tranquility here when Beatrice thinks of me like THIS?!]

 

Beatrice found herself asking the same question.

 

["Don't tell me you were the one who killed me..." he groaned.]

 

Beatrice quietly sucked in a sharp breath.



 

She wanted to get angry— She wanted to deny it outright— She wanted to yell at him for
even suggesting such a—!

 

But hadn’t she as good as…?

 

["It would be more peaceful if I had killed you and we weren’t having this
conversation,” Beatrice answered flippantly, trying to reach for or a book.
“Unfortunately, I am quite busy, so I lack the time to bother to kill you, I suppose.”]

 

Felt snorted. “That’s probably the most reassuring answer she could’ve given him,” she
grinned.

 

Anastasia would have giggled alongside her, a few hours ago. Now, stroking her scarf in a
soothing pattern, she did not.

 

[“Is it this one?" Subaru asked.]

 

["…The one next to it. Give it to me already?"]

 

["Yeah, yeah."]

 

[She didn’t speak a word of thanks as he handed her the desired tome, simply going
back to her stool to read.]

 

“Even back then, your relationship was rather domestic, wasn’t it?” Emilia smiled shakily.

 

“Y-Yeah,” Beatrice agreed, exhaling slowly. “Yeah, I suppose it was…”

 



["What kind of book are you reading, anyway?" Subaru asked.]

 

["One that contains a method for driving an insect out of a room."]

 

Beatrice’s eyes widened, and she coughed into her fist. Subaru pouted in her direction.
Nearby, Garfiel had started to laugh.

 

“Ouch,” Wilhelm chuckled.

 

[“A bug in an archive, huh…” Subaru mused. “Sounds horrible. What kind?”]

 

[“It has large black eyes and a foul mouth. Also, it thinks rather highly of itself.”]

 

["That's pretty specific for an insect, there..." Subaru straightened up, looking around.
While I’m here, I’ll see if I can just drive it off for her straightaway…]

 

Such a biting insult — and Subaru hadn’t even noticed, eh? Wilhelm had to bite the inside of
his cheek to keep from breaking out into proper cackles.

 

“Natsuki-san…” Otto groaned. If possible, Garfiel started laughing even harder.

 

Ram sighed, shaking her head. “Barusu can never just take a hint, can he…?”

 

["Is there still something you want, I wonder?” Beatrice pressed, getting fed up. “If not,
could you please go?"]

 

["Ah, er...” Subaru shook his head. “Right, is that mana drain something anyone can
do?"]



 

["Should I feel slighted, I wonder... In this manor, only Bubby and I can perform such a
feat. Even Roswaal cannot."]

 

["Huh. I thought he said he could do it all…” So he was indulging in vanity? Subaru
concluded. That or mana drain is an unexpectedly rare skill…]

 

“At least you had the good sense to not say THAT out loud,” Julius said.

 

“I think it’s more like he just didn’t have the opportunity,” Anastasia pointed out. Julius
grimaced.

 

Subaru slowly shrank away from the glare on Ram’s face. Rem tilted her head, watching her
sister’s irate glare with a look of curiosity.

 

["Anyway, um, don't go sucking people dry too much, okay? Especially me — I'm
seriously short on blood right now, so i'd weaken and die pretty easily."]

 

["Ah, because the flesh was all restored but the blood was not?” Beatrice shrugged.
“Well, I had no obligation to go that far regardless."]

 

["Mm?” Subaru tilted his head. “The way you said that just now, it sounded like you
closed my wound. Don't tell me you're petty enough to take credit for Emilia's work?"]

 

“Useless, useless, useless contractor…! —No! No more apologies, in fact! Didn’t you just
say as much yourself, I wonder?!”

 

["That half-baked little girl lacks the power to heal a fatal wound,” Beatrice answered
coldly. “She and Bubby stopped the bleeding, but I healed the wound... What of it, I
wonder?"]

 



["Er, I'm seriously super conflicted here!"]

 

“Did you really find it that hard to accept that Emilia isn’t the one who healed you that night,
Natsuki-san?” Otto sighed.

 

“It can be difficult,” Wilhelm chuckled. “To revoke that sort of praise from the love of your
life. …Even if they never asked for it.”

 

Emilia shook her head. “You dummy,” she whispered.

 

["You’re a big filthy liar!” Subaru concluded. “Lot of gall you have there. Bottom-of-
the-barrel personality!"]

 

Beatrice squawked. Otto pinched the bridge of his nose, exhaling slowly.

 

“…You dummy,” Emilia repeated, a little louder this time. Subaru nodded, sighing as he
acquiesced to the criticism.

 

["And you have quite some gall to not politely accept the generosity of others!" Beatrice
retorted. With a wave of her hand, she sent Subaru flying back with magic until he
smacked into a wall, bouncing off and rolling head over heels along the floor.]

 

“Oof,” Hetaro winced. “That looks like it…”

 

“He definitely had it coming,” Tivey dismissed.

 

“He totally did,” Mimi giggled, using the opportunity to test out the phrasing that Subaru had
brought from beyond the Great Waterfall on her tongue.

 



“Deserved,” Julius said flatly. “That was entirely deserved and you know it.”

 

“Yeah,” Subaru sighed. “Yeah, I do.”

 

["Could you finally leave, I wonder?” Beatrice demanded. “Your hands aren't shaking
anymore, so it would seem you've put your fears behind you.”]

 

Frederica blinked.

 

“O-Oh,” Emilia said, her smile faltering. Beatrice pressed her lips together. She had noticed,
too — but she hadn’t wanted to say anything about it out loud.

 

“…Ah,” Julius winced. That— That kind of hurt, somehow.

 

“Oh, go ahead,” Subaru scowled, crossing his arms. “Go ahead, laugh it up!”

 

“I…don’t really think that’s all that funny, Subaru,” Ricardo answered tactfully.

 

Subaru didn’t seem to know how to respond to that. He blinked, shifting uncomfortably
where he sat in his jar.

 

["...So you noticed, huh?" his onscreen self said sheepishly.]

 

["You were trying to hide it, I suppose.” Beatrice shooed him away with her hand like
he was an annoying insect. “I'm offended you tried to play me like that."]

 

But — it was nice, Emilia thought, a smile returning to her face. It was nice, that he had been
able to go to Beatrice for comfort. Even if Beatrice hadn’t really understood why he needed
to be there with her.



 

But…it was good that Subaru had felt like he’d had somewhere he could go, right? Julius
thought. That was a good thing, that…

 

Ram sighed.

 

Frederica crossed her arms. She knew that this should make her feel a little better about that
girl, but...

 

[I’ve died five times, but dying doesn’t get easier, Subaru reflected. It actually gets scarier
and scarier, every time I experience it… Surely nobody can blame me for lacking in
courage, right?]

 

Rom stared at the screen in disbelief.

 

“Of course not!” Wilhelm snapped, visibly agitated. “I’d be more concerned if you didn’t—
Subaru-dono, there’s—!”

 

“Barusu really doesn’t understand a thing, does he?” Ram commented. She was a lot better
than Wilhelm at maintaining a calm facade.

 

…Rom sighed, shaking his head. Young men always had such ridiculous standards for
themselves, didn’t they?

 

“I wouldn’t trust a man who said they could brush something like this off,” Ricardo said
flatly. “Even for seasoned veterans, this is…”

 

Ferris swallowed. —He didn’t want to think about the horrors of this situation all that much,
if he could help it. Even if it sometimes felt like horrors were all that made it up.

 



["Guess there's no more time for excuses,” Subaru sighed. “Man, you're not nice at
all.”]

 

Beatrice grimaced. But…she has deserved that comment, really.

 

“—Not a word, Subaru,” she warned the boy next to her. “Not a word, in fact…”

 

[“Sorry,” he repeated, shaking his head. “But thanks. See ya next time."]

 

["I shall take more mana from you next time, so could you simply stay away, I
wonder?"]

 

“You know he won’t,” Otto sighed. “He never does.”

 

“You have no idea how accurate that statement was when it came to their early relationship,
merchant,” Ram said. “If anything, it was a great understatement.”

 

“It is how Beatrice became his contracted partner, in fact,” Beatrice admitted.

 

Garfiel’s grin appeared to be permanently plastered on his face. In a bit of an embarrassing
way, he really couldn’t wait to see what they meant by that.

 

["Wait, the insect from earlier,” Subaru realized, far too late. “Don't tell me you meant
me?!"]

 

["You want to leave not on your feet but through the air, I suppose?!"]

 

[And with that, Subaru was sent flying out of the Forbidden Library, landing face-down
in a flowerbed out in the gardens.]



 

Everyone in the theater burst out laughing.

 

“Ouhouhouch,” Ferris cackled. “Talk about a swift exit!”

 

“At least the flowerbed was there,” Julius sighed, shaking his head with a smile on his face.

 

[“If that flowerbed hadn’t been here,” Subaru groaned. “That would have been instant
death…”]

 

Julius flinched violently, his smile faltering as he paled at the thought.

 

“Obviously I threw you into the flower bed, in fact!” Beatrice retorted. “I wouldn’t have— I
mean, you know?!”

 

“I know, Beako, I know,” Subaru sighed. “I should have appreciated your generosity more…”

 

“It was still pretty mean,” Emilia said, pursing her lips.

 

[Emilia was staring down at him, an awkward smile on her face.]

 

["Er,” she said. “May I ask if you're all right?"]

 

“Oh!” Emilia smiled. “At least I was there to help you,” she said happily. “Did Beatrice do
that on purpose…?”

 

Rom cackled even louder. “Talk about adding insult to injury!” he exclaimed.



 

“How unlucky,” Anastasia giggled. “Embarrassing yerself in front of the girl ya like in such a
manner…”

 

“But he did keep going,” Wilhelm noted, smiling. “No matter how embarrassing things
became, Subaru-dono kept at it.”

 

“I don’t know how he did it,” Felt snickered. “That kind of drive is unheard of…!”

 

[“That kindness alone heals my wounds,” Subaru replied dreamily, a smitten expression
on his face as he swooned. “That much is no lie.”]

 

“That wasn’t the worst of it…” Subaru admitted.

 

Ferris blinked. “Eh?” he asked.

 

[Emilia grimaced. "I think Rem fertilized that flower bed with manure yesterday..."]

 

The laughter from within the theater abruptly reached a crescendo of howls.

 

“Oh, NOHO!” Ricardo cackled, nearly falling over backwards. “Nohoho, NOT in front of
—!”

 

“Covered in—!” Felt gasped, holding her chest. “Covered in—! Right in front of—!”

 

Frederica wheezed.

 

“Oh that is BRUHUTAL!” Garfiel exclaimed, nearly in tears. “Oh, Beatrice, why—!”



 

“Have you no sense of mercy?!” Otto cried.

 

["Whoaaaa, three-second rule—!” Subaru launched himself to his feet, desperately
trying to wipe off the filth he had been catapulted into. “It doesn't count!” he cried out.
“It doesn't count, right?! That was yesterday and all!"]

 

Rachins nearly fell over. Reinhard tried desperately not to follow suit. This wasn’t— He
shouldn’t be laughing at his friend in such a sorry state, even if it was—

 

“I’m afraid it does count,” Crusch winced in sympathy, even as she couldn’t help giggling.

 

“It definitely counts, Barusu,” Ram noted. “After all, it’s all over your face…”

 

Rem sighed. Gross.

 

“That poor man,” Tivey gasped. “If I were him, I think it’d just…!”

 

(Mimi and Hetaro both stopped laughing to turn and glare at their younger brother. Tivey
didn’t finish that sentence.)

 

["Well,” Emilia smiled. “Just think of it as: When bad luck is with you, good luck is not
far away."]

 

["And Emilia's already in Consolation Mode!" Subaru lamented, tears beading at the
corners of his eyes.]

 

“I think — this is his worst first impression yet,” Crusch wheezed. Then she faltered. “Well,”
she admitted. “Maybe aside from…”



 

“Wait — Satella!”

 

But, that one really hadn’t been his fault, even the slightest bit. So maybe it didn’t count,
anyway.

 

“I can’t believe he kept trying after all this…” Otto moaned, leaning his cheek against his
palm as he stared in amazement.

 

Wilhelm privately commended Subaru’s dogged determination. To keep chasing a woman
after THIS…!

 

["Puck,“ Emilia said, tapping the spirit crystal around her neck. “Wake up."]

 

[The crystal began to glow, and then — the Beast of the End had materialized in her
hands.]

 

["…Mm, good morning, Lia,” Puck yawned. “Ahh, Subaru's up already."]

 

But it sounded nice, Frederica thought fondly, to have a man who would keep chasing after
you even after something like this.

 

["Good morning, Puck,” Emilia replied. “Sorry to wake you all of a sudden, but could
you wash Subaru, please?"]

 

[Puck glanced at Subaru’s filthy figure, and nodded in assent. "Time for a bath, then,”
he agreed cheerfully. “—There!”]

 

“Oh no,” Reinhard giggled. Julius winced, quietly making an educated guess about what was
about to follow.



 

["Bath is putting it mildly,” Subaru groaned. “I— AUGH?!"]

 

[And he was suddenly blasted by an impromptu water cannon.]

 

Frederica shrieked.

 

“Were the two of you ganging up on him or something?!” Otto demanded, looking like he
was going to be sick again — this time from the sheer force of his mirth. “Beatrice, were you
and Puck— Did you PLAHAN this?!”

 

“I don’t think they could have planned it if they trihied…” Felt snickered, looking a little
faint.

 

“W-We didn’t— No!” Beatrice tried to say, her eyes wide. “And— And anyway, it wasn’t
like Bubby was really trying to—!”

 

["Whoops, I threw off his balance a little,” Puck giggled — but his attempted
adjustment in the other direction was enough to lift Subaru off of his feet, a whirlpool
forming to lift him high in the air and spin him round and round, screaming out
bubbles the entire time.]

 

“Bubby, how did you make it even worse?!”

 

[Finally the flow subsided, leaving a very dizzy Subaru standing on the cobblestone. He
wobbled back and forth a little before finally falling down on his back, staring up at the
sky with a look of shock on his face.]

 

“That boy is gonna lose every last bit of dignity he has left at this rate,” Anastasia giggled.
She felt a little sorry for him — or she would, if it wasn’t so funny to watch.

 



["See? You're all clean now!” Puck nodded proudly. “Isn't that nice?"]

 

[“Wh…When you play with me like that...” Subaru groaned, his eyes spinning. “My
heart goes...round and round…”]

 

Reinhard couldn’t help laughing at the image of Subaru all wobbly on the ground, completely
soaked and out of his mind with dizziness. He hoped that it didn’t make him a bad friend.

 

But Lady Felt was cackling hard enough that she had nearly fallen over, so he supposed that
he was probably all right.

 

["Man,“ Subaru complained, moving to stand back up on wobbly feet. “If you're that
rough, I'll start seriously thinking you're the culprits?"]

 

Emilia’s brow furrowed with slight hurt.

 

“It was a joke!” Subaru shouted frantically. “It was a joke, Emilia-tan, I’d never think—!”

 

["I'm not sure what I'm being suspected of, but I'm deeply, deeply hurt...” Puck
smirked.]

 

—Emilia shook her head, regaining her smile. “I know, Subaru,” she assured him. “I know
you’d never…”

 

“I’d never suspect you of something like that, Emilia-tan!” Subaru nodded emphatically.
“Never, never, never!”

 

[“—Nyaa?!"]

 



[Subaru had reached forward to flick Puck on the forehead.]

 

Julius stiffened. Subaru—!

 

[“Punch-backs!” Puck shouted, flying forward to punch Subaru on the cheek.]

 

Julius relaxed. He really did have to get used to this…

 

Puck liked Subaru. Puck wasn’t going to hurt Subaru. Even if Subaru was annoying,
sometimes.

 

[“Now you’ve done it…!” Subaru grinned threateningly, grabbing Puck with both
hands before raking his fingers up and down his belly. Puck started laughing. “You like
that? It’s my lethal move, ‘Make The Cat Cry Ha-Ha’!”]

 

[“Cuhut it out!” Puck cried, wriggling free. “Tail punch—! And I’ll finish you with my
paw pad grind—!”]

 

“How oddly domestic!” Ricardo chuckled. “A boy from beyond the Great Waterfall and the
Beast of the End, playing together in the garden…”

 

“It is so odd to think that the Beast of the End is ticklish,” Wilhelm commented, staring at the
screen in bemusement.

 

Ferris blinked, and then a sadistic, sadistic grin came over his face. “Is Subaru-kyun ticklish,
too?” he asked sweetly.

 

Subaru froze. “E— Eh?!” he managed.

 



“That looks promising!” Ferris wiggled his fingers threateningly, ears twitching as his smile
widened. “Maybe Ferri-chan should check, nyext he gets a chance…!”

 

Subaru had never been so glad to be stuck in a jar where nobody could reach him.

 

Before Ferris could continue tormenting him, however — a beautiful sound started echoing
across the room.

 

Ferris blinked. Subaru raised his head, looking as though he had been momentarily stunned.
Everyone else quieted for just a moment.

 

Just what was that…?

 

[Onscreen, Emilia had started laughing. Really, truly laughing, caught ins the sudden
throws of hysterics.]

 

Such laughter was contagious. Frederica covered her mouth with her hand, the corners of her
lips twitching.

 

[“I'm sohorry,” she giggled, face drawn from its normally neat and tidy expression into
a broad,stupid smile. “I cahan’t—! What are you two doing—?! Ah, my sides hurt—
I'm going to die—!”]

 

Subaru broke into a dreamy, dreamy smile. “EMT…!” he whispered.

 

Ferris — could kind of see what Subaru was talking about, when Lady Emilia looked like
this.

 

["Well, my initial bad impression's all gone!” Subaru declared victoriously, getting over
his shock. “Thanks for the assist, Dad!"]



 

["Who are you calling 'Dad'?!” Puck retorted theatrically. “You won't have my
daughter that easily!"]

 

[Emilia continued to laugh, loud and clear and beautiful.]

 

“You really are a beautiful woman, Lady Emilia,” Ram suddenly said.

 

Emilia startled. “E-Eh?!” she asked, eyes wide. “Where did—?”

 

“I just realized that I probably haven’t told you that very often,” Ram replied. “But…it is
true.”

 

Emilia had no idea what to say to that. “…Thank you, Ram,” she finally decided, face warm.
“That’s — a very sweet thing for you to say.”

 

“Ha.” Ram rolled her eyes, smiling slightly with amusement. “Ram wouldn’t say it if it
wasn’t the truth.”

 

Frederica smiled at the both of them, feeling very, very fond.

 

["I— I heard Ram and Rem were heading for the garden,“ Emilia giggled, wiping tears
from her eyes. “But they're a little late..."]

 

[“Huh.” Subaru blinked. “So when you say that they’re late, can I take that you’ve been
waiting around for my sake?”]

 

“Ah—!” Emilia’s face suddenly turned bright pink, in a way that thoroughly answered his
question. “Eh?!”



 

["Uh, isn't it the other way around?” Emilia corrected, trying to cover herself. “It's true
that I should thank you, and if I moved without thinking, we might miss each other and
I don't want that, but it's just coincidence that I stayed here with you."]

 

“Does that mean she would have sat out there waiting for Subaru in every loop…?” Crusch
wondered.

 

Wilhelm hid a smile. What a wonderful display of young love this was, from the both of
them.

 

["Right, it's just coincidence, Subaru,” Puck said, amused. “She makes me drag out my
grooming for one reason after another and speaks to the lesser spirits about the same
things over and over... She says it's all just coincidence."]

 

["Sheesh, Puck!" Emilia cried out.]

 

Julius tried to disguise his chuckling. It wasn’t working very well. He wasn’t the only one:
half of the theater had broken out into giggles.

 

Emilia buried her burning face in her hands.

 

(Beatrice wondered: had she sent Subaru out here on purpose, for more than one reason?)

 

["She should just be honest with herself,” Puck sighed. “That's a cute thing about Lia,
though…don't you think, Subaru?"]

 

["I totally do…” Subaru grinned.]

 

“Oh dear,” Emilia smiled, already knowing what was coming next.



 

[Subaru leapt to his feet, enthusiastically striking a pose. “Emilia-tan’s shining smile is
the brightest star in my sky!" he declared.]

 

Ferris was already teasing Subaru before he had even finished his sentence. Subaru’s red face
was buried him his arms.

 

“Both of ya are ridiculous.” Anastasia shook her head. “You definitely deserve one another,
definitely…”

 

Frederica laughed.

 

[“And now Subaru's teasing me...” Emilia sighed. “And what is that 'tan'?”]

 

["It's a sign of my affection. It's like how Puck calls you Lia...” Subaru said. “A way for
two people to show how close they are to each other."]

 

Reinhard blinked. “Come to think of it,” he said. “Did he ever explain that before?”

 

“Would he need—?” Felt cut herself off with a sigh. “Yeah,” she muttered. “He probably
would…”

 

Having never heard or used the suffix before, it wasn’t like Reinhard had understood its
meaning at first, himself. He didn’t admit this out loud.

 

["…Not that I remember being quite that close to you?" Emilia pointed out.”]

 

Emilia flinched, her amusement abruptly dissipating. With context, that—

 



["Wow, that statement kind of hurts, you know,” Subaru pouted. “I was kind of making
a down payment. I'm totally planning to have a relationship with Emilia-tan that goes
hand in hand with the pet names. Okay?"]

 

[Or at least — for her to forgive me for it a few nights in…!]

 

At least he had taken it in stride. Emilia shook her head, exasperated with herself. She’d need
to be more careful with her words, going forward…

 

“Forgive nyew for it a few nyights in?! Nyew nyaughty, nyaughty—!”

 

“Will you shut up?!”

 

“That really is some determination,” Ricardo marveled. “I’ll give him credit for that.”

 

["F-Fine,” Emilia stammered. Her face was pink. “I'll accept that.”]

 

“…Ah?” Ricardo grinned.

 

[“Hey, don't look at me like that!"]

 

["Er?” Subaru tilted his head, confused. “I thought I was getting brushed off? What's
that positive reaction? Explain this, Puck-san."]

 

Emilia re-buried her face in her hands, already knowing that whatever Puck was about to say
—

 

["My daughter doesn't have many friends,” Puck answered mischievously, twirling his
whiskers like a mustache. “so being called by an intimate nickname makes her happy.



Put simply, she's easy."]

 

["My leading lady's easy?!” Subaru exclaimed, suddenly looking very excited.]

 

Wilhelm coughed into his fist. Ricardo snorted loudly. Ferris broke into high-pitched, evil-
sounding cackles.

 

Felt sighed. “You just love making things harder for yourself, don’t you…?”

 

“Do I even need to say it, Barusu?” Ram asked.

 

Subaru had absolutely nothing to say for himself and he knew it.

 

["But we're still a long way apart...” Subaru sighed. “I need to learn a little more about
this whole nobility thing."]

 

“Do you, now?” Julius said mildly.

 

“Shut up, already!”

 

[“Ugh…” Emilia groaned. “Could you not mention something I really don't want to talk
about…?”]

 

Felt huffed. Crusch giggled. Anastasia sighed. All three of them understood the feeling well.

 

“They definitely deserve one another, those two,” Anastasia said, shaking her head.

 



["I just want to reach an agreement on E M P (Emilia-tan's Majorly Pretty).” Subaru
suddenly spotted the twins leaving the mansion. “Oh?"]

 

["Ram and Rem, huh...” she said aloud. “It's a bit too soon to be breakfast time,
though..."]

 

[Roswaal has returned now, then, Subaru concluded, moments before the twins opened
their mouths and confirmed it.]

 

Subtly enough that only the members of the Emilia Camp noticed, Subaru had begun to tense
up again.

 

“…Subaru?” Beatrice asked tentatively.

 

["Sister, Sister,” Rem said. “Since last we saw him, he has become a muddy drowned
rat."]

 

["Rem, Rem,” Ram replied. “Since last we saw him, our guest has become a stained,
filthy rag."]

 

[“I know I’m a rat, you don’t need to tell me…” Subaru sighed.]

 

Normally, Ram would make a sly comment about Barusu knowing his place. Right now, she
kept her mouth shut.

 

The look that he had on his face right now…

 

“—W-Well,” Subaru decided aloud. “I guess you’ll be able to see for yourselves.”

 



“See…” Beatrice frowned.

 

“See what?” Emilia asked.

 

“Just that—” Subaru turned to face them all. “I was a total idiot in this loop,” he declared,
quietly enough that only the Emilia Camp overheard him. “You’ll see what I mean.”

 

“…Eh?”

 

[Once again, Subaru joined everyone for breakfast — though he first made to tidy
himself up, this time, due to his shenanigans in the garden. And from there, things
continued mostly the same…]

 

[Until—]

 

["Whaaat is it that you seek from me?” Roswaal asked. “I cannot refuse your request, if
only to prevent this matter from becoming public knowledge. Nooow then, what is your
desire?"]

 

[“I only ask one thing…” Subaru declared. “Let me live here as a house guest for the
next four days — eating and sleeping all I want!”]

 

Frederica coughed into her fist.

 

Julius let out a long sigh, pinching the bridge of his nose. “Of all the ways to word that…”

 

Ferris starting laughing. “Wooow, Subaru-kyun!” he teased. “What a great first impression,
hm? Did nyew wannya lower their standards that much~?”

 



“Yep!” Subaru nodded. “Agreed! It was an absolutely awful thing to say in that situation.
One of the worst, most suspicious things I could have done. Absolute garbage move on my
part, definitely.”

 

Frederica stopped.

 

Julius paused.

 

Ferris blinked, starting slightly at the unexpected attitude shift. “E…Eh?” he asked, clearly
very taken aback.

 

When he had said that, Ferris had expected — yelling, whining, complaining, or maybe even
some insults thrown his way. He had expected bantering and teasing and some flustered,
embarrassed reactions. He had expected — what had happened most other times he had
aimed to poke at him through the glass.

 

Ferris hadn’t expected—

 

“Honestly, I don’t know what I was thinking,” Subaru added, making a show of shrugging his
shoulders. “It was such a stupid move on my part, you know? Making everyone think the
absolute worst of me from the very start — like, what else was I expecting?”

 

“I-I mean…” Ferris frowned, looking like he really, really didn’t know what to do. “It wasn’t
THAT bad, Subaru…” he tried to say, a little more seriously. “Nyew— I was just teasing,
nyew don’t have to—”

 

“Nope!” Subaru shook his head. “It was really bad!” he insisted. “One of the dumbest, most
suspicious things I could have asked for in that moment!”

 

“…I can think of some worse things ya could’ve said, Subaru,” Ricardo said lightly. “A lot of
them, actually.”



 

“Nope! No!” Subaru shook his head even more rapidly than before. “This one was —
definitely the worst, or at least up there! It was like — like planting myself as a spy, right in
their midst…!”

 

Ram frowned. “You’re far too conspicuous to be even a half-decent spy, Barusu,” she pointed
out.

 

“You wouldn’t know that right off the bat, Nee-sama,” Subaru insisted. “This was a terrible
move on my part. I understand it — and you should, too!”

 

The theater was silent for a long moment.

 

Crusch turned to look at the other former residents of the Mathers Estate. “Is there…some
extra context here?” she asked. “Is that sort of behavior particularly frowned upon by the
Margrave?”

 

[Ram — yawned. She looked as though this were the response she had expected from
the very start.]

 

“…I mean,” Ram said, also looking very, very confused. “It’s pathetic, but — a freeloader is
a very typical kind of pathetic. It’s not…” She shook her head. “To be honest, I had actually
fully expected him to ask for something like that, back then,” she revealed. “It wouldn’t have
come as a surprise at all.”

 

—Julius shook his head. “What exactly was your plan, here?” he asked Subaru. “Did you just
want to take a break from work for a little while?”

 

“My plan was to justify myself leaving the mansion temporarily without causing too much of
a stir,” Subaru explained, not even glancing at the half-bait that was that suggestion. “I didn’t
think I could tell anyone what was going on, so I — didn’t want to worry them. It was a
really bad idea of mine, from the very start. Definitely one of the dumbest things I could have
done, really…”



 

A feeling of complete and utter dread began to permeate the atmosphere of the theater, as
everyone arrived at the exact same question, all together.

 

…Just how badly was this loop about to go, for Subaru to be acting like this?

 

[After breakfast, Subaru started wandering the halls of the Manor, pondering to himself
what he could do next.]

 

“So — alright.” Crusch shook her head. “You decided to act as a guest instead of a
manservant this loop,” she clarified. “And you did that so you’d have more free time to plan
for the incident on the fourth night.”

 

“Yeah,” Subaru confirmed. “That’s exactly what I did. I wanted to use the days I had up to
that point to look for clues about what was coming and what to do about it.”

 

[The only thing I know for sure, he reflected. Is that someone is going to attack in the dead
of night on the fourth day…]

 

“I didn’t go to anyone for help, either,” Subaru sighed. “I never even told anyone that
anything was going to go wrong. The most I did was tell Puck to keep an eye on Emilia. It
really was stupid of me…”

 

“I— think it makes sense,” Emilia tried to say, smiling a little uneasily. “It was definitely
reeally silly on your end, but — you don’t need to feel bad, Subaru. I understand.”

 

“It’s not worth comforting me about,” Subaru denied, shaking his head. “I was an idiot, I
should’ve…”

 

He trailed off.

 



Emilia bit her lip, and then — she asked the question that she had been wanting to ask since
the very moment she’d realized what was going on.

 

“…Subaru,” she asked. “Why didn’t you ever tell me about any of this?”

 

[If I tell Roswaal and the others right now, they’d definitely ignore me: I can’t explain
anything about where I got the information, after all… Subaru mused. I could even get
myself suspected as one of the assassins…! If I just had a physical description, then
maybe…but as it is, asking for help is a no-go.]

 

“I…” Subaru faltered. Emilia saw him swallow. “I thought I could do it all on my own,” he
said. “I didn’t want — I was being an idiot. That’s all it was.”

 

Emilia narrowed her eyes. “That’s not everything, is it?” she pressed. “The way you’re
looking at me, right now… That’s only half of the truth, isn’t it?”

 

Subaru didn’t answer her.

 

“I…” Emilia swallowed. “I wish you had told me,” she confessed. “I wish you had — told
me what was going on.”

 

Subaru didn’t say anything in return. His eyes looked duller than they usually did.

 

Emilia tilted her head, but before she could press—

 

["That's why I've gotta spend this time gathering intel,” he said aloud. “If the Return
by Death conditions are the same as before..."]

 

Emilia blinked. “Same as before?” she echoed.

 



[Before, I died three times and succeeded on the fourth. If this is the same as before, then I
can return one more time… Subaru mused. So, I’ll use my third life getting the intel I
need for a breakthrough on my fourth.]

 

The atmosphere in the theater dimmed even further, everyone quieting as the implications of
that statement sunk in.

 

Ferris’s smile faltered. That sounded…

 

["To be honest,” he sighed. “I don't like picking a plan that's giving up from the
start..."]

 

[But my options are limited, here. I’ll probably have to resign himself to some sacrifices.]

 

Ferris went still.

 

…Was Subaru intending to—?

 

[—But I have no intention of throwing away my life, here, he insisted. It’s the difference
between resolving to redo everything and aiming from the start to overcome the challenge.
My goal isn’t to die: it’s to focus entirely on getting out of this loop…]

 

Ferris — relaxed. Just a little bit. The rest of the theater did, too.

 

Anastasia exhaled slowly. …Not a concern yet, then. Though — she would need to keep an
eye on it, still.

 

“…Nyew’d better nyot, Subaru,” Ferris muttered. “Nyew’d better not…”

 



[“That’s why I had to tell Puck under the table to keep Emilia safe,” Subaru said. "I
made things pretty vague, but he seems genuinely protective of Lia."]

 

[He gave my pushy suggestion a warm reception while we were playing in the garden, after
all… Subaru noted. So, Emilia‘s probably gonna be relatively safe.]

 

Emilia took a deep breath. Exhaled.

 

“…I really wish you had just talked to me, Subaru,” she murmured.

 

Subaru looked away. “…I do, too.”

 

So why didn’t you, then?

 

Emilia bit back that question this time, even if all she wanted to do was keep at it until
Subaru gave her a proper answer.

 

["After that, there's Roswaal and the loli... But after that, what? —Ah,” Subaru started,
snapping out of his thoughts to stare out the window. Rem was there, repairing the
flowerbed in which… “That’s where I fell, earlier…”]

 

“Useless Barusu,” Ram sighed. “Making more and more work for my poor, sweet sister. Just
what is the matter with you? Apologize.”

 

“Sorry, Nee-sama. …S-Sorry, Rem.”

 

Ram blinked.

 

…Was it just her, or had that second apology sounded somewhat odd?



 

[“Sorry for the trouble,” Subaru tried to say as he approached Rem in the garden.]

 

“But he’s a guest this time,” Frederica noted. “So…”

 

[“Of course,” Rem said, getting to her feet. She bowed politely. “If you’ll excuse me,
Dear Guest.”]

 

[“Wait—!”]

 

[And then she left.]

 

Ram winced.

 

That was the proper etiquette of a maid towards a guest, yes. They were supposed to work as
quietly and out of sight as possible, when it came to maintaining a manor around the presence
of a temporary visitor.

 

It had taken Crusch a little while to get used to that, herself. Of course, all of her staff were
HERS, and thus didn’t treat her like a mere guest — but the etiquette had still taken some
getting used to.

 

[Subaru stared after Rem. “I didn’t even get a chance to talk…”]

 

Though, Crusch reflected. It was probably a much harsher lesson to learn as one of those
guests. Harsher still, if you had once had a relationship with the other party.

 

(And harshest of all, if only you remembered any of it.)

 



[Next, Subaru went poking through the different rooms of the Estate. The dressing
rooms, the guest rooms, the dining rooms…]

 

“I went snooping around the Manor during those three days looking for clues,” Subaru
explained. “But I didn’t tell anyone what I was doing or why, so from their perspectives I was
just…”

 

"Oh," Frederica said, eyes widening just a little bit.

 

“Ah,” Julius said. “That IS suspicious.”

 

“Nobody ever thought to stop ya and ask what the Hell you were doing?” Ricardo asked.

 

“Nobody bothered — but I’m sure they noticed,” Subaru said. “They just. Watched, and
waited for me to just leave their house already so they wouldn’t have to deal with it
anymore.”

 

“What a rude freeloader you were,” Ram said, rolling her eyes.

 

“Yep, very rude. And suspicious, too!”

 

“I’m sure the people of the manor were kind enough to give you the benefit of the doubt—”
Wilhelm tried to reassure him.

 

“Nah, they’re not that dumb,” Subaru refuted. “Someone that suspicious? No way.”

 

“He’s got a point,” Tivey grimaced.

 

“Not THAT dumb, you say…?” Ram echoed, looking somewhat stern.



 

“Plus,” Subaru added, not even noticing her scathing glare. “I studied in my room in the
evenings — and part of that was your world’s language, but part of it was me taking notes in
hiragana that nobody else could read. I tried to hide them from Ram whenever she came to
check on me, but I’m pretty sure she…”

 

Anastasia sighed. “Yer right,” she muttered. “Ya really did go out of yer way to make yerself
a suspicious character, didn’t ya?”

 

[“I don’t see anything out of the ordinary…” Subaru mused, peering into one of the
dining rooms.]

 

[—Suddenly, there was the sound of a metal chain from behind him.]

 

Frederica gasped.

 

Otto shrieked.

 

“Crap!” Garfiel shouted, his eyes widening. “Is the intruder already?!”

 

“Oh no!” Mimi cried.

 

[Subaru startled violently, spinning around on the ball of his foot, mind racing as his
adrenaline suddenly screamed through his veins—!]

 

[“What do you not see?” Roswaal asked, smiling. For the noise had simply been from
the chain on his boot.]

 

The entire theater seemed to collapse with relief.



 

“Oh thank fuck,” Felt groaned. “It’s just the perverted clown.”

 

“Don’t call him that, Lady Felt…”

 

[“Ros-chi…” Subaru sighed, relaxing again. “Don’t scare me like that. It’s misleading.”]

 

“Seriously,” Rachins hissed. “What is his problem…?”

 

“I’m just glad it really WAS just one of Roswaal’s pranks this time,” Rom said wryly, doing
his best to calm his own racing heart. How many times had they wished for that one, already?

 

Ricardo chuckled. Subaru’s obvious relief upon seeing that it was just the Lord of the Estate
himself standing behind him as he went snooping around — that probably did a lot more than
he’d thought, to convince Roswaal that Subaru was just a particularly nosy houseguest.

 

[That night, there was a knock on Subaru’s door.]

 

Tivey frowned, already looking wary. “Who…?”

 

[“Come in!” Subaru replied.]

 

“Ah,” Wilhelm said. “Of course.”

 

It was common courtesy, for maids to bring their guests tea in the evening.

 

[“Here you go, Dear Guest,” Ram said, setting down a cup on his desk.]



 

[“Oh, thanks,” Subaru said. “Do you want to drink it with me?”]

 

[“No thank you, Dear Guest.”]

 

Wilhelm winced. Subaru hadn’t been expecting this sort of treatment at all, had he…?

 

[“Hey,” Subaru said, smiling nervously as Ram moved to leave. “You can be a little
friendlier to me, if you want…”]

 

—Would she say yes?

 

Part of Frederica hoped that she would say yes, because she knew that Subaru didn’t have
much time left. Part of Frederica hoped that she wouldn’t say yes, also because she knew that
Subaru didn’t have that much time left, and she knew that Ram would be all the more hurt if
she had gotten to know him before he inevitably — passed on, again. Less than a week, either
way, and that wasn’t a lot…

 

[Ram glanced back at him, and then quietly shut the door.]

 

Ram grimaced. She wasn’t satisfied by that decision.

 

[“…Well, it’s my first day,” Subaru sighed. “I guess that’s to be expected.”]

 

“And a guest, too,” Julius sighed. “A guest is a different thing than a coworker, especially
among maids…”

 

“Subaru didn’t have maids where he came from, right?” Ricardo pondered aloud. “So…it
makes sense that he didn’t expect this sort of treatment.”



 

“Kinda wish he’d known enough to expect it,” Rom sighed. “Otherwise, it’s…”

 

Well, it was sad — but it wasn’t anyone’s fault, really.

 

[“Yo!” Subaru said, greeting Beatrice once again on the second day.]

 

[“You come barging in here every day without knocking,” she said flatly. “You truly
have no manners whatsoever. It would be in your best interests to leave before you get
blown away, I suppose.”]

 

“You went to visit Beatrice?” Emilia asked. “Did that happen a lot, this… this time around?”

 

“I went to bother her whenever I wanted to take a break,” Subaru confirmed. “Though, uh…”
The corner of his mouth quirked up. “She didn’t tend to appreciate it.”

 

Frederica wasn't as amused by that image as she may have been before this entire
demonstration had begun.

 

[Beatrice shouted, finally becoming fed up. “Someone not worth saving should just go
away, I suppose!”]

 

[And with that, Beatrice blew Subaru away once again. —And once again, he landed in
that same flower bed that Rem had just re-manured.]

 

A number of chuckles echoed through the room. It was still too tense for much more than
that.

 

“And that happened every time?” Garfiel grinned.



 

“Yep,” Subaru sighed.

 

[And to add insult to injury—]

 

[“Um…” Emilia said, awkwardly smiling down at him. “Once again, are you alright?”]

 

The chuckles turned into snickers and giggles, this time. That was a marked improvement.

 

“And that…?” Garfiel pressed.

 

Subaru sank down against the glass wall of the jar. “…Yep,” he muttered.

 

["My keywords are magic and chain...but that doesn't tell me anything yet,” Subaru
concluded, studying in his room once again on that second night. "My concentration
just ain't cutting it. What to do... Huh?"]

 

["Pardon me, Dear Guest,” Ram greeted, having come through the door carrying a tray
with two cups of tea.]

 

“That time again, I see,” Wilhelm noted.

 

“Yeah,” Subaru sighed wistfully. He still remembered this night. The rest of this loop was —
one thing — but…he still thought fondly of this night, even today.

 

["Oh my, Dear Guest,“ Ram blinked. “You really are studying."]

 

“Studying…?” Julius prodded.



 

Frederica understood already. That understanding made her eyes feel a little too hot for
comfort.

 

“W-Well…” Subaru chewed his lip. “I did promise Ram I’d study, right?” he finally
answered. “So…I did.”

 

Emilia felt something odd settle in her chest.

 

[“That’s super rude, you know,” Subaru frowned. “You know I am kind of an actual
guest at the moment…?”]

 

[“Dear Guest,” Ram returned, calm and composed. “You are the manner of houseguest
known as a freeloader.”]

 

Wilhelm blinked. Then he started to smile. “Oh…?”

 

“Is Ram changing her attitude a little bit?” Ferris grinned.

 

[A houseguest and freeloader… Subaru thought bitterly. Those terms fit all too well.]

 

“I would’ve thought you’d like to be a guest,” Julius said.

 

“Not Subaru,” Otto sighed. “If he’s not busy with something, he gets restless. You know he
went right back to doing servant work when his knighthood didn’t give him enough to
do…?”

 

Julius chuckled. “Did he, now?”

 



“I think that’s sweet,” Reinhard smiled.

 

["Here you go, Dear Guest."]

 

["Oh, thanks.” Subaru gratefully accepted the cup of tea from Ram. “Hot-hot-hot...
Mm. Really does taste awful."]

 

Julius pinched the bridge of his nose. “Subaru…” he groaned.

 

“Oh, would you be quiet?!”

 

["This manor serves tea using leaves of the highest quality,” Ram said. “And these are
the finest tea leaves in the manor. So that is quite a statement."]

 

["If it tastes bad, it tastes bad,” Subaru returned. “I just can't think of it as anything
but black tea. Tastes like…plant."]

 

“All tea tastes like plant,” Mimi frowned.

 

Anastasia, Julius, and both of her brothers winced. Hard. —But, there was no helping that,
they supposed.

 

“Mimi likes plant taste, though,” Mimi added, still furrowing her brow. “Dunno what he’s
complaining about.”

 

There was also that, at least.

 

["I don't have words for the guts you have,” Subaru marveled, watching Ram sit down
on his bed and stretch her legs with a nonchalant attitude. “Slacking off in front of a



guest."]

 

["I believe you were the one who said to be more friendly with you, Dear Guest?” Ram
returned. “I am doing this only to respond to your request. You should be thanking
me.”]

 

["This is, like, even pushier than you were before, though?"]

 

—Ram smiled. It was nice, that she and Barusu’s relationship had been this amicable in every
loop.

 

Well. There were only so many ways for her to treat a Barusu, after all.

 

["And, Dear Guest leaving in two days,” Ram said. “Have you made any progress?"]

 

Julius blinked. “You made a considerable amount, really,” he said admirably. “You managed
to read that far into the book, in just a few…?”

 

“Is that an insult?!”

 

["Are you always this bad,“ Ram asked. “Or is your foolish head unable to
concentrate?"]

 

It really wasn’t: learning that much of an entirely new language in such a short amount of
time was a feat to be proud of. Julius sighed.

 

—It wasn’t like the Ram onscreen was in a position to understand what she was looking at,
right now.

 



["Got some nerve saying that to a literary enthusiast like me,” Subaru scowled. “Aren't
you inspired from watching me give this desk my all back there?"]

 

Ram was a little impressed, with the context she had now. She didn’t say this out loud,
instead merely folding her arms with a huff.

 

Ricardo remembered watching young Ana-bo learn to read. Unfortunately for Subaru, it was
difficult to be impressed with him after witnessing her. He didn’t say this out loud, because
he knew that it was unfair.

 

(Anastasia Hoshin could have learned twice this much in half the time, but most people in
this world were not Anastasia Hoshin.)

 

["An uncouth statement to match such sloppy writing,” Ram said, peering over to
browse through his journal. “I am aghast you call yourself a literary enthusiast, Dear
Guest."]

 

["This is the first time I've seen a maid talk to her guests like you do,” Subaru muttered
resentfully.]

 

“I’m pretty sure you’re the only guest she’d talk like this to,” Garfiel grinned. “Consider it an
honor.”

 

“It is indeed how the considerate Ram shows her affection to the likes of masochistic
Barusus,” Ram confirmed, stony-faced. “Garf is right: you should consider it an honor
befitting your status.”

 

“Yes, Nee-sama…”

 

Rem watched them banter, and yet again tried to figure out how she felt about their
relationship.



 

[The difference between me and the twins is far greater now than it was when I was being
treated like a servant, Subaru thought. And yet in spite of that, Ram is…]

 

["If you do not stop staring at me like that, I shall slap you, Dear Guest."]

 

[“Hey, the only one making the inside of my head go pink is Emilia.”]

 

“I’m always amazed by how readily you can admit that,” Otto commented.

 

“If he wasn’t this blatant about his feelings, poor Big Bro wouldn’t stand a chance,” Felt
sighed.

 

Otto conceded the point with a shrug.

 

Emilia pouted at the both of them, crossing her arms over her chest. “Shush,” she murmured.
Her cheeks were pink for — a couple of different reasons, really.

 

["It contains only common stories you should be ashamed not to know,” Ram said,
looking at the picture book he had just now finished learning to read. “You need to
master basic I-script before calling yourself a 'literary enthusiast.'"]

 

["Does calling myself that tick you off that much?"]

 

“Subaru-kyun IS a literary enthusiast, though, isn’t he—?”

 

“Can it!”

 



“An illiterate literary enthusiast,” Julius said with quiet amusement. “…Though, I am still
interested in the books he DID read, back in his homeland.”

 

It was a shame, really, that Subaru didn’t appear to have brought any of them with him.

 

(One literary enthusiast to another — Julius thought that it would have been nice to bond
with him in such a way.)

 

[Ram polished off her own cup of tea, and then reached for Subaru’s.]

 

["Wait, you're gonna drink all the tea you brought here?!"]

 

“If you are not going to appreciate such a fine drink, Barusu, then you may as well allow
someone who will appreciate it to have it instead.”

 

["You do not need it if you are making a face like that when you drink it,” Ram’s
onscreen self agreed. “At least it shall be enjoyed by someone with a properly
functioning tongue."]

 

“Yes, Nee-sama…” Subaru sighed.

 

["I told you, I just can't get that plant taste out of my... Oh, never mind” Subaru gave
up. “I'm gonna focus on this book, so you can kill time or head off, whatever you
want."]

 

“You really are studying,” Julius marveled.

 

“I feel like we just heard this exchange a little earlier, didn’t we?!”

 



[My favorite fairy tale is "The Red Oni Who Cried,” Subaru thought. But my most hated
fairy tale is also “The Red Oni Who Cried.”]

 

["It's, like, a happy ending and a bitter ending slamming into you at once,” he sighed.
“Why can't it all be happily ever after?"]

 

Ricardo smiled grimly. Wasn’t that the dream, eh?

 

Anastasia blinked. “The Red Oni Who Cried…?” she repeated to herself.

 

["Sorry to intrude on your deep thoughts,” Ram asked. “But are you finished
reading?"]

 

["I'm finished reading,” Subaru confirmed. “The things that went against common
sense were fun, so it was more interesting than I expected. Guess that's another world's
culture for you. Maybe I should bring in fairy tales from my own homeland, too, like
'The Red Oni Who Cried'?"]

 

Anastasia sucked in a breath. Could he…?

 

[Would I have to worry about copyright, in a situation like this…?]

 

That could be a business scheme of its own, right? And, even if it wasn’t profitable…

 

Julius was trying to pretend that he wasn’t interested. He was failing miserably. Anastasia
watched him with amusement.

 

[“'The Red Oni Who Cried'..?"]

 



[Ram’s face had suddenly changed, somehow.]

 

Garfiel sucked in a breath. “Captain still doesn’t know…!”

 

[Huh, Subaru thought. It’s rare to get a rise out of her like this.]

 

Otto dearly hoped that Subaru successfully managed not to insult the twins based on their oni
status this time around, too.

 

["It's the title of a fairy tale from where I come from,” Subaru said. “How about I tell it
to you?"]

 

Anastasia leaned forward, her eyes widening. Were they about to hear—?!

 

“A fairytale from beyond the Great Waterfall?” Julius repeated, sounding very interested.

 

“Mimi wants to hear that! Mimi wants to hear!”

 

“Onee-chan — but,” Tivey admitted. “I really can’t say I disagree…”

 

Hetaro nodded.

 

“Nerds,” Felt grinned.

 

“I’d like to hear it,” Reinhard admitted.

 

“Nerds, the lot of you.”



 

Wilhelm chuckled.

 

Crusch tilted her head. She’d be lying, if she said that she, too, wasn’t curious.

 

—Ram frowned. …She didn’t think she’d ever heard this fairytale before.

 

[“All right.” Subaru clapped his hands together, a smile on his face. “Your attention,
please…”]

 

The theater went quiet, everyone looking at the meteor as though Subaru had spoken directly
to them, instead of just to Ram.

 

Onscreen, Ram sat and listened intently. Offscreen, Ram was doing much the same.

 

Next to her, Rem couldn’t help but copy her older sister, who seemed so intent on hearing
what would come next.

 

["Once upon a time, there lived a Red Oni…” Subaru picked up a silver spoon in one
hand. “…and a Blue Oni.” A quill, in the other. “The two were very good friends.”]

 

“Oh,” Emilia whispered, a smile crossing her face. “That’s very nice.”

 

Beatrice rolled her eyes — but, she smiled, too.

 

[“The Red Oni wanted to be friends with the people of the village,” Subaru continued.
“But the people were too scared to get close to him.”]

 



Reinhard swallowed. Emilia wilted, her smile slipping off her face.

 

That…

 

Well. They both understood that situation well, didn’t they?

 

Frederica folded her arms across her chest. She felt — a little bit self conscious.

 

[“The Blue Oni couldn't bear to watch — so he devised a plan to help his friend."]

 

Crusch smiled weakly. “That’s awfully nice of him,” she said. “I believe anyone would be
fortunate, to have a friend who cares enough to help them like that.”

 

Felt frowned. “The Blue Oni was the one who came up with the plan to get the Red Oni what
he wanted…?”

 

—Rom thought he noticed a figure lingering outside the window. His eyes widened. Is
that…?

 

If Rem was spying on Subaru through his window like this, then she must have been
incredibly suspicious of him.

 

….And, hadn’t present-day Subaru been making a great big deal about how—?

 

Rom shook his head. That couldn’t be true. It just couldn’t be…

 

["’I'll make a ruckus in the village,’” Subaru declared in the voice of the blue oni,
hefting up the quill. “‘So you come and stop me. Then…the villagers will be sure to
trust you.’”]



 

“That’s…” Garfiel frowned. “That seems like an odd plan, doesn’t it?”

 

“What else would you have them do?” Otto returned quietly. “It must have been a desperate
sort of situation, for them to…”

 

Anastasia grimaced. She believed that she already knew where this was going.

 

Because if one of them made themselves into an enemy so that the other could look like a
friend — well. Then that friendship would end up being somewhat conditional, wouldn’t it?

 

["The plan worked and the Red Oni befriended the humans.”]

 

“Ha!” Mimi laughed. “What a bunch of idiots.”

 

“Onee-chan…” Hetaro shushed.

 

“But,” she declared, a smile on her face. She wasn’t listening to her brother. Hetaro sighed.
“It’s what the Red Oni wanted, so even if they are stupid…”

 

[Subaru frowned. “But as time began passing by, something began to worry him. His
friend, the Blue Oni, no longer came to visit him."]

 

Mimi’s smile faltered. Anastasia pressed her lips together.

 

Tivey exhaled slowly. He had figured it out, too.

 



["One day,” Subaru sighed. “…The Red Oni went to the Blue Oni’s house. The door
was tightly shut, and a letter was affixed to it. The letter said…”]

 

Rom sucked in a breath. Oh, no.

 

[“‘Red Oni, please have fun with your human friends. If I continue to hang around you,
they might think you're a bad oni, too.”]

 

“Ah…” Julius exhaled. He — hadn’t considered that as a possible necessity. Though, now
that he heard it out loud, it made perfect sense.

 

[“So I've decided to go on a journey, but I will never forget you.”]

 

Wilhelm’s eyes softened. “What a selfless thing to do,” he murmured.

 

“What a selfish thing to do,” Rachins muttered, eyes hard as flint. “He didn’t even bother
saying anything to the Red Oni, first…?”

 

[“Goodbye. Please take care of yourself. Your friend forever… Blue Oni.’”]

 

Ricardo grimaced. “That’s an awfully brave thing for the Blue Oni to do,” he admitted.

 

“He wanted to help, but he had to sacrifice himself to do it?” Ferris scowled, something
unpleasant curdling in his guts. “That’s pathetic.”

 

["The Red Oni read the letter in silence over and over again,” Subaru said. “Tears fell
as he began to cry. …The end."]

 

For a long moment, the theater was silent.



 

“…What a terrible story,” Mimi finally muttered.

 

“I dunno,” Julius said. He sounded odd. “I thought it was oddly…”

 

["...A rather sad tale,” Ram sighed.]

 

["I suppose so,” Subaru agreed. “But I think it's a happy story, too."]

 

“…Well,” Julius corrected. “I’m not sure I’d say it was a happy one. But — it was beautiful,
in a sad sort of way.”

 

“I don’t think it was beautiful at all,” Felt scowled. “Everyone in it was just…”

 

["I think the cast of characters was full of idiots,” Ram muttered. “The Red Oni, the
Blue Oni, and the villagers, too."]

 

["Well, that's being a tough critic.” Subaru leaned back in his chair, staring up at the
ceiling. “Not that you'll get any argument from me…"]

 

Frederica didn't know if she loved or hated the story. It was a bitter story, but it made all sorts
of feelings well up inside of her, all the same.

 

[All three sides lack introspection, he thought. The villagers are pure suckers, and the oni
could have found proper common ground if they’d just talked to one another properly…]

 

“Suckers is putting it mildly,” Rachins retorted. “This whole situation was all their fault, in
the first place. Why did the Red Oni even want to join with people like that?”

 



Reinhard frowned. “I don’t think I can blame him for that,” he said. “It wasn’t the Red Oni’s
fault, that he had been born an oni…but I don’t think the villagers were wrong, to be
frightened of him all the same.”

 

“Regardless of whether he was right to want it or not, the Red Oni wanted it, didn’t he?”
Ricardo pointed out. “But — for him to go and wait for someone else to put in the work for
him…”

 

“But he at least opened his mouth and said that it was what he wanted, right?” Mimi
objected. “He didn’t do anything wrong, just saying that he wanted something.”

 

“It wasn’t like he’s asked the Blue Oni to do that,” Tivey said. “The Blue Oni just went and
decided it all on his own, without even asking the Red Oni if that was a sacrifice he’d find
acceptable.”

 

“But the Blue Oni just wanted his friend to be happy,” Julius murmured. “I don’t think he
was in the wrong, for wanting that.”

 

["That's why I love this story and hate this story,” Subaru said. “The Blue Oni’s self-
sacrifice was super cool, but he was an idiot beyond saving, too. I like to think I can save
myself through putting in the effort…”]

 

“I’d have to agree,” Rem said quietly. Everyone blinked: over the course of the
demonstration so far, Rem had largely kept to herself. “Sacrificing yourself for the sake of
someone else like that…did the Blue Oni not even consider what that would do to his
friend?”

 

So sucked into the fairytale was she, Rem didn’t even realize that this meant she had just
openly agreed with the foul-smelling boy about something.

 

“I dunno,” Otto replied, an odd look on his face. “I think the Blue Oni had the right idea.“

 



["So you think that about the Blue Oni…” Ram looked away. “I think it is the Red Oni
who is beyond saving."]

 

“Wha…?” Ferris frowned. “How would the Red Oni, who was able to keep everything
important to himself — how could he be the foolish one here?”

 

“I don’t know how anyone but the Red One could possibly be the foolish one, here,” Felt
muttered.

 

["He wrapped the Blue Oni in his own desires, losing nothing when the Blue Oni lost
everything,” Ram said simply. “I think that is a rather horrible result."]

 

“I have to agree with that,” Anastasia said grimly. “Though, it’s not the Red Oni’s fault alone:
the Blue Oni was also hopeless, stealing away the Red Oni’s choice just so he could feel like
he did something. …Everyone in this story is just hopeless. How awful.”

 

Were all fairytales from beyond the Great Waterfall like this? Anastasia hoped not.

 

“I’d say that’s rather uncharitable to both the Red and the Blue Oni,” Wilhelm replied. “The
Red Oni wanted something dearly, and the Blue Oni loved him enough to make it happen no
matter what it cost him. I think that it’s a very lovely story, really.”

 

“I think the Red Oni lost more than the Blue Oni did, really — and thanks to the Blue Oni’s
attempts to help him, no less.” Crusch scowled. “What a bitter story.”

 

["What do you think the two Oni should've done, then?" Subaru asked.]

 

Frederica thought about it. Who was in the wrong? What should have been done?

 

She didn't know. She was just a maid, after all: these sorts of questions were beyond her.



 

["…If the Red Oni truly wanted to be friends with the humans, he should have gone to
live in the village, even if it meant cutting off his horn. He should have done that long
before the Blue Oni couldn’t bear to watch anymore."]

 

["Man, that's a pretty extreme position, there!"]

 

Ram reached up to touch the spot where her horn had been cut off, a long, long time ago.

 

—That sort of sentiment would have been absolutely venomous, coming from herself.

 

["Making the Blue Oni pay for something he wants is unforgivable,” Ram declared. “If
the Red Oni wants it, the Red Oni should pay the price. The Blue Oni robbing him of
that chance is a problem, too."]

 

Felt couldn’t say that she disagreed with that assessment. She folded her arms, listening
silently with a scowl on her face.

 

…Felt wasn’t sure if she liked this story or not.

 

“Makes for a good cautionary tale, maybe,” Rom grunted.

 

Felt nodded, uncertain about whether that was all it was good for or not.

 

“What the Hell’s the lesson supposed to be, then?” Rachins muttered.

 

["That's a really strict view of it,” Subaru marveled. “Do you have something against
Oni…?"]

 



Ram pressed her lips into a thin line. —Perhaps she would have said something different,
about a different race. But when it came to Oni, she really couldn’t cut them any slack.

 

["—Dear Guest, which of the two oni would you rather befriend?"]

 

Ram started, the question taking even her off guard. “Hm?”

 

[Subaru blinked. "…Which of the two?" he repeated.]

 

“Ah?” Emilia asked. “That’s…”

 

“It’s an interesting question,” Crusch admitted. “If those are your choices…”

 

["On the one hand,” Ram said, stretching out one finger. “The Red Oni who asks and
asks and leaves others to pay the consequences. Or…” She held out the other. “The Blue
Oni, the idiot drowning in his own martyrdom. Which?"]

 

["Geez, you make both of those choices feel bad... So what, I'm a villager who just
arrived here?"]

 

[It’s rare for the villager’s point of view to come up in a discussion about this story…]

 

Felt snorted, crossing her arms. “It’s not even a question,” she declared. “Who’d wanna hang
out with the Red Oni, who does nothing for himself and just waits and wants for things to
happen all on their own?”

 

Crusch frowned. “I don’t know,” she admitted. “I think…I’d prefer the Red Oni. I don’t — It
would worry me too much, to hang around someone who’s always looking to sacrifice
themselves for my sake, regardless of what I might think about it.”

 



“I can’t say I’d like being around either of them,” Anastasia muttered, in a very sour mood.
“A nestling who can only ever rely on the charity of others — or a fool who makes sacrifices
on the behalf of others without getting anything out of it? They’re both hopeless
personalities. I’d rather chase the both of them away.”

 

“At least the Red Oni opens his mouth and cries out for what he wants,” Mimi argued.
“Mimi’s a chivalrous hero, but she only saves those who want to be saved.”

 

“What’s that saying?” Tivey agreed. “‘Closed mouths don’t get fed’? I think I’ve heard it
around, recently…”

 

Hetaro thought that he’d go with whichever his siblings wanted to befriend, really.

 

“I dunno,” Ricardo frowned. “Speaking up is one thing, but having the strength to do
something about it is another. I’d much rather help out the latter than the former. So…I’m
gonna have to go with the Blue Oni, here.”

 

“Is neither an option?” Rachins scowled. “They both sound like they’d be a pain to be
around. Either they’re always moping, or they’re going behind your back to make decisions
about you without you being able to even weigh in on it.”

 

“I dunno,” Rom muttered. “This is the sort of drama I think I’d like to stay out of. I’m too old
for that sort of thing.”

 

“I don’t — dislike the Red Oni,” Reinhard murmured thoughtfully. “But…I feel like I’d
relate more to the Blue Oni, myself.”

 

Wilhelm blinked, a little surprised. “…I feel the same way,” he admitted.

 

Reinhard’s eyes widened, and he blinked owlishly back at his grandfather.

 



(Where Wilhelm thought of his wife and felt great pride in his taking away her sword,
Reinhard thought of his sword and felt something more akin to a great emptiness. Neither of
the two men realized this crucial difference.)

 

“The Blue Oni is pathetic,” Ferris muttered. He didn’t like this story very much. “He wanted
to help the Red Oni — and he couldn’t do anything without destroying a part of himself in
the process? I don’t want to get to know someone that…”

 

(Ferris’ feminine clothing suddenly felt much, much itchier than it normally did. He didn’t
look at Lady Crusch.)

 

“I…would have wanted to help the Red Oni,” Julius mused. “The Blue Oni only wanted to
help the Red Oni, right? So by helping the Red Oni…”

 

“The Red Oni,” Beatrice decided softly. “Someone crying out for help like that…I’d want to
lend a hand, if I could.”

 

Had the Red Oni from the story also been crying out for 400 years, she wondered?

 

“I relate more to the Blue Oni,” Otto thought aloud. “But…I think I’d want to help the Red
Oni, exactly because the Blue Oni and I would be so alike.”

 

“I’d rather befriend the Blue Oni,” Garfiel muttered. “At least the Blue Oni’s got some fight
in him, still. I can’t stand being around folks who’ve completely given up.”

 

"I'd want to help the one who gave up, I think," Frederica murmured. "That way, both the
Red and Blue Oni would be happy."

 

She felt like she only had the barest understanding of their situation, staring inwards from the
outside like the outsider that she was. Frederica was a maid, after all: she was no knight, no
hero, and not the sort of person who wanted to be entrusted with a situation like this.



 

“I dunno…” Emilia frowned. “It’s not either of their faults, really,” she said. “It’s the fault of
the villagers for putting them in that situation. Neither of them can help being oni, you
know…?”

 

“Ya can’t choose the cards yer dealt in life,” Anastasia said grimly. “Refusing the question
because ya don’t like the situation and complaining about how hard life is without doing
anything else at all will just result in everything going the worst way possible for ya, Lady
Emilia.”

 

Emilia rounded on her, eyes wide. “That’s not—!”

 

“Ram agrees with her old self,” Ram declared. “It’s more shameful to rely so heavily on the
help of others than it is to give that help so freely. The Blue Oni wasn’t right either, but the
Red Oni was just despicable. …Rem?”

 

“—Ah?” Rem started. “I-I…” she stammered. “I’m not really…”

 

She thought about it. Who would she rather…

 

“…I think I’d prefer the Red Oni, actually,” she decided. “That sort of self-sacrifice that just
makes everyone sad in the end…what a ridiculous way to live your life. The Red Oni is more
in the right than the Blue Oni, at the very least.”

 

And Subaru—

 

[“…What an uninteresting reply,” Ram said, watching as Subaru did nothing but
hesitate.]

 

["Don't say that!” Subaru retorted. “Since I've read 'The Red Oni Who Cried,' I
sympathize with the two of them, so…” He reached out and gently grasped both of her



hands in his. “I want to help out both, okay?"]

 

Discussion paused.

 

…Somehow, nobody in the theater had considered that as a possible answer.

 

["So you're the type who understands neither his position both that of others,” Ram
noted with a sigh. “When distance grows, your type gets left behind by both.”]

 

—Emilia winced. She remembered a time when exactly that had… And arguably for that
very reason, too.

 

Julius felt similarly. He didn’t like this: unlike Emilia, Julius didn’t have the right to wince at
such a thought.

 

["Distance, huh,” Subaru mused. “Why not just tell people how you feel while they're
still close? The Red Oni’s not a bad guy for wanting to get along, and the Blue Oni's not
a bad guy for wanting to help him, either. I'm the type who likes oni, not the type to just
drive 'em off the island at the drop of a hat."]

 

Ram’s eyes softened.

 

“I don’t know how he sometimes says the perfect thing, at the perfect moment,” Otto
muttered. “And then he turns around and…”

 

“That’s Captain’s charm, ain’t it?” Garfiel grinned. “He’s either completely off or right on the
mark, and you’re never able to guess which it’s gonna be!”

 

“Should I be offended by that?!”

 



[Ram sighed at the grinning Subaru and looked at her own two hands as he grasped her
raised fingers. As she brushed him off, Subaru shrugged and sat back in his seat,
readjusting himself to face Ram again.]

 

["You know, Ram,” he teased. “You seem to like 'The Red Oni Who Cried’ quite a bit.”]

 

…She did. It was a bitter story, but — Ram thought that it was beautiful, in an odd sort of
way.

 

["Dear Guest, you will someday regret fickle, indecisive, adulterous thoughts such as
wanting to be friends with both."]

 

["I don't remember that being what we were talking about here?!” Subaru retorted. “I
thought we were talking about oni?"]

 

The theater broke out into chuckles. They all sounded somewhat sad, but — it was still a kind
of laughter, all the same.

 

Emilia mentally placed the story aside. She wasn’t sure if she liked it or not, herself — but
she could decide how she felt about it later, she was sure.

 

["Setting aside the tales from our Dear Guest's homeland...” Ram said, changing the
subject. “What did you think of the stories of this land?"]

 

["Let's see... I suppose the one that stood out was the dragon one in the middle of the
book and the witch one at the end.” Subaru frowned. “No matter how I slice it, those
two are different somehow."]

 

“Well, of course they’d be different,” Julius pointed out. “They’re different stories.”

 

“That’s not what I meant.”



 

["The witch story was like…“ Subaru frowned. “It felt they had to put it in but they
went halfway. It completely ignored story structure…like a bunch of highlights."]

 

["That cannot be helped,” Ram said. “We are in Lugunica. Of course the dragon story
gets special treatment."]

 

[“Right. ‘Dragonfriend Kingdom of Lugunica,' right? Now I get why it's called that…"]

 

Ferris grimaced.

 

Before her— Before, it had been Lady Crusch’s dream to redefine the Kingdom of Lugunica
by severing that pact, following the Divine Dragon’s utter failure to keep up its end of the
covenant. And now…

 

Crusch may have still had that as a goal, in a vague sort of sense. But did she even
understand why they had wanted that, anymore?

 

["Hey, the family that made the promise with the Divine Dragon…” Subaru frowned.
“Didn't it just die out?"]

 

["It did, and suddenly at that."]

 

["Isn't that, like, bad? Er, not that I'd know what bad means here."]

 

Ferris knew he shouldn’t, but — he turned to look at Lady Crusch.

 

There wasn’t a single glimmer of recognition on her face at all. Not one bit.

 



Ferris turned back to the meteor, saying nothing. Inwardly, he cried out a horrible, horrible
apology, to the one who was no longer here to hear it.

 

["No one knows what the Divine Dragon seeks, so it was not put in the picture book.
Only gods know what the Divine Dragon will do in this situation..." Ram paused.
"Rather, Dear Guest — only the Divine Dragon knows."]

 

Ram pressed her lips together grimly. “The Reincarnation of the Oni God” she had been
called, ever since she was a little girl.

 

And she, certainly, didn’t know what the Divine Dragon sought.

 

[Negotiating with that dragon is the responsibility of the ruler of the kingdom, Subaru
remembered. In other words…]

 

[“That has to be a mountain of pressure on Emilia, then…”]

 

Frederica grimaced. She couldn't even imagine.

 

["Yes. The Divine Dragon can protect the kingdom or destroy it on a whim…” Ram
paused. “Thus, the kingdom and its destiny rest upon Emilia’s shoulders. Just thinking
about it makes it seem like a story from that picture book.”]

 

Crusch swallowed, having opened her eyes to that role of hers a year ago, alongside
everything else in this world. Felt pressed her lips together, mentally gearing herself up for
the task once again.

 

Anastasia didn’t flinch. That was true — but they had all known that, when they had accepted
their roles as Royal Candidates. Shouldering that destiny was simply part of the duty that
they had accepted.

 



[So that’s why there’d been a conflicted look on Emilia's face when she saw the picture
book… Subaru reflected. The sheer weight of all of that responsibility on those delicate
shoulders…ouch.]

 

Lady Emilia’s shoulders can’t be too delicate, Anastasia thought wryly. Not if she’s a Royal
Candidate.

 

Emilia grimaced. It — hadn’t been the story of the Divine Dragon, that she had been staring
at. She was sure of that much.

 

["It cannot be helped."]

 

[Subaru blinked. “—Ah?”]

 

["Everyone was born with a role to play and the responsibility to live up to it,” Ram
declared. “This is what Lady Emilia was born to do. It is a path she must walk, no
matter how treacherous it may be."]

 

“That — is simply our role as Royal Candidates,” Crusch agreed hesitantly. “Even if it’s
hard…”

 

“No use cussing out our lots in life,” Felt snorted. “If there’s work to be done, then ya get
down and do it. Sitting back and griping won’t ever do anyone any good.”

 

…Emilia didn’t think that Ram had been talking about the dragon story, either.

 

[Subaru suddenly felt a strange sense of anger well up inside of him. “One girl's
supposed to shoulder the whole burden like that?" he demanded.]

 

["I believe it is best if others can carry it with her,” Ram said. “However, sooner or
later, Lady Emila must be seen to climb that summit herself."]



 

Ram was right about both of those things, Anastasia reflected. The truth of the latter part of
that statement was self-evident, but…

 

It had taken her many years to properly acknowledge it. But as she was now…Anastasia had
to acknowledge the value of the people who stood by her sides, helping her climb her way to
the part of the summit where she would eventually have to walk alone.

 

[I can vent to Ram all I want, Subaru thought, slumping his shoulders. But it’s not like
she’s responsible for Emilia’s burden. She’s holding back to not fuel my anger further —
but I have no right to be angry at her in the first place. He grimaced. That kind of, really
burns…]

 

My sister is too kind, Rem sighed inwardly. Though — it wasn’t like she could blame that
boy, for getting angry about…

 

She shook her head. What was she doing, thinking of him in such a manner? Rem already
knew that he was doomed, didn’t she? What was she DOING?

 

[“Oh, right.” Subaru changed the subject, wanting to do something other than
apologize. “Ram, about that other story…”]

 

Emilia winced.

 

["I do not wish to speak of it.”]

 

“A reasonable response,” Beatrice said grimly. “Especially since…”

 

She didn’t know if Ram knew that Subaru smelled of the Witch of Envy, at this point in time.
But if she did — it would probably have sounded quite unpleasant, to speak of such things
with someone around whom the miasma hung so strongly.



 

[Ram stood up, tray and cups in hand. "I have been here too long,” she said. “I do not
wish to cause Rem too much trouble. Dear Guest, I shall call you again for
dinnertime."]

 

[Subaru looked somewhat taken aback by her sudden desire to leave. “R-Right…"]

 

“Bringing up the Witch of Envy isn’t a smart move, Subaru,” Julius warned. “Most people in
Lugunica…”

 

["About the Oni story from earlier..." Ram suddenly said.]

 

Everyone in the theater blinked.

 

["Mm, right,” Subaru said. “‘The Red Oni Who Cried.' What of it?"]

 

["Don't tell Rem that story,” Ram ordered, her voice firm. “She would probably find it
distasteful."]



Rom grimaced. It was a little late for that.

 

Rem blinked. Would she find it…?

 

I think it’s a rather beautiful story, actually, she thought hesitantly. She didn’t say this out
loud.

 

Had Ram been wrong? Or — was that something that differed, between who Rem had been
and who Rem was now?

 



[Surely no one would have that kind of reaction over a simple fairy tale… But Ram looks
so serious . As such, Subaru only nodded meekly in response.]

 

[Ram left, and Subaru flopped onto his bed, exhausted. “What the heck's up with all
that...?" he muttered.]

 

Ram wished that she could remember. She was pretty sure that it had been important,
whatever it had been.

 

["A scary witch, a frightening witch, it is terrifying to just speak her name,” Subaru
recited. “That was why everyone called her 'The Witch of Envy'—"]

 

[There was no story structure, just contents conveying the raw terror of the witch, he
marveled. It‘s just straight-up eerie, especially as a children’s book…]

 

["And after all the trouble of studying to read this thing..." Subaru sighed.]

 

“The most terrifying story of our world,” Anastasia giggled. “And all he can think of it is that
it’s a total waste of his time.”

 

Emilia tried not to show how happy that reality made her. She wasn’t doing a very good job
at it. Felt grinned over at her from across the room, shaking her head.

 

[I’ll have to keep preparing, over the next two mornings, Subaru thought. But for now, I
really should try to sleep…]

 

[And then, before they knew it, those next two mornings had come and gone.]

 

Frederica could already feel the loss staining the insides of her chest.

 



["Err, my time here's been brief, but thanks for taking care of me.”]

 

“He didn’t bond with them quite as much as he did the first three times,” Julius noted
wistfully. “…But I think it was still a rather lovely time, wasn’t it?”

 

Ram didn’t say anything, but her heart felt heavy. It was true: there was not quite so much to
miss, this time around…

 

But she wished that she had remembered that story about the Red and Blue Oni, even if it had
been a foolish, foolish story.

 

Rem watched her sister’s stony face with a slightly worried look. She didn’t say anything.

 

“Well, now all that’s been said and done,” Otto sighed. He knew he wouldn’t like —
whatever was going to happen next, but he could enjoy the good things that he had while they
lasted.

 

“Now it’s time to put yer plan into action!” Garfiel declared. “Right, Captain? …Captain?”

 

Emilia’s smile faltered.

 

—Subaru had begun to a relax, for a little while. But now his earlier oddness seemed to have
returned full force, stiffening his form and freezing him in place like a petrified statue.

 

Beatrice felt her stomach turn uncomfortably at the sight. “S-Subaru…?”

 

["I'll be fine,” Subaru was telling Emilia. “I'm just gonna take it easy. When I become a
strong, wise, and rich man suitable for you, I’ll come back riding on a white horse!”]

 



["You have your handkerchief? And drinking water, lagmite ore, and, and... Can you
sell all by yourself?!”]

 

["She's totally acting like she's my mom?!"]

 

Ferris cackled. “Subaru-kyun just can’t catch a break, can he~?” He paused, and then turned
to the jar, where Subaru was being oddly quiet. “…Subaru-kyu—”

 

“All of you know that I’ve got the Witch’s Scent on me, right?” Subaru suddenly said.

 

[Just how much does this girl long for the company of others…? Subaru wondered. Or —
maybe she’s acting on instinct, voicing that I’m desperately shoving down inside of
myself…]

 

“Hah?!” Felt startled.

 

“Eh?!” Emilia exclaimed, surprised for a very different reason.

 

Beatrice squawked loudly, turning to look at Subaru with a panicked expression on her face.
“Subaru?!”

 

“Natsuki-san?!” Otto cried out, eyes widening in horror. “Why are you telling our political
opponents something like—?!”

 

“Nyes,” Ferris confirmed. Otto whirled on him. The healer looked shockingly unsurprised.
“What?” Ferris frowned. “I was his doctor. Nyew think I wouldn’t be able to tell?”

 

“Ferris mentioned it,” Wilhelm said uncomfortably. “I didn’t want to remind you of any bad
memories by bringing it up.”

 



Crusch tilted her head. She didn’t know what the Witch’s Scent was, but she figured that now
was not the right time to ask about it.

 

["Weeell then, be in good health, Subaru. It has beeeen a short time, but it was quite
enjoyable.” Roswaal winked. “Do not be concerned about my parting gift. Consider it a
smaaall reward for the memories you created these last three days."]

 

“…I’ve been aware of it, yes,” Anastasia said slowly. “Didn’t think it was my place to ask ya
about it.”

 

Mimi turned to her, eyes wide. “I didn’t—!”

 

“Onee-chan…” Tivey frowned.

 

“…Do you really think Subaru’s a witch cultist?” Hetaro asked.

 

Mimi paused. Then she sat back down in Anastasia’s lap. “No way,” she decided. “That’d be
ridiculous.”

 

“My little sprouts noticed it when we first met,” Julius said, frowning. “…I feared that asking
you about it would be in poor taste.”

 

“I’ve fought beside ya,” Ricardo said, crossing his arms. “I didn’t know about THIS, but…I
won’t doubt ya, Subaru. You’ve got my word.”

 

["I get it,” Subaru grinned, hefting the knapsack over his shoulder slightly. “You’re
paying me to keep my mouth shut. I won't say anything. I swear on the dragon."]

 

“I could also sense it on you when we first met,” Reinhard confirmed.

 



Felt turned to him with a look of wide-eyed confusion on her face. “You never said—?!”

 

Reinhard smiled awkwardly. “I didn’t think Subaru’s personal business was anything to
gossip about,” he said. “My apologies, Lady Felt…”

 

Felt stared at him for a long moment before exhaling and waving it off. “Yeah, yeah,” she
sighed. “Yer right: I already know Big Bro’s trustworthy. There are all sorts of reasons
someone could be…”

 

Rachins wasn’t nearly as ready to brush this off — but even he knew that the idea of Natsuki
Subaru being a secret witch cultist was ludicrous, so he didn’t argue the point either.

 

Rom stayed silent. He just wanted to know where this was going.

 

“E-Excuse me,” Rem asked. “But…what is this ‘Witch’s Scent’?”

 

["Talking to you seems to make any wicked scheme lose its purpose,” Roswaal
commented wryly. “In any case, it will keep others from approaching you as part of
some wicked scheme of their own. Besides, in this nation, to swear upon the dragon is to
make the highest of oaths. It is not that I doubt you, but strive not to fooorget that."]

 

“It’s a sort of — corrupted mana,” Ram answered. “Also known as miasma. It tends to hang
around dangerous individuals, and is incredibly off-putting to those who can sense it.”

 

—Rem suddenly had a thought. “Can I…?” she asked.

 

“Oni horns take in mana, so they can sense miasma,” Ram confirmed. “I no longer have my
horn, but it would make sense if you, who still has yours, could detect that foulness.” She
smirked. “Perhaps that is what is making the useless Barusu appear so incredibly,
misleadingly dangerous to you, despite being as easy to kick aside as a dirty street mongrel.”

 



Huh. Frederica nodded slowly, filing that information away in the back of her mind.

 

(Rom watched this conversation silently. He didn’t like how many pieces were starting to
fit…)

 

["You two were a huge help,” Subaru was saying to the twins. “Especially Rem with
those really delicious meals. Ram... Mm, well, she cleans toilets really well?"]

 

Ram scowled at the insult. Normally she would have said something, but—

 

But now wasn’t the time for it.

 

["Nee-sama, Nee-sama, the Dear Guest's flattery is despairingly awkward.”]

 

["Rem, Rem, the Dear Guest's flattery is a complete disaster."]

 

["Well, excuse me, I really couldn't think of anything else!” Subaru smiled. “…But,
thanks."]

 

“Well— That might be true,” Rachins said, trying to get over the shock as quickly as he
could. “But all of us trust you, yeah?”

 

A chorus of “Yes,” “Yep,” and “Of course we do!” answered his question.

 

“Anyone who distrusts you over this will have to answer to me, Subaru-dono,” Wilhelm
added firmly.

 

“I wouldn’t ever think such horrible things about you,” Reinhard agreed. “And neither would
anyone in the Felt Camp, I’m sure.”



 

“You’ve more than proved yerself, kid,” Ricardo said firmly. “Ya don’t have to worry about
any of that, not around any of us. Ya have my word.”

 

(Unnoticed by everyone else, Otto nearly collapses with relief. Stupid Natsuki-san, he cursed
inwardly. Stupid, stupid Natsuki-san…!)

 

["Subaru, thanks for everything,” Emilia said warmly. “If anything happens, come
back anytime, alright?"]

 

[Emilia-tan’s words are gentle until the bitter end…]

 

“Great, great, thanks.” Subaru waved off the words of reassurance with an oddly intense look
on his face. “Anyway — the Witch’s Scent is incredibly disconcerting, right? And it would
make anyone who has it seem incredibly suspicious? Especially if they showed up at your
Estate demanding free shelter and proceeded to snoop around your stuff for four days?”

 

“I-I mean—” Ricardo said, looking very confused. “Subaru, ya don’t have to worry about us
—”

 

“Thank you, thank you, that’s not what I’m asking right now,” Subaru brushed off. “Would
that be suspicious, yes or no?”

 

“Well— Yes,” Julius confirmed. “If someone that conspicuous came around, I would
definitely be keeping a close eye on them.”

 

“Especially if they started asking about curses and deaths and that sort of thing, right?”

 

“Ah—”

 



[And Beatrice had not come to join them, so Subaru pushed open the front doors to
leave before he got cold feet.]

 

Beatrice quietly bit her lip. She wished that she had…

 

Though, perhaps it was for the best that she had avoided getting attached.

 

“That would raise all sorts of questions,” Anastasia agreed. “Either ya’d be in danger, or ya’d
be planning to put the rest of us in danger — and whichever it was, it’d be almost guaranteed
to bring trouble. I’d want ya gone as soon as possible.”

 

“Boss Lady!” Mimi objected, eyes going wide.

 

“It wouldn’t be fair to give Natsuki-kun a dishonest answer if he’s asking so frankly,”
Anastasia told Mimi. “If he’s asking a blunt question, he deserves a blunt answer.”

 

Mimi frowned, but relented.

 

“Great, great!” Subaru looked — oddly relieved, to hear that. “And — what if they SAID
they were leaving, but instead you found them hours later watching the Estate from a clifftop
nearby?”

 

Julius stared at him for a long, long moment. “…Subaru,” he finally said. “What did you
do?”

 

[I’d said I’d go to Irlam Village and then head to the nearest highway to hire a passing
carriage and head to the Capital, Subaru reflected. But…]

 

“Something really, insanely, absolutely suspicious,” Subaru answered, looking Julius right in
the eye. “The sort of thing that would probably get be pegged as Enemy Number One.”



 

[Emilia kept waving until she and Subaru could no longer see each other, and then
Subaru kept walking for a little while longer.]

 

[And then, when he was absolutely sure that nobody was watching him, Subaru ducked
off the path and into the woods.]

 

Julius sighed. Of course he did.

 

“With all the wild animals surrounding the manor…” Ram grimaced. “Did Barusu go and get
himself eaten before the assassin could lay their grimy hands on him instead?”

 

With how Subaru had been acting, Anastasia feared that this would go even worse than that.
Though — she still wasn’t sure what on Earth it was that she should be preparing herself for,
right now.

 

["Okay,” Subaru said. “I'll do it here."]

 

“Oh-kay,” Anastasia sighed, trying out the new word from beyond the Great Waterfall just to
amuse herself before returning her focus to the conversation at hand. “So,” she said. “Ya
showed up at the Mathers Estate completely unannounced after saving Lady Emilia from an
unknown assassin, immediately started sneaking around the moment ya woke up and
harassed the local spirit until ya got knocked out again, woke up screaming bloody murder,
started asking questions about curse magic unprompted, demanded to be give free room and
board for the next four days so that ya could snoop around the Estate for no apparent reason
while taking strange notes in yer room, lied about leaving at the time ya said ya would so that
ya could watch the Estate in secret from a nearby cliff — all the while emitting miasma and
also being borderline obsessed with the person who looks EXACTLY like the Witch of
Envy.”

 

Emilia flinched violently.

 



“Well—” Subaru winced, glancing at Emilia’s hurt expression. “I— I guess so, yeah— and
anyway!” he quickly pivoted. “That’s all, like, SUPER suspicious, isn’t it?”

 

“It really is,” Felt muttered. Wilhelm grimaced, but even he couldn’t defend that one.

 

Ricardo gave a long sigh. “What on Earth were ya thinking, kid?” he said wearily.

 

“And that’s not the end of it,” Subaru declared. “I also stole a knife from the kitchen before I
left.”

 

Julius choked. “You WHAT?!”

 

["It has an especially good view of Emilia's room,” Subaru noted, settling down at the
edge of a cliff overlooking the manor. “I'll see anything weird happening right away. —
In other words, tonight. All that's left is…to wait for something to happen.”]

 

"Subaru—!" Frederica exclaimed, shocked and outraged and frightened all at once.

 

“Why would ya do that?!” Ricardo demanded, looking incredibly agitated. “Stealing from yer
hosts—!”

 

“And stealing a WEAPON at that,” Wilhelm snapped, looking rather upset now. “How on
Earth did you think that was a good idea?!”

 

“Exactly, exactly!” Subaru nodded excitedly. Wilhelm stared at him, aghast. “You’re getting
it! Isn’t all of that just awful of me?”

 

“Yep,” Rachins agreed. “That’s just…”

 



“I don’t know if you can get more suspicious than that,” Tivey muttered.

 

Ferris just shook his head, looking faintly astounded by what he was hearing.

 

“So, Ram!” Subaru declared, looking as though he were on the final stretch of some bizarre
racetrack that nobody else could see. “With all that said — wouldn’t you have been
suspicious enough to act, in a situation like this?”

 

“Yes,“ Ram confirmed flatly. “If I had seen you spying on Lady Emilia from the cliff with a
knife you had stolen from our kitchen after saying that you were leaving for the Capital —
and after acting so suspiciously for the past week, no less — I would have apprehended you
immediately.”

 

Subaru nodded enthusiastically. “I know, right?!”

 

“I wouldn’t have hesitated to use force, if necessary — though,” Ram snorted, shrugging her
shoulders. “I sincerely doubt it would have been, considering the difference in strength
between the two of us,” she declared. “Then I would have dragged you back to Lord Roswaal
and Lady Emilia by the scruff of your neck like the dog you are so that you could explain
yourself in great detail in front of the entire Camp, with either the Great Spirit Puck or the
Great Spirit Beatrice as a witness to make sure you weren’t lying to us again — OR hiding
anything else, because at this point, I also would have been concerned about whether you
were working with a larger group as threat to the Estate. For all I knew, the incident with the
Bowel Hunter in the Capital could have even been a setup. And if it came down to it, I would
have served as your executioner on Lord Roswaal’s orders, too. You are correct, it was an
utterly ridiculous…”

 

She faltered. Subaru was beginning to look genuinely, genuinely panicked.

 

“Barusu,” Ram asked. Her tone was suddenly void of annoyance. “What on Earth is going on
with you?”

 

[I left at eight this morning, Subaru reflected. I’ve got about sixteen hours to kill before
midnight strikes, then…]



 

“I-I mean,” Subaru stammered. “Wouldn’t it have made more sense to get rid of me quietly,
in that case, Nee-sama?”

 

Ram recoiled at the suggestion. “What the Hell are you asking me?!” she snapped. “No, you
idiot! Even if it wasn’t…!”

 

She took a deep breath. Exhaled. “Even if I didn’t know who you were,” she said, her voice
forcibly even. “And even if you were that insanely suspicious — I wouldn’t have gone
behind Lord Roswaal’s back to kill someone he had demonstrated such great interest in. It
would be a violation of my role as his maid. And, in the case that his trust truly was
misplaced, we would need to question you properly so that we could assess the extent of the
threat that you posed.” Her eyes narrowed, a greatly offended anger just barely hidden by her
tempered coolness. “As Lady Emilia’s retainer — I would hope that you’d understand all of
this, Barusu.”

 

[This way, I can figure things out ahead of time and rush back immediately. Subaru
nodded. So, instead of being one more victim, I’ll have the element of surprise…!]

 

“I-I mean—!” Subaru suddenly whirled on Felt.

 

“Eh?!” Felt squawked, eyes darting back and forth. “What are ya looking at me for?!”

 

“You agree with me, right?” Subaru asked, sounding increasingly desperate. “If someone that
suspicious showed up — it’d be totally within your rights to kill them immediately, right?
That’d definitely be the best move, right?!”

 

“What the fuck?!” Felt recoiled. “No?!” she snapped. “I mean — yeah, I probably would
have killed you eventually if you were really a threat—”

 

Reinhard winced painfully. “L-Lady Felt…” he pleaded.

 



“It’s a hypothetical, dumbass,” Felt retorted. “I’m not actually gonna kill your— Well,
anyway.” She shook her head. “Yes,” she declared. “If it came down to it, I would gladly kill
someone who was threatening my Camp. But that’s not the kind of move ya can take back, so
I’d wanna be extra, extra sure that there was nothing else to do.“

 

“I-I consider murder an absolute last resort,” Reinhard said shakily. “Even if it wasn’t — you
— I wouldn’t want to kill you unless it were absolutely necessary. And…I don’t think it
would be. I believe that I would be able to restrain you without bringing you harm, and then
interrogate you back with the rest of the Felt Camp.”

 

Rachins gritted his teeth and shook his head from side to side, unable to speak a word. “If
you don’t wanna get hurt,” his own voice echoed in his head. “Cough up everything you’ve
got!”

 

(Perhaps he would have given some other answer, to some other person, on some other day.
But right now — he couldn’t even imagine doing such a thing.)

 

“I’m not above murder, not even close,” Rom said gravely. “And I wouldn’t have been gentle
with ya, I’ll tell you that much. If you gave me too much trouble, I’d be a vile enemy of
yours. …But you’d have to give me trouble, first. If you spilled and fessed up what the Hell
you were thinking without me needing to do anything — well. There’d be no need to do
anything, then, now would there?”

 

“Besides,“ Felt added darkly. “If you were working with someone else and I killed ya ahead
of time, I’d risk losing valuable intel. I’m not stupid, Subaru: that would be a terrible move.”

 

["This time, my goal is to identify the attacker and nail down the details of the attack...”
Subaru grimaced. “Even if it kills me."]

 

“W-Well— Anastasia!” The Merchant Princess startled slightly. Why did Subaru’s eyes look
so…? “You’re the reasonable sort, right?” he pleaded. “You’d agree that—”

 

“I’d have to agree with Lady Felt on that one,” Anastasia replied firmly. “I’m not above
doing away with threats to my Camp, but ya can’t be premature about choices like that. If ya



wanna weed a garden, ya have to pull them out by their roots. We’d have to make sure ya
were acting alone — or if not, that we’d know who yer accomplices were. Killing ya ahead of
time would be opening ourselves up to all sorts of trouble.”

 

“Especially ‘cause you’re so weak!” Mimi chimed in. “It’d be no trouble at all for Mimi to
catch you and tie you up so you can’t fight or run away. That’s be the easiest hostage
situation she’d ever have participated in!”

 

“Plus,” Hetaro added. “In this hypothetical, you would’ve saved our Lady like, four days
ago? And nearly died in the process, too. So — we’d have reason to believe that this might,
just might, be a misunderstanding.”

 

“That too,” Tivey agreed. He was smirking slightly, a little amused. “Somehow, your horrible
luck from that first day would’ve bought yourself just enough leeway with us to get us to
pause and get the full story out of you before we did anything we’d regret.”

 

“Yer biggest worry woulda been the theft of that knife,” Ricardo warned him. “Back in
Kararagi, theft like that wasn’t something taken lightly, not at all. And pickpocketing on the
street might be one thing, if yer the lenient sort — but stealing from a home in which ya had
been a guest…? It woulda been an awful insult, like spitting right in our faces. You’d have
needed a real good reason for that one.” He tilted his head. “—But, in this case, ya actually
DID have what ya thought was a good reason, even if it might’ve sounded stupid to anyone
else. And since ya planned to come back and return it, you were more…borrowing without
permission, than ya were stealing to line yer own pockets. …So, I might‘ve gone easy on ya,
once I figured that one out.”

 

“Subaru, I do hope you know that I’m not a brute,” Julius pleaded, looking rather hurt. First
the questioning about mercy kills, and now…? “I know we have — history — but I’m not the
kind of person who would enjoy getting violent if it’s not necessary. And…I know it
wouldn’t be necessary, not in this situation. Not with you.”

 

["Putting aside if countermeasures will work...seems like Roswaal has his guard up
anyway..." Subaru nodded. "To be honest, at first I thought it was nuts to have just two
maids taking care of a huge mansion like that, but..."]

 



“You would have saved my life less than a week ago, Subaru,” Crusch pointed out. Subaru
spun to face her, next, but she had already started to speak. “At great personal risk, no less —
and for practically nothing at all. You’d be suspicious, but I’d want to get the full story out of
you before doing anything.”

 

“That is not the kind of contribution a person would forget in a hurry, Subaru-dono,” Wilhelm
agreed. “Saving my Lady’s life — it would only be in the most dire of circumstances, that I
would raise my blade against you after something like that. I’d have to apprehend you, and
interrogate you about your intentions and motivations. But I would be grateful enough to give
you the chance to explain yourself. Any decent retainer would do much the same.”

 

“I wouldn’t go against Lady Crusch’s orders,” Ferris said darkly. He seemed offended at the
very thought. “Nyew don’t seem to get this — which makes a lot more sense nyow that we
knyow nyer nyot from here — but in Lugunyica, servants and retainers follow the word of
their liege lords, ALWAYS. Ferri-chan wouldn’t go against Lady Crusch’s desires, if it
seemed like she wanted to keep nyew alive.” He tilted his head. “…He’d at least have to
make sure she actually wanted nyew dead, first.”

 

“A-All of you are crazy!” Subaru was backing away, shaking his head frantically. His eyes
were wild. “None of you get it!” he cried out. “None of you— This isn’t— You’re being
unreasonable! Just— Would you think about the situation here—?!”

 

“I— wouldn’t have done that either, Subaru.”

 

Subaru froze. It was Rem who had spoken.

 

[Roswaal probably has so few servants because of the necessity of having people close who
won’t betray him, Subaru concluded. Between Ram’s slavish devotion to Roswaal and
Rem’s adoration of Rem… Yeah. Roswaal has definitely surrounded Emilia only with
people he’s absolutely certain will never betray him.]

 

Rem had rarely spoken aloud in this place — and when she did, she basically never
addressed anyone who wasn’t her sister. She had certainly never addressed Subaru, her
feelings towards whom she was still figuring out.

 



“I don’t like you,” Rem said, her eyes narrowed. “I don’t like you, and I don’t trust you. I
think my sister is mistaken, with how much trust she appears to be placing in you. But…
killing you outright purely for being a suspicious character would just be…”

 

Subaru made an odd croaking noise.

 

["The problem is, I don't know if they're on guard enough, given that I died from the
attack already. If I'm the only one who died, well, good...” Subaru blinked. “Wait, that's
not good."]

 

Emilia winced at that. But — she thought she understood what he meant, even if he had
worded it poorly.

 

Besides, there was something more important to talk about right now.

 

“Subaru,” she said gently. “Nothing that you did in this loop was unforgivable. —Very silly,
yes, and it would have rightfully caused you all sorts of trouble, I’m sure. But it wouldn’t be
the kind of trouble we couldn’t talk over and sort out like that.”

 

“It wouldn’t even take that long, Natsuki-san,” Otto sighed, rolling his eyes. “We’d have two
Great Spirits who could read intentions, and the answer to all of our questions would be that
you’re genuinely just an idiot trying to help us in the dumbest way possible. You’d be in big
trouble, but — not the kind of trouble worth killing someone over.”

 

“And I had already read your intentions, in fact,” Beatrice declared. “I already knew that you
were about as harmless as an insect. Annoying, in fact — but harmless.”

 

"It would be — silly," Frederica said shakily. Her heart was racing in her chest. She didn't
know why. Her face felt numb. "It would be very silly, to do something so drastic when
there's so much else that can be done first."

 



“I-I wouldn’t kill someone just ‘cause they’re suspicious,” Garfiel agreed hastily. He looked
hurt, and a little nervous. “I know we…we had some trouble before, but — you know I never
really wanted you DEAD. Right, Captain?”

 

And Rem and Ram had already spoken their pieces, of course, so they both stayed silent, lips
pressed into firm lines upon their faces.

 

[But if Roswaal's defense plans simply didn't account for me, a wild card, then that would
be the best case scenario here. But of course, you’ve got to be prepared for the worst…]

 

["Here,” Subaru contemplated. “The worst case is that Roswaal's guard is down and
Emilia gets assassinated. Of course, that'd mean Roswaal, Ram, Rem, and then Beatrice
get slaughtered, too...” He sighed. “Ugh, damn it."]

 

Subaru opened his mouth. Closed it. He did so several times, clearly looking for something to
say.

 

Ram stared at him, aghast. Barusu’s mannerisms often confused her, but she wasn’t sure that
any of them had confused her more than those he was exhibiting right now. What on Earth
was going through his…?

 

[“Well, it'd be nice if the guy's super cautious and runs off just from my yelling at him,
right?" Subaru pondered hopefully. “But, just in case…”]

 

“Tying yourself to a tree…” Reinhard titled his head. “What’s your plan with that, Subaru?”

 

Subaru swallowed. Was his mouth dry. “I…It was for a quick escape,” he answered hoarsely.
He was shaking. “I’d — I’d just jump off the cliff once someone came, and…”

 

“Jump off the— Subaru, that’s ridiculous!” Julius snapped. “You seriously went with THIS
instead of just asking for… for…”



 

He trailed off. The look on Subaru’s face was…

 

Even Julius could tell that this wasn’t the time.

 

["And last,” Subaru nodded. “The knife to cut the rope... She'd probably be ticked off if
she knew I was using it like this."]

 

“Ah.” Ram let out a breath. “Your beloved knife that is the focus of your one-sided
affections.”

 

[When I came up with a plan that required a knife, I grabbed Shooting Star without a
second thought…]

 

Of course. What other knife could he have chosen aside from that one? Frederica shook her
head. She was not going to cry.

 

["Hopefully just for cutting the rope,” Subaru said. “But if worse comes to worst..."]

 

Ram froze. She wasn’t the only one.

 

No… she thought dimly. No, surely not.

 

[It’s not just to facilitate my escape, Subaru reflected. But also to wound myself if the time
comes. The pain of self-harm could stimulate me enough to help me resist the gnawing
sleepiness of the curse, right…?]

 

Ricardo winced. Unpleasant, he thought to himself. But smart.

 



Beatrice sucked in a harsh breath, her eyes growing wide.

 

(Was that… Was that why—?)

 

[If worst comes to worst, I might have to turn this blade upon the enemy. And…if it gets
even worse than that—]

 

["For suicide, huh?” Subaru swallowed. “Geez...can I do that? Something that scary..."]

 

“Sui—!” Ferris whirled on Subaru, a horrible, horrible sense of anger and anguish surging
upwards from his stomach. “Subaru!” he shouted. “Subaru, if you—!”

 

His voice died before he could really begin to get himself going.

 

The look on Subaru’s face…

 

It took all of Ferris’ strength to swallow his horror and rage and — turn away. Back to the
meteor. Now isn’t the time, he told himself. Even if all he wanted to do was…

 

…If Subaru did anything like that, Ferris would…

 

["...They'd be angry with me for misusing it like this, too, wouldn't they?" He sighed,
staring longingly into his reflection in the metal surface. "They'd be totally pissed,
huh...”]

 

“I would be,” Ram said flatly. “I definitely, DEFINITELY would be.”

 

[Subaru smiled wistfully. “I hope they would be..."]



 

Ram faltered slightly, grief mingling with her anger as a bitter, bitter taste rose in her throat.

 

[One way or another, I truly want to bury myself in that day-to-day life again.]

 

What a bitter situation, Ram hissed to herself. What a bitter, bitter situation…!

 

["I don't wanna die,” Subaru declared. “I don't wanna let them die..."]

 

Ferris let out a low, shaky breath. That — was something. That was something, at the very
least.

 

[I’d cast away Emilia and the others to prepare for the next loop, but even so… Subaru
thought. Just like the last two times, I’ve formed definite bonds with them this time, too.]

 

Rem had quite liked the story of The Red Oni Who Cried, she thought. She wondered why
Ram had asked Subaru not to tell her about it.

 

Next to her, Ram’s nails bit into her palms.

 

[In a way, the pain of losing it will be my punishment, Subaru noted. It’s a cross that I
can’t shirk: I have to carry both the sweet and the bitter thoughts with me. …I spent the
past four thrown-away days prying open that raw wound, enduring pain like that of having
my flesh gouged and my bones broken…all so that I’d remember.]

 

[“You said it yourself, Natsuki Subaru,” Subaru told himself. “Even if everyone else
forgets…you’ll remember.”]

 

That’s quite a burden to carry, Crusch thought grimly.



 

(The burden of memory — as someone who had lost all of hers, what did that make Crusch?)

 

…Emilia hoped that Subaru didn’t feel like he was gouging his flesh and breaking his bones
whenever he spent time with her. That — wasn’t what she wanted for him, nor was it what
she wanted from him.

 

[I have to continue craving a happy ending until the last possible moment, Subaru
thought. No one has the right to decide that Emilia and the others are no more than
bubbles on the edge of the time stream. I can’t just forget these days, no matter what
happens next.]

 

Emilia smiled, feeling very, very sad. My wonderful knight…

 

For all that he might have seen the people and the magic and the world of Lugunica as — to
Emilia, Subaru really was something straight out of a storybook.

 

[Something like eight hours passed, with Subaru sitting atop that cliff.]

 

["Come to think of it,” he pondered aloud, watching as the sun neared its setting point.
“Rem didn't go shopping this time..."]

 

[Maybe my early departure means one less mouth to feed? Subaru wondered.]

 

“It does take a lot,“ Ram said, her tone forcibly dry. “To feed a Barusu.”

 

“Teenage boys are like that, aren’t they?” Anastasia nodded. “Stomachs of ground dragons,
the lot of them…”

 

“Mimi eats more than we do!” Tivey objected. Mimi smacked him on the head.



 

Emilia giggled. “Perhaps you just wanted to wait a few more days to go shopping?” she
wondered, smiling.

 

“I’m just amazed that Barusu managed to keep himself focused on something for eight
straight hours,” Ram said wryly.

 

[Ah. Subaru had started smiling at the memories. He pinched his cheek. Not the time for
that!]

 

[“Like I can do something like that with eight hours to go,” Subaru huffed.
“Concentrate, concentra—!”]

 

“Or maybe not,” Ram sighed.

 

Subaru looked so completely on edge. One more time, he turned to Ram and opened his
mouth, trying to—

 

[Just as he shook himself back to the present, a faint sound suddenly reached Subaru’s
ears.]

 

Ferris stiffened, his pupils narrowing to panicked slits.

 

Frederica sucked in a breath. Whatever it was that — was scaring Subaru so much in the
present moment...

 

Well. She was about to find out, wasn't she?

 

[Immediately, Subaru dove to the side — and then the sound of something heavy
smashing through bark echoed through the forest, and the trees all around him began to



collapse.]

 

“Subaru—!” Emilia cried out.

 

Anastasia shouted, her eyes going wide. “That kind of destruction—?!”

 

How could Subaru ever stand a chance against that? —How could he even stand a chance of
ESCAPING something like that?!

 

[As if answering her question, Subaru rushed straight for the cliff — and leapt straight
down.]

 

Julius shrieked at the sight of him diving headfirst off a cliff. “Subaru—!”

 

[“—Ah!” Subaru cried out as the ropes bit painfully into his skin.]

 

Anastasia hissed softly. She remembered the feeling of being tied up with ropes — and
having them harshly yanked like that. Though, in her case, it hadn’t exactly been by her own
hand…

 

["Emergency escape—!" Subaru gasped out, cutting the rope with a knife and sliding
down the rest of the rock face before tossing aside his knapsack and breaking into a
sprint.]

 

But, Anastasia thought. More importantly than that—

 

“I saw it!” Crusch gasped. “I saw it! That was—!”

 

“What the Hell—?!” Rem shrieked, eyes wide with horror. “What the Hell was that thing?!”



 

“A flail…!” Wilhelm hissed. That was a vicious sort of weapon.

 

["I saw it!” Subaru exclaimed, racing away as fast as he could — stomping on branches,
leaping across a gulch, stumbling over rocky terrain… “Yeaaaah— I totally saw it! —
But, he came here?!”]

 

—Had that flail looked familiar? Had…Had Ferris seen something similar, somewhere
before…?

 

[It’s not like I didn’t know that I was probably on their list, but—]

 

["But that's based on knowing I was at the mansion since days ago!"]

 

[So — had they been observing the mansion in secret for several days?!]

 

“Or they’re targeting Subaru, specifically,” Rachins noted grimly. “And Lady Emilia was
never the…”

 

“Who the Hell would have such a problem with that guy?!” Felt retorted, visibly agitated.
“Practically all he’s done so far is exist! Hell, he didn’t even do THAT past a week ago—”

 

“But it would make more sense, right? Why else would the attacker go after some random
guy in the middle of the woods instead of—”

 

[“—Ah!”]

 

“Shit!” Felt swore loudly.

 



Reinhard didn’t even try to correct her, staring at the meteor with a look of horror on his face.
No…!

 

[Subaru had been driven right up to a cliff face, the harsh and jagged wall trapping him
between rock and metal.]

 

["So I've been totally dancing on the other guy's palm?!”]

 

“They’ve gotta have a really good idea of the landscape, to drive him into a corner like that,”
Rom noted darkly. “And so quickly and effortlessly, too…!”

 

“How long have they been waiting there?” Ricardo growled. “How long have they been
taking out that Manor for them to…?”

 

“Just what kind of foe is Subaru-dono up against?” Wilhelm hissed, curling his lip.

 

Rom really, really hoped that his suspicions weren’t right. But everything so far…

 

[Even though it’s not quite night yet, it’s so much darker here, thanks to those thick
branches…!]

 

["If you're coming—” Subaru shrugged off his tracksuit jacket, quickly wrapping it
around his hands and stepping out to glare in the direction of his approaching assailant.
“—bring it on…!”]

 

Julius wondered if he was going to faint. He thought it would be rather reasonable to faint, in
a situation like this.

 

[Right now I’m as helpless as a prey caught in a predator's trap, Subaru thought grimly.
But I’ll make the other guy warn it. I’m not so cute and helpless that I’d let himself get
eaten without a fight…!]



 

“That’s right!” Mimi cheered. “That’s right — don’t give up before it’s all been said and
done!”

 

["Damn it...” Subaru gritted his teeth. “You coming or not?!?"]

 

“Tha— That’s right!” Hetaro cried. “You can— You’ve got this—!”

 

Tivey swallowed, watching in silence. Whatever happened next — it wasn’t like Subaru was
going to survive, in the end.

 

(Mimi and Hetaro knew this, too — but it was difficult not to hope for the best, all the same.)

 

[—Subaru caught the iron ball with his tracksuit.]

 

[It was ripped out of his hands almost instantly, the weapon trapping it between its own
weight and the cliff face as it embedded itself deep in the rock, but that gave Subaru an
opportunity to grab the chain and hold it tight—!]

 

“Well done!” Crusch congratulated. “Well done, Subaru—!”

 

“Well done!” Reinhard echoed, but there was a pit in the bottom of his stomach.

 

Why — why — had he not been there?!

 

["Now, show yourself, bastard!” Subaru shouted, summoning up his anger in order to
hide his fear as he hefted his beloved Shooting Star in his other hand.  “I've gone
through a lot of trouble to see your face!”]

 



[If worst comes to worst, he thought, holding that blade. I won’t hesitate to…!]

 

Otto snarled at the screen, baring his teeth like a cornered animal. Who was it? Who had put
Subaru through such—?

 

Part of Garfiel hoped that it would end up being Elsa, after all. Part of him hoped dearly that
it would be anyone else.

 

Frederica didn't want to know. Whatever was scaring Subaru so badly was the sort of thing
she wished to let lie. But Frederica didn't really have a choice: she was going to find out
regardless, and she knew it.

 

[Emilia, Subaru thought. Rem. Ram. Ros-chi. The loli girl…]

 

[I made promises to all of them. And—]

 

Yes…! Beatrice leaned forward, eyes gleaming with anticipation. Who was this? Who had
tormented her poor contractor like that? Who DARED—?!

 

Emilia just wanted to know. She really, really just wanted to know who, and what, and why
—!

 

Rem found herself copying the Great Spirit in spite of herself. She had to know— She HAD
to. Because what kind of sadist—?

 

Ram could feel herself baring her teeth at the trespasser already. If her little brother’s
murderer had not already been taken care of, then Ram would take great pleasure in—!

 

["You leave me no choice.”]

 



The entire theater went completely still.

 

Mimi’s smile slid off of her face, replaced by a look of absolute bewilderment. Tivey and
Hetaro stared after her with matching expressions of utter confusion.

 

Ricardo wondered if perhaps he were going senile early. Ana-bo had teased him for his age
before — perhaps she was right, and his years were catching up to him after all? That
certainly made more sense than—

 

Julius wondered if maybe he’d actually had a stroke and was now dreaming. That made more
sense, than — than this having actually been something that happened, yes.

 

Anastasia wasn’t one to deny the obvious, or the present moment. But — even she had her
limits, sometimes. And this…! —Except, the more she thought about it…didn’t it kind of add
up, in the worst sort of way?

 

There had to be some misunderstanding here. That was all Rachins could conclude. Because
there was no way — there was absolutely no way, that —

 

Felt stared ahead in disbelief. There was no way. No fucking way. It didn’t add up — It didn’t
add up at all—!

 

Reinhard felt his stomach turn over. It… It did add up, in a very strange sort of way. But, if it
did add up, and this really was true, then that would also mean…

 

Wilhelm stared ahead in utter confusion. Subaru had…?

 

It didn’t make any sense at all. Crusch found herself shaking her head. This didn’t— There
was no way this was what had happened. There was no way that the culprit from before had
been—

 



Ferris stared straight ahead, uncomprehending. His ears refused to work, and so did his eyes.
He couldn’t comprehend this. It didn’t make any sense at all. Because, for the past year,
Subaru had—

 

Otto felt his brain suddenly stop working. Because that — that voice, which had called out —
that figure, which was stepping out of the brush — what?

 

Wha… Garfiel stared at the meteor, mouth agape. …What?

 

What? Beatrice mouthed, eyes wide. She couldn’t speak. Her voice wouldn’t work.

 

Frederica felt her entire world turn over on its head. No— No, that wasn't right. There was no
way that...

 

Emilia felt her heart drop into her stomach as the world was suddenly turned on its head.

 

Ram… Was Ram seeing things correctly? Because— No. No, it couldn’t be…

 

(Old Man Rom has been right, then. He wanted to swear out loud, but the silence was
suffocating.)

 

“Wha…” Rem croaked out, her he’s wide with disbelief. She was the only one who could
speak. “What?”

 

[Subaru stared, a similar expression on his face.]

 

“N-No,” Emilia stammered. “No, that can’t be…”

 

Beatrice stared silently at the meteor. Her mouth was not working at all.



 

[His head was shaking slightly in denial. His throat was dry, letting little more than a
shocked whimper escape.]

 

“…What,” Ram said. Her voice was low, and quiet, and raw in a way that made it echo
through the room regardless. “Is the meaning of this?”

 

She wanted to deny it. Ram wanted to say that this had to be— It had to be some sort of trick
—!

 

But she knew it wasn’t. Ram knew it wasn’t a trick, because…

 

Suddenly it made perfect sense, why their present Subaru had been acting so strangely.

 

[His fingers went slack, letting go of the chain as he stared at the approaching figure.]

 

Suddenly it made perfect sense, why their present Subaru‘s eyes were currently flitting
between them and the meteor with a look of total, total panic.

 

[“You’re kidding,” Subaru breathed. “Right, Rem?”]

Chapter End Notes

Keep in mind: Subaru turned to all these poor fuckers and went “Hey you’d totally kill
me in this situation, wouldn’t you?” and was surprised when not a single one of them
told him “Yes.”

…Also. Just so y’all are aware.

The next chapter is gonna be pretty much entirely dedicated to That Scene.

:)






Chapter 10: That Boy Loves You. (Arc 2, Part 5)
Chapter Summary

…Rem?

Chapter Notes

So. Shall we get started, then? :)

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“…What?” Emilia asked, eyes blown wide with disbelief.

 

[This— This can’t be right, Subaru was thinking dimly. He had stopped breathing out of
shock. This can’t be…]

 

Rom hadn’t wanted to be right. He really, really hadn’t wanted to be right.

 

[Subaru could barely think.]

 

Frederica could barely think, herself.

 

...What?

 

“It was—” Crusch managed, feeling like she had just been hit over the head with something
heavy. “It was her?”

 

It was the girl who nobody could remember?



 

Ferris could barely even comprehend what he was seeing. His mind was refusing to
comprehend it. Just what was he looking at, right now? How could the girl who had been in
the same — or at least, a similar — condition to that of his Lady be the one who—?

 

[—Ah. The sensation of a bead of sweat rolling down his forehead had shocked him
back to his senses. This is bad. This is very, very bad…]

 

Rachins stared at the screen, completely dumbfounded. Out of everyone he may have
suspected — her?

 

It didn’t make any sense. It just didn’t add up at all…!

 

[The shock receded slightly, and in its place came an uneasy panic.]

 

[Is this really Rem? Subaru couldn’t help but think. Polite words like daggers, punctual
to the point of obsession, doting on her impudent sister, harboring a serious inferiority
complex— Is this really that Rem?]

 

But it did add up, didn’t it? Anastasia swallowed. Rem could sense the Witch’s Scent, which
would have made Subaru seem suspicious right from the start. Then, with everything he had
done throughout this loop, she easily could have come to the conclusion that he was a likely
witch cultist, and then…?

 

But then — why had that last death been so brutal, after Rem had smiled at him so very
sweetly just hours before?

 

Anastasia felt something ominous swelling up from the bottom of her stomach, as if
something was very, very wrong. She shook her head.

 

“Natsuki-kun loves that girl,” she said aloud. “He loves…”



 

So — obviously, there was something more to the story, here. Right?

 

[“If you don’t resist,” Rem said, running her hand through her hair. “I can grant you a
quick end.”]

 

“Wait,” Mimi suddenly said. Everyone turned to look at her. “If Rem is the one who— Then
maybe it actually WAS a mercy kill…?”

 

[“…You really think I’m going to say yes?” Subaru asked. “That’s like telling me to eat
shit.”]

 

Tivey jolted. “R-Right!” he agreed. “She would have been in the manor anyway, and her —
maybe she was just on patrol, then?”

 

“Yeah,” Hetaro said. “If it wasn’t an intruder and just a resident, then that makes that
explanation make way more sense, doesn’t it?”

 

"Y— Yes," Frederica agreed haltingly. "It was— It would have been her own home, so—"

 

She had smiled at him. She had given him such a lovely smile, just a few hours before—

 

So. Surely there had been a good reason for that, right? And— surely there was a good
reason for this, too, right?

 

["How very rude,” Rem replied, in exactly the same polite tone that she had carried
with her back at the mansion. It felt jarringly out of place, with the flail she carried in
her hand. “Yes, I suppose that is in your nature, Dear Guest?"]

 



“But she missed,” Julius whispered. “Why would she…?” He shook his head. “But, everyone
misses every once in a while, right?”

 

That’s right. Everyone misses every once in a while. Perhaps Rem was inexperienced with
the concept of a mercy kill, and simply tried her best in the unfair situation that she had
unexpectedly found herself in at midnight in the middle of the manor. Perhaps her hesitance
really had been out of shock, because she really wasn’t used to witnessing the aftermath of
that sort of violence after…

 

["I'll grant you that a girl with a blunt weapon is kind of hot,” Subaru joked. “But..."]

 

Ricardo wanted to tease him. His throat dried up at the very thought. Because all he could
think was that—

 

[A spiked iron ball on a chain that can turn an opponent into mincemeat with one blow —
Rem had to be quite a sadist to pick a weapon like that, Subaru marveled. And I already
know from experience that her control over it is absolute…!]

 

“That’s right,” Wilhelm said. His voice sounded odd to his ears, as if it weren’t quite his.
“Everyone misses every once in a while.”

 

Rem— Subaru LOVED Rem. Wilhelm was very aware of that. So…

 

What incredible confidence, Ricardo noted.

 

That posture didn’t speak of inexperience, or of hesitance. Rem knew what she was doing
with that weapon. Rem had probably used it plenty of times before. Subaru was right: her
control over that thing was absolute, and that thing was the kind of weapon that only
someone who, on some level, gloried in bloodshed would—

 

Ricardo didn’t like this.



 

["It's kinda cliché to ask,” Subaru finally managed to say. “But…why are you doing
this?"]

 

Felt gritted her teeth. Why do you think?! she wanted to snap.

 

But of course he didn’t see it. Subaru was a clueless, clueless idiot.

 

["It is nothing complicated,” Rem said in a blank tone. “You are suspicious, so I will
render judgment as a maid should."]

 

Reinhard felt his heart sink into his stomach.

 

That night at the Loot House—

 

Was Reinhard to blame, for throwing Subaru into this situation in the first place?

 

["Haven't you ever heard of 'love thy neighbor'…?"]

 

["I am fully committed to this, so..."]

 

Otto stared up at the meteor not with horror, or dread, but with a look of pure, utter
confusion. What on Earth was going on? This was the girl that Subaru had fallen in love
with, right behind Lady Emilia, right?

 

So why was she acting like…?

 



[She looks like she’s expecting a prompt response, Subaru thought. And if I move now,
she’ll kill me for sure… This is less of a stalemate than staring down the barrel of a gun!]

 

Garfiel was suddenly struck, once again, by the realization of just how WEAK his Captain
was.

 

He wasn’t useless, far from it. He wasn’t helpless, either, nor was he pitiful — not in most
circumstances. But when it came to a display of straight battle prowess…

 

Well. There wasn’t really a contest there, now, was there?

 

And now there was an oni holding a giant metal flail right—

 

Garfiel shook his head. No way, he told himself. Captain loves that girl. So — you need to
have faith in her, too.

 

["—Does Ram know about this?" Subaru finally asked.]

 

Ram’s breath caught in her throat.

 

No, she thought. No, surely, I didn’t—!

 

[Ram is arrogant, rude, overbearing, and inferior to her little sister as a maid in every
respect — but I’ve spent more time with her than anyone else at Roswaal Manor, Subaru
reflected, horror mounting in his chest. If even Ram has become my enemy, then what did
any of it even…?]

 

Frederica couldn't breathe right. Her heart was pounding so hard she felt dizzy. Her face felt
cold and numb. Ram—

 



Beatrice gritted her teeth, tears beading at the corners of her eyes. Surely, she pleaded. Surely,
Ram isn’t—!

 

["I intend to finish this before Nee-sama is aware of it,” Rem answered.]

 

Ram exhaled, feeling somewhat dizzy.

 

—She shouldn’t feel so relieved. That was always going to be the answer, after all.

 

[Subaru took a deep breath, appearing to come back to life a little bit. Rem raised her
eyebrows.]

 

“Rem…!” Emilia pleaded, even though she knew that her words today couldn’t do the
Subaru of the past any good at all.

 

["So you decided this on your own?” Subaru asked. “Roswaal didn't order you?"]

 

["I will eliminate all who oppose Lord Roswaal's wishes. You are merely one."]

 

“She— went against the orders of her Master?” Wilhelm clarified. His voice was blank.
“That’s…”

 

It wasn’t behavior befitting a maid, let alone the head maid of a household. Order must be
maintained, and hierarchies were absolute. For Rem to have acted on her own to such an
outrageous extent—!

 

Wilhelm shook his head. “The Emilia Camp is — unique,” he reminded himself. “Perhaps
she is trusted to act alone, for the good of…”

 



“Decisiveness can be a positive trait,” Crusch agreed uncertainly. “It’s not necessarily a bad
thing, for a servant to…”

 

Not for the first time, Crusch wondered how her old self would have responded to this
situation. But Crusch could only be who she was now, and so she was left to figure out how
to feel about this all on her own.

 

So — this was the Rem that Subaru loved so much? Emilia felt as though her mind had gone
blank. She felt dizzy.

 

Emilia had tried not to form much of an opinion on who Rem must have been ahead of time,
she really had. But she had assumed — that Rem would be much like Ram, yes, but more
specifically that she would be fundamentally kind, and loving, and loyal, and that all of the
lovely things that Subaru had told her about the blue-haired girl were true. And it wasn’t like
she doubted Subaru, definitely not, but—

 

But. He had never mentioned anything like this to her.

 

Rem sat motionless in her seat, eyes fixed on the meteor with the intensity of a person who
was watching the most important secrets from Od Laguna unfold before their very eyes. At
that moment, she couldn’t care less about what the others may have been arguing about.

 

So this was…

 

["Man,” Subaru taunted. “Can’t he train his lapdogs not to bite at people just passing
thro— AUGH?!"]

 

“Subaru!” Emilia cried out.

 

["You shall not insult Lord Roswaal."]

 



Frederica barely even managed to croak.

 

[Rem had struck him across the cheek with the chain of her flail like a whip.]

 

Cries broke out across the theater at the sight of the blow.

 

“Natsuki-san!” Otto shouted, eyes widening.

 

“Oi!” Garfiel roared.

 

“Hey, hey!” Mimi squawked. “What was that for?!”

 

“What the Hell, Rem?!” Rachins shrieked.

 

“Why would you do that?!” Beatrice cried.

 

One by one, members of the audience began to call out. One by one, angry, frightened,
offended voices joined the growing din of the theater, announcing their anger at Rem’s
violent outburst towards the one who had only been trying to help.

 

But loudest of all—

 

“How could you do something like that?!” Emilia demanded, a rare fury in her voice. She
had already shot to her feet, angry eyes fixed on Rem’s hunched form. “How could you—
Subaru loves you!” she snapped. “How could you hurt him like that over— over a dumb little
comment like—?!”

 

“Guys, guys, wait!” Subaru was shouting, banging frantically on the side of his jar. His voice
was barely audible over the din. “Stop it, wait, wait, it’s not—!”



 

“That was warranted, Lady Emilia.”

 

Emilia stopped. Ram had gotten up to stand between her liege and her little sister.

 

“In Rem’s eyes,” Ram said. “An absurdly suspicious stranger whom she had needed to
investigate as a threat to her home just insulted her Master to her face. As Lord Roswaal’s
chief maid, it was her responsibility to respond to that behavior accordingly. …It’s not like
she hit him very hard, in the first place.”

 

Emilia hesitated for a long, long moment, but it seemed that she had seen the logic in Ram’s
words. “…I still don’t like it,” she finally said, moving to re-take her seat. “But — alright.”

 

Ram was right, of course. Insulting a retainer’s liege directly to their face after having acted
so suspiciously — really, Anastasia could have expected much worse. She knew that Mimi,
in particular, would have wiped the floor with anyone who dared to talk about her in such a
way.

 

Perhaps the more hotheaded members of the audience would have forgotten that in the heat
of the moment, with how deeply they were all wishing for Subaru’s safety in this moment,
but — Crusch had remained silent, as had Felt, and Rom, and Wilhelm, and Tivey, and
Reinhard, and of course Ricardo and Julius as well (even if her dear knight’s face had gone
even paler now than it had been before). And of course, Anastasia Hoshin was not the type to
lose sight of reality when things got difficult.

 

Anastasia rested her cheek against the palm of her hand, wincing. That poor, stupid, stupid
boy…

 

Ram grimaced, turning to where the victim of that blow was sitting and watching their
conversation nearby. She didn’t really know what to say — she couldn’t be sorry for
defending her little sister, even if the circumstances were unfortunate — but words were
forming on her lips all the same.

 



—But Ram didn’t need to worry, it seemed. Subaru looked very, very grateful, that she had
stepped in as she had.

 

Rem didn’t even glance over at any of them. She was too busy trying to understand.

 

(So this was who Rem had been?)

 

[…Rem's loyalty to Roswaal is the real thing, then, Subaru realized. So that means…]

 

“It really was completely absolute,” Subaru agreed hastily. “—Well, her loyalty was really to
you, Nee-sama, rather than to Ros-chi — but it was completely absolute. She would have
done absolutely anything for you, she was that type of person.”

 

“Of course she was,” Ram scoffed. “My cute little sister is amazing. It is only natural for her
to be that way.”

 

“It is, isn’t it?” Subaru nodded. Ram blinked, a little caught off-guard. “It’s only natural that
she’d be so amazing, yep, that’s right! Loyal — but also really smart, and capable, too — and
not just as a maid! I mean, did you see how easily she cornered me just there? I never could
have done that, but to her it was as easy as pie, wasn’t it?”

 

“Y-Yes,” Ram said. “I’m certain that my sister is the type of person who would be capable of
almost anything, if she were to set her mind to it.”

 

“You got that right!” Subaru agreed. “But all she really wanted to do was whatever she could
for the sake of the people around her, you see? Rem was the kind of person who would do
anything for the people she cared about, absolutely anything! And so, when she saw me and
thought…”

 

["Ah, that's what it is…” Subaru’s voice cracked. “That's how little you trust me,
huh?"]



 

[Rem didn’t even blink. "Yes."]

 

“Subaru…” Emilia trailed off, lost.

 

Subaru swallowed, and then continued. “I was so suspicious,” he repeated. His voice was
shaking. “The only one to blame for how little Rem trusted me — was myself.”

 

“That…is true,” Ram agreed, beginning to grow more cautious. “You were indeed a very
foolish freeloader, Barusu.”

 

“I know, right?! I didn’t have a lick of sense, I swear…” Subaru sighed dramatically.  ““I was
a Grade-A idiot back there, a total disaster. Meanwhile, Rem was the top-tier maid charged
with protecting basically the entire Estate, and so it was really very admirable of her to take
initiative as she did before something really, really bad could happen, really!”

 

“…Barusu,” Ram tried to interrupt.

 

“Anyway, she was really suspicious of me, and she had to make absolutely sure that I wasn’t
a threat, right? A-And like you guys pointed out, there was a good chance that I wasn’t
working alone, you know? So, now she’s gonna have to do whatever she can to make sure
there isn’t — like — an army of witch cultists gearing up to attack the manor. Because that
would really—!”

 

“Barusu—”

 

“I mean, do you know what the Witch Cult does to innocent civilians?” Subaru pressed on as
if he hadn’t even heard her. Judging by the look of panic in his eyes, he probably hadn’t.
“They — do all sorts of horrible things, and for basically no reason at all! And there I was,
stinking of the Witch of Envy and acting like a total lunatic, and it would have been crazy for
her to NOT think that I was some sort of cultist planning an attack on the manor. And at that
point, she didn’t just have her own life to look after, but also the lives of everyone else in—”



 

[So… Subaru thought dimly. That means those days at the manor…]

 

One by one, everyone in the theater was slowly turning to look at where Subaru was sitting
and rambling at them, words coming out so fast he barely had space to breathe.

 

“Captain—” Garfiel said uncomfortably.

 

“So like,” Subaru laughed. “Between her beloved older sister, her Master, one of the five
Royal Candidates, and the nearby village full of innocent civilians — it’s not like she could
take any chances, here! I mean, what kind of rotten sister would do that? Do you know what
witch cultists do? It wouldn’t be pretty at all, and I’m sure Rem knew that she’d regret not
acting sooner for the rest of her life if it ended up not being—”

 

“Natsuki-san…?” Otto asked uneasily.

 

“And we all know that would have been really, really bad! So anything goes so long as a fate
like THAT is avoided, see? But —"

 

Subaru, Frederica wanted to say. She couldn't breathe.

 

"—Big Sis—?"

 

"In order to make sure something that horrible didn’t happen, Rem needed to make sure not
just that I wasn’t a threat, but that whatever I was planning on doing next didn’t—”

 

“Subaru—” Beatrice tried.

 

“And it’s not like she could trust me to keep my word, after I had lied to them so blatantly
already! And if Beatrice and Puck seemed to have been wrong about my intentions, then



wouldn’t it stand to reason that their reasonings were faulty and they couldn’t be trusted
anymore? She HAD to figure out what was going on all by herself! Obviously the only thing
to do would be to…to…”

 

“Barusu.”

 

Subaru finally stopped. He had an odd look in his eyes.

 

“Barusu.” Ram swallowed. “…What did my sister do?” she asked.

 

["Damn, just look at me,” Subaru laughed. He didn’t sound particularly amused. “I
thought I'd done all right, but I was so wrong..."]

 

“N-Nothing that wasn’t necessary,” Subaru answered desperately. “She — you know. Tried to
mitigate the threat she detected encroaching upon her home. The threat that might hurt
Roswaal, and Emilia, and Beatrice, and…”

 

[Rem— hesitated. "...My sister—”]

 

“So, it’s really not the sort of thing that should worry abo—”

 

["I don't wanna hear it!” his onscreen self suddenly shouted. “Take this!"]

 

[A familiar white light suddenly cut through the forest.]

 

“Big Bro’s cell phone!” Felt gasped in recognition, immediately turning back to the meteor.

 

[Taking advantage of Rem’s momentary stun at the flash attack, Subaru screamed and
barreled into her, knocking her aside with his greater height and weight before rushing



on past, fleeing into the woods.]

 

“He didn’t stab her with the knife?” Otto asked quietly.

 

“Of course he didn’t,” Beatrice answered. There was an odd quality to her voice. “He loves
her.”

 

Could any of them have expected anything else, from a boy like him?

 

[If this is Rem's decision alone, then I have two options for survival! Subaru’s mind
raced. I can return to the manor and speak directly to Roswaal. But — if he thinks the
same way as Rem, then—!]

 

“He won’t!” Ram declared. “He won’t, I know he—!”

 

Garfiel wasn’t sure about that, but he wanted to believe that Ram was right. After all,
wouldn’t anything would be better than—?

 

["But even so...” Subaru gasped. “There’s Emilia...!"]

 

[If I can trust anyone, it’s her—!]

 

Amazingly, smiles broke out across the theater. Of course he’d decide on that.

 

After all, who else would Subaru trust with his very heart and soul, if not her?

 

“Yes!” Emilia cried out, almost joyful, nodding emphatically. “Yes, you can trust me! You
can always trust—!”



 

[—But would Emilia, a Royal Candidate, trust me when she has the most to lose from
doing so?]

 

And just like that, the theater was struck dumb.

 

“…What?” Emilia choked out.

 

[I… Subaru thought numbly, as if struck dumb by his own worries. Did I really just…?]

 

Beatrice stared at the meteor, wide-eyed and speechless. …Had Subaru really just—?

 

—There was nothing in the world that could impress the devastation that Rem’s perceived
betrayal had wreaked across Barusu’s heart more than that, Ram knew. For that boy, of all
people, to humor for even a moment the idea that his beloved Emilia-tan would not listen to
him…!

 

Rem did not know this boy all that well. But she had seen more than enough of the
interactions between him and the silver-haired Emilia to conclude that a thought like that
meant that something was very, very wrong.

 

Frederica was about to throw up. Frederica was about to throw up, and—

 

[I know how forthright, earnest, and unhesitant to put herself in harm's way for others she
is…and I still doubted Emilia’s heart…?]

 

Wilhelm stared up at the screen, aghast. If there was one thing that he had thought could
always be counted on, when it came to Subaru…

 



Otto had half-joked before that Subaru’s adoration of Emilia would only falter if the world
was coming to an end. With the former half of that declaration now complete, it felt as
though the latter was hot on its heels.

 

It wasn’t often that Garfiel felt as though he had been struck utterly speechless, but now his
throat was refusing to work. Captain had…?

 

“…What?” Felt whispered, thunderstruck.

 

Crusch felt much the same. She did not know this boy very well, but — she felt much the
same as Felt, when she voiced that question aloud enough for the both of them.

 

["Why…” Subaru whispered. “Am I doing…?”]

 

Ricardo winced. For Subaru to hear himself think such a thing — could anything be more
earth-shattering, for a boy like him?

 

Rom didn’t know which had hurt Subaru worse: the experiences that had had led up to that
earth-shattering moment, or that earth-shattering moment itself.

 

What ARE you doing? Rachins didn’t say that out loud.

 

[If I can’t even trust the person I’d resolved to protect, who can I…?]

 

Garfiel remembered the moment he had really, truly understood what kind of person Subaru
was. He remembered walking into the trial chamber, seeing it light up, and seeing all the
many, many declarations of love and adoration that his Captain had painstakingly carved into
the walls as a surprise for Lady Emilia.

 

And now, here he was…?



 

He shook his head, turning back to his alarmingly still sister. "Big Sis," he whispered
urgently. "Big Sis...!"

 

“Garf?” Mimi whispered. Garfiel barely even heard her.

 

Tivey grimaced. Hetaro squeezed his sister’s hand.

 

You can trust me! Reinhard wanted to cry. But — Subaru had needed him, and he hadn’t been
there at all.

 

[I’m pathetically fleeing through the mountains because of the big plan I’d made to protect
the life — of someone whose heart I doubted?]

 

It was the role of a man to never doubt the heart of his Lady, and to respond to her glorious
image with all his body and soul. Ferris gritted his teeth. As someone who had long failed to
become a man, seeing someone else fall short of that ideal stung on a level too personal to
name — or perhaps, too personal for him to even acknowledge.

 

It was the role of a woman to act in such a way that faith in her heart would never falter. This
was the truth of the world, and it was especially so for women of such high status. And a
Royal Candidate had to act in such a way that the entire kingdom would maintain their faith
in her heart enough to willingly bow before her. Anastasia prided herself as a maiden of
many virtues, and as one who understood that truth down to her very core.

 

For Subaru, of all people, to lose faith in her heart, even for a moment… Just what did that
say about Lady Emilia?

 

[I’d “gather intel” this time? Yeah, right. Subaru’s thoughts were full of despair. Tears
began to cloud his vision. Why am I here, under threat from a completely unexpected
direction, running for my life like this?]

 



—Emilia couldn’t be hurt or offended or disappointed in Subaru over this. She shook her
head.

 

“You can always trust me,” she pleaded softly. “You will always be able to— Please, just
come and see me, and I promise I’ll never…!”

 

Let him find her. Let her wipe his tears away and dry his face with her handkerchief. Let her
hug him close and tell him how much all those little moments in the garden had really, truly
meant to her. Emilia already knew that he was going to die, but — please, not like this?

 

[I was l too proud. I was naive. I hadn't thought it through…!]

 

All of that might have been true. It very well might have been true. Subaru had been too
proud to ask for help, and too naive to properly assess what he was likely up against, and he
didn’t think up a proper plan before diving headfirst into the fire.

 

And yet, Julius couldn’t bring himself to really, truly blame Subaru for any of this.

 

[Just as Subaru began to approach a clearing—]

 

[“—Ah?”]

 

Crusch screamed, recoiling backwards in her seat. “Od Laguna!”

 

“Holy shit!” Rom shouted.

 

[Subaru’s right foot — suddenly amputated by some sharp, unseen force — had leapt
forward without him, plunging into the thicket ahead.]

 



Frederica made a heaving noise.

 

“What the Hell was that?!” Ram shouted, her eyes wide.

 

Had Rem somehow—?

 

[Without his right foot Subaru lost his balance and slammed into the ground, cracking
his shoulder into the rock and reopening the cut on his cheek.]

 

[“AAAUGH!” he cried out, not so much in pain as in panic. “M-My leeeeeg?!"]

 

[It doesn’t hurt — why doesn’t it hurt?!]

 

The adrenaline wasn’t going to last. Ferris braced himself for the real screaming to start.

 

Wilhelm could only stare in an anguished sort of horror. Subaru—!

 

[A delayed gush of blood emptied out of the wound to which his leg had initially been
attached. Only then, did Subaru scream with agony.]

 

Even though he had braced himself for it, the sound of the screams of a dying man was…!

 

Julius hadn’t braced himself for it. He had been in too much shock to brace himself for it.
Unprepared as he was, the wailing sound was so horrible that he dimly feared that it would
tear him in two.

 

Rachins clasped his hands tight against his ears, squeezing his eyes shut. He could still hear
it. He could still hear it—!



 

“Rachins—” Felt tried to say, but her voice was barely audible above the sound of screams.
She felt sick herself. She shook her head. “Rachins—!”

 

[Subaru clawed at the ground, thrashed about, pounded his free right hand against the
ground, smacked a nearby tree, and clawed at the bark.]

 

Ricardo was the Captain of the Iron Fang. Before that, he had once been a slave. He was not
unused to the sight of people violently turned into animals by the infliction of agonizing pain,
the type enough to melt the mind down to its bare essentials.

 

But somehow, seeing it here and now, inflicted on a boy who had done nothing but be a
naive, stupid, good-hearted kid…!

 

Garfiel started screaming right alongside him. He couldn’t help it. He knew he had to help his
sister, but—!

 

“Garfiel!” Otto shouted, but it wasn’t like anyone could blame him, right? And it wasn’t like
Garfiel was the only one screaming.

 

[Subaru tried to place pressure on the wound, but the pain made it difficult to do it
right.]

 

“That’s not,” Mimi tried to say. “That’s not— you’re too far down, you should—”

 

“Use your shirt as a tourniquet,” Tivey moaned. “Tie it tight so it stops the blood flow and…”

 

“Please,” Hetaro whimpered. “Just stop thrashing around like— you’re making it worse—!”

 



There was nothing the triplets could say that would change the events of the past. Anastasia
wasn’t tactless enough to say this out loud. Wordlessly, she squeezed them all tight, watching
grimly as the scene prepared to play out until the end.

 

Even if Subaru had known what to do, Otto understood, it wasn’t like it would have helped
much. Not with his pursuer right…!

 

[It hurts! Subaru cried inwardly. It hurts, it hurts, it hurts so bad—!]

 

“No!” Beatrice cried out, momentarily forgetting that this was a memory that could not be
changed no matter how much she wished for it. “No, no, no—! Someone help him, PLEASE
—!”

 

“Subaru!” Emilia wailed, voice turned hysterical by fear and anguish. “SUBARU—!”

 

But of course, there was nothing she could do, now.

 

“What the fuck?!” Ram was screaming, dignity forgotten. She was on her feet, gripping her
hair with both hands. When had she gotten to her feet? It didn’t matter. “What kind of— Who
did— Who DARES—?!”

 

—Why hadn’t Reinhard BEEN there?!

 

[Ah… Subaru wheezed. I’m— bleeding out. I’m going to…]

 

["Mana of Water,” Rem’s voice suddenly said. “Heal this body."]

 

Ram stopped. “…Rem?” she asked. Her grip on her hair relaxed, ever so slightly.

 



Beatrice faltered, the rage slowly dimming from her eyes. Huh?

 

“Ah…” Emilia relaxed. “Alright,” she said. “So— It was rough at first, but maybe now you
two will…?”

 

Frederica's panic only grew. Why was she panicking so much? Why did she know that
something was wrong?

 

[Rem was using healing magic on Subaru’s amputated right leg.]

 

Rem — also relaxed. That’s right. Amnesia or not, Rem was still… And she wasn’t a
monster, so of course she would…

 

Ricardo exhaled slowly, slumping back in his seat with exhaustion. That was right. Subaru
loved Rem. However things looked right now — there had to have been a reason Subaru had
fallen for that girl.

 

Reinhard hadn’t been there. That was be a shame that he would carry with him regardless.
But…he couldn’t help but breathe a sigh of relief. Even if it wasn’t him — of course,
someone had been there after all.

 

Subaru loved Rem, didn’t he? Reinhard had been stupid to doubt his friend.

 

—Otto didn’t trust this. He braced himself for the other shoe to drop.

 

(He wanted to trust Subaru’s judgement, he really, really did. But from everything he had
seen of the Rem of this night so far…!)

 

[“R-Rem…?” Subaru whispered, hope re-entering his voice. “You’re…?”]

 



“Ah,” Julius said. He felt like the world was spinning around his head. “I see.”

 

Of course she hadn’t actually— What else could he have expected? Subaru’s judgement had
always been phenomenal, when it really came down to the wire. So, Julius shouldn’t have
expected anything else.

 

Ferris snorted, a slight bit of humor re-entering his voice at the assurance that Subaru was
nearing safety once again. “O-Of course,” he teased, voice shaking. “Nyaughty Subaru-kyun
gets all the ladies falling over themselves for his sake, doesn’t he…?”

 

“Oh, thank goodness,” Crusch sighed. She felt exhausted.

 

Of course. Wilhelm never should have doubted Subaru-dono, obviously not. The old man
would have to give both the boy and the girl his sincerest apologies, as soon as his heart
stopped pounding so heavily in his chest and allowed him to properly breathe.

 

Felt frowned. That felt like a pretty stark shift in behavior, didn’t it…?

 

—Anastasia didn’t trust this. Something wasn’t right, here. This was too fast a turn-around,
and in any case, why wasn’t Rem reacting properly to the sudden fatal injury as though it had
been something unexpected…?

 

[Rem looked back at him, her usual soft smile on her face.]

 

Garfiel groaned, feeling somewhat faint. His throat ached from screaming. Of course— This
was Captain’s girl. Even if she was a little rough, she was still…

 

Mimi swallowed.

 

Rachins normally would have considered it sick, for someone to smile in a situation like this.
But right now, all that kind expression brought his way was a dizzying sense of relief.



 

“Ah…” Hetaro exhaled. “That’s right. Subaru loves…”

 

Tivey didn’t share his brother’s confidence. From the looks of it, neither did his sister.

 

—Something wasn’t right, Rom thought. Something here wasn’t…

 

[“I will not be able to ask you anything if I let you die so easily,” Rem said, as sweet-
sounding as she always was.]

 

Emilia’s smile faltered. “…Eh?”

 

Frederica could feel her chest heaving.

 

[Ah, Subaru thought to himself. I really am an optimistic idiot.]

 

Subaru shook himself out of his stupor, frantically turning back to the audience. “I know
what it looks like,” he said. “But seriously, you’ve got to look at it from her perspective, here!
A strange guy shrouded in the Witch’s Scent shows up, demands free room and board, snoops
around, spies on everyone with a stolen knife after pretending to leave for the Capital, I really
didn’t do myself any favors—!”

 

“Eh?!” Subaru’s desperate attempts to reassure her were only having the opposite effect,
somehow. Emilia felt a rotten sense of unease building up in her stomach. She swallowed,
somewhat queasy. “Su— Subaru—?”

 

“Subaru, please don’t—” Beatrice tried to calm him down, but her words didn’t seem to have
any effect.

 



“And it’s not like I didn’t any chances to make things right!” Subaru kept going,
steamrollering over his Great Spirit as if she hadn’t spoken at all. “I could have done lots of
things before they got to this point! I could have given her the knife, or thrown myself at her
feet the moment I saw her apologizing for my reckless behavior, or just told anyone what was
going on back when I had the chance and just taken their distrust on the chin like a man—”

 

[Lying face-up, Subaru could only watch as the iron ball gouged the earth as Rem
pulled it forth, deliberately placing it where he could see it. A crude, unrefined,
specialized tool for violence that placed his life firmly in her hands.]

 

Rachins winced. What an image that was. He certainly wasn’t envious of Subaru, in a
position like…

 

“—I mean, Puck and Beatrice were both perfectly capable of reading my intentions! So even
if I didn’t have any proof, if I had just said my piece while one of them was present then
everyone would have known I wasn’t lying, and even if they DID think I was crazy they may
have at least— I mean, I had just saved Emilia from Elsa without any real explanation, so it’s
not like it would be that much of a stretch to say that I just knew things—”

 

“Rem…?” Garfiel croaked out.

 

“—but instead I went and made the worst possible decision and decided to go and take care
of everything behind everyone’s backs because I wanted to be COOL and all that junk, and
like — what would I have even done, if things went to plan? What, I would have tried to
charge back to the manor to save everyone in the nick of time like some sort of hero? It
would have gone so badly, even worse than it did here, and so in a way I’m actually probably
really lucky that it was just Rem being rightfully cautious instead of—”

 

["I am confiscating this,” Rem declared, effortlessly taking Subaru’s beloved Shooting
Star right out of his closed hand. She turned it over in her own, observing it. "Had you
stabbed me with this earlier,” she mused. “You would have been able to flee a little
farther."]

 

“And that didn’t hint to you that maybe…?” Crusch hissed out. Subaru’s clear unwillingness
to cause her pain — it was such an obvious discrepancy. Why was she ignoring it? Why was
she going out of her way to ignore it?!



 

“Plus, you know, she was Roswaal’s head maid, so — Roswaal may not have been able to get
rid of me himself because of the whole debt situation, but if Rem acted on her own, she could
take the fall for it while he—”

 

Ah, Felt understood numbly. So that’s what’s going on.

 

“Also — I know I probably shouldn’t be telling you this but—” If possible, Subaru’s voice
had started to grow in both speed and pitch. “—this isn’t exactly Rem’s first time
encountering witch cultists, and last time she and Ram and their entire village all got— you
really can’t blame her for reacting like this when someone who looks like he’s part of the
group who killed all those people and hurt Ram like that suddenly just—”

 

Ram would have snapped at him for airing out her dirty laundry like that in any other
scenario, but right now she was too frightened of what on Earth could be scaring Subaru so
badly to formulate a response.

 

—Otto suddenly realized what was going to happen next, and all the blood drained from his
face.

 

[There was no way I could have stabbed Rem with that knife, Subaru knew. My heart —
lacks the strength for that. —Not Rem. And not with that knife…]

 

[But he couldn’t bring himself to say this out loud, shaking his head without a word.]

 

That naive boy. Anastasia gritted her teeth. That hopelessly, hopelessly naive boy…!

 

Anastasia believed that she had figured it out, by this point.

 

[Rem sighed and discarded the knife into the forest thicket.]

 



Rom had figured it out the moment Rem had opened her mouth and plainly told Subaru of
her intentions. Subaru’s ongoing rambling was only driving his conclusion home.

 

“How could anyone expect anything else from her after an experience like that?!” Subaru
demanded. At a distance he sounded angry, but he was too panicked to hide it correctly, and
so everyone knew it was an act. “Don’t you know what the Witch Cult DOES to people?! I
don’t know how you could see something that horrible and not later end up flying into a rage
at the sight of them intruding upon your home and acting like they own the place! I know it
might not seem like it, but Rem had  to have had so much restraint in a situation like—!”

 

“Subaru-dono,” Wilhelm tried to interrupt. A look of pure, unadulterated terror was growing
in his eyes. “Subaru-dono — what are you trying to tell us right now?”

 

“I’m telling you that you’re thinking about this situation all wrong!” Subaru snapped. “Rem
isn’t bad, or dangerous, or sadistic, or anything like that! She’s trying her best in a foul
situation that she only got shoved into because I was acting like a fucking moron, so would
you cut her some slack already?! Anyone else in her position would have done the same—!”

 

Ricardo sucked in a breath. “Subaru,” he said in a rough-sounding voice. He sounded
uncharacteristically panicked. “Subaru, you don’t mean—!”

 

Mimi’s eyes widened with dawning realization. She didn’t… Mimi wanted to say. She
wouldn’t…!

 

Next to her, Hetaro made a small croaking noise.

 

Tivey squeezed both of their hands. He had already gritted his teeth.

 

(As Vice Captains of the Iron Fang, it wasn’t like the triplets were too naive to understand…)

 

“And it’s not like she had anything better to work with, here! What, was she going to go back
to the manor to get a more fitting tool just so the WITCH CULTIST could be a bit more



comfortable during the interrogation process? That’s ridiculous, obviously she had to use
what she had on hand! You can’t seriously tell me you’re blaming her for—”

 

["I ask you,“ Rem said coldly. “Are you working with one of Lady Emilia's rival
claimants to the throne?"]

 

It wasn’t until Rem had asked that question that Julius finally understood what was about to
happen.

 

“Subaru,” Julius suddenly said. His voice was unusually raw. “Subaru— You can’t mean that
she—!”

 

He cut himself off. He already knew that he was right. The look on Subaru’s face only
confirmed it.

 

Subaru swallowed, and then he smiled. “R-Rem did everything right,” he insisted. “She was
suspicious of me from the moment I first showed up, but she held back for all that time, and
when she did finally act it was because I had lied and stolen a weapon and she genuinely
thought that the Witch Cult was about to hurt everyone she cared about all over again. I
mean, what else was she supposed to…?”

 

Subaru trailed off. Reinhard was staring at him in complete and utter horror, the reality of the
situation slowly dawning across his face. Those behind him didn’t look much better.

 

Between Subaru’s reaction, Rem’s wording, and the weapon the chief maid wielded expertly
in her hand…

 

“…She didn’t,” Ferris whispered hoarsely.

 

["…My heart belongs to Emilia."]

 



Frederica squeezed her eyes shut. It didn't do anything.

 

[Rem swung down the chain.]

 

Most of the experiences soldiers had figured out why Subaru was acting so frantic already.
But not everyone in the theater was familiar with the realities of torture, and so not everyone
understood what was happening before it truly begun in earnest.

 

It wasn’t until she saw the briefest twitch of Rem’s eye — a twitch that carried with it a world
of rage, and pain, and hatred — that Crusch understood what was going to happen next.

 

It wasn’t until Rem raised her weapon that Garfiel understood why she had yet to let it go,
with Subaru in such a feeble state beneath her feet.

 

It wasn’t until the chain began to swing down that Rachins realized what sort of scene was
about to follow.

 

It wasn’t until the whistle of metal through wind reached her ears that Beatrice realized why
Subaru had been so panicked about the idea of them seeing this moment for themselves.

 

It wasn’t until chain met flesh with a loud, squelching crack that Emilia’s uneasy confusion
cleared into a pure, icy horror.

 

It wasn’t until the chain bounced off of Subaru’s back that Ram realized what it was that her
little sister had done.

 

And it wasn’t until she heard Subaru’s squeal of pain that Rem finally — finally — realized
what it was that her onscreen self had decided to do.

 

["Who hired you and on what terms?" Rem asked.]



 

["E-Emilia-tan's smiling face…” Subaru’s voice gasped. “Is...priceless."]

 

[Another horrible clinking sound. Another squelch of tearing flesh. Another agonizing
scream, with Rem having hit exactly the same spot as before.]

 

Understanding was one thing. UNDERSTANDING was another. It took a long, long moment
for most of those in the theater to understand what it was that they were watching — and then
they understood, and the unbelievable scene continued to play out before their eyes.

 

Slowly, everyone turned to stare at Rem, horror and disbelief etched so deeply into all of their
faces that the feelings may as well have been engraved into them from the start.

 

Rem wasn’t looking at any of them. Her eyes were still fixed on the meta, an identical
expression plastered across her own face.

 

“…What?” Rem whispered.

 

So this is who she had been? This was—

 

[Subaru screamed in pain, and then his screams started to shake and shudder and grow
quiet. He was losing consciousness — from blood loss, most likely.]

 

It was unbelievable to watch. Nobody reacted — because nobody knew how to react. This
was just…

 

So — Rem had been this kind of person, then? The kind of person who wielded a spiked iron
ball on a chain, perfect for turning men into mincemeat, with the precision and control of a
master ballerina? The kind of person who would skillfully chase a target until they cornered
themselves under a cliff, all the while toppling trees and aiming to crush their skull in from



the shadows? The kind of person who would smile so very sweetly at someone they hated
while healing their grievous wounds, and would then—

 

[“Mana of water,” Rem’s voice suddenly said. “Heal this body.”]

 

Someone sucked in a breath. Nobody else said anything, but the exponential growth of horror
in the theater was palpable all the same. Had the temperature dropped, all of a sudden?

 

“What?” Ram repeated, voice even higher-pitched than before.

 

But there she was, healing him up once again — now from the very injuries that she herself
had inflicted upon his trembling body.

 

Perhaps… Rem hoped meekly. Perhaps she’s had a change of heart?

 

[And then Rem picked up the chain again. “I will ask you again,” she declared.]

 

— and thus, even that faint wish was dashed against the rocks.

 

This… Rem thought to herself, dazed.

 

This is who I was?

 

“Subaru loves you.”

 

A voice like silver bells broke through the agonized silence of the theater. It was a beautiful,
gentle, lovely sort of voice — in normal circumstances. But now, it felt as though dirt and
grime had gotten in the way of their clear chime, rendering the melody raspy and choked.



 

It was the sort of tone that made the hairs on the back of Rem’s neck stand on in, abruptly
jerking her out of her thoughts.

 

Finally — finally — Rem turned to face the others in the theater.

 

“He loves you,” Emilia managed. Tears were forming in the corners of her eyes. “Su— Rem,
Subaru LOVES you. How could you…?”

 

“He…” Rem’s voice cracked. She— had heard something like that before, hadn’t she.
“He…?”

 

“He loves you,” Otto answered. His tone was carefully blank. “You have been asleep in the
manor for a year, and Natsuki-san has visited you every single day. He talks to you about his
new routines, jokes about antics he’s gotten into with the rest of us, asks you about what
you’d think if you were here, and so many other things. Every day, without fail, he has…”

 

“Aside from Emilia, you’re the person he holds closest to his heart,” Beatrice said. Her voice
was deceptively soft. “Subaru has said as much, in fact — and on so many occasions. That is
how highly he thinks of you.”

 

“Captain’s been telling us so much about you,” Garfiel said. His voice sounded as though it
had been numbed by shock. “He’s told us about you every day. And every time he says your
name, he always sounds so…”

 

Ram made a noise, and it trailed off before it could form itself into a word.

 

“He loves you,” Emilia repeated. “Subaru loves you. How— How COULD you…?”

 

The amnesiac Rem, who could not remember even the final timeline of events, stared
helplessly back. The horrified despair of the others was multiplied tenfold in her pale blue



eyes, and it was only growing by the moment.

 

Emilia wasn’t having it. Horror and betrayal gave way to a surge of rage. “Answer me!” she
demanded. “Don’t just sit there — tell me! How could you do this to him? How could you
hurt him like this? How could you make him cry—“

 

[A squeal echoed over Emilia’s words as the Rem onscreen landed a particularly vicious
strike against Subaru’s back.]

 

“—Why?!” Emilia begged. A tear slipped out of the corner of her eye, falling down her
cheek.

 

“I—” Rem tried to say, scrambling for something she could say. “I—”

 

“Of all the things Betty had expected from you,” Beatrice said. Rem could hear her shock
slowly giving way to a devastated, angry sort of betrayal. “Of all the things she had expected,
from the person her contractor had been working so, so hard to wake up— This is just—!”

 

“Captain hasn’t stopped trying to wake you up since you fell asleep,” Garfiel growled, a
dangerous undercurrent to his voice the likes of which none of them had heard since the
Sanctuary Incident. “He’s been so worried about you. He cares for you so much, and— you
—“

 

Otto pressed his lips together. Rem didn’t know what he was thinking exactly, but the blank
look on his face scared her more than any of the angry voices being aimed her way.

 

“I don’t know!” Rem broke out desperately. “I don’t know — that’s not me! I never—”

 

[Subaru sobbed, hiccuping weakly. “Mana of water,” Rem’s voice said, utterly
unsympathetic. “Heal this body.”]

 



Frederica panted. She felt dizzy. She felt wrong. She felt—

 

“Why would I ever do something like this?!” Rem begged. “I didn’t! I wouldn’t!”

 

That was right, wasn’t it? Rem wasn’t that kind of— Surely she hadn’t actually been that
kind of—!

 

“You did,” Crusch interrupted. Rem stopped.

 

Crusch’s voice was cold and sharp like steel, with the sort of anger that could be mistaken for
calmness if one wasn’t paying attention. The other camps were keeping quiet, watching the
Emilia Camp with stares that slowly turned to ice as they waited to see if they would handle
their own, but something about Rem’s refusal had apparently crossed a line.  “A version of
you — did.”

 

“You were suspicious of him from the very start,” Felt snarled. “Even when he had done
nothing, you still— You really DID think about strangling him where he slept, didn’t you? I
wasn’t imagining that, you seriously, seriously—!”

 

Rem started. That was right! Back when that boy had first arrived at the manor, and her old
self had been left alone with him in his room—

 

“I thought my amazing self had imagined that,” Garfiel said faintly.

 

“Pretty difficult to deny it now,” Felt said. “If she was willing to do something like THIS,
then—”

 

“A-And you — the present you, right now — you were suspicious of him here, too, weren’t
you?” Rachins added. “One of the first things you did, when you woke up in this place, was
turn to point at him and say—!”

 



[“Mana of water,” her voice rang out once more. “Heal this body.”]

 

Rachins broke off. He was shaking. He didn’t know why it was that he was shaking.

 

Behind him, Rom laid a hand on his shoulder. The giant kept his face carefully blank as he
said nothing and did nothing, resolving to simply observe the fall-out of this unpleasant
situation.

 

“I…” Rem didn’t know what to say. “I…”

 

After all: Rachins was absolutely right. She HAD been suspicious of that boy, from the
moment she woke up. The foulness of the Witch’s Scent that surrounded him had made all of
her basest instincts scream, and even when none of his actions appeared to match… Most of
it had been her way of protecting herself, if she were being entirely honest with herself, but a
small part of her genuinely just couldn’t shake the suspicion that he was more dangerous than
he appeared.

 

But surely, SURELY she wouldn’t have—!

 

“How dare you,” Mimi whispered, her voice raw and trembling. “How— How dare you…?”

 

“That boy LOVES you!” Tivey spat, unusually emotional. “He’s been looking for a way to
save you for nearly a full year — he CRIED when he learned you were gone — and you did
THIS?!”

 

Hetaro swallowed.

 

“I wouldn’t, I—” Rem’s face began to grow heavy with dread. “I was — suspicious of him,
yes!” she admitted. “But I wouldn’t have— I didn’t want THIS!”

 



[The sound of chain scraping through chunks of flesh, followed by a sobbing plea for
mercy. “I ask you again…”]

 

"R..." Frederica finally forced out. Nobody paid her any mind, as quiet as she was.
"R...Rem..."

 

This — had been her coworker?

 

“You— None of you are thinking about this logically!” Subaru shouted, banging on the wall
of his jar. The sheer terror of those old memories had stunned him silent, for a moment, but
now he had shaken himself back to the matter at hand. “Rem had every right to be suspicious
of me — she was RIGHT!”

 

“Wha— Subaru?!” Felt whirled to face him, eyes wide. “What are you—?!”

 

“Just think about it, would you?!” he pressed. “Some strange guy smelling of the Witch of
Envy shows up, demands to be treated as a houseguest, snoops around the Estate, steals a
knife, and holes up on a nearby cliff to spy on everyone from far away—!”

 

“Subaru, that’s worth an investigation, but—” Tivey shook his head, looking incredibly
caught off guard. “Surely you’re not trying to say that hunting you down to torture you in the
woods was a reasonable reaction, here?!”

 

“I must ask that all of you stay out of this!” Otto suddenly interjected. “This is an internal
matter that should be dealt with by the Emilia Camp alone,” he said. “It is not the sort of
matter that—”

 

“I’m afraid we’ve crossed that bridge already,” Rom muttered under his breath.

 

“You can’t expect us to stay out of this one,” Felt said louder, in a cold sort of tone. “With
most things I’d respect it, but — something like this is just…!”



 

“And in any case,” Rachins muttered. “You had your chance, and it sure doesn’t look like
you’ve dealt with it over the course of the past year.”

 

—Subaru shook his head. “What else was she supposed to do?!” he asked hotly. “You guys
said it yourself: in a situation like this, Rem would HAVE to get as much information out of
me as possible to make sure I wasn’t working with anyone else! If she just killed me outright,
then—”

 

“Subaru,” Beatrice suddenly interjected. “Subaru, please calm down, this isn’t—!”

 

She couldn’t even reach him. He was already hurting so bad, for the sake of that— And
Beatrice couldn’t even REACH him—!

 

“You weren’t even a confirmed threat!” Tivey retorted. “There was plenty of evidence there
that would have given any remotely intelligent person pause—”

 

[“Mana of water—”]

 

Frederica made a hoarse sort of sobbing sound. Don't, she wanted to cry. Don't, don't, please
—!

 

“I was spying on them from a nearby cliff with a stolen knife! How else was she supposed to
interpret that?!”

 

“Two different Great Spirits had read your intentions and determined that you held nothing
but good intentions towards the Estate and all of its residents!” Hetaro snapped. “That alone
is at least worth—!”

 

“You had just saved their Lady from certain death less than a week ago!” Mimi retorted. “If
someone had saved Boss Lady from getting sliced open, Mimi wouldn’t just forget about it



because they were acting weird and start—!”

 

“You weren’t even a threat!” Hetaro cried. “She cornered you so quickly! She captured you
so easily! You can’t do anything to her and she knows it! You weren’t even a THREAT—!”

 

“And on top of that,” Tivey declared. “She had JUST watched you actively refuse to stab her
with the knife that you appeared to have stolen for exactly that purpose! If you literally
couldn’t bring yourself to stab her when she was chasing you with intent to kill, then that
HAS to mean that she doesn’t have all the information, and she should have known—!”

 

Rem watched this argument silently. She didn’t know what side she was on, here. Would she
have been this frightened of a weakling she had managed to corner so thoroughly in a matter
of minutes? Would she have been reckless enough to ignore all evidence to the contrary?
Would she really, really have thought that this was the only way?

 

—The fact that she couldn’t wholeheartedly deny it terrified Rem down to the core of her
soul.

 

“This isn’t even HER!” Subaru cried. “This was a completely different timeline, remember?
Even the Rem of your old memories — she never did any such thing! To blame her for
something she never even did is just—!”

 

Rem swallowed. That was right, wasn’t it? It wasn’t her, right? It was someone else living
life out in her own skin, right?

 

This couldn’t be the kind of person she was, right? She couldn’t be the kind of person who
would have hurt someone like this, right?

 

[Subaru’s screams of pain echoed across the room once more. His voice cracked midway
through.]

 



That was Frederica's coworker. That woman had been Frederica's coworker. Frederica had —
She would have worked with this person, eaten with this person, bathed with this person,
lived with this person, for ten full years, and—!

 

Rem knew that she wouldn’t do anything like this, so, surely, this Rem could be thought of as
some other person…!

 

—Crusch had often wondered just what kind of person she had been, back when she still had
all of her memories.

 

Ferris and Wilhelm spoke of her highly, she knew that much. But that hadn’t stopped her
from wondering, really. Had they been embellishing things for her sake, perhaps? Surely she
had moments that she would be ashamed to remember, but what would they be like? Did she
have different tastes in food and drink? Did she have stronger core values than she had now,
or perhaps weaker ones — or were they the same with regard to their intensity, but different
in the details? What personal moments had she, personally, been the proudest of? Crusch
hoped that one day she would have the answers to these questions, but at the moment…

 

“How is this fair?!” Subaru was demanding. “Rem is— Even if it WASN’T defensible, it
never even happened! This loop — ended, so she never even—!”

 

How would Crusch feel, if her old self had been a bad person? How would Crusch behave, if
she had hurt someone in the time when she had still existed as the Lady Crusch that everyone
else knew? How would Crusch feel, if she learned that she had—

 

[That poor boy cried out once again, and his attacker didn’t show even a hint of mercy.
“Mana of water, heal this body.”]

 

It wasn’t even a question. Crusch wouldn’t have been satisfied with passing it off as “the
actions of another person,” because it still would have been a version of herself. More than
that, it would have been a situation in which the actions of a version of herself had harmed
someone who still existed right in front of her. In a situation like that — even if it wasn’t the
fault of herself as she was now, wouldn’t Crusch still have the responsibility to atone for
those sins?

 



She would. Obviously, she would.

 

“It doesn’t matter if Rem doesn’t remember,” Crusch said. Subaru whipped around to stare at
her, eyes wide. “Perhaps she doesn’t remember. Perhaps none of us would ever remember.
Perhaps it never happened, to any of the rest of us.”

 

“Tha— That’s right!” Subaru cried. “It never happened and nobody would remember it
because it never, never— Why are you telling me that it doesn’t matter?!”

 

“Because that doesn’t mean it didn’t happen to YOU.”

 

Subaru opened his mouth. Closed it. Opened it again:

 

“But I’m the only one who got hurt!” he pointed out. “So— If I go and say that it’s—!”

 

[Metal chains whistled through the air—]

 

Frederica heaved. She was going to throw up.

 

“It’s more complicated than that, Subaru,” Crusch said. She tried to keep her voice calm and
gentle, but it was hard to do that when in the background—

 

[“—heal this body.”]

 

“How is it more complicated?” Subaru demanded. “I was the only one who got hurt, and I
say it’s fine! So why does anything else—?!”

 

“Because people have responsibilities towards the sins they commit and the people they
harm, whether they remember it or not!” Crusch replied. It came out harsher than she



intended. “It doesn’t matter if she remembers doing it: the fact remains that you were hurt,
and BADLY — and from the looks of things, she completely got away with it! That alone is
nothing short of a disgrace!”

 

Subaru opened his mouth, ready to retort—

 

[“Once more.”]

 

“She’s right, kid.”

 

Subaru faltered.

 

Normally Ricardo’s voice was at least somewhat light and playful, but now it was colored
with the kind of dark rage one associated with a stereotypical mercenary. He tried to swallow
some of it back — Subaru, of all people, was not the one to growl at in this situation — but
even for someone as even-tempered as himself, some of it seeped through regardless.

 

“It’s not as simple as whether or not she remembers doing it, or whether or not you forgive
her for it,” Ricardo said. “The fact is, a version of her did it, whether she remembers it or not.
And when ya hurt someone to an extent like this, ya have to take responsibility for it.“

 

“I— have to agree,” Garfiel broke in. Subaru turned to him, eyes wide. He was shifting
nervously. “S-Sorry, Captain,” he muttered. “I know you— like her, and all, but…” He
swallowed. “Just cause it was a different time, it doesn’t mean that it’s suddenly fine and
didn’t mean anything at all. It just— It doesn’t. My amazing self just can’t accept something
like that.”

 

Perhaps on a different day, at a different time, in a different place, Felt would have thought
differently. Perhaps she would have spoken up on Rem’s behalf right alongside Subaru.
Perhaps she would have argued that Rem could only be responsible for the things that she
herself had done, regardless of the person who had existed in her place before. But right now
—

 



[“Mana of water, heal this body.”]

 

—Right now it was taking all of her self-control to stop herself from lunging at that girl and
ripping her throat out, right here and now!

 

“This is disgusting,” she hissed. Subaru and Rem both turned to face her, and both of them
flinched backwards when they saw that she was shaking. “This is disgusting, it’s disgusting,
it’s so, so gross…!”

 

“F-Felt—” Subaru stammered.

 

“Don’t tell me that this is all oh-kay, Subaru!” Felt snapped. “I can’t believe you’re trying to
defend this absolute bullshit right now! That girl—” Rem flinched at the pointer finger
thrusted her way. “That girl chased you into the woods behind everyone’s backs with a
weapon that brutal, chased you down with the intent to kill — and then decided to pivot into
slicing off your leg and torturing you like this for fun?!” Felt gritted her teeth. “How sick can
you get?!”

 

[“I ask you again…”]

 

It had been for fun. That was right. Frederica's coworker had been—

 

Frederica and Rem had— They had been—

 

“I-It wasn’t for fu—!”

 

“A…A-And that’s not the end of it!” Ferris spat, finally managing to form words through his
personal storm of rage and anguish. He looked ready to lunge at Rem, eyes blazing. “This use
of healing magic — it’s barbaric! How dare nyew pollute it like that! How DARE you!”

 



Ferris was not just a healer, but the greatest healer in the entire Kingdom of Lugunica — and
one who had sworn an oath reflecting that profession as a way of life. Healing magic was
what he used to serve Lady Crusch, what gave him his purpose, value, and worth among the
Royal Knights when he couldn’t wield a sword, what allowed him to perform true miracles
and bring even those on the verge of death back to breathe for another day. It was what His
Highness, dear Prince Fourier, had looked at with awe and wonder as he called it “the kindest
magic in the world.” It was at the core of who Ferris was, and his proficiency in it was one of
the only things in his life that Ferris could honestly and genuinely say that he was proud of.

 

For someone to take that precious thing that his dearest Crusch and Fourier had valued as
“the kindest magic in the world” and use it like—

 

For someone to take something that was meant to save and heal and cherish and love,
perverting it to fit their own personal desire to—

 

For someone to take the one thing that gave Ferris’ life value, and—!

 

“How dare nyew,” he repeated, his chest heaving. “How dare nyew. How dare nyew, how
dare nyew, how DARE NYEW—!”

 

“Ferris!” Crusch called, catching him around the waist before he could leap at Rem in an
uncontrollable rage. Rem recoiled backwards. Subaru shouted. Some others glanced his way
in surprise, worry, unease — but they all looked away after a moment, focusing on the topic
at hand.

 

“Ferris is correct,” Julius said, in a much more even tone. His voice was carefully controlled.
“For you to use healing magic in such a way is— it’s almost unthinkable, Rem. Even in
Vollachia, an action like this would be…”

 

Rem couldn’t think of any way to defend herself against that.

 

But Subaru could. “It wasn’t like she was doing any permanent damage!” he shouted. “If she
was healing me again and again, then that means everything was going back to normal every
time! She could have stopped at any point and I would have been alright from then on! So, if



you think about it like that, her using healing magic in such a manner was actually a mercy
—”

 

The room erupted into even louder shouts than before.

 

“Subaru?!” Beatrice cried.

 

“E-Excuse me?!” Ricardo demanded, his eyes flying wide.

 

“What the Hell does that—?!” Rachins squawked.

 

“How can you say something like—!” Garfiel demanded, recoiling violently at the very
thought.

 

“What the FUCK, Subaru?!” Felt shrieked.

 

“Ferris!” Crusch shouted.

 

Ferris howled loudly, looking very much like he wanted to claw out Subaru’s eyes as well as
Rem’s for such a vile assertion.

 

“S-Subaru,” Julius asked. Begged. “Subaru — how in Od’s name can you sit there and say
—?”

 

[A cracking sound. A squeal.]

 

“How dare you, indeed.”

 



The entire theater seemed to freeze at that voice, so dark and enraged and seeped in venom it
was. Even Ferris faltered, finally seeming to return to his senses in Crusch’s arms. Subaru
shivered, eyes widening in growing panic.

 

Wilhelm’s was shaking with a rage comparable only to that which he had held against the
White Whale. His eyes looked almost as if they were glowing from the force of his anger,
bright and piercing in a manner similar to the gaze of a wild beast. Unconsciously or not, he
had stepped into a fighting stance, bearing down on poor Rem with all the power of his title
of the Sword Demon.

 

“That boy loves you,” Wilhelm growled. He looked ready to tear her to shreds with his bare
hands. “That boy— For an entire year, he has done nothing without keeping you in his mind.
He has searched endlessly for a cure to your condition, kept his memory of you alive in the
minds of those from whom you were stripped away, and said nothing but kind things about
you to anyone who asked. Now he’s sitting here DEFENDING the very actions you took
against him, to an utterly ludicrous degree, and what have you done to deserve it but—!”

 

[“I’ll ask once more.”]

 

Why was nothing coming up? Why couldn't Frederica—?

 

“How dare you,” Wilhelm breathed. Without even being fully aware of it, he had begun to
advance. Rem squeaked, hurriedly taking several steps backwards. “For you to take
advantage of the heart of such a person, you—!”

 

“Wilhelm!” Emilia cried, jumping forward.

 

“Wait!” Garfiel shouted.

 

Ram started, panic filling her from head to toe as she moved to pull herself together enough
to act—!

 



“Wilhelm!” Subaru begged. “Wilhelm, please, don’t—!”

 

In the throes of his rage, Wilhelm didn’t notice Emilia, or Garfiel, or Ram — but he did
notice Subaru. It was only because he knew that Subaru would not want him to, that Wilhelm
managed to just barely hold himself back. But even then…!

 

“Subaru-dono,” he forced out. “How can you go through that, and still…?”

 

The entire theater waited for him to answer. Subaru swallowed. And after a long moment—

 

“Because I love Rem,” Subaru said. His voice was shaking. “I…She’s one of the greatest
people I’ve ever met. She’s helped me in so many awful situations, and through so many
terrible times. So, even if we had a couple of — rough patches…it’s alright.”

 

Rem stared wide-eyed at that boy’s earnest face, and wondered what she was supposed to be
feeling right now.

 

Wilhelm usually believed Subaru-dono’s kind heart to be a rare and precious strength, the
likes of which he himself could never even hope to achieve. He valued it, admired it, and
sometimes even wished that he could obtain even a third of that great emotional integrity —
even as he knew how it would conflict with his duties as the Sword Demon of Lugunica. He
would even go as far as to say that such a kind, strong heart was Subaru-dono’s most
admirable quality, among his many wonderful characteristics.

 

But in the face of an atrocity like this, which Subaru had apparently decided to just lie down
and TAKE—!

 

[“Mana of water, heal this body.”]

 

“Wilhelm,” Crusch warned.

 



Wilhelm took a deep breath, and — bowed. “My apologies for my disgraceful behavior,” he
said coldly. “I shall — return to my Lady.”

 

Rem nodded meekly. Wilhelm turned and walked away, and the entire Emilia Camp appeared
to deflate with relief.

 

“She— She’s really not—” Subaru pleaded. “You’ve got to listen to me. Rem is— This just
isn’t a good introduction! The Rem I got to know is patient, and hardworking, and so, so very
kind—!”

 

“Subaru, please,” Beatrice begged, pressed right up against the glass. “Please, just — focus
on your breathing! Focus on something else! Stop— Stop trying to—!”

 

Anastasia took a deep breath. Exhaled slowly. Opened her eyes. Her retainers had said most
everything that she had the responsibility to bite back and swallow, and for that she was
grateful.

 

But they were missing something important.

 

“Rem is not the only one to blame here,” Anastasia declared.

 

“Yes, thank you, Lady Anastasia!” Subaru said frantically, nodding his head. “The vast
majority of the blame here belongs to ME, not Rem! I’m the one who was so suspicious, I’m
the one who refused to be honest — Rem was the chief maid of the Estate! It was her job to
— do whatever it took, to look after it properly! If I just hadn’t put her in such a bad
situation, then—”

 

[Subaru’s defense was abruptly cut off by his own squeal of pain, reverberating across
the theater. Blood splattered upwards, staining Rem’s skirt.]

 

Frederica sobbed, quiet enough that nobody heard.



 

“Not you, Subaru,” Anastasia said. She tried to make her voice gentle for his sake, but she
was tense, and the rage she was just barely managing to hold back made her struggle not to
grit her teeth as she spoke.

 

Subaru stared back at her, a wide-eyed look of dazed panic on his face, as if that latest sound
of pain had managed to strike him dumb. Anastasia wanted to comfort him, but there was a
glass wall in the way.

 

In any case, there was something else she needed to point out.

 

The Merchant Princess turned to Lady Emilia. “I’m talking about YOU,” she said.

 

“Wha—?” Emilia recoiled. “What?!”

 

“It’s your duty as a Royal Candidate to keep your servants under control,” Anastasia said
stonily. “This boy may not have acted like a…a picturesque member of society, but he did
save your life. In return…” In an astoundingly uncharacteristic display of fury, Anastasia
Hoshin bared her teeth. “You let a member of your Camp—!”

 

[Subaru cried out, voice raw and breaking from the constant stress. “Mana of water,”
Rem’s voice repeated. “Heal this body.”]

 

Anastasia stopped talking. Her hands clenched the furs of her garments, as if she were
restraining herself.

 

Emilia stared back, helpless despair dawning across her face. “I—” Her voice cracked. “I
didn’t know—”

 

“That ain’t fair!” Garfiel protested. “Rem acted alone, and this was her first offense! Emilia
wouldn’t have been able to predict it, this ain’t on her!”



 

“Garf— It’s plenty fair.” Mimi’s voice was pained at having to object to her crush, but her
eyes were strong. “People like Boss Lady and Lady Emilia have to look out for the people in
their care. That responsibility is why Mimi can trust anyone that Boss Lady says she can
trust. …And it’s why Mimi has to act to not bring shame to Boss Lady.”

 

“Lady Emilia is our Lady’s peer,” Hetaro said. “That means she needs to be able to look out
for people just like our Lady does.”

 

“It’s not like anyone else could do as good a job of that as Lady Anastasia,” Tivey muttered,
fixing his monocle. “—But that doesn’t mean Lady Emilia should be THIS incapable.”

 

“Lady Emilia is not—!” Otto snapped.

 

“Who do you think you are,” Garfiel snarled. “Saying something like that about—!”

 

“They are my retainers,” Anastasia answered, effortlessly regaining her place in the
conversation. “My retainers, who have learned to have appropriately high standards regarding
my conduct and abilities. And as such, they have the perspective to understand that Lady
Emilia has fallen short.”

 

[“…heal this body.”]

 

“Don’t—!” Subaru protested, finally managing to speak again. There were tears in his eyes.
“A-Anastasia, this isn’t—!”

 

“Subaru,” Beatrice begged, pounding on the glass. “Subaru, please just—!”

 

Anastasia didn’t even hear him through the blood roaring in her ears. Between the outrageous
disrespect that the maid’s actions showed towards the very people she had supposedly sworn
to serve, the horrific, wasteful betrayal of the kind of steadfastly loyal subject that most lords



and ladies could only dream of, the disgustingly animalistic brutality unfolding within this
scene before her very eyes—

 

And most personally of all: the sheer GALL of this woman to shirk her responsibilities so
blatantly when she was supposed to be Anastasia Hoshin’s peer on the public stage—!

 

“Lady Emilia had a grand total of three, maybe four subjects,” the Merchant Princess
returned, unusually emotional. “ALL of whom she lived with for days prior to this incident,
in the same household, with every single one of them just a few doors down. And she did not
notice ANY of the warning signs?”

 

“Oh, would you have done better?” Garfiel retorted.

 

Anastasia did not hesitate. “Yes.”

 

“It’s the responsibility of royalty to look after their subjects,” Ricardo growled. “Everything
up to this point was an accident, or entirely outside of Lady Emilia’s influence,” he said.
“THIS — was not.”

 

“That’s not fair!” Subaru cried. “Rem also isn’t— But Emilia DEFINITELY isn’t at fault
here! She didn’t do anything wrong, you can’t just—!”

 

“I hate to say it, Subaru,” Crusch said uncomfortably. “But — Lady Emilia does have some
responsibility here.”

 

Subaru stared at her with a look of open-mouthed betrayal.

 

Crusch looked saddened, but not swayed. “Lady Emilia had a duty to — if not protect you,
then to make sure she did you no harm,” she said. “She owed you her life, and you gave her
nothing but love and loyalty for the entirety of the time that you had known her. And as Lady
Emilia’s retainers are an extension of herself — Rem’s actions here are as if Lady Emilia has
repaid you for all you have done for her by…”



 

[A crack. A sob. “Mana of water…”]

 

Subaru. That was Subaru. Up there, crying in pain, begging for everything to stop, was—

 

Frederica and Subaru were not all that close, but—

 

“That’s not…!” Subaru tried to say, even as his voice was growing hoarse and he was starting
to shake too hard to argue properly. —But this time, someone else spoke up in his stead.

 

“You two are full of shit!” Felt snorted, crossing her arms. “Ya can’t blame anyone but the
individual when it comes to the choices they make. Rem’s responsible for Rem, and Big Sis
is responsible for Big Sis. She and the perverted clown already gave their orders: it’s
completely on Rem for defying them behind their backs like this. —And so is what happened
afterwards.”

 

“I’m afraid I can’t agree with you, Lady Felt,” Anastasia said stonily. “Lady Emilia had the
responsibility to control her retainers, and to make sure that her orders are followed through.
The fact that one of them disobeyed her so thoroughly is an embarrassment, and should be
treated as such.”

 

“I…” Emilia’s lip was wobbling. She didn’t know what to think. What was she supposed to
say, in a situation like…? “I…”

 

Perhaps she should have been concerned about her reputation, or her image, or her standing
in the eyes of the other camps. Perhaps that would have been wise.

 

But instead, all she could think was—

 

[“Mana of water, heal this body.”]

 



My poor, sweet knight—!

 

Were Crusch and Anastasia right?

 

“Don’t you see that this is your fault?!”

 

Julius’ voice had suddenly entered the fray, unusually low and guttural and enraged in a
manner that it almost never was. Even Anastasia flinched away from him, eyes widening in
surprise.

 

But it was not Emilia who Julius had targeted with such venomous barbs. Julius was a knight
— the finest of them all — and therefore would never raise his voice at a Royal Candidate.
Even as angry as he was, he would not dare to do that.

 

No, Julius’ ire was instead aimed at—

 

“A servant is supposed to reflect well upon their masters,” Julius snarled. “They are supposed
to conduct themselves with charm and grace, and to never take a step that would bring shame
upon their liege. This is true for knights, but it is also true for maids. For you to act in such a
rash and unbecoming way — can you not see the shame that you have brought upon the
people you were declaring yourself to serve?!”

 

“I—!” Rem stared at him, eyes wide. From his conduct, she never would have expected…!

 

“Your actions have called into question not just your own character, but that of your masters,”
Julius said coldly, in a voice that no sane person ever would have expected to leave his
mouth. “There is little worse that a woman claiming to be a noble’s retainer could do than
that.”

 

Rem shrank away from him.

 



“That’s not—” Emilia tried to say, eyes darting between Rem, Julius, and Subaru. “Don’t—
Don’t put that sort of burden on Rem,” she ordered. What was the right thing to do, in a
situation like this? What should she— “At the very least, she doesn’t deserve to be blamed
for— for—”

 

Julius took a deep breath. “My apologies, Lady Emilia,” he said, bowing courteously. “But it
is the truth. Rem had a duty to you and Lord Roswaal, and she shirked it to an absurd degree
— and I am afraid that she shirked it to a degree that would reflect poorly on the two of you,
in turn.”

 

And more than just Emilia and Roswaal, he thought privately. For Subaru, who has spent so
much time vouching for you over the course of the past year…!

 

“That’s not the sort of thing ya should be scolding that woman for,” Felt butted in. “Her
scorning the hierarchies of this shithole country is nothing to fault her for. If anything, I’d
respect it — in any other scenario.”

 

“Tha— That’s…?” Subaru desperately tried to search for an angle that would build on that
point. His voice was too quiet for anyone but Beatrice to notice above the sun.

 

“And besides…” Felt sneered. “You’re missing the worst part.”

 

Emilia stared at her, eyes round. “The…worst…?” she repeated.

 

“Because it’s not even just that THIS is what you did,” she declared, rounding on the blue-
haired oni. Rem flinched at the fire in her eyes. “It’s that, of all the things you could have
done—!”

 

[The sound of chains rang through the theater once again, and Subaru’s pained, frantic
sobbing quickly followed.]

 



“There were so many other ways you could have gone about this,” Crusch agreed faintly.
“You could have notified your Master. You could have enlisted one of the two Great Spirits in
the manor to reinvestigate his intentions. You could have captured him and dragged him back
for questioning. You could have just — asked him, once you realized he couldn’t have been
planning to stab you with the knife he stole. You could have simply threatened him with the
sight of that brutal weapon, instead of—”

 

[A swing. A tearing sound. Subaru cried out once again.]

 

“There were so many things you could have done BEFORE this!” Felt spat. “You really went
from ‘do nothing’ to ‘torture’ in the span of — it was like your very next step! Why the Hell
did you go from zero to one-hundred like—?!”

 

“It wasn’t even an effective way of getting information!” Tivey cried. “You’ve been torturing
him now for — how long?! And he hasn’t told you anything at—!”

 

[Another shuddering sob. Another cold response. “Mana of water, heal this body.”]

 

“If it was really for the purposes of gathering information, you would have tried something
else by now,” Julius agreed, clenching his teeth. “Or, you would have accepted that this boy
knows nothing. Doing the same thing, over and over again when it fails to yield any result at
all… No sane person would do such a thing.”

 

“So either you are really, brutishly stupid,” Anastasia said coldly, her false Kararagian accent
having slipped out of her voice. “Or you were enjoying yourself.”

 

Because that’s what it came done to, wasn’t it? It was plain as day, to everyone in the theater.
Even Rem herself had understood it.

 

“Tha— That’s not—” Subaru tried to say, but his voice had grown hoarse with fear and
exhaustion and desperation. “Please, that…that isn’t…”

 



The Rem onscreen wasn’t doing this because she thought it was the best way to get
information, or because she was scared of that boy managing to gain the upper hand on her if
she lowered her guard, or because this was the surest way to defend her domain. If it were
any of those other motives, there would be more effective ways for her to manage it — and
many to choose from, too. If it were any of that, she wouldn’t have run into the woods alone
with the intention of managing it all in the cover of night, against the orders of her masters,
without anyone knowing where she was. If it were anything else, this entire display would be
not just needlessly gratuitous, but utterly useless.

 

Rem wasn’t doing this for any higher purpose, or for any greater good. She was doing it
because—

 

[Metal chains crackled loudly. Subaru’s shrill cry rang out once more.]

 

Frederica finally turned on her side, bracing herself as she faced the floor. She heaved.
Nothing came up. Nothing came—

 

—Garfiel finally saw, really saw, the state his big sister was in. His eyes flew wide, and he
immediately rushed over to her side. "Big Sis—!"

 

Frederica tried to reassure him. She couldn't even reassure herself.

 

"Sis, it's alright," he whispered, face frantic even as he tried to remain calm. "It's— Well,
maybe it's not— I mean—"

 

“You didn’t do this for anyone but yourself,” Felt was saying coldly. Rem wilted. “You saw
an opportunity and you took it, intending to make sure nobody else ever found out about it.
Don’t give me that ‘For their sake’ crap. We all know it’s bullshit.”

 

“I…” Rem tried to say. “I…”

 



What could she say? What was there to say? How could she defend herself? Should she even
be trying to defend herself? Why had that boy been able to excuse this behavior from her?
Was he right to do so? What had she done to deserve it? Had Rem ever even done anything to
deserve it at all?

 

—How would it have felt?

 

Above her horror at such a gruesome sight, her panic at the accusations being thrown her
way, her apprehension about what this might mean for her past identity, that was Rem’s most
prominent thought.

 

How would it have felt, to hold that chain? Was it cold to the touch, or did it warm quickly in
her hands? How heavy was it? Which muscles had it required her to strengthen, in order to
wield it so effortlessly? Where did it pull on her arms, on her back? When she held the chain
in a bunch like that, could she feel the ends of it tugging on her hand? Did the handle fit her
grip like a glove? Was the material different there? Was the metal smooth, or did it have little
bumps and grooves from wear and tear?

 

Stop it.

 

What did it feel like, to strike someone like that? When she had crushed that boy’s head in
with that iron ball, had she felt the impact reverberating through the chains into her hands?
How much had she felt? Could she tell the difference between crunching bark and crunching
bone? When the chain hit that boy’s back, did she feel it tug on his flesh as it carved out
bloody grooves? Did she know when she hit his spine, and when she had simply struck his
flesh? If a rib were to break, would she be able to feel that, too? What did it feel like, to raise
her hand up in preparation for a blow? How much force did she put behind it? How much
was she holding back?

 

Stop it. Stop thinking about that! Rem shook her head, raising her voice in yet another
begging plea: “I don’t remember—!”

 

“Rem.”

 



That voice brought silence to the room once again.

 

It was Ram who spoke up, with the sort of coldness that made her usual scathing comments
look sweet and gentle by comparison. Rem turned to face her, eyes wide and lips parted.

 

“—I love you,” Ram interrupted, before she could say anything more to defend herself.
“Because you are my sister. But it is because I love you that I cannot allow you to back away
from this.”

 

“Nee…” Rem croaked out. “Nee-sama…?”

 

“This isn’t your fault,” Ram said. “You never did any of this, and you cannot bear the guilt of
an action that you have no memory of deciding upon. But that doesn’t mean that you are
absolved from the responsibility of your actions.”

 

[Another scream, punctuated by broken sobs.]

 

Rem swallowed. “…I wouldn’t do something like this,” she begged. “I— Whoever I was
back—”

 

[“Mana of water, heal this body.”]

 

“—I wouldn’t DO something like this!” she cried out. “I’m not— Who IS that?! I wouldn’t,
I’m not—!”

 

“I know.”

 

Rem faltered.

 



Ram was smiling at her. It looked — slightly forced, but not in a manner that would suggest
she was lying. “At her core, my little sister is an amazing person,” she agreed. “Whatever
was going through your mind here, whatever circumstances pushed you to make a decision
like this, I will always believe in that.”

 

Rem stared at her older sister. Even after all of this, Ram still believe that she…?

 

“But it’s because of that, that I will not let you run and hide from the consequences of your
actions, amnesia or no, time travel or no,” Ram declared. “The responsibility of your actions
here cannot be erased by your lack of knowledge. Because even if you do not remember
this…” She took a shaky breath. “Subaru does.”

 

Rem swallowed.

 

“…Nee-sama,” a quiet, shaky voice finally managed to properly interrupt. “You shouldn’t
talk like that to your sister.”

 

[“Mana of water,” Rem said. “Heal this body.”]

 

Ram went still. So did everyone else.

 

Subaru was watching their argument from his cage, a smile on his face that clearly was
supposed to be casual and lighthearted, despite how badly he was trembling and how it
clashed with the tears beading at the corners of his eyes.

 

“Subaru—” Beatrice pleaded, her hands on the glass as she tried desperately to quiet him.
“Subaru, you don’t have to—!”

 

“Rem was— Rem was right,” Subaru said hoarsely, trying once again. “I was suspicious. I
snuck around the Estate without telling anyone what I was doing. I stole a knife, and spied on
everyone from the woods nearby. I smelled so heavily of the Witch of Envy that I could have
passed for a Sin Archbishop. She wanted to act to protect her sister and her home, to protect



her Lord from the shame of needing to order such an action, and to stifle a problem before it
became a real threat. She was right to—”

 

[“Mana of water, heal this body.”]

 

Subaru swallowed, shaking even worse than before. “…to act as she did.”

 

Rem made a strangled, horrified sort of noise.

 

Nobody else spoke for a long, long moment, the air permeated only by the sounds of angry
demons, and chains, and cries of pain.

 

“…You can’t seriously believe that.”

 

It was Otto who finally spoke up. His voice was hoarse. There was a look of complete and
utter horror in his eyes.

 

“Natsuki-san,” he said, voice rough and raw. “I know that you’re the…idealistic sort, but you
can’t— Surely you don’t actually—!”

 

“I can, and I do,” Subaru retorted, voice strengthening ever so slightly. He tried to sit up
again, clawing at the glass to support himself as he trembled. “Rem is— None of you know
her like I do, okay?! None of you! Just because you’re seeing her at her worst right now
doesn’t mean—!”

 

[“Mana of water,” Rem’s voice echoed, utterly unapologetic. “Heal this body.”]

 

Subaru broke off once again. He nearly fell over, he was shaking so hard, and just barely
managed to catch himself. Beatrice clawed at the glass, pleading for him to calm down and
just let the others deal with it.



 

Otto stared at him, aghast.

 

—Ram shook her head. “Barusu, be quiet,” she ordered. “Relax, listen to Lady Beatrice, and
— we shall have a proper conversation about all of this at a more appropriate time.”

 

“That’s not— There’s no reason to wait!” Subaru protested. “Rem didn’t do anything wrong!
I’m the one at fault, I was the one who was stupid and dishonest and made the worst
decisions that I possible could have made at the worst possible time—!”

 

Ram felt her composure — that which she had so carefully drawn back together, in the
aftermath of the nasty shock of watching her beloved little sister— Ram felt it begin to crack.

 

“Ba— Barusu,” she said shakily. “Stop it. Just— stop, alright.”

 

“No!” Subaru snapped. “No— Ram, you don’t get it! This whole thing has been blown way
out of—”

 

“What part of this do you think I don’t get?!”

 

Subaru recoiled.

 

Ram had finally rounded on him, her eyes blazing. “I love my sister, and that will never
change,” she declared. “But — even I can’t defend something this completely disgraceful!”
Rem flinched slightly, even though she knew it was deserved. “What kind of a person do you
take me for, to think that I’d say that any of this was— was—!”

 

“I-It wasn’t even the same Rem!” Subaru pointed out, desperately switching tactics. “It was
an entirely different timeline, remember? Even if she did do something — bad — how can
you fault her for something she never even DID?”

 



“Because YOU still got hurt!” Ram cried out. “How do you not get that, you idiot?! Just
because we can’t remember hurting you doesn’t mean that you didn’t—!”

 

“But it’s not even a matter of amnesia!” Subaru retorted. “You literally never even did any of
this stuff, so—!”

 

“There isn’t any meaningful difference to speak of there!” Ram snapped. “Memories or not,
present timeline or not — Rem is always Rem, just like Lady Emilia is always Lady Emilia
and Ram is always Ram!” Subaru flinched backwards as she slammed her fist against the
floor. “I don’t care if it was this timeline, or in my memories, or what,” she snarled. “What
you are suggesting is just…!”

 

Subaru stared at her, eyes wide and lips wobbling. Something about this dreadful image
seemed to pull his beloved Nee-sama back to her senses.

 

Ram took a deep breath. Exhaled. “No decent person would look past the responsibility that
comes from a sin like this,” she declared. “And my little sister — is much, much more than
just a decent person.”

 

For her big sister to still have that much faith in her…! Rem couldn’t decide if she had been
cursed or blessed.

 

“As such,” Ram continued. “Rem will not partake in this dance of falsehoods in order to
force that burden upon your shoulders and away from herself, Barusu. …Suggesting that she
would is equivalent to saying that you do not believe that my dear sister is a good person,
after all.”

 

And no matter how much Subaru opened and closed his mouth in the silence of the theater,
he could muster up nothing he coul say to protest that at all.

 

[Rem wiped the blood spatter off of her face, looking up at the sky.]

 



["If I do not get back soon,” she said. “I will be late making dinner.”]

 

Subaru swallowed. He had never really thought about it before, but — dinner preparations
normally began around six, in the Mathers Estate, with them eating around seven. And for
Rem to say that she risked being late, of all people, then the hour must be…

 

Subaru had left the Estate at around eight in the morning, and waited for around eight hours
on the clifftop before her sister had cornered him — at which point it had probably been
around four. If it were now about six o’clock — or even past that, considering Rem’s skill on
working under a time crunch, then…

 

Two, three hours of…?

 

["…Dinner, huh,” Subaru wheezed. “What's on the menu today, huh…”]

 

["Let's see,” Rem pondered. “How about mincemeat pie?"]

 

Wilhelm made the low growling sound of an enraged beast. Otto curled his lip in disgust.

 

Rachins might have found that crass joke funny, in a more detached setting. He hated himself
for that. He really, really…!

 

[“S-Sorry…” Subaru replied hoarsely, flippant to the bitter end. “I think I’ll have to
skip it…”]

 

Ricardo bared his teeth, malice emanating from every hair on his body.

 

“How…” Mimi whispered, her voice trembling under the strength of her rage. Tears were
bearing in the corners of her eyes.

 



“How dare you…?” Hetaro hissed, looking much the same as his sister.

 

In this, Tivey thought, looking much the same as both of his older siblings, they were all in
agreement.

 

[“Are you a member of the Witch Cult?”]

 

[The…what?]

 

Nobody was surprised by this. Subaru had spelled it out for them already, that such a fear was
Rem’s reasoning for — this. They had known since before that agonizing stretch of time had
even begun.

 

But at least she’s finally getting to the point, Anastasia thought coldly. After all this wasted
time and energy, NOW she decides to go ahead and…

 

She was too angry to even finish that thought.

 

["Answer, please,” Rem said. “You are a member of the Witch Cult, yes?"]

 

[Subaru, of course, had never heard of the Witch Cult before. "…What?" he asked.]

 

He doesn’t know anything, Julius thought in despair. Please, please just stop— He doesn’t
even know what you’re asking him—!

 

Reinhard wanted to help him. He wanted to help him so, so badly—

 

But that ground dragon had left its pen a long time ago.



 

["Do not play games with me!" Rem snapped, her enraged voice flaring up in a manner
that it hadn’t once before, in all the time they had seen her prior to this moment.]

 

Finally, Wilhelm snarled. Finally, you’re getting down to brass tactics, then, young lady…? It
sure did take you long enough.

 

Felt kept her mouth shut. If she didn’t, she knew she’d say something she’s regret.

 

Not because it would hurt Rem — but because she knew that it would hurt Subaru by proxy,
and he hadn’t done shit to deserve it.

 

["I don't know them…” Subaru pleaded. “My whole family's atheist to begin with…”]

 

Rom swallowed. He wasn’t — angry, exactly. He had seen men do this and far, far worse,
back during the Demihuman War. Some of them had even been his friends.

 

But that didn’t mean this scene wasn’t enough to make his stomach…

 

["Still denying it?” Rem growled. “It is plain you are involved with the witch. Her
stench is all over you!"]

 

Ferris had been angry for the past — however long. But now he was too tired to be angry.
Now he was just — exhausted, and resigned to waiting until this was over.

 

For however long this had persisted, Crusch had been — angry, but also horrified, and
tearful, and racked with grief for a loss that hadn’t even been her own. But now, all she could
feel was a bitter, bitter rage curdling in her stomach — the sort that she had to bite back with
a vengeance, lest she do something she knew she would regret.

 



["Even if Nee-sama or no one else notices,” Rem snarled, grinding her teeth as she
spoke. “I can smell it on you! The leftover stench of that monster makes me want to spit
in disgust!"]

 

Garfiel wondered if this was what he had sounded like, back in Sanctuary. He wondered if
Subaru had looked at him and seen—

 

He shook his head. There was something more important that he had to—

 

"Big Sis," he said urgently. Frederica heaved. "Big Sis, you need to breathe. You need to..."

 

["I was anxious and angry when I saw you speaking with Nee-sama,” she declared,
voice filled with bitter, undiluted malice. “You, someone involved with the one who put
Nee-sama through so much…weaseling into our precious home—!"]

 

It wasn’t like Otto didn’t understand it, really. He did. Everyone who had heard of the Witch
Cult would have understood…

 

But Subaru was not a witch cultist, and so that understanding did nothing to quell the rage
that threatened to burn his lungs black.

 

["I have been watching you since Lord Roswaal welcomed you…but the entire time, it
hurt to watch you. I could not bear it."]

 

How was this — THING — the girl that Subaru had loved most of all, second only to
Emilia? Beatrice wanted to scream. How could she— How could HE—?!

 

["Even if I knew that the whole time Sister was taking care of you, she was just
pretending to be friendly!"]

 

“What?” Ram gasped.



 

“How could you say that?” Emilia wailed. “How could you say something like that?!
SUBARU LOVES YOU!!”

 

And Rem, horrified and devastated and sick to her stomach, wasn’t able to give her any
answer at all.

 

["—What the Hell…?” Rem suddenly muttered, anger turning into surprise and
confusion.]

 

[Because at some point, Subaru had started to cry.]

 

The noise that came out of Emilia’s throat was somewhere between a whimper, a squeak, and
a sob.

 

["I knew it was…” Subaru sobbed quietly. “Something like that."]

 

Ram sucked in a breath.

 

“No,” she begged, shaking her head, her voice sounding desperate in exactly the way it never
did. She was turning to where her little brother was sitting in the present moment, shaking all
over in the exactly the way she never was. Tears were beading in the corners of her eyes.
“No, Subaru, that’s not—!”

 

Subaru’s eyes were fixed on the meteor. He wasn’t able to listen to anything else anymore.

 

["So that's what it was...” Subaru whimpered. “I knew there was some reason behind
all the kindness. But...I was too afraid to ask..."]

 



Felt had grown up with the knowledge that there was no such thing as a free lunch, and that
everyone was ultimately out for their own self-interests. —But Subaru had not, and Subaru
hardly ever thought of things in terms of what would benefit himself the most. And this was
to his detriment, yes, but there was also something so very wonderful about…!

 

All he had wanted was to be treated with — with even HALF of that kindness in turn. And
yet, this woman had responded to that wish like…?!

 

Rom pressed his lips together. It wasn’t like he didn’t understand where Rem was coming
from, but…distasteful was putting it mildly.

 

With the context of everything that Subaru had gone through to get to this point — those
words sounded almost unforgivable.

 

—Frederica's breathing finally eased. It wasn't because she had come to terms with that awful
scene, or because she had managed to reconcile that sight with what she had previously
assumed that Rem had...

 

No. It was because her anger had finally grown enough to overwhelm her shock, like a
soothing balm of deadly poison.

 

Garfiel swallowed. The look on his sister's face... "F-Frederica?"

 

[These two girls are the ones who drilled the basics of work into my good-for-nothing self,
Subaru reflected. Ram had scoffed at me for struggling with my uniform, Rem had
tailored it and taught me how to put it on, Ram had patiently and painstakingly taught me
characters, Rem had promised to cut my hair and stared at me often afterwards…]

 

And the two of them had just thrown all of it in the trash, hadn’t they? Not like Ricardo could
bring himself to feel sorry for them.

 



But along with all of those wonderful moments — it seemed as though they had ripped apart
a piece of that boy’s soul, and he hadn’t done anything to deserve THAT.

 

[Subaru sniffled. I was so happy, to have people paying attention to me and urging me
on…]

 

What an absurdly childish desire, Anastasia marveled. But it was completely honest, and
true, and it had come straight from the heart. She wasn’t one to mock the desires that one felt
from the very bottom of their heart, no matter how foolish they may be.

 

—Anastasia had been wrong. It wasn’t that Subaru had been lacking in ambition, or resigned
to receiving less than he had wished for, or keeping his eyes on the ground instead of fixed on
the stars. His actions over these past three loops hadn’t been that way at all. The things that
he had been chasing really had been things he had cared about very, very much, for the sake
of nobody but himself.

 

This childish wish was legitimately all that Subaru had wanted, from the very bottom of his
heart — and he couldn’t even have that?

 

Lady Emilia and her retainers — they couldn’t even give him THAT?

 

["I finally learned how to peel veggies without cutting my hand,” Subaru whimpered. “I
learned how to do laundry, right. Didn't finish learning how to clean the place, but…”]

 

Was there anything worse than this, Crusch wondered? Subaru had done everything he could,
to the best of his ability. And he had been stupid and naive, sure, but he had tried so, so hard,
and yet…!

 

“You did a good job,” Mimi croaked out. “You did— You tried your best. And…”

 

And in the end it had meant absolutely nothing at all.



 

[I really couldn't have hoped for more than that in four days, Subaru thought. But — I’d
thought that, if I could just get past those four days, there would be much more to learn in
the days to come….!]

 

Tivey was no stranger to missed opportunities. He had come across many of them in life.
There were many times when he had asked “What if?” and mourned the loss of an answer.

 

But he had never been in a situation like…!

 

Hetaro looked at both of his devastated siblings, and wondered what on Earth he was
supposed to do in a situation like this.

 

["Reading... It's just the simple stuff, but I can do that now,” he choked out. “I studied
like I promised. I read the picture book. It’s all thanks to you two…?”]

 

Emilia sobbed.

 

You kept your promise, she wanted to scream. You kept your promise— You worked so hard to
keep that promise — and THIS is what you got for it?!

 

[“What are you…talking about?” Rem sounded very creeped out.]

 

Ricardo wanted to swear at her. How dare she speak to him in that tone. He loved her so
much, he cared for her so much, he mourned the loss of those precious, precious memories so
very much — and she had responded to that love like THIS?!

 

[“I'm talking about…” Subaru pleaded, lifting his head to look her in the eye. “What
you two have done for me…”]

 



She doesn’t know, idiot.

 

Rachins didn’t say that out loud. He wasn’t that tactless.

 

["I recall no such thing."]

 

Ferris flinched violently at that cold statement. After the past year—

 

Ferris believed that he understood that particular brand of pain well.

 

(But even if she didn’t remember their bond, Cruschie had never…!)

 

["—Why don't you remember?!"]

 

[Subaru’s voice was suddenly very angry. Rem automatically took a step back.]

 

That’s right, Subaru-dono! Wilhelm bared his teeth in agreement. That’s right, get angry, get
ANGRY—!

 

Otto wanted to cry. Otto really, really wanted to cry. But he had to pay attention, because if
Subaru wasn’t going to protect himself from this woman, then the responsibility would fall
to…

 

["Why'd everyone leave me behind?!” Subaru demanded, pleaded, wailed to the sky.
“What did I do to you?! Tell me what I did to you!"]

 

Unexpectedly, Beatrice felt a stake pierce straight through her heart. That mournful, angry,
despairing cry…



 

Hadn’t she been screaming much the same, for all of those 400 years?

 

Garfiel croaked. Before, he had seen himself in — that woman, and it had made him sick.
Now, he saw himself in…

 

Why did this feel even worse, somehow?

 

Emilia buried her face in her hands. Her heavy, devastated sobs continued to echo all
throughout the theater like the thunderclaps of a great storm.

 

[I’ll be ripped to pieces for this, Subaru understood. But I can’t control my emotions
anymore. I can’t take it anymore! I can’t stop shouting! I’ve been summoned here,
subjected to senseless things, and I’ve gritted my teeth and pushed forward in spite of it all
— and for what?! I’ve reached my limit, I can’t—!]

 

Reinhard should have been there. Reinhard should have been there. It was because Reinhard
hadn’t been there, that Subaru had been pushed so far as to—!

 

["What'd I do wrong?!” Subaru begged. “What's wrong with me?! Why do all of you
hate me so much?!”]

 

That pleading cry felt like a knife to the gut. Julius croaked out something intelligible.

 

“You didn’t make any mistakes of great importance,” he wanted to assure. “There’s nothing
wrong with you at all,” he wanted to say. “Nobody worth anything would hate you for being
who you are,” he wanted to declare, “because you have one of the farthest from hatable
personalities that I have ever met.”

 

But he couldn’t bring himself to say anything out loud, and even if he could, it wasn’t like it
would do his poor friend any good. Because everything on that meteor had been said and



done a long, long time ago.

 

[“Even…that promise…” Subaru whimpered. “I've always…!”]

 

Emilia choked out a broken sob. Awful, awful, awful…

 

He had tried so hard to keep his promises this time — and this was what he had gotten for it.

 

[Rem looked utterly lost. “…I—”]

 

How dare she have a look like that on her face, Beatrice snarled. How dare you look like that,
you…you…!

 

Disgusted to her core, Rem felt much the same.

 

["I've always lo—!”]

 

[Subaru was cut off. Some invisible force had slashed clean through his throat, cutting
him off by force. His voice gurgled incoherently, bubbles rising from his mangled throat
as he tried to continue his desperate plea, staring at Rem like a begging dog. Rem stared
back at him, at his mangled throat.]

 

Everyone stared in shocked silence at the grizzly sight. Not a single person could bring
themselves to say a word.

 

[I hear faint breathing and frothing water, Subaru thought. My eyes are going dizzy and
white. My mind is shutting off. Everything is growing distant — no pain, no sadness,
nothing at all…]

 



“Who was…?” Garfiel finally choked out.

 

[But Subaru heard one last thing before his soul left his body.]

 

But it wasn’t like it was difficult to guess.

 

["—My sister is too kind."]

 

Ram made a strangled, choking, horrified noise that nobody would have ever expected to
hear from her in a million years.

 

[Once again, Subaru woke up screaming.]

 

Rom startled backwards, cursing slightly at the nose. He didn’t feel too bad about it. Going
from a ringing silence to an ear splitting screech — everyone in the theater had flinched at
that.

 

[Anguished, agonized screaming filled the room as he tossed and thrashed violently on
the bed, unable to feel his arms and legs. The pain was gone, the scars were gone, his
blood was back, his life was back, and the sudden confusion that came with such a
drastic shift was almost worse than—!]

 

What on Earth could this boy have done, to deserve something like this?! Wilhelm wanted to
tear the world to pieces as vengeance for this grave injustice. At the very least, he wanted to
—!

 

But Subaru had begged him not to, and so Wilhelm would stay where he was no matter how
much it tore him up inside.

 

[I didn’t want to die! Subaru wailed inwardly. I hadn’t wanted to die! I hated it! The pain,
the suffering, the sadness, the fear — I hated all of it!]



 

Emilia wailed a desperate, bestial screaming sound, unable to even form words in response to
that desperate, heart-wrenching, agonizing plea. Why, why, why, why—?!

 

Reinhard should have protected him. Reinhard should have saved him. Reinhard should have
done so, so, so much more than what he actually did. Reinhard had failed in every sense of
the word, and because of that—!

 

Ferris buried his face in his hands. His strangled sob echoed across the theater regardless.

 

—It hadn't just been Rem. It hadn't just been the girl that she couldn't remember. It hadn't,
because right alongside Rem had been...

 

Frederica stared ahead, numb with shock. "...Ram?" she whispered.

 

[Stop it, stop it! I don’t wanna feel, I don’t wanna hear, I don’t wanna see—! I just wanna
push all of it away from me already—!]

 

Beatrice was crying. She wanted to be there, she wanted to hold his hand, she wanted to tell
him that she was on his side and that everything would be oh-kay—

 

But this was a memory, and so there was nothing Beatrice could do.

 

[There was an alarmed shout from somewhere far off in the distance, like someone
desperately trying to calm a wild animal. Subaru didn’t comprehend it.]

 

“Oh no,” Anastasia muttered.

 

Crusch hissed softly, also having instantly understood where that noise must have come from.



 

Felt wondered if she was going to be sick.

 

[It’s useless to listen. Listening will only get me hurt. Listening won’t change a thing—!]

 

Garfiel remembered feeling something similar, back when he had insisted on trapping
himself in Sanctuary, terrified of the outside world.

 

It had been Subaru, who had saved him from that. And now Subaru was…

 

And Subaru had nobody there that he could trust to help him.

 

[But even as he reject it all, color, shape, sound, and feeling all returned to him.]

 

Would it have been kinder, to let Subaru just say dead? Otto felt disgusting for even thinking
such a thing, but…he couldn’t help wondering about it.

 

[I hurt my hand… Subaru thought dimly. The fingernails are broken, and the back of it is
ripped up now…]

 

Julius croaked. Even now, where he should have been safe, why was Subaru always getting
hurt…?

 

But it wasn’t like he should have been thinking of the Mathers Estate as a safe place for him
anymore, now, was it?

 

[Someone is pinning me down, he recognized, slowly losing his adrenaline-fueled
strength to the weight of exhaustion. I can’t move either of my arms or legs, now. I’m
lying face up on a soft bed somewhere. The ceiling is white… And familiar, I think…]



 

Mimi gasped. “He’s right back with—!”

 

Hetaro squeaked. Tivey’s eyes widened.

 

“Oh crap,” Rachins hissed. “Oh crap, those two are gonna be right—!”

 

Garfiel made a small noise, somewhere near the back of his throat.

 

[—Subaru realized it a moment before they spoke.]

 

["Dear Guest, Dear Guest. Have you finally calmed down?"]

 

["Dear Guest, Dear Guest. Have you finally stopped flailing?"]

 

“And there are the psychopaths,” Ferris muttered.

 

Ricardo exhaled slowly through his nose, a terrifyingly calm expression on his face.

 

[Pinned to the bed by two girls who had done the unthinkable to him barely three
minutes earlier, Subaru started to scream once again.]

 

For a long, long moment, nobody spoke.

 

“So,” Lady Crusch finally said. Her clipped voice was icy as she broke through the quiet
tension of the theater. “Ram.”

 



“I’m the one who killed him,” Ram said, before she could even finish her question. Her voice
sounded blank. “And — I was almost certainly the one who sliced off his leg, at the start. I’m
very proficient in Wind Magic, so it wouldn’t have taken much effort on my end at all.”

 

Wilhelm’s eyes were cold. “And that means…” he said.

 

“It means that I would have been there watching,” Ram answered. She wasn’t even trying to
defend herself. What was there to defend? “I would have watched that entire scene, from
beginning to end.” Her hands slowly crawled upwards to bury themselves in her hair,
gripping large handfuls as her eyes slowly filled with horror. “From beginning to end,” she
repeated. “For all that time, I would have just been sitting there and watching as…!”

 

She choked on the last part of that sentence. It was too horrible to say.

 

“…Why?” Garfiel croaked out. The look on his face was one of horrible, horrible betrayal.
At least he himself had never really known Rem — or, he didn’t remember her to the point
where he could say that he had known her — but Ram…! “Ram— why did you…?”

 

"You killed a guest."

 

Ram flinched.

 

The voice that came out from Frederica's throat — the first words she had spoken since the
ground had shifted under her feet — was the sort of voice that she herself had not even
known herself capable of making.

 

"You killed a guest," she repeated. "You killed a boy whom you knew did not know anything,
whom you could have easily restrained and interrogated properly, who would have
immediately told you everything he could had you just approached the situation with— with
your usual calm and level head. You—" She swallowed. "You allowed him to be tortured,"
she hissed out.

 



Ram looked back at her. She was silent.

 

"Why?" Frederica pleaded. Oddly enough, her anger had faded from her voice. This only
twisted the knife further in Ram's chest. "I have known you for ten years, and I never thought
you were the type to..." As the shock faded into cold reality, the icy feeling of betrayal
swallowed her up from head to toe. She shook her head. "Ram, why?"

 

“I don’t know,” Ram finally answered, once it was clear that Frederica was waiting for a
response. A small, crazed smile was tugging at the corners of her mouth. “Maybe I was
suspicious of him myself. Maybe my sister had already decided to act, and I decided it was
preferable to allow her to do as she pleased. M-Maybe I simply couldn’t be bothered to stand
in her way. There are all sorts of things I could have been thinking. But…”

 

“R-Ram,” Emilia pleaded. But what could she expect Ram to say? What more was there for
her to say?

 

Ram swallowed. “But the important thing,” she managed. “Is that I cut off his leg to trap him,
watched my sister torture him for hours, and only — cut it short — once…!

 

Once it had become clear to her that Rem had made a grievous error — at which point Ram
had felt the need to cover her tracks, and hide even Rem herself from that devastating
realization.

 

Unforgivable, Ram thought, dazed by the weight of her own audacity. That is just so
completely, entirely…!

 

“N-Nee-sama?”

 

Ram froze. Subaru — present-day Subaru, in his little glass jar — was watching her with
wide and worried eyes.

 

Ram swallowed, and found herself unable to say anything at all.



 

Subaru took a deep breath, and — smiled at her.

 

“I know — that this is a lot,” he said. “And it was— not great, at the time. But…you can’t
blame yourself for something that you never even did, right?”

 

Ram stared at him, eyes round. The rest of the theater was so quiet you could hear a pin drop.

 

“And anyway—” Subaru took that as his invitation to continue. “You were just trying to
protect Rem,” he said. “Both of you barely knew me, what you did know about me was
suspicious as all Hell, and — I think Rem might have needed the outlet anyway, you know?”
Ram didn’t respond. He kept going. “If she had really realized that she’d — hurt — an
innocent person, she’d never be able to forgive herself. It would hurt her forever. So, I think
you definitely did the right thing. After all, you saved your sister — at the expense of some
nobody who stank of the Witch of Envy and was spying on your Estate with a stolen knife.
That’s fair.”

 

Ram continued to stare.

 

“A-And, it was kind of for my sake, too, you know?” Subaru said, smiling weakly. “Rem had
already done — a lot. Ending it quickly like that was probably the most humane thing you
could have done. Not just for her, but also for…”

 

Ram opened her mouth. Closed it.

 

“It— hurt, at the time,” Subaru admitted. “It hurt a lot. But it was you and Rem, right? And I
love the both of you an awful lot, Nee-sama, so — those are good memories, now. Because
they were of you. I treasure them as much as I treasure everything else, because…I treasure
the two of you an awful, awful lot.”

 

This was true. Ram had known this was true for the entirety of the past year. How could she
ever have suspected anything else?



 

“So — we can just put all this behind us!” Subaru clapped his hands together. “There’s no
point looking back at the past like this, anyway,” he dismissed. “Neither of you would do any
such thing now, after all, and I got over all of this a long time ago. Really, if I had it my way
you’d never have needed to hear about any of this at all, it’s completely irrelevant nowadays.
So…”

 

He looked her full in the face, smiling his usual big smile. Ram saw her own face reflected
back through his dark eyes.

 

“So, with that…can’t we just — let the past be the past?” He laughed. “I know it’s a lot to
look past, but — I really love you guys, you know? So I think it’s totally worth it. Bad times
and all, I still want nothing more than to…”

 

Ram swallowed.

 

“I know it’s not easy,” Subaru admitted. “And — this was probably a really bad shock. But
you were just trying to do the best you could, in circumstances that had no right answers. I
can understand that, Nee-sama, and — I won’t fault you for it, either. You wanted to protect
Rem, and you didn’t want me to suffer anymore. That’s — I can understand that. So, it’s
okay.”

 

Ram didn’t say anything. She just stared back at him.

 

“For us to keep being close — that really is all I want,” he insisted. “Everything else is
secondary. I know there’ll be — things to talk about, probably, and maybe some things to
work out, too. But nothing’s gonna change the fact that you and Rem mean everything to me,
you know? So…”

 

He faltered, because Ram still hadn’t started to say anything to him at all.

 

Subaru swallowed. “Are you gonna answer me, Nee-sama?” he asked, smiling tentatively.
“Don’t leave a guy hanging, geez…!”



 

For a long moment, the room was silent.

 

Then—

 

“What,” Ram snarled. “What the actual FUCK are you talking about, Subaru?”

 

Subaru recoiled, floundering as his eyes went wide and he scrambled for something to say.
“I-I mean,” he stammered, completely taken off guard. “Ram, you’re— I’m telling you that
you don’t have to feel bad about this! Isn’t that—”

 

“No!” Ram snapped. She was gripping her hair hard enough that it was almost tearing itself
out at the roots. Tears were beading at the corners of her eyes. Subaru could only stare up at
her in shock: had he ever seen Ram acting like—? “No, this— this isn’t some sort of
ACCIDENT, you idiot!” she cried. “This isn’t— You can’t just turn and say that you forgive
us for something like this! Not THIS!”

 

“Who— Who says I can’t?!” Subaru demanded. “If I decide that I want to forgive you, isn’t
that my choice to make?!”

 

“Not for something like THIS!” Ram emphasized hotly. “There are certain things that you
shouldn’t be able to just — brush under the rug, and this is—!”

 

“Who are you to make that decision for me?!”

 

“A functioning person, THAT’s who!”

 

The rest of the theater watched quietly, eyes flitting from boy to oni as if observing a tennis
match.

 



“But you’ve forgiven others, haven’t you?” Subaru pleaded. “You forgave Roswaal, right?”

 

Rom blinked slowly. Julius opened his mouth to ask, and then thought better of it and closed
it again.

 

“You forgave him, even after all of—” Subaru shook his head. “So why shouldn’t you give
yourself the same level of grace? If the clown is worth it, then you, too, are—!”

 

“I was of sound mind and body when I — when I cut off your leg, and cut open your throat,”
Ram snapped. “I knew EXACTLY what I was doing, with nothing but my own self to push
me this way or that. It’s a completely different situation, and if I were to be soft on myself for
such a disgusting, disgusting action — how could I ever live with the indignity of such a
choice?!”

 

As the two of them fought, the weight of this revelation sunk further and further into Ram’s
bones, filling her with a deeper and deeper sense of absolute despair.

 

“How do you not get this?!” she snarled. Tears were now racing down her face. She barely
even noticed. “Subaru, how do you not understand what this—?!”

 

—How had it felt, back then? What had she been thinking, back then?

 

How had it felt, when she had severed Subaru’s leg from his body? How easy had it been?
Had she bled from the effort at all, or had it been as simple as cutting a particularly large
carat? When she had aimed it, had she needed to sit there and aim carefully, or had it been a
clear and easy shot? Had she felt satisfied, when he had fallen down and screamed in agony?
Would she had been satisfied, if he had bled out in the dirt then and there — if Rem had
decided against taking the opportunity that Ram had so kindly laid out for her?

 

“Don’t you realize how much I care for you?!” she screamed. “Don’t you realize just how
much I’ve loved you all this time — How do you not get it?! How do you not understand just
how HORRIBLE this is?!”

 



Subaru looked completely lost. “R— Ram—!”

 

“Did you think I hated you?” Ram demanded. Begged. “This whole time — did you think I
despised you? Did you think I really, truly wanted you hurt or dead or gone? You MUST
have, if you thought that I would be in any way—!”

 

What had she been thinking, watching her little sister torture an innocent man? Had she
flinched with every blow? Had she quietly cheered her on, commending her for her skillful
blows? Had she been grimly appreciative of the sound of Subaru’s screams and sobs? Had
she thought he might have information worth torturing out of him? Had she simply been
indulging her sister’s appetite for violence?

 

“How— How can you sit there and say that?” Ram sobbed. Her posture was failing, her
shoulders sinking and her back hunching over under the weight of this disgusting, disgusting
reality. “How can you believe something like that?” she begged. “How can you look at me,
after THAT, and say—!”

 

Could Ram really say that she was not the type to ever do such a thing, when—?!

 

“—Ram.”

 

A male voice broke through their argument, quiet but strong as it skillfully diffused their fight
and ordered both boy and Oni to look his way. Someone had stood up, finally deciding to act
— finally speaking his first words since the unpleasant reveal of Rem’s true nature, as he
finally — far too late — asserted that it was his duty to act on the behalf of that dark-haired
boy.

 

“I’m taking your seat,” Reinhard said simply. “Please — go and sit with my Camp, for the
time being.”

 

Reinhard was normally more of the soft-spoken type, but now — even if he wasn’t shouting,
there was a certain firmness to his voice that served as a clear warning. It caused even those
furthest away from him to stiffen in apprehension, and those closest hurriedly moved to lean
or scooch away in an instinctual desire to escape the path of likely danger.



 

But Ram — the subject of that scary tone — didn’t even flinch. “As you should,” she replied,
her voice even and cold. She got to her feet. “—Rem,” she ordered, grabbing her sister’s
wrist. “Come with me.”

 

And just like that, Ram dragged her sister to the opposite side of the theater. Ram’s chin was
held high, firm and prideful as she moved to do the right thing no matter how much it hurt,
and to be strong no matter what kind of despicable situation her old self had had the gall to
thrust her and her loved ones into. Rem’s eyes were downcast, still muddied with horror and
shock as she grappled with the answer to what kind of person she must have been before —
and what that must mean about who she was now. Everybody’s eyes followed them as they
walked, and walked, and finally sat down, and nobody said a word to them either way.

 

Subaru stared after them with a look of pure devastation, mouth hanging open as he
desperately searched for the right thing to say. But he had already tried so hard, and he
couldn’t think of anything else anymore.

 

(What kind of a failure did that make him, if he couldn’t even protect Rem and Ram from the
results of his own stupid actions…!)

 

“Su…Subaru.”

 

Reinhard had tried to keep his voice soft, but Subaru flinched violently all the same. He
winced.

 

“…None of this is your fault,” he said gently. “Alright? None of it.”

 

Subaru didn’t say anything in return. He didn’t say anything at all. He simply curled into
himself, looking lost and alone and so very, very miserable.

 

—Reinhard should have brought him back to the Astrea Manor, that night at the Loot House.
If he had just taken Subaru with him when he had the chance, then…!



 

But there was no point in dwelling on “what-ifs” like that. The fact was that Reinhard had
failed, and because of that, Subaru had ended up in a situation just like this. There was
nothing that anyone could do to prevent that miserable experience now.

 

“…Subaru loves her,” Emilia croaked. Her eyes looked faded and dull. “Subaru…he told me
he loves her. He told me…”

 

“He told Betty that, too, in fact,” Beatrice replied quietly. “And…Betty knows that he was
telling the truth.”

 

Did that make this worse? What would be worse — for him not to tell them that she was
dangerous, or for him to genuinely not believe such a thing himself? Beatrice really, really
didn’t know…!

 

“…Garfiel?” Otto whispered. “Garfiel, what—?”

 

“If Captain is willing to look past something like this,” Garfiel said hoarsely, looking like a
man in the throws of a horrible, horrible nightmare. “…What other — mistakes — might he
have decided that he’s alright with?”

 

It took the merchant a moment to understand what Garfiel was asking.

 

“Garfiel,” Otto whispered urgently. “Garfiel— I’m sure you didn’t. I’m certain you didn’t do
anything…”

 

…Could he even say that?

 

—It didn’t matter if he could say it or not. Garfiel needed to hear it, right now. And— And
surely that wasn’t the case, right? Because Otto didn’t know Rem, but he knew Garfiel, and
Garfiel wouldn’t—!



 

Frederica felt numb. She knew that she should be helping Otto comfort her little brother, but
she couldn't bring herself to raise a finger. All she could do was sit in silence, reflecting on
the horrible truth that had just been placed before her eyes.

 

“…Nee-sama,” Rem whispered faintly. She felt dizzy.

 

Ram stopped.

 

“Nee-sa—” Did Ram even want her to call her that anymore? Rem shook her head. “Ram,”
she said, and tried to act like it wasn’t cutting her to the bone. “What…?”

 

She trailed off. What was she trying to ask her, here?

 

“…’Nee-sama’ is still fine, Rem.”

 

Rem jolted back to the absurd reality that she had been trying to make sense of.

 

Ram wasn’t looking at her. “No matter what — could have happened, or did happen, or
anything else,” she whispered. “You will always be my beloved little sister.”

 

Rem stared back at her with wide eyes.

 

“But I just—” Ram’s voice cracked. Rem heard her swallow. She turned away, but she wasn’t
able to hide how her breath was shuddering, or how her shoulders were shaking. She didn’t
finish her sentence.

 

“…Oh-kay,” Rem finally replied. She tried to smile at her. It felt weak and feeble. “Nee-
sama.”



 

She thought she heard Ram sob. She pretended that she hadn’t.

 

(Rem might have called her by that title first, but Ram now remembered it as a nickname
associated with someone else. And — she had just lost that person, hadn’t she?)

 

[You don’t get used to the pain and suffering of death, Subaru was reflecting dimly. I’ve
died six times, and this beginning is the worst one, screaming like that… But the pain of
death is just…]

 

(—No. She had lost him several lifetimes ago, and she had nobody else to blame for it. Ram
had torn it all to shreds with her own two hands.)

 

[I kept picking myself up, but — nobody can understand the loneliness, the desolation, the
anguish of— Subaru choked back a sob. I resolved that my heart wouldn’t falter, but even
that resolve just shattered thanks to…!]

 

Anastasia grimaced. Normally she’d slap him for moping and sinking into his own misery
like this. She’d drag him up by the collar of his shirt and force him to stand on his own two
feet, and then she’d shove him forward so that he wouldn’t be able to just lie back down
again.

 

But after something like…

 

[There’s no way I can recover, Subaru moaned. I don’t have the strength to recover.]

 

“C’mon, idiot…!” Felt hissed out. “Don’t just…”

 

This was exactly the kind of attitude that she hated most. —But in a situation like this, could
she really…?

 



["All right, done,” Emilia was saying with a smile. She patted his injured right hand. “I
think it's nicely patched up, but you mustn't thrash around like that, alright?"]

 

Emilia’s gentleness was more what Subaru needed right now, wasn’t it?

 

It wasn’t like Anastasia couldn’t be gentle, but she was much better at giving tough love to
those who threatened to sink down into their own despair. In a situation like this…Lady
Emilia was probably exactly the kind of person that Subaru needed, wasn’t she?

 

["Ram and Rem were really so worried about you,” Emilia offered.]

 

Felt hissed softly. Anastasia grimaced. The entire theater seemed to wince as one. But it
wasn’t like Emilia could have known.

 

Nobody did. Not even Rem and Ram.

 

[Subaru flinched at the mention of their names. Though — they both retreated
immediately in the face of my disgraceful behavior, he reflected. Leaving things to Emilia
instead.]

 

How could someone call crying out like that disgraceful? Crusch stared up at the meteor,
aghast at such a dehumanizing thought process.

 

There were many disgraceful things about this situation, but Subaru screaming and crying in
response to this whole mess was not one of them.

 

[Emilia blinked at his reaction to the names of the maids, but then softly shook her
head.]

 

[“They’re feeling unusually down, thinking they may have offended you somehow,” she
prodded gently. “How about you say something to them next time you see them?"]



 

“I don’t think Natsuki-san would have anything to say to them,” Otto muttered, too quietly
for Subaru to hear him.

 

Garfiel swallowed. He loved Ram, he did, but…!

 

Did this make him a bad friend? Was he being a bad friend to Subaru, or to Ram? Garfiel
didn’t know. He almost wished he had never found any of this out in the first place, and he
hated himself for it.

 

["Offended, huh? No, they didn't do anything.” Subaru swallowed. “…There's nothing
between those people and me."]

 

Ram felt as though she had been stabbed in the heart, and she hated herself for it.

 

Like she had the right to feel hurt, after…!

 

[Emilia grimaced at his insensitive tone, but she didn’t press. Subaru barely even
seemed to notice.]

 

Julius noticed, but he didn’t say anything. Pushing Subaru to be more sensitive at a time like
this would be beyond tactless on his part. It would be more akin to — disgusting, maybe, or
abhorrent, or a complete and utter disgrace.

 

["Hey, Emilia,“ Subaru forced out, looking so completely defeated. “Do you...think I'm
a bother?"]

 

Reinhard inhaled sharply. Wilhelm swallowed. Julius croaked something out, his eyes
watering in anguish. How could anyone ever think that Subaru was—!

 



“That’s your first…?” Rem whispered, eyes wide with disbelief.

 

Of all the things he could be worrying about at this moment — THAT was what he had
decided was worst of all?

 

Emilia sucked in a breath, but before she could say anything—

 

["How could I think you're a bother?” her onscreen self retorted.]

 

Emilia paused.

 

[“You saved my life, Subaru,” the silver-haired half-reminded him. “What are you
supposed to do if someone you owe a debt to just gets up and leaves? It'd really put me
in a bind."]

 

Beatrice sighed. “Of course,” she murmured. “What other answer could that girl possibly
give him, I wonder?”

 

Otto’s eyes softened. He knew he shouldn’t have expected anything else — but after a shock
like that, he has almost wondered if…

 

At least Lady Emilia could still be trusted, Garfiel thought dully. At least Emilia was still…

 

Emilia exhaled slowly. And very slowly, the ghost of a smile began to float across her face
once again.

 

That’s right…

 



["Whoa,” Subaru whispered. His eyes were wide, as if he were soaking in every last
detail of Emilia’s face and voice. “I was seriously..."]

 

Frederica felt twin trails begin to fall down either side of her face.

 

Ah, she realized. I'm crying, aren't I?

 

Ram smiled, just a little bit. At least Baru— At least Subaru had managed to regain that
much.

 

Rem didn’t know what she felt. Relief? Envy? Anguish?

 

It was herself who had placed Subaru in such an awful position, and it was Emilia who had
pulled him back to his feet. Should she focus on the actions of others and feel grateful, or
should she focus on the actions of herself and feel ashamed?

 

But either way — Rem believes that she had perhaps not paid enough attention to Lady
Emilia.

 

Despite being — a candidate for royalty, apparently — everything that Rem had seen of
Emilia so far had painted her as a ditzy, naive, incapable girl. She was treated like a child by
her own sponsor, spent every day huddled up in her room studying books instead of taking
charge for herself, showed total ignorance to the going-ons within her own household… To
be entirely frank, Rem had begun to question if this woman was capable of leading a nation
at all.

 

Yet, for all her flaws, Emilia was the one who had managed to tell Subaru exactly what he
needed to hear, at exactly the moment he needed to hear it most. Wasn’t that such a
wonderful thing?

 

[Emilia hit the nail on the head, huh? Subaru thought to himself. To stop thinking of your
benefactor as your benefactor is the lowest thing you can do.]



 

“Tha— That’s right,” Emilia said softly. A smile started to form on her face. “And because of
that, I’d never think of you like…”

 

[Inwardly, he scoffed at himself in disgust. —And here I was, doubting…]

 

Emilia’s smile faltered. “That’s not…”

 

Don’t blame yourself for THAT, she wanted to say. Nobody could blame you for THAT. Not in
a situation like…

 

(Emilia was not the only one with such thoughts. Anastasia couldn’t help but curl her lip.)

 

[Emilia is the only oasis I have in this uncertain world, Subaru concluded . I’ve lost
everything else I’ve set his heart upon. I have nowhere else to turn.]

 

Crusch — wasn’t sure how she felt about that sentiment. She understood it, she felt that she
understood it very well, but…

 

That seemed like the sort of mindset that would cause problems, down the line.

 

(Ferris didn’t think about it all that much. It seemed like one of Subaru’s most normal
thoughts so far, as far as he was concerned, and so he allowed it to pass him by without
giving it so much as a second glance.)

 

[—Should I tell Emilia about Return by Death?]

 

The entire theater sucked in a breath.

 



“You’re going to—?” Emilia shook her head. “Yes,” she begged, momentarily forgetting that
this was a lost cause in her desperation for a happy ending. “Yes, Subaru, please — just tell
me what’s going on—!”

 

["That's right…” Subaru realized.]

 

Frederica blinked slowly.

 

Beatrice’s eyes widened. “He’s going to—!”

 

Ram stared. Please, she pleaded. Please, Subaru, just…!

 

(It hurt so badly, that she already knew that her hoping for that outcome was a lost cause.)

 

[I’ve been trying to do everything on my own so far — but all I’ve achieved are a bunch of
dead ends.]

 

Crusch nodded. That’s right, she whispered inwardly. That’s right, Subaru. Be honest and
true and open with the people around you, and everything will…!

 

[Subaru took a deep breath. Breaking through that stalemate requires fundamental
change.]

 

“That’s right,” Felt growled. “That’s right. When things aren’t going your way, you fight and
struggle and claw your way up and make it so that…!”

 

[So, maybe the answer is to ask a trusted third party for…?]

 



When she was younger, Anastasia would have sneered at the idea of ASKING someone for
help. Now that she was a woman and not a girl, she understood the value of helping hands as
something fundamental to a fulfilling life, and she couldn’t help but lean forward eagerly as
Subaru figured that out for himself.

 

That’s right, she whispered inwardly. That’s right, Subaru. Just reach out and…!

 

["—Emilia,” Subaru said, hope seeming to rekindle itself in his voice. “There’s
something I want to tell you."]

 

Part of Ricardo wanted desperately for Subaru to do exactly that. The reason why it was only
part of him was because he — he didn’t want to know why—

 

It wasn’t like the mercenary captain didn’t already understand that there was a reason why
Subaru hadn’t—

 

[Emilia sat back down in her chair, face tense as she prepared to listen to what he had to
say.]

 

Rom understood grimly that Subaru had never told Emilia, at the end of the day. He
wondered if he was about to see why that was the case.

 

[How do I even start…? Subaru wondered. Is this something that happens to anyone else
in this world? —It’s a pretty funny story, actually, so maybe Emilia will think it’s just a big
joke…]

 

“Of course not,” Julius hissed, looking disgusted at the very thought. “Nobody would laugh
at something like…!”

 

She wouldn’t, Reinhard knew. She’d never. Not Lady Emilia.

 



[But Emilia will listen to me tell it, wouldn't she? Subaru thought. Right until the end.]

 

Of course she would, Ferris knew. Of course Lady Emilia, of all people, would…!

 

[Subaru swallowed. That hope is…]

 

His light in the dark, no doubt. Probably one of the only things keeping him going. Wilhelm
understood that feeling well.

 

—Which is why it hurt so much, that he knew this was a futile effort from the very start.

 

(But at least now Wilhelm was going to learn why exactly that was.)

 

(Was it because of that blue-haired girl, perhaps…?)

 

[Okay, Subaru nodded, gearing himself up. I’ll talk to her about Return by Death. …And
I’ll hope that she lends me her strength, in turn.]

 

Isn’t that the dream? Rachins thought. But he couldn’t deny that he was hoping for it, too.

 

“He’s going to—!” Mimi whispered, eyes filling with hope. Hetaro had a similar look on his
face.

 

Tivey, however, frowned. If Subaru had…

 

Then why hadn’t Lady Emilia already known about all this?

 



[Already receiving her gratitude, and here I am making another request? —But that’s
okay. We’ll fight against Fate and win, together.]

 

“Do it,” Garfiel pleaded. “Captain, please, just—!”

 

Rem swallowed. If anyone deserved to know, it was Lady Emilia.

 

Please, she begged. Please, just tell her what I did…!

 

“Please,” Emilia croaked out hoarsely. She was leaning on the edge of her seat. “Please,
Subaru — just ask me for…!”

 

—Otto didn’t trust this. If Subaru had already told Emilia once, then…?

 

There was a reason why Subaru had never told anyone, in the end. Frederica braced herself.
If Ram, of all people, had been capable of such cruelty, then surely even Lady Emilia—

 

["Emilia,” Subaru began. “I ca—”]

 

[And then, suddenly, time appeared to stop.]

 

“Ah?” Mimi blinked. Tivey frowned.

 

Hetaro cocked his head. “What happened?”

 

“Eh?” Garfiel asked. “What happened? What’s—?”

 



Frederica blinked. ...What?

 

“What the fuck?!” Rachins demanded.

 

[Sound is gone. What happened to the sound? —Movement is gone, too.]

 

Otto took a deep breath and exhaled, bracing himself for — whatever was to come next.

 

This — would be why Natsuki-san never said anything.

 

[Subaru’s thoughts started to become panicked. I can’t move. I can’t speak. The next
second is simply not arriving. Why has only my mind persisted? What’s…?]

 

Wilhelm felt every muscle in his body stiffen. After all that, Subaru was still…?

 

Just what was going to happen to him NOW?

 

[What’s that black cloud? Why is it the only thing that’s moving?]

 

Ricardo inhaled sharply. He had no idea what the Hell that thing was, but he knew danger
when he saw it.

 

And Ricardo may have been a mercenary, but Subaru was completely—

 

[I can’t even blink— I can’t look away—!]

 

Subaru couldn’t do anything. He couldn’t do ANYTHING.



 

And Reinhard was nowhere to be—!

 

[Is that…a hand?]

 

Julius had to bite back a loud swear, his eyes flying wide.

 

Petelgeuse wasn’t anywhere nearby, right? So…what the Hell was something like THAT—

 

And why was it—?!

 

[It’s coming towards my—?!]

 

[The black fingers reached for Subaru’s chest and crawled right inside.]

 

Crusch caught herself from swearing just in time, her eyes flying wide. What on Earth—?!

 

Anastasia had grown up as a young girl in the Kararagi slums — and as one who had been
particularly adorable, to boot. Anastasia understood the dangers of…

 

The woman gritted her teeth until she thought she felt a crack.

 

[I can feel it straight in my soul, Subaru’s mind gasped, filled with discomfort and
unease.]

 

Ferris had tampered with people’s mana before. It was how he healed them, after all: he
invaded their systems with his own mana, exploring every inch of them as he mingled his
soul with their own and sewed them back up from the inside-out.



 

Somehow, Ferris had the feeling that this — thing’s — intentions were far less benevolent.

 

Frederica stared. She couldn't even bring herself to be frightened. This was so surreal, she
could barely even register it as a real thing. Was all of this a dream, perhaps? 

 

Beatrice couldn’t imagine the thought of something so forcefully invading her soul like this.
She couldn’t even imagine—!

 

[Brushing against my internal organs, stroking my rib cage…why won’t it stop moving?
Why is it going deeper, deeper into my…?]

 

Felt felt her skin crawling. This was…

 

Felt had grown up in the slums, and while she had been protected from more — adult —
experiences by both Old Man Rom and the local brothel women, she had still been aware of
their existence. And of the threat they posed, too.

 

And the way Subaru was describing this…

 

Felt didn’t like it. Felt really, really didn’t like it.

 

[ Hey, hold on here, Subaru wanted to say.]

 

Leave him alone, Rem wanted to beg.

 

[ This isn’t funny, Subaru wanted to say.]

 



Leave him alone! Ram wanted to snarl.

 

[The hand took ahold of Subaru’s heart — and it SQUEEZED.]

 

Emilia screamed. “SUBARU!”

 

The rest of the theater burst into pandemonium.

 

[OW! Owowowowow! Why does this hurt? Why does it hurt so much?! But that question is
pointless, nobody needs to think about—!]

 

“Subaru—!” Julius cried.

 

“Stop it!” Mimi yelled. “Stop it, stop it—!”

 

“SUBARU!” Wilhelm shrieked.

 

“What the Hell?! What the HELL—?!” Rachins screeched.

 

“NATSUKI-SAN!”

 

“Cap— CAPTAIN!”

 

Frederica said nothing. She couldn't say anything. All she could do was stare.

 

[I want to scream. I want to writhe. My very soul is being crushed—!]



 

“Stop it!” Beatrice screamed. “Stop it, STOP IT—!”

 

“Let go of that!” Ram shrieked. “Let go, let go, let go! Let go of him! HASN’T HE HAD
ENOUGH?!”

 

Emilia couldn’t even form words, she was wailing so terribly. It was a horrible, miserable
sort of sound.

 

—Rom suddenly realized something.

 

“Subaru.”

 

The room had filled with screams, but even though he wasn’t shouting, the old man’s voice
echoed clear across the din. And even though he hadn’t shouted, everyone else’s horrified
voices dried out at the sound of his own.

 

Subaru was looking back at him. His eyes were glazed and dull. Rom grimaced. He didn’t
want to pressure him when he was in such a sorry state — but unfortunately, he feared that
this was important.

 

“Subaru,” Rom said. “You’re shrouded in the Witch’s Scent, right?”

 

[There’s only suffering. There is only suffering. It hurts so bad.]

 

After a moment, Subaru nodded. “Yes,” he confirmed quietly.

 

“Do you know if the scent — ever increases?” Rom asked. “Are there conditions that, if
met…”



 

He trailed off, but from the look on Subaru’s face, he had gotten the point. The boy
swallowed.

 

“Y-Yes,” he admitted quietly. “It increases every time I — die.” He shifted where he sat. “…
And if I try to tell anyone about it — like here — then…”

 

Anastasia inhaled sharply. Felt’s eyes widened. Julius nearly collapsed in his seat, looking
aghast. Audience members across the room began to realize what that meant.

 

Rom nodded. “Thank you,” he said, and he meant it. “That’s all I wanted to know.”

 

[My mind is fraying, twisting, falling apart. This pain is pulling me apart. I can’t think.
What is thinking like—?]

 

“Eh? What?” Garfiel blinked. “What just…?”

 

“The Hell you mean, that’s all you wanted to know?!” Rachins yelled.

 

“What did you want to know?” Mimi demanded. “What’s going on?”

 

“So the Witch of Envy is watching him, then,” Anastasia answered in a clipped tone. “If he
dies, she brings him back. And if he tries to let anyone know what she’s doing…”

 

Everyone’s eyes widened as they all figured it out.

 

—Rem made a small noise.

 



So, the entire reason she had suspected Subaru in the first place was because…

 

[“—baru?” Emilia called out.]

 

…because an unknown, unseen threat had been selfishly tormenting him beyond everyone
else’s perception?

 

Rem had tortured him — because of THAT?

 

[Everything started again, and it was as if nothing had ever stopped at all.]

 

Mimi stared up at the meteor, uncomprehending. Tivey sat by her side, a similar look on his
face.

 

“…What?” Hetaro asked meekly.

 

[Subaru gasped, clutching his aching heart.]

 

Rachins could only agree with that sentiment, himself. But unlike that triplet, he couldn’t
bring himself to say a word.

 

["Subaru, what's wrong?” Emilia asked, her hands on his thighs as she stared at him
intently.]

 

Rom could feel a migraine coming on. All of that, and Subaru couldn’t even…?

 

How was he still sane?

 



[“Don't go all quiet like that. It worries me…!”]

 

Julius could only sit and stare, a feeling of pure devastation weighing down his stomach.

 

Subaru was placed in a situation this awful — and he wasn’t even allowed to ask the people
around him for help?

 

[I can move now, Subaru understood. My heart is still beating. I can speak. I can’t feel
any pain.]

 

It had been a while since Ricardo had felt this horrifically exhausted, down to his very bones.
There was nothing good at all about this situation, was there?

 

[But that fear… And despair crept back into his mind as Subaru’s one hope was ripped
to shreds. I can’t shake it. Just the thought of defying that thing again is just…!]

 

Anastasia already knew what Subaru was going to do next.

 

In any other situation, she would have scowled down at him. In any other situation, she
would have barked for him to get back up, to stop moping around, to grab his own fate by the
throat and make it his own.

 

But this wasn’t any other situation, and Anastasia was utterly exhausted.

 

["—Wh-What’s wrong?” Emilia tried to coax, her eyes wide with concern. “You've
been acting weird since earlier. If something’s wrong—”]

 

Something was wrong. Something was horrifically wrong.

 



And Reinhard had done nothing — could do nothing — to save Subaru from that Hell.
Wasn’t that right?

 

[“—I want to ask you a favor,” Subaru whispered, eyes dull and glazed.]

 

Just like Anastasia, Felt had already realized what Subaru was going to say next. And just
like Anastasia, this was the exact sort of loser attitude that Felt despised above everything
else.

 

—That was normally what Felt would say, in this sort of situation. But Felt wasn’t heartless.
And in these circumstances…

 

What kind of absurdly fucked up scenario was this?

 

[I can’t face her, Subaru thought. If I face her now, there’s no telling what I might say…]

 

Crusch believed that people should always hold their chins high, facing those to whom they
speak with open eyes and open ears and open hearts. Anything less was pure disrespect — to
the one being spoken to, and to the one who was doing the speaking.

 

But in a situation this bitter, where a collar had been tightened so threateningly around the
throat…!

 

[I’ll throw away everything, Subaru thought listlessly.]

 

Sick.

 

That was the only word that Ferris had for this entire situation. It was sick. Absolutely sick.
Sick, sick, sick—!

 



He hated that helpless look in Subaru’s eyes, of a person who had given up on life itself. He
hated the situation that the man was in, with a life that refused to end and death that refused
to let him rest — and a throat that refused to let him so much as cry out for help. He hated
Rem and Ram, who had butchered him so sadistically before discarding him as though his
life wasn’t worth a thing. He hated Lady Emilia for doing nothing to prevent it then, and for
not understanding the situation now. He hated the Witch of Envy and he hated her one-
thousandfold what he had before. He hated and he hated and he hated—!

 

Ferris buried his head in his knees, too exhausted to even cry.

 

[I’ll throw away everything I want to say, and everything I want to hear.]

 

There was a time Wilhelm had thrown away everything he wanted to say, and so his late wife
had never heard everything she wanted to hear. Wilhelm had not properly said those words
until fourteen years after her passing.

 

Wilhelm had never even considered the thought that Subaru could ever hesitate to say what
he wanted to say or fight to hear what he wanted to hear. The very thought felt — unnatural.
And yet here that scene was before his eyes and ears, and it was terrifying.

 

[There’s just one thing I need to ask of her, now…]

 

Otto already knew what Subaru was going to ask of Lady Emilia. And he didn’t have a word
he could say, about what Subaru could have or should have asked for instead — because
there was no way he could even begin to imagine a situation this…!

 

[“…Don’t have anything to do with me.”]

 

Once again, Garfiel saw his old self lying in Subaru’s place. Once again, Garfiel wondered if
this is what Subaru had seen, that week in the Sanctuary.

 



Once again, Garfiel found himself disgusted — by himself, by the people he loved, by the
world at large — and by everything else, too.

 

[Emilia looked shocked and hurt by this request, but Subaru wasn’t looking at her. He
had — curled up on the bed, turning his back so that he didn’t have to see her face.]

 

Beatrice looked at her contractor lying alone in his room, ready to shut everyone else out so
that he could waste away all on his own. And just like Garfiel, Beatrice saw someone else
lying there in his place.

 

Frederica shakily pulled her knees up close to her chest. Surrounded by a world that had gone
utterly mad, that was all the maid could bring herself to do.

 

[There was one thing I realized, when that palm touched me…]

 

Ram gripped her arms so hard it hurt, biting her lip until she tasted blood.

 

How could she have done something like…?

 

And what kind of sick, sick joke was it — that Subaru had never been allowed to so much as
yell at her for it?

 

[I’m not permitted to break free, Subaru thought, with a sense of utter defeat.]

 

Rem had learned a lot today. About the world, about the boy, and about herself.

 

This world was a cruel and violent place, with no sense of decency or fairness or anything
good and just. The boy was the helplessly forgiving sort who existed to suffer, and to suffer
in silence, and to be blamed for his suffering as if he had done something wrong for it. …And
Rem had been exactly the sort of sadistic, volatile, and dangerous person that she had
mistaken Subaru for when she had first opened her eyes.



 

[I am alone. And I will remain alone.]

 

Emilia stared up at the meteor in silence.

 

Nobody knew what Emilia was thinking, exactly. But it wasn’t difficult to understand that it
was nothing pleasant.

 

Subaru’s fourth loop in the manor began. Nobody could answer the question of how many
more they might have left to go.

Chapter End Notes

And there we go! :D

I’m sure there’s more to say about this scene, more conversations for the characters to
have. But, in the heat of the moment…there’s only so much they can muster, you know
:)



Chapter 11: Animal (Arc 2, Part 6)
Chapter Summary

Subaru’s fourth loop in the Manor is complicated.

Chapter Notes

Just a quick thing, y’all — I don’t wanna make a big deal of this, but could some of you
tone down the malice you’re showing other folks in my comments section? I get emails
every time one of you makes a swipe at someone else and I never know what to do
about it, or if I should get involved, or…when y’all get like, really personal with your
insults towards each other it just gets uncomfortable, man. Lighthearted teasing is fine,
even arguing is fine — but bullying isn’t cool, alright? I know it can be hard to
communicate tone over text, lmao, but just — try to be mindful of how things might
come off when talking to one another, yeah?

Anyway — onto the next chapter!

See the end of the chapter for more notes

[“I shall treat you as a guest for as looong as you prefer,” Roswaal said, standing by
Subaru’s bedside.]

 

[He’s appraising me like an expensive vase… Subaru thought dimly. Is this the first time
he’s looked at me like that? Or did it happen before, and I just didn’t…]

 

He was suspicious of everything now, wasn't he? Though, it wasn’t like Crusch could blame
him for that. Even if it hurt her heart.

 

Otto’s eyes narrowed. —What HAD the Margrave been thinking, back then…?

 

By her own admission, Rem had acted on her own. Ram had helped her, but it seemed to
have been more or less her own decision to enable her younger sister. Roswaal, meanwhile,



had…allowed Subaru to take advantage of his hospitality, either as a new manservant or as a
guest, and not much else.

 

Roswaal didn’t seem to have been plotting anything, back then. But Otto didn’t trust that
conclusion at all. —After all, this was the first time that Subaru had noticed that the
Margrave was looking at him with that sort of glint in his eye.

 

—Otto was suspicious, but Anastasia was not. It would make sense, for a Lord to look at a
new, unusual guest in his abode so inquisitively, especially after said guest had saved his
sponsored Candidate for seemingly nothing at all. As far as Anastasia was concerned, that
boy’s paranoia was misplaced.

 

Though, she really couldn’t blame him for being paranoid in a situation like this.

 

Frederica had no opinions about anything anymore. She had no reason to think that she could
form anything resembling a reasonable thought, when the world itself had been turned on its
head.

 

"Big Sis..." Garfiel trailed off. He didn't know what there was to say.

 

"I'm alright, Garf." Frederica didn't look at him. "Please — don't worry about me."

 

[The details don’t matter anymore, Subaru dismissed, defeated. If I leave the mansion,
they’ll shut me up for good. But even as dead weight in the mansion, they may still grind
me to mincemeat… I’ve just been guaranteed a Bad End, haven’t I?]

 

Anastasia didn’t like that line of thinking. “Guaranteed to fail” — that was the attitude of
hopeless personalities who would never do anything with their lives. Though, in a situation
like this…

 

“It’s not like I can blame him for feeling that way,” Felt muttered. “I hope it doesn’t stick for
long, but…”



 

That experience with the twins — it had simply been that disgusting, that neither of the two
Royal Candidates who looked down upon such hopeless personalities more than anything
else in the world could blame Subaru for feeling so utterly defeated.

 

[Subaru lay still on top of his bed. He wasn’t moving much, but his breathing was quick
and ragged. His eyes began to drift shut from exhaustion.]

 

He looks horrible, Crusch couldn’t help thinking in anguish. He looks —

 

Context put this comparison in very poor taste, but — as he was right now, Crusch couldn’t
help but think that Subaru looked like a living corpse.

 

Wilhelm stared at the screen, aghast. He too, refused to say it out loud — but even if he
didn’t know it, Wilhelm was having much the same thought as his Lady.

 

[But before Subaru could fall asleep—]

 

Ferris shrieked loudly. “NO!”

 

[Subaru had used a feathered pen to gouge open the back of his other hand.]

 

The theater exploded into pandemonium as everyone realized what was going on.

 

Mimi cried out, momentarily forgetting that she was watching something that had already
long happened and reaching for the meteor. Tivey had to pull her back on his own, because
Hetaro was too busy staring up at the scene in horror. Anastasia froze for a moment before
shaking her head and grabbing all three of them, pulling them close. Crusch wanted to do the
same to her knight, but she found herself unable to break free of the grasp of her shock.

 



“What a scene,” Ricardo said with a grimace. Rom exhaled slowly. Julius swallowed, unable
to reply. Wilhelm felt something very cold crawling up his spine.

 

Rachins bit into his cheek so hard he started to bleed. Felt noticed. “Oh, don’t you start,” she
hissed, eyes somewhat frantic. “Don’t YOU start this shit, too—!”

 

Reinhard stared at the meteor and wondered what he was supposed to be feeling right now.

 

—Ram didn’t have the right to be horrified. She didn’t have the right to be angry. She didn’t
have the right, she didn’t have the right—!

 

Her nails dug into her arms until they bled. Rem noticed. “Nee-sama—!” she gasped.

 

Garfiel croaked something out. He felt faint. He had never been bothered by the sight of
blood before, but somehow, this was just…!

 

Otto stared at the meteor, mute and expressionless. Only Garfiel could tell that he was
trembling where he sat.

 

Frederica reached out. She could barely feel it, when her fingers brushed against her little
brother's shoulder. Everything felt far, far away.

 

“Wha—” Emilia choked out, eyes wide and unseeing. “What?”

 

Of all the things she could have expected Subaru to do—

 

Beatrice stared, unable to move. Even back then, he…?

 



But somehow nobody, not even Subaru’s closest friends, had a worse reaction to this sight
than—

 

“How dare nyew?” Ferris snarled, whipping around to stare at Subaru with a look of anger
and anguish. Subaru flinched slightly. “How DARE nyew do something like—!”

 

“Ferris,” Julius interrupted firmly.

 

His voice was such that, even as anguished as he was, Ferris was brought to a halt.

 

“…This was a very specific situation,” the Knight of Knights finally said, in a quiet voice.
“And — it was a while ago. For both of these reasons…”

 

—Ferris knew that Julius was correct. Logically, he knew that he was correct.

 

But still…!

 

Ferris curled in on himself, clutching handfuls of hair in his two hands.

 

[I have to stay awake, Subaru thought, pained. If I sleep, I dunno what I’ll wake up to…]

 

Rom winced. That would be a concern, yes.

 

Rachins stared, exhausted. That line of thinking bugged him, for some reason, but he wasn’t
even able to protest it.

 

[Subaru’s eyelids drooped again. He gouged into the back of his hand again. This
process repeated itself as he lay there, doing nothing else.]



 

—This was a man who had been turned into an animal, Ricardo understood.

 

He had seen similar expressions, back in Kararagi — mainly during his time as a slave. Men
who had been subjected to such grueling treatment, such inhumane conditions, that they were
stripped of their pride, their ambition, their very souls. Men turned into creatures that could
think of nothing but crawling onwards to the next day.

 

And in this case, the culprits who had turned this boy into an animal were people who he had
—!

 

“Don’t…” Mimi said meekly, her eyes pained. “Don’t do something like…”

 

“Onee-chan,” Tivey whispered.

 

“That’s not helping,” Hetaro whimpered, watching as Subaru stabbed himself once again.
“You’re not…”

 

But of course, there was nothing any of them could do.

 

Ram stared up at this disgusting scene, and all that she could think was that she and her sister
were the ones who—

 

[I already died three times, Subaru thought dimly. What happens if I die a fourth time? I
might never come back.]

 

There was no need to worry about that, Otto thought grimly. —We already know that this is a
failed loop, and we already know that he’s here today.

 

The comfort that came from that knowledge couldn’t really be called a comfort at all.



 

[…I don’t know how to avoid death, but — I don’t wanna die.]

 

A creature that could think about nothing except the fear of death. That was what Subaru had
been reduced to. Wilhelm stared at the screen and gritted his teeth so hard he wondered if he
felt them crack.

 

A life that exists only to exist, because there isn’t any particular reason to die. Ferris
remembered how that felt, for the first years of his life in that dark and dirty hole in the
basement. The memory brought up a confusing storm of emotions as he saw that feeling
reflected before him once again, and he didn’t know what to do except grip his hair and try
desperately not to cry.

 

All Subaru wanted was to live, and he couldn’t even have that — in no small part because
Reinhard hadn’t been there to save him.

 

[Seeped in distrust and desperation to live, Subaru — existed, and nothing else. But the
pain in his hand was an affirmation of his existence, and so over the course of several
hours, he continued to gouge out that wound to affirm his continued existence.]

 

“Affirmation of his existence,” Anastasia muttered. What a sour sort of affirmation that was.
An existence affirmed by something like that — would such a thing be worth anything at all?

 

—Anastasia didn’t really have the right to say that it wasn’t worth anything. She stroked
Mimi’s hair, allowing the demihuman to clutch at her dress. For that boy to be so desperate
for any sort of affirmation of his continued existence…

 

She hated it, how much she could understand that desperation. She wanted to say that the
context didn’t matter, that this was a despicable thing regardless — but she couldn’t, and she
hated it.

 

Emilia watched with a blank expression as Subaru continued to carve himself up. She didn’t
know what this feeling in her chest was, but she felt as though it were clawing her open with



every stab of Subaru’s feather pen.

 

—It was bad enough that Beatrice had seen him like this. Subaru wished that this pathetic
moment of his, at least, could have remained private. He wondered if he would be able to
look anyone in the eye again after this.

 

["You certainly have a cowardly look about you,” Beatrice’s voice suddenly
interrupted.]

 

“—Ah.” Emilia blinked slowly. She went to see him…?

 

[Subaru looked up to see the Great Spirit watching him as if he were a wild beast.]

 

Beatrice’s lip wobbled. The way her alternate self was looking at him made her want to…

 

["—So it's you this time?" Subaru asked hoarsely. The change in circumstance
frightened him, adding an undertone of hostility. Maybe I’m voicing my feeling that the
world is cursed.]

 

It’s not like Crusch could blame him for thinking something like that. It seemed as though,
ever since he had come here, he had been faced with nothing but…!

 

Even that little change was enough to scare him like this. Garfiel stared, aghast. He had never
thought he’d see his Captain in such a sorry state. It— It had always seemed as though
Subaru were above such things.

 

—Did that assumption make Garfiel part of the problem, here?

 

["What an incorrigible fool,” Beatrice sighed. “To waste away like this in the span of a
day or two."]



 

["No one asked you,” Subaru retorted in a sullen tone. “What'd you come for?"]

 

What HAD she come to him for? Ram remembered that Beatrice had almost never left the
library, before Subaru had begun to forcefully drag her out.

 

Frederica couldn't bring herself to be angry at Beatrice anymore.

 

After all, compared to what her dear friend... And what her dear friend's sister...

 

["Bubby and that little girl asked me to pay you a visit,” Beatrice said.]

 

“Ah,” Ram said, the ghost of a smile crossing her face. “Of course.”

 

If there was one being from whom the old Beatrice had never been able to refuse a request, it
would have been—

 

["Puck,” Subaru said. “And…Emilia?"]

 

["You were acting oddly since you awoke, I suppose, so they suspected that I had done
something to you when you first woke up.” Beatrice scowled. “A rather rude suggestion,
if I may say so."]

 

Well, she was right, Crusch supposed. Beatrice was innocent, here. It wasn’t anyone’s fault,
but — the Great Spirit was getting the brunt of the blame for something that wasn’t actually
her fault.

 

“Poor Beatrice,” Felt sighed, resting her cheek against her palm. “Getting saddled with the
blame for something she never even did…”



 

Subaru, however, was thinking about something different.

 

[Surely my heartless words had hurt Emilia, he was thinking. But she was still so
concerned for me — that she spoke directly to Beatrice? And so Puck begged her to help
me, and now she’s…]

 

Frederica felt herself scowling. She wasn't really sure why.

 

[Even if Beatrice herself was reluctant, Subaru’s heart warmed, just a tiny bit.]

 

“Of course I would have been concerned,” Emilia said softly. “If you had…”

 

Behavior like this — even if Emilia had no idea who Subaru was, she would be able to tell
that something was terribly, terribly wrong. Screaming when he woke up, shying away from
everyone, wanting desperately to reach out to her before abruptly pivoting to shoving her
away, refusing to so much as leave his bed… She likely wouldn’t have even cared about his
request to leave him alone as anything more than another sign of how scared and hurting he
must be.

 

(And in any case — Emilia had certainly heard much, much worse, from people of much,
much sounder minds.)

 

["Got it. I'm all right now.” Subaru tried to push her out. “You came to apologize, and
that's enough."]

 

["Why must I apologize to you, I wonder?” Beatrice retorted. “Before anything else, I
will not be leaving until that misunderstanding is cleared up."]

 

Ah, Julius understood. She really is concerned about him.

 



Of course she would be, really. Anyone would be concerned about someone acting like…

 

“That has nothing to do with me.”

 

—Well. Perhaps that was not a given.

 

[“‘Tis not just your dull face, I suppose, that is rotten,” Beatrice declared, covering her
face. “It is quite thick all around you."]

 

["…Huh?"]

 

["Perhaps I speak of the scent tickling my nose?“ Beatrice pinched her nose and waved
with her free hand as if driving off an unpleasant scent. “It would be wise to avoid
meeting the twins for a while."]

 

Ram flinched violently, eyes clenching as though she had been physically struck. Rem had to
steel her against doing the same.

 

Rachins glanced at the two of them, sitting right by his side. He wanted to say something, but
he couldn’t find the right words. And so, he turned back to the meteor, feeling oddly
defeated.

 

Felt probably could have found the words if she wanted to, but at the moment she was too
angry to try. Let them squirm, she thought vindictively. Let them stew in it, for a little while.

 

—The looks on their faces didn’t make her feel as satisfied as she would have liked.

 

["Why is that scent coming from me?" Subaru was asking.]

 



["Who is to say?” Beatrice said darkly. “Perhaps the Witch took a liking to you, or
perhaps she hates the very sight of you. Either way, the witch giving you special
treatment makes you attract trouble."]

 

…What DID the Witch of Envy want with a boy like Subaru, Wilhelm wondered?

 

Subaru was — not a normal boy, exactly, but his eccentricities were nothing particularly
concerning on their own. In fact, by the standards of his own world, Rom wouldn’t have been
surprised if he was, actually, a very typical and average young man.

 

“Hardworking, kindhearted, empathetic,” Ricardo muttered. “He’s a bit thick, especially in
terms of getting along with other people, but that’s nothing witch-like…”

 

“He isn’t a witch cultist,” Mimi said darkly. “Mimi knows Subaru isn’t a witch cultist…”
Neither of her brothers disagreed.

 

Anastasia grimaced as a dark thought crossed her mind: had Subaru perhaps been targeted
because he would be easy for someone to manipulate?

 

Crusch hissed softly, having come to much the same conclusion at much the same time. …
For Ferris’ sake, she didn’t want to voice that suspicion out loud. Not yet.

 

(Anastasia glanced in her direction. The two women locked eyes for a moment, and then
turned back to the meteor, a silent agreement having been struck between them.)

 

[l don’t have any connection to the Witch, though, Subaru thought. I only read about her.
So how…? But — Rem said something similar, didn’t she…? I don’t know. I don’t know
what’s wrong with me or what to do about it, at all…]

 

—It was useless to ponder such things, Felt dismissed. A witch was an inherently
incomprehensible entity, after all.



 

“Doesn’t matter why she might want him,” she growled. “All that matters is that she gets the
Hell away and then stays like that.”

 

Across the room, Reinhard nodded his assent. He was very much used to not questioning
why things were the way that they were.

 

["If nothing's wrong with you, I'm leaving,” Beatrice said, reaching for the doorknob.
“I should tell Bubby that we had a chat and what we talked about, I suppose."]

 

["Wait a sec."]

 

“Hm.” Rachins titled his head, eyes narrowing. “What does he want with her, of all
people…?”

 

["You feel bad about what you did to me,“ Subaru forced himself to ask. “Don't you?"]

 

“Ah…?” Ricardo hummed.

 

Did she? Frederica wondered dimly. She was beginning to question if anyone in the Mathers'
Estate could feel anything at all. Maybe everything that she had ever felt, herself, had been a
lie as well.

 

[I don’t know if it means anything, he admitted, watching as Beatrice shot him a sour
look. But it’s worth a shot, maybe.]

 

“Ah,” Anastasia said, nodding her head. That wasn’t a bad plan, for a boy stuck grasping at
straws.

 

Though, the question remained—



 

["Do you feel bad about it?” Subaru pressed. “Yes or no?"]

 

[“I think no such thing.”]

 

["I’ll tell Puck on you."]

 

Emilia coughed, surprised. “You decided to use—?”

 

“What a dirty trick, in fact!” Beatrice pouted, crossing her arms. She resolutely ignored how
she could feel the corner of her mouth twitching. “Using Bubby against Betty like that —
hmph!”

 

Despite herself, Ram couldn’t help but chuckle weakly. “Dirty trick…” she murmured.

 

Her reaction was too quiet for anyone else to hear.

 

["Ugh…” Beatrice turned around, crossing her arms and raising her nose. “Perhaps I
think it a teeeeeny bit."]

 

She’s so easy, Anastasia thought, biting back a smile. Or — perhaps she was only easy when
it came to Subaru.

 

“So long as it works,” Otto said, smiling weakly.

 

Beatrice sighed, giving up the ghost. The merchant was right about that, she supposed.

 

["I'll forgive you if you'll do one little favor for me,” Subaru said.]



 

["…Would you speak it, I wonder?"]

 

“Ah,” Rachins said, blinking. “So that’s what he’s doing.”

 

“Took ya long enough,” Felt teased quietly.

 

[“Could you protect me until sunrise on the fifth da—” Subaru shook his head. “The
morning after tomorrow?”]

 

Thinking of it in terms of “the fifth day” versus “five days from the time I arrived here.”
There was a subtle difference there that made Crusch’s insides twist, even if she couldn’t
quite place her finger on why.

 

[What a shameless request to make of a girl who looks younger than I do, Subaru
muttered inwardly.]

 

“It’s not shameless at all,” Julius refuted, shaking his head. “Lady Beatrice is a powerful
Great Spirit, and you were a boy in dire need of assistance. Calling out to her for help —
‘shameless’ is the last word I’d use to describe such a thing.”

 

["…That is a rather vague statement, Beatrice noted. “Perhaps there is a reason
someone is after you? —In the first place, I do not want to bring discord to this manor.
This manor is a place that, to me, I must not lose, I suppose."]

 

[“…I don't want to cause any trouble,” Subaru said quietly. “I just wanna put out any
sparks that fly."]

 

“I-I get it,” Subaru muttered uncomfortably. His face was pink. “I— I’d never feel bad, about
asking Beako for help…”

 



(With eyes capable of seeing what nobody else could see, Crusch watched him with a sad
look on her face.)

 

“You should never feel bad about that, in fact!” Beatrice said hotly. “Betty adored her
contractor the most when he’s shamelessly asking her for help, and he should be aware of
this!”

 

Subaru huffed out a laugh. “Thanks, Beako,” he said, a dull smile on his face. Beatrice
preened at her success.

 

["That is quite a sentiment coming from someone trying to make it another's
problem?"]

 

Beatrice’s preening was replaced with a wince.

 

["…For once.” Subaru bowed his head. “I don't have a comeback."]

 

Otto swallowed. That — felt unnatural.

 

Somehow, that felt like it was one of the worst things he had heard come out of his friend’s
mouth so far.

 

[With Subaru’s head ducked, he couldn’t see Beatrice. But — he heard a door close,
and his heart sank deeper and deeper once again.]

 

“So I abandoned him again, I suppose,” Beatrice said dully, her earlier sparkle falling to the
wayside.

 

Emilia swallowed. She wanted to offer words of comfort, but she couldn’t figure out what
to…



 

[But then—]

 

["Could you put out your hand, I wonder?"]

 

Beatrice started. “Eh?”

 

[Subaru sat in shock for a moment before rushing to do as she asked.]

 

“So she…?” Anastasia mused to herself. “Even back then?”

 

Her fingers combed through the fur of her scarf, and she watched the meteor intently.

 

["Disgusting,” Beatrice scowled, glaring at his damaged hand. “Perhaps you are an
unsalvageable deviant who delights in self-harm?"]

 

Emilia recoiled, eyes widening. “Why would you—?!”

 

What an awful thing to say to him, when he…!

 

But — that had been her way of showing her concern. Even in her emotionally frazzled state,
Emilia understood that Beatrice had said that out of concern. Because she had seen this boy
with self-harm scars and flinched away from them, just as Emilia had flinched away from the
sight of Subaru harming himself just moments before. But still…!

 

Felt couldn’t say that she disagreed with that harsh, disgusted response. Self-harm was the
sort of thing that hopeless losers resorted to, after all.

 



…Even if she knew that it was a temporary thing, Felt didn’t like the thought that Subaru had
been reduced to that sort of hopeless loser, not one bit.

 

["Roswaal's got the deviant market locked up,” Subaru brushed off. “I was just trying
to give myself a tattoo and messed it up."]

 

Mimi hissed softly, a sour look on her face. What a rotten joke…!

 

“Onee-chan,” Hetaro murmured.

 

Mimi clutched his hand tight, and gripped Tivey around the shoulders for good measure.

 

Perhaps Ram would have scolded him for saying something like that about Lord Roswaal, in
another scenario. But right now the very thought of trying to do so made her want to—

 

Scolding him about a joke he made to brush off a self-harm episode that Ram herself had
shoved him into head-first…if such shamelessness existed, she would have been the first to
stomp it into submission.

 

["Your artistic sense, skill, and talent for lies are completely lacking...” Beatrice noted.
“There is no saving you from that."]

 

In the present moment, Beatrice choked on a sob.

 

There is no saving you from that. She hoped, truly and deeply hoped, that those words had
been wrong.

 

["—I shall grant thy wish.”]

 



Frederica finally looked — really looked — at the screen.

 

...Oh, she thought. That's right.

 

Incomprehensible as spirits may be — in her own way, Beatrice really had...

 

Wilhelm watched, feeling hollow and aching. This would be a lovely memory, except
everyone there already knew that…

 

But even if it hadn’t lasted, Subaru had had someone turn to him and agree to grant his wish
at his darkest moment. That counted for something, didn’t it?

 

Ferris glanced at Wilhelm, thinking something very similar to the old man. Crusch did not,
because Crusch no longer shared the memories of her deal with the Sword Demon.

 

[“By the name of Beatrice, the pact is formed."]

 

A pact with a spirit was nothing to sneeze at, Ricardo knew. And especially when it came to a
Great Spirit like Lady Beatrice…!

 

Rom tilted his head. —What had it really been, that had motivated Beatrice to take a step like
that in a moment like this?

 

“Of course she did,” Garfiel murmured. “Of course, Beatrice always would have…”

 

Shouldn’t he have considered that a given, right from the start?

 

Rachins had no such thoughts, not either this way or that. All he could summon up was a
feeling of empty, exhausted, aching relief.



 

(But even that was…)

 

(They already knew how this would end, didn’t they?)

 

(Reinhard swallowed. He should have been there to grant Subaru’s wish himself. It was
because he hadn’t been, that…!)

 

[Subaru stared at her, at a loss for words. She looks…different, somehow.]

 

Julius exhaled slowly. He could feel something warm in his belly, like he had just drank a
warm cup of tea.

 

—Anastasia felt her scarf shift slightly under her fingers.

 

["Makeshift or not, a pact is a pact,” Beatrice said, releasing his hand. “Perhaps I have
been moved by your irrational request."]

 

Beatrice stared. So even back then, they had…?

 

Of course, it had been a different version of her who had made that pact. But — Subaru really
was her contractor through and through, wasn’t he?

 

The Great Spirit felt a small smile creeping across her face.

 

[Subaru felt a sudden gush of emotions. Salvation…from the most unexpected source?]

 



Frederica felt as though warmth was suddenly returning through her fingertips. Beatrice
really, really had...

 

That's right, she thought, and she clung to that thought with both hands. Beatrice loves him.

 

Otto suddenly remembered another moment, deep in the woods, where he had found Subaru
—

 

["Seriously,” Subaru croaked. “A little girl's gonna make me cry…”]

 

Subaru turned away, embarrassed. Nobody noticed, too caught up in their own relief to see
the blush creeping across his face.

 

["Could you not say little girl, I wonder?” Beatrice scowled. “Also, I will never forgive
you if you say one word to Bubby about this."]

 

Emilia looked up at the meteor, her eyes soft. At least someone had been there for him, when
he had been in a state like…

 

["So that's the important part?!” Subaru smiled bitterly — but it was his first smile of
the entire loop. “Desperation makes you fanatical like an oni, you know that?"]

 

—That was the phrase that Subaru had used with her old self.

 

Rem didn’t have any right to feel hurt, that this boy used that phrase with someone else
instead of herself. Not her old self, who had tortured him — and not her current self, who had
forced herself to doubt a boy who loved her so entirely, all for the sake of selfishly protecting
her own heart.

 

["I see,” Emilia smiled, having visited Subaru once again, while he stayed cooped up in
his room. “So Beatrice came to properly apologize. I'm glad. A job well done."]



 

“She visited him again, then,” Crusch noted quietly. That…made her feel very happy, she
thought.

 

“Of course she did,” Felt sighed. “With him behaving like that…” Was there a single person
out there, who wouldn’t have been unbearably concerned?

 

Frederica straightened up. Beatrice cared about him. And Emilia...

 

Even if Rem — Ram — surely Emilia was —

 

But Frederica had known Ram for longer than she had known Lady Emilia, and...

 

[For Emilia to keep approaching me like this after I treated her so poorly… Subaru
marveled guiltily. She really is like a goddess, isn’t she…?]

 

“Doesn’t take much, does it?” Anastasia muttered. If Emilia being concerned for his well-
being after he saved her life and then promptly had a breakdown in the guest room of her
sponsor’s manor made her like a goddess, then…

 

Normally Subaru going all puppy-eyed over that girl would be charming — but something
about this left a sour taste in the back of her throat.

 

[“Emilia,” Subaru tried to apologize. “I’m sorry about—”]

 

["You were just overwhelmed, right?” she dismissed. “It can happen to anyone. It can't
be helped.”]

 

“Like anyone’d be offended by behavior like that,” Garfiel muttered. “It’s just too concerning
to be offensive.”



 

Julius really couldn’t help thinking that Subaru was — somehow overstating how much he
had insulted Emilia, by asking her to leave him alone with such a terrible look on his face. It
was the opposite of the sort of miscalculation that he would have normally expected from
him. And on some level, Julius knew that this was a safer miscalculation for him to make,
when meeting someone new — but somehow, this felt so much more painful for him to listen
to.

 

[Emilia tilted her head. “Ram and Rem will be pleased to hear you say that, though.”]

 

Ram flinched violently. Rem hissed softly between her teeth.

 

[Subaru didn’t reply to that gentle request.]

 

Emilia scowled upwards at herself. She knew that she couldn’t possibly have known better,
but — what a horribly cruel thing to ask of someone.

 

It was nice, Frederica recognized dimly, to feel angry. It meant that she didn't have to feel
anything else.

 

[Their loyalty really is spectacular, Subaru thought. Willing to kill someone simply for
knowing an inconvenient truth… I can’t hate them for it.]

 

The theater stared at the meteor in silence, aghast.

 

Rem exhaled long and slow, as if her very soul was deflating.

 

Ram gripped her hair with her hands, exhausted. What do you mean? she wanted to beg.
What do you MEAN, you can’t hate me for it?

 



[Back then…weren’t there moments when the three of us actually became close? Subaru’s
lip wobbled. —Or, maybe that’s just what I want to believe, and nothing more…]

 

“I’m sure that wasn’t the case,” Ram muttered, trembling. She curled in on herself further.
“I’m sure that wasn’t…!”

 

But would it be better — if Subaru came to a conclusion like that regardless of whether it was
true or not?

 

Ram swallowed. She didn’t want Subaru to think that she had always hated him. The only
reason why she had been able to act so roughly with him was because she had believed that
Subaru would never seriously question the fact that she cared about him. The idea that, for all
this time, he…

 

But at the same time — wouldn’t it be simpler for him, if he could write her off entirely?
Wouldn’t it be better for him, if he could just cut her out completely? Wouldn’t it be better if
the woman — if the woman who cut off his leg, let him be tortured, slit his throat to keep him
quiet — if that woman never stepped foot in his life again?

 

["So you really didn’t eat breakfast, did you?” Emilia murmured, glancing at his
untouched tray.]

 

[“…Sorry.”]

 

“That’s not something that someone should be apologizing for,” Crusch murmured, her heart
clenching in her chest.

 

Ferris watched the screen, anguished. It wasn’t uncommon for patients to refuse to eat, and
he had long grown used to it — but for some reason, seeing that behavior in this setting
peeled off that scab and allowed his heart to bleed anew.

 



[Even though I’ve been more quiet and withdrawn, Rem and Ram have diligently gone
about their duties as servants — even when they know I’ll never touch the food or thank
them for it, Subaru reflected. One’s rude, the other is only polite on the surface, but both
are formal and professional at heart…]

 

Rom grimaced. What an incredibly compassionate way to think about the two women who
had…

 

It was the sign of a truly gentle heart, that even after all of that, Subaru could look at those
twins and think of all the ways in which they were caring and wonderful maids.

 

To see that gentleness treated like this—

 

Rom inhaled slowly. Exhaled. Now was not the time for him to let his emotions get the better
of his reasoning. …Especially not when Subaru was right there, watching them with worry
clear in his eyes. (Among many other swirling emotions that the giant couldn’t quite parse
out.)

 

[But for all I know, the food might be poisoned. Subaru shifted. I hate myself for doubting
them, but — I can’t get that thought out of my head…!]

 

“It’s only right to doubt someone after an incident like that,” Ricardo growled. It would be
much, much more concerning if he hadn’t been able to doubt them at all.

 

For him to feel bad for doubting them, after they had…

 

Ricardo wasn’t sure what to make of it. Should he praise that kind nature, or scold that self-
sacrificial mentality? To prefer maiming oneself to hurting someone else’s feelings was just
— unbelievable.

 

[A future exists where those two sisters kill me, Subaru thought. They have many virtues,
but they tried to kill me anyway…!]



 

It was amazing, that Subaru could still say that they had many virtues after an experience like
that. Wilhelm wasn’t sure if he wanted to praise him for it or not. What was he supposed to
feel, in response to this?

 

He settled for being angry at the twins. Look at what you did to him, he wanted to snarl. Look
at what you did!

 

["Maybe it's tough,” Emilia said gently. “But it's bad for you if you don't eat at least a
little bit."]

 

It was nice, Julius thought sadly, that at least someone had cared for Subaru so tenderly when
he had been shattered like this. Especially since he no longer had a family of his own that he
had the privilege of taking for granted.

 

Julius suddenly thought of what it would be like if Joshua had ended up trapped in another
world with—

 

The thought was too horrible for him to finish it. He shook his head violently, his stomach
churning with anguished nausea.

 

["My stomach won't take it...” Subaru huffed. “Well, maybe it Emilia-tan went 'Say
aah' for me I could eat, but..."]

 

Normally Ram would have taken the opportunity to tease Subaru for such an outrageous
request, but right now she couldn’t even bring herself to consider doing such a thing. She
curled in on herself, shivering.

 

[—What am I doing, joking like that when she’s genuinely worried about me? Subaru
cursed himself. I’m such a…]

 



["Here, then,” Emilia said, not a hint of shame in her voice. “Say aah."]

 

Frederica blinked slowly, her reaction subdued. But it was more of a reaction than she had
expected herself capable of giving.

 

"Lady Emilia...?" she murmured.

 

“Ah?” Ricardo felt a sly grin creeping over his face.

 

Tivey startled. “Eh?”

 

Of course, Otto sighed inwardly. Though — he couldn’t say he blamed her.

 

[Subaru startled. “—Eh?”]

 

“Called yer bluff, did she?” Anastasia commented.

 

["I said,” Emilia repeated, holding up the spoon. “Say aah—"]

 

Hetaro squeaked, his eyes widening as he figured it out. Mimi broke into a grin. “Aaah!” she
exclaimed. “That’s what she’s doing!”

 

["No, nonono, wait,” Subaru started shaking his head, eyes widening as Emilia moved
to take him up on that offer. “Hold up, Emilia-tan, what are you doing?"]

 

Wilhelm smiled with amusement, because he understood Subaru’s panic all too well. Women
truly were powerful. A lot of the time, they were more powerful than they even understood
themselves.



 

“Isn’t it obvious?” Rom said wryly. “She’s doing exactly as you asked.”

 

["What do you mean, what?” Emilia replied, frowning. “You said you'd eat if I did this,
didn't you? So eat. I'm saying 'say ahh' and everything.”]

 

For her to not even hesitate…

 

Crusch exhaled sadly. Emilia must have been so worried about him — even more than she
had been letting on.

 

Ferris raised his head, watching the scene above him with eyes that were slowly growing
brighter.

 

[“Err, this is like a ritual that girls don't actually do,” Subaru backtracked hastily.
“Their faces just go bright red and that's as far as it goes, I thought?"]

 

“Ya misread the room, Big Bro,” Felt sighed. Because — when Emilia was that worried
about him starving himself, she surely would have done whatever it took to get him to eat.
Even if it was something like this.

 

Reinhard blinked slowly. Was this something common that happened between men and
women? And if not in Lugunica, was it common back in Subaru’s world?

 

["If you're going to speak like a child, you can't be embarrassed at being fed like one,”
Emilia replied. “That would be silly."]

 

Julius huffed slightly in amusement. Subaru often acted like a child, really: he had actually
assumed that Subaru was a little kid, back when the two of them had first met outside the
knight’s garrison. If others decided to treat him accordingly, Subaru really would have only
himself to blame for it.



 

Part of Rachins thought that Subaru was lucky, to be getting attention like this. The rest of
him remembered — everything else they had seen, and dismissed the thought entirely.

 

“Still,” he muttered. “Would be nice…”

 

“Eh?” Felt grinned. “What was that, Rachins?”

 

Rachins recoiled, face turning red as he sputtered out hasty denials.

 

[“Say ‘aaah,’” Emilia ordered, and finally, Subaru buckled under the weight of her
stare.]

 

Of course Lady Emilia would do something like this, Garfiel thought. Especially where
Captain was concerned...

 

..It wasn’t even a real question, was it? Frederica had been silly to doubt her about this. She
really had been so silly.

 

Otto found himself smiling. As silly as it may have been, Subaru had clearly needed someone
willing to give him this level of care, after an experience like that. He was glad that he had
had someone like that.

 

Beatrice wondered if she should try this, the next time Subaru had one of his bad days. She
knew that she wasn’t Emilia, but…

 

Faced with a scene like this, Rem wondered how she had ever thought that Subaru was
someone to be frightened of.

 



Ram didn’t even look up. This wasn’t funny. This wasn’t amusing in the slightest. This was
just…

 

Emilia smiled. So — she had been able to help him after all. Even if it seemed silly, if she
had been in any way able to…

 

—In the present moment, Subaru scowled.

 

["A-Aah…”]

 

“Go on, laugh it up,” Subaru announced crossly, face flushed. “I know I look ridiculous…”

 

[“There, swallow.”]

 

But nobody was laughing at all.

 

“I’m glad that Lady Emilia was there for you, Subaru,” Julius said, a soft smile having
crossed his face. “Very glad.”

 

Subaru — didn’t really know how to respond to that.

 

[“Here's the next one,” Emilia said. “Here, here, here, here, here.”]

 

["That's too fast!! Was that ‘aah’ just to get my guard down?!"]

 

Anastasia started laughing, then — but not at Subaru. “Lady Emilia could have had a little
more grace…!” she giggled.

 



Perhaps being spoonfed by a pretty girl wasn’t quite as pleasant as Rachins had first assumed.

 

She must have been so eager to see him finally eating something, Felt reflected. There was
something bittersweet about that, really…

 

["T-Time out, time out! Can we stop? It's going down my th-throat the wrong way…!"]

 

“Poor Subaru,” Crusch chuckled.

 

Emilia folded her arms with a pout, an embarrassed blush crossing her face.

 

["Goodness, and it was going so well, too…” Emilia blinked. “Subaru?"]

 

Emilia’s momentary embarrassment abruptly fell away, as she registered the look that Subaru
was trying to hide away from her eyes.

 

Ah, Beatrice thought sadly.

 

Rom grimaced. I shouldn’t be watching this. It was far too personal, wasn’t it?

 

“He…?” Mimi frowned worriedly. “Why is he…?”

 

Tivey and Hetaro both quietly motioned for her to not say anything else.

 

That… Rem stared. Something like that — had been enough to make him…?

 



["Cough, cough, r-really, my throat feels...all weird..." Subaru averted his gaze, coughs
clearly turning fake as he moved to hide his face.]

 

Otto felt a pang at the sight.

 

“Ah…” Reinhard noted sadly.

 

Frederica swallowed. Her numb heart throbbed.

 

[He was trying to hide it, but it was obvious that Subaru had started to cry.]

 

Crusch winced, her smile fading. Poor Subaru, she repeated inwardly.

 

It — hurt, to see Subaru in such a pitiful state. Wilhelm would never begrudge him for having
his weaker moments, but part of him wished he hadn’t needed to see them. Subaru was
someone he cared for, after all…

 

—Wilhelm didn’t like that he’d had such a wish, even for a moment. Did thinking in such a
manner make him part of the problem, perhaps? Because he knew that this wasn’t the sort of
thing he should be turning his face away from — precisely because Subaru was someone he
cared for dearly.

 

It was odd, to see Captain in a state like this. Garfiel wondered if — had his open admiration
ever forced Subaru to hide these moments away from his eyes? Had the fear that seeing him
like this would damage his image in Garfiel’s eyes…?

 

Garfiel didn’t like that. Captain was someone he looked up to greatly, yes — but Captain was
also his friend.

 

Subaru huffed to himself, averting his eyes from the meteor. Getting spoonfed because he
couldn’t bring himself to eat on his own and then crying like a baby about it — what a



pathetic sight that was.

 

[In this world without hope, Emilia continues to be so kind to me… Subaru sniffled. Am I
really worthy of being treated like this…?]

 

Ricardo stared at the meteor blankly. “Worthy”…?

 

Even in a situation like this — was that what Subaru had been worried about?

 

“Of course you are!” Emilia said, wide-eyed and in a scolding sort of tone. “Of course you’re
worthy of being treated kindly, Subaru! Why—?!”

 

[The thought of Rem’s hateful face flashed through his mind.]

 

Rem croaked something out, feeling as though she had been stabbed straight through the
heart. Ram was too exhausted to sob, and simply stared up at the meteor with bleary eyes.

 

Felt wanted to comfort them. Felt also wanted to slap them both across the face. Gritting her
teeth, she turned away and settled for ignoring them for the moment, so that she wouldn’t do
anything that she’d regret later.

 

["...Mm, ahh, ahh. Okay.” Subaru cleared his throat, trying to pull himself together
again. “Yeah. I'm all right now. I think. I'm all right."]

 

Emilia — relaxed, slightly. It was working, then.

 

Subaru will feel better more quickly if he’s treated gently when he’s hurt. Anastasia made note
of that. Subaru also needs to be treated gently more often than he is willing to admit.

 



She couldn’t imagine herself stepping in for Emilia quite like this, but — she could figure
something out, if it came down to her.

 

—Of course, she reminded herself, Subaru was still part of the Emilia Camp. He wasn’t her
responsibility, and he wasn’t going to be anytime soon.

 

Julius made a mental note of this, too. Unlike Anastasia, who valued her dignity to the point
where an action like this would likely bring her physical pain — Julius genuinely didn’t think
he’d mind that sacrifice all that much, in a situation like this.

 

(Dignity didn’t really matter a whole lot in front of Subaru anyway. Julius had felt that way
since they fought against Sloth together. It was why being around him — where he could just
be Julius — felt so oddly freeing.)

 

Reinhard tilted his head. So being spoonfed was something that people enjoyed, then? Or at
least — it was something that Subaru enjoyed.

 

["Let's continue,” Emilia said confidently, eyes gentle.]

 

[Subaru flushed. "…The way you put that makes this feel really naughty somehow…”]

 

“I-I think that’s just nyew,” Ferris chuckled slightly. He still looked miserable.

 

Crusch glanced at her own emotionally volatile knight, and wondered if she might want to
follow Emilia’s example one of these days. —Perhaps rather soon, taking into account the
awful look on his face.

 

(Wilhelm saw his Lady’s thoughtful expression and had to fight down a laugh. He decided
against warning Ferris.)

 



["Good,” Emilia declared, clapping her hands once at the empty bowl of soup. “Now,
what do we say when we're done eating?"]

 

["That was great."]

 

Frederica snorted. Julius started laughing. Ricardo cackled, clapping his hands together.
“‘Least we know it worked!” he declared.

 

“Oh, shut up!”

 

["That's bad manners,” Emilia scolded. “Once more, and say it right."]

 

[“Thank you for the food.”]

 

[“You’re very welcome.”]

 

Reinhard smiled at the meteor wistfully. When Subaru started forgetting his manners —
ironically, that was when he seemed to be at his very best, wasn’t it?

 

Julius was thinking something similar. He had always sort of thought so, but to see it playing
out so plainly here…

 

He wished that Subaru would be more aware of himself, but — if it were a choice between
that and his happiness, of course the latter would trump the former every time.

 

[I haven’t eaten in two days, and am now stuffed, but… Subaru patted his stomach. I
don’t feel any discomfort.]

 



[“Ram said ‘He hasn’t eaten properly in a while so we must be gentle on his stomach,’”
Emilia recited. “And that’s how Rem made it. They're such good girls, aren't they?"]

 

The gentle aura in the theater abruptly shattered.

 

Asking him to praise his torturers… Rem grimaced. There was no way that Emilia could have
known — even she herself wouldn’t have known — but something about that statement was
still so unbelievably cruel…!

 

[Is that true…? Subaru wondered. If it is, I’d be happy enough to cry at a show of
concern like that.]

 

The entire theater was silent, in response to that plea.

 

Rem stared at the meteor in absolute disbelief. Are you fucking kidding me? she wanted to
demand. She just barely managed to bite it back. Of all the things to think in response to that
—!

 

It would have made more sense for him to become resentful, faced with a statement like that,
fair or not. For him to instead be — almost hopeful…what did that say about the kind of
person this boy was?

 

Rem felt something cold settling in her stomach.

 

Someone with a heart that gentle — that was the sort of person who could be all-too-easily
taken advantage of. Even she, in her amnesiac state, could understand that’

 

We did THAT to you — and us making you food that wouldn’t hurt your stomach touched you
this deeply? Ram stared at the meteor and dimly wondered when she had found herself in the
middle of this circus.

 



It really doesn’t take much, Anastasia marveled.

 

Legitimately, the only thing that this boy wanted was—!

 

Someone like that was an incredible find, for a Lord or Lady in search of a loyal subject. But
there was a darker side to that trait that Anastasia feared was being exposed: a person like this
would be far, far too easily taken advantage of.

 

[But — I know better. Subaru’s lip wobbled. If only their gentleness and kind treatment
didn't have THAT lurking behind it…!]

 

The sight of Subaru still craving such basic affection from the two who hurt him so very
badly… In all his years as a mercenary, had Ricardo ever seen anything so heartbreaking? —
Many others in that theater, with all their many different, difficult life experiences, wondered
the same thing.

 

—Subaru sheepishly turned away. No wonder nobody was saying anything: a display like
this was utterly pathetic to watch. He was sure that he’d be disgusted by such a sight, too.

 

["Well,“ Emilia said. “Now that you've eaten, too, you must be tired, so I'll head back
and let you rest."]

 

["You could always sleep here beside me?"]

 

[“Good, good, it seems you’re already your usual self.”]

 

Emilia winced. That sounded like a joke, with how Subaru had said it, but in context…

 

Maybe sleeping beside Subaru every once in a while wouldn’t be a bad idea, really.

 



[“Now, I do have things I need to be doing, too,” Emilia winked, sticking out her tongue.
“Don’t tell anyone I was slacking off, alright?"]

 

Otto sighed softly. Of course, by spending time spoonfeeding this stranger who refused to eat,
Emilia had taken valuable time away from her studies. —But, that kindness was one of Lady
Emilia’s greatest virtues, and she had been helping someone who had saved her life, and
Subaru himself had clearly deeply needed someone to show him that level of care. So Otto
could overlook it, just this once.

 

[—That’s right. A deep feeling of shame welled up in Subaru’s soul. Emilia has a
kingdom resting on her shoulders. She shouldn't be wasting a single second of her
precious time on someone worthless like…!]

 

“It’s not a waste of my time at all!” Emilia rejected hotly. “It’s not a waste of my time, and
you’re not worthless, and—!”

 

Didn’t Subaru know how much she cared about him? Didn’t he know that, to Emilia, Subaru
mattered more than anything else in the world? The idea that he had ever doubted that, even
for a moment, made her heart want to tear itself in two.

 

["—Emilia,” Subaru said, his fight perhaps returning slightly at the sight of her
kindness. “Keep your door locked at night and don't let anyone in, okay?"]

 

[Emilia tilted her head.]

 

“…Was he really afraid that the twins might do something to Emilia?” Hetaro asked.

 

“They did something to him, didn’t they?” Mimi pointed out, growling slightly in a similarly
hushed voice.

 

“But he knows they’re loyal to the Margrave,” Tivey objected quietly. “And that means
they’re loyal to Emilia.”



 

Frederica scowled. She didn't say anything, but—

 

Frederica had assumed a lot of things, where Rem was concerned. She had assumed even
more about Ram. For her to be wrong about THAT...

 

Nothing else could be trusted. Not where those two were concerned.

 

“I don’t think that kid was in any state of mind to recognize why he was afraid,” Ricardo
muttered. “He was afraid, and he wanted Emilia to be safe, and that was as far as his thought
process went. That’s how I see it.”

 

That was what it meant, for a man to be turned into an animal: their instincts and emotions
would lead them around by the nose, with their minds unable to use reason to moderate them
the way a human would.

 

["Or you'll sneak in?"]

 

“Puck.” Emilia frowned disapprovingly, recognizing her father’s voice immediately.

 

[“Right, exa…” Subaru started. “No! Hey, that was Puck not Emilia just now, wasn’t
it?!”]

 

["Wow, got it in one." And Puck revealed himself, leaving Emilia’s hair.]

 

“Of course,” Otto chuckled weakly. “Of course the Great Spirit would ask something like…”

 

With how much the Great Spirit appeared to have enjoyed teasing Subaru, this felt amusingly
in-character somehow.



 

["I didn't want to intrude on such a lovely scene,“ Puck was saying. “But your emotions
suddenly turned serious, huh? That got my attention.”]

 

Frederica exhaled slowly. Slowly, ever so slowly, she felt her heart begin to beat once again.

 

["...I just have a bad feeling, okay?” Subaru said evasively, ever mindful of that ‘black
cloud.’ “You take good care of Emilia, now."]

 

She’s always at the forefront of his thoughts, even when he’s in a state like this… Crusch felt
her heart ache, at that bittersweetness.

 

Julius grimaced at the reminder of that awful specter that had assaulted him when he’d try to
say something. For Subaru to try to warn Emilia anyway, even while ducking around that
ever-present threat…

 

It was somehow both admirable, and a miserable thing to witness.

 

["I'll have you know I really don't like feeling left behind in this conversation," Emilia
complained as Puck nodded in understanding.]

 

Emilia pressed her lips together. It had been an ongoing problem for those first few weeks,
where Subaru would keep trying to do things behind her back — and Puck would help him
more often than not, it seemed.

 

Her annoyance suddenly faltered. Come to think of it: Subaru’s old habit was making a lot
more sense, now that she knew—

 

With how he had been forbidden from so much as crying out for help…had the Witch of
Envy wanted him to act in such a way?

 



["It's just saying a cute girl like you should always be careful about night visits,”
Subaru was saying. “And to watch out for cars and men. Right, Dad?"]

 

“Cars…?” Anastasia murmured. She was the only one who was paying attention to that
unfamiliar word.

 

“Walking right into that one, I see,” Ferris giggled, eyes twinkling slightly as he watched
Puck’s face curl into a smirk.

 

["That's right, Lia,” Puck agreed. “Daddy forbids you from seeing men... bad-looking,
dark-haired men in particular."]

 

["Brutus?!"]

 

Ferris gestured proudly at the meteor. Subaru pouted at him, trying to push back his
embarrassment at his sorry state.

 

Anastasia frowned. “Brutus?” she echoed.

 

“I-It’s the name of a famous traitor from a play back home,” Subaru explained awkwardly. “It
was kind of a dramatization of a historical episode where an Emperor was stabbed in the back
by the supporters of the old Republic — it’s a long story.”

 

That seemed like a story that Anastasia would love to sit down and listen to, one of these
days. She hoped it wouldn’t be quite as sour as the fairytale of the Red and Blue Oni.

 

[Puck laughed out loud at Subaru’s reaction. Emilia pinched him and shoved him back
into her hair before rising to her feet, now bidding Subaru farewell. Subaru watched
them go, and then flopped backwards onto the bed.]

 

["Aw, no..." he suddenly muttered.]



 

[With a full stomach and a soothed heart, there was nothing stopping Subaru from
finally succumbing to the exhaustion that he had been desperately staving off.]

 

It worked, then. Crusch felt herself beginning to truly smile. “Well done, Emilia,” she
murmured.

 

Watching Subaru fall soundly asleep after days of stabbing himself to keep himself awake —
for all her apprehensions of the context surrounding that scene, Anastasia could definitely say
that this was a true victory for Emilia.

 

“I’m glad you found someone like her, Big Bro,” Felt said, in an uncharacteristically soft sort
of tone. “I’m really glad…”

 

[Subaru dreamt of death and dying.]

 

Abruptly, the atmosphere of the theater sobered once again.

 

Beatrice exhaled quietly. So he’d had those night terrors back then, too…

 

It didn’t surprise her. But it did make her very sad.

 

[He dreamt of sharp knives, iron balls, the sounds of chains. He dreamt of pain, and
fear, and grief, and loss. He dreamt of assassins clad in black.]

 

Rachins croaked, a now-familiar dazed expression crossing his face.

 

Right. That was right. Back then—

 



“If you don’t wanna get hurt—”

 

“Rachins,” Felt interrupted lowly. “You’re probably the absolute last thing on his mind right
now.”

 

Rachins swallowed, shuddering. That didn’t mean he wasn’t there.

 

Rom wondered if there was anything he could say, and came up blank. This was the sort of
situation that became harder to address the more experience you had with it, he guessed.

 

Garfiel stared at the figure dressed to match the night. She looked the same as she did in his
nightmares, and whenever he spotted her image in the corner of his eye.

 

Otto gripped his hand wordlessly. Garfiel squeezed back.

 

Frederica — watched. Her mind felt oddly clear.

 

[He dreamt of maid dresses and twin figures dolled up to look like two perfect, perfect
mirrors of one another, in pink and blue.]

 

Ram swallowed. Subaru — had nightmares of her. Of course, it made sense, considering
what she had done to him, but—

 

Did she still appear in Subaru’s nightmares like this?

 

Rem stared listlessly. So he did dream about her, then. But — he dreamt of her like this.

 

How could he dream of her like this, and then turn around and tell her that he loved her?



 

It wasn’t that Wilhelm had never assumed that Subaru dreamt of Rem. But…he had assumed
that those dreams took on a much more pleasant form than — this.

 

To see such love and adoration perverted by a recipient so endlessly cruel—!

 

Wilhelm clenched his fists. Exhaled slowly. This was an offense on a very personal level, but
— Subaru had asked him not to act on his behalf, and so he wouldn’t.

 

Reinhard hadn’t been there. So many nightmares — and he hadn’t been there at all, had he?
Not in any way that mattered.

 

[His sleep was fitful. He moaned, tossed, turned, wept, drenched his sheets in sweat and
tears.]

 

Mimi stared at the meteor, shivering silently. When her brothers had nightmares, she always
knew right away. She would wake up immediately, and as their big sister she would chase
them all off into the night. To sit here, watching someone suffer like this, without being able
to do anything about it—

 

She felt her brothers squeeze her hands. She wondered if they felt the same pits in their
stomachs that she did, in that moment.

 

Ricardo rested his hand against Anastasia’s shoulder.

 

“I’m alright, Ricardo,” Anastasia murmured quietly. “You don’t have to…”

 

“I know,” Ricardo answered. He didn’t move his hand. “I know that…”

 

Anastasia didn’t protest again.



 

Julius wondered guiltily if he ever came to torment Subaru while he slept. It wasn’t like he
didn’t know that their duel had been brutal, or that he hadn’t been in the wrong for it,
completing it only as the lesser of evils. But he had never really thought about…

 

He hoped he didn’t. He didn’t — want to be the sort of person that Subaru had nightmares
about.

 

—Ram did this.

 

Perhaps her little sister bore the brunt of the blame, in the eyes of the others in the theater.
Perhaps that was the logical thing. But Ram was an older sister, and therefore Rem was as
much her responsibility as she was her pride and joy.

 

And Ram hadn’t stopped her. Ram had been watching, the entire time… It would have been
bad enough, if she simply hadn’t gotten there in time to stop her, if she had been too slow —
but she had been watching the entire time. She had facilitated it, even, by cutting off the
boy’s escape. And then, when it had become clear that Rem was mistaken, Ram had—

 

[His very soul was whittled down, down, down…]

 

Ferris thought that he knew that dreadful feeling, of emotions so agonizing that they shaved
away at your very heart and soul. He hated it. He hated Subaru for falling victim to such a
horrible sensation, too. He hated and hated and hated — because that was all he could
manage to do, to quell the wailing monster threatening to tear him apart from the inside.

 

For a brief moment, his cheer had returned. Now it had been snuffed out violently once again,
leaving him shivering and cold.

 

Crusch watched her knight worriedly. Did Ferris have nights like this, she wondered? With
how he acted sometimes… Ferris and Subaru seemed to be somewhat alike, didn’t they?

 



Perhaps she should be keeping a closer eye on her knight.

 

—This was Ram’s fault. She wouldn’t hear anything else. This was her fault. This was all
her…!

 

And the worst part was that—!

 

[When the final thread is cut, he understood, surely nothing will remain.]

 

“Nee-sama…?” Rem whispered quietly.

 

The worst part, Ram believed — was that Subaru still loved her.

 

It wasn’t in Subaru’s nature to hate people, not really. Ram had always known that he was the
soft-hearted type. But she’d had no idea just how deep that tendency ran.

 

She’d had no idea that such a kind and forgiving nature could be twisted into something this
perverse.

 

Ram wanted Subaru to hate her for this. She wanted him to scorn her, to scream at her, to spit
in her face. She wanted him to storm away, never to look back at her again. That, at least,
would have made things simple. Wouldn’t that have made everything simple?

 

But instead Subaru had gone really and truly forgiven — something that should have been
unforgivable.

 

—How many times had her precious knight had these horrible dreams, over the past year?
How many times had Subaru lay there, tossing and turning as his past traumas came back to
torture him over and over again? The very question made Emilia want to cry.

 



Perhaps sleeping with her beloved knight every once in a while — wouldn’t be a bad idea at
all. If only so he wouldn’t…

 

She couldn’t leave him like this again. She just couldn’t.

 

[But then, everything stopped.]

 

[The cold and terror were swept away. The tension eased. The unbearableness of the
world was set aside. Why…?]

 

[Someone was holding his hands.]

 

Ram blinked slowly, drawn out of her dull stupor by idle curiosity.

 

[They were warm, and gentle, and full of kindness and compassion. Someone was there,
and someone cared enough to hold his hands.]

 

“Ah…” Julius said quietly.

 

Anastasia exhaled slowly. Ricardo stared ahead, face carefully impassive. The triplets blinked
slowly, in unison.

 

Ferris glanced at Crusch, remembering something from long ago that she had now forgotten
entirely.

 

Wilhelm’s eyes grew soft. “Ah,” he said softly.

 

Reinhard tilted his head. Felt crossed her arms, frowning.



 

Rachins scoffed. He couldn’t see what the big deal was. Who got misty-eyed over something
like…?

 

Rom’s breath was shaky. He was careful to keep it to that alone.

 

Beatrice smiled. Otto glanced her way and then looked back at the meteor, face carefully
blank. Frederica tilted her head.

 

Garfiel swallowed, his lip wobbling slightly. He hoped nobody noticed.

 

“Someone…” Emilia felt her voice choke up. “Someone…?”

 

Rem blinked slowly. Who could have…?

 

At least someone was there for him , Ram thought darkly. Whoever it was — at least
someone in that manor had cared enough to do even that much.

 

It wasn’t a lot, but—

 

[And that was enough to ease him, at least for the moment, and coax him back into a
peaceful rest.]

 

—It was something very precious, somehow.

 

["—Just how long are you going to sleep, I wonder?"]

 



[Subaru cried out in pain, abruptly waking up at the sensation of Beatrice kicking him
in the side, hard.]

 

The entire theater startled, jerked abruptly out of that peaceful scene.

 

["You were sleeping quite comfortably while I bothered to come at the appointed hour,”
Beatrice scolded crossly.]

 

["It's like, you've got to put people down even when you don't have to?"]

 

“…Did you have to kick him?” Emilia asked softly.

 

Beatrice didn’t answer. The answer was no, of course. She didn’t need to say it out loud,
because everyone already knew.

 

[After doing…all that…to keep my guard up and stay awake — I fell asleep on the fourth
night? Subaru broke into a cold sweat.]

 

[“Sleeping on the all-important fourth day…” he muttered. “Maybe I really do have a
death wish."]

 

Beatrice flinched violently at the suggestion. Emilia took a deep, shaky breath, and then
exhaled.

 

Those jokes — would they ever get easier for them to hear?

 

["Would you cease your muttering, I wonder?” Beatrice snapped. “There are more
appropriate places for it."]

 



“Ah.” Emilia blinked. “They’re already in the Forbidden Library…”

 

["Well, this is a surprise,” Subaru noted, taking in his surroundings. “Did you carry me
in my sleep?"]

 

["I would not like to spend time in a room filled with that scent of yours, I suppose,”
Beatrice replied stonily.]

 

Everyone flinched in unison.

 

Just how much of that scent is attached to him? Julius wondered, realizing that he didn’t quite
know. And just how long does it take to — or does it ever fade at all?

 

Ferris hissed softly. If the miasma was that omnipresent…

 

Long-term exposure could have serious health risks. Should he be paying more careful
attention to…?

 

[“This archive is my place and none other's. Could you behave yourself while here, I
wonder?"]

 

[Her moving me like this probably did improve my situation, really, he thought. Surely
Rem can’t breach Beatrice’s Door Crossing herself…]

 

It was her that he had been worried about, then. Rem felt as though that fact had stabbed her
through once more, but it wasn’t like she could blame him for it.

 

["You actually thought this out, huh?" he wondered.]

 



["Do not just sit on the floor mumbling,” Beatrice ordered snidely. “Would you like to
be swatted like an insect, I wonder?"]

 

[“Oh, so that's what you're reading…” Subaru teased.]

 

Beatrice huffed slightly, remembering that comment about chasing out bugs from the
previous — loop.

 

…How often did Subaru reference old memories like that — memories that only he could
understand?

 

[Apparently, thinking of this as consideration would be overstating the case.]

 

She should have been kinder to him. Why hadn’t Beatrice been kinder to…?

 

But she had made a pact with him. Gentle or not — she had at least been able to do that
much.

 

[…An odd sensation remained, in his two hands. Someone had held his hand as he slept,
hadn't—?]

 

[“Hey Beatrice, don't tell me you held my hand while I was asleep?"]

 

Beatrice started. Had she—?

 

["I won't be telling you such a thing, I suppose,” Beatrice scoffed. “I would not, even if
Bubby asked me to."]

 

…She hadn’t. Beatrice tried not to feel disappointed about that.



 

“It was probably Lady Emilia, then,” Otto decided. Garfiel blinked, and then shrugged in
assent. That was the logical conclusion, yes.

 

["What a thing to say...” Subaru shook his head. “But hey, at least we can die
together!"]

 

["No. Absolutely not."]

 

“I reeally wish you wouldn’t…” Emilia trailed off, looking uncomfortable.

 

Beatrice huffed, a smile crossing her face. Somehow — that one had been enough to make
her laugh. So impossibly cheerful, in fact…

 

["How am I supposed to kill time in here…?” Subaru blinked. “Oh, right. Are there any
books here written just in I-script?"]

 

Ram had taught him how to read. Even now, even after she had— Ram had at least been able
to give him that.

 

Ram — wasn’t sure how to feel about the fact that she had had the gall to assist him at all,
when she had also…

 

["—To think that you cannot read but the simplest things. How many humans do you
think would cry with joy at just the thought of entering the Mathers family's archive of
forbidden books?"]

 

Julius remembered that the archive had burned to the ground, and wanted to beat his fist
against the ground in despair.

 



["Well, I do feel bad for them... So what, you're here full time?"]

 

[Come to think of it, I’ve only ever seen Beatrice at mealtimes. Aside from that visit to my
room, she’s always sitting here on her stool…]

 

On that stool right by the door. That was where Beatrice had been, every time.

 

["Such is the pact I have made,” Beatrice confirmed, lowering her head.]

 

Beatrice exhaled slowly. That ever-present strife, that pact, for four-hundred years… For so
long, all she had wanted was for—

 

“Beako?” Subaru whispered. His voice was tinged with worry.

 

Beatrice shook her head, forcing herself to smile. “Betty is oh-kay, Subaru,” she reassured
him. “After all…”

 

Beatrice had Subaru, now.

 

["Another pact, huh?” Subaru mused. “Maybe I shouldn't say this when you're helping
me, but isn't it rough?"]

 

Beatrice winced. So he had considered that, even back…

 

["All the pacts, they are things I desire, I suppose." Just like she had with the Witch of
Envy earlier, Beatrice’s tone made it clear that this was the end of the conversation.]

 

It hadn’t been, not really — but of course, that wasn’t something that Beatrice would have
ever admitted out loud.



 

[Talking about pacts in such a heavy tone… Subaru felt his chest begin to ache. And all
the while, she looks so young…!]

 

Subaru felt as though his heart was being squeezed in a vice. He’d had a feeling even back
then, but he hadn’t really known just how—

 

["Hey, are you really fine with all— Whoa!"]

 

["Your questions are becoming annoying. You can read something and be quiet, I
suppose."]

 

[Beatrice had tossed him a book written in I-script.]

 

“Of course she gave him a book regardless,” Garfiel laughed weakly.

 

Frederica smiled weakly in response. That was the most she could do.

 

[When Subaru looked up, Beatrice was making a show of being engrossed in her own
book, silently insisting that the conversation was over.]

 

She wouldn’t have wanted to talk about it. Beatrice knew that. —But at least she had given
Subaru a book.

 

[There was no way to tell how much time passed, while shut in the Forbidden Library.
It passed gently and quietly, but Subaru couldn’t do much but turn the same page over
and back again, over and over again as he pretended to read.]

 

—And the one thing that Ram had given him, he wasn’t even able to properly use.



 

Because after she had taught him to read, she and her sister had fried his nerves to the point
where—

 

[I only need to stay here for half a day, Subaru thought. But — I have no idea how I’ll be
able to tell when… And I don’t wanna ask Beatrice. I don’t wanna do anything that might
cause something else to happen.]

 

Time did pass oddly in the Forbidden Library, Beatrice remembered. Or — it didn’t, but there
was no way to know how much of it had gone by just by sitting there, and that made it seem
as though time were passing oddly.

 

For four hundred years, Beatrice had—

 

[His fingers went numb. His mouth grew parched. His lungs became out of breath. How
long can I stand this tension…? If the start was so brutal, the end might come without any
warning whatsoever.]

 

To be constantly afraid of death, to such a an absurd degree…

 

Wilhelm swallowed. He had seen something similar, occasionally, in comrades who had
come back from war. It was never an easy thing to witness.

 

But to see such terror arising in not a soldier, but a boy who had only ever—!

 

["—Calling."]

 

Emilia blinked. “Ah…?”

 



[Subaru’s head shot up as Beatrice suddenly broke the silence, getting to her feet. "A
call for me, I suppose…?"]

 

Frederica blinked. Ram frowned. Beatrice had hardly ever been formally called upon like
that, in their time at the Mathers Estate.

 

For her to be called upon like this, and so seriously, too…

 

[Subaru made a sound as he felt space bend, shuddering his entire body at once as if
forcing him to float.]

 

["Ah, you were there, weren't you?” Beatrice noted, looking over. “I forgot, I
suppose?"]

 

Beatrice winced at how roughly her old self had treated her contractor. She doubted that she
had truly forgotten that he was there: that had more accurately been a rather mean prank on
her end.

 

But there was something even more concerning going on now, because—

 

Beatrice had almost never been called upon so formally, Emilia remembered. Subaru had
chased her all up and down the manor, but for someone else to ask for her presence, and to do
so in such an apparently polite sort of manner…

 

Ram felt a shiver traveling up her spine. What exactly could have…?

 

["That's a bad joke, forgetting about a guy right in front of your face…”]

 

["—Bubby is calling. It would seem this is an urgent matter."]

 



Emilia swallowed. That — wasn’t good. Puck had rarely called upon Beatrice with that sort
of urgency…

 

Beatrice stared at the meteor, already bracing herself for the worst.

 

["W-wait, hold on!” Subaru called out, voice shaking as she approached the door. “If
you go out now…”]

 

["You can stay shut in here if you like. Perhaps you will be safe here?"]

 

[And then Beatrice had left.]

 

It wasn’t like Beatrice could do anything about it now, anyway.

 

["Aw, to hell with it.” Subaru swallowed. “What's the big deal, right?!"]

 

Emilia flinched. “Wa— Subaru, wai—!”

 

[But it was no use: Subaru had shoved open the door.]

 

Emilia faltered.

 

She had been expecting the worst, but from the looks of it…

 

["Ah—”]

 

From the looks of it—



 

[It was morning.]

 

—everything seemed alright?

 

["You mean…” Subaru breathed, unable to believe it. He pushed open the window. “I
made it? Past the fourth night…?"]

 

Ah. Emilia exhaled slowly. That’s right, she thought. For Subaru, this is…

 

[The cool morning breeze was his answer. He stumbled backwards, bumping against the
wall and sliding down to collapse on his rear.]

 

[I’d given up, he thought in shock. I’d surrendered to despair. I’d been worn to the bone.
And yet…]

 

By all means, this was a very pleasant scene, wasn’t it? Wilhelm wanted to feel proud — or
at least relieved — that Subaru had finally survived beyond that final night. And yet…

 

Ferris couldn’t relax. Ferris couldn’t…

 

He’d already made that mistake once, and it had hurt him badly. He knew that Subaru wasn’t
going to survive, and he wouldn’t forget it again.

 

The only question was…?

 

Something was about to go terribly wrong, Crusch knew. She could feel it in her blood. —
Yet, looking at that growing expression of relief on Subaru’s face made it hard for her to
stomach that understanding.



 

[“Hehe… Hehehehe…!” Subaru began to laugh uncontrollably.]

 

Rachins winced. That laughter felt like knives grating against his ears.

 

Frederica wanted to raise her own palms to block out that awful sound. But once again, she
found herself unable to move.

 

Reinhard didn’t get it. Subaru was happy, right? Subaru had managed to crawl to that sought-
after fifth morning. Reinhard should be happy to see this. So, why…?

 

Felt knew that something was deeply wrong, by the same instincts that had guided her true
for all of her life.

 

Rom braced himself quietly, and kept his expression calm. For the others’ sakes, if not for his
own.

 

["Whahat is this?” Subaru laughed, hugging his knees. “Hey, what is this? This is just...
Ha-ha..."]

 

What a miserable sight, Anastasia grimaced. Laughter was supposed to be a pleasant thing,
and yet this was…

 

Julius was happy to see Subaru laughing, especially after — all of that. But at the same
time…

 

Something was about to go wrong. And once it did — that laughter would turn into twice the
agony that had preceded it, wasn’t that right?

 

Ricardo was tense, but more than that…this felt so very sad, somehow.



 

The triplets watched quietly. None of them said a word. Ricardo reached for their shoulders
and squeezed them together in a huddle from behind.

 

[I thought I’d never get here. I thought it was so far away. I’d thought…!]

 

Otto watched Subaru laugh and laugh and laugh until tears were streaming down his face,
and felt the knot in his stomach tighten all the further.

 

“Captain…?” Garfiel croaked.

 

Beatrice watched, unable to speak.

 

Rem felt as though her heart were being torn at. She knew that she had no right to feel this
way, but she felt it regardless.

 

Ram stared with dull, glazed eyes, at the state to which she had reduced her adorable little
brother.

 

“Subaru…?” Emilia whispered.

 

Subaru’s eyes were glued to the meteor. He wasn’t moving.

 

Emilia glanced between his face and the scene of his laughing figure, and couldn’t figure out
what was wrong. Everything seemed fine.

 

["—Subaru?"]

 



Except that everyone there already knew that this loop had to come to an end, didn’t they?

 

["Emilia...?" Subaru asked, voice filled with wonder.]

 

[Both of us got past the fourth night, he realized.]

 

That must have felt completely insurmountable, hadn’t it…? Crusch’s face twisted.

 

It would have brought with it a more cathartic sense of victory, if only she didn’t already
know that he wasn’t going to survive.

 

—Frederica did not like the look on Lady Emilia's face.

 

[We’re both here. We made it. Subaru sucked in a breath. —I can, rekindle that promise,
now, can’t I…? We can go — meet the kids, walk through the flowers, form the same
memories together as…]

 

He can heal now, Felt realized. Now that the danger appears to have passed, he’s going to —
rebuild himself. He can finally crawl out of that hole properly. Is that what’s…?

 

But something is about to throw him right back down that hole, Anastasia thought grimly.
Isn’t that right?

 

Emilia stared at the meteor. “All he wanted…” she whispered.

 

All he wanted, now that he thought he was safe — was to go and visit that flower field with
her?

 



["Subaru.” Emilia suddenly shook herself out of her silent stupor and rushed over to
his side. “Where did you go?"]

 

“Ah,” Beatrice exhaled. “I wouldn’t have told anyone where Subaru was, I suppose…”

 

He had disappeared, then, for nearly a full day, without any warning at all.

 

—Depending on the circumstances that had driven Bubby to call for her, that could be a very
damning sort of detail indeed.

 

["Er, I..."]

 

["I mean... No, that's fine.” Emilia took his hand. “It's fine, just...come with me."]

 

Emilia didn’t know where she was leading him, with a look like that on her face.

 

[“Where are we going…?”]

 

She knew she was going to find out. Part of her never wanted to find out at all.

 

[“Hey, Emilia, listen to me. I’ve…” Subaru tried to find the words to convey —
everything — as Emilia pulled him along. “I’ve worked real hard, to get to this
point…”]

 

Crusch winced. Looking at it in context, that was most certainly true — but to anyone not in
the know…

 

Worked hard doing what? Getting to what sort of point? They would have no way of
knowing anything like that.



 

["Why are you making a face like that?”]

 

—And depending on what had provoked that look on Emilia’s face, that kind of vagueness
may be enough to condemn him in the eyes of those who couldn’t possibly know what he
was talking about.

 

[“I mean, it all turned out all right...didn't it? I'm safe and sound, and you're... Yeah.
Let's go to the village...together, and then..."]

 

“Read the room, idiot,” Mimi hissed out. Hetaro squeaked. Tivey jerked, turning to look at
his sister’s uncharacteristic expression with surprise. “Just read the room, won’t you…?”

 

["There's lots I want to do with you and talk about with you. A lot’s happened. I wanted
you to know tha—”]

 

[“Subaru.”]

 

[Emilia stopped, suddenly. She looked — irritated. Serious. Subaru faltered.]

 

Something was wrong. Otto had never seen Emilia make a face like that before.

 

“Lady Emilia…?” Garfiel whispered, looking oddly tentative.

 

["…What in the world ha—” Subaru tried to ask, but was suddenly interrupted by a
horrible, horrible sound.]

 

The entire theater seemed to recoil as one.

 



Rem choked, eyes widening as she scrambled backwards on instinct alone.

 

Ricardo swore loudly in shock. “What the Hell—?!”

 

Rachins wanted to do much the same, except for some reason his throat had gone horribly
dry.

 

Felt hissed. What the Hell was that?! Never in her life had she ever heard anything like—!

 

—Rom thought he might have heard a sound like this before, at some point or another—

 

[Someone was making a long, high-pitched wailing sound.]

 

“What is—?!” Mimi squawked, eyes widening as she automatically moved to protect her
frozen little brothers.

 

Anastasia wasn’t sure. For as much as she prided herself on her knowledge and wit, she had
no idea what could be making that awful, awful noise—!

 

Reinhard couldn’t understand. What could cause someone to make a noise like that? Was it
even possible for a person to make a noise like that? It hurt his ears. He wanted it to stop.

 

Julius remembered making a similar noise, the day of the flood back in his hometown, when
he learned that he had lost…

 

He swallowed. He didn’t want to think about that. He wanted to find out what was causing
such a noise in the present moment even less.

 



Otto felt as though he had been frozen into his seat. He wanted to cover his ears. He couldn’t
move. He couldn’t…!

 

Garfiel stared, uncomprehending. He felt like he recognized that feeling, somehow, in how it
resonated with his aching heart and his memories of his mother.

 

But what on Earth could have caused someone to…?

 

[The type of sound that came from a person whose heart was being torn into pieces.]

 

Wilhelm knew what that sound was. He swallowed, bracing himself for the worst.

 

Ferris also knew what that sound was. It knocked the breath out of him, leaving him cold and
shivering.

 

A blonde and frail prince. A piercing cold. A last whisper said in the garden he had loved so
much. A request from a hospital bed, with which Ferris had had no choice but to comply.

 

Ferris knew, truly and deeply knew, what that sound meant. It made him want to vomit. It
made him want to claw his own ears off. It made him want to scream. It made him want to
cry.

 

And worst of all, is that when he looked at the worried, blank-faced iteration of his Lady
sitting right beside him—!

 

[The type of sound that scarred the very soul.]

 

Beatrice felt as though she had been pierced, right through her heart and throat alike. Her lips
quivered. What…?

 



“Is that…?” Emilia trailed off, her voice faltering.

 

She — Emilia had never heard anything that sounded quite like that before.

 

Frederica croaked. Her heart, which she had been trying desperately to seal away, suddenly
found its cover harshly ripped aside. That voice, it was—!

 

Ram had recoiled away from the meteor, hastily covering her ears. What is THAT?!

 

[The servants’ bedrooms are here, Subaru remembered faintly, still being led by the
hand. I slept here, in previous loops…]

 

What an eerie experience that must be, Ricardo reflected. For some reason, it was this
mundane observation that truly drove it home for the very first time.

 

[Subaru blinked, noticing someone in the hallway. "Roswaal and..."]

 

["Inside,” Roswaal said, motioning to the open door beside him. Subaru looked at
Emilia, who nodded — and so he obeyed.]

 

“Why…” Ram trailed off into a croaking noise, her eyes growing wide with horror.

 

A truly, truly unbearable sight had revealed itself before her.

 

[It was a bedroom — immaculately preserved, with minimal furnishings employed to
maximum effect. A reflection of a steadfast maid's personality, Subaru noted dimly. —
But then he saw what was in front of him and couldn’t think anything else.]

 

Rom exhaled slowly. So that’s what it was.



 

Ricardo croaked something out.

 

Oh… Crusch’s eyes slowly widened. Oh, no…!

 

Good riddance, Anastasia thought to herself, somewhat sour. It wasn’t a matter of retribution,
which served no purpose and was thus worthless, but was instead a matter of—

 

Ridding this Estate of a liability in the making, and that boy of…

 

Regardless, Anastasia knew better than to say this out loud.

 

Oh no, Felt winced. Oh no, Big Bro…!

 

She doesn’t look much different like this, Otto noted. He had seen her a couple of times, even
though he hadn’t visited her like Ram and Subaru had. And every time, she had simply
looked as though she were sleeping. And right now, except for the fact that she was clutching
her sister back—

 

Garfiel swallowed. He had never, ever imagined that he would hear something like…!

 

[It was Ram who Subaru had heard wailing.]

 

“Holy crap…!” Rachins spat, instinctively pressing himself backwards.

 

Sure, he hadn’t liked her, but—!

 

“If you don’t wanna get hurt…!”



 

Mimi gasped. Hetaro and Tivey abruptly looked her way, to see their sister’s pupils having
narrowed to terrified slits.

 

Reinhard swallowed. Oh, no…

 

Julius stared. He couldn’t do much else, because his mind had suddenly become a storm of
static.

 

Ferris was still covering his ears and squeezing his eyes shut. He didn’t need to look. He
already knew what it was that he was about to see.

 

Was this why Subaru had been so attached to her, Wilhelm wondered? Was it simply because
he had seen…?

 

Frederica wanted to feel a sense of justice. She wanted to feel as though this were deserved.
She wanted to feel...

 

But all she felt was horror, and grief, and anguish on the behalf of the girl sitting there by the
side of the bed. Nothing good was to be found, here.

 

—So. This was why Beatrice had been called down from her Library.

 

[Because Rem, still clinging to her beloved older sister, was dead.]

 

“Ah…!” Emilia gasped.

 

This was incomprehensible. Ram couldn’t make sense of it. Somehow this scene felt so
familiar, and yet the finality of this iteration felt so very—!



 

Rem stared up at her own dead body.

 

[Subaru was staring, too, a similarly uncomprehending expression on his face. “Why
did…” he croaked. “…Rem…?”]

 

“The Wolgarm got her instead this time, I suppose,” Beatrice noted grimly.

 

Emilia suddenly started. “Does that mean—” she wondered. “Would Rem have gone to play
with the village children, if Subaru hadn’t been there?”

 

That — didn’t sound like Rem, really. Not like the Rem they had seen so far. She didn’t seem
like the type to play with children.

 

But for her to have ended up like this — she must have, right?

 

[How many times has my mind gone blank from all this? Subaru wondered. How many
times have I come face-to-face with tragedy beaten into me? Isn’t it time that someone
saved me from all this?]

 

Nobody is going to save you from this, Natsuki-kun, Anastasia thought.

 

Nobody is going to save you from this, Big Bro, Felt thought.

 

Crusch swallowed. Shouldn’t someone have saved him from this?

 

[I’ve never seen Rem outside of her maid dress before, Subaru realized.]

 



Was this what Rem had looked like while she was asleep?

 

Her face was oddly peaceful, even as her arms clutched at her older sister. She was smiling
slightly, as if she were dreaming a happy dream. There were small, dark bags under her eyes
— a sign of the sickness, or did she always look like that when she was asleep?

 

—The Rem onscreen had her hair down just as the present Rem did right then, and was
wearing the same nightgown that Rem was wearing now. This, more than anything, made
Rem realize for the first time that the person on the meteor was really, truly her.

 

The first time she understood that on a level deeper than simple logic, and it was while she
was witnessing her dead self. Rem wondered how she was supposed to feel about that.

 

["Why did… Rem…” Subaru murmured, eyes wide as he fell to his knees. The person I
was most wary of… "Then why... why was Rem killed…?"]

 

[Surely it was Rem who killed me, not the other way around.]

 

“Why is your first thought that it was your fault?” Otto muttered to himself. “Why is your
first thought always…?”

 

Nobody answered him. Perhaps they didn’t hear, or perhaps they didn’t know. Otto didn’t
really care which one it was.

 

[Maybe she isn’t really dead? Subaru suddenly thought. Maybe it’s — it’s all a trick, a
trick to make me drop my guard?]

 

What a nasty assumption to make, Ram grimaced. Though — she really had no room to
complain, did she? Not after—

 



The illogical paranoia in such a suspicion… Crusch grimaced. Just how far gone had Subaru
been?

 

[It would be in poor taste, but that’s better than…]

 

“That would be preferable, to you?” Rem whispered. “Even after I…?”

 

Ram stared at the screen and wondered — a lot of things, all at the same time.

 

[“Don’t touch her!”]

 

[When Subaru went to check her pulse, Ram slapped his hand away hard enough to
make him yelp.]

 

Ram flinched violently.

 

["Don't...touch my little sister!" Ram roared, enraged and drowned in grief, still
clinging desperately to Rem’s body.]

 

A single sob escaped Frederica's chest. Ram...!

 

Mimi stared at the sight above her, uncomprehending. The horror that was welling up inside
of her was of the sort that she couldn’t quite understand.

 

After all, as an older sister herself—

 

[Ah, Subaru understood. Rem really is dead.]

 



If it had been Tivey there, or Hetaro—

 

What would Mimi have done? What could Mimi have done? It would be…!

 

She couldn’t comprehend it. That was the sort of thing that she simply couldn’t—!

 

“Onee-chan?”

 

Mimi squeaked, turning to face the twin voices that had spoken in unison so quickly they
both flinched. Both pairs of eyes were watching her with worry.

 

Mimi felt horrible, horrible tears well up in her eyes, and she pounced on her beloved
younger brothers both.

 

["Apparently, death by debilitation,” Roswaal said as Subaru wobbled out of the room.
“Her vigor was stolen as she slept, her heartbeat gently slowed, and the fire of her life
puttered out, likely the work of a curse rather than magic per se."]

 

[Subaru’s eyes snapped open.]

 

[The same thing that…?]

 

But of course, everyone in the theater had already figured that part out.

 

["But,” Subaru whispered. “I thought the curse came from Rem…”]

 

—Of course he had assumed that. For some reason, Ram hadn’t considered that such an
assumption would be the logical conclusion.



 

[“Then the shaman and Rem are separate…?”]

 

[The first time, I died to the shaman, Subaru remembered. The second time, the shaman
weakened me and Rem finished me off — for whatever reason. The third loop, Rem killed
me without any work from the shaman at all.]

 

["The fourth time…” Subaru murmured. “I didn't do anything, so Rem was the target
instead…?"]

 

Rem would have — gone to pet the puppy. She would have gone to play with the children.
That was the only explanation that fit.

 

In the present moment, Rem tried to fit this detail in with what she had learned about her past
identity. Had she really been the type of girl who would play with the neighborhood
children…?

 

She guessed that she may never really know the answers to any of these things, would she?

 

Why was she even here?

 

["You appear to be in raaather deep, serious thought?" Roswaal prodded. "It pains me
to ask such a thing...but do you have aaany idea about what happened, good guest?”]

 

Frederica flinched violently. Oh...

 

“Oh no,” Julius moaned.

 

Ricardo swallowed, and reached over to squeeze his shoulder. Julius barely even responded,
pupils reduced to shivering pinprick dots.



 

[“Wh-Why would you think…I…”]

 

["Myyy, forgive my rudeness,” Roswaal said. “I am simply somewhat... displeased at
the moment, that one of my pretty retainers has suffered such a fate, you see?"]

 

Displeased, you say? Otto never trusted the Margrave at his word.

 

[Ah… Subaru realized. This situation is…]

 

Wilhelm hissed softly. Even Subaru would have realized it, with the way all signs were
pointing right at…!

 

[I have no way to prove my innocence. And this time, I did nothing to earn the trust of…!]

 

“And on top of it all,” Anastasia suddenly realized. “Natsuki-kun made no effort to hide his
dislike of the twins, did he…?”

 

Julius stared back at her silently. Please, he begged. Please, not again…!

 

(Looking at her knight’s horrified, despairing face, Anastasia almost wished she hadn’t said
anything.)

 

["...Subaru." Emilia was tugging on his sleeve. Subaru turned to look at her.]

 

[If you know anything, please say it. That was what her eyes said.]

 

“What a cruel request, I suppose,” Beatrice muttered.



 

Emilia swallowed. It was cruel, she knew. It was horribly cruel, because—

 

[I want to tell you, Subaru pleaded inwardly. I’d love to tell you. It’d love to shout it out at
the very top of my lungs! But I…!]

 

[Subaru remembered that black cloud, and his breath caught in his throat, his head
bursting into a throbbing ache.]

 

How cruel, Crusch scowled. To silence someone like this — how incredibly, incredibly
cruel…!

 

Somehow, this slight against the boy had offended Crusch more personally than almost
anything else they had seen so far.

 

[I thought repeating the past would lead to a better future, yet every outcome has ended up
worse than I’d thought possible…]

 

Rem stared at the meteor, processing that absurd statement. This outcome, with Rem dead in
her bedroom, in her sister’s arms—

 

To Subaru — this was worse than when she had tortured him in the forest?

 

["Subaru…” Emilia pleaded.]

 

[I thought it would all be swept aside and things would be better someday. —No, I thought
they’d get better already…!]

 

Swept aside? Ram stared, slowly realizing how Subaru had planned to continue. He had
planned to — sweep it all aside? To keep living, to stay with them, and—



 

It was incomprehensible. How could anyone—?

 

But was that not exactly what Subaru has done?

 

Ram felt nauseous. Ram felt like she wanted to cry, except the tears were stuck in her throat.

 

[If Emilia keeps looking at me like that, I’ll… Subaru swallowed, remembering that
cloud once more as he mentally raced through his options. And even if I don’t, Puck can
easily expose the fact that I’m hiding something. But I can’t explain anything about…!
Subaru’s breath quickened, and he took a small step backwards. And that means the
torture will continue, over and over and over…!]

 

Reinhard should have protected him. Reinhard should have protected him! For Subaru to end
up in a situation this vile — what a horrible failure on his part!

 

Reinhard would — fix this. As soon as this was over, he would take Subaru by the hand and
— and—!

 

What a miserable predicament. Ricardo stared up at the screen and wondered how anyone’s
mind could survive a scenario like this unscathed.

 

—Had Subaru gotten out of this unscathed, even? Or was his odd attachment to the ones who
tormented him so simply an example of that mental scarring that seemed inevitable, in a
situation like this?

 

["—If you know anything, you'll never escape me."]

 

Frederica wanted to feel angry. All she felt was numb.

 



Ricardo scowled darkly. That was a miserable thought. —Miserable, precisely because it was
seemingly becoming more and more…

 

[Ram, having mistaken Subaru’s step backwards as an attempt to flee for his own
convenience, sent forth a raging gust of wind, quickly followed by—]

 

“No!” Ram cried out, eyes frantic.

 

["Ow!” Subaru cried out, touching the sudden bloody cut on his cheek, slashed open by
a blade of wind.]

 

["If you know something, spill it!" Ram ordered, palm trained on him from where she
stood.]

 

She had hurt him again. She was going to hurt him more, if he didn’t say anything. And that
meant that she was GOING to hurt him more, because—

 

["Wait, Ram! I…!” I can’t! —But if I say that out loud…!]

 

Ram felt as though she had stepped right into the bleachers to watch the darkest of
nightmares. Her sister, dead. Her brother, the prime suspect. Herself, the executioner taking
up the axe.

 

She didn’t want to watch. She didn’t want to watch—!

 

[Ram sent another blade of wind his way as a warning, the strength of which was
terrifying enough that Subaru momentarily forgot to breathe —]

 

But if Ram had done something so despicable, than it was the least she could do, to turn her
face towards the light and—



 

[—only for Beatrice to raise her hand and counter it.]

 

Ram startled at the interference. “Beatrice…?”

 

Frederica...

 

What was it that Frederica felt, right now?

 

["I am one who keeps her promises,” Beatrice declared. "I have made a promise to
protect this man from harm while he stays at the manor."]

 

["Lady Beatrice…!”]

 

Ram wasn’t even standing, and yet somehow she still felt weak in the knees. She felt as
though her entire body was collapsing in on itself under the force of her relief.

 

["Roswaal,” Beatrice said. “Your maid is being quite rude to your guest."]

 

Anastasia grimaced. Subaru — may very well not be considered a guest anymore, by the Lord
of the Manor.

 

["Certainly,” Roswaal agreed. “I find that sincerely unfortunate. If possible, I wooould
like to welcome him anew as my guest, as soon as he breathes out what he is holding
within, to feel all the lighter."]

 

Julius winced heavily. He was sure that Subaru, too, would have loved to…!

 



Just how often had that horrible curse prevented him from doing the one thing — from saying
the one thing that Julius was certain Subaru wanted to say more than anything in the world?

 

["How could he be involved in this matter, I wonder?” Beatrice retorted. “He was in the
Forbidden Library all night."]

 

At least her old self had the good sense to declare that outright, Beatrice thought. As opposed
to leaving an innocent man without any alibi at all.

 

["This is too grave a matter to simply drop.” Roswaal raised his palms, summoning
four different-colored orbs of mana, pulsing with incredible power power. “Surely you
cooomprehend this?"]

 

Julius sucked in a breath. An attack like that, from a magic-user like him—!

 

“Oh no,” Wilhelm muttered.

 

“Oh, no!” Ricardo groaned.

 

“Oh, FUCK!” Rom gasped.

 

“Is this how he…?” Otto croaked.

 

If that was the case—

 

He had never forgiven the Margrave regardless. But if THIS had happened as well, then Otto
would… would…!

 



["It is just like you to engage in petty tricks,” Beatrice scowled. “Just because you have
a little talent, a little more power than others, a pedigree just a little finer than others,
you need to flaunt in others' faces... You are quite a child, I will have you know."]

 

["How very haaarsh of you,”Roswaal smiled bitterly. “Is the difference between we,
who walk about normally, and you, passing time in a room where time has stopped,
sooo great? Perhaaaps we should put it to the test. —Hooowever, to think that you
would go through such trouble...are you truly sooo fond of him?"]

 

Rom stared, wondering if he was really about to witness a fight between the strongest
magician in the world and a Great Spirit of Yin.

 

[Am I suddenly the third wheel to their hostility, somehow…?]

 

It felt like that somewhat, yes.

 

["Your jokes are in as poor taste as your makeup, Roswaal,” Beatrice dismissed. A sort
of power began to surround her in turn as she glared at the magician. “Bubby is my
ideal partner. That human cannot match such lovely fur.”]

 

It wasn’t the time to laugh, and so the theater remained silent.

 

Beatrice spared only a moment of thought for how she had been wrong, how Subaru had
been her perfect contractor, and how she and Subaru both had good taste when it came to
lovely furs — and then she thought about it no more, too sucked into the stifling atmosphere
to waste her energy on such a thing.

 

["Who cares about that?” Ram wailed, interrupting them both just as they looked on
the verge of a brawl. “Who cares?! Let me through and do not interfere!”]

 

Somehow, that interruption only made the atmosphere of the theater grow even tenser than
before, when they had seemed on the verge of witnessing a brawl between two of the



strongest existences in Lugunica.

 

[“If you know something, say it, all of it,” Ram pleaded, in exactly the way Ram never
did. “Help…Help me avenge her!"]

 

—Wilhelm knew the feeling that voice carried with it. He knew that desire better than
perhaps anyone else in the world. It made his heart clench with anguish. It was a feeling that
had been given fourteen long and bitter years to ferment.

 

Garfiel shivered. To hear Ram so desperate, so pleading, so shaken down to the core of her
soul…!

 

Between Captain and Ram — this entire scene was something straight out of a nightmare,
wasn’t it?

 

[I want to tell you, Subaru cried inwardly, as Ram stared at him with anguish. I want to
tell you everything, but I—!]

 

But he couldn’t. He couldn’t, no matter how much he—!

 

Ram buried her face in her hands, breath ragged and shuddering.

 

["I'm sorry, Ram,” Emilia declared, lifting her palm towards Ram. “I still believe in
Subaru."]

 

Rem stared at the meteor in wonder. Emilia really did trust that boy, didn’t she…?

 

Of course she did. Somehow, this development didn’t surprise Otto in the least.

 



[“—Subaru, please,” Emilia pleaded. “If there's something you can do for Ram and
Rem…please.”]

 

Emilia froze.

 

In context, a request like that…!

 

—Emilia shook her head. No, she thought. No, surely Subaru wouldn’t interpret it like…

 

Frederica felt — like she should feel something, in response to that request. But her heart
seemed to have completely shut down.

 

[She sided with me, Subaru thought numbly. Even in such extreme circumstances, even
though I said such horrible things to her, even though I’m still holding my tongue — she’s
still so compassionate towards…!]

 

Otto swallowed. Subaru’s love for Emilia really was…

 

It was something, alright.

 

(And Emilia’s love for Subaru, too, was…)

 

[Subaru stepped backwards. "I'm sorry…!”]

 

[Emilia’s eyes dimmed. Shock, sorrow, unbearable disappointment…!]

 

It made this inevitability all the more heartbreaking, didn’t it?

 



Emilia stared at herself, aghast. To be disappointed, when her poor, sweet knight had had no
other choice—!

 

[This is true despair, Subaru thought. My actions here have opened the door to a
nightmare — and they can never be taken back.]

 

How horrible. Crusch tasted something bitter in the back of her throat. Realistically — in a
situation like this, had Subaru had any other choice?

 

—He was wrong, Felt knew. If he just reached out for Emilia, even now, Felt KNEW that she
would—!

 

[—Emilia reached out just in time to shield Subaru from Ram’s Blade of Wind. Subaru
took advantage of this moment to turn and flee.]

 

["Subaru—!" Emilia’s voice cried out.]

 

Anastasia watched, an odd feeling in her chest.

 

Even in a situation like this, Emilia…

 

Felt wondered what it would be like, to care for someone so dearly and completely like this.
To care for someone on that level — even when you had only really met them a couple of
days ago.

 

To Crusch, it felt completely natural. A boy so pitiful, having done so much to save her life
regardless, so clearly frightened and in need of care…

 

(Ferris glanced in her direction, thinking something similar. —And in a similar vein, thinking
of a distant memory that Crusch had now forgotten.)



 

[I can’t look back, Subaru cried inwardly as he ran. I’m cowardly. I’m weak. I’m fragile.
I can’t do anything. That was why I ran away from Emilia, who trusted me— From
Beatrice, who tried to save my life— I’ve spurned their goodwill and good intentions—!]

 

Every condemnation felt like another stake through Emilia’s heart. All she could do was
shake her head, mouthing no, no, no…!

 

[What am I supposed to do?!]

 

What was someone supposed to do, in a situation like this? Was there a right answer? Rem
had no way of knowing. She didn’t know anything, did she?

 

[“—I'LL KILL YOU!!"]

 

That was the line that reverberated throughout the theater, sinking into everyone’s bones like
a parasite.

 

Rachins shivered. That murderous intent…

 

“You get me back for it next time around, so stop complaining already.”

 

Felt wanted to punch Ram for threatening such a thing. She didn’t — not just because she
restrained herself, but also because she thought that she somehow understood.

 

Reinhard didn’t understand. He felt completely out of his depth.

 

Rom swallowed. He had been on the receiving end of a voice like that before. He had been
on that receiving end many, many times.



 

Frederica listened, and didn't understand it at all. The rage, the grief, the horror — it was all
just too much.

 

These two women had been some of the few that Julius had trusted would never hurt Subaru,
no matter what happened. That scream — may as well have been the final nail in the coffin,
for that foolish idealist assumption.

 

“How…?” Tivey croaked, uncomprehending.

 

Hetaro understood. He hugged his younger brother tight.

 

Mimi understood even more, and hugged both of her little brothers so hard they momentarily
lost their ability to breathe.

 

Ricardo clutched Anastasia close. Anastasia didn’t say anything, which was perhaps the
closest he could get to reciprocation in a semi-public place like this.

 

Ferris understood that feeling. He didn’t look at Crusch. He didn’t want to see that blankness
on her face again.

 

Wilhelm understood that feeling, too. He understood it better than anyone in the world.

 

Otto wondered when this circus had started. Natsuki-san, he wanted to plead. How could you
have…?

 

Garfiel had never wanted to see something like this — not from Captain, and not from Ram.
He had never, ever—!

 

But it had happened, and so he had to witness it regardless.



 

Beatrice was glad that she had stopped Ram from…

 

But it had only ever been a temporary measure, hadn’t it?

 

How could you? But Emilia was too exhausted to beg that answer out of the twins a second.

 

Rem shivered. On her behalf, her sister had said…!

 

Part of her was terrified. Part of her was ashamed. Part of her was oddly touched. Rem didn’t
know what to think. Had she ever known what to think about anything?

 

Ram shrank away from the meteor at the sound of her voice, pupils reduced to pinprick dots.

 

She wasn’t sure what was worse. The rage, the grief, the despair— The knowledge of what
had caused it— The knowledge of what surely was to follow—

 

Or perhaps, the simple fact that she had opened her mouth and screamed to Subaru that she
would—!

 

[Subaru kept running, making intelligible sounds, covering his ears, shaking his head.]

 

Rem stared up, almost unable to stomach this horrible situation. The anguish of that boy, the
agony of her sister—

 

Somehow, her own dead body was the easiest part of this scene for her to comprehend.

 



[I can’t stop running, Subaru wailed inwardly. If I stop, all those horrible emotions will
catch me. If I stop, Ram will catch me, and then I’ll die again. If I stop, that hateful voice
will—!]

 

[“I’LL KILL YOU—!”]

 

Ram sobbed, covering her face with her hands. Her own voice reverberated through her ears.

 

“Nee…” Rem swallowed. “Nee-sama…!”

 

But what on Earth was there for her to say?

 

[I can’t go back, Subaru sobbed. Now that I ran, Ram and Roswaal won’t spare me.
Emilia and Puck won’t trust me. Beatrice won’t be my ally anymore.]

 

“That’s not true,” Emilia pleaded. “I’ll still— That’s not… If you go back, I’m sure that’s all
I’d want from…!”

 

—Had Subaru ever doubted them?

 

Emilia faltered.

 

Not the versions of them that existed in other timelines: the versions that existed now. Emilia
swallowed. She knew that Subaru loved them, but…

 

What terrified her was that she didn’t think she could deny that possibility outright.

 

Ram had long come to that conclusion. She didn’t think anything else could have hurt her as
badly as the realization of that additional context that had haunted all of those moments with



her little brother for the past year, looming like a specter without her ever realizing it.

 

["I can't help it…!” Subaru gasped. “I want to…but I can't!"]

 

[How did it come to this? he pleaded. What did I do wrong? Why does the world hate me
so much? Why won’t it just forgive me?]

 

He really did have the worst luck, didn’t he? Ricardo stared at the meteor, grimacing.
Everything had seemed stacked against this poor kid, right from the very start — and what
had he ever done to deserve it?

 

["After it was…” Subaru sobbed, thinking of those forgotten days. “So much fun…!"]

 

How can you still think so fondly of that time? Otto wanted to demand. He was gripping his
hair so hard it hurt. How can you remember what they did to you, and still look back and—!

 

Subaru, Wilhelm agreed faintly. Subaru, how on Earth can you…?

 

Once, he had considered that trait admirable. Now, he was no longer sure how he felt about it.

 

[I had no choice but to live in this world — but that manor was my oasis. But then— And
now it’s all so far away—!]

 

Otto froze.

 

…Was that the answer?

 

Was the reason why he had cling to the manor of the Mathers Estate, the first place he had
come across in this new world far from home — was it simply because it was all he thought



he had?

 

[—Can't do it anymore.]

 

Emilia blinked slowly. She felt hollow.

 

Frederica — understood. She hated it, but she understood.

 

[—There isn't any point in trying anymore, Subaru’s voice murmured. Finally, he started
to slow down.]

 

Anyone would be exhausted, after something like this. Just the one week was bad enough,
but — week after week, stress after stress, getting worse and worse and worse with no way
out—

 

It wasn’t like Julius was the type of person who gave up easily, or encouraged others to do so
when things got tough. But in a situation like this—

 

It was only natural, for someone who ran for miles and miles without pause to eventually feel
their legs give out beneath them.

 

[Won’t it be easier if I just gave up? Subaru wondered. That’s the type of person I am,
right? The one who looks for the easy way out.]

 

“That’s not true,” Otto muttered, shaking his head. “That’s really, really not…”

 

For all his faults, Otto had never known Subaru to give up when it counted. —In fact, Otto
was pretty sure that Subaru had the opposite problem, most of the time.

 



[That’s what everyone is like, really: given two unpalatable choices, doesn’t everyone look
for a third…? Can anyone blame me, for looking for a third way to…?]

 

Of course not, Rachins thought blearily. Of course nobody would be able to— especially not
in a situation like—!

 

Anastasia could always blame someone who looked to take the easy way out. It was one of
those things that got on her nerves more than almost anything else. But she had promised
Subaru that she wouldn’t judge him, and she intended to keep that promise.

 

[I feel dizzy. My limbs are heavy. I’m so tired…]

 

“I’ll bet,” Rom muttered. The stress that had accumulated over the loops, the horror of that
morning’s revelation, the panic at being accused of something he couldn’t possibly have done
and being unable to defend himself, and then the physical strain of running and running and
refusing to stop—

 

Anyone would eventually collapse, under pressure like that.

 

[This looks like the place I died last time, doesn’t it…?]

 

“What a morbid observation,” Ricardo muttered darkly.

 

What was it like, to look at an innocuous-looking scene like that — and think about how it
resembled your gravesite? Ricardo couldn’t even imagine it. He wondered if Subaru himself
knew how to feel about it, even.

 

[Ah, Subaru finally realized. That’s right.]

 

Ferris realized it before anyone else. He gasped, shooting to his feet. “NO—!”



 

["If I die…” Subaru said. An awful, awful smile curled against his face. "Yeah, that's
right. If I die, this'll change…"]

 

The theater erupted into protests, panic shooting upwards as everyone realized where
Subaru’s mind had gone.

 

“NO!” Emilia screamed.

 

“No,” Beatrice gasped. “No, Subaru, please tell me you didn’t—!”

 

“He wouldn’t,” Garfiel denied, shaking his head frantically. There was a wild look in his
eyes. “He wouldn’t. Captain would never—!”

 

Was that even true?

 

Otto didn’t say anything. He stayed perfectly still, watching the meteor with a blank
expression on his face.

 

"No," Frederica whispered dully. She understood, but she didn't really register what was
going on. She still felt far too numb for that. "Subaru, please...don't..."

 

“No…” Rem whimpered. But — they already knew he was going to die. They had known
that from the very…

 

Ram didn’t even bother protesting. Her face was buried in her arms.

 

[I died three times, Subaru recalled. And in this fourth world, I valued only my life, and I
failed at anything and everything. This time, I valued only my life, and so my life is all I
have left.]



 

What a worthless way to live. People should always live in the manner that allowed their soul
to shine the brightest. To discard your pride in favor of survival wasn’t the life of a human, it
was the life of an animal.

 

—That was how Crusch would have felt, if this had been a lifestyle, and not a singular week
brought about by an intensely traumatic experience. It was natural, to cling to the desire to
live and not much else after something so twistedly vile.

 

And then, as soon as he felt that he was in the clear, that he was finally safe, he had asked
Emilia to…

 

Subaru’s state was a temporary thing. It wasn’t right to scold him so harshly for a temporary
break, when he should have instead been given the support necessary to properly heal.

 

Julius tried desperately to take slow, deep breaths. He couldn’t allow himself to panic. He
couldn’t allow himself to despair. He couldn’t allow himself to look too anguished, not when
Subaru was right there and facing something that was one-thousand times worse than himself
—!

 

[What’s the meaning of continuing to struggle if this is the result?]

 

“It’s to live,” Ferris growled, growing more and more panicked. “It’s to live. Nyo matter what
happens, nyew’ve always gotta fight to live—!”

 

“You don’t need a reason,” Emilia pleaded hoarsely. “You’re enough. Just being you is more
than—!”

 

—Beatrice remembered this feeling.

 



It was a feeling that had grown over the course of four-hundred years, until it felt as though it
was gnawing her open from the inside-out. That desire to stop, that desire to just rest, it was
—

 

Subaru had been the one to finally save her from that dreadful feeling. To see him now,
bearing down that beast alone—!

 

["If you're gonna do it, do it already,” Subaru muttered hatefully. The blue sky
appeared to echo his hate right back. “It doesn't matter what happens to me
anymore…”]

 

Can’t even kill himself on his own, with his attitude like this, Anastasia thought bitterly.
Immediately, she scolded herself harshly for this thought.

 

Her hatred for those who lacked ambition and for those who threw their lives away —
Anastasia had never before been in a situation where those ideals came into conflict with one
another.

 

Awful. This whole situation was simply…

 

Felt grimaced. Either he was gonna kill himself like a coward, or he was gonna give up like a
coward. She didn’t like either option. This whole situation was stupid and ridiculous. —But if
he was gonna lose his pride either way, then he should at least keep ahold of his life,
shouldn’t he?

 

Except she already knew that he wasn’t going to do that, this loop.

 

Rachins’ mind was on something else. A much more immediate something else. Something
that he desperately hoped that the Subaru onscreen would not figure—

 

[Ah, Subaru realized. “A cliff."]



 

—but since when did anything ever go Rachins’ way?

 

“No,” Ferris moaned, shaking his head frantically from side to side. “No, no, no, nyo—
Subaru, tell me nyew didn’t—!”

 

“Ferris, please!” Crusch called out, trying to pull him back. He was hyperventilating. “Ferris,
breathe, come on, deep breaths—!”

 

[Surely this is made-to-order by God himself, Subaru thought. Answering that one prayer
— doesn’t that mean there’s a Heaven I should be grateful for…?]

 

“Grateful?!” Garfiel snapped, looking very, very agitated the closer Subaru got to actually—
actually— “Grateful for— for—!”

 

Please don’t, Reinhard pleaded inwardly. Please, Subaru, don’t…!

 

What would drive someone to do something like that? Reinhard couldn’t fathom it. Even
when it was right in front of  him, he still couldn’t…!

 

Beatrice gripped her head tight. She remembered this. She hated this. She understood this all
too well. Four hundred years—!

 

Otto watched quietly, alertly, and said nothing.

 

[—With this, the foolish and pathetic Natsuki Subaru can find peace. Subaru wobbled
towards the cliff.]

 

Anastasia gritted her teeth. Whatever her personal feelings were on the matter — her
turbulent, contradictory, stormy feelings that shook her this way and that until she thought



she might be sick — she had made Subaru a promise that she would not judge him for his
past actions, and she intended to keep it.

 

[Yeah. Subaru looked off of the edge blearily. If I fall from here I’ll definitely…]

 

He would die. Julius knew he would die. Julius didn’t want him near that cliff, he didn’t want
him to—

 

This place looked familiar, didn’t it? Where had Julius seen this scenery before?

 

Wilhelm felt as though his heart was about to pound out of his chest. He was shaking his
head. There was no point in shaking his head, but he was doing so regardless.

 

No, he begged. No, Subaru-dono, please tell me you didn’t…!

 

[My heart is so loud… My lungs can’t breathe. I feel so cold…!]

 

“No,” Mimi gasped softly, her eyes wide with horror. “No, please, not…”

 

“Don’t…” Hetaro whimpered.

 

“Don’t,” Tivey repeated, shaking his head. “Don’t, please…!”

 

[—If I keep my eyes closed and take one step forward, it'll all be over.]

 

Ricardo swallowed. He reached forward and squeezed the triplets close. —Whatever was
going to happen next, he had already promised Subaru that he wouldn’t judge him for it.

 



[What’ll happen if I die this time? Will I return to the first day at the manor and begin the
loop anew?]

 

Was that how it worked? Rom supposed that it was. How exactly a new “checkpoint” was
decided upon was still a mystery, but it was probably reasonable to assume that, if he failed to
live past the timeframe that had killed him before, he would be forced to repeat the process.

 

What a miserable predicament that would be. Rom could easily imagine a scenario like that
driving even hardened warriors insane.

 

[ I wouldn’t mind that… Subaru thought wistfully.]

 

Rom stared up at the screen, aghast. “Wouldn’t mind it?” he repeated.

 

[I’ll work as a servant, see everyone's faces, and die peacefully in my sleep on the fourth
day. Over and over. At least then, I’ll get some peace…]

 

Peace — Subaru would consider that peace? An eternity spent working as a manservant in a
manor with two women he knew would be willing to torture him, to kill him—!

 

How? Rem wondered. How could anyone consider that a type of peace?

 

Ram sobbed — a shuddering, breathy sound that only her sister was close enough to hear.
Rem turned to her, eyes frantic, but she didn’t know what to do.

 

[But Subaru couldn’t do it. Subaru just managed to try and stop his knees from shaking
— and then he collapsed.]

 

“He…” Rem took a shaky breath. “He didn’t…?”

 



Then — how?

 

…Ram raised her head, a bleary, aching, painful look on her face.

 

Subaru had failed. Subaru hadn’t killed himself. That was a good thing, wasn’t it? Reinhard
was certain that it was a good thing.

 

So why did this small victory feel so hollow?

 

[“Just one step…” Subaru choked out, prostrating himself before the world. “I can't
even do…one simple thing…”]

 

Mimi sighed loudly with relief. Tivey swallowed. “Thank…” he croaked. “Thank Od, that…”

 

Hetaro stared blankly ahead. He’s going to die anyway.

 

How would he die? That was the only question that remained.

 

Rachins groaned loudly, slumping backwards. “Thank fuck,” he muttered. “Thank fuck,
anything but…!”

 

Frederica wanted to feel relief. She felt nothing at all.

 

Ferris practically collapsed into a pile on the floor of the theater, dizzy and nauseous with a
violent storm of relief and anguish that threatened to tear him apart.

 

[—Maybe I’m just a coward. Maybe I’m just indecisive. Maybe my resolve and
determination are just this frail…!]



 

“Coward,” Ferris gasped out. “Be a coward, then. Be a coward. Just don’t…!”

 

Nothing else mattered. Nothing else came even close to mattering. There was nothing more
precious than life, there was nothing more valuable than life, there was nothing more
unforgivable than taking that precious and valuable thing and throwing it away—!

 

“Breathe, Ferris, please—!”

 

Julius didn’t know what to think.

 

Subaru hadn’t killed himself. Subaru had decided not to kill himself. At least for the moment,
Subaru was safe. Wasn’t that a good thing? Wasn’t that a victory? Wasn’t that a reason to
smile?

 

So why did this feel so…?

 

[I don’t know why I should live, but I’m too afraid of death to die! Subaru finally started
to bawl in earnest, clawing at the ground.]

 

Ricardo felt hollow. This was somehow worse than watching a man turn into an animal,
because at least an animal still had a fierce desire to live. An animal was not disgusted with
its desire to live, because to strive to live even in the worst of circumstances was the natural
order of things. It was the one thing that animals had left.

 

And yet here was this boy, unable to truly live — and hating himself for his desire not to die.

 

Ricardo almost turned to look at the twins responsible for this atrocity, but stopped himself
just in time. It wouldn’t do, to rip them apart then and there when Subaru, watching from that
jar, was still so clearly, nonsensically attached.

 



Rom watched the scene play out with a careful sort of distance. Bravery, cowardice, none of
it mattered now. What was done had long been done, he truly did believe that.

 

And in any case, regardless of what he might say about it, Subaru really was just a boy —
one who never should have been put in a situation like this in the first place.

 

—Subaru was wrong, Wilhelm knew. This wasn’t cowardice.

 

Every creature felt the primal desire not to die. This was more base than the desire to eat, the
desire to sleep, the desire to breathe. To avoid death was simply the proper order of things.

 

Perhaps Wilhelm had once thought differently, many years ago. He had once clung to the
ideals of a knight, like every young boy did, whether he were to acknowledge it or not. He
had once assumed that he would die in a blaze of glory, fending off enemies on the battlefield
with fearlessness right to the end.

 

But then, in the moment he had been certain was his last, back during the Demihuman War…

 

“I don’t…want to die…”

 

This wasn’t cowardice at all. Wilhelm would declare that truth as many times as anyone else
may need to hear it — Subaru included.

 

And yet…!

 

[What am I doing? What is the point of anything? Subaru’s body shuddered. What
pathetic sort of person am I?!]

 

Crusch stared at the scene in front of her, an uncomfortable churning of emotion roiling her
stomach.



 

On one hand, Crusch would never be able to support someone throwing their life away in
despair. On the other — what sort of life was this, where all he could do was roll over and cry
at the mercy of utter hopelessness? It would have been one thing, if he had managed to
summon his courage and step away from that edge with bold desire, but this…

 

What was Crusch supposed to think, in a situation like this?

 

—Pathetic.

 

That’s what Anastasia thought.

 

She knew that she should be relieved, that Subaru had failed to kill himself and relegate his
life to a mere tool. But she wasn’t, not to the extent that she would have expected. She was…

 

A better word would be disgusted, because this was exactly the kind of attitude that she hated
the most. Regardless of the circumstances, regardless of the vileness of what he had gone
through — this behavior was completely and utterly pathetic.

 

Ricardo grimaced. Anastasia was trying to conceal her contempt, but he had known her long
enough that he could tell. And it wasn’t like he didn’t understand, but—

 

“It’s only been a couple days, Ana-bo,” he murmured. “It makes sense that he couldn’t shake
it, in such a short amount of time. And he spent the whole time in the same mansion as…”

 

“I don’t need ya to tell me that,” Anastasia said quietly. She already knew, of course, but she
had a feeling that her feelings on the matter weren’t going to change no matter how it was
explained away.

 

Felt folded her arms, watching Subaru’s tantrum with a grim expression on her face.
Everything about this situation was disgusting, absolutely everything.



 

“…Subaru?” Beatrice whispered.

 

—Nobody was as disgusted, however, as Subaru himself.

 

Subaru glared at the screen with more hatred and contempt than anyone else in the theater,
fingernails digging into his upper arms until it stung. His revulsion was so intense that he
couldn’t even bring himself to register proper embarrassment at the rest of the theater seeing
him in such a sorry state, because—

 

Pathetic, he growled to himself. Completely, utterly pathetic.

 

“Ca— Captain,” Garfiel said. His voice was shaky, but carefully gentle. “You…”

 

“Nobody could blame you for this, Natsuki-san,” Otto agreed quietly. “This is just…”

 

“Everyone has bad days, right? Even my amazing self has had some ugly moments, so you
sure don’t need to feel like…”

 

“Subaru,” Emilia said softly. “Subaru, you do know that…?”

 

Please don’t look at me like that, she wanted to plead. Please, please don’t look so…!

 

Subaru smiled back at her the best he could. He couldn’t bring himself to say a word.

 

Rem swallowed, watching from afar. Ram wanted to say something, but knew that she had
lost the right to comfort him a full year ago, on a night in the woods that only Subaru
remembered.

 



[Subaru continued to wail and wail until he was too exhausted to do so anymore, and
finally he had no choice but to fall asleep there at the side of the cliff.]

Chapter End Notes

You know, the idea of being disgusted at someone having a mental breakdown like that
is something that offends me on a very base level, lmao — more than most other things,
oddly enough. Unfortunately, it IS the most in-character reaction for characters like Felt
and Anastasia, so I hope I did it justice regardless.

Anyway, I’ve been plotting stuff out and — it turns out that the Arc centered around the
demon siblings is going to have exactly 13 chapters! Ain’t that fun?



Chapter 12: Can’t You Make The Crying Stop? (Arc 2, Part 7)
Chapter Summary

Subaru does the one thing that nobody wanted him to do.

Chapter Notes

:)

EDIT: Yes, I combined this chapter with the one that initially came right after it lol. Fun
fact: this was originally how I was gonna organize this chapter in the first place, but the
first part was taking me so long that I initially decided to cut it in two.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

[—There was a scene, then, of Subaru in the well-lit dining room of the Mathers Estate.]

 

Emilia blinked. “Eh—?”

 

Hadn’t he just been at the…?

 

[Roswaal was at the head of the table, in the seat of honor, being attended to by Ram as
she ignored everyone else. Rem was weaving in and out of the dining room, peacefully
going about her duties as a maid. Beatrice was drinking tea, Puck devouring sweets in
the seat next to her. And Emilia was — of course — sitting right by Subaru’s side.]

 

Ah, Emilia realized sadly. It’s just a dream.

 

[Is this a nightmare…? Subaru thought.]

 



Emilia curled in on herself. She felt cold, and oddly numb.

 

[The Subaru at the table just laughed, and the others laughed with him.]

 

Frederica stared at the table full of laughing and smiling faces of the people she had believed
she knew, and she realized that she had never felt so lost and alone in all her life.

 

[—A nightmare full of happiness and warmth, Subaru concluded sadly.]

 

Was that how Subaru saw them? Was that the truth of how they appeared, in his eyes…?

 

[His heart ached with grief and sadness, his soul whittled down bit by bit at the
reminder of all he had lost. It hurt so badly that he forgot to breathe.]

 

Emilia had never wanted to hurt him. She had never, ever wanted to put him in a place where
he might get…!

 

[—And then, it stopped hurting. His chest eased. His agony quelled. He felt his face
relax.]

 

—Anastasia grimaced. A person shouldn’t see their home as a place that could turn into a
nightmare. A servant shouldn’t see their fellow servants or their liege as people that they
could not depend on. An attendant should not doubt that their Lord or Lady would lead them
right, or that their judgement in their fellow attendants were mistaken.

 

For Subaru to have remained so steadfastly loyal to this camp, even after they had become a
nightmare that he could not fully trust…

 

The Merchant Princess shook her head. This wasn’t really her business, after all.

 



Crusch watched the screen, brow furrowed in sorrow. To want something so desperately, and
to believe that it is so far out of reach… She really couldn’t help but feel her heart ache. She
would have taken his hand, if she had been there. She really did believe that she would have
done so, yes.

 

Felt exhaled slowly. What a mess. What a total, total mess…

 

[Ah, Subaru understood. Someone is holding my hand…]

 

“—Hm?” Crusch blinked. Had someone…?

 

Someone must have followed him, then. But who? Surely not Ram, if they were holding
his…

 

[—Light. White might. Dazzling light. A guiding light, one which Subaru followed, back
to the land of—]

 

["—Are you finally awake?" Beatrice’s voice asked impatiently.]

 

Ah. Crusch huffed slightly, the ghost of a smile grazing her face. Of course it would be her.

 

[Ah, Subaru thought, blinking himself awake from where he had cried himself to sleep.
The sun is setting.]

 

“Setting?” Julius echoed.

 

They had found Rem dead in the early morning. Shortly after that, Subaru had ran into the
forest and passed out from exhaustion, stress, and grief. He had been missing for the entire
day, then.

 



[I chickened out from suicide, wept shamelessly, and fell asleep from exhaustion, Subaru
remembered, wincing. That’s too shameful to be funny or pitiable.]

 

Felt grimaced. She didn’t disagree, really, but her agreement came with no small amount of
bitterness. Nearby, Anastasia crossed her arms.

 

“That’s ridiculous,” Crusch muttered. “Who could look at that and feel anything but…?”

 

She couldn’t even finish her sentence. Subaru’s cries had come from the heart. That was what
she had seen, and Crusch Karsten would respond to that trueness of the soul in kind.

 

[I’d acted like a baby, Subaru scowled. No, I’m far lower than a baby, for babies have no
capacity to sin.]

 

The entire theater stared at the meteor in disbelief.

 

“Lower than a baby…?” Hetaro repeated, squinting as if unsure if he had heard that correctly.

 

“H…Huh…?” Rem asked meekly.

 

“What…?” Emilia croaked.

 

“I really feel like you’re being too hard on yourself,” Julius muttered, eyes filling with greater
and greater levels of worry.

 

Anastasia thought so too, if only because there was nothing to be gained by wasting time on
self-flagellation. She kept her mouth shut.

 

["Could you say something, I wonder?" Beatrice interrupted his thoughts.]



 

["…Something."]

 

In the present moment, Beatrice huffed quietly in faint amusement.

 

["What an old, rotten joke,” Beatrice retorted, tossing aside Subaru’s hand. She had
been holding it. “You are quite something, joking with that glum face."]

 

“He really is,” Reinhard marveled.

 

Felt huffed quietly with a dark sort of amusement. Beatrice hadn’t been sincere with that
comment, but Reinhard certainly was with his words of agreement.

 

[“…No sane person goes hiking dressed like that,” Subaru said, looking at her elaborate
dress.]

 

Julius exhaled in a manner that was not quite a laugh. Subaru really didn’t understand spirits,
did he…?

 

It made sense, in context.

 

["I had to intention of hiking into the mountains to begin with,” Beatrice retorted,
annoyed. “Perhaps you should not have fled to a place like this and cried yourself to
sleep?"]

 

Otto smiled, ever so slightly. Of course.

 

“Of course,” Garfiel echoed aloud. “Of course she…”

 



She did, then. Frederica had no idea what to think anymore.

 

[Oh, Subaru realized. That’s why she’s here.]

 

How could they have suspected anything else?

 

“—That has nothing to do with me.”

 

That old refrain echoed in Beatrice’s ears. She swallowed.

 

It had only been that one time, really, but still…

 

“Betty is glad she was there this time,” she murmured. “Betty is so glad…”

 

It wouldn’t last. But at least she had…

 

["Why…?”]

 

["Why what, I wonder?"]

 

["Why did you come?” Subaru asked, somewhat meekly. “I…”]

 

“Do you really need to ask?” Crusch murmured softly.

 

But of course he did. She couldn’t fault him for it.

 



—Rachins frowned. “That has nothing to do with me,” he remembered that spirit
murmuring. If anything, Subaru was being far too trusting, of a creature that had gone and
left him to die alone.

 

[While Beatrice had honored her pact to protect me, Subaru lamented weakly. I can’t tell
her anything.]

 

Wilhelm curled his lip. He was angry with Rem, at Ram, for everything that they had done to
that boy, of course. But he was even more furious with the Witch of Envy, who’d shoved
Subaru into this horrible position and bound his lips shut just to — to see him squirm. That
sort of base sadism was unforgivable.

 

—It was easier to handle this situation when there were people whom he could blame for it.

 

["I made a pact to keep you safe,” Beatrice snorted, expression sour and exasperated.
“Having you toss yourself off a cliff to kill yourself would be an affront to my dignity."]

 

“What a way to word that,” Julius murmured. Though, it made sense that a Great Spirit such
as her would word herself in such a manner. It was often very important for such prideful
beings to maintain their status, after all.

 

Beatrice really was a kind spirit, to act in such a manner even while putting on airs of doing
everything for herself, wasn’t she?

 

“—That has nothing to do with me.”

 

That had been a rather typical conclusion for a Great Spirit to draw. Julius couldn’t begrudge
her that, even if it did make his skin crawl.

 

["Weren't you supposed to be my bodyguard only till…this morning?"]

 



["—I do not recall saying anything about a time limit. You assumed incorrectly that
there was one, I suppose."]

 

…Though, those words seemed woefully out of character for this current figure. One version
of this spirit had sat by and done nothing about a situation that she could have solved almost
effortlessly, and the other had purposefully made things so much harder for herself, gone so
very far out of her way — for the sake of a boy who had only ever asked her for the bare
minimum.

 

What had changed, Julius wondered? Was it really as simple as the fact that Subaru had asked
her for help at all? Was the fact that she had been asked for help all it took to instigate such a
drastic change in behavior?

 

…Spirits were not human. Julius loved them, respected them, but he perhaps knew better
than anyone else that a human like him would never truly understand how their minds
worked. This line of thinking had likely been flawed from the start.

 

—Next to him, Anastasia was stroking her scarf.

 

You’re going out of your way to help him now? a certain spirit was snarling inwardly. It
would have taken you so little effort to head all of this off at the start — but you wasted all
that time just to help him NOW?!

 

Anastasia grimaced. Wastes of time and effort were things that she hated more than almost
anything else, and if the Great Spirit Beatrice had ever been willing to help that boy, then this
whole situation had been a waste of all that and more. As far as she was concerned, this was
the equivalent of refusing to plug a small leak and then stepping in to rebuild the whole dam
after it had already collapsed. —But Anastasia couldn’t pretend to know the inner workings
of a spirit as a human girl, and so she couldn’t bring herself to be so personally offended by a
change that seemed to come about far too late.

 

[Ah, Subaru thought. For a girl with a viper’s tongue and a foul-tempered horse's
personality…]

 



Beatrice sputtered, her eyes flying wide. “The personality of a—?! You—!!”

 

“I’m sorry, Beako, I’m sorry! I never should have—!”

 

[…Beatrice still shows such deep compassion, doesn’t she?]

 

Beatrice stopped. She was silent, for a long, long moment.

 

“…Beako?” Her contractor’s voice jolted her out of her thoughts.

 

“It’s fine, I suppose,” she replied quietly.

 

[Beatrice has not forsaken me, Subaru realized. If that’s true, then just maybe—maybe I
don’t have to give up?]

 

Beatrice had never really considered herself a compassionate being. Rather, the Great Spirit
Beatrice was a being that merely did as aligned with her obligations. Protecting the
Forbidden Library for four hundred years had been an obligation. Healing the person Emilia
had dragged into the Manor so that Bubby would agree to spend time with her had been an
obligation. Removing the curse from the guest of the Mathers Estate in order to keep the
peace at the Manor had been an obligation. —Keeping Subaru company during his night
terrors, healing the results of his self-injury habit, and siphoning away his excess mana were
also obligations, made so by her role as his contracted spirit.

 

But at some point, she had chosen her obligations, hadn’t she? At some point, Beatrice had
reached out and decided that she would be responsible for…

 

Her eyes flitted to Subaru, who was still sitting in his glass prison.

 

…And that moment, in the burning remnants of the library that had been her prison for four
hundred years — hadn’t even been the first time that she had made such a decision, had it?



 

(She didn’t know what she was feeling, at the thought that this was what Subaru remembered
whenever he looked at her. Something warm, perhaps, but also something so very, very
bitter.)

 

["This is no time for vain hopes,” Beatrice said sternly, shocking Subaru out of his
thoughts. "You cannot regain what you have lost. There is little more I can do for you.
You can no longer explain things to the older sister. You threw away that chance.”]

 

Beatrice flinched, harshly slapped out of her thoughts by the sound of her own cold voice.

 

[“I—!” I’d have told her if I could!]

 

Of course he would have. Emilia knew that Subaru would have done just about anything for
Ram, if only he were given the choice. But he didn’t even have…!

 

What else could he have done, Emilia wondered? What in Od’s name was Subaru supposed
to have done?

 

“He would have…?” Hetaro murmured. “Even after all they did, he still wanted to…?”

 

“Of course he would have,” Tivey muttered, guessing the true reasoning behind Subaru’s cry
moments before it was spelled out for them.

 

[I would have confessed all and pled for forgiveness if my heart wouldn't have been
crushed in the process, Subaru wailed inwardly. Not because it would help Ram — I
know it wouldn't — but simply for my own peace of…!]

 

Mimi grimaced. But — Mimi was a big sister, and Mimi understood that little boys
sometimes threw tantrums. And Mimi could not think of a more appropriate time for a
tantrum than this moment, right here and right now.



 

Julius exhaled slowly. It was too much, perhaps, to demand that Subaru be fully selfless in a
situation like this. Julius valued the creed of knighthood as a creed tied to his own soul, but
even he did not have the heart to deny Subaru the self-centeredness of that wish.

 

Anastasia gritted her teeth. That selfishness was raw and honest in the way that only true
selfish desire could ever really be, and that made his plea all the more heart-wrenching. It
would have been less painful, she thought, if he had cried out for the sake of someone else. If
it had been that sort of attitude, it would not make her heart clench nearly as much as it did
right now.

 

["At a time like this,” Subaru growled aloud. “Am I an idiot? …Yeah, I'm an idiot."]

 

Was he? Maybe he was. Frederica didn't think so, though: she didn't understand how anyone
could think, in a situation like this.

 

[I came this far by putting on a face, apologizing, pleading, protecting myself over and
over, Subaru scowled. And now I’ve been driven to the top of a cliff, physically and
mentally, with nowhere to run. —Run, run, run, and run some more is exactly how I
arrived at this point.]

 

That was a mindset that Ricardo was uncomfortably familiar with, if mostly from an outside
perspective. He was too familiar with it to find it aggravating. The realities inherent to that
sort of mindset just made him feel tired and sad.

 

["If you know I can't go back…” Subaru asked. “What do you plan on doing for me?"]

 

["At the very least, I will have you die where I cannot see, so as not to disturb my
dreams, I suppose,” Beatrice said. “If you wish to flee, I shall take you beyond this
domain."]

 

Rom exhaled slowly. That level of care and compassion, hidden behind words that made it
sound like something self-serving…



 

He glanced at his granddaughter, who didn’t see him looking at her. This was a good thing:
she’d probably be mad at him if she knew what he was thinking about right now.

 

[Even disguised in coldness like this, that level of kindness… Subaru’s throat closed up. If
I want to flee, she will…]

 

He was this touched by something this simple? Rachins almost wanted to punch him for that.

 

Reinhard wondered what it would take, for him to assist a suspect of a crime against the
kingdom in fleeing Lugunica. Even if he had known without a doubt that they were innocent,
would he ever be able to…?

 

But Reinhard was the sword of the kingdom. Beatrice was a Great Spirit. Their situations
were different.

 

(That reality was one that left a bitter taste in his mouth.)

 

[I don’t know what’ll happen if I go, but it can’t get any worse than this.]

 

A practical way to think. Felt would have approved, if he had been able to say that while
keeping his chin up and his eyes pointed in front of him. If things can’t get worse, then you
have to be able to take that step forward. —But you couldn’t just crawl away to hide in a
ditch somewhere, or things would never get any better, either.

 

“Can’t get any worse than this.” —But shouldn’t someone focus instead on the ways in
which their situation could get better? Crusch grimaced. To think only about running to
escape hardship, and not about striving forward to shine your brightest — that was no way
for someone to live their life.

 



[My own foolishness has wrecked my oasis — so what’s wrong with throwing away
everything and running?]

 

An oasis… Felt grimaced. What a way to think about the place where…

 

Ram said nothing, but Felt could tell that she was thinking the same. It was written all over
her dull, glazed eyes.

 

Wilhelm hated the idea of throwing everything away and running. As far as he was
concerned, a man should stand his ground and fight. Even if it hurt, even if he was scared,
even if he had nowhere left to turn — it was alright not to be able to get stronger, but a man
needed to be strong.

 

—But a man could only really be strong if there was something worth being strong for. And
this was just…

 

The old man gritted his teeth. He already knew what Subaru would choose. But, still…!

 

Ferris hated pathetic weaklings who couldn’t do anything. It reminded him far too much of
everything he hated about himself.

 

[Subaru suddenly felt blood trickle down from the cut on his cheek, and raised his hand
to touch it. But as he did—]

 

Anastasia exhaled slowly. So, he figured it out.

 

The rest of them had long understood who else had been in the woods that night — but it
seemed that this boy had been rather slow.

 

Crusch swallowed. Had he been slow — or had he been avoiding the truth in an effort to
protect the little bit of sanity that remained?



 

It didn’t matter which one it was now, Felt thought grimly. Now that he’d figured it out, he
wouldn’t be able to take it back.

 

[Ah, Subaru thought, suddenly remembering the sharpness that had cut off his leg and
slit his throat. Despair resurfaced anew across his face. “So they…double-teamed
me…”]

 

Ram felt faint. She had already figured it out, of course, but to see Subaru…

 

How many times had he remembered that moment? How often did that unforgivable decision
that Ram had made that night crossed his mind? Did it ever leave his head at all? Every biting
joke they had shared, every callous insult, every half-hearted threat that she had playfully
thrown his way—

 

How had Subaru really seen her? What had Subaru really felt about her? What had all of that
really looked like through Subaru’s eyes, with him having seen Ram—

 

[“I’LL KILL YOU—!”]

 

Had he ever been frightened of the version of her that existed now? He must have been,
right? Had she simply never noticed? Had he ever thought that Ram might just…?

 

Sick. Sick, sick, sick, sick, sick…!

 

[That was the moment of no return, wasn’t it? Subaru thought, remembering Ram’s
voice.]

 

Ram stared ahead with glazed, unseeing eyes. The moment of no return had been a good deal
before she had screamed those words of condemnation, as far as she was concerned.

 



(The moment her old self had decided to send a blade of wind to slice at his—)

 

[I never should have fled, Subaru realized. Even if I didn’t have the resolve to endure the
pain, I should have faced Ram and spoken to her. I missed my chance, and now…!]

 

And yet after all that, there was no doubt in Ram’s mind that Subaru loved her. That, more
than anything else, left her dizzy and cold. Why didn’t he hate her? Why couldn’t he just
HATE her for this?

 

[I’ll never be able to have that relationship with her back. Not ever. —Not in this world.]

 

Ram gripped her head in her hands, squeezing her eyes shut tight. He still loves me, she
thought in despair. He still loves me. Even after that, he misses me. Even after that, he wants
—!

 

Who was he? WHAT was he? How could he—?!

 

This wasn’t fair. This wasn’t fair at all. Nothing about this was fair, not one bit.

 

Let me be punished, she wanted to cry. Hit me, scream at me, HATE me — I’m begging you!

 

But begging him for that out loud — would simply hurt Subaru even more, all for her own
selfishness, and that was unacceptable. So Ram stayed silent, and held back her tears as best
she could. That — was the only thing that Ram could do for him, as she was right now.

 

(Rem watched her sister suffer in silence, and continued to search fruitlessly for something to
say.)

 

["The older sister endured for the younger,” Beatrice said, running her fingers through
her hair. She wasn’t looking at Subaru. “The younger sister lived for the older. Neither



could exist without the other. —Now that one half is lost, the whole can never return.
Roswaal is unlikely to forgive it, either."]

 

Ram wasn’t really listening anymore, but Rem tilted her head at that description. I lived for
my sister, she echoed inwardly. And my sister — endured — for me?

 

That was the sort of explanation that raised more questions than it answered.

 

["What do you mean by that?” Subaru asked. “What do you know…?"]

 

[Beatrice is avoiding something, he suspected. Something really important.]

 

Rem wondered what it was. She wondered if anyone would ever really be able to know, now
that this timeline had been…

 

["Does it truly matter to you, I wonder?” Beatrice replied. “These last four days, you
spent most of your time holed up in your room and had little contact with them. Would
the older sister let you press her about these matters now? I think not. It has nothing to
do with you."]

 

Beatrice hissed softly. What an awful thing to say to someone who…!

 

["It's not like…!” It’s not like I don’t know anything about them!]

 

[But of course, Beatrice wouldn’t know anything about that. Who would be able to
guess?]

 

“That’s fucking sick,” Rachins muttered. Reinhard grimaced, but he couldn’t disagree. There
was simply no other word that could be used to describe a situation like this.

 



[But that wasn’t the real reason Subaru’s words were dying on his tongue.]

 

[—It’s possible that I don’t know anything about them, isn’t it?]

 

The theater broke out into pandemonium.

 

“Eh?!” Mimi squawked.

 

“Don’t know— What?!” Hetaro demanded. “How does that make sense?”

 

“Of course you know them!” Garfiel shouted, eyes widening. “You spent all that time — it
meant so much to you, so of course—!”

 

“What the Hell are you going on about now?!” Rachins snapped, voice sour.

 

—Rem swallowed.

 

[Their true faces, their feelings, the bond between them…]

 

“He’s right,” Tivey muttered.

 

Both of his siblings whipped around to face him.

 

As bitter as it was, Rem thought, she herself had seen just as much as Subaru had, at this
moment — and Rem knew that she still had no idea as to what her own true nature had truly
been.

 



“It’s — a reasonable conclusion,” Julius agreed haltingly. “A week of precious memories…
But if there are too many contradictions, then at a certain point he has to believe that
something isn’t correct.”

 

“But surely he could have believed that…” Crusch trailed off.

 

It was only correct, for a person to behave as the truest version of themselves to the best of
their abilities. But despite this, the cold truth was that there was no guarantee that others
would always do such a thing. Some level of deception was usually…

 

Crusch may have been gifted with the ability to detect such deception at a glance, but this
boy had not been so fortunate. He was working blind. Suspicion on his part was reasonable.

 

—I truly have been blessed by the world, haven’t I?

 

The feeling in Crusch’s heart could not be accurately described as gratitude: it was far too
bitter for that.

 

Felt exhaled slowly. Those twins really had gone and pissed everything away, hadn’t they?

 

(Or they would have — if Subaru had been just about anyone else.)

 

[What’s the point of feeling such loss and despair — when I don’t truly know anything
about them? Subaru wondered.]

 

Somehow, the idea that Subaru didn't know anything about them—

 

The idea that Frederica had never really known anything about them—

 



Frederica croaked. It was the closest she could get to wailing her grief aloud.

 

—Garfiel noticed. She forced herself to smile at him. I'm alright. I'm your big sister, Garf, so
you shouldn't worry so much about me.

 

That would be a very good thing for this boy to realize, Anastasia thought grimly, if it
weren’t for the small detail that she already could tell that such a realization would only lead
to a greater sense of shame and loss and despair — in lieu of him finding it in himself to push
such unproductive feelings behind him.

 

[Is it all really just a bad dream? Subaru asked. Even though I’d thought of them as
precious people I wanted to protect, did I even know a single thing…?]

 

Rom was not the kind of person who needed to know everything about everyone. It was fine
to just know the basics, to just maintain politeness, to just be acquaintances on the same
block. It would not hurt him, to be reminded that familiarity and knowing were not the same
thing.

 

But this was a reality that would harm a boy like Subaru more than almost anything else.

 

There’s something to be said about the benefits of a heart that soft, Ricardo thought grimly.
But it is a reality that poses many more risks than benefits. If he can’t find a way to cope…

 

This could be enough to break him, Wilhelm understood miserably. Something like this, for
someone that kind — Wilhelm could easily see how that could make someone snap.

 

When he had been younger, Wilhelm had been the type to be far too loud and insistent about
needing nobody but himself, about making it on his own. He had long grown out of this
juvenile phase, but — was this perhaps the outcome of the opposite problem taken to the
extreme?

 



This was a truly miserable situation, the type that appeared to be tailor-made to hurt the worst
for the type of person who had been stuck at its center. Anastasia could not think of any
personality that would be harmed to a greater extent than the one who stood before her in the
present moment.

 

["So in the end,” Subaru said aloud. “I got worked up and pathetic all on my own, not
knowing, not understanding anything…?”]

 

Ferris wanted to scream. He understood this far too well.

 

If Cruschie had ever done something like this to him, if Ferris had ever begun to doubt his
knowledge of his Lady, Ferris thought he might just—

 

[“It has nothing to do with you.”]

 

Beatrice swallowed. She was certain that she had meant it as a cold sort of comfort, but in
context…

 

What a cruel thing, for her to have said to that boy, in that moment.

 

[I know nothing, Subaru realized slowly. I’d beaten away all my chances. I have nothing
left but the skin on my back…]

 

You have me! Emilia wanted to cry out. You have me, Subaru — I would never—!

 

But how could he believe her? He had already doubted her once, and she…

 

(The Witch of Envy had put him in this position — and Emilia had been compared to the
Witch of Envy all her life. She knew that Subaru would never think of her in such a manner,
but she also knew that thinking of herself like that was an easy step to take.)



 

[One by one, Subaru felt each memory from his days in the manor break part. —And
right alongside them broke Subaru’s heart.]

 

He couldn’t trust anything anymore. He couldn’t trust Rem, he couldn’t trust Ram — if even
she, who would never, ever…!

 

Emilia wanted Subaru to go back to her. She wanted Subaru to cry out for her. She wanted
Subaru to let her protect him, care for him, hold him close. —But he was doing none of those
things, because the rug had been pulled out from under his feet so completely that he could
no longer trust that anything anyone did for him was genuine.

 

I did this, Rem thought.

 

I did this, Ram thought.

 

It was a bitter, bitter sort of feeling — made bitter still by the knowledge that they had been
forgiven without ever being made aware of what they had done in the first place. How was a
person supposed to cope with a weight like that?

 

[Feeling utterly powerless, in the throes of despair, Subaru put his palms to his face and
wailed.]

 

Emilia wanted to cry at the sight. Her poor knight…!

 

“Lady Emilia…” Garfiel murmured, but he was at a loss for what to say.

 

Otto stared silently. He, too, didn’t know…

 

Pathetic, Felt thought. It wasn’t like she didn’t get it, but this was really a pathetic sight.



 

Subaru wasn’t really to blame for it though, was he? Felt knew good and well that Subaru
wasn’t the kind of person who normally just rolled over and showed his belly, not like those
losers she had lived by in the slums. She had seen enough to know that back when — she
didn’t know the full story, and now that she did, she had already seen him stand up in
impossible circumstances. He had done so for Emilia’s sake, for Old Man Rom’s sake, and…
for herself, too.

 

For Subaru to be reduced to such a state now was just…

 

Felt gritted her teeth. Just like she hated this lousy kingdom for turning those slum-dwellers
into losers who believed nothing would ever change, Felt was starting to feel a similar sort of
resentment towards the people who had responded to his simple desire to please them by
turning him into…

 

“Disgusting,” she muttered aloud.

 

Rachins frowned at her, but she didn’t elaborate. It wasn’t his business, really.

 

—Most in the theater looked on with faces of twisted anguish, to varying degrees. But
Anastasia felt herself becoming enraged.

 

Pathetic, she wanted to snap. Pathetic, this is— Get up! Get up on your feet already!

 

[Had it all been a utopia beyond my reach from the beginning? Was everything I’d had
simply a dream, the time I’d spent there a mere illusion?]

 

Stop sulking like a wounded animal! Anastasia wanted to shout. Stop whimpering and crying
and cursing the world around you as if you can’t do anything about it! Stop blaming
everything else for being how it is and get up and challenge it already!

 



Anastasia said none of this aloud, even though she wanted to scream it to the skies.

 

Ricardo noticed anyway. “Ana-bo…” he whispered. She didn’t even hear him speak.

 

[“…How long are you going to stay like that, I wonder?” Beatrice asked impatiently,
grabbing his palms and yanking him upwards. “Stand before she finds you."]

 

That’s right, Anastasia wanted to snap. She held herself back just barely. That’s right — stand
up. Stand up!

 

How could someone ever expect to get anywhere, if they couldn’t even—?!

 

["H-Hey,” Beatrice was suddenly saying. She sounded confused. “What do you think y
— Why so interested in my palms, I wonder?"]

 

Anastasia blinked. This was such an unexpected development that it surprised her right out of
her growing outrage.

 

["I've felt these hands before, just like this...” Subaru said in a wondering tone. His
despair appeared to have been paused. He was feeling her palms, looking oddly
enamored. When I was sleeping here by the cliff… “Earlier, did you…?"]

 

“Of course it had been her,” Emilia murmured.

 

“Of course,” Garfiel agreed.

 

“Who else could it have been?” Otto sighed.

 



["...I shall regret it for the rest of my days.” Beatrice looked away. “Perhaps you were
simply too wretched as you slept like that?"]

 

Emilia exhaled slowly. Even if Beatrice wouldn’t be upfront about it, at least that little bit of
kindness had…

 

[But — that’s not the only time, right…?]

 

The entire theater seemed to blink as one.

 

[That’s not the only time I felt warmth when in pain, when in torment at the hands of a
nightmare…]

 

“Ah,” Rom said quietly.

 

Felt jolted. “What?” she demanded. “Rom— What is it?”

 

Rom didn’t say anything, silently motioning for her to keep watching.

 

[“Back then…” Subaru recalled, remembering his one night of sleep in the manor.
“Someone held both my hands..."]

 

Felt sucked in a breath. Oh .

 

[Beatrice raised an eyebrow, looking suspicious.]

 

“Either of you gonna fess up?” Rachins scowled. Reinhard tilted his head.

 



[But a single person can’t hold two hands at once like that, Subaru was thinking, staring
at both of his hands as his mind raced. A single person lying on a bed alongside another
and holding both hands without difficulty…?]

 

“Eh?” Mimi frowned. “So — it was more than one person? But…”

 

“There are only so many people at the manor,” Hetaro said. “If only of them could have been
Emilia, then…?” He tilted his head. “We’re any of them even her at all?”

 

[So then, who could have—]

 

Tivey exhaled slowly.

 

“Oh,” Julius said quietly.

 

It was a rather poetic conclusion, wasn’t it? That sort of scene was something out of his
collection of chivalrous storybooks. The gentle kindness of two maidservants to a strange boy
staying in their manor, given without asking for anything in return… It was the sort of scene
that appealed to the idealist in his soul.

 

—Or, it would. If the additional context of…

 

“My sister is too kind.”

 

It left a very sour, complicated aftertaste in his mouth.

 

[Ah, Subaru thought. I get it.]

 

What was it? Frederica didn't understand. What was it? What did he get?



 

Oddly enough, Julius realized that he felt somewhat offended. That scene he had pictured
was something out of his beloved storybooks — and so, with that horrible background
surrounding it, it felt as though the twins had unintentionally spat on his novellas. It was as
though the two of them had gone out of their way to — twist the stories he loved so much
into something cruel and perverse.

 

This wasn’t a fair assessment, and he knew that it wasn’t a fair assessment — but Julius
couldn’t get it out of his head.

 

“Who was it?” Mimi pressed, tugging at Anastasia’ sleeve. Julius blinked out of his thoughts.
“What did he figure out? Who held his hands? Why is he…?”

 

Anastasia’s face was grim, herself lost in thought. Julius opened his mouth to explain in her
stead, but—

 

["Ram,” Subaru breathed. “Rem."]

 

—It appeared that there would be no need for it.

 

“Hah?” Rachins raised an eyebrow.

 

It was them? That didn’t…

 

Did that make sense?

 

“It was us?” Rem whispered. Her mind felt blank. She had no memories that she could draw
from, after all, that would allow her to judge whether this would be in-character for her old
self or now.

 



Ram did have her memories intact — but the recent revelation of what she had done to
Subaru had shattered her ability to trust her judgement of her own character to pieces. She
said nothing, only meeting her little sister’s questioning eyes with a helpless look on her face.

 

Frederica blinked. It was...?

 

[“I’LL KILL YOU—!”]

 

Ram would never be able to get those words out of her head. She’d never be able to…

 

[But more than that, Subaru thought…]

 

That — sounded much more like the Ram that Frederica had come to know and love, over
the past ten years of her life. Didn't it sound like...?

 

[“Can’t you make the crying stop?”]

 

Rom stared at the screen in disbelief.

 

[That horrible, horrible wailing in despair— Subaru swallowed, his shattered heart
managing to raise its aching head. I can’t get it out of my head, can I?]

 

“That’s what he thinks about,” Ricardo said hoarsely. “Above all else— even after they…
Even when she said something like…”

 

It was almost unfathomable. Except Ricardo was watching Subaru do exactly that, before his
very eyes.

 



(He didn’t like this. The thought of having to explain why it bothered him so much in front of
those dark eyes made his head and his heart both begin to ache.)

 

“What should you care?” Felt muttered, far too quietly for Subaru to hear. “What should you
care, if they — held your hands through a nightmare? How does that even begin to make up
for…?”

 

The answer was that it didn’t, not at all. It didn’t even begin to approach fair compensation,
or reparations, or payback. It was ridiculous to think that those two actions were on anywhere
near the same level as one another.

 

—It was with dread, that Felt already knew what conclusion Subaru was going to draw here
regardless.

 

There wasn’t even a guarantee that it had been the twins, Rom grimaced. All Subaru had to
go off of here was a mere hunch, based on the likelihood that two people had held his hands
rather than simply one. And yet here he was, and…

 

[I’m the sort to pick the path of least resistance, Subaru thought.]

 

No, you’re not, Rachins snorted inwardly. You’re always making things so much harder for
yourself than they need to be.

 

Someone who picked the path of least resistance would have left that batshit manor behind
entirely. Someone who picked the path of least resistance wouldn’t have tried to fight the
Bowel Hunter. Someone who picked the path of least resistance — wouldn’t have bit back at
him and his friends so hard, back in that alleyway in the Capital of Lugunica .

 

Subaru didn’t know what a life of picking that path would really be like. Rachins wondered
— could someone like Subaru even conceive of a mindset like that?

 



[I don’t want to feel pain, suffering, despair, Subaru reflected. Just the thought of living
with such burdens makes me want to run…]

 

Nobody liked to be in pain. That was why Reinhard was in the role that he was in. As the
Sword Saint of Lugunica, he was to shield civilians like Subaru from pain, and suffering, and
despair. But Reinhard was a monster, albeit one who fought monsters, and so even with his
best efforts, he…

 

Reinhard should have been there. Subaru — would have been better off, if Reinhard had been
there to save him. Reinhard was a monster who fought monsters, but when Subaru had been
at the mercy of the monsters of the Mathers Estate, Reinhard had been nowhere to be found.

 

["What…stupid things am I thinking here…?” Subaru muttered. “I lived this time and
everything…”]

 

[But I don’t wanna run anymore.]

 

A person should always live in the manner that allowed their soul to shine brightest. This was
a truth that Crusch believed in with all her heart.

 

—So why did that conclusion, which should have been in-line with her core principles, leave
her feeling so uneasy?

 

[What’s wrong with fighting for an easier, more enjoyable life?]

 

There was nothing wrong with that. Far from it: that fight was one that everyone was born
with the obligation to pursue, as far as Anastasia was concerned. —But that answer was
making her feel unusually uneasy, right now.

 

What is Subaru really thinking right now…?

 



Felt believed that everyone should fight for the life that they wanted, because only losers
settled for anything less than what they desired. Felt already knew that Subaru was no loser,
not really, even if — he had his more pathetic moments here and there. Felt was not at all
surprised by him reaching the conclusion that he needed to fight for the life that he wanted,
though she was relieved by it.

 

But at the same time…

 

“Something feels off,” she muttered.

 

Reinhard blinked. “Lady Felt?”

 

["That's right,” Subaru decided. “My life's mine. That's why — I’ll decide how I use
it.”]

 

Wilhelm felt lost. There was something here that he wasn’t getting. There was something
here that was preventing him from understanding what…

 

Wilhelm was not the sort of person who understood people at a glance, and he had long come
to terms with this shortcoming of his. But there were moments, like now, where he wished
more than anything that he could just — be on the same page as the people he cared about.

 

—Something about that conclusion sounded off, didn’t it? Ferris couldn’t bring himself to
answer why that might be the case, or why his soul felt as though it had abandoned his body
in terror.

 

Why am I…?

 

[I’ve made my choice, then. No going back now, is there…?]

 

Rom exhaled slowly. Quietly, he braced himself for what he knew was coming next.



 

["—You dithered too much,” Beatrice muttered, cautious eyes fixed on the nearby
forest.]

 

“Oh no,” Ram groaned, so softly that only her sister could hear it. Rem swallowed: the pain
in her older twin’s voice made her heart feel as though it were being crushed.

 

Anastasia exhaled through her nose. This is what happened, when someone refused to stop
sulking and do something about their situation already.

 

(And — that, was what Subaru had meant, wasn’t it?)

 

["I've finally found you,” Ram snarled, stalking towards them from the trees with eyes
thick with hatred. Subaru’s heart clenched. “You will go no farther."]

 

—The sight of the state her older sister was in made Rem croak.

 

“Ram…” Garfiel choked out, his face twisted and anguished.

 

Emilia exhaled slowly. Seeing her friend in such a sorry state made her heart clench. “Oh,
Ram,” she murmured.

 

Otto glanced across the room, face carefully blank. Ram…

 

In the present moment, Ram stared at the screen and said nothing.

 

[Ram has none of her usual meticulous look, Subaru thought sadly. With those tears in
her skirt, the lack of a headdress, that windswept hair…]

 



That woman looks like an animal, Ram thought dully. That woman looks like an enraged
beast…

 

Was this how Subaru remembered her?

 

[—Those sisters dressed each other and did each other's hair, right?]

 

Mimi flinched violently.

 

That was right. The older sister had always been dressed and cleaned in the morning by the
younger sister. And now the younger sister was gone, and the older sister had been left
behind, and — this was the result. The way that the older sister looked now was—

 

If it had been Mimi — would she end up looking like that, too?

 

The thought was unbearable, and Mimi had no choice but to reach out and grab her younger
brothers and tug them both so tight to her chest that nothing could ever, ever—!

 

“Ow!” Tivey cried.

 

“Onee-chan, wha—?!” Hetaro struggled fruitlessly against her grip, but stilled when he felt it
tighten still. “O-Onee-chan—?”

 

“You’re never doing that,” Mimi growled. “Neither of you are ever — Mimi is never, ever
gonna let either of you…!”

 

They’d never leave her. They’d never die without her. She’d never see the backs of them like
this. Mimi would die first, she was sure of it. That was the deal. That was how it was, being
an older sister.

 



That disheveled look — was the look of an older sister who’d just had her role violently
stripped away from her. It terrified Mimi down to her core, because the very thought of being
in a position like…!

 

“Never,” she snarled, gripping them both tight. “Never, never, never—!”

 

“O-Onee-chan—!”

 

“Please let go—!”

 

Ricardo smiled slightly at the sight of the triplets, but it lacked any real amusement. He was
still angry at that girl, but the sight in front of him was just…

 

(It would have to have been a pain like no other, to lose your other half.)

 

—Even seeing Ram staring him down like a bloodthirsty mabeast, all Subaru could think
about was how her sister had helped her get ready every morning. Even now, his thoughts
were so fondly domestic…!

 

More and more, Ram was feeling as though she had stepped into a puddle only to find that it
had no bottom. Had Subaru always been like this? —Apparently, the answer was “Yes.”

 

[I know that, Subaru remembered. I know they told me at some point.]

 

Frederica—

 

That was right, actually.

 



There were plenty of small things that Frederica knew about Ram, weren't there? She hadn't
known about — this — but—

 

[I know a lot of other things about them, too.]

 

Ram wanted to cry. Just those little things — and he thought so fondly of her, just for that?

 

There was likely no truer expression of love, than for a person to think of those little details
of someone else’s life with such warmth and pride. Faced with such searing affection from a
boy she had wronged in a manner that should have been unforgivable — what was Ram to
do, in a position like that?

 

“Oh, Subaru,” Emilia murmured. She sounded very, very sad.

 

Those little things mattered so much to him, didn’t they? Just knowing those little details,
those little quirks, those little things about the people with whom he worked side by side…

 

It was an easy fallacy to fall prey to, the idea that it was only the big revelations that counted.
But in his old age, Rom had long learned that it was the little things — the way a man drank
his tea, the manner in which a girl fidgeted in her seat, the little speech quirks that arose when
a woman was flustered mid-conversation — it was all those little things that made those close
relationships so very, very precious.

 

For someone like Subaru, who valued those relationships so, so closely…could Rom even
comprehended what those little things meant, to a boy like that?

 

[“Would you relent, I wonder?” Beatrice threatened. “So long as the pact is active, I
cannot hold back against anyone.”]

 

["Lady Beatrice,“ Ram returned. “It is you who should stand aside. I cannot hold back
against you, either."]



 

["A joke, I suppose. Did I hear you say to hold back in regards to me?"]

 

["Perhaps you have forgotten you are not in the mansion, Lady Beatrice? Do you truly
believe you can protect that man away from the archive, here in the forest?”]

 

[Her strength comes with limitations, and this is one of them, Subaru noted. But she’s
still…]

 

—Beatrice was like that too, wasn’t she?

 

Emilia couldn’t help but think this, watching the girl in the meteor. All Beatrice would have
known, at this point in time, was that Subaru was a very frightened boy who had shown up at
the manor just a couple of days ago and asked for her to keep him safe. And yet, as harsh as
her words and behavior may be, she had responded to that simple plea by going above and
beyond — challenging even the ones who should have been the closest thing she had to allies
in order to protect the one who had cried for help from his bed.

 

That was the version of Beatrice that Subaru saw, wasn’t it? This selfless, heroic, kind-
hearted girl was…

 

["—Boing.”]

 

Julius made a very loud noise somewhere between a squawk and a shriek, recoiling
backwards in his seat. Next to him, Ricardo broke out into loud laughter.

 

Emilia started, shocked right out of her reminiscence. “Wha—?!”

 

[Bouncy, bouncy…]

 



Crusch felt a bit like she had taken a step down the stairs only for her foot to go through
empty air. Had he missed something? A turn-around this drastic was—

 

Felt’s stomach felt as though someone had suddenly filled it up with stones. Her face felt
cold. She felt cold all over, actually. Subaru…?

 

Anastasia stayed very, very still, feeling as though her worst suspicions had just been
unilaterally confirmed.

 

[“Mm,“ Subaru nodded, smiling in satisfaction at finally having pulled on Beatrice’s
large pigtails. “That felt pretty good."]

 

“Had he been holding himself back…?” Rachins frowned. Rom chuckled very slightly, still
tense all over with anticipation.

 

“Fe—” Ferris swallowed, and then forced himself to laugh. “Feels good, hm, Subaru-kyun?”
he teased loudly, trying desperately to drown out the sound of his thundering heartbeat.
“Were nyew just dy—” He shook his head violently. “We’re nyew just ACHING to pull on
poor Beatrice’s hair, this whole time? Poor, p-poor Subaru-kyun—”

 

“Truly a menace!” Ricardo crowed. “Menace to society, going around petting everything that
moves like the first-rate fur connoisseur that he is—!”

 

“O—” Subaru’s face was oddly pale, but he tried to play along. “O-Oh be quiet, both of—”

 

["W-W-W-Wh…” After a moment of shock, Beatrice spun around. Subaru inclined his
head, as if perplexed. ”What are you doing, I wonder?!” she demanded, eyes wide. “Do
you have a death wish, I suppose?!"]

 

“A reasonable question!” Julius snapped. “Reaching over to — to manhandle a Great Spirit
like that out of nowhere — and after she had gone to such lengths to—!”



 

Nobody was listening to him, not really. Even Julius himself wasn’t really…

 

Beatrice stared at the screen, tense all over. It wasn’t that she was surprised by Subaru
suddenly tugging on her pigtails — if anything, she was somewhat surprised that it had taken
him this long to give it a try. But, this sudden turn-around on her contractor’s part…

 

“Stupid contractor,” she muttered, shaking her head, trying to ease her nerves. “Stupid,
stupid, stupid…!”

 

["Don't be silly,” Subaru replied. “I don't wanna die one tiny bit. When you die, it
should be one time, to end your life for good.” He patted Beatrice’s shoulder, walking
straight past her. “I truly believe that."]

 

That — should have been a reassuring statement. Ferris should have heard that and felt
relieved, right? So, why…?

 

Why was he suddenly tense all over?

 

“S-Silly Subaru-kyun,” he forced out. It hurt to smile, but he did it anyway. “Doesn’t he
knyow how s-silly that sounds, to…?”

 

[Ram was staring at him with a look of astonishment — but as he approached, she
composed herself once more.]

 

["Quite some nerve,” Ram said. “Finally resigned to your fate?"]

 

He must look insane, Rom grimaced. A turn-around like that, with no reasoning at all…to
that girl, Subaru must seem utterly mad. And approaching her like that, no less…!

 



["Not exactly,” Subaru replied. “More like…I decided to do something."]

 

In the audience, Ricardo grew still, his smile abruptly falling off his face.

 

[Ram scowled. "—What?"]

 

“Eh?” Mimi wondered. “Do something…?”

 

Anastasia didn’t answer her. She had gone rigid a while ago.

 

["Sorry,” Subaru apologized. “Because I was sloppy, I brought you girls so much
sadness."]

 

Rom swallowed. He knew what was coming next.

 

It wasn’t like he and Anastasia hadn’t considered this as a potential factor. In fact, it was the
very first conclusion that the both of them had drawn.

 

After all, if someone had the ability to rewind time at will — didn’t it stand to reason that
they would want to use it?

 

["—! So you did do something to Rem…?!"]

 

Rom had hoped that Subaru’s good nature would prevent him from considering it an option.
—But it seemed that very trait would be the thing pushing him to draw that conclusion,
wouldn’t it?

 

Anastasia had set that worry aside, due to finding so many other parts of this situation so
much more immediately worrisome. But now she was reminded of her initial trepidation —



and of the fact that an ability like this could very easily become…

 

["No, sorry, but I honestly don't know,” Subaru said. “There's so much I don't know.
But...” He took a deep breath. “There's so much I don't know, but I think I know one
thing now."]

 

“What’s going on?” Tivey whispered. “Lady Anastasia, why are you…?”

 

Anastasia shook her head, teeth set firmly in a line.

 

Hetaro tilted his head, perplexed — but Tivey’s eyes widened in realization. His head
whipped back around to the meteor. “He’s not—!”

 

["—What's the point?!" Ram shouted back, swinging down her foot to stamp against
the ground. “Rem is already dead! There’s no taking that back! What good is it that you
know something now?!”]

 

“There’s no taking that back!” —As soon as the woman onscreen had cried that aloud, Otto
realized what it was that Subaru was about to do.

 

“NO—!” he cried out, lurching forward in his seat.

 

["I'm not gonna say I can do anything,” Subaru said sadly. “It's because I couldn't do
anything that things ended up like this. I know more than anyone that's not gonna
convince anyone."]

 

Garfiel sucked in a breath. Now that Otto had figured it out, it wasn’t difficult for him to—

 

“Captain,” he said hoarsely. His voice was oddly quiet, but somehow far more intense than
one may have expected. “Captain, you didn’t—!”



 

“Eh?” Mimi startled. “Garf, what’s—?”

 

[I regret it, really, Subaru thought. I hate myself for my own stupidity and weakness. If I
could die from shame, I might have been dead already.]

 

Crusch shifted uncomfortably. Living life with one’s head bowed and shoulders hunched was
an utter waste, she believed that with all her heart and soul. But — Subaru had only been
moping like that for a couple of days, and it had been well-deserved with the context of what
he had gone through — and he had been about to pick himself back up just that morning, the
moment he’d thought that the danger had passed. The thought of condemning him so harshly
when he had only ever been hurting was…

 

It left a sour taste in her mouth.

 

“Ooh, that’s not good,” Ricardo growled quietly. “That’s really, really not…”

 

[Still, my shameful behavior, my shameful living, my pathetic helplessness — those
brought me here. And, thus, to this conclusion.]

 

That was how it worked, wasn’t it? All experiences, savory and not, always led up to the
present moment. Because of that, it was useless to scorn the past and wallow in misery over
what could no longer be changed. As far as Felt was concerned, the only thing a person could
do was take their licks and march forward with their head held high.

 

But the march that Subaru was planning to take right now—!

 

["And what is it you know about Rem and me?!" Ram demanded furiously.]

 

“Absolutely nothing,” Rachins growled. He believed he had figured it out. “You know
absolutely nothing about them, you idiot, so don’t you fucking DARE—!”



 

A man didn’t need to know much, to want to protect the people he cared about. Wilhelm
understood this. But not knowing much, and knowing—

 

“Mana of water, heal this body.”

 

Those were two different things. Wilhelm may have called that forgiveness a strength once
upon a time, but this was toeing the line. —And if Subaru’s forgiving nature was pushing him
to do what he was growing more and more terrified that the boy would do—!

 

["…You have a point,” Subaru admitted. “I don't know any of the important stuff
between you. But…”]

 

Chivalry was a virtue. Selflessness was a virtue. Forgiveness was a virtue. Julius considered
all of those traits vital for anyone presenting themselves as anything remotely similar to a
knight.

 

But this —

 

Julius felt as though he was looking at a horrible, horrible perversion of something he had
grown to cherish deeply, as a part of his very soul. It felt like poisonous spiders crawling
along his spine.

 

“S-Subaru…!” he choked out.

 

But there was nothing he could say, and nothing he could do.

 

[I’ve spent almost twenty days together with them, Subaru reflected. They don’t know that,
and I can’t tell them. —But I remember. Even if they’ve forgotten, my soul…!]

 



“Subaru?” Emilia called out, voice growing tenser by the moment. “Subaru, what are you—?
You’re scaring me. What are you doing?”

 

Beatrice knew that Subaru cherished them all deeply. She had known for a very long time,
that he cherished them all on a level almost unheard of, that he loved them all with all his
heart to soul. But this level of obsession was…

 

But that wasn’t even the worst of it, was it?

 

“Subaru…” she breathed. “Subaru, you didn’t…!”

 

(But of course, what was there for Subaru to say?)

 

[I saw them. Laughed with them. Spent time with them. Those worlds where I walked
alongside them— Those worlds really had existed.]

 

—That was right.

 

Frederica had laughed with, walked with, spent her life with Ram for ten years. She had spent
her life with Rem, too, even if neither of them remembered it. That had happened. She hadn't
imagined those memories.

 

Wasn't it silly, to pretend as though those memories never even happened?

 

If those worlds existed, Rem thought grimly. Then so did…

 

“Mana of water, heal this body.”

 

[So—]



 

Did Subaru even realize that, Rem wondered? Did he realize that the same logic that he used
to praise Emilia, to love her and her sister, to hold all of them so close to his heart — was the
exact same logic that he should be using to condemn her?

 

Did Subaru even realize how hypocritical he was being, or was it entirely automatic?

 

["There's no way you girls knew this," Subaru said. “But…”]

 

["What…”]

 

If Subaru was doing all of this to repay Lady Emilia for saving his life in a time that no
longer existed, then — surely, by his own logic, he should be holding a grudge against the
people who so viciously took it away from him, right? Wouldn’t that only be fair? It would be
fair. Rem knew it would be fair. It was the natural conclusion. Any reasonable person would
say that past loops either mattered or not, they wouldn’t pick and choose like this. And
Subaru had decided at the very start that they were all precious and valued memories, didn’t
he?

 

So why—

 

[Subaru took a deep breath, and shouted—]

 

Why—

 

["I! LOVE! BOTH OF YOU!"]

 

Why didn’t this boy hate her for what she did to him?

 

[The blunt, worrywart big sister.]



 

Ram’s lower lip quivered. She folded her arms, forcing a stony expression onto her face. It
was harder than it usually was, to keep this look plastered across her cheeks and her eyes.

 

[The sarcastic, superficially polite little sister.]

 

The younger Oni girl stared at the screen, barely able to believe what she was seeing.

 

That’s how you see me? Rem wanted to ask. Even after everything, THIS is how you see me?

 

[The days spent with them both are precious memories to me, Subaru decided. Even
though they’ve killed me more than once.]

 

Rem didn’t get him. Rem didn’t understand him. Rem could not wrap her mind around
Natsuki Subaru at all.

 

An uncomfortable feeling was rising in her stomach.

 

Rem was no longer wary of this boy. If she were being honest with herself, she had not been
truly wary of him for some time. But this behavior frightened her — not because of what it
might make him to do other people…

 

[They’re precious enough that, if I had the choice to spend time with them once more, I’d
definitely make that choice.]

 

…but because of what it might drive this boy to do to himself.

 

[Ram opened her eyes wide, freezing in shock.]

 



Frederica barked out a laugh. Next to her, Garfiel startled. "B-Big Sis?!"

 

That was right. Frederica loved Ram like a little sister. Whatever may have happened, that
was something that she knew in her very heart and soul. So...

 

It still mattered. But — it wasn't the entire story, was it? So...

 

How confusing that must have been, Reinhard sympathized. With how Subaru had been
acting this loop…just what sort of conclusions could someone draw about him, except for the
idea that he must be utterly mad?

 

[Of course she’s shocked, Subaru knew. From her point of view, what I just said is
meaningless, empty nonsense. —And I’d already abandoned them, didn’t I…?]

 

Abandonment? He had run away from a terrifying situation in a fit of terror, with there being
nothing he could do and nothing he could say. How could anyone call that abandonment?

 

“That’s not abandonment,” Beatrice said. Her face was morphing into a snarl. “That’s not
abandonment. Abandonment would be…!”

 

In Emilia’s mind, it finally clicked into place — and icy terror flooded through her veins as if
a dam had shattered in her mind. “SUBARU!”

 

[Ram lunged — but Subaru had already started to run.]

 

[—Right towards the edge of the cliff.]

 

Ferris’ eyes widened as everything finally clicked, and he was no longer allowed to ignore
what was right in front of his nose. “NO—!” he screamed.

 



[“Wait—!”]

 

And just like that, Frederica was snapped back to reality.

 

Wait, she thought, her relieved smile slipping off her face like water. Then—

 

"WAIT!" she screamed.

 

[Was it Ram or Beatrice who had cried out? Subaru didn’t know.]

 

The theater burst into utter pandemonium.

 

“No!” Garfiel cried. “No— No, Captain—!”

 

“You didn’t!” Mimi shrieked. “You didn’t, you didn’t, you DIDN’T—!”

 

“Don’t!” Rachins yelled. “You little— What are you doing?! What are you doing?!”

 

“Get back, get back there—!”

 

“Stop it!”

 

“Don’t you even— NO—!”

 

As the panicked voices of everyone else filled the room, growing in their intensity the closer
Subaru got to the edge, Ram sat there silently, watching the meteor as if frozen still, and
wondered—



 

In that moment, had she lunged with intent to attack? Or had she lunged in a desperate
attempt to stop him when she saw that he was rushing towards the edge of the cliff?

 

(Had there, in fact, still been a chance for them to talk it out after all?)

 

[I’d meant to be determined, but now my thought process is like someone’s clawed it apart.]

 

“You little—” Ricardo growled, clawing at the sides of his head. His eyes were wild. “You
little—!”

 

[My heart is beating hard, but my body creaks all over, as if to betray my mind. My limbs
felt like leaden weights. I’m running with all my might, but the world feels like it’s in slow
motion. —It’s like my mind is putting off the results of my change of heart as long as it
possibly can.]

 

[Subaru huffed. So stupid. I’m conflicted even now…!]

 

Felt stared at the screen with gritted teeth. “You idiot,” she snarled. “You idiot—!”

 

When she had wished for him to get back to his feet, she hadn’t meant—!

 

[I know why. I’ve clung to living without shame until now. Even when I’d wanted to die,
I’d chickened out in the end, able only to fall to my knees. —But I can do it now.]

 

A person should live their life in a way that allowed their soul to shine brightest. This was
what Crusch believed with all her heart.

 

—But what was she supposed to feel, faced with a situation where living in such a manner
meant throwing one’s life away?



 

Surely this wasn’t the only way, she thought in horror. She was on her feet yelling with
everyone else. Surely this wasn’t—!

 

But what if it was? If this really had been the only way, if there really had been only those
two options — which one would she have preferred Subaru to choose?

 

Did Crusch even know the answer to that?

 

[“—It’s rude to Beatrice, huh…?” Subaru murmured, as his final regret.]

 

“Rude…?” Beatrice choked out. She was shaking all over. Her hands were clawing at her
arms. “Y-You… You would call this — rude?”

 

Eridna half-opened her eyes to watch her fellow Artificial Spirit from Anastasia’s rigid back.
Nobody noticed her, just like nobody ever did.

 

Frederica let out a strangled cry, true horror finally spreading through her veins as she
realized what it was that she was about to witness.

 

And yet — she couldn't bring herself to look away.

 

[A few steps more. I’m too scared to count them. Pathetic. Insane. I wanna laugh. I can’t
laugh.]

 

Wilhelm wished that he had been more afraid. Wilhelm wished that he had lost his nerve.
Wilhelm wished that— that—

 

But it was useless to wish for such a thing, because all of this had been said and done a long,
long time ago.



 

—Wilhelm wished he could stop himself from hyperventilating, wide eyes and small pupils
fixed on the meteor with a look of utter terror.

 

[All that I’m leaving behind is a life of living death. Giving up on a future in that manor
would mean that I’d already died inside.]

 

Anastasia pressed her lips together, unnervingly calm in a room that was quickly descending
into chaos. She supposed that was somewhat true, with how this boy had been acting.

 

That was rather worrying, wasn’t it?

 

[If I can live as a dead man walking, I can do "something" with that life.]

 

Old Man Rom, too, was still and quiet. He understood this, more than he thought he should.
After all, there had been a time when…

 

But he’d had Felt, and that had been something he could do with his life after the
Demihuman War had been lost.

 

[And that decision, to do something instead of doing nothing—]

 

["—I'm the only one who can do it!”]

 

“Get your head out of your ass!” Rachins shouted. “No you’re not, get your head OUT of
your— Just because you CAN doesn’t mean—!”

 

—Reinhard knew that feeling, didn’t he?

 



Reinhard knew how it felt, to be the only one capable of saving someone else. That was the
reason why he was — in the position that he was in.

 

To see someone else realizing that they, too… And to see them leaping forward into that
position with such a light in their eyes…

 

Did Subaru even realize what the weight of that position would mean? Did he even—?

 

It didn’t feel good. Reinhard didn’t feel well. He didn’t know what he was feeling, but he
knew that it was nothing good.

 

[And Subaru was clawing at the air, feet having finally left the ground. He could touch
nothing. He could reach nothing. Nothing more could be done.]

 

Mimi screamed. Her brothers clutched at her, pulling her back from where she had attempted
to leap at the meteor with all her strength, momentarily forgetting that there was no possible
way that she could pull him back safely onto the ground. “NO! NO NO NO—!”

 

[So fast, Subaru thought dimly. Such strong wind. My eyes hurt. My head hurts. My ears
are ringing. My head is ringing. I feel like I left behind my beating heart. —I can’t even
hear the ringing anymore.]

 

As Julius looked down at that hard, rocky Earth that was rapidly growing closer and closer—

 

Ah, thought the Finest of Knights, in a dim, distant sort of way. That’s why I recognized this
place.

 

[“I’LL KILL YOU—!”]

 

[That hate-filled voice could not chase him any longer.]



 

Julius had chased him here, once. Or, rather — he had waited for him, at the very top of that
cliff, right where Subaru had been standing at that very moment. And then, he had leapt right
after him, hadn’t he?

 

It didn’t matter. He had been — several lifetimes too late.

 

[Nothing could, not anymore—]

 

(When he had leapt, had Julius landed on Subaru’s grave?)

 

[If it ends with my final death…]

 

“WHAT?!” Garfiel shrieked.

 

“What are you talking about?!” Beatrice cried. “What are you— What are you—?!”

 

[…Then that is that.]

 

Emilia wailed. It was a screeching, shattering, unearthly sort of sound.

 

“That is that?!” Otto demanded in a shrill sort of panic, clutching at his hat with both hands.
“That is that?! Subaru, what the HELL do you mean, ‘That is that’—?!”

 

“Wha—” Rem choked out. “Wh— Why—?”

 

Why would he do that? Why would he risk that? What could she have possibly done, to
convince him that he needed to—?



 

Ram could only stare with wide eyes at the screen as Subaru fell, fell, fell to the rough and
stony ground below. And as she watched, she thought—

 

[“I’LL KILL YOU—!”]

 

Those words were only an echo in the back of Ram’s mind, now. After all, it paled in
comparison to…

 

[But if I — if only I — can go back, then…!]

 

(But it would likely be omnipresent, would it not? An omnipresent echo that would last the
rest of her life.)

 

[“I’ll save you!” Subaru shouted. “I swear!”]

 

[There was a loud, final crunch, like a melon being split apart.]

 

And with that, the theater went dead silent, frozen still by the grizzly cracking sound echoing
from the walls and through their minds.

 

[And then the screen went dark.]

 

For a long moment, the theater was quiet.

 

Subaru shrank away from the cast, unsure of what he could do, what he could say. He opened
his mouth. Closed it. Repeated it several times.

 



He was not the first to speak.

 

“You…” Mimi forced out, breaking the silence with a voice like ice. She was trembling.
Everyone could hear it. Slowly, very slowly, the mercenary turned from the meteor to the jar
that held the focus of her ire. Her eyes were glittering with rage, every hair on her body on
end, bristling. “You…!”

 

“Onee-chan,” Hetaro whispered, though his heart wasn’t in it.

 

Tivey didn’t even bother. He, too, was gritting his teeth together, fists clenched tight as his
anger rose and rose and rose inside his chest until it began to burn.

 

Subaru swallowed, and then took the risk of opening his mouth. “L-Look—”

 

“Look at what, Subaru?” Ferris spat, voice filled with enough acid to melt through steel.
Even having expected it, Subaru recoiled. “At what? Look at nyer — nyer dead body? Nyer
bloodied corpse? The life nyew threw away, all the people nyew left behind just so nyew
could—!”

 

“I didn’t HAVE anything in that timeline!” Subaru retorted. “I threw everything away, it was
a dead end!”

 

Beatrice croaked.

 

“It’s NYEVER a dead end!” Ferris snarled. “There’s always something to live for, something
that can be done! But nyew didn’t even try, nyew didn’t even— even—!”

 

To throw away one’s life was the worst of sins, as far as Ferris was concerned. To use it as a
tool, to toss it aside like trash, to treat it lackadaisically and without proper care — all of it
was unforgivable. Life was a precious, precious thing, and anyone who disregarded that gift
may as well have been spitting in his face.



 

And for Subaru to— to—!

 

And he did it with a smile on his face, Ferris thought. He felt dizzy and nauseous. When he
leapt off that cliff, he had a SMILE on his—!

 

Wilhelm knew that he should be calming Ferris down. He knew that his emotionally fragile
colleague needed his support. He knew that nothing could be done to change this.

 

But Wilhelm could get angry, too.

 

“You actually did it,” he said aloud. Subaru shrank away from his tone. “You actually…”

 

He thought he felt the armrest crackle under his tightening grip.

 

“Calm down,” Crusch said. Her voice was shaking, even as she tried to steady it and reach
out to her two subjects. “Calm down, both of you need to…”

 

“How dare you do something like that?!” Ricardo snarled. He was clutching the triplets close,
an uncharacteristic anger apparent on his face. Subaru recoiled: he had never seen that sort of
look on the mercenary captain before, not even during the fight against the Whale and the
Witch Cult. “You— Of all the things ya could have done, you—?!”

 

“How DARE nyew?!” Ferris cried. “Nyew— Throwing nyer life away like that is just— And
right in front of—! How could nyew DO such a thing?!”

 

“It’s completely disrespectful to the people who care about ya is what it is!” Ricardo roared.
The noise was thunderous, and threatened to make those nearest to him go deaf. “Tossing
away yer life like that— Do ya not understand what an enormous insult that was?!”

 



“The Great Spirit went out of her way to alter your contract so that she could help you!”
Julius snapped. “Do you have any idea how much a spirit has to care, in order to do such a
thing?! And then you— you made her WATCH as you—!”

 

“I dunno shit about spirits, but I know that ain’t right!” Rachins snarled. “If you had tried
something like that in front of— of—!”

 

“If you don’t wanna get hurt, cough up everything you’ve got!”

 

Tears beaded in the corners of his eyes. Could he really say—?

 

“It was a shit thing to do,” Felt said, taking Rachins place in stride as he faltered. Her face
was grim. “I get why ya did it, but…”

 

Rachins whipped around to face his Lady. How could you say something like that?! he
wanted to demand. But even as his mouth worked and worked, nothing came out.

 

“Subaru— What do— Why?!” Garfiel wailed. “Why would you do something like—?!”

 

He knew why. Captain was a hero. Heroes saved lives, even if it cost them their own.

 

But somehow, seeing it play out like this—!

 

(Seeing Garfiel in such distress only made Mimi’s anger deepen further. Her brothers
struggled even harder to hold her back.)

 

“All on your own, did you?!” Otto snarled. “Made that decision all on your own, without
even THINKING about how it would affect everyone else, didn’t you?!” He was clenching
his hat in his hands. He dimly hoped the fabric wasn’t tearing. “Natsuki Subaru, you are just
—!”



 

How many times had he done this? How many times—

 

Did he do — this — for Otto’s sake, too? Otto didn’t think he would be able to live with the
shame, if that were the case—!

 

Frederica said nothing. She felt as though she had been drenched in icy water.

 

A few things were true. She had come back to her senses, now, and she knew a few things to
be true. Frederica loved Ram, because Ram was like a little sister to her. Frederica loved
Rem, because Rem was a little sister to Ram. Rem and Ram had done something
unforgivable to Subaru, and nobody had ever known about it at all — and that meant that the
two of them were capable of such actions, and likely had been for all the time that Frederica
had known them. These were depths to her coworkers that Frederica had never known about
before. This did not mean that Frederica needed to stop loving them. Many things could be
true at once. 

 

—Subaru loved Ram. Subaru loved Rem. Subaru had forgiven them both a long, long time
ago, whether Frederica liked it or not. —And then, wielding that forgiveness like a club,
Subaru had—

 

“I chose…” Beatrice breathed. She was still staring at the meteor, black as ink. “And you…?”

 

Emilia didn’t say a word. She wasn’t even sure that she could speak at all. And even if she
could — what on Earth was there for her to say?

 

“It’s a disgrace!” Ferris growled, a certain rawness just sideways of fury glimmering in his
eyes. “It’s a total disgrace! For nyew to— to—! It’s disgusting! Despicable! It’s just pure
rotten— The lowest of the—!”

 

“How could you do that?”

 



Subaru faltered.

 

Reinhard’ voice was quiet. Somehow, that made his anger, disappointment, anguish — it
made all of it harder to listen to than if he had been bellowing it to the skies.

 

“Subaru,” he said. The eerie calmness in his voice had made the room fall quiet. “How could
you even think of doing something like that?”

 

Impossibly, Subaru shrank into himself even further than before. “I…”

 

Right next to Subaru’s cage, Reinhard waited. Everyone else waited with him.

 

“I…”

 

What could he say?

 

“I…”

 

What could Subaru say? How could he possibly begin to explain how—?

 

“Actually,” Anastasia countered. “I’d say that was an improvement.”

 

Everyone blinked.

 

After a long pause, Julius turned to his Lady. “Lady Anastasia…?”

 



“He was little more than a wounded animal before he decided to do something about his
situation,” Anastasia said, face grim. “Hiding away, thinking of nothing but the bare
minimum for survival, lying down and surrendering from the very start…That’s the worst
kind of attitude out there.”

 

It wasn’t like she didn’t understand, given the monstrously disgusting nature of his situation
— but in the end, even someone in a situation like that had to be able to stand back up.
Especially someone in a situation like that, even. That was the difference between a human
and a mongrel.

 

(Anastasia had already been snarling for him to get up and fight. She very well couldn’t be
angry at him for doing exactly as she had wished for him to do, just because the way in which
he had done it was…)

 

(Perhaps Anastasia needed to be more careful about the things that she wished for, in the
future. But that wasn’t Subaru’s fault.)

 

Julius — didn’t know if he should agree with her or not.

 

Otto certainly didn’t agree with Lady Anastasia. “How could you say that?!” he snapped.
“How could you say— What is WRONG with you?! How could you sit there and say—?!”

 

“It was either that he survives, or he lives,” Anastasia said. “If these were his only two
options, then I am grateful that he picked the latter. That’s all there is to it.”

 

The merchant threw his hat onto the ground in a fit of rage. It made a clunking sound that
betrayed an unexpected weight.

 

In a show of mercy, Anastasia didn’t say anything at all: not about the secret compartment in
his had that the man had just unknowingly revealed, and not about his uncouth behavior.
Now was definitely not the time for that sort of thing.

 



For Felt, too, that loser attitude was exactly the thing she hated most. But at the same time…

 

“There had to be something else,” she hissed. “Why did he go and…?”

 

But she already knew, didn’t she? Subaru did that because he loved them. Subaru did that
because, even though he had only known them for a couple of weeks, even though those two
had done something that should have been unforgivable, he really, truly loved them both.

 

“He shouldn’t have done that,” Anastasia muttered. “I would have preferred it if he hadn’t
done that. But — it was an improvement from where he was before. …Let’s see where he
goes from here.”

 

Anastasia could forgive it, this once. But if this became a pattern…

 

Subaru wasn’t a bad kid. But Anastasia would not be comfortable with a time-traveler
running around messing with everything at will, no matter how good-hearted they may be.

 

Felt snarled quietly. Subaru loved those two, didn’t he? He loved them — and he loved them
because, why?

 

Because he had known them for two weeks, as coworkers. Because he had known them for
two weeks, as hosts. Because they had — held his hands when he had a nightmare, a
nightmare that THEY had caused by—!

 

This was disgusting. Felt wanted to spit out the foul taste in her mouth.

 

“I know,” Rachins muttered, even when Felt didn’t say anything. He felt much the same as
she did.

 

Ricardo took a deep breath. Exhaled. This was just—



 

But now wasn’t the time for it. With tensions as high as they were, he needed to keep his own
attitude light and easy. If nobody did — if everyone kept freaking out — then that wouldn’t
go well for anyone.

 

“Well,” he said mildly. “Guess we ain’t taking any hikes up mountains for a while, eh?”

 

Mimi scowled at him, but Hetaro laughed a little bit. He sounded tired. Tivey didn’t respond
either way, watching his siblings with a worried look on his face.

 

Rom folded his arms from where he had silently watched the entire exchange play out,
exhaling slowly. As much as he didn’t like to think about that kid in this sort of light…

 

If Subaru got used to the idea of — making use of his curse like this, then that was going to
be a problem. He was a good kid, but that would still be a problem. …But, he would wait and
see what came next, before he drew his conclusions.

 

“I won’t forgive this,” Ferris hissed, clutching his arms tight. Angry tears were dripping
down his cheeks in a steady stream, falling into his lap. He was already trembling, but then
he started to shake his head purposefully. “I won’t forgive this. I won’t forgive this. Nyever.
Nyever, nyever, nyever—!”

 

Subaru finally snapped. “What was I supposed to do?!”

 

Ferris recoiled.

 

“Answer me — what was I supposed to do, here?!” he demanded. “Was I supposed to let
Rem stay dead? Just — carry on like nothing happened and I couldn’t do anything about it?
Was THAT the right answer?!”

 



“Anything but this!” Ferris snarled. “Anything— ANYTHING but— throwing nyer life
away, for the sake of someone who—!”

 

“If I did anything else she’d still be dead, and I didn’t want her dead!” Subaru retorted. “I
didn’t WANT her to die — whether you like it or not, I cared about her, even back then! And
I don’t regret it, because if I didn’t do that, then she’d still be dead! Is that what you’re asking
me to do? Is that what you want from me? For me to — to let the people I care about die?!”

 

The healer stared at Subaru with a raw, indescribable look on his face. But he didn’t say
anything. What could he say? Subaru was right.

 

Subaru was—

 

For a moment, it seemed as though Ferris were gearing himself to lunge at the glass jar. For a
moment, it seemed as though h the sheer force of his rage would allow him to do exactly that.
Subaru braced himself for whatever would come next—

 

—But then, all of that rage, grief, sorrow, fright, and everything else collapsed like a house of
sticks, and Ferris crumpled in on himself in defeat. A single sob echoed through the room.
That one sound was packed with so much anguish that for a moment, everyone felt as though
a hand had wrapped around their hearts and squeezed them all tight.

 

Subaru stared. “…Ferris?” he called out tentatively.

 

Ferris didn’t respond at all, limp and defeated like a broken doll.

 

Otto watched the healer grimly. Who could blame him, for having such a visceral reaction?
Otto certainly couldn’t.

 

Garfiel turned away. He looked too horrified and devastated to say anything more.

 



Emilia swallowed. Subaru was right: in that situation, he would have been choosing between
his life and Rem’s. And, if one of them could come back…

 

Emilia couldn’t consider that decision levelheadedly. It made her blood curdle until she felt
as though she were about to faint.

 

—Beatrice was still staring at the meteor, utterly silent.

 

I chose him, she thought. I chose him. I chose him, and he—!

 

It was nice, to know that she had once chosen him of her own volition, at one of the darkest
moments of his life. But to see him take that decision of hers and— and throw it back in her
five like that—!

 

“Beako…?” Subaru asked tentatively.

 

“How could you do that to me?” Beatrice asked shortly. Her voice cracked. “How could
you…?”

 

And of course, Subaru didn’t have an answer.

 

“Tell me,” Beatrice snapped. “Don’t just— Say something, already!”

 

“I…” Subaru swallowed, averting his gaze. “Would you believe me,” he asked meekly. “If I
said that I hadn’t really thought about that part much beforehand? …You’d only known me
for a couple days, and I’d spent the whole time…”

 

Beatrice wanted to punch him, but there was a glass wall in the way.

 



“I chose you,” she spat. “I cared about you, even back then, and you…!”

 

Subaru knew she was right. He didn’t know what he could do about it except bow his head —
and Beatrice was not assuaged by this gesture in the slightest.

 

“…Nee-sama?” Rem whispered.

 

Ram stared at the meteor with a face like polished stone.

 

Ram had not been able to say a word since they had watched Subaru throw himself off of that
cliff — or more accurately, not since she had realized what he was about to do. To an
outsider, it might have seemed like despair, or anger, or disappointment. And — it was all of
those things, but they would be wrong about the target of that whirlwind of emotions,
because Ram did not feel any of those things towards Subaru.

 

Instead, at that moment, what Ram had thought—

 

Finally, he jumped.

 

In that moment — that was what Ram had thought.

 

Disgusting. Abhorrent. Shameless. Unforgivable. To live was important, of course, but to live
with pride was even more important than that. That was how Ram understood her place in the
world.

 

For Ram to have been glad that her little brother had sacrificed himself for her little sister,
even for a moment— even after all they had done to him—

 

“I’m alright, Rem,” Ram said softly. “You don’t need to worry so much about your big
sister.”



 

Ram would never breathe a word of that thought aloud, and she would also never forgive
herself for it.

 

[For a long moment, the screen was dark. —But then there was the understanding that
something was there.]

 

“Eh?” Beatrice asked, looking slightly alarmed. What was…?

 

["—I cannot meet you,” that something whispered. “Not yet."]

 

[And then that was that.]

 

“…What?” Emilia asked.

 

Nobody could answer her: they were all equally confused. They turned to Subaru.

 

“I…” Subaru frowned. “I actually don’t remember that,” he admitted. “At all.”

 

And so, all of them were left without any answers at all.

 

(What an odd dream that was, Emilia decided. There weren’t many other conclusions for her
to draw, after all.)

 

[—It felt that as soon as Subaru hit the ground, he opened his eyes to a familiar ceiling.]

 

Back here again, Rem thought. That odd feeling in her chest had yet to go away.



 

Back again — all for her sake.

 

[“I’m…back…” he sighed.]

 

How many more times would he return to this moment? Rem supposed that she had no way
to know the answer to that.

 

[So, I did come back, then. I wasn’t sure… Subaru clenched his trembling fist. But, I’m
glad I did. I’m glad it worked.]

 

He hadn’t even been sure that it was going to work. Otto bit back a snarl. For all Subaru had
known at the time, that really had been…!

 

And for what?! Subaru had gone and — done that — all for the sake of—!

 

["Nee-sama, Nee-sama. Our Dear Guest appears to be slow to wake."]

 

["Rem, Rem. Our Dear Guest seems to be slow in the head for his age."]

 

[Ah. And that’s the most important thing, isn’t it…?]

 

The most important thing…

 

Rem swallowed. She felt cold.

 

For someone to think of her in that sort of manner, even after she had done something so…!



 

Could Rem do something like that, she wondered? Given the chance, would she, also, be able
to…?

 

Ram looked away. She had been able to keep her eyes on—

 

The torture of an innocent man in the forest, which she knew she would have helped keep a
dark secret until the end of their days. The breakdown that had followed, with every grisly
detail being her own fault. The suicide off the cliff that had resulted in a shattered skull, but
that had also saved her little sister and caused her to think—

 

—But for some reason, this gentle reunion in the guest room was the part that Ram couldn’t
bear to watch.

 

[I have so many things I want to ask. Subaru swallowed. But with both of them alive and
well and acting normal again, I…]

 

Frederica looked at the twins who she loved like little sisters, who had done something
unforgivable, who she still loved all the same, and—

 

It shouldn’t have surprised Ricardo, that Subaru loved the two of them so dearly. He had
known it long before that unpleasant revelation, after all — and in the hours since, that
difficult truth had been impressed upon the lot of them time and again.

 

But still…!

 

“Mana of water, heal this body.”

 

“I’LL KILL YOU—!”

 



Still, Ricardo found himself overwhelmed with disbelief, and amazement, and a deep, deep
worry for a boy he never would have thought he would be afraid for just a short time ago. He
feared that all three of those emotions were set to grow, and grow, and grow some more.

 

["Dear Guest, Dear Guest. Is something wrong? Are you unwell?"]

 

["Dear Guest, Dear Guest. Are you sick? Perhaps a chronic illness?"]

 

[Rem and Ram both seemed rather concerned, watching Subaru put his hand on his
chest and lower his head, lip wobbling. Together, they slowly reached out from either
side of the bed.]

 

Mimi stiffened. Hetaro and Tivey both pressed themselves close to their big sister.

 

Get away from him, she wanted to snarl. Get AWAY from—!

 

["—Let me borrow those for a sec,” Subaru said.]

 

["Eh?"]

 

["Ah."]

 

Julius flinched violently away from the screen, harshly inhaling and just barely resisting the
urge to squeeze his eyes shut. Subaru…!

 

With personalities that — volatile — who could say how the twins would react to him
reaching out and—!

 



[“Yeah, I knew it…” Subaru exhaled, having suddenly grasped both of their hands in
his own. “There’s no mistaking it.”]

 

So it really had been us, Rem reflected quietly. We really did…

 

But why would — this Rem — Why would she do such a thing?

 

Rem was the type of person who would—

 

“Mana of water…”

 

…Could that type of person — also be the type of person who would…?

 

[I wasn't wrong about what had given me the determination to throw myself off that cliff,
Subaru smiled.]

 

And he hadn’t even been certain about THAT. Otto wanted to break something. What would
Subaru have done if he had been wrong? What would he have done — if it really hadn’t been
the two of them?

 

Anastasia exhaled slowly. She — needed some time to figure out how she felt about all of
this. She needed…

 

Was his courageous leap forward on a mere hunch something to be admired, or was it a
foolish step that easily could have turned out to be a waste of effort and sacrifice that would
earn him nothing in return? Anastasia wasn’t even sure if there was a straightforward answer
to that question. She kept her mouth shut.

 

["No, Dear Guest,” Rem said, politely pulling away with a harsh look on her face. “You
are surely mistaken. About everything."]



 

You are. Rachins gritted his teeth. You absolute lunatic, there’s not a single thing you’re right
about. Not a single thing…!

 

Rom watched his younger colleague’s trembling form with a conflicted look on his face.

 

["No, Dear Guest,” Ram said, politely recoiling in disgust. “It was surely a mistake that
you were born."]

 

Reinhard flinched, for a couple of reasons he understood and a couple of reasons he did not.

 

Felt bared her teeth. How dare you say that to him, she wanted to snarl. How dare— You two,
of ALL people, should—!

 

But she said nothing.

 

(Nobody needed to say anything: Rem and Ram were drawing conclusions all on their own,
and everyone could see it on their faces plain as day.)

 

["All things considered, I probably shouldn't smile at that…” Subaru admitted. “But
right now, it feels good."]

 

Wilhelm stared up at the meteor, at a loss. He didn’t understand this. He didn’t understand
why, or how, or — why . It just didn’t make sense.

 

The idea that he didn’t actually understand Subaru hurt very badly, and he didn’t understand
why that thought hurt so much either.

 

Crusch — how was Crusch supposed to respond to this? How would [Crusch Karsten] have
responded to this, if she were here now instead of her?



 

But [Crusch Karsten]’s place had been taken by Crusch, and Crusch did not know how she
was feeling right now any more than she knew how [Crusch] would have felt in her stead.

 

—This was where Ferris was supposed to speak up. This was where Ferri-chan was supposed
to raise his voice, exclaiming loudly in mischievous surprise before teasing Subaru for his
unusual attitude. This was where he was supposed to…to…

 

"Big Sis?" Garfiel muttered.

 

"E-Eh?"

 

"You're crying."





"...Ah."

 

Her little brother ways right. Frederica snorted softly, looking down at the wet finger that she
had brushed against her cheek. "I suppose you're right."

 

["Nee-sama, Nee-sama. Might Dear Guest actually enjoy being insulted?"]

 

["Rem, Rem. Might Dear Guest be a perverted masochist?"]

 

Ferris did nothing of the sort. Ferris stayed exactly where he was, dull and unresponsive,
tears of despair and resignation still dribbling down his cheeks one after the other.

 

“Ferris…” Crusch trailed off.

 



Wilhelm stayed quiet, at a loss for what he could possibly say.

 

[Those are odd accusations to throw at a "Dear Guest" so quickly, Subaru reflected,
looking at their looks of blatant, visceral distaste. —But that’s fine. If it means I really
can do things over with the two of them, everything else is unimportant.]

 

Emilia flinched violently.

 

“Unimportant,” Beatrice echoed softly. It was no secret that Subaru felt that way, not to her.
But still…!

 

(He had left her all alone by that cliff. Was that, too…?)

 

(Beatrice didn’t let herself think about that too much.)

 

“How dare you say that,” Garfiel croaked. “How… Captain, how could you say…?”

 

Otto knew damn well how Subaru could say that. He wanted to punch his fist through a wall.
Or perhaps through Subaru’s face, a second time.

 

—!

 

Back in the Sanctuary, had Subaru—?

 

Everything else is unimportant. Ferris curled in on himself even tighter than before. That’s
right. Everything else is unimportant. Nothing else matters. So long as everyone else is
alright, who cares if you…?

 

Even in his head, Ferris was too disgusted to finish that sentence.



 

["Sorry for doing that earlier without even saying hi,” Subaru said, hopping off the bed.
He double-checked his body’s condition for a moment, and then turned to the maids,
crossing his arms and puffing out his chest dramatically before sitting right back down,
meeting both of their sharp gazes with his own. “There’s something I want to say
beyond apologizing, though.”]

 

Ram already had an idea of what he might be gearing himself to say. After all, Subaru had
once interacted with her in a manner very similar to the moment she was watching right now.
She gritted her teeth. Don’t say it, she wanted to snarl. Don’t you say it…!

 

Rem had no memories to go off of, and certainly no idea of any similar interactions that
would have echoed this moment, but she was pretty sure she also knew what Subaru was
about to say.

 

[They're probably already starting to assess me, Subaru mused absentmindedly.]

 

That threat was still very much present. Felt swallowed. At the very least, Subaru hadn’t…

 

Forgiving and forgetting were two different things, after all. Felt would have greatly
preferred that Subaru did neither, but if he needed to do one, then the former was vastly
preferable to the latter — and either or would be preferable to Subaru somehow managing to
do both at once, in a situation this dangerous.

 

[If I can’t earn their trust — the trust of everyone in this Manor — I can’t hope to regain
that peaceful, tranquil time I lost…]

 

That’s what he’s concerned about? Anastasia marveled.

 

Anastasia Hoshin was not one to look down upon the desires of other people, but — this
boy’s fanatical desire to cling to his attachments to people who had hurt him so terribly…

 



Anastasia would not look down upon that wish, but it did worry her considerably.

 

[I’ll throw caution to the wind this time, lay all my cards on the table.]

 

["I mean, geez,” Subaru murmured. “I'm not some kind of delinquent who can't get
along with anyone..."]

 

That, Ricardo huffed slightly, you are not.

 

A delinquent who can’t get along with anyone — Subaru was the exact opposite of that. In
fact, it seemed that he was so far opposite of that sort of character that it was becoming a
problem unto itself.

 

[Rem and Ram were both tilting their heads slightly, as if they had their doubts.]

 

Ram had imagined a very different kind of problem, when she and Subaru had first met. She
had imagined him as a pervert, a selfish and dangerous man who might try to harm her or the
other women of the manner due to his lecherous tendencies. After all, he had reached out
taken her hand without warning in that final timeline, too. She wondered if the version of
herself onscreen was thinking something similar, right now.

 

She had no way of knowing. The Ram onscreen had soundly painted itself as an utter
stranger, even to herself. Who could know what went through that woman’s head?

 

[Even now, Subaru thought fondly. Even now, their gestures are syncing up…]

 

The fact that he still thought about her and her sister with such genuine fondness made Ram
want to slam her fist through a wall. It just made Rem want to cry.

 

[I already know what I want to say, as well as what I need to do.]



 

["—I trust you,“ Subaru declared. “So let's get along, okay?"]

 

Julius stared up at the meteor aghast. Trust — already?

 

The worst part was that he didn’t doubt that Subaru meant it, not even slightly.

 

“Od Laguna…” Crusch muttered, pinching the bridge of her nose. It wasn’t like she hadn’t
been bracing herself for something like that, but somehow seeing it play out still…!

 

[Having a little knowledge of the future won’t change my core nature, Subaru reflected,
nor the mere possibility that I might be able to change things. All I can do is address the
situation here and live every day to the fullest.]

 

That — wasn’t a bad attitude, Rom thought. It was probably the healthiest he could have,
given his current situation.

 

Now, if only the risk of him choosing to…

 

But they could figure that out later. Once Rom gauged just how great of a threat that plausible
response actually was.

 

—His core nature would always remain the same, would it? Somehow, Anastasia didn’t
doubt that.

 

(But that was not necessarily a good thing. A strong constitution or a lack of adaptability —
which one would it be?)

 

[Rem and Ram exchanged meaningful looks.]



 

Rem wondered what was going through her head, back then. Even then, had she been
fantasizing about a scene with an iron ball and chain, our in the middle of the forest where
nobody would be able to hear as…?

 

(Had her sister any idea at all, before the moment when the iron ball finally came down?)

 

["I heard a ruckus, so I came to peek...” Emilia’s voice said, and the half-elf stepped
into the room. “You seem pretty lively, Subaru. I'm glad."]

 

Much like that first loop. Emilia wondered just how many times it was, that Subaru had seen
her come into his room to check on him that morning.

 

The thought made her very, very sad — but also somewhat happy, to know that she had
always cared for him so much. Emilia hoped that Subaru understood…

 

He did, right?

 

[Skin so pale you can almost see through it, silver hair down to her hips, violet eyes
emitting a bewitching magical spell… Subaru thought dreamily. What inhuman
beauty…]

 

—Ricardo coughed into his fist.

 

The atmosphere had become far too tense. Everyone was far too angry, far too frightened, far
too…

 

Someone had to do something, or all of them would lose their minds in this place.

 



“Inhuman beauty, eh, Subaru?” he teased. Subaru started. “Lady Emilia’ll always be yer
amazing otherworldly princess, won’t she? Young men, I tell you…!”

 

Frederica gave a strained smile. It really was lovely, that...

 

["I felt kind of conflicted there, but seeing Emilia-tan blows all that away!” Subaru
declared happily. “You're like a compassion pill that works extra strong on my heart."]

 

["Sorry,” Emilia apologized, looking somewhat troubled. “I don't really know what
you're saying…”]

 

“Y-Yeah,” Subaru replied, giving himself a shake. “Go ahead and laugh about it, you big
jerk! But nobody can beat Emilia-tan’s adorableness!”

 

“Is that really what ya wanna say in front of yer adorable contracted spirit and the second
love of yer life?” Ricardo goaded. “You playboy, you, surrounded by adorable girls at every
corner~!”

 

["Even your sad look is cute…” Subaru sighed. “You're always fresh, and that makes
me feel refreshed."]

 

["Somehow, that sounds kind of creepy…” But Emilia’s grimace quickly softened into a
smile. “But good morning. I'm glad you're safe."]

 

“Oh dear!” Ricardo laughed boisterously. “‘Creepy’ — the one word that no young man
wants to hear from a beautiful woman, oh, poor Subaru—!”

 

“Oh be quiet, you—!”

 

["Yeah, good morning,” Subaru nodded. “Well, let's start again, shall we?"]



 

[All three girls tilted their heads in unison. Subaru started laughing. They look like a trio
of sisters!]

 

“Sisters?” Emilia echoed weakly. The corners of her mouth turned up. Just a little bit.

 

She thought… Emilia would quite like to be…

 

Well. She thought she would have, once upon a time. Before she had seen…

 

“Mana of water…”

 

“I’LL KILL YOU—!”

 

The smile slipped from Emilia’s face once again.

 

How am I supposed to face them after this?

 

["What I meant was,” Subaru declared. “It’s time for me to start clearing the Roswaal
Manor level."]

 

“‘Clearing the Roswaal Manor level’?” Otto repeated.

 

That sounded — a little off, didn’t it?

 

It’s good to see him invigorated, Anastasia thought uneasily. Despite Ricardo’s best efforts,
the Royal Candidate’s body was still very, very tense.



 

If that — response — became a habit…

 

[I need to surpass two major obstacles to get through this first week at Roswaal Manor,
Subaru recalled. And the first is to win the trust of everyone living here. Rem, Ram, and
Roswaal, too…]

 

Emilia bit back a whimper. Subaru should have been able to take that for granted. He
shouldn’t have been afraid of them. He shouldn’t have been scared that they would hurt him.
The fact that they loved him, the fact that they cared for him — that should have been
something that he could have taken for granted. Not something that he believed was…

 

Otto exhaled slowly. It was a logical thought process, but coming from someone as gentle-
hearted as Natsuki-san made it feel so very, very bitter.

 

—There was a detached element to that declaration that Crusch did not like very much. It was
as if Subaru were thinking of this as a game, or some sort of challenge that he needed to
overcome.

 

She wasn’t sure what sort of attitude she would have preferred over this, but…

 

Perhaps this had been a necessity, in order for him to do what he believed needed to be done.

 

Felt couldn’t really judge Subaru for doing what needed to be done. Even if, from an outside
perspective, it sure did look — off.

 

[If the two maids see any part of me as even remotely dubious, the chances they'll kill me
in order to silence me are exceptionally high.]

 

Anastasia gritted her teeth. It was the sign of a weak ruler indeed, who would allow such
unease and discontent to brew amongst their own staff.



 

Roswaal, their Master. Emilia, the one whom their Master served. Both were to blame, in this
situation. —Anastasia hoped that she would see them correct themselves by the time this
demonstration came to a close.

 

Ram felt as though something was gnawing at her insides. So this — was how Subaru had
thought of her, at least at one point in time. Subaru loved her, Ram knew that he loved her,
and yet…

 

Ram wanted to say that Subaru’s worries were unfounded — that such behavior from her
towards him would be utterly absurd — but she had already seen for herself that that wasn’t
the case, with her own two eyes.

 

[Because of that — I’ll throw myself into my work with all my might. I’ll be charming, and
I’ll be clueless, and I’ll be a hard worker, and I’ll be everything else they want from
Natsuki Subaru, too…!]

 

“Everything we want…?” Emilia repeated. But all I ever wanted was for you to be yourself…

 

“Everything we want,” Otto said dubiously. Molding oneself to fit the goals of another was
what Otto was supposed to do for Subaru, not the other way around.

 

"Everything we want," Frederica murmured. So, Subaru thought like...

 

Frederica was a maid. She was not a merchant, nor a soldier, nor anything else. She felt as
though she had stepped into what she thought would be a puddle, only to fall far, far below its
surface.

 

“Everything we want…” Garfiel echoed, unease and guilt curdling in his stomach.

 

Did Cap— Did Subaru feel that way about Garfiel, too?



 

Anastasia grimaced. That level of devotion was a wonderful gift, and she was becoming more
and more convinced that Lady Emilia had utterly wasted it.

 

[I’ll reach the morning I want to see — for myself, and for everyone at the manor. Subaru
clapped his hands together. —Now, let's get this show on the road.]

 

“‘Getting this show on the road’?” Otto repeated.

 

Anastasia felt similarly. Well, she thought grimly. That is one way for a person to cope with
— all of this.

 

Especially so, if the person in question had already been primed to make comparisons
between their surroundings and their favorite storybooks.

 

Otto shook his head. Ricardo — the Captain of the Iron Fang was right. They had to keep
their spirits up. They had to…had to…

 

[“Hey, hey!” Subaru called out. “Hey there, kids! You know where the person in charge
of the village is?!”]

 

“You sent him on an errand like that on his first day?” Felt asked.

 

Ram started slightly at being addressed. “Y-Yes,” she said quietly. “I did that in — our
timeline, too.”

 

It had been a good way to get his overenthusiastic self out of her hair for a while. She had
kept an eye on him via her clairvoyance, and he had done much the same as he was right
now.

 



How many times had he done this? How many times had he repeated these same steps, done
the same things, all so that he could finally…?

 

Ram wasn’t able to think anymore. Ram didn’t want to watch this anymore. Ram had long
stopped trying to guess which loop would finally be the final one, because if she got it wrong
—

 

The despair that would come from such a horrible disappointment might very well rip her
soul to pieces.

 

[“Oh…“ Petra said, eyeing him up and down suspiciously. “Are you the new servant in
the Lord’s mansion?”]

 

Frederica smiled weakly.

 

“News travels fast around those parts,” Rachins muttered.

 

“Irlam doesn’t have much to talk about,” Ram noted quietly. Until it does…

 

[“Oh, you're right!” Subaru praised. “As expected of Petra! So smart! So cute! The best
in the village!”]

 

Emilia — managed to smile. “Subaru always did get along with the village children,” she
said softly. “He’s always so kind to them, and they always love him so very…”

 

[“…Did I mention my name?” Petra’s guard had gone up, eyes filled with surprise,
resentment at having been surprised, and an overlaying, rising suspicion.]

 

[Subaru winced. “Ugh!”]

 



Frederica winced, too. Julius exhaled slowly through his teeth. “If only he could be just a
little less suspicious…” he muttered. After all, that lousy reputation had already gotten him—

 

It would benefit Subaru greatly if he was just a little more self-aware, was all.

 

[Quick, gotta come up with something— “Oh, look, there she is, there she is!” Subaru
said hastily. “The most beautiful girl in the village! Speaking of Petra of the village of
Arlam, her brave name is echoing high and low, even in Lord Roswaal's mansion!
See?”]

 

“Smooth,” Garfiel commented wryly. His voice was still tense. Otto said nothing.

 

“It was a valiant attempt,” Crusch said.

 

“Wouldn’t have fooled anyone worth a damn,” Felt said. Her voice was like stone. She
couldn’t help that.

 

[“Oh… In the Lord's mansion? Oh no, I'm so embarrassed…”]

 

[“It's true, it's true! Rather, it's inevitable! Oh no, the real thing is a hundred times
cuter than the stories, haha!”]

 

“A valiant attempt,” Ricardo agreed wryly.

 

“Shut up.”

 

“M-Mimi is cuter than her,” Mimi said. Her voice was shaking.

 

“Definitely,” Tivey agreed.



 

“Absolutely,” Hetaro declared.

 

Ricardo snorted, shaking his head. Young girls and their insistence on being cute — it really
was something else, especially in Lugunica. It wasn’t like the triplets hadn’t been this way in
Kararagi, but he feared that the move had only exacerbated it.

 

“At least it was complimentary,” Julius sighed, standards dropping by the second.

 

“…I think Subaru is cuter,” Reinhard said thoughtfully.

 

Felt snorted, being one of just a handful to hear him. “Don’t let Big Bro hear you say that.”

 

—Anastasia’s eyes were on Petra, not Subaru. “Clever girl…”

 

[Petra was only pretending to be embarrassed, carefully seizing up Subaru’s reaction.]

 

Such caution and inquisition, at such a young age — that was the sign of a very promising
personality. Anastasia tilted her head, and wondered where that girl might be right now. If
other factions had yet to snatch her up, then perhaps…

 

—Otto noticed Anastasia’s calculating stare. “And to think,” he said loudly. “It was not long
after this first encounter that Petra would become a maid of the Emilia Camp, right?”

 

“A little over two months,” Beatrice confirmed. “Mostly because she wanted to be near
Subaru. Even if he did make a lackluster first impression, it certainly didn’t stick, I suppose.”

 

(Assuming that his first impression had continued to be lackluster in the final loop.)

 



Anastasia took the loss in stride.

 

[“My name is Natsuki Subaru!” Subaru declared. “Long story short, I'm an apprentice
butler! I'm a hard worker who's been taking care of Lord Roswaal’s mansion since
yesterday. I hope we can all get along!”]

 

“Oh dear,” Wilhelm said.

 

[Petra looked rather irritated — by his lack of composure, impoliteness,
overfriendliness, patronization. She was hiding this well enough that Subaru didn’t
notice.]

 

Frederica covered her hand with her mouth. My, how things had changed since this first
meeting of theirs.

 

“He really does know how to make a good first impression,” Julius commented.

 

“You’re one to talk,” Anastasia teased, nudging him in the side. Finest of Knights that he
was, he had the unfortunate habit of putting his worst foot forward during any and all first
meetings. It was quite entertaining, if slightly pathetic. —Made even more so by Julius’
obtuseness towards this reality, with him currently looking at her with confusion.

 

Otto rolled his eyes. Subaru did have that effect on people, didn’t he…?

 

“That…” Garfiel swallowed. “That attitude of hers sure didn’t last forever.”

 

[“…So, you're looking for the person in charge of the village?” Petra said, looking as
though she had accepted Subaru’s temporary presence for the sake of the others. “What
do you want with them?”]

 



[“Well, I've been asked by my Maid-senpai to deliver something to them. So, I guess I'm
running an errand!”]

 

[“Hmm. All right, I'll take you to Muraosa…”]

 

“O-Oh,” Emilia giggled slightly, putting her hand to her mouth. “That’s somewhat
naughty…”

 

Frederica sighed.

 

“Naughty?” Julius echoed. Rem tilted her head.

 

“Mayor Milde is the one in charge of the village,” Ram sighed,. “Muraosa Rathhum is her
younger brother.”

 

—Subaru had probably known that by this point, hadn’t he? Had he gone along with Petra’s
little game for her sake? Ram had always known that Subaru was that sort of man. It was the
sort of trait that she expected to bring nothing but trouble.

 

(But she had never expected it to extend as far as…!)

 

["Good morning!” Subaru announced, having reached the second day. “The weather's
great today, perfect for laundry! Let's make this a happy day! —Yes! Victory!”]

 

Ricardo and Subaru both glanced in Ferris’ direction.

 

“Radio calisthenics, eh, Subaru?” Ricardo teased, eyes fixed on the healer. “The fact that you
went out of your way to make this a routine…”

 



“Oh go on, laugh it up,” Subaru retorted, looking at exactly the same person. “I already know
I look…!”

 

["You really are energetic in the morning…” Emilia noted, conversing with the lesser
spirits.]

 

["Hey, don't talk like it's all me here. Put your back into it, Emilia-tan…!”]

 

Ferris barely even seemed to have noticed at all. Both men wilted.

 

["When I see him clean his face like that, I'm like, he's seriously a cat. I guess spirits get
sleepy, too, huh? He looks half asleep there."]

 

["You sleep when you're tired, too, don't you?” Puck yawned. “When mana, the source
of our vital power, fades away, well, it’s close enough. If we’re not getting enough
mana…”]

 

Julius didn’t even have the heart to scold him for treating the Beast of the End like a harmless
cat anymore. His head ached. His heart ached, too.

 

["Both up late, huh?” Subaru watched Emilia yawn alongside her spirit. “You were
staying up talking to a boy you like, weren't you? Let me in on it!”]

 

“Oh dear,” Julius chuckled.

 

“She likes Subaru, right?” Reinhard titled his head. “She wouldn’t spoonfeed someone she
wasn’t fond of.”

 

“Not really the kind of ‘like’ that he meant,” Felt said.

 



[“Huh?” Subaru gave Emilia no time to respond. “Which girl do I like…? That's, ah,
embarrassing to say, you see…"]

 

“Like it’s not obvious,” Anastasia said. Her dryness was forced.

 

“It isn’t obvious to Big Sis,” Felt muttered.

 

["All right, all right," Emilia said, waving casually at Subaru's act. "I like Puck. Puck
likes me. The end."]

 

“Harsh,” Crusch said. Her voice was too stiff to be light.

 

["Mutual love?! Is there any room for me in there?!"]

 

["Not even a little, meow,” Puck grinned. “My charm sets Lia's heart a-flutter. You
might not be a bad catch, Subaru, but all that is wasted before me. You should just give
up on Lia right... meow, meow!"]

 

[Emilia’s fingers pinched one of each of their ears, causing them both to cry out.]

 

Seeing Subaru getting physically punished somehow set Julius at ease a bit. It wasn’t a
punishment for the right thing, not for what he had done at that cliff. But for some reason, it
still made him feel just a little bit…

 

He relaxed, ever so slightly. “Well,” he said. “You can’t say you didn’t earn that reaction,
Subaru.”

 

Julius wasn’t the only one who felt this way. Wilhelm sighed, taut shoulders slumping.
“Sometimes young men need women to pull on their ears.”

 



“Got a feeling this one needs that a fair bit more often than most,” Ricardo added.

 

“Subaru’s an idiot!” Mimi agreed. “It’s a good thing he’s got Big Sis to keep him in line!”

 

“He really is a moron,” Tivey said.

 

“Couldn’t think of anyone more deserving of that title if I had four hundred years,” Rachins
snorted.

 

“I’m glad that Lady Emilia managed to beat me to the punch this time,” Otto nodded.

 

“Captain’s great, but he’s got his dumb moments,” Garfiel said.

 

"He sure does," Frederica said, somewhat stonily.

 

“Betty shall accept that ear-pulling as proper penance for antagonizing Bubby, I suppose,”
Beatrice decided aloud. “She would have also approved of a good punch, perhaps.”

 

“I feel like you’re all talking about something entirely different than what’s going on right
now, actually?!”

 

Subaru said that, but really he was just relieved to see the tension easing, even if it was just a
little bit. If that dumb moment was really what everyone needed to see, then…he was glad.

 

—Emilia suddenly started.

 

["Don't get carried away,” she warned, watching as they both meekly endured her
punishment together. “I'm going to be upset if that's all you two do."]



 

["Ow, ow, she's upset, ow!"]

 

She…

 

She remembered this, didn’t she?

 

["I'm glad you two are getting along,” she sighed, letting them go. “But no taking
advantage of people just so you can play. Say yes if you understand."]

 

But — she thought she might have remembered walking into his room in — that first loop,
too. After all, she had done much the same both then and now. So, there was no guarantee…

 

But there was one moment that could never be replicated, wasn’t there?

 

["Yeees…” Both of them raised a hand and nodded firmly.]

 

That was right. If this was really what happened — Emilia would know soon enough. She
would know, because That Moment was one that only could have happened just that one
time.

 

[Being treated like a child should bother me, Subaru thought. But Emilia's pleasant,
satisfied smile makes such minor concerns irrelevant, doesn’t it…?]

 

“Aww, does Subaru like being treated like a child sometimes?” Ricardo teased. “Does he like
being treated gently and affectionately like a little baby?”

 

“Where did THAT come from?!”

 



["Oh, right, now is good.” Emilia clapped her hands together and sat on the grass,
unaware of Subaru’s inner monologue. “Subaru, sit over here for a moment?"]

 

["You call, I come running!” Subaru said excitedly, doing just that. “What, what? The
timing's good for what exactly? No matter what your request, Natsuki Subaru leaves no
itch unscratched! If there's a place you can't reach, just command me to scratch it and I
shall obey!"]

 

This time, Crusch laughed. A real, genuine laugh. Next to her, Wilhelm startled.

 

“More like a puppy,” she teased.

 

“Big Bro would probably live his entire life as Big Sis’ beloved little puppy dog if given the
chance, wouldn’t he?” Felt agreed wryly.

 

“He really would,” Hetaro sighed, shaking his head. “I really think he would…”

 

Anastasia grimaced. She agreed with that assessment, really, but she didn’t find it all that
humorous. —Perhaps she would have, in other circumstances, but after seeing all of…this…

 

Reinhard watched Subaru’s enthusiasm with soft eyes. How lovely it was, to be able to wear
your heart so firmly on your sleeve. —And how adorable, to find someone who was able to
wear it so brightly and boldly in front of the person he loved the most.

 

“I can tell from your face that you’re getting all sappy on me,” Subaru muttered, arms
crossed. “Jerk.”

 

“My apologies, Subaru.”

 

“Wha— Wait, you totally were! Just what sort of things were you thinking about me just
now?!”



 

["All I said was to sit beside me,” Emilia said, smiling a pained smile. “That's a bigger
reaction than I expected. What should I do…?"]

 

Ferris didn’t laugh. Ferris still looked as though his spirit had been completely and utterly
crushed. Crusch watched her knight with a worried expression on her face, yet again at a loss
for what to do.

 

Similarly, these events had done absolutely nothing to raise Ram’s spirits. Her eyes were dull,
the rest of her face like stone.

 

If anything, seeing Subaru act so much like himself just made everything worse. This was
definitely the boy she had come to see as her little brother, after all — and that little brother
was the boy she had gone and betrayed so violently in the heart of the woods.

 

Rem swallowed. Everything was so confusing. Everything was so wrong. She had hurt this
boy, and then this boy had gone and died for her sake — and now he was sitting here with
Lady Emilia and…?

 

She felt so lost. Could she maybe just go back to sleep?

 

Old Man Rom folded his arms and leaned back, silently bracing himself for whatever was
coming next.

 

["Err... Yesterday was your first day at work,” Emilia decided. “How did it go? Did you
do well?"]

 

["Ah, yeah, failed at eighty percent of it!"]

 

["I see; you're certainly full of confi... Eh?” Emilia blinked. “Failed?” she repeated.
“Eighty percent of it?"]



 

Rem frowned. Hadn’t Subaru progressed past that point a while ago? From what she had
seen, he should only be failing at about…thirty, maybe forty percent of it now.

 

["Er,” Subaru hastily corrected. “Maybe eighty's overstating it… Maybe more like six,
no…seventy-five."]

 

["That still means you flunked a lot of things…”]

 

[She looks like she somehow feels responsible for my low rating of my own work…]

 

Otto shook his head slightly. Both Natsuki-san and Lady Emilia were just…

 

["Ah, but, hey, that meant you got twenty percent of work right on your first day,
huh?” Emilia said, raising her head. “That's fine. I'm sure it's all right. Be confident,
now."]

 

["Hey, you're right!” Subaru exclaimed. “It's a long road, but if I start at twenty
percent, I can raise that little by little from here!"]

 

“He’s so easy,” Anastasia murmured.

 

["Don't be conceited. Reflect on it properly."]

 

["If you're going to start sweet, why can't you end sweet?!” Subaru immediately cowed
under the pressure of Emilia’s glare, shrinking back and nodding meekly. “Ah, no, it's
nothing, very sorry."]

 

“He really is.” Felt agreed, a lopsided smile flashing across her face.



 

Anastasia’s face was serious. He’s so easy, she repeated to herself. Someone like this —
who’s constantly rearing to go and make his Lady happy, who’s motivated so intensely by
even the mildest amount of praise, who can be disciplined with just a look…

 

Did Lady Emilia even realize the true extent of how valuable that was?

 

["I do feel like I'm eating Ram's and Rem's dust somehow,” Subaru said. “Getting
twenty percent right while trying my best means that's just where I'm at, so no helping
it. I'll just expect better from myself going forward."]

 

["If you're going to be that optimistic about it, there's nothing more I can say, but…”
Emilia’s lips tapered into a pout. The sight made Subaru swoon inwardly. So cute…!]

 

["So, so, you see,” Subaru pointed at Emilia comically with both hands. “I’m spending
every day with maid sisters tutoring me while I devote myself to life as a servant. If I get
tired of that life I'll just come running to Emilia-tan's lap, so leave it open, okay?"]

 

Frederica broke into coughing fit.

 

“WOW that is upfront!” Crusch exclaimed. Anastasia’s eyes widened, and she coughed into
her fist.

 

“…Yeah, I got nothing,” Felt said, who normally would have mentioned Emilia’s denseness.
“That one’s on you, Big Bro—”

 

["…I was only half listening to that,” Emilia said. “But it sounded kind of all right."]

 

Felt stared at Emilia with astonishment. Emilia blushed, ever so slightly.

 



["Harsh assessment with a cute face! Well, if that half was the lap part, that's A-OK!
Like I said, leave that lap open for me for tonight, Emilia-tan… Don't steal my spot,
Puck!"]

 

—Wilhelm wasn’t amused.

 

Wilhelm was not a very intelligent man, when it came to the emotions of other people. He
had been aware of this for decades. But — Wilhelm knew what love looked like. Wilhelm
knew what desperation looked like. And this desperation for love and closeness was…

 

In normal circumstances, he may have lauded it as pathetic and shameless. With the context
of four lifetimes erased, it just made his heart twist painfully in his chest.

 

If Theresia had forgotten him… If Theresia had forgotten him four times in a row…!

 

Would Wilhelm’s younger heart have survived such a beating?

 

["It doesn't matter what you say,” Puck replied, casually flicking his whiskers. “Lia's
pact with me means her heart and body are already mine. There's no changing our
relationship — meow, meow!"]

 

[Emilia had grabbed his ears again, this time tossing him into the air.]

 

["Goodness,” she scolded. “Don’t change the terms of our pact behind my back."]

 

[Subaru watched as Puck landed in Emilia's hands and happily wriggled in them with a
look of complete calm. I can’t help but feel envious of their relationship…]

 

Anastasia grimaced. Thinking of the Great Spirit as Lady Emilia’s pet, and then thinking that
he was envious of that Great Spirit…



 

Crusch pursed her lips. Your relationship with Lady Emilia is rather enviable too, you know…

 

Ferris twitched. He had been thinking something similar to Crusch, somewhere in the corner
of his mind not currently enveloped by rage and despair.

 

Mimi huffed, having similar thoughts nearby. When her brothers turned her way
questioningly, she refused to say a word about it.

 

["Well, now that I've energized myself I'd better start the morning work,” Subaru
declared.]

 

(Mimi would get it, too, eventually. After all, Mimi already had Garf in her eyes, and he
wasn’t all that far away.)

 

[Emilia blinked. "What do you mean, 'energized yourself'?"]

 

["By teasing Emilia-tan."]

 

Otto shook his head with amazement. Had he ever seen anyone this…Subaru-like, before in
his life?

 

Probably not, if the only appropriate adjective he could think of was “Subaru-like”.

 

["There you go again,” Emilia sighed. “If all you do is tease people, they won’t trust
anything you say when you're actually telling the truth, you know?”]

 

["That sounds like something out of a fairy tale,” Subaru noted. “If that happens, guess
I'll be reaping what I sowed…”]



 

["Wait, you're telling me that…?”]

 

“My amazing self can’t decide if Captain is extremely self-aware or not at all,” Garfiel
marveled.

 

“I can’t help but feel like Subaru-sama has managed to be both at the same time,” Frederica
muttered.

 

“That’s one of the things that makes him so cool, right?”

 

“Please don’t try to emulate THIS trait, Garfiel,” Otto pleaded. “It’s already difficult enough
to account for one such wild card in this Camp…!”

 

["They'll be seriously ticked if I don't get going, though,” Subaru said, rising to his feet.
“I'm supposed to help them with this morning's breakfast. —Emilia-tan, you don't like
eating green beppers, do you? I'll make sure they're not on your plate."]

 

Emilia giggled. “Oh, Subaru,” she sighed. “Always so considerate, even about the smallest of
things, but even you should know that…”

 

[“You have to eat even the veggies you don’t li—“ Emilia stopped, midway through
finishing even her future self’s sentence. “When did I tell you I don’t like green
beppers?”]

 

Emilia flinched backwards, her smile knocking itself off of her face.

 

[You did talk to me about it, Subaru reflected. I even saw your distaste for them with my
own eyes…]

 



Emilia remembered, now. Of course, she’d never REALLY remember, but — she
remembered seeing it through Subaru’s eyes. She remembered that small conversation, that
little back and forth, that little snippet of a mundane morning that had now been lost forever.

 

She swallowed back a wail. What a horrible thing to lose. That was always the most painful
thing to lose: the thing that you didn’t realize was so precious until it was already gone,
leaving nothing but a cold emptiness in its place.

 

[I’ll stay on the path, Subaru thought. I’ll stay focused, and I’ll always joke whenever
Emilia’s around, too.]

 

“—Oh no,” Crusch sighed, bracing herself. She could already see where this was going.

 

Wilhelm blinked, having not yet realized what that declaration had actually meant. “Lady
Crusch?” he asked.

 

Otto glowered at the meteor. “Natsuki-san,” he muttered, all of his prior sense of humor
draining from his frame, “you troublesome…!”

 

[I have to focus, focus, always focus, to keep this smile on my face…!]

 

“Oh,” Rachins said quietly.

 

Felt pressed her lips together. There was no way this was going to end well.

 

—Rem wondered: was that how this boy always thought, even now?

 

[—There was a loud shattering sound.]

 



The entire theater flinched violently, shouts echoing across the room.

 

“Crap!” Rachins swore loudly, lurching forward with a wild panic in his eyes. “Is he—?!”

 

["It's okay! It's okay!” Subaru shouted, prancing around like a dancer as he moved to
quickly get cleaning supplies. “Don't worry! I've got this!"]

 

Felt exhaled slowly, slouching backwards once again. “Ya really like giving us heart attacks,
don’t you, Big Bro?” she snapped.

 

“Julius,” Ricardo muttered. “Julius, breathe. Ya gotta breathe, here…”

 

Wilhelm took a deep breath. Exhaled. He glanced at Ferris. Ferris’ total lack of a reaction
scared him more than anything else he could have said or done in that moment.

 

“Felix,” he murmured. “Felix…”

 

Ferris even respond at all, eyes glazed over.

 

“Nee-sama…?” Rem asked quietly. She tried to disguise her own trembling body, if only for
her sister’s sake.

 

“Thank Od.” Ram had practically collapsed into her chair, her breathing slowly easing. A
bead of sweat ran down her forehead. “It was just a stupid vase.”

 

[Having cleaned up the ceramic fragments, Subaru got up and pretended to wipe sweat
off his brow.]

 



["Don't worry,” he said, flashing a beaming smile at a spectating Rem, who had seen
everything. “I took care of it super fast, and there wasn't even one casualty."]

 

Rem stiffened.

 

The presence of her own self — as far as she were concerned, her own form may as well
have been a looming specter of violence and death.

 

She wasn’t the only one who felt that way. The entire theater seemed as though it had gone
cold when everyone had realized that she was standing there.

 

["I think your concern is praiseworthy, but were you not the one who dropped the vase,
Subaru-kun?” Rem frowned. “I need to get a replacement vase, wipe the floor, put the
flowers in order…”]

 

What was she thinking? Julius watched her face intently, all his hairs standing on end. Right
now she appeared to be going about her duties as a maid — but what was she actually
thinking?

 

Was she imagining what it would feel like to rip his arm off, perhaps? Was she considering
which part of his flank to strike with a chain first? Was she savoring the idea of crushing his
skull in with that iron ball, feeling the satisfying sensation through her handle into her palm?

 

Frederica bared her teeth, attempting to disguise her growing fright. What would it take in
order to make Rem stop acting as a maid — and start acting as her true self?

 

["No, it's all right!” Subaru said hastily. “I can get a vase and put the flowers in myself!
Go ahead and focus on your own work!"]

 

Under normal circumstances Anastasia would nod in approval at his insistence on cleaning
up his own mess. But the broken vase was such an insignificant sort of thing, in the grand
scheme of things.



 

Something much more important was broken here, and she had the sinking sense that the
ones responsible had never bothered to clean it up.

 

Ricardo watched this frantic sort of behavior with a knot forming in his stomach. He
recognized these sorts of actions. This wasn’t the behavior of a kid trying to make a good
impression: this was the behavior of a slave desperate to avoid a beating from his new master.

 

[“Whew!” Subaru said, smiling as he finished replacing the vase. “Feels good to get a
job done, Rem-rin."]

 

Wilhelm would chuckle at the transparent plea for praise if the scene weren’t so sobering. If
he didn’t know that praise would represent a kernel of safety. If he didn’t realize just who the
person looking over Subaru’s shoulder really was.

 

If his anger and fright were not currently bathing all of his muscles in adrenaline, causing
him to clench his fists until his knuckles turned white.

 

["It is extra work you made for yourself, but at least you took care of it…” Rem
frowned. “Subaru-kun, where did you hear where the spare vases are? From Nee-
sama?"]

 

Rachins swore loudly enough that it echoed across the theater.

 

Reinhard had heard it clearly, but he didn’t bother scolding him for it. He was staring at the
meteor with a similar dark look on his face.

 

["Mm, ah, er…” Subaru swallowed. “Right, your big sis! It's me we're talking about
here — she was pretty sure I'd break one at some point. So she told me in advance
exactly where to get a new vase!"]

 



[Rem’s eyes flitted to the broom and dustpan, which he had also retrieved without issue
in order to clean up the broken pottery shards.]

 

Otto sucked in a sharp breath.

 

“Shit,” Felt hissed. “Shit, shit, shit…!”

 

Rom inhaled slowly. Exhaled. Whatever happened next…would happen as it will.

 

[“You all right?” Subaru grinned. The look in his eyes was somewhat mad, and barely
disguised in its desperation. “You’re so swamped with work, go ahead and send some
my way! I’ll do it, I’ll do anything!”]

 

“Cap…” Garfiel choked out. His eyes were wide, and round, and filled with a certain kind of
anguished disbelief. “Captain…?”

 

This was not the first time that Subaru’s behavior had reminded Crusch of a puppy — but it
was the first time that the resemblance began to truly frighten her.

 

“I’ll do anything you want! I’ll be anything you’d like! Please, just love me in return! Please
— just don’t hurt me again—!”

 

Was that what he was thinking? Was that what he was saying?

 

It was a low way to live one’s life, but Subaru had been reduced to this by someone else.
Someone he loved had reduced him to…

 

Ah. This was what it meant for something to be unforgivable, wasn’t it?

 



Pathetic. Ferris watched the scene unfold, and that single, anguish-stricken word was all that
could cross his mind. Pathetic, pathetic — absolutely pathetic…!

 

["Subaru-ku—” Rem started to say.]

 

["Oh, I forgot the work Ram-chi asked me to do!” Subaru interrupted hastily. “Sorry,
I'd better hurry up and take care of that! I'll hook back up with you right after!"]

 

[Rem reached out after him—]

 

“Get away from him,” Mimi snarled, looking as though she were about to bodily throw
herself at the meteor in a fury. “Get away— Get AWAY from him—!”

 

[—but he had already rushed down the hallway.]

 

Tivey sighed in relief. Hetaro bit his lip.

 

[—I feel sick.]

 

That line brought with it a sense of great foreboding. Beatrice braced herself.

 

(She didn’t expect bracing herself to be enough, really. She was right.)

 

["Oh, Ram-chi! Did you see me? I'm doing pretty well with my kitchen knife after just
one day learning it, huh? Maybe my talent is taking bloom…!”]

 

[—I feel sick I feel sick I feel sick—]

 



Ram swallowed.

 

["Rem-rin, look, look! Right now, my fingers are miraculously imbued with the skill
that makes such fine workmanship possible! The power of illusion!"]

 

[—I feel sick I feel sick I feel sick I feel sick I feel sick I feel sick—]

 

What a coincidence. Rem also felt sick.

 

["Meeting Emilia-tan really puts my heart in a jumble! It's too sinful! I feel so guilty!"]

 

[—I feel sick I feel sick I feel sick I feel sick I feel sick I feel sick I feel sick I feel sick I feel
sick I feel sick I feel sick I feel sick I feel sick I feel sick I feel sick I feel sick I feel sick I
feel sick I feel sick I feel sick—]

 

Emilia wondered if she was going to faint.

 

—She couldn’t. She had to keep watching.

 

She just hoped…dearly, dearly hoped, to a degree that she had never hoped before…!

 

[Keep a smile nailed to your face. Make yourself sound playful. Wrestle with your
entrusted tasks full force. Resolutely attack problems with no fear of failure. When you’re
done, wander around looking for more to do. —That was how Subaru worked.]

 

Otto gritted his teeth. “Natsuki-san…!”

 

But how in Od’s name could he blame him for this? What else was he supposed to have
done?



 

That knowledge only made his frustration even worse.

 

[I have to do more. I need to do more.]

 

Slowly, all the warmth that had accumulated drained away from Frederica's soul once again,
leaving her cold and scared.

 

[I don’t have a second to waste.]

 

Garfiel felt cold. He felt as though all the blood had drained out of him, taking every bit of
warmth alongside it. He didn’t believe that he had ever felt this cold before in his life.

 

Captain…?

 

[Like a video game, simulate every potential outcome. Manage the event flags. That’s my
specialty, right? And the more I encounter them, the better my odds.]

 

Anastasia still didn’t really understand what a “video game” was, but she had heard enough
to be able to extrapolate the nuance of what Subaru was telling himself to do right now.

 

Before, the threat of Subaru seeing the world around him as a story rather than a real place
had scared her because of how he might end up deciding to treat everyone else as a result.
Now it scared her for an entirely different reason. She had no doubt in her mind anymore that
Subaru would only ever try to do right by the people around him, but if he relied on a coping
mechanism that involved him disassociating from the world like that…

 

Subaru had been right, though, when he had snapped at Ferris. He had been absolutely right,
because Anastasia couldn’t think of anything else he could have done except for this. And
that made everything feel so much worse.

 



[—I should be able to make them smile more, Subaru thought. I should be able to make
them laugh more.]

 

Was that how he thought? Was this boy — always trying to make them laugh, because if he
didn’t, then Rem might go ahead and—!

 

Oh, that made Rem feel even worse.

 

Ram stared, devastated. She was thinking much the same thing.

 

"Subaru-sama..." Frederica faltered.

 

“Natsuki-san…” Otto trailed off.

 

“My amazing self thinks you’re plenty funny, Captain,” Garfiel said quietly.

 

Subaru didn’t seem to hear him, transfixed by the sight and sound of his own decaying
mental state.

 

[Convince them you’re an oblivious fool. Don’t make them think that you’re useless.
Weigh your actions, weigh them carefully…!]

 

Julius had scolded Subaru for acting like a fool many, many times since this demonstration
had begun. How could he not, when danger seemed to be lurking around every corner, and
when Subaru seemed to make a habit of prancing headlong into moral peril at every chance
he got?

 

To see Subaru overwhelmed with anxiety at trying to avoid even the smallest misstep,
frightened to the point of shivering where he stood of the people he loved responding to
anything less than perfection with violent rage…



 

Julius swallowed. This wasn’t fair. This wasn’t fair at all.

 

[Keep watch for anything that seems remotely out of the ordinary. Don’t let your guard slip
for a single instant, never mind a second.]

 

That was the sort of mindset that befitted a warrior in the midst of a battlefield, or a slave
living as mere merchandise in Kararagi. Ricardo stared at the meteor, anger boiling in his gut
even as he tried to quell it back to a simmer. That was not the sort of mindset that befitted a
boy who had only ever tried to serve the woman he loved to the best of his ability, and who
had ultimately only ever wanted to do right by everyone who’s path he crossed.

 

What a failure on the part of those mansion staff. What an utter failure this was…!

 

[—I can't make a mistake. I just can't. I can't.]

 

Little brothers shouldn’t be frightened about making mistakes. That’s what big sisters were
around for, after all. The very thought of either of her little brothers being so frightened of her
that they would be acting like this — it made Mimi want to cry.

 

“Onee-chan?” Tivey murmured.

 

Mimi turned to see her two little brothers watching her with concern.

 

“Mimi…” Mimi swallowed. “Mimi never wants either of you to be like this,” she declared
firmly. “Mimi-onee-chan will look after you, oh-kay? If either of you are ever feeling this—
this—!”

 

“We know, Onee-chan,” Hetaro said, clutching her hand.

 



“And—” Mimi clutched it back, and reached to grab Tivey’s just as hard. Both boys winced,
but didn’t pull away. “And even if it’s something you can’t tell Mimi, Mimi-onee-chan will
still always trust the both of you enough to help, no matter how silly or confusing or—!”

 

“We know,” Tivey agreed. He was starting to look frightened. This only made Mimi feel even
worse. “We know— Onee-chan, please don’t cry—!”

 

[Danger! Danger! Danger! —Warning bells rang in his head, over and over again.]

 

He had been so scared. And Reinhard had — had thoughtlessly cast him away to this place
that was full of peril, and had never even thought to run over just to check that everything
was alright.

 

He shouldn’t have let Lady Emilia take him away that night. It wasn’t Lady Emilia’s fault,
but — Reinhard should have done differently. Reinhard should have done MORE.

 

[My sensitivity to peril, at least, has grown more acute, Subaru thought. Even if I haven’t
advanced an inch otherwise…]

 

“Has it really…?” Felt murmured. It looked less like he had grown more capable of detecting
danger and more like he had grown paranoid enough that danger felt like an ever-present
force.

 

Rachins was having similar thoughts. Though, really, he couldn’t help feeling like Subaru
was correct about danger being an ever-present force in his life, if THIS was the company he
decided to keep.

 

["See, Ram-chi? I'm not slacking off here. I'm totally doing so much work. Almost
enough that my superior could just go back to her room and take a nap, you know?"]

 

Disgusting. Ram snarled at her own confused expression onscreen. Don’t you even DARE…!



 

[Evade the situation, gloss it over with a charming smile…!]

 

That charming smile was something that Wilhelm had admired many times, over the past
year. That positive spirit, that kind soul, those ever-bright eyes that shone despite clearly
having seen far too much…

 

To see it as simply a mask obscuring grief and terror and pain hurt, and it hurt on a level that
Wilhelm hadn’t been aware was capable of being hurt.

 

[—Can Natsuki Subaru really pull this off?]

 

Ricardo scowled even further.

 

[I haven’t given them reason to doubt me, have I? Subaru wondered. I’ve paid ten, no, a
hundred times more attention, not only in front of Ram but Rem as well, so I haven’t,
right?]

 

He had been this scared of her, Ram noted listlessly. He must have seen her as a monster. Not
that she could really blame him for it.

 

Rem watched quietly. How Subaru could say that he cared about her so very much when his
thoughts about her sounded like THIS…

 

[Play Natsuki Subaru. Erase the unnatural with the natural. It’s simple. It’s all up to me.]

 

This wasn’t natural. This wasn’t his true nature. This wasn’t the truth of this boy’s soul. What
Crusch was witnessing now was pure panic and desperation.

 



Anyone who mistook this horrific, pitiable display for the true nature of that boy’s kind
soul…

 

Crusch wondered if someone that utterly devoid of empathy would be worth anything at all.

 

[I have to pay not the slightest bit of attention to what anyone living at the mansion really
thinks, bathing myself in innocence and lack of restraint, until I seem like a lazy pig who
takes whatever was given unto me.]

 

“H-Huh?” Emilia whimpered.

 

Was this how Subaru — assumed that his loved ones saw him?

 

“You…” she swallowed, feeling like her heart was being torn in half. “Subaru…how could I
ever think that about…?”

 

Julius stared at the meteor, aghast.

 

Crusch believed that she had seen lazy pigs who lacked restraint and thoughtlessly indulged
in everything they were given. She believed that Subaru was the last person in the entirety of
Lugunica who could possibly fit a description like that.

 

—Perhaps Subaru was filled with the naïve innocence of a domesticated animal, Anastasia
agreed grimly, who would tolerate even the most unreasonable of treatment from its Master
in exchange for the promise of being loved in return. But that was the only part of that
disgusting assessment that came even close to the truth of his character. Everything else…

 

Everything else couldn’t have possibly been more wrong.

 

[As far as the world is concerned, I know nothing, can do nothing, notice nothing, and that
is all there is to me.]



 

Ferris scowled into his own knees, pulled close to his face as he was curled into the fetal
position in his chair. Tears beaded at the corners of his eyes.

 

Knowing nothing, capable of nothing, noticing nothing — once, that had been all there was
to Ferris, too. It had been Lady Crusch who had saved him from the life of an animal who
lived solely because there was no particular reason to die.

 

[I don’t know who’ll pop out or when. I can’t waste any time at all.]

 

—This was how Subaru had been acting, in the timeline that Ram remembered.

 

Ram couldn’t trust her memories very much anymore, but she remembered how Subaru had
behaved in those first few days. Flighty, overbearing, so desperate to please that his eagerness
itself became a liability as his continuous accidents created more work than his efforts
alleviated. Anyone could tell that he had been frightened of something. Ram had assumed
that he was still jumpy because of his run-in with the Bowel Hunter and dismissed his odd
behavior entirely after Emilia had managed to snap him out of it.

 

But now she knew that she herself had been the cause of his frantic mania, and so she could
no longer dismiss it at all.

 

[I have to spend every spare moment examining my past actions and forming plans for
what I’ll do in the hours to come…!]

 

For how long had he stayed like this? For how long had Subaru been overwhelmed with
terror at the mere sight of her and her sister, working like a dog to try and make them happy
enough to spare his life? Had it been two lifetimes? Five? More than that? Ram had no way
of knowing, and that unknown devastated her enough to make her feel like it was her heart
that was being squeezed until it threatened to pop.

 

["Wh…o…a…” Subaru suddenly moaned, the room spinning.]



 

“Oh no,” Crusch murmured, wincing in a pained sort of sympathy.

 

Wilhelm swallowed.

 

[Keep your expression steady. Skip as you walk. Dance into the nearest guest room like a
fool…]

 

He looked so silly. He looked so dumb. He looked so foolish, skipping around like this. —
And yet the absolute last thing that Mimi felt like doing was breaking out into laughter.

 

[Subaru turned into the bathroom of that guest room and violently vomited into the
sink, his entire body convulsing on itself until he nearly fell over.]

 

The sight made Rem recoil with disgust. The fact that she had the gall to be disgusted filled
her with shame. She had done this, after all. Rem had no right to be disgusted by something
that she herself had caused.

 

Ram didn’t recoil. Emilia didn’t, either. Both of them just sat there, still as stone, looks of
utter anguish spread across their faces.

 

[Subaru gulped down water. Vomited it out. Gulped down water. Vomited it out.]

 

Ram had done this, Frederica knew. Rem and Ram had both turned Subaru into — this.

 

The girl that Frederica had trusted like a sister, and that girl's twin, as well, had—

 

[The process repeated itself several times. It was as if his stomach was cleaning itself
out.]



 

The theater was dead silent as Subaru’s old self repeatedly vomited and drank, vomited and
drank, wrung to the brink of his sanity by terror of the people he should have trusted to keep
him safe. Every drop, every retch, every stumble, every turn of the sink handle echoed
through the air like a gavel.

 

Subaru turned away. “Go ahead, then,” he snapped, feeling much more genuinely stung with
embarrassment than he had at most other points in this demonstration so far. Everyone turned
his way. “Laugh it up. Laugh it all up, why don’t you?!”

 

["Haaah…haaah…haaah…”]

 

“Subaru…” Emilia trailed off, eyes round.

 

Subaru — wilted somewhat, at that concerned, painful look.

 

[Subaru roughly wiped his mouth with his sleeve, his face pale and his breath ragged.]

 

“Big Bro,” Felt answered grimly, saying what everyone in the theater was thinking in one
firm sentence: “I don’t think I’ve ever seen anything less funny than this shit in my entire
life.”

 

There wasn’t really anything that Subaru could say to that.

 

[If I keep this up… Subaru thought, shivering. The pressure is killing me. This might
waste me away all on its own…!]

 

It might. Crusch wouldn’t be surprised if it did, if this continued up. This sort of stress, piled
on bit by bit… Could anyone withstand that, without eventually shattering to pieces?

 



Wilhelm gritted his teeth. If it were a monster, he could strike it. If it were an assassin, he
could slice it to ribbons. But this quiet, lurking horror, in which the people you loved the
most could, at any point…

 

That wasn’t the sort of thing that could be solved with a straightforward fight. Not with how
Subaru still very much cared for those women, from the very bottom of his heart. And
because this issue was not one that could be properly challenged with a sword, Wilhelm felt
utterly lost and useless as to how he could help Subaru navigate it at all.

 

—Not like it mattered anymore, considering that this had all been said and done at least a
year prior. He had missed his chance to help, by quite a while. Perhaps that was a blessing.

 

(It didn’t feel like a blessing. Not at all.)

 

[I can’t believe I put myself in a situation like this.]

 

It wasn't his fault. Subaru was a reckless and foolish boy — but for once, Frederica couldn't
see how any of this could possibly be fairly referred to as his fault.

 

[I wanna laugh at myself…]

 

There was nothing laughable about this situation. Ludicrous, yes. Ridiculous, yes. But
Ricardo had to agree with Lady Felt, in that he had never seen anything less funny than this
in all his life — not as a slave, or as a mercenary, or as anything else he had been over the
past forty years.

 

[—Am I really pulling it off?]

 

No, Julius thought sadly. No, you are definitely not.

 



Even a blithering moron would have been able to tell that something was wrong, with Subaru
stumbling about in a state like this.

 

[I got along best with everyone during that first loop, when I knew nothing, Subaru
recalled. From the second loop on, I’d been so obsessed with the first loop that it caused
problems in my work and personal relations. That was probably why…]

 

Rem swallowed. She had ripped off an arm, in the second loop. That wasn’t something she
could allow herself to overlook.

 

[I’m using the first loop as my model this time around, but I failed in the second loop by
trying to copy the first, Subaru thought. That means I have to do things better than the
first time. All I have to do is put everything into any work I find in front of me and do well
at it, right?]

 

“That’s not…” Ram trailed off.

 

Really — what other conclusion could she have expected him to draw? Just what else was he
supposed to do?

 

["But that still only gets me fifty points…” Subaru said aloud. Merely evading death by
the sisters’ hands won’t protect me from… “Can't get a hundred if I don't figure out who
the shaman is…”]

 

And of course, there was also that to consider.

 

Rom stared at the meteor with a grave expression. Pressure like this — someone with such a
gentle heart shouldn’t have been forced to shoulder it. This sort of stress was best reserved
for soldiers and warriors on the battlefield. It wasn’t fair to force it upon civilians who
enjoyed sewing clothing, and petting small animals, and serving coff with little heart designs
drawn in milk.

 



It especially wasn’t fair to force them to shoulder it in their own homes, surrounded by the
people who should have made them feel safe.

 

[On the morning of the fifth day, someone in the mansion will be crying, Subaru knew.]

 

Frederica remembered Ram's scream. Even now, it sent a shiver down her spine.

 

[It might be over me. It might be over Rem.]

 

Rem still didn’t understand why he cared enough to put his life on the line once again for
HER, of all people. The selfish, miserable part of her appreciated it, because it had meant that
she could live until the present moment — but really, Subaru should have just left her to die
in that place, right?

 

At least Subaru had trusted that someone there would cry over him, Emilia thought dimly.

 

—She had to keep watching.

 

[I can’t warn them. They won’t trust me. And if I try to talk about Return by Death… Just
the thought of that taboo made Subaru shiver in fright.]

 

There was that to consider, too.

 

A looming threat, constantly lurking over Subaru’s shoulder. Black smoke, an intelligible
whisper, a hand, searing pain—

 

And Rem had BLAMED him — for being the hapless victim of such a vicious and sadistic
monster he could do nothing to fight back against.

 



[There’s so little time. I feel like the walls are closing in. But all I can do is…!]

 

He had been victimized by so many different things in this Manor, herself included. And yet
here he was, calling it home while trying so very hard to regain his place in what he called his
new happy family — of which herself was once again included. It didn’t make any sense to
Rem at all.

 

[I wasn’t able to get any sleep last night at all.]

 

And then there was sleep deprivation on top of everything else. Anastasia stared at the meteor
in disbelief.

 

This boy’s greatest flaw really was that he was just far too loyal, wasn’t it?

 

She dearly, dearly hoped that Lady Emilia had learned to manage her staff better over the past
year. This — situation — was just completely unacceptable.

 

[I know my anxiety and helplessness are reasonable, but I don’t have any way to…! I paid
with my life to come back, yet here I am, an incapable fool.]

 

["Ah, damn it…” Subaru scowled. “I'm being pathetic."]

 

He was being ridiculously pathetic, Rachins could agree with that. But his reasoning couldn’t
have been more different, because every inch of him wanted to scream at Subaru to just get
up and run away from this shithole already. Run far away and find someone who actually
deserved this ridiculous level of love and loyalty, as opposed to this gaggle of irresponsible,
idiotic psychopaths.

 

[I can’t fail here. Even if it‘s a life I’d thrown away, a life that should be over — I’m afraid
of losing it again. I might not come back a fifth time, after all…]

 



Rom felt a little bad for being relieved at that.

 

It wasn’t that he was happy to see Subaru filled to the brim with icy terror that threatened to
destroy him from the inside-out. But…it would make things much easier, if Subaru retained a
natural aversion to the idea of death. It would be better for Subaru — and it would be better
for the rest of them, too.

 

Anastasia was thinking something similar. Just like Rom, she knew better than to say it out
loud.

 

[If I wasn't at the brink, I wouldn't have made the decision to struggle with all my might,
Subaru thought. I lack the courage. I’m mediocre. I’m ordinary in every way. —The more
I learn how small a person I truly am, the more I despise myself.]

 

Wilhelm stared at the meteor, aghast. “What a way to think,” he marveled. He felt somewhat
sick.

 

Crusch stared. His — decision — hadn’t been something she could wholeheartedly approve
of, but the last words she would use to describe it would be terms like cowardly or small. In
fact, she believed that it was one of the bravest, kindest, and most generous acts she had ever
witnessed — regardless of whether or not any of those three traits had really been warranted,
in a situation like that.

 

Julius winced. “Don’t you think that’s a little harsh…?”

 

Blaming himself for being frightened at something she had done to him — the more Rem
learned about what her past self had torn to shreds, the more her soul was filled with utter
disgust.

 

Ferris turned away from the meteor. That line of thinking struck a little too close to home,
really.

 



["Stupid, stupid,” Subaru growled. “This isn't the time to whine and cry…”]

 

[If I have time to complain, then I have time to run my frivolous mouth and make a
better impression. Get going.]

 

Looking at this now, Ram was disgusted at herself for having put up with this nonsense for as
long as she did.

 

She could tell from the very start that something had been off about Subaru’s behavior. Even
if Subaru had thought he was hiding it well, it had been far too obvious. But she hadn’t done
anything but watch, assessing how he would react to new stimuli, waiting to see what would
happen next.

 

She had considered the possibility of him being a threat to the manor, after all. It seemed
absolutely ridiculous now, both with and without the context of — his situation — but for
those first couple of days, Ram hadn’t known if he could be trusted. Was he actually looking
to befriend them, or did he simply wish to get into their good graces in order to suit his own
ends? She had needed time to determine that.

 

But if she had been just a little bit gentler, maybe she could have headed this off sooner.
Maybe she could have helped him a little more. Maybe he wouldn’t have spent — however
long — running himself into the ground, all for the sake of being able to lie like a dog at the
feet of the two women who had — in his memories — done the unforgivable.

 

Ram hadn’t done anything, however. She had just watched and waited. She had no reason to
believe that any other version of herself wouldn’t have done the same fucking thing.

 

[Moments after Subaru left the guest room—]

 

["I've finally found you." The voice came from behind him.]

 

“Oh thank goodness,” Crusch muttered.



 

“Don’t celebrate yet,” Anastasia warned. “We don’t know what she’s gonna do.”

 

Emilia braced herself. Whether it would be a confirmation or a denial…!

 

["Oh, Emilia-tan calling for me!” Subaru smiled. He forgot everything — all his pain,
his aches, his despair — turning everything towards Emilia. He shoved everything else
to the back of his mind forcefully. “I'm happy, embarrassed — it's so rare! Your word is
my command! I will pass through fire and water for you, even loot sellers!"]

 

Felt flinched violently. Rom hissed between her teeth.

 

That line — carried with it all sorts of rotten feelings.

 

["…Subaru…” Emilia said softly.]

 

["Wait, now, if you're the Emilia-tan I know, you should be… Hurk!” Subaru gasped
dramatically. “Are you an imposter?! But could someone else really copy such a
beautiful girl wrapped in such an adorable package?!”]

 

Subaru braced himself, but nobody laughed. Nobody even THOUGHT to laugh.

 

[This included the Emilia present onscreen. Instead of amazement at his ridiculous
humor, Emilia…]

 

Pity. Wilhelm winced. That was the look in those amethyst eyes.

 

No young man wanted the object of their affections to look at them with pity, of all things.
But with how Subaru was acting right now, what else could anyone really expect?



 

[—Not good.]

 

["Eh?” Subaru asked. “You've gone quiet. This isn't some sort of prank you're playing
on a guy who gets carried away on tangents, right? —You know, like me!"]

 

[This is wrong. This is wrong, this is wrong, this is wrong—]

 

Felt swallowed. He was trying way too hard. Even Emilia wouldn’t be fooled by THAT.

 

Frederica stared, aghast. Had she ever seen Subaru...?

 

Ram’s bottom lip quivered.

 

[Why isn’t she shocked? Why isn’t she angry? Why is she looking at me with that pained
expression in her eyes?]

 

Rem stared. How could anyone possibly be ANGRY at him for something like this? Even if
she hadn’t had any idea what was going on with him, the only emotion she would have been
able to muster was extreme concern.

 

—Well. That was the her of the present moment, anyway. Who knew what the Hell the her of
the past would have thought about all this?

 

[I wonder if the comedian's mask I'm wearing slipped somehow.]

 

It hadn’t really been fixed on right for quite some time.

 



—Garfiel jolted. It hadn’t been plastered on correctly NOW, but…

 

How many times had Subaru been successful? How many times had he been frightened, or
angry, or sad, without any of the lot of them having the perspective necessary to…!

 

Garfiel had thought that he’d be able to tell, if it were really that bad. But he wasn’t so sure
anymore. He hadn’t been able to suspect any of…THIS…after all.

 

[—Puck can read the subconscious thoughts of others, can’t he…?]

 

Julius exhaled slowly. A fool’s errand, indeed.

 

[Ah, Subaru realized. This was always…]

 

Beatrice wondered what Puck must have thought, faced with this bizarre scenario. He must
have been worried, on some level or another.

 

She wondered what she would have done, if she had come across Subaru in this state. She
hadn’t sought him out in — the final timeline, whenever that was, and she highly doubted
that she had here, either. But if he had stumbled upon her naturally…

 

He wouldn’t have asked for her help like this. Would she had given it to him anyway?

 

“—That has nothing to do with me.”

 

…Beatrice had already seen the answer to that, hadn’t she?

 

[What a joke. His fake smile had been replaced by a much more genuine look — that
like the one of a child fearful of being scolded. She saw through me time and time again



while I danced around like an idiot in an effort to hide it all, didn’t she…?]

 

“Shame?” Ricardo asked softly. In response to realizing that the person he cared about most
in this world knew that he had been hurting, Subaru had felt — shame?

 

This went beyond a man’s unwillingness to appear weak in front of a woman, Wilhelm
thought gravely. This fearfulness, skittishness, bashfulness — it was similar to his memory of
a time when a very young Heinkel had wet his bed in terror from a nightmare and proceeded
to attempt to hide the sheets, as opposed to going to his parents for comfort.

 

Just like back then, this attitude made something inside of Wilhelm twist painfully.

 

[More than that, Subaru thought, shame burrowing a pit in his stomach. Emilia is the
one I least wanted to know…!]

 

“I…” Emilia’s eyes filled with hurt. The person he least wanted to know, she repeated to
herself. But — aren’t I the one he loves more than anyone else?

 

Emilia shook her head. She needed to keep watching. She needed to — make sure.

 

[Both of the people onscreen looked as though they were trying — failing — to find
something to say.]

 

Normally, Anastasia would look down on someone in this situation for hesitating in the face
of actions that needed to be taken — but in this current scenario, she sympathized deeply
with Lady Emilia’s plight. What in Od’s name was she supposed to do, here?

 

Here Anastasia was, asking that question when she had the full context as to why Subaru was
acting in such a bizarre, self-destructive manner. She could only imagine what had been
going through Lady Emilia’s mind.

 



[—I'm disappointing Emilia, Subaru thought. I didn't want that to happen, above all else.]

 

Emilia flinched.

 

Disappointing her — that was the possibility that he couldn’t stand most?

 

Subaru could never disappoint her. Not really. She loved him too much for that. But the idea
of him being afraid of her being disappointed in him made her want to cry.

 

Especially because, he thought she’d be disappointed in him…over this?

 

[Subaru opened and closed his mouth several times, but was unable to find the words to
excuse himself. What could he say? Was there anything he could…?]

 

Subaru had feared that Emilia would be DISAPPOINTED in him — for feeling anxious, and
hurt, and alone?

 

["All right,” Emilia murmured. “—Subaru. Come with me."]

 

["…Ah?"]

 

["Just come on.”]

 

[And Emilia dragged him back into the guest room that he had just left.]

 

“At least she did something,” Felt muttered. Though, she had no idea what it was that she
was about to witness.

 



So long as it was something, she didn’t think she’d care what it was. Just — so long as Emilia
did SOMETHING.

 

Emilia leaned forward, jolted out of her miserable meanderings. This had to be…!

 

["All right, Subaru,” Emilia declared, pointing at the floor. “Sit."]

 

“Eh?” Ricardo blinked, a little confused. “Like a dog…?”

 

[Granted, the floor here is soft enough to sleep on, but…]

 

Please don’t go sleeping on the floor. —Julius did not say that out loud, no matter how much
he wanted to warn Subaru of the risk of developing back pain from such an unnecessary
habit.

 

The air was simply too tense for that sort of fussing right now.

 

["If I'm going to be sitting, why not the bed or a chair?” Subaru asked. “Why the floor
specifica—”]

 

["Just sit already!"]

 

Frederica flinched.

 

It wasn't as though Emilia's language or tone had been all that harsh, but the air was so tense
already...! 

 

[She’s never used a strong tone like that before! "Yes, with pleasure!" Subaru replied,
diving to the floor without hesitation to sit properly on his knees.]



 

Ricardo huffed with slight amusement at Subaru’s enthusiastic attempts to please Emilia, but
the feeling was both mild and fleeting.

 

Ferris still hadn’t moved, his eyes glazed and dull and lifeless. There was no hint of mirth or
mischief or desire to tease in that face, as it was now.

 

["…All right,” Emilia said, and then knelt right beside him. Her face was red. "This is a
special occasion, all right?"]

 

[“—Eh?”]

 

[Emilia’s hand reached forward, and—]

 

“This is the one,” Emilia declared.

 

The entire theater appeared to jump.

 

[“This position's a little awkward, and, mm…kind of prickly.”]

 

“Are you…” Ram swallowed. Are you sure?

 

“Absolutely certain,” Emilia said softly. “Everything has lined up perfectly so far, hasn’t it?
…If it hadn’t, you wouldn’t be asking me that at all.”

 

Ram blinked slowly. That was…

 

That was right, wasn’t it?



 

[Oh, Subaru thought dimly, eyes wide. I'm upside down looking up at her.]

 

Julius suddenly was reminded of the expression of a puppy that had been suddenly pushed
onto its back, looking up at its owner with wide, soulful eyes. The comparison was difficult
to unmake, once a person recognized it.

 

Julius was not the only one to make that comparison. Nearby, Mimi was raising her hands to
cover her mouth, wide eyes sparkling. Her brothers were looking at her with confusion.

 

["Lap…pillow?" Subaru managed.]

 

“And…” Emilia swallowed. “And there’s no way that this moment could have ever been
echoed anywhere else.”

 

["It's embarrassing, so please don't say it out loud.” Emilia gave his forehead a light
slap, her hand obstructing his vision. “And you're not allowed to look this way. Close
your eyes."]

 

No. That moment, right then — it had truly been one of a kind. Emilia knew that in her very
soul.

 

["Emilia-tan, you're the best when you're embarrassed…” Subaru teased, moving her
hand aside. “But what is this? When did I do something to earn a reward like this?"]

 

[Emilia smacked his forehead, but this time left her hand against it, stroking his hair.
Subaru squinted. It tickles… "You don't need to put up that front right now.”]

 

Crusch watched her fellow Royal Candidate intently, an odd sensation filling her chest. After
everything Subaru had gone through, after everything he had been put through by the people
around him, watching someone treat him so gently and kindly felt — almost unreal.



 

He must have been so frightened. He must have been so hurt, and angry, and scared. How
long would this have gone on for, if someone hadn’t stepped in to take his hand? Crusch
wasn’t sure. She wondered how long it would have taken, for him to destroy himself.

 

She wondered if she, perhaps, had the potential to be that sort of gentle person, capable of
saving another with just a touch of kindness.

 

Felt watched with a grim expression on her face. She thought that she understood what
Emilia was trying to do, but she thought it was kind of a useless endeavor. Sitting and crying
never helped anyone, and Felt failed to see the value in letting someone shatter when you
could instead pull them up by the scruff of their neck.

 

—Was she wrong for that, maybe? Had she missed something, perhaps? The way Emilia had
spoken about this in the present moment suggested that she was, and that she had.

 

Rom winced. Anastasia averted her eyes. This — wasn’t something that anyone else was
supposed to be watching. Both of them could tell that much.

 

["You asked me to let you rest on my lap when you were tired, didn't you, Subaru?”
Emilia reminded him. “So that's what I'm doing. It won't be like this all the time, but
today's special."]

 

["Special?” Subaru repeated. “Come on, it's not even the end of the second day here.
My body's not weak enough to keel over from overwork that fast…”]

 

It had been far more than just two days, as far as Subaru was concerned. Wilhelm swallowed.
As far as Subaru was concerned, it had been…

 

And it had been a very rough time, as well. Wilhelm didn’t think that he would ever really be
able to understand how horrible it had been.

 



—To Subaru, it had been much longer than two days. But to Emilia, Rachins knew, it had
barely even been that. And yet here she was.

 

Ah, he realized. That’s why he loves her so much, isn’t it?

 

["I can tell you're beat-up just by looking at you,” Emilia frowned. “You won't go into
the details and tell me, will you? I don't think this'll make everything better, but…” The
compassion in her eyes made it hard for him to protest. “It’s the only thing I can do,
so..."]

 

[Emilia began to stroke his forehead gently. Subaru started laughing, trying to twist
away from her fingers.]

 

He hadn’t been able to tell her anything. He had wanted to say something, he had wanted to
say something so very badly — but he had been unable to tell her anything at all.

 

Emilia swallowed. Surely there was something more that she could have…?

 

“There wasn’t,” Otto murmured.

 

Emilia startled.

 

“You did what you could, Lady Emilia. Nobody could ask anything more of you.” Otto
huffed slightly. “And…I think you helped him even more than you realize, by giving him
this.”

 

[I’d promised myself that I’d stay strong in front of Emilia, Subaru thought desperately. I
don’t wanna look so weak and uncool in front of…]

 

What a backwards way to think of such a thing, Rem thought.



 

["Ha-ha…” Subaru attempted to laugh off. But his voice was shrill, and it was difficult
for him to get the words out. “Emilia-tan, you, doing that…for…me…"]

 

The person you love the most should be the person you allow yourself to lean on. The love of
your life should be the one who has seen you at your weakest, and stuck up for you
regardless. True love means that you support one another as you walk. Wasn’t that what it
meant to truly love someone? This boy said that he loved Lady Emilia — but did he actually
love her, or was he in love with the idea of being “worthy” of someone like her?

 

["You're tired, aren't you?"]

 

["I-I can still do…more. I'm totally…all right…”]

 

—No. That wasn’t the right question. Anyone with eyes could tell that this boy loved Emilia.

 

["Have you been having trouble?"]

 

["You're being so nice to me, I mean, I'm gonna blush. If you keep doing that, I'm…
gonna… Ha-ha…"]

 

A better question would be: did this boy know any other way to demonstrate his love for
Lady Emilia — than to prove that he was of use to her, and that he was the one who could be
relied on without it ever being the other way around?

 

[Even I know that my words sound hollow and empty, Subaru thought shamefully.]

 

It was natural, for a young man to feel afraid to show their weaknesses in front of the woman
they loved the most. That instinct was one of the most natural things in the world. —But at
the very, very least, even Wilhelm could tell that a man who could produce such a show of
strength was not the kind of man that Lady Emilia had fallen for.



 

Felt watched with eyes like flint. She wasn’t sure that she wanted Subaru to break, exactly,
but — she didn’t want him to go continuing to shamble about like this.

 

Perhaps it was the same sort of logic as setting a splint. Perhaps some things had to break
down before they could be rebuilt properly, so that all the broken pieces didn’t keep wearing
and wearing away at each other until the whole had been rendered entirely irreparable.

 

[Emilia drew her face close to his own. "It's been hard for you, hasn't it?"]

 

Ah, Frederica understood. That was what did it, wasn't it?

 

[Subaru’s breath caught in his throat.]

 

Old Man Rom exhaled, relief filling his chest. There it is.

 

[She sounds like she pities me. She sounds like she sympathizes with me. She sounds like
she cares for me.]

 

Of course she does. Of course Lady Emilia would care about you. Wasn’t that obvious from
the very start? —Ricardo couldn’t really say that, considering how the whole deal with those
twins had turned out.

 

Something else was occurring to him, however. Most of the time, the idea of being pitied by a
woman would be a source of great humiliation, wouldn’t it? But right now, Ricardo instead
saw that…

 

[Tears welled up in Subaru’s eyes as his walls finally came crashing down, letting all his
powerful emotions come rushing out.]

 



…Was that really all it took?

 

Reinhard didn’t really understand. But he had an ache in his chest that suggested that he
wanted to understand.

 

He didn’t really get how something so simple could have such an impact on someone, but —
he could tell that it really did mean something to Subaru. Maybe that was all that really
mattered, here.

 

["It was…hard,” Subaru finally managed to say.]

 

What an absurd sort of understatement. Rachins bit back that judgement. It wasn’t the time
for it, not right now.

 

[“It was really rough,” Subaru choked out. “I was really scared. I was really sad,
enough that I thought I was gonna die. It hurt so much…!"]

 

["Yeah."]

 

…Slowly, Felt began to understand what Lady Emilia was actually doing, here.

 

Beatrice cringed with every new word. It wasn’t anything that she couldn’t extrapolate on her
own, but…!

 

(Just where had she been? Sulking away in that room, just as she had been for four hundred
years.)

 

Garfiel had never expected his Captain to sound like this. He hadn’t really ever thought that
he COULD sound like this, before. —What exactly did that say about Garfiel, here?

 



["I-I tried. I really tried. I did everything I could. I desperately tried to do everything
right…! I did! Really, really, I swear, I've never tried so hard before in my life!"]

 

["Yeah, I know."]

 

He really had. Crusch had watched him this whole time, after all, and she had never once
seen anything that she would really describe as him slacking off. Even when he didn’t do as
good of a job as a manservant as he could, that had been him attempting to…

 

He was trying so hard. None of these people had known just how hard he had been working
for their sake, did they? There had been no way for them to realize it.

 

—But even if she hadn’t really been able to understand why, Lady Emilia had understood
enough. Perhaps that was what mattered most of all.

 

Subaru had certainly been trying, but he had been trying to do everything all on his own. This
didn’t make Otto as angry as it might otherwise have made him feel, because now he knew
that there was a reason why Subaru hesitated so much to ask for help.

 

He wasn’t angry, not really. Instead, the memory of the Witch of Envy’s curse made him feel
sick to his stomach.

 

["It's because I like it here… This place, it's precious to me…! That's why I was dying
to have it back. I was afraid. I was so afraid to see that day again…and I hated it. I
hated myself for that!"]

 

[“Mm-hm.”]

 

Frederica felt her lower lib wobble. This place, these people — all of it really meant that
much to him, didn't it...?

 



Tivey stared, aghast. This place was so precious to him — while the people had gone and
tormented him to the point of madness?

 

Who could call a place like that — PEOPLE like that — who could go and say that it all was
so very precious to them, all the same?

 

Subaru’s cries were making Mimi’s heart crack. Little brothers shouldn’t feel ashamed for
being frightened. Really, they shouldn’t even be allowed to grow so frightened in the first
place: not while their big sisters were around to keep them safe.

 

Her face grew into a snarl. What kind of an utter failure of a big sister…!

 

Older siblings look after their younger siblings. That was one of the laws of the world, as
Hetaro understood it. —And yet, even after that pink-haired woman had failed so horribly in
her role, Subaru still thought of her as his precious big sister.

 

Anastasia watched Subaru confess his love for this cursed place from the bottom of his heart
with a stony expression. Someone like this would be horrifically easy to take advantage of, if
the wrong person came across them at the wrong time.

 

…She was becoming less and less assured that the wrong kind of person hadn’t taken
advantage of this dangerously naive and forgiving nature while nobody reliable was around
to watch already.

 

This was pathetic. Ferris thought that this was pathetic. It was all so pathetic. He had nothing
else to say about this scene, nothing at all.

 

(His heart felt as though it were being crushed. His throat felt as though it were closing tight.
He refused to admit that he understood what Subaru was feeling far, far too well.)

 

(To admit it outright— could Ferris’ heart even survive a blow like that?)



 

[“I was so desperate to get it back. I was scared… I was so scared…! I didn’t want those
eyes looking at me like that again…”]

 

That’s what hurt you the most? Rem begged inwardly. Out of everything I did — it was the
way I was looking at you that…?

 

Only someone who truly, truly cared about her would feel agony at being looked at with
hatred. Rem understood this. It did not come as a surprise, really — not with everything else
she had seen so far — but it did feel as though someone had stabbed yet another needle
through her aching heart.

 

—Ah, Rem suddenly realized. If those are his true feelings, then the me that exists right now
has also…

 

She had looked at him with hostility, when she had first opened her eyes in this place. She
had been wary, and she had held onto that wariness in order to guard her vulnerable heart
long after she had been given evidence that this boy was truly harmless. She’d had no reason
to keep treating him with such viciousness, and she had been aware of that much for a little
while now — regardless of how much she had tried to deny it to herself.

 

I probably really hurt him, Rem thought with regret. If this is that boy’s — Subaru’s — true
character…then I probably really hurt him, didn’t I?

 

[“And I hated myself for feeling that way!”]

 

Nobody said anything as Subaru’s wails continued to echo within the theater walls.

 

Anger. Sadness. Sympathy. Relief. Pity. Grief. All of these feelings tumbled within the souls
of those present as they watched the boy weep out his heart in the lap of the person he cared
for most in the world in which he had been stranded. Words of comfort, words of
reassurance, words of levity drifted through their minds, but they all were pulled back before
they could reach their tongues.



 

Critiquing someone for what they said when pouring out their heart and soul in such a raw
and private moment — even the most socially inept individuals within the audience could tell
that this was not the time or place for such a thing.



Really, Rom scowled. They shouldn’t have been watching this moment at all.

 

[The tears won’t stop, Subaru thought vaguely as he sobbed, tears now streaming down
his face. My nose is running. My mouth is full of weird liquid. I must look so cowardly
right now…]

 

You don’t, Julius thought sadly. You look like someone hurt you very badly.

 

[What a sorry sight: a grown man with his head on a girl's lap, bawling his eyes out. It’s so
pathetic I could die…!]

 

You’re not, Wilhelm thought firmly. Being able to cry in front of the woman you love is a
blessing that far too few men are afforded in this day and age.

 

[…but this warmth might just kill me, too.]

 

Wilhelm smiled slightly, but it was weak. A gentle warmth like this was every man’s worst
enemy, in a sense. But it was the enemy that all men dreamed of one day succumbing to,
whether they realized it or not.

 

Ricardo exhaled. He was glad that Subaru had Lady Emilia in his corner. If anyone needed
that sort of kind and gentle heart to rely on — it would be Subaru, whose heart was much the
same whether he realized it or not.

 

A warm and comforting presence, which could so succinctly soothe the man she loved with
merely a kind word and a touch. Frederica had always wished that she could be that sort of
woman.



 

[Above his head, Emilia continued to make gentle sounds of understanding as she
listened to his cries, which were becoming more and more difficult to listen to by the
minute.]

 

This should have been painful to watch, Rem thought. She didn’t want to see Subaru in pain.
She didn’t want to watch Subaru wailing in despair. Anguish and hurt and suffering — it
didn’t give her any joy, to see such things presented before her eyes like this.

 

But it wasn’t painful at all. Quite the opposite, in fact. Because even though Subaru was
howling his misery to the world, Lady Emilia was right where he needed her to be. …Wasn’t
that what mattered most of all?

 

Rem felt her lungs relax, and her breathing ease. The ghost of a smile flitted across her face.
So this was the Lady Emilia that Subaru loved so much.

 

…Perhaps Rem could one day become a woman like that — as opposed to the monster that
was her old self.

 

[There’s no way she actually understands what I’m saying, Subaru knew. But the kindness
of her voice still…]

 

Ram should have spoken more kindly to him. Ram should have been more upfront about how
much he meant to her. Regrets swirled in her mind like a churning storm, enough that she
wanted to scream.

 

—There was nothing that could be done about the past. Ram would not make those same
mistakes going forward. If all Subaru needed to feel better was warmth and kindness, then
Ram could give that to him, couldn’t she?

 

After everything — it was the least she could do, really. In fact, it really was a pathetically,
unbearably small thing for him to ask of her in return.



 

[I don’t know why. Maybe I just want to be relieved by it, and that’s all it is. —But even so,
it still feels so…]

 

There was a saying that Subaru had told Beatrice about before: that a drowning man will
even clutch at straws. That idiom, did it refer to situations like this, she wondered?

 

If this desperation for relief was a case of Subaru clutching at straws, drowning in his own
despair as he sought for something to prevent him to succumbing to the stress — then surely
Emilia had presented him with something like a solid branch that he could clutch at instead,
and that she could use to pull him safely back to shore.

 

[Subaru continued to cry for a long, long time, until he finally wrung himself dry and
left his body on the verge of exhaustion.]

 

As Subaru wept, the tension in the room eased further and further, until finally the air felt as
though it were fully breathable once again.

 

Subaru himself, however, could not bring himself to look at any of them.

 

Emilia noticed. “Subaru,” she said gently. “This isn’t…”

 

“Nah, nah, it’s funny, I get it.” Subaru laughed uncomfortably. “I was really pathetic. I mean,
look at that face! And I’m getting your skirt all dirty, and…and…”

 

Emilia was staring at him. Subaru’s voice died in his throat.

 

The room was silent for a long moment, punctuated only by the sound of his own
heartbroken sobs. Subaru visibly cringed at every single one.

 



“I’m so glad that Lady Emilia was there for you, Subaru,” Julius finally spoke. There was not
a hint of mockery in his voice. In fact, he sounded more like he was about to cry himself. “So
very, very glad…”

 

Subaru had absolutely no idea how he was supposed to respond to that.

 

[Ah, Subaru thought, moments before he sank into slumber. All of his ugly, tearful
feelings had been wrung out of him, leaving only his pure, personal desires. That’s what
that warm throbbing in my chest means, isn’t it…? I’d felt it before, but I think I get it
now.]

 

Rom chuckled. “Ah.”

 

“Eh?” Felt scowled. “The hell are you finding funny, here, Old Man?”

 

“Don’t think of me in such a rotten light, would ya?” Rom sighed. “You’re gonna make me
cry…”

 

Felt raised an eyebrow.

 

“Just keep watching,” he murmured. “I’m sure he was about to figure it out himself.”

 

“…Hmph.”

 

Rachins kind of wanted the old man to just spit it out, but he was too tired to demand it of
him right now.

 

—Across the room, Reinhard tilted his head. Just what had Subaru figured out?

 



[—I love Emilia.]

 

…With that sentence, Reinhard’s confusion only grew.

 

“Hm?” Mimi huffed slightly, her mouth weakly curly upwards in amusement. “He didn’t
already know…?”

 

“And I thought Lady Emilia was dense,” Tivey joked quietly.

 

Hetaro titled his head. Julius looked similarly perplexed.

 

Anastasia frowned. Mimi was correct, wasn’t she? Subaru had known that he loved Lady
Emilia from the very start, had he not? What did he mean by that statement now?

 

“Ah.” Ricardo grinned. “And now it really begins, I see…”

 

[I thought I’d loved her before, but now I truly know what falling for someone means,
Subaru thought. It’s love at first sight.]

 

Love at first sight… Crusch tilted her head. Did such a thing really exist? She had assumed it
was a storybook trope more than anything else.

 

It wasn’t her place to dictate the nature of the hearts of other people, but…she could still
wonder.

 

Ferris knew what Subaru meant. He had witnessed it, and he had experienced it himself. The
subject had been the same both times: Prince Fourier and Ferris Argyle had both fallen for
the same woman, and they had both fallen hard and fast and true.

 



But the current Crusch was unaware of this. The loss of her memories had burned it all away.

 

Wilhelm smiled softly. He remembered that moment, himself — when he had gone from
loving Theresia to Loving Theresia, crossing that invisible line and realizing just how narrow
his world had been before.

 

Even Subaru, who was so intelligent when it came to matters of the heart — it seemed that
even he would become overwhelmed by such an immensely powerful thing.

 

[Just hearing her voice makes my heart skip a beat. Just talking with her is so pleasant it
feels like a dream…]

 

—For the first time in a while, Frederica felt like giggling. She felt as though butterflies had
burst into flight within her stomach. Just listening to such an open and earnest and
enthusiastic declaration of love... Oh, Subaru!

 

Wilhelm remembered that feeling. He remembered that feeling very, very well. For many
long and lovely years, he had…

 

Theresia had been gone for fifteen years, now, but Wilhelm would never forget that feeling
which had been engraved into his heart and soul.

 

[I can’t leave this girl who puts herself in harm's way for others.]

 

“Ya mean ya can’t leave the girl who puts herself in harms way for the sake of other people?”
Ricardo murmured, eyes twinkling. “Or do ya mean ya can’t leave her for others to take?”

 

Subaru didn’t hear him, but that was fine. Ricardo knew that the boy would have most
definitely agreed with both.

 



[That's why I love her, I had thought — but now I sincerely understood what I’d felt,
Subaru decided. She was the first one to save me when I was summoned to another world
without anyone to depend on. —And, when I’d been backed into a dark alley of despair, it
was she who saved my dying heart. She'd saved both my life and my heart.]

 

Falling for a person because their righteousness saved your life and their kindness saved your
heart… Rachins exhaled.

 

There were far, far worse reasons for a person to fall in love. At least Subaru had something
resembling a lick of sense, on some occasions.

 

(…Hadn’t Subaru also fallen for—?)

 

Reinhard wished that he had saved Subaru. He wished he had been there to…

 

But at least Emilia had saved him. Reinhard may have utterly failed in his role as the Sword
Saint — but Lady Emilia had saved Subaru. That made things alright, didn’t it?

 

(It didn’t, and Reinhard knew it.)

 

Emilia had saved Subaru, and Subaru had fallen for her in return. Julius tilted his head,
smiling: in his romance novels it was normally the opposite way around, with the Lady
falling for the knight after he saved her gentle heart.

 

—He wouldn’t say that out loud. Julius didn’t think that Subaru would appreciate the
comparison, really.

 

[—I can no longer think of living in a world without Emilia, Subaru realized.]

 

Frederica's smile faltered. Can no longer...? 



 

Can no longer think of living… Crusch swallowed. A life dependent on the livelihood of
another person — is that what you think love is?

 

To love someone to the point where you couldn’t imagine a life without them was one thing.
But Crusch had the sinking feeling in her stomach that Subaru really did believe that, if Lady
Emilia were to leave him, there would be nothing left for him to do but—

 

Crusch didn’t like this.

 

Ferris knew exactly what Subaru was talking about. He had known what it felt like to live
with another person at the absolute center of his world since he was nine years old, and a
young girl had opened the door to take him out of that dark and dirty basement for the very
first time.

 

There was no life, no humanity, no existence for Ferris without the presence of Lady Crusch.
That was the meaning of true love, was it not?

 

[I love spending my days with Emilia at the mansion, Subaru thought . I love learning all
sorts of things about the world. I love Ram, who'd taken such care of me in spite of her
blunt tongue. I really love Emilia. I love Rem, who insulted me with polite language but
always showed me how to do things. I’m enveloped by goodwill toward everyone living at
the mansion. I want to stay here forever. Those overflowing feelings might fill my chest to
bursting…!]

 

The sheer strength of Subaru’s love for them all made Emilia’s heart tremble. Even back then,
he had loved them all so very…!

 

But the joy that came with such a certainty was tempered by — what they had done to him,
without ever even realizing it.

 

“You didn’t do anything wrong, in fact,” Beatrice murmured. Emilia blinked. The spirit was
looking at her. “Rem, Ram…Betty…” She shook her head. “It’s different,” she said quietly.



“Subaru’s silly elf girl has nothing to feel guilty about.”

 

Except that Emilia was also Lady Emilia, and the members of her Camp were her
responsibility. —That was how things worked within the Royal Selection of Lugunica, right?

 

Emilia smiled anyway. “Thank you, Beatrice,” she said simply. She meant that much, at least.

 

He still thought of her so fondly. That reality felt like a stake through Ram’s heart.

 

It wasn’t like she had ever doubted that. But to hear it spelled out so clearly, in a timeline that
she knew had lasted in her own memories…!

 

Rem watched her sister tremble, lips quivering as she held back tears. What should she be
doing right now? Did she even have the right to do anything at all?

 

Rem wasn’t close enough to Subaru to be impacted like that herself, not as she was now. Her
heart made up for the lack by supplying her with an extra layer of guilt, for her closed-off
soul that still wasn’t quite sure how she felt about the boy she had wronged so horribly.

 

“Captain really does love us, doesn’t he?” Garfiel said quietly.

 

Otto exhaled slowly through his teeth. His face was oddly grim. “Did you ever have any
doubt?” he asked.

 

—Anastasia started to feel something like dread building in her stomach. She believed that
she knew where this was going.

 

[I love Emilia, Subaru reflected. I despair at lacking the power to protect her.]

 



“Subaru, you…” Emilia faltered.

 

I don’t want you to protect me, she wanted to say. I don’t want you to die for me. I don’t want
you to get hurt for my sake. I just want you to be safe, and happy, and to stay right by my
side…!

 

And anyway, with Emilia’s immense power and Subaru’s severe vulnerability — shouldn’t it
be the other way around?

 

[I fear Ram, who could slit open my throat at any time.]

 

…So it was like that, then.

 

Ram had thought that she wanted Subaru to fear her. She had thought that it might soothe her
a bit, to hear out loud that he at least hadn’t forgotten everything she had done to him
outright. And on some level, she was satisfied with this response. But—

 

He had been afraid of her. Even in this final timeline, the one that Ram remembered, Subaru
had been afraid of her. Every time she had joked with him, every time she had insulted him,
every time she had threatened him—

 

It wasn’t supposed to be the sort of thing that Subaru would take seriously, but how could he
not?

 

…Had he ever really stopped being afraid of her?

 

[I fear Rem, and her skull-crushing iron ball.]

 

Rem swallowed. She had already known that, but—

 



It hurt, to hear it said out loud. It hurt much more than she had expected it to.

 

Lady Emilia had said that Subaru loved her. She had even said that Subaru’s love for Rem
was comparable to that which he held for Lady Emilia. Rem couldn’t see how that could
possibly be the case, when one of them had saved him with such an open heart while the
other had hurt him so very, very badly.

 

[Roswaal’s disturbing madness, too, could lead him to commanding the twins to eliminate
me without mercy.]

 

Frederica's giddy, girlish mirth had now faded entirely. She couldn't even bring herself to
smile.

 

Otto pressed his lips together.

 

[Life at the mansion had grown stale. I hadn’t known where or when I’d be found out.]

 

Garfiel felt himself trembling. He hoped he wasn’t crying. He was too scared of the
possibility to check.

 

—Subaru hadn’t ever been this frightened of HIM, right?

 

[Every time I woke up, I checked whether I was still alive, and I could sense myself
cracking under my own constant vigilance against despair. —Those, too, are my true,
indelible feelings.]

 

Beatrice stared at the meteor with a dull expression on her face. She could have headed it all
off from the very start, right?

 

If she had just taken five seconds to go and help him during that first loop, then…



 

[Emilia saved me before the friction in my mind roasted me from the inside out.]

 

Lady Emilia was a brilliant woman. As she was a Royal Candidate chosen by the Divine
Dragon, Julius had never really called that into question. But this moment cemented that
knowledge into his mind like nothing else had been able to.

 

[By consoling me, Emilia pulled my heart back from the brink. Thinking about her fills me
with life and energy. Emilia is what keeps my urge to flee in check.]

 

Reinhard didn’t want Subaru to feel afraid enough to want to flee. He didn’t want Subaru to
feel as though he were approaching the brink of his sanity. He didn’t want—

 

But Reinhard hadn’t been there, and so…Lady Emilia’s intervention was the next best thing,
was it not?

 

Crusch stared at the meteor. All that Emilia had really done was console him after her own
staff had hurt him so very badly, and…?

 

[When I think of her, my body is afflicted by the hot pangs of that troublesome illness
known as love, Subaru thought dreamily. Once a person becomes aware of that, he loses
all will to fight against the disease. I’m no exception…]

 

“How poetic,” Ricardo commented wryly, too quietly for Subaru to hear.

 

Mimi pondered that statement. The troublesome illness known as love… Did she feel that
way with Garf?

 

Mimi wouldn’t really call it an illness. Mimi would want to call it something much stronger,
much more powerful than that. And Mimi wasn’t submitting: she was charging, and battling,



and she would reign victorious once the dust had settled to reveal her as the champion of
Garfiel’s heart.

 

Felt raised an eyebrow, but didn’t comment. She didn’t really have the ability to comment on
any of that, except to declare that such an experience was totally lost on her.

 

Rom noticed her confusion. “You’ll see, eventually,” he murmured. “In some form or
another.”

 

“Shaddup.”

 

Wilhelm chuckled. He understood what Subaru was feeling very, very well.

 

[No matter how much I get hurt, no matter what pain I endure, no matter how often I taste
despair, it’s all to save Emilia, Subaru decided. His eyes were fluttering shut. Everything
is so I can spend my days walking by Emilia's side.]

 

Emilia’s face twisted.

 

Wilhelm knew what that felt like. Defending a kind and beautiful young lady with the
strength of his talents, such that the two of them could live their happy lives — such had been
his relationship with his own wife. He smiled: it was so very nice, to see a young man — a
young knight — finding true love for the very first time.

 

Anastasia grimaced. This — was exactly what she had feared.

 

Faced with such cruelty one day, and then given such gentleness on the next… For someone
as malleable as Subaru, that would be a very quick and easy way to ensure that he developed
a dependency on one specific person.

 



It hadn’t been Lady Emilia’s intention. Anastasia knew that. But it had been her servant who
set the stage, and it was Lady Emilia who was currently reaping the reward, and it was
Natsuki Subaru who would suffer the consequences of their unintentional team effort.

 

—Ferris knew exactly what Subaru meant.

 

Ferris understood what Subaru meant by those words more than he had ever understood
anything else before in his life. Everything, all for the person you care about the most…

 

Ferris dressed like this, acted like this, worked as a healer like this — all for Crusch’s sake,
so that he may spend his days being of use to her. If he was not of use to Lady Crusch, then
Ferris had no reason to be alive.

 

[Even if I die again and again, Subaru thought. I will never stop loving…]

 

[He couldn’t even finish that thought before he had finally fallen asleep.]

 

Otto watched as Subaru slipped into a peaceful slumber with a tight look on his face. His guts
felt as though they were tying themselves in knots.

 

"Subaru..." Frederica trailed off.

 

But — Subaru was a boy, after all, wasn't he? And boys...

 

(After all, Frederica was a girl, and she would likely never really understand what it was like
to be a boy.)

 

“I…” Garfiel swallowed. “Is that what…?”

 



Is that how Subaru experienced his love for Lady Emilia? As something that made him
strong enough to—

 

Garfiel shook his head. It was normal for love to make men feel powerful, right? It was
normal for men to be spurred on by women to do incredible things.

 

…He dearly, dearly hoped that he would see Captain do many, many incredible things — as
opposed to things that were seeped in the poison of self-destruction. Garfiel wasn’t sure if he
would be able to withstand a sight like that.

 

“Even if you die again and again, I suppose?” Beatrice murmured softly. Her eyes were
pained.

 

“Beatrice…”

 

But Subaru didn’t really know what he could say.

 

Even if he were to die again and again… Rem reflected on that line, turning it over and over
again in her head.

 

—Did Subaru see Lady Emilia as his reason to die?

 

Rem was reminded of the tale of The Red Oni Who Cried. She was reminded of the Blue Oni,
who had so selfishly ignored how much the Red Oni cared for him so that he could sacrifice
himself and leave the Red Oni behind.

 

Ram wondered if Subaru had expected her to kill him again.

 

Emilia’s gentleness had regained him his strength, she remembered that much — but did that
really mean that he had felt safe in the Manor again? Or did that simply mean that he felt
strong enough to brave the dangers that she and her sister posed once again?



 

“Even if I die again and again…”

 

Ram had the horrible, horrible feeling that it was the latter.

 

Emilia stared at the meteor with a look of utter anguish.

 

She had been proud, to see Subaru respond so well to the comfort that she had given him. She
had been happy, to remember his peaceful, sleeping face. And she had been so relieved when
he woke up and appeared to feel all better, just like new.

 

She had felt all of that — and yet, when he was lying in her lap, he had come to a resolution
like…?

 

Emilia shook her head. No, she told herself firmly. No, don’t ruin this for yourself. Subaru
loves you. You always knew that Subaru loved you.

 

He loved her enough to—

 

But she loved him to that degree herself, too. So it was fine.

 

Anastasia watched Emilia with a grim expression on her face. She didn’t say anything at all.

 

Rom hoped that Subaru’s — obsessive tendencies — had eased slightly within his love for
Lady Emilia, in the past year. It would be easier to control him if it had not, sure, but Rom
wanted Subaru to suffer as little as possible. He was too good a kid: he deserved a good life.

 

[—The door to the guest room opened, and Rem stepped in silently.]

 



Everyone in the theater stiffened.

 

“What does SHE want…?” Mimi growled.

 

[“Shh…” Emilia put a finger to her lips, silencing Rem as she saw the maid opening her
mouth. Subaru was still in her lap, her free hand petting his hair.]

 

["Subaru-kun,” Rem said, eyes narrowing slightly. “Is merely asleep?"]

 

Frederica swallowed.

 

—Frederica knew Ram. Frederica loved Ram. But Frederica did not know Rem at all.

 

["Yes. Hee-hee, he's like a little boy,” Emilia giggled. “He looks so peaceful when I
stroke his head like this…”]

 

He did, in a strange sort of way. Looking at him now, Crusch wouldn’t be able to tell that he
had gone through death and come back out the other side — seven times, at this point.

 

That observation didn’t do anything to reassure her. She really would have missed
everything, wouldn’t she…? She really would have just — assumed that everything was
alright.

 

—Subaru deserved to look that peaceful all the time, really. That was what Reinhard
believed. But even though he considered Subaru to be one of his closest friends, he really
hadn’t done a very good job at securing that sort of safety for him at all.

 

["It seems Subaru-kun will not be able to work any further today,” Rem noted,
sidestepping either agreeing or disagreeing with that assertion.]

 



["Yeah, he gets the rest of today off,” Emilia smiled, playing with Subaru’s hair. “He's a
very naughty boy for taking time off on his second day. When he's all better, make sure
to punish him, alright?"]

 

Emilia stiffened. That was NOT the sort of thing she wanted to say to—!

 

["It is hard to think of that when you see him sleeping like this, though…” Rem
murmured, a thoughtful look on her face.]

 

“Is she…?” Rachins trailed off. This sort of attitude from a woman like her, aimed at a guy
she had gone and—

 

“What a fickle sort of person,” Wilhelm muttered. That sort of fickle nature, in which a
person’s motive could shift at the flip of a coin — it was very dangerous indeed.

 

Tivey tilted his head to the left. “Is that really it…?” he murmured.

 

Rem stared at her own face, and felt as though she were looking into the murky depths of a
pond.

 

["I will inform Nee-sama that Subaru-kun is of no use for today,” Rem said, bowing
politely. “We must reallot today's chores."]

 

[“Rem.”]

 

—Something about Emilia’s voice drew the attention of the entire room, in a manner
distinctly different from how it normally did.

 

[Rem stopped, having been about to leave the room, turning to see Emilia gazing back
at her with an oddly powerful expression on her face.]



 

Hetaro drew in a sharp breath. From this Lady, in the few times he had met her before, he had
never really felt…

 

Rachins swallowed, feeling oddly cowed. Rom raised an eyebrow, humming slightly as if
impressed.

 

“Hm…” Ricardo smiled slightly, showing his teeth. “Wasn’t sure if ya had it in you, little
Lady.”

 

Ferris looked as though he had been captured by the two eyes onscreen. He was trembling
slightly.

 

Julius nodded slowly. Reinhard’s lips grew into a thin smile. Wilhelm crossed his arms, eyes
shining with a rare sort of genuine approval.

 

“Hmph.” Felt grinned, baring her teeth. “There you are, Big Sis.”

 

Crusch stared upwards. Her heart trembled slightly. Could she match…? But she would have
to, if she wanted to prove herself. Because—

 

That, Anastasia recognized, was the expression of a Royal Candidate.

 

[“Subaru is a good boy.”]

 

[That is what Lady Emilia said.]

 

“Ah…” Mimi murmured. Tivey tilted his head to the right.

 



Garfiel smiled weakly. Of course that was what Lady Emilia would say. Otto grimaced next
to him: would Rem be the type to listen to that command?

 

“He is, in fact,” Beatrice said quietly. “Better than you even…”

 

Better than any of them knew, really — though Beatrice wasn’t sure how much she really
liked that. Being such a good boy you’d harm yourself for the sake of someone who couldn’t
care less about you…at a certain point, those sort of traits became more painful than
endearing.

 

Frederica exhaled slowly. Would that be enough?

 

Rem blinked slowly. She couldn’t say that she disagreed with Lady Emilia. Not after —
everything.

 

She should have allowed herself to recognize it sooner, she chided herself. If she were being
honest, she had known that Subaru was a good sort of person almost from the very start,
hadn’t she?

 

Ram watched the meteor silently, and waited to see what would happen next.

 

[Rem bowed in solemn acknowledgement, and then she finally left.]

 

Emilia watched the maid leave the room. What had she been thinking, during that brief
conversation?

 

That question was aimed at Rem —  and it was aimed at her own past self, too.

Chapter End Notes



Y’all, a month between updates is a reasonable amount of time, please at LEAST give
me THAT. I prefer having them out faster than that but I do have a life lmao, c’mon

SIDE STORIES INCLUDED:

[The World Petra Saw]



Chapter 13: Poisonous Flowers (Arc 2, Part 8)
Chapter Summary

There are parts of this final loop that those involved remember — and there are parts
that they do not.

Chapter Notes

Here’s the other half (er. kind of) of the chapter I had to chop up.

Hopefully the next one will come out pretty soon!

Also — y’all have no idea how ecstatic it makes me to see comments about how this fic
has apparently been getting a number of people to check out the Side Stories and Light
Novels. Drumming up some interest is like, at least a third of the reason I wanted to
write this fic in the first place.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

[Understandably, Subaru was utterly mortified when he woke up later, and scrambled
to apologize to Emilia over and over again as they both finally got to their feet.]

 

[My whole spectacle left Emilia's skirt all a mess from my runny nose, he cursed. She paid
a price like that, just to…! No matter what problems I’d been going through, that’s just
inexcusable.]

 

The audience stared at the meteor in disbelief.

 

“That’s— Subaru—” Emilia trailed off, eyes round and hurt as she tried to figure out where
to even begin with that line of thinking.

 

“Inexcusable,” Crusch muttered. “Torture and mutilation is one thing, but crying in
someone’s lap is…?”



 

The double standards made her feel oddly angry.

 

“Of course it’s alright,” Julius murmured. “Of course she was happy to do it, Subaru…”

 

To think of it as a price she had paid for it — what a bizarre, mean-spirited way to refer to
someone having wanted to comfort him.

 

[And still, she didn’t wake me up for all that time, and she’s not even holding it against me
now…!]

 

“Of course I wouldn’t,” Emilia said softly. “Subaru, I…”

 

“I get it, Emilia,” Subaru said uncomfortably. “It’s alright, I…”

 

He trailed off.

 

Otto watched this exchange silently and pressed his lips together.

 

[“It’s worth it if it made you feel a little better,” Emilia said. “Besides, you really don’t
understand, Subaru.”]

 

[“Eh?”]

 

["It's more satisfying for the other person to hear a single thank-you than a dozen
apologies.” She pressed a finger to his lips and winked. “I don't want you to apologize
for something I wanted to offer you, so there."]

 



[—And Subaru was bowled over on the spot, all over again.]

 

Felt exhaled slowly. Perhaps Emilia had responded as well as a person could, faced with an
attitude like that.

 

It was a good thing that Subaru was attracted to women who treated him kindly. There was a
lot wrong with how that guy thought of the world around him, but at least that was—

 

Felt stopped.

 

…But if that was the case — how in Od’s name did he end up being attracted to Rem?

 

["Borrowing a girl's lap, letting her caress my head, and falling into a peaceful sleep…”
Subaru paced back and forth in the Forbidden Library, red to the tips of his ears as he
pulled at his hair. “By itself you'd think it was awesome, but man…!”]

 

—Ricardo grinned. “Weeell,” he drawled. “Not sure if ‘inexcusable’ is the word I’d use for it,
but…it was kinda pathetic, eh?”

 

Subaru started, abruptly drawn out of his awkward, ashamed silence. “Wha—?”

 

“I mean,” he teased. “Ya did just cry into the lap of yer crush for several hours. How
embarrassing is that~?”

 

“O-Oh.” Subaru realized what Ricardo was trying to do. He complied, putting on a show of
getting angry once again. “Oh, go ahead, laugh it up! Laugh it up, the lot of you—!”

 

[“So I was a big crybaby in front of my sweetheart, fell asleep with tears on my face and
a runny nose. Plus, I had her lap to myself for hours on end…!” he groaned. “This is
like a humiliation game."]



 

“Humiliation game…?” Emilia repeated. Her voice sounded odd.

 

“Aw, come on!” Ricardo was laughing slightly. “Can’t blame the lad, can ya?” he pressed.
“Sobbing for hours in the lap of the person he loves the most in the world…!”

 

“Oi, shush! Just be quiet already!”

 

“Can’t blame…?” Emilia repeated. She didn’t seem to get it at all.

 

["Oh man, I've totally done it now,” Subaru moaned. “Emilia's the one I didn't want to
look weak in front of. Is there anything more embarrassing I could’ve done? I seriously
can't look her in the eye now!"]

 

Emilia looked rather hurt.

 

“…Emilia-tan?” Subaru asked. Ricardo paused.

 

“I…don’t want you to be afraid of looking weak in front of me, Subaru,” Emilia finally said.
“You’re my knight, remember? That means I can lean on you as much as I need to, and you
can lean on me in turn.”

 

Subaru opened his mouth. Closed it. He looked rather awkward.

 

Wilhelm was the one who jumped in to rescue him. “Please excuse him, Lady Emilia,” he
said gently. “Young men rarely want the women they are in love with to see them at their
weakest, I am afraid.”

 

“But the person you love should be the person you feel safest around, right?” Emilia pointed
out. “If anyone should be around when you need to cry, it should be the person you love and



trust the most in the world.”

 

“That’s…” Wilhelm faltered. Then he broke into a smile. “I think that’s a lovely way to see it,
Lady Emilia,” he said. “But — it may take some effort on Subaru-dono’s part to see it the
same way. Men are rather silly creatures, I’m afraid.”

 

Subaru stared at Wilhelm, mortified. “Wilhelm, why would you—?!”

 

“Lady Emilia loves you, Subaru-dono,” Wilhelm simply said. Subaru faltered. “I believe that
you should accept that love with an open heart, hm?”

 

Subaru — did not know what to say to that.

 

["Is that what a person says when entering someone's room late at night, I wonder?"
Beatrice snapped, in a particularly sour mood.]

 

“Wait—” Felt snorted, a grin spreading across her face. “Did Big Bro barge into the Great
Spirit’s secret room in the middle of the night to rant about his love life?” she snickered.

 

“He did that a lot, in fact,” Beatrice sighed. Felt cackled.

 

["Don't say that, Beako,” said the annoying insect that had barged its way into her
room without permission as soon as it had parted ways with Emilia. “We're friends,
right?"]

 

["What kind of relationship do you think—Wait.” Beatrice raised an eyebrow, her
cheek twitching. “What did you call me just now, I wonder?"]

 

Frederica snorted softly.

 



“Ah.” Otto’s mouth quirked up. “So, this was the first time she heard him call her…”

 

["Beako,” Subaru repeated proudly. “I think nicknames are an indispensable way to
show my friendship. You're the only one in the mansion so far who didn't like it even a
little bit, though…”]

 

Is that what nicknames were, Reinhard wondered?

 

If that was the case, then…

 

What sort of nickname should Reinhard give the individuals within the Felt Camp? He would
want to give one to — Felt, definitely, but also Rachins, and Camberley and Gaston, and
Rom, too. Ezzo would also need one, and then Flam and Grassis, and of course Carol and
Grimm, and…

 

What sort of nickname would SUBARU like?

 

(Felt saw Reinhard thinking from across the room and inwardly braced herself.)

 

[One can say that I am cajoling her into bringing on the sophistry and threats, Subaru
reflected. After all, it was from such humble beginnings that a firm pact was established
between us — even if I severed the deal…]

 

Beatrice’s mouth tightened at the memory.

 

Once before, she had chosen to create a pact between herself and her current contractor. After
four-hundred years, she had finally… And he had responded to that by throwing himself off a
cliff, right before her very eyes.

 

She had to forgive him for that. Beatrice loved Subaru, she loved him very much. But — just
how was she supposed to forgive him, for something like that?



 

Beatrice wouldn’t tell Subaru just how angry she was, because there was nothing he could do
about it now. But how was she ever supposed to forgive him for—?

 

[Well, even if she doesn’t remember, I will never forget how I felt back then.]

 

Beatrice stared at the meteor silently. He didn’t forget me, she thought. He didn’t…

 

Could she perhaps sit here and — and say that that was enough?

 

["—So I don't care what you think of me,” Subaru declared. “I'm going to call you
Beako. It's the greatest sign of affection I can give you!"]

 

Beatrice’s eyes watered, and her mouth began to tremble. She had not appreciated that
gesture nearly enough when…!

 

["That does not please me whatsoever! What is with that overbearing goodwill?! Is it
merely distasteful or completely disgusting, I wonder?!”]

 

“Beako?” Subaru murmured, eyes and voice both filled with worry.

 

The nickname made her breath catch now in a way it never had before. —Then her breathing
eased, and Beatrice smiled, ever so slightly.

 

["Hey, what's with that way of talking?! I'm thanking you from the bottom of my heart
here. This is no time to make fun!"]

 

["If you're going to insist that what you said just now was not meant in jest, you and I
are no longer engaged in conversation. It may look like dialogue, but it is not!"]



 

“My silly contractor,” Beako said softly. “…But it’s nice, I suppose, that you always say
exactly what you mean.”

 

[So she’s saying that if conversation is supposed to be a game of catch, then this is more
like rugby…]

 

She had not done so nearly enough herself, back when she had sat in that library watching
those doors for four-hundred years.

 

[I’m showing considerable affection in an appropriately Subaru-like way, but that seems to
be lost on Beatrice.]

 

["Well, I'll set that aside,“ he sighed. “But I'll still call you Beako."]

 

["Such single-minded resolve is quite unnecessary. What would happen if I simply do
not respond to that name, I wonder?"]

 

["Don't say cold things like that, Beako."]

 

“Good luck with that,” Felt muttered, mouth twitching. She didn’t think anyone could be as
stubborn as Subaru when it came to ridiculous things like this.

 

Sure enough—

 

["What's wrong, Beako?” Subaru pressed, pacing around the stool of a girl looking to
make good on her threat. “You look glum, Beako. Are you all right, Beako? If there's
something wrong, you can talk to me, Beako. Mm? What is it, Beako? We can do this,
Beako. Beako, Beako!"]

 



["I have never seen anyone as annoying as you! What is with you, I wonder?!"]

 

[Subaru pumped his fist in victory, much to Beatrice’s growing anger.]

 

Frederica sighed. 

 

[Of course, someone as thin-skinned as Beatrice is natural prey for someone born with a
talent for getting on other people's nerves like me…]

 

Julius exhaled, pinching the bridge of his nose. He was trying not to freak out too much,
trying to be secure in the knowledge that 1) everyone remembered these events and 2)
Beatrice very much loved Subaru, even if she didn’t realize it yet.

 

But to see that boy purposefully antagonizing a Great Spirit of Yin just for the Hell of it…!

 

["Actually, I've got an admission to make,” Subaru said. “I'm backed into a corner and
really need your help…”]

 

“I’ll say it,” Felt declared, as Subaru began to explain his predicament as best he could. “Real
relieved that this is the final loop, here. —It is, right, Beatrice?”

 

“Yes,” Beatrice confirmed. “Betty — remembers this part. …It would be difficult to replicate
such an experience by chance.”

 

“I can’t tell if that’s an insult or not,” Subaru commented. “Or perhaps Beako is attempting to
compliment my unique personality?!”

 

“It is neither a compliment nor an insult, I suppose,” Beatrice returned. “Betty’s contractor is
a human who is hard to replicate — even when that human attempts to replicate himself, in
fact.”



 

["In other words, E M D (Emilia-tan's Majorly Divine)!"]

 

["Did you say something exceedingly stupid just now, I wonder?"]

 

["Not at all. I'm putting my top priorities back in order…”]

 

“Case in point,” Ricardo grinned. “No faking something like that, now, is there?”

 

“You’re just jealous of my undying love for my Emilia-tan, you overgrown throw rug!”

 

Wilhelm smiled wistfully. Here his foolish self was, unable to tell his wife that he loved her
until fourteen years after her death — and then there was Subaru, who could shout his love
for the girl he had fallen for without any embarrassment or hesitation at all.

 

It wasn’t that he wished to be someone other than himself, but he did wonder what it would
be like to wear his heart so firmly on his sleeve. He imagined that it would be quite
wonderful.

 

["Yeah, I'm pretty serious about that,” Subaru admitted. “Like enough to beg God for
help. I can't think of anyone else I can go to."]

 

[Emilia is obviously the member of the mansion I can place the most trust in— but she’s
also the most important part of my life, Subaru reflected. The absolute last thing I want to
do is put her in danger…!]

 

“That’s…” Emilia frowned. “Subaru, I don’t like it when you decide things like that for me.”

 

“I know, Emilia-tan,” Subaru assured her quietly. “I — figured it out, eventually.”



 

[I normally prioritize my own life, but in this case hers is much, much more important,
isn’t it?]

 

Instantly, the mood soured.

 

“That’s such bullshit,” Rachins snapped. “You don’t prioritize your own life! You never
have!”

 

“My life isn’t more important than yours!” Emilia cried out, sounding devastated at the very
thought. “Don’t you— Subaru, don’t you realize just how much you—?!”

 

“He is yer knight, Lady Emilia.”

 

Emilia froze.

 

“…Ya promoted him to yer knight a year ago, remember?” Anastasia pointed out. Her tone
wasn’t grim, just practical. “A knight protects his Lady. That is his role, and it is one that he
wears with pride. —Isn’t that why Natsuki-kun has been training with the whip?”

 

“…I…”

 

“Ya shouldn’t berate him for his enthusiasm in fulfilling his duty,” she pressed, not giving
Emilia the time to formulate a protest. “I know ya care for him, but ya must understand how
insulting that would be.”

 

Emilia swallowed.

 

Wilhelm stepped in next. “It is in a young man’s nature, to put the life of woman he loves
above his own,” he said, voice far more gentle than Anastasia’s. “It is how the male sex



shows its affection. —In this context, it may feel rather unpleasant, but please understand that
this is simply another way for your incredible knight to say that he loves you from the bottom
of his heart.”

 

“I…” Emilia took a deep breath, and then nodded. “A-Alright,” she murmured. “We… We
can talk about this later, right, Subaru?”

 

“Sure!” Subaru nodded rapidly. “Definitely, Emilia-tan! —And anyway, you know I’ve
grown a lot since then, so you really don’t have to worry, honest!”

 

Emilia smiled sadly. “I’m glad.”

 

Despite Anastasia’s, Wilhelm’s, and Subaru’s best collective efforts, however, the mood
within the theater remained somewhat dark.

 

[I can’t go to Puck, either — and Rem and Ram are both out.]

 

Rem swallowed, but it wasn’t like she could argue with him about that.

 

—Somewhere in the back of her mind, Ram felt her first real sense of comfort since that
horrible rug-pull of a reveal about the true nature of her relationship with the boy she
considered her little brother.

 

He had forgiven her, but he hadn’t forgotten. He hadn’t jumped straight back into the tiger’s
maw. He had still wanted her to prove herself worthy of his trust, on some level, even if it the
barrier to earn that trust had likely been far too short.

 

Ram took a deep breath, savoring that bit of knowledge. It made things just a little bit better,
just a little bit.

 

[And of course, Roswaal is a no-go…]



 

Otto relaxed, just slightly. At least Natsuki-san had had enough good instincts to be aware of
that much.

 

Frederica winced. Unfortunately, Subaru had been correct about that much.

 

Garfiel huffed, nodding his approval — though really, he hadn’t expected much else from his
Captain.

 

[“So that leaves Beako,” Subaru concluded aloud. “She's actually pretty sweet. And
softer than she looks."]

 

Frederica was still a little angry, maybe. But...

 

["I don't understand your meaning, but I do sense that you are mocking me."]

 

At the same time, she couldn't help it that her heart felt soft as she gazed at the youthful
figure on the meteor.

 

["That's not my intent at all…”]

 

It really hadn’t been. Beatrice had assumed it at the time, when she thought that Subaru knew
nothing about her aside from their unfortunate first meeting. But now that she had seen…

 

[“Actually, the way things are in the mansion right now, you're the only one I can rely
on. —Please.” Subaru knelt on the floor, bowing this head. “I'm begging you…!”]

 

It was warm. But it also made her very, very sad.

 



“But of course he’d known that I would help him,” she murmured, too quietly for anyone else
to hear. “I already had.”

 

["I need your help,” Subaru declared, head touching the floor. “I want to set everything
right and protect the place where I can be happy. —And that's no good if it doesn’t
include everyone here.”]

 

Though, he had made a much better case for it this time around.

 

Rem swallowed. “It had to include me, too, then…” she murmured.

 

But of course it did. He had died for her sake, so of course he thought of her that way.

 

Ram was curled in the fetal position, sitting with a slouched form in her spot. Her eyes stared
up at the meteor from behind her forearms, dull and glazed.

 

It wasn’t really a kindness, for her to be told that such a future had needed to include her, too,
in that boy’s eyes. Even if she had already known that to be the case.

 

["…Beatrice?"]

 

[A long silence had passed. Subaru raised his head to see Beatrice staring down at him
with a very conflicted look — fierce and glaring and on the verge of tears, all in one. She
looked as though she was struggling to figure out what she wanted to say.]

 

It was Subaru’s sincerity, that had gotten to her most of all.

 

She had attempted to mask it by stringing him along a little longer, but Beatrice knew the
truth. From the moment Subaru had looked at her and asked her for help with an open heart,
Beatrice had known that she had no choice but to assist him to the best of her ability.



 

["Listen to me, Beatrice. I understand why you don't want to help me out of hand. To
you, I'm a weirdo and a stranger who wandered in just the other day."]

 

["…If you know that much, you do not need to hear it from my lips, do you?"]

 

(And really, Beatrice was pretty certain that Subaru had known that from the start.)

 

["You're the one who patched me up. Thank you. I know you don't know this, but I
have a mountain of other things I need to thank you for. And here I am asking you for
help again…” Subaru lowered his head to the ground. “It's pretty pathetic. It's a
miserable sight, really, but you're the only one I have."]

 

“Kinda pathetic, ain’t it, Subaru?” Ricardo said teasingly. “Going to someone who looks like
a little girl for—”

 

[This is the lowest form of begging: pushy and self-centered and with no regard for
Beatrice's feelings whatsoever. And this is a cowardly way of going about things, but…]

 

Ricardo stopped immediately, his smile falling off his face.

 

["You are a worm crawling on the ground, wailing about your own powerlessness,”
Beatrice snorted. “Do you have any pride at all, I wonder?"]

 

["I know what's important to me. I'll bow my head ten times or a hundred times and
pound the floor if that's what it takes."]

 

[I’m too much of a weakling to obsess over petty pride.]

 

“…I don’t like this very much, actually,” Ricardo muttered.



 

He wished he could take that joke back. Because — it clearly hadn’t actually been a joke, in
Subaru’s mind.

 

Tivey winced at him sympathetically. Foot, meet mouth.

 

["You may…raise your head."]

 

[I’ve been petty and insincere, Subaru thought resentfully, doing as she asked. And I
made such a craven request. —But, if this leads to her agreeing to help me, then…]

 

“I’m not sure I’d call you either of those things,” Crusch muttered.

 

All of his actions over the past four loops pointed to the exact opposite conclusion, really.

 

["Bea…”]

 

["Take this, would you?"]

 

[And Beatrice’s sole stomped against his face. "Bwah!" he cried.]

 

Rachins squawked in surprise. Mimi started laughing — at the sight of Beatrice’s actions or
at the sound of Rachins’ reaction, nobody was really sure. Rachins turned to glower at her,
just in case.

 

Ricardo chuckled. Kids. —Such a sentiment was aimed at two different pairs, currently.

 



["You could think on it a hundred times and you would never comprehend the work I
go through,” Beatrice snapped, stamping on his face again and again before finally
ceasing her assault. “No matter how many silver coins you gather, they will never equal
the sacred glow of a gold coin. Do you understand, I wonder?"]

 

["Er, if you get a few thousand silver coins they'll equal it, I'm sure. It's just a matter of
comparable value, right? Or maybe you're just bad at math?"]

 

["Will you stop looking at me like a pitiable child, I wonder?! Are those the eyes of
someone who was just begging me?!"]

 

“Kids,” Rom muttered out loud. Nearby, Wilhelm chuckled. Frederica only sighed.

 

[This pathetic stubbornness of mine is pretty moronic, Subaru thought. Pestering Beako is
a pointless battle that began for no particular reason and persisted across worlds
regardless… Pathetic, stubborn, and moronic, that’s what I am.]

 

—Frederica frowned. 

 

Beatrice’s face twisted. For some reason, the idea of Subaru’s pestering being labeled as any
of the above was…

 

“It says something that she doesn’t throw you out right away, you know,” Julius pointed out,
trying to be encouraging. “She would have been perfectly capable of getting you out of her
space if she really wanted you to stop being so aggravating.”

 

“That is correct, in fact,” Beatrice agreed firmly. “If I really wanted to…”

 

“I know,” Subaru murmured. “I— I know, Beako. …You really think I never figured it out?”

 



["All right, then,” Subaru sighed. “I'll play my trump card. If you cooperate with me,
I'll give you a reward of equal value, you hear?"]

 

“A reward of equal value?” Tivey frowned. “Are you even able to give her something like
that?”

 

[Onscreen, Beatrice had similar trepidations. “Do you think the likes of me would be
lured by any reward you can muster, I wonder?"]

 

["How about this? Because I saved Emilia at the Capital, I get to borrow Puck. And
Puck said if I want to swap that for something else, I only need to ask... You see what
I'm getting at here?"]

 

“O-Oh,” Hetaro laughed. Tivey sighed: that did make sense.

 

Julius exhaled slowly. A favor from the Beast of the End, and…

 

[Offering Puck up on a silver platter is pretty silly, but if it works…]

 

But perhaps Beatrice would be more important here, anyway, he consoled himself.

 

Anastasia pinched the bridge of her nose. Mercifully, she kept her mouth shut.

 

[I’ll have to repent of pushing my problems onto a little girl after everything is cleared
up…]

 

“Betty is not merely a little girl!” Beatrice objected hotly. “Betty is a Great Spirit of Yin, and
you were correct to push your problems onto her, in fact!”

 



“Thanks, Beako.”

 

["It is rare for someone to ask about that.” Beatrice said in response to Subaru finally
voicing the subject of his questioning: shamans. Her lip curled in distaste. “I wonder,
does paying that bunch any heed get you anywhere?"]

 

“You reeally don’t like shamans,” Emilia noted quietly. “Do you, Beatrice?”

 

“Not in the slightest, in fact,” Beatrice replied stonily.

 

["Normally I'd say it depends on how you use them, but looks like you can't use them
except to hurt people, huh?" Subaru noted.]

 

That was exactly the case. Really, Julius felt that he could agree viscerally with the Great
Spirit’s immense distaste for the craft.

 

“Disgusting,” Ferris muttered quietly nearby. His tail lashed once, and then he didn’t say
anything else.

 

[If curses are supernatural powers that exist to bring down others, the practice in my home
world of putting needles into voodoo dolls probably counts, Subaru thought. Well, not that
I actually accept the existence of the occult in that world…]

 

“Voodoo dolls?” Anastasia echoed. “The occult?”

 

“Er…” Subaru frowned. “It was more or less a kind of superstition back home,” he said.
“Some people believe that you can inflict harm on people by using dolls as stand-ins for
humans, and then sticking needles into them. There are other sorts of ideas, too, and the sort
of people who’d believe it and practice it are referred to as taking part in the occult.”

 



“Hm.” Julius tilted his head, an unfavorable look on his face. “I believe that I have heard of
similar practices to these ‘voodoo dolls’ in Gusteko, myself… Though, I do not believe they
go by the same name.”

 

Subaru grimaced. “Great.”

 

["So, let me ask this…” Subaru said. “How do you defend against a curse?"]

 

[My one advantage is knowing in advance. If I can just defend myself ahead of time…!]

 

Julius smiled grimly. In most circumstances that would be the ideal course of action, yes —
but when it came to curses, specifically…

 

["You do not."]

 

["—Eh?"]

 

["No means exist to defend against a curse once it is activated,” Beatrice declared.
“Once activated, you are finished. Isn't that what a curse is, I wonder?"]

 

["I-isn't there any kind of Instant Death Resist…?!” Subaru asked weakly. In video
games, you deal with Lv. 1 Death type spells by casting Instant Death Resist in advance.
But now…?]

 

“Video games,” Anastasia mused. That term had come up a number of times now.

 

“It’s — a lot to explain,” Subaru admitted. “I’m not sure I really could…”

 

“You reference them a lot,” Mimi noted. “Did you play video games a lot, Subaru?”



 

“All the time!” Subaru suddenly wilted. “Though — should I really be saying that so
proudly…?”

 

“It sounds like they’re a lot of fun,” Tivey pondered aloud. “I’d like to try some, if I ever get
the chance…”

 

Anastasia supposed that was Tivey’s way of requesting her to look further into the matter.
She chuckled slightly. Message received.

 

["—However,” Beatrice said after a moment of watching Subaru spiral into despair.
She was grinning. “That is limited to curses that have activated."]

 

[“—Huh?”]

 

Beatrice winced. Messing with his emotions at a time like…!

 

Of course, Beatrice hadn’t known the severity of the situation at the time. She’d had no idea
that he was looking to spare himself from a foe that had claimed his life four times — twice
directly, twice indirectly — and who would soon be looking for a fifth bite at his soul.

 

But just like there was knowing and not knowing, there was doing and not doing. And
Beatrice had done what she did, and that was that.

 

“—Beako.”

 

Beatrice blinked. Subaru was looking at her with an intense expression on his face.
“Subaru…”

 



“I wasn’t hurt by that, Beako,” Subaru murmured. “I was happy that you were teasing me a
little.”

 

[She got me good…]

 

“That’s what it means to be friendly with someone, right? I couldn’t be upset with you for
that. —Especially not after how I had been teasing you, right?”

 

Beatrice swallowed, and then nodded. Slowly, she relaxed.

 

“Besides…” Subaru grinned.

 

["—Physical contact with the target,” Beatrice declared. “An absolute prerequisite, I
wonder?"]

 

“…It’s not like you were refusing to help me, right?”

 

—Beatrice tensed all over again.

 

Subaru’s smile faltered. “Beako?”

 

“—That has nothing to do with me.”

 

There was knowing and not knowing. There was doing and not doing. In this timeline
Beatrice had done without knowing — but back then, she had known without doing.

 

That — was a sin that she would have to live with for the rest of her life.

 



["If it's no one here at the mansion, then…” he pondered, finally being able to connect
the dots. “It’s gotta be the village..."]

 

[So — would the shaman be a resident or a visitor? Subaru mused. It wouldn’t be hard to
find the latter, considering how quickly news of strangers travels around these parts. The
former would have had to make this a carefully premeditated crime — but the Candidacy
only exists because the Royal Family died out half a year ago, right? A shaman would
have to have integrated themselves into the community years before that to be considered a
native…]

 

[“No, that doesn’t seem likely. So — the shaman’s an outsider. Finding them won’t be
too hard, then…”]

 

“That isn’t bad logic on its own, but you are making too many assumptions,” Anastasia
warned. “For one, you don’t even know if this ‘shaman’ is actually related to the Royal
Candidacy at all.”

 

“And it didn’t even end up being a shaman,” Tivey added.

 

“I get it, I get it,” Subaru sighed. “Kinda dropped the ball on that one…”

 

[As far as the shaman is concerned, I haven’t actually done anything yet, Subaru noted.
They should really hardly even know that I exist at all… So, I have an opportunity here for
my own preemptive strike.]

 

["I've got you by the tail now, damn it.” Subaru grinned in hopeful delight, clenching
his fist. “I didn't die twice at your hands for nothing!"]

 

“He really did just go around saying this stuff,” Rom muttered.

 

“Betty thought it was a metaphor or nonsense or something, I suppose,” Beatrice admitted.



 

"I had thought that Subaru-sama was telling jokes," Frederica said. "And in rather poor taste,
to be frank."

 

Anastasia tilted her head. “The taboo didn’t activate,” she noted.

 

“It probably requires Subaru to intentionally attempt to reveal his Authority,” Julius replied.
“Him being casually oblivious, meanwhile…”

 

“Who are you calling oblivious?!”

 

That made sense. Anastasia pressed her lips together. —Really, even if she may not have
figured it out in its entirety, shouldn’t Lady Emilia have noticed that something was awry?

 

["What is that attitude in front of someone you asked for aid, I wonder?” Beatrice
complained. “If what I spoke was of service, I think you should say as much to my
face."]

 

Beatrice braced herself.

 

["Yeah, you're right! You saved my bacon; I can see the light thanks to you! I love you,
Beako!"]

 

Reinhard’s eyes widened. Felt started cackling loudly. Julius shrieked. None of them were
alone: half the theater had some sort of abrupt physical reaction to the scene before them.

 

After all—

 

["Let g— Would you put me down, I wonder?!" Beatrice shrieked, currently being
picked up and twirled around above Subaru’s head as he danced around the library.]



 

—it was not every day that one could see a Great Spirit being so outrageously manhandled
like a young child.

 

“Subaru!” Julius cried out. “Subaru, of all the things you could have—!”

 

Ricardo was howling, slapping his thigh. “She asked for it!” he declared. “She asked him to
show his gratitude, and he did exactly that—!”

 

“He has a point,” Rom chuckled. Rachins whipped around to stare at him, eyes wide with
horror and disbelief. Rom’s chuckles grew into belly laughs at the sight.

 

“You DID bait him, you know,” Garfiel grinned.

 

“Not sure what you expected,” Otto muttered.

 

“Neither is Betty, I suppose,” Beatrice sighed.

 

Frederica giggled.

 

["Ha-ha-ha, I could just fly in the sky right now! Nah, how 'bout we fly together,
Beako?!"]

 

["Fly all by your lonesome—!"]

 

["Bwah?!"]

 



[And Subaru was slammed hard enough into the floor to force him into a full leg split,
the tremors wracking his body from head to toe.]

 

“Deserved,” Tivey said. Mimi nodded solemnly.

 

[“Urg…” Subaru moaned, his eyes spinning.]

 

Hetaro frowned. “Is it…?” he asked. “He was just excited, right?”

 

[Beatrice landed elegantly nearby, huffing. "Do you see what happens when you get
carried away with frivolity, I wonder?" she scolded.]

 

["That's not the only thing I saw. They're white!"]

 

Felt sputtered loudly. Crusch choked. Frederica shrieked. Otto yelped aloud. Hetaro
squawked, eyes flying wide.

 

[Beatrice sputtered. “—Take this, would you?!"]

 

[And Subaru was sent flying through the air into a bookshelf, where the contents
proceeded to tumble down upon his head.]

 

“De— DESERVED!” Hetaro shouted, looking almost panicked. “Of all the things you could
have said in that position—?!”

 

“Big Bro,” Felt demanded. “What the Hell were you thinking?! Do you always have to make
the worst first impression imaginable?!”

 



“It really was a ridiculous thing to say,” Crusch scolded. “Especially because this was only
her second time meeting you, for Od’s sake!”

 

“I know.” Subaru’s face was buried in his knees, his ears red. “I know…”

 

Anastasia sighed. She didn’t even look surprised. “In any case, there’s a lesson about what
happens if yer too much of a jokester,” she pointed out. “Let that be a lesson to you three, oh-
kay?”

 

["The friendship gauge goes down just a little and I get this?!” Subaru whined,
crawling out of the mountain of books with a teary face from getting treated so roughly.
“If you're not happy with something, just say it, geez!"]

 

“Did you really need to be told that ahead of time?!” Julius all but shrieked, looking a little
like he was going to be sick from fright. “Of ALL THE THINGS to say to a Great Spirit,
Subaru—!”

 

“Julius, calm down,” Ricardo tried to coax. “They all remember this, we know he survives
this loop, Beatrice isn’t going to kill him—”

 

With the way things were going, Julius wouldn’t be surprised if she all of a sudden turned
around and did exactly that!

 

["Being picked up like a little child, spun around in midair, having my panties seen, you
speaking superficially lovey-dovey words, all of it!” Beatrice retorted. “Is your entire
existence a nuisance, I wonder?!"]

 

["Hey, don't put down my existence; that's really sad stuff! I'm trying not to be a
masochist here!"]

 

As a youth, Wilhelm had been very cold and unfriendly to most of his peers, valuing himself
as something of a lone wolf. With the wisdom of age, he had come to be somewhat



embarrassed of that phase of his life, wishing that he had been just a little friendlier.

 

—Looking at Subaru’s old self, Wilhelm could at least take quiet solace in the fact that he
had managed to avoid the pothole of being TOO friendly with the people around him. He
coughed into his fist, trying to hide his wobbly smile.

 

[I do hope to find ways to improve myself, Subaru thought wistfully. Just like I found a
chance to improve my circumstances. After all, just because I'm powerless doesn't mean I
have to be helpless, too…]

 

Wilhelm paused. Powerless…

 

“Subaru,” Julius said uncertainly. “I don’t really think…”

 

But — it was kind of true, wasn’t it?

 

Subaru wasn’t supremely powerful, not really. He didn’t have great skill with any weaponry,
he wasn’t sturdy enough to withstand great blows, he wasn’t fast enough to truly outrun a
skilled pursuer — he couldn’t even use his gate properly without the help of his contracted
spirit. Even his Authority, which was very much that, was far too painful and unpleasant to be
referred to as much more than a curse.

 

“He’s got the right idea,” Anastasia said firmly. Julius started. “Being powerless and being
helpless are two different things. Ya can’t do much about the former, but the latter is another
story entirely.”

 

“…Of course.” Julius bowed his head to his Lady, who had been born with nothing and
clawed her way to the very top. “You are, of course, correct — Lady Anastasia.”

 

Subaru watched them both with an odd look on his face.

 



—Leaning against the jar, Beatrice sighed. “My silly contractor,” she said fondly, patting the
glass. “Honestly, you really are just a little boy, aren’t you…?”

 

["Anyway, the situation's a lot better than it was,” Subaru said. “It'll be hard waiting
out the night, but tomorrow i'm heading to the village.”]

 

[I’ll probably go with either Ram or Rem, Subaru thought. Both of them have combat
strength, after all. And, if I can get rid of the vile shaman AND raise my friendship gauge
with both girls in the process…!]

 

“Planning on forcing the two girls to fight on yer behalf, Subaru?” Ricardo teased. “What a
manly strategy for ya to—”

 

“Don’t say that.”

 

Ricardo stopped. In fact, the entire room seemed to stop, because this was the loudest that
Ram had been since—

 

Since.

 

“I don’t want Subaru getting it into his head that he needs to fight things like that on his
own,” Ram said, her voice like ice. “If nothing else, he can rely on me for that. I may be a
pathetic excuse for an older sister, but…”

 

But what? she wondered. But I am older? But I am stronger? But I am an Oni? But I will
only ever die once? —What can I say? What SHOULD I say?

 

“Nee-sama…!” Subaru protested, eyes round and wounded.

 

Ram didn’t even glance his way. She didn’t let herself look in his direction at all.



 

“…But I am still Ram,” she decided. “That much has not changed.”

 

Ram had never really told Subaru outright that he could rely on her: she had believed that
much to have been obvious enough not to warrant her spelling it out for him. But she wasn’t
so certain about that anymore, and so she could not allow anyone to go muddying the waters
even further — no matter how lightheartedly such teasing was intended.

 

Ricardo swallowed. “…Sorry, sorry,” he laughed. “Yer right, of course. Yer right…”

 

(Next to her older sister, Rem watched with eyes almost as pained as Subaru’s.)

 

["Now that I think back on it,” Subaru sighed. “I sure went through a lot…”]

 

“Ya really did,” Ricardo muttered.

 

Anastasia grimaced. Somehow, she got the feeling that Subaru had barely even begun to
acknowledge how much he had actually just endured.

 

[I’m speaking too soon, but it’s still a light at the end of the tunnel, right? Surely no one
could blame me for feeling that way…]

 

“Of course not!” Emilia exclaimed.

 

“Of course not,” Wilhelm agreed. He thought of the moment he had learned that Subaru
knew the exact time and location of the White Whale’s next appearance. Fourteen long years
had led up to that moment, and when he felt as though the conclusion were finally dawning
upon him…!

 

—Subaru had known the exact date and time of the White Whale’s next appearance.



 

…Wilhelm didn’t think about what that might mean. For his own sake, he didn’t allow
himself to speculate on that.

 

[But shouldn't you be thinking of something else? he rebuked himself. Looking up means
missing that which is right at my feet, doesn’t it?]

 

“That’s ridiculous,” Anastasia scolded, scowling. “If you spend all your time looking at your
feet, you’ll never manage to get anywhere meaningful at all.”

 

The only way Anastasia had managed to climb out of that hole in the Kararagi slums, after
all, was by keeping her eyes on the clouds and the stars. And right now, Subaru had to keep
his eyes on his ultimate goal — because if he didn’t, he could end up stuck in this loop until
the end of time itself.

 

“I must agree,” Crusch said seriously. “A person must keep their eyes pointed upwards, if
they don’t wish to cloud their soul. Developing a habit of looking downwards at your feet
will teach you nothing but to live in shame.”

 

Subaru looked back at both of them, his face slightly conflicted.

 

“Eh,” Felt shrugged. “Ya gotta think big, but you also gotta think practical,” she pointed out.
“If that’s what he means by looking at his feet, I don’t see a problem in glancing down now
and then.”

 

Anastasia pursed her lips. Crusch grimaced. Both of them still had an issue with the wording
of that sentiment, but they conceded the point regardless.

 

[Wait. Subaru suddenly stiffened. As a man of little nerve and much wariness, I can’t help
but…]

 



“Little nerve?” Julius echoed in disbelief. “Much wariness?”

 

[“The scent…of the Witch…” Subaru remembered.]

 

The theater stiffened.

 

["What do you mean, I wonder?" Beatrice asked.]

 

Frederica braced herself.

 

["Right, the Witch. Rem mentioned her. You did, too, Beako." Subaru frowned,
thinking of how many times this Witch had been brought up in his short time in
Lugunica. It really bothers me all of a sudden that I don’t really know anything about
her… I mean. She’s come up basically everywhere.]

 

“It really is something that everyone is expected to know,” Emilia winced. “The fact that you
weren’t aware of it at all…”

 

And then, of course — the one person who didn’t know the name of the Witch may have
been the one person who needed to be aware of her more than anyone else in Lugunica.

 

[Ram refused to talk about her entirely. Rem used it as one of her justifications for
attacking me. Even Emilia seems to resist the topic… Should I really be asking Beatrice
about it at all?]

 

“Is it not a little too late to be questioning that decision?!” Julius begged. “If you would just
think things through a little bit more—!”

 

“If Subaru were going to ask anyone,” Beatrice interrupted. Julius faltered. “I much prefer
that he were to ask me, in fact.”



 

Julius very well could not argue with the will of a Great Spirit, let alone the one who was
Subaru’s own contracted partner. “…I suppose that is the case,” he sighed.

 

Subaru would have had to ask someone, eventually. Such common knowledge was not the
kind that he could scrape by in this world without. And of the people available — Beatrice
was likely the best person he could have chose to ask.

 

Emilia tilted her head, frowning. “I would have told you,” she said quietly, talking to nobody
at all. “You could have asked me.”

 

["Beako,“ Subaru finally said. “You know about the Witch, right?"]

 

[For a long, long moment, Beatrice was silent.]

 

“Not to say I hadn’t been perplexed, I suppose,” Beatrice murmured. “To meet someone who
genuinely knew nothing about her…”

 

At first, it had been suspicious. Then, it had been concerning. In the end, she’d had no real
reason to refuse Subaru’s request: such common knowledge was the type that could be given
freely to any party, because everyone was already expected to know it by heart.

 

["She who drinks the world itself,” Beatrice finally said. “Queen of the Castle of
Shadows, The greatest of all disasters — the Witch of Envy.” She sighed gloomily,
seeing Subaru’s awestruck reaction. "In this world, there is only one being indicated by
the word ‘witch.’ Should I add, it is even considered taboo to speak her name aloud, I
wonder?"]

 

Taboo to speak her name out loud — and then Emilia had gone and told Subaru that such a
vile title was her own. Anastasia still didn’t understand what in Od’s name could have
possessed her to do that.

 



—Emilia was having similar questions herself. Why on Earth had she told Subaru that her
name was Satella?

 

Perhaps she would never really know the answer to that.

 

["So everyone's in awe and fear of her, and no one defies her?"]

 

["Yes, precisely. Rather, why would you even ask if I know her, I wonder? In this world,
aren't the names you know best those of your parents, then other family, and finally, the
name of the Witch, I wonder?"]

 

["Oh, come on..."]

 

[But Beatrice’s expression remained serious, and Subaru swallowed his words.]

 

["The Witch of Envy, Satella,” Beatrice declared. “She consumed the great sinners of
yore known as the Six Witches, swallowing up half the world in the process, the vilest of
all calamities. It is said that the witch desires love. It is said she does not comprehend
human speech. It is said she envies everything in this world. That none have seen her
face and lived. That her body is untouched by the ravages of time, unable to grow old or
decay. That the Dragon, the Hero, and the Sage combined their power to seal her away,
because even they could not hope to destroy her…”]

 

Nobody in the theater reacted. After all, everyone there had all heard all of this many, many
times before.

 

But there was one more detail that everyone knew, that they waited with bated breath to see
revealed to the boy who knew nothing at all.

 

[“…That she is a half-elf with silver hair."]

 



[Subaru blinked slowly.]

 

“…Not much of a reaction,” Julius noted.

 

“Well,” Anastasia said, quietly enough that the Emilia Camp wouldn’t hear. “Simply relaying
the situation through words doesn’t get the true, instinctive fear of the matter across quite so
well, I’m afraid…”

 

[What an absurd story, Subaru thought. Crimes so vile that people speak of them centuries
afterward are already bad enough, but the fact that the perpetrator continues to exist,
sealed away somewhere out there — that would be unthinkable back in my world…]

 

["Well, I can't really go by that one…” he thought allowed. “Even if people don't know
the name of their own prime minister, they know the name of, say the nation’s most
popular idol group…”]

 

“Idol group?” Anastasia repeated, this time speaking loudly enough for Subaru to hear.

 

“Ah— It’s kind of like, a group of singers?” Subaru replied, frowning. “But they have certain
personas, and they get dressed in all sorts of frilly costumes, too…”

 

Anastasia tilted her head. Somehow, she didn’t think that Subaru was simply talking about
bards and songstresses.

 

[Subaru and Beatrice continued to speak for quite some time. But then night began to
turn into morning, and…]

 

["I suppose my skin shall be compromised if I do not get my beauty sleep,” Beatrice
finally scowled. “Staying up late like this is quite a bother."]

 

[And finally, Subaru was thrown out of the archive.]



 

“He didn’t sleep at all,” Crusch sighed.

 

“Slept plenty on Emilia’s lap, I guess,” Felt shrugged. “So, it could be worse.”

 

[Subaru visibly suppressed a yawn, watching Emilia perform her morning routine in
the garden.]

 

Anastasia pressed her lips together. He really should know to take better care of himself,
shouldn’t he…? And when he was in such a dire situation, too.

 

[The sight of her so diligently carrying out her daily routine… Subaru clenched his fist
with renewed determination.]

 

Anastasia sighed. Talk about a one-track mind.

 

Frederica smiled sadly.

 

["Well, you seem to be doing better now,” Puck commented, hovering in the air nearby
as he groomed his face. "To be honest, you were not much to look at yesterday. I'm a
little relieved."]

 

["That so? Sorry to make you worry. But my naive heart still isn't completely over
everything, so I want the feel of your fur to comfort me.” Subaru reached out to wrap
his fingers around the palm-sized cat. “Ahhh..."]

 

["Well, if you can bluff like that I suppose you're fine.“]

 

Julius couldn’t help but watch in awe as the Beast of the End allowed this random boy to
manhandle him without even the slightest of protests. It was truly a sight to behold.



 

Emilia watched with a soft expression. I’m glad you let him hold you, Puck, she thought
gratefully. So very, very glad…

 

[Those ears are a surprising sensation, but what else is there… Ah, the tail! From base to
tip, the feel of it is beyond even my wildest expectations—!]

 

Ricardo cackled. “There’s our favorite fur connoisseur!” he declared.

 

“How someone could be so happy about petting someone’s fur…” Tivey muttered, staring in
something almost like awe at the dreamy look on Subaru’s face.

 

Subaru’s face was red. “Will none of you let this go?!”

 

“It’s not like you ever do,” Otto sighed. “Every time there’s a fluffy animal available, you…”

 

Subaru buried his face in his knees.

 

[“Lia did lend you her lap and everything."]

 

["…Did you see the lap pillow, too, by any chance?"]

 

["Only because she did it for so long. It was quite difficult to stay kneeling in that
position for hours, and I offered to take over several times, but… Relax, Lia saw it
through to the very end."]

 

“Of course I did!” Emilia exclaimed, eyes widening. “I said that I would, didn’t I?”

 



“I-I know, Emilia-tan…” From the look on his face Subaru’s embarrassment seemed to have
multiplied tenfold.

 

Ricardo grinned. “But would the first-rate fur connoisseur really have minded getting to lie in
the lap of the fluffy Great Spirit again~?” he teased.

 

["Ow—!” Subaru suddenly cried out. “Why did you just scratch me?!"]

 

["You had an explosion of complex feelings of affection for my daughter. Maybe I ought
to explode you?"]

 

["You ought not!! That daddy mindset's a complicated thing, geez…!"]

 

“Looks like fathers are the same everywhere!” Rom laughed.

 

“And what is THAT supposed to mean?!” Felt demanded.

 

Ricardo chuckled. —He wasn’t really Ana-bo’s father, but even he felt that he could
commiserate. Daughter-like figures always inspired those protective instincts in old guys like
them, it seemed.

 

["—A silver-haired half-elf, huh?" Subaru suddenly murmured aloud.]

 

Emilia stiffened.

 

[It must be a great burden, to have similarities with a being like…]

 

…That was what he thought, was it?



 

Not suspicion. Not malice. Not fright. Subaru’s thoughts had been filled with nothing but
sympathy for her position, right from the very start.

 

Emilia felt a warm ache tugging on her chest. It wasn’t like she had really fexpected anything
different from him, but — it felt warm, all the same.

 

[And yet, Emilia has been raised to be an honest, benevolent person… Subaru thought
warmly. No doubt in the hope that she would live as a lovely, untainted flower.]

 

And somehow, that warmth grew even greater.

 

Julius chuckled. “It’s wonderful,” he said. “That Lady Emilia has someone who thinks so
highly of her.”

 

Anastasia smiled and nodded. She didn’t voice aloud her growing unease about whether or
not that attitude was actually warranted, on Subaru’s behalf. There was a time and place for
that.

 

Frederica thought of her own mouth full of sharp teeth, and couldn't quite stop that warm
envy from glowing in her chest once again.

 

["Either she grew up in a real friendly environment, or…”]

 

["Or maybe she was raised by a good father,” Puck finished, reading Subaru’s
emotions. “Mm-hmm."]

 

“He really knows how to endear himself to father figures,” Rom chuckled.

 

Felt folded her arms. “Hmph.”



 

Subaru’s ability to charm old people didn’t stop at the border between human and spirit,
apparently. Mimi tilted her head. “Is that why Subaru and Beatrice get along so well?” she
wondered.

 

“Onee-chan, please do not refer to the Great Spirit Beatrice as an old lady!” Hetaro cried.

 

Beatrice startled. “An old lady, I wonder?” she cried out.

 

Hetaro slapped his hands over his mouth. Behind him, Ricardo was cackling loudly.

 

["Well, to a large extent she was just born that way,” Puck said. “Not to harp on it, but
that girl had a much, much harder time than you can imagine. It's adorable how she's
like this in spite of it all, though."]

 

Otto could imagine. A silver-haired half-elf…

 

And yet, Lady Emilia had decided to participate in the Royal Selection regardless. That sort
of heart, able to remain both kind and firm in the face of such a massive storm of troubles —
it was what had drawn him to the silver-haired Royal Candidate in the first place, even before
he had met Subaru in Irlam.

 

There had been a time when Garfiel would have scoffed at the idea of such softness being a
strength: there was a reason that he had been attracted to Ram, after all. —But Lady Emilia
had shown him a very different kind of strength. She had shown it to him back in Sanctuary,
and had continued to demonstrate it many times since. That kindness, that warmth, that soft
strength — that was why Garfiel had finally decided not just to follow Captain, but to follow
Lady Emilia, as well.

 

["Hey, Puck,” Subaru suddenly said. “Do you know about the Witch of Envy?"]

 



Julius flinched. “Subaru—!”

 

[Puck didn’t seem bothered at all. “There is little that I do not know."]

 

…Slowly, Julius relaxed again.

 

“He really is gonna give you a heart attack at this rate,” Anastasia muttered.

 

["Okay, I wanted to ask you this…” Subaru cleared his throat. “Under what
circumstances would you use the Witch of Envy's name as an alias? —Wait, alias
doesn't sound very nice; it's more like…borrowing the Witch of Envy's name
temporarily."]

 

Beatrice tilted her head. “Not a bad person to ask, I suppose,” she murmured.

 

[After all, Subaru reflected. There’s no one here who would know better than the one who
knows Emilia best.]

 

—Or Emilia herself.

 

Anastasia turned her way. “Why do ya think ya might’ve done that?” she asked.

 

Julius started. “Lady Anastasia—!”

 

“I’m curious, too,” Felt interrupted. She was looking at Emilia with a quizzical look on her
face. “That wasn’t very like you, Big Sis. Do you have any idea why you’d do something like
that?”

 

“Do we really have to—?!” Subaru exclaimed, eyes widening.



 

“I really don’t think—!” Otto objected.

 

“It’s not an accusation,” Crusch said quickly. “It’s just…”

 

“It’s strange, isn’t it?” Felt agreed. “It feels so…out of character, for you.”

 

A long silence passed. Subaru and Otto both looked like they wanted to say something, but
— truth to be told, everyone was curious about what she had to say.

 

Emilia was frowning. “…I’m sorry,” she finally said. “But I really don’t have any idea why I
did that.”

 

["I think that would be a reckless thing to do,” Puck said. “There are still many people
with undiluted hate toward the witch, with fear and despair still carved into their souls.
A person would have to be soft in the head to use the name of the witch as an alias
around people like that."]

 

["I'll take that as a 'never.'"]

 

["Meow meow?"]

 

And even Puck didn’t have any clue about it. In that case, Emilia feared that it would remain
a mystery forever — literally lost to time.

 

Perhaps that was for the best. Perhaps she didn’t want to know what had possessed her to say
such a thing.

 

["So she was trying to creep out a weirdo to keep him out of this Royal Selection
business…” Subaru concluded.]



 

Emilia blinked. “—Eh??”

 

“What?” Otto frowned. Garfiel tilted his head, confused.

 

[I guess I’ll never really know, Subaru admitted. But — I think she was trying to protect
me by keeping me away from her dangerous situation. He smiled slightly. Even back then,
that tenderhearted girl was…]

 

That tenderhearted girl nearly got you lynched in the street with that dirty trick, Anastasia
didn’t snap. It wasn’t like Emilia had known where that joke made in poor taste would lead
Subaru, after all. It wouldn’t be entirely fair to blame her for it.

 

—Except that nothing in life was fair, and Lady Emilia’s actions had lead to those
consequences regardless.

 

 Frederica tilted her head. 

 

“Does that sound right?” Felt prodded.

 

Emilia wasn’t sure that was right. Maybe it was. She would like to think that it was.

 

“I hope so,” she finally answered. “I’d like to think that my intentions — were something like
that.”

 

["That's quite the distant look you have,” the present Emilia said, interrupting
Subaru’s thoughts with a somewhat strained smile. “What's wrong?"]

 

Lost to time. Emilia had never really thought about that turn of phrase before today, but —
what a strange concept it was.



 

["Back in my proper place,” Puck sighed, nestling onto Emilia’s shoulder. “Ahh, this is
where I'm most at ease. Home sweet home."]

 

["Oh, so now you're Daddy back home from a trip, are you? Poor you, driving home all
tired like that."]

 

["That's because my eyes were wide open protecting my daughter from a wolf's poison
fangs,” Puck replied. “Those poison fangs won't come near her, you see?"]

 

["Hey, don't stare at me and talk about 'poison fangs' — twice! You'll ruin my
reputation here…”]

 

Rom chuckled. Humans, demihumans, spirits — all fathers really were about the same when
it came to their beloved daughters, weren’t they?

 

Felt scowled at him. “I don’t like that look on yer face, old man…”

 

[—Subaru couldn’t look Emilia in the eye.]

 

“—Eh?” Mimi frowned.

 

“I can’t blame him at all,” Tivey muttered. Hetaro winced in sympathetic agreement.

 

“Any young man would feel the same,” Wilhelm sighed. Ricardo had to agree with that, even
if he knew it wasn’t very fair.

 

Mimi stared at them all in confusion.

 



[I want to talk to her. I want to say something. But how can I face her, after…?]

 

Otto winced. “My amazing self might just melt into a puddle from the shame,” Garfiel
muttered. The merchant nodded silently in agreement.

 

“—That’s ridiculous,” Mimi announced.

 

The whole theater startled.

 

“Mimi—?” Julius started to ask, looking somewhat confused.

 

“A man is allowed to cry into the bosom of the woman he loves,” she declared, crossing her
arms. “And he’s allowed to cry into the bosom of the woman who loves him. —Isn’t that
right, Boss Lady?”

 

Anastasia nodded. “Men are the type of creatures who never feel comfortable crying
anywhere else, I’m afraid,” she teased gently. “Boys are all very silly creatures…”

 

Crusch couldn’t disagree with that.

 

Frederica chuckled.

 

Felt shrugged. She felt like she’d be pretty embarrassed after a display like that herself, but
she didn’t care enough to argue the point.

 

“Perhaps…” Reinhard trailed off.

 

To be entirely honest, the entire scenario sounded kind of wonderful to him. For someone to
love you enough to let you cry yourself to sleep in their lap like that — how could something



that warm possibly be considered an embarrassment?

 

[“Err, this is a little embarrassing…” Emilia said awkwardly, running a finger through
her hair. But then she took a deep, determined breath, and smiled. “—Are you feeling
all right?”]

 

Emilia had been a little embarrassed at the time, having considered the position a little more
intimate than she was used to. —Now, she found herself wondering if she had perhaps not
been intimate enough.

 

He must have been so lonely, she mourned. He couldn’t scream for help, he couldn’t reach out
for a hand, he couldn’t tell anyone what was going on at all. All I could do for him was give
him a safe place to cry.

 

Could Emilia really say that that was enough?

 

["I was in a tight spot until I heard Emilia-tan's voice. And, er, also, sorr—”]

 

[Subaru suddenly stopped.]

 

["...Thank you,” he corrected. “For everything. After all that, I think I have my head on
straighter."]

 

Emilia smiled sadly. “Good boy,” she softly praised.

 

["It doesn't seem you're completely over it, but I'm glad you think you're getting there.
Mm, if I was able to help a little, that's just fine. If you feel whittled to the bone again,
just tell me.” Emilia winked at him. “Your sister will gently console you."]

 

Ricardo coughed into his fist. “Ou-uch,” he snickered.



 

“Oof,” Rom agreed.

 

Frederica cringed. For Subaru, facing a response like that—

 

And for Emilia, who hadn't quite realized what, exactly, she was pushing away.

 

Crusch frowned. “I don’t know why you are wincing like that,” she said. “I thought it was
quite a sweet thing to say.”

 

(Next to her, Ferris twitched.)

 

“How she can be that oblivious…” Felt muttered, shaking her head. If it were anyone else
she’d assume that Emilia was simply trying to let Subaru down easy, but knowing what she
knew about those two now…!

 

[I know she’s just trying to alleviate my guilt, Subaru reflected. But that happy, older
sister-ish look…the fact that she seems serious makes me tremble a bit.]

 

Wilhelm started laughing.

 

“You see?” Crusch asked. “So long as Lady Emilia cares for him, do the specifics really
matter all that much?”

 

“Oh dear,” Rom said, wincing with sympathy for poor Ferris.

 

“I think she’s right,” Felt cackled. “Big Bro’d probably be fine with being Big Sis’ dog, so
long as she showered him with affection!”

 



“Wha— Just what kind of impression are you guys forming of my relationship with Emilia-
tan, here?!”

 

Emilia put her hand to her mouth, giggling.

 

—Crusch was correct, however. Sister, puppy trainer, it didn’t really matter. Subaru was
Subaru, and he would always be the person dearest to her heart.

 

["The main thing is that you're feeling better,” Emilia nodded. “You have to work hard
today, you know? Are you sleepy? You slept at such odd times."]

 

["No need to worry. A shut-in like me holding down the fort sleeps all day and is up all
night to begin with. Well, it got a bit healthier as of late."]

 

“A shut-in,” Ricardo repeated, amused. It was hard to imagine Subaru staying shut inside of
anywhere.

 

["Just to ask, what is a shut-in anyway?"]

 

["He is the Guardian of the Culture, always immersed in an ocean of information about
the state of the world and the global economy to better protect the home day and night,”
Subaru answered dramatically. “The upper ranks never set a foot outside the house and
even commemorate their lovers' birthdays through their screens."]

 

[To be blunt, the souls of those who do that have long risen to a higher plane of existence.]

 

Anastasia frowned. Was Subaru referring to a specific sort of job title, from where he came
from?

 

—Subaru had been some sort of scholar. He’d had no experience with basic household
chores, but he did show clear talents in cooking, sewing, and entertainment. He was



unusually good with children. He was extremely well-read, enough to understand literature in
terms of both individual stories and genre-wide tropes.

 

Anastasia tried to piece those things together, to form some idea of what sort of role a “shut-
in” might actually perform. Some sort of household entertainer, perhaps? A confidant?
Perhaps it was similar to a court jester, whose job was to keep the mood light and friendly
while offering advice to the King. Though with how Subaru was speaking about it, it didn’t
sound like being a “shut-in” was quite so exclusive. Perhaps each noble house kept a number
of ranked “shut-ins” on staff…?

 

“But didn’t he say that there weren’t any noble houses where he came from?” she wondered
aloud.

 

Tivey blinked. “Lady Anastasia?”

 

—Anastasia would have to investigate this topic more, at a later date.

 

[At some point, the conversation had shifted to Emilia’s use of magic.]

 

["Mm?” Subaru tilted his head, as Puck described the difference between spirit mages
and magic users. “But then that makes spirit mages way too powerful,” he objected.
“Magic users are limited to the amount of fuel they can store inside them, but spirit
mages have a free pass to use as much as they want. There's no contest."]

 

“There’s a reason spirit arts users are considered so terrifying on the battlefield,” Rom agreed
gravely.

 

Wilhelm couldn’t help but agree. “Terrifying warriors, they are,” he murmured. “Utterly
terrifying…”

 

["You understand quickly,” Puck praised. “But it isn't quite convenient. In the first
place, the mana in the air isn't infinite..."]



 

[Puck trailed off, glancing back at Emilia, who nodded. "And the strength of the spells a
spirit mage can use is dependent on the spirit you've formed a pact with,” she
continued. “The predisposition needed to form pacts with spirits is rare to begin with,
and powerful spirits are even rarer. It's difficult to say which is better."]

 

“And that spirit in front of you is one of the Four Greats,” Julius muttered.

 

Thank Od that Puck seemed genuinely fond of Subaru. He didn’t want to know what would
happen to that boy if that wasn’t the case.

 

[“Mm-hmm...but it must feel pretty good to get a pact with a strong spirit, right? You
must really be hot stuff, Emilia-tan. Seems like Puck is hot stuff himself, though…”]

 

["Well, I can't really deny that I'm above average."]

 

["Man, you just said that with a straight face; no hesitation at all rating yourself like
that?"]

 

“He’s objectively correct,” Wilhelm pointed out.

 

“If anything he’s being far too modest,” Tivey muttered. “‘Above average’ is a gross
understatement, here…”

 

[Yeesh. I thought my self-consciousness outclassed most, but Puck's bluntness is a level
higher…!]

 

“I’d rather a painfully blunt spirit than a coy and tricky one,” Garfiel declared. “That’s why
Beatrice is the best!”

 



Beatrice sputtered. “—Sh-Should Betty take that as an insult or a compliment, I wonder?!”

 

[Age difference, no doubt, Subaru decided. Though, judging from that merry, blushy
smile, maybe Puck isn’t as used to flattery as he pretends to be...]

 

“Not many people had the chance to flatter the Beast of the End, after all,” Rom pointed out
with a chuckle.

 

“Even fewer would take that chance,” Rachins added.

 

“And even fewer would mean every word of it,“ Felt declared. “As opposed to saying it
merely to earn his favor.”

 

For a spirit who could read emotions, that final detail would be critical, after all.

 

["Oh, by the way, what kind of spirit is Puck, anyway? He made ice come out at the loot
seller's place, but...if my memory's right, there's no ice affinity to begin with."]

 

["My specialty is ice, but it's actually fire mana,” Emilia answered. “Fire relates mainly
to temperature, so cooling that which is hot is classified as part of fire, apparently."]

 

["Huh, is that so? Magical logic...? Magic...? Magic, huh?"]

 

It was all so simple, most children learned this sort of thing around the time that they learned
to walk and talk. To see a grown boy like Subaru so deeply fascinated with such a thing felt
rather — unusual, even though Ricardo knew that the reason why all of this felt so new and
exciting to him was because it genuinely was.

 

He was very glad that Subaru had been surrounded by people who hadn’t judged him much
for it. Not for his obliviousness, not for his lack of knowledge, and not for his childlike joy
and curiosity about the world just beyond his fingertips. It would have been — more than just



a shame, if someone were to stomp over all of those little buds and cruelly crush them
beneath their heel.

 

(—There had been a moment where Ricardo had feared that the twins had done exactly that.
Even though the actual final outcome had made him uneasy, he was very relieved to see that
THAT, at least, had not been the case.)

 

["Hmm.” Puck’s ear twitched. “By any chance, do you want to use magic?"]

 

Wilhelm chuckled. He already knew what the answer was — as did everyone else.

 

(Emilia smiled wistfully. She wished that Subaru hadn’t had to give it up, really.)

 

["Can I?!” Subaru exclaimed with excitement. “I mean…if I can! Super-powerful stuff,
like calling down a meteor shower and—"]

 

["Ah, well, no. Fundamentals are important, both for magic and spirit arts. Magic is not
something you can learn in a day."]

 

Julius put a hand to his mouth to muffle his laughter. Subaru stared at him with a guarded,
wary, warning expression. If you dare call me cute again…!

 

[Urk! Subaru wilted. Smacking my hopes down like that….]

 

Julius didn’t say it this time, but everyone could tell that he was thinking it. Subaru threw his
hands up in despair.

 

[“But...if you simply want to experience it, we can do that."]

 



Only really half-hearing the conversation, Ferris flinched.

 

Subaru… he thought. Subaru is going to…?

 

["Meaning…what?"]

 

["Meaning, if you want to use magic, Lia and I just have to support you,” Puck
declared.]

 

That was a nice sentiment, but even then, shivers traveled down Ferris’ spine at the very
thought. With a gate like Subaru’s, it wouldn’t take much for it to—

 

[“We’ll use the mana returned you to use magic through you. The magic we use from
the atmosphere is different from the mana inside you, so the magic itself will come out
of your gate. How about it?"]

 

But what did it matter? All of this had already happened. There was nothing anyone could do
about it anymore.

 

["Puck, wait,” Emilia objected. “Don't make it sound so casual. It might be
dangerous."]

 

Ferris already knew that Subaru was going to damage his gate. Ferris already knew that he
would be called in to try and fix it. Ferris already knew that, less than two weeks after that,
Subaru will have destroyed it for good.

 

There was no point in hoping for anything else. There was no point in rooting for anything
else. There was no point in trying to do something else, because everything had already been
set in stone.

 

“Ferris,” Crusch whispered. She was shaking him slightly. “Ferris, please…”



 

“Nyone of it matters,” Ferris whimpered. “Nyone of it — nyothing matters at…!”

 

["Sorry, Emilia-tan. I'm super happy you're worried about me...” Subaru beamed wide,
and gave her a thumbs-up, trying to drive away all her unease and anxiety. “But I'm
gonna do it!"]

 

There was nothing Ferris could do, now, except for nothing at all.

 

["Wh—” Emilia looked bewildered, and slightly overwhelmed. “Why do you want to do
it so much...?"]

 

["That's obvious.” Subaru clenched his fist, and shouted to the sky: “So that I can live
as the man I was born to be!"]

 

Ferris may have been quietly devolving in Crusch’s arms, but on the other side of the room,
Felt was positively cackling. “Talk about enthusiasm!” she exclaimed. “I don’t think I’ve
ever seen anyone this excited about anything before!”

 

“Is magic really that amazing to you…?” Rachins murmured.

 

Anastasia winced, placing her hand over her own gate. She had never mentioned it to the
others, but…

 

She supposed she could understand it, the excitement Subaru felt at the idea that he may be
capable of using magic.

 

—Julius winced. “And then you broke your…”

 

Subaru folded his arms and turned away, pouting.



 

That — sucked. Julius thought that particular detail stung on a level that nothing else had,
really. Subaru loved magic so much more than anyone Julius had ever met, carrying the
wonder of a small child, and yet he, of all people…!

 

“Lighten up, Jules.” It was Anastasia who interrupted his thoughts. “Ya look miserable.”

 

“Lady Anastasia…”

 

“It’s not as bad as yer thinking,” she grinned. “He has that contracted spirit of his,
remember?”

 

(Eridna shifted, ever so slightly.)

 

—That was right. Subaru could still use magic. Julius felt himself relaxing all over. He
couldn’t use it on his own, perhaps, but he could still USE it. And with him becoming a spirit
knight like Julius, that really just meant that he needed the help of the spirit he clearly held
dear to his heart — and was that really a downside for someone like Subaru at all?

 

[To anyone born a man, ceasing to pursue your dreams is the same as death itself! Since
arriving in this world, I have never displayed as much courage as I am displaying here and
now!]

 

Frederica smiled awkwardly. Was that right...?

 

Anastasia smiled proudly. That was correct. The pursuit of dreams and ambition was a
necessary part of being human. It was nice to see that Subaru understood this, at least
partially: with how small-scale his dreams and ambitions kept turning out to be, that concern
had still been very much present in the back of her mind.

 

Julius suddenly straightened up. That’s right, he realized. Subaru is a spirit knight like me.



 

If Subaru loved magic so much, then — could Julius help to teach him new and interesting
spells?

 

“Oh no,” Ricardo muttered, grinning at Julius’ sudden intensity. Next to him, Mimi was
loughing. “Got a feeling Subaru is in for it, later…”

 

“Better than him being anxious,” Tivey sighed.

 

[Besides, being able to use magic gives me one more option, Subaru noted. Perhaps it’ll
increase my chances of protecting Emilia and the others during this current loop.]

 

“Hm.” Wilhelm straightened up, his amusement fading. “That— is indeed a perspective to
consider,” he admitted, somewhat uncomfortably.

 

Subaru’s joy at the idea of using magic was so innocent: it pained him a little bit, to think of
him staining that joy with the bloodshed that he was so unsuited for. —But then again, suited
for it or not, Subaru was a knight. And a knight was a soldier who fought for his Lady and his
kingdom, and who would need to make use of everything at his disposal in order to fulfill his
duty.

 

(And even if that weren’t the case — Wilhelm would much prefer it if Subaru had as many
tricks up his sleeve to keep himself alive as he could possibly fit.)

 

—Emilia’s smile faltered. Even in the midst of such a peaceful and innocent memory of hers,
Subaru had secretly been thinking about…

 

She wished he had been able to tell her. She knew why he didn’t, but — oh, how she wished
he had been able to be open with her from the very start.

 



[Emilia relented with a sigh. “If you think it's getting dangerous, you will stop right
away, understand?"]

 

Of course he wouldn’t, Emilia understood now. He never, ever did.

 

["So what should I do first?” Subaru asked Puck eagerly. “Draw a magic circle? If you
need a sacrifice, can I volunteer Beako?"]

 

Beatrice squawked as the rest of the audience started laughing. “Ungrateful Contractor!”

 

["I'm happy you seem to be getting along better with Betty,” Puck replied. “Yes, first,
how about I see what affinity you are, Subaru? That's the first step to knowing what
kind of magic you can use."]

 

[Subaru suddenly wilted.]

 

Julius blinked at the reaction, a questioning look on his face. “—Hm?”

 

["My…affinity…is probably…'fire'?"]

 

["Why the sudden pauses?” Emilia wondered.]

 

“Yin magic is a perfectly respectable affinity,” Julius said, frowning at Subaru. “It’s true that
it’s not normally used for offensive maneuvers, and is more used to stun or disable opponents
on the battlefield, but regardless—”

 

“You are really not helping, Julius!”

 

["All right, let's check. Myon myon myon myon..."]



 

["I know the weirdo nobleman did the same thing, but isn't that, like, overkill?!"]

 

“…Huh,” Anastasia said.

 

“Maybe it’s a powerful magic-user thing?” Tivey frowned.

 

“Or a weirdo thing,” Mimi added.

 

Tivey winced, hard. “Onee-chan, please don’t refer to the Beast of the End as a weirdo.”

 

["Wait, I should think positively about this. Thinking back on it, Roswaal's behavior
was unnatural, wasn't it? Right, he was jealous of the hidden magical talent within me.
Yeah, it was jealousy. That's why he tried to convince me to just give up—”]

 

["Wow, this is rare. Your affinity's pure Yin."]

 

["Farewell, my magic-using life—!"]

 

Crusch started laughing. “Bit of an overreaction, hm?” she teased.

 

“Oh, hush!” Subaru stuck out his tongue at her.

 

“Don’t stick out your tongue at a Lady,” Wilhelm scolded, folding his arms as his lips
twitched with amusement. “This is your own fault for being so dramatic.”

 

Subaru stared at him in outrage before moving to retort.



 

—As the three of them bantered, Ferris shifted.

 

Whenever Subaru overreacted like this, he always resembled…

 

Against his better judgement, he glanced at the look Crusch’s face. She looked fond, and so
amused, just like she had back…

 

But not a hint of recognition glimmered within those eyes.

 

—It wasn’t like Ferris had expected anything different. But with all his nerves already
scrubbed raw, he had to put every bit of his strength into holding back his tears as he curled
back into a ball.

 

[“So all I need to do is practice saying ‘I’ve turned their defenses to paper! Go, NOW!’
Ha, ha, ha…” Despite his best efforts at joking around, Subaru looked utterly
miserable.]

 

“What a naïve and unimaginative way to view Yin magic,” Beatrice scolded. “It can indeed
be used offensively, in fact — and to great effect.”

 

“I know that NOW!” Subaru pointed out, crossing his arms over his chest. “After all, nobody
in the world is better at that than my Beako!”

 

“That is correct, in fact! Hmph!”

 

["Ah, you have no talent at all, either. Your gate's small; at least the number is kind of
alright…? But there's barely any opening, so not much is coming through."]

 



["Shut up, I know that already! Incidentally, what does that talent thing mean, by the
numbers?"]

 

["If you spent twenty years in daily training, you might become a high-end second-rate
magic user."]

 

["So I'd devote half my life and still come up short of top tier…” Subaru held back
tears. “I think I'd better give up now..."]

 

[Emilia gave him an exasperated look.]

 

Felt snickered. “Poor Big Bro,” she sympathized with a grin. “Can only be one of the second-
greatest magic users in the kingdom, can he? Oh, whatever will he do…?”

 

“First place or bust, isn’t it?” Rom laughed.  “Ah, to be a little boy again…”

 

“Oh hush, both of you!”

 

—Anastasia frowned. “Give up?” she echoed. “After ya showed so much interest in and
delight at the idea of…?”

 

What kind of an attitude was that?

 

[But it can’t be helped, Subaru bemoaned. Yes, effort and trying your best are words
prominently featured in my lexicon, but whether to give up on a man’s impossible dream or
not is a different subject…!]

 

Anastasia frowned. “That’s no way to think!” she scolded hotly. “If something is important to
ya, then ya need to reach out and grab it with both hands and never let go of it, no matter
HOW impossible it might seem!”



 

“Wha—?” Subaru startled, clumsily turning to meet Anastasia’s eyes — only to shrink away
from the unexpectedly angry glare.

 

“I-I mean,” he said hastily. “Sure, sure — but like, if it’s ACTUALLY impossible, then
wouldn’t it just be a waste of effort? If you know from the start that it would just be a waste,
then there’s really no point in giving it a try—”

 

“It’s not a matter of trying or not trying, but of doing or not doing,” Anastasia declared. “If it
really means that much to ya, then you’ll find a way to make it yer own. Anything less than
yer best efforts means it simply didn’t mean all that much after all, ya hear me?”

 

Subaru stared at her, eyes wide. He didn’t know if he agreed with that or not, but he sure
knew that she herself had believed every word — and strongly enough to give him a lashing
for going against it.

 

—Emilia giggled. “I’m glad that you care about Subaru so much, Lady Anastasia,” she said,
smiling. Anastasia blinked, visibly caught off-guard. “It makes me happy to know that other
people care about him so much.”

 

“E…” Subaru had turned red. “Emilia-tan…?”

 

“…Yeah, yeah.” Anastasia turned away, cheeks somewhat pink as she raised a white flag.
“Just — keep what I said in mind, would ya?”

 

["I just want to try the magic demonstration,” Subaru sighed. “What do I have to do?"]

 

["Since it's Yin affinity, Lia can't handle it. How about something simple, like
Shamak?"]

 



“Ah,” Julius recognized. Subaru had used that spell against him in the ring, back when they
had first…

 

He had brushed it off rather easily. …Looking at the scene before him, he somewhat wished
that he had let Subaru bask in that accomplishment at least a little bit.

 

["Ah, a magic smoke screen?” Emilia replied. “I've never seen it myself.”]

 

[Something so trivial that she’s never encountered it professionally… This is so
disappointing, really!]

 

“I didn’t say that it was trivial!” Emilia objected. “I meant that it was very rare! I don’t think
I’d ever met someone with an affinity for Yin magic before, so…”

 

["It's not fair you're in a world all by yourselves,” Subaru pouted. “I mean, we’re
talking about MY magic, right? I mean, can I actually use that Shamak thing? That’s
kind of important here.”]

 

["Good point,” Puck agreed. “Unknown magic is a scary thing. —All right, this is
Shamak."]

 

["—Eh?"]

 

“That fast?!” Wilhelm exclaimed.

 

[The next moment, Subaru's vision was shrouded in darkness.]

 

Rem’s eyes widened in horror. “Eh—?!”

 



What had happened?

 

[Subaru tried to raise his voice, but he didn’t hear anything. He tried to stumble
around, but he saw nothing.]

 

Why was it suddenly so dark? Why couldn’t they see anything? Why couldn’t they hear
anything? Rem started to stand up, raising her voice in a panic. “Suba—!”

 

“Rem.”

 

Rem stopped. Ram had grabbed her sleeve.

 

“It’s a very minor spell,” Ram said quietly. “Give it just a small moment.”

 

[Everything was gone. Everyone was gone. In this world, only Subaru—]

 

Rem swallowed. Ram was right, wasn’t she? Rem could trust that her big sister was— that
her big sister—

 

[Then a clap of hands sounded through the world, returning it all to normal. "There, all
done."]

 

[The sight of Emilia made Subaru nearly collapse with relief.]

 

Rem did exactly that herself, collapsing backwards into her chair at the sight of Subaru safe
and sound.

 

“…Yeesh,” Felt said, wincing.



 

“He couldn’t have chosen something — a little more pleasant?” Julius asked tentatively. It
wasn’t that he wanted Subaru taking magic lightly, but…

 

He hoped that this introduction hadn’t destroyed that childlike joy that he had seen, at the
very idea that he might be able to cast a spell.

 

“He could have at least given him a warning,” Wilhelm growled. “Thrusting him in headfirst
like that, when he didn’t even know what magic was not too long ago…!”

 

(Wilhelm had done much the same with Heinkel, when Heinkel was a boy. At the moment,
Wilhelm was not in any position to recognize the irony of this reality.)

 

["That was just a moment, but he broke out in such a sweat…” Emilia looked
concerned. “Subaru, are you all right? Do you want me to hold your hand?"]

 

Nobody laughed.

 

["I-I'm all right. I just lost my senses for a moment…” Subaru touched his eyelids to
make sure nothing had changed. “Ah, I lost my chance to hold your hand."]

 

Emilia grimaced. She should have reached out and taken his hand, shouldn’t she…?

 

["So that's a Shamak, huh? It's simple, but it's pretty strong stuff, isn't it?"]

 

“It’s not,” Julius said sternly. “It’s really, really not. Do not rely on that against opponents,
Subaru, it is not even the slightest bit reliable as a—!”

 

“Aren’t you a little late for that? —And hey, doesn’t this go against what you were telling me
earlier?!”



 

["Not at all,” Puck was agreeing. “Anyone but a lower-grade opponent can brush it off
with skill, and it can't be maintained for long.” He grinned. “Although I could cast it on
the likes of you so that you'd spend your entire life in darkness..."]

 

Otto’s face drained of color.

 

His whole life had been noisy, right from the moment he had opened his eyes. The voices of
bugs, of animals, of humans, all blending together until they threatened to drive him mad. To
anyone, such a fate would be a horror beyond horrors — but to Otto, the idea of being
plunged into a permanent dead silence was a step away from unimaginable.

 

“Great Od,” Ricardo muttered.

 

A life unable to access the five senses — condemned to exist solely in a dark, silent,
unfeeling void — that would drive even the most hardened of soldiers mad. Rom swallowed,
and even Wilhelm couldn’t help but shiver at the thought.

 

["That's a scary thought!” Subaru’s tone was lighthearted, but his smile was strained
and his fists were trembling behind him. “I'd go crazy if I had to live one day like that,
let alone the rest of my life!"]

 

“I don’t think most people would last even an hour,” Crusch muttered.

 

“Even a couple of minutes might be too much,” Rachins grimaced. “In a state like that, time
itself would lose all meaning, wouldn’t it?”

 

Something like that... Frederica couldn't even comprehend it. That lack of understanding
scared her most of all.

 



—That was how it had been in the Forbidden Library, Beatrice remembered. It hadn’t
bothered her too much, really, but it would likely be different for a human.

 

(It hadn’t bothered her at first — but then one year became two, and two years became three
decades, and by the time that four hundred years had gone by Beatrice had indeed felt like
she had long gone mad.)

 

“Can’t be that bad,” Garfiel huffed. “It’s just darkness and quiet. My amazing self ain’t that
much of a wimp.”

 

“I think you’re severely underestimating how maddening that would be,” Otto muttered. But
he didn’t press: he just hoped none of them would ever need to find out the hard way just
how bad that fate truly was.

 

[I don’t want her to know how the feeling of being momentarily cut off from the world
filled my entire body with terror, he thought. The instant I thought I was alone in the
world, with no one on my side… I'm so pathetic.]

 

“Alone in the world?” Rom echoed.

 

Condemned to a fate like that — he believed that loneliness would be the least of Subaru’s
problems, really.

 

“Alone in the world,” Anastasia echoed. That was Subaru’s idea of a true nightmare, wasn’t
it?

 

Subaru truly felt that he could handle anything, just so long as the people around him didn’t
leave him alone. That was…

 

To be entirely honest, Anastasia found that level of dependency extremely concerning.

 



“I get it,” Ricardo murmured. Anastasia turned to face him. “Hasn’t yer life improved since
ya made friends, Ana-bo?”

 

It was true. But at the same time…

 

“I am still capable of being left alone,” she replied quietly. “I will never consent to leaving
any of you behind, but I don’t live in constant fear of having nobody by my side.”

 

Tivey frowned. Perhaps that was the usual way to think, but—

 

The idea of losing either of his siblings made his whole body go cold. He couldn’t even
imagine it.

 

“—Pathetic?” Emilia echoed, eyes round. “S-Subaru, that’s not…”

 

["Anyway, whether it's any use or not, I can use that magic, too, right? I wanna try that
right away! I want to, but, um!"]

 

["That's fine. I'll assist you. Lia, if his mana runs wild, it might blow up, so please move
back. I don't want to get your clothes dirty.”]

 

["It's not like that's gonna happen, right?! That's, like, a super-rare case that basically
never happens, right?!"]

 

“It’s not common,” Julius said quickly. “For magic to go so wrong that it physically damaged
the user is very rare. —Though, you could simulate something similar if it all rushed out at
once, but that would be a much less damaging… Why are you looking at me like that,
Subaru? Subaru?”

 

“Oh no,” Ricardo realized. He quickly turned away before Julius could see him beginning to
laugh.



 

[“Don't be reckless, alright?" Emilia replied, walking to the edge of the garden corner.]

 

[Subaru gaped after her, unease spreading across his face.]

 

“Should’ve listened to that unease, I suppose,” Beatrice muttered, bracing herself.

 

“Probably,” Subaru admitted.

 

["What a prickly and uncomfortable head to sit on."]

 

["Hey, it's not like I thought someone was going to sit on it someday! No one warned me
to bring a cushion, but just, uh, help yourself, okay?”]

 

[“Nah, I’ll be done and back to Lia's lovely hair in no time,” Puck dismissed. “So, ready
to begin?"]

 

[Subaru hesitated for just a moment, but soon he smiled and nodded. Puck answered
with a nod of his own — and then he began.]

 

It was nice, that Subaru had managed to form such a positive relationship with one of the
Four Greats. It would have set Julius more at ease if Puck were the type to intervene on
Subaru’s behalf, but — this easy acquaintanceship was alright, too.

 

["Subaru,“ Puck was saying, manipulating Subaru’s mana from his hair. It’s warm,
flooding my veins right alongside my blood… “Try to picture it in your mind. Move the
mana inside your body, flowing through me, by your own will. Push a portion of it out
of your body through your gate. Picture it as a black cloud."]

 

“Black cloud…” Emilia swallowed.



 

But of course, there’s no way Puck could have known.

 

["Picture, picture. Trust me, daydreaming is totally my thing…”]

 

At least Subaru didn’t seem to have made the connection. Emilia sighed in relief.

 

—Not that she was entirely relieved.

 

["Huh, this isn't good,” Puck suddenly murmured. “All of a sudden, the gate—”]

 

“Huh?” Reinhard blinked.

 

“—Oh no,” Julius muttered.

 

Ferris hissed, bracing himself.

 

["Are you two—?!" Emilia cried out.]

 

After all, Emilia remembered what came next.

 

[And then Subaru exploded into a black cloud of smoke, engulfing the entire corner of
the garden.]

 

Rem shrieked, startling forward with a panicked look on her face. “Is he—?!”

 



“It’s not as bad as it looks,” Ram said quickly. “He lost control of his gate, and let all his
mana escape at once as he tried to use a spell for the first time. He’ll be exhausted, but he’ll
be fine.”

 

And he wouldn’t even be THAT exhausted, from what she remembered…

 

Felt huffed a laugh at the look on Rem’s face. —It was good to see that she actually cared
about him, now.

 

(“Mana of water—”)

 

(Now that the initial shock was wearing away, Felt was beginning to reconsider how much
that actually mattered.)

 

“That moron,” Rachins gasped. “He did that— Right when he’s in the middle of—!”

 

He’d be exhausted. He’d be too tired to do anything. What had he been THINKING—?!

 

Rom had gone oddly pale, but — as the smoke cleared, as the scene wore on, and as nothing
else appeared to be happening, he slowly calmed back down.

 

“It’s nothing,” he assured Felt. “Was worried for a sec, but— It’s nothing.”

 

“…Hmph.”

 

Across the room, Garfiel was howling with laughter. “First time using magic!” he declared.
“First time — and you blew yourself up!”

 



“With a Great Spirit assisting you through the process, no less,” Otto added. “It really is
impressive.”

 

"How did you even manage that?!" Frederica demanded.

 

“It wasn’t even a very complicated spell, I suppose,” Beatrice sighed. “This is why Subaru
needs Betty, in fact…”

 

“Yeah, yeah,” Subaru groaned, staring at the meteor with a wince on his face. “This is why I
need my Beako. —Hey! Why are YOU laughing?!”

 

Nearby, Wilhelm had devolved into loud laughter at the sight of Subaru’s mishap in the
garden. “F-Forgive me,” he wheezed, trying to get ahold of himself. “Forgive me, S-Subaru-
dono—”

 

“Cut it out! No way you never screwed up when you were young and stupid!” Then Subaru
remembered who he was talking to. “—Wait, you probably didn’t, right?! Damn it!”

 

Subaru could not have been more wrong, because young Wilhelm had screwed up in manners
far more disastrous than this. Those memories only made him laugh even harder.

 

Reinhard listened to the banter with a soft look on his face. Emilia watched him listen, and
couldn’t help but smile. —It was reassuring, that Subaru really did have people who cared for
him.

 

Julius took a deep breath. Exhaled. Deep breath, exhaled. His hand was over his chest.
Anastasia patted him on the back, holding back a laugh as she attempted to be sympathetic:
the poor boy had been completely caught off guard.

 

Ricardo stared, trying desperately not to laugh at his Lady’s knight. “He really is gonna give
ya a heart attack at some point,” he marveled.



 

Mimi was watching the meteor, frowning.

 

“Onee-chan?” Hetaro prodded. Tivey tilted his head.

 

She didn’t say anything for a long moment. Her brothers waited patiently.

 

“…Mimi thinks it’s a good thing that Subaru found Beatrice,” she finally said. “Subaru needs
all sorts of help, doesn’t he?”

 

Tivey winced. “Maybe don’t say that in front of him, Onee-chan,” he whispered.

 

A man’s pride would take a heavy beating, given a comment like that! Even if the sentiment
behind it was kind and genuine.

 

“—Ferris?” Crusch whispered.

 

Ferris had braced himself, but — all he could think about was Subaru’s gate snapping open,
in a moment that had been perfectly avoidable.

 

He had done nothing. He could do nothing. Subaru would proceed to hurt himself however
he liked, and there was nothing Ferris could do to stop him.

 

["If I must make a conclusion,” Puck was saying. “Your control of your gate is too
weak, so you shouldn't push it, Subaru."]

 

["You see me like this and that's the first thing you say, damn it?!"]

 



“What else is he supposed to say?” Otto retorted.

 

["Tee-hee-hee." Puck slapped his head and stuck out his tongue.]

 

["That's not cute, you know!"]

 

“Gotta be quite the situation, for YOU to say the Beast of the End ain’t cute!” Ricardo
laughed.

 

“Oh be quiet, would you?!”

 

[Subaru was lying flat in the grass, breathing heavily. So tired…everything aches, and I
feel so feverish…]

 

“Mana depletion,” Julius recognized, wincing. “That’s…”

 

Ricardo’s smile slowly fell. “What terrible timing,” he muttered.

 

[Isn’t this just like when Beatrice drained my…]

 

Beatrice winced.

 

["For better or worse,” Emilia interrupted, “Subaru simply isn't used to using his gate.
That's why it ignored the user's will and everything inside flew right out."]

 

["So I didn't close the lid right... What am I, soy sauce...?"]

 



“Soy sauce,” Anastasia repeated.

 

“It’s a kind of condiment,” Subaru said. “Salty, and…a little savory, maybe?”

 

“Hm.”

 

[Can’t I at least manage to get up…?]

 

[The answer was a firm “No,” it seemed.]

 

Rachins hissed. This was some awful, awful timing indeed.

 

Felt winced. “Oof…”

 

“You absolute idiot,” Rachins voiced aloud once more, sounding strained. “Of all the times to
experiment with your gate…!”

 

["You mustn't move,” Emilia scolded, kneeling down beside him. “You're all out of
internal mana, so behave yourself. Maybe you should take today off work, too."]

 

["—That's really bad!"]

 

[Emilia blinked, looking a little startled.]

 

“Oh, that isn’t good,” Crusch frowned. “There’s still so much to…”

 

—Ram frowned. “He went to the village that day,” she recalled. “He didn’t miss work.”



 

Crusch paused. “…Isn’t that a day early?”

 

“He asked to go a day early,” she said. A small, wry smile pulled at her lips. “He practically
begged me to—”

 

And then she stopped talking.

 

The image of Subaru going to beg her to go visit the village and play with the children like an
eager puppy — lost a lot of its charm, when Ram understood just what kind of person he had
understood himself to be begging from.

 

The small smile fell from her face once again. Every memory she had of that boy had been
tainted now, hadn’t it?

 

["Now hold on, I told you not to push it!"]

 

["Now's when I have to push it. If I don't, I'm going to really seriously regret it
later…"]

 

[It’s by no means unusual for me to reap what I’ve sowed, but the timing is simply too
awful…!]

 

“It really is horrible timing,” Julius winced. “But at the same time, getting drained of all your
mana like that isn’t something to take lightly.”

 

In fact, pushing himself too hard while in this sort of condition could easily result in his death
regardless of the looming threat.

 



["Goodness,“ Emilia sighed, slumping her shoulders before moving to fiddle with
something. “You really can't be helped…"]

 

Rom raised an eyebrow. “Hm?”

 

["—? Emilia-tan, what's —MMNFF?!"]

 

[Emilia had shoved something in his mouth before covering it with her hand.]

 

Rom’s eyes widened. That — wasn’t what he thought it was, was it?

 

["Bite down." Emilia ordered. "Bite down and swallow. —Yes, there you go."]

 

[Kind of bittersweet…some sort of fruit?]

 

Ferris suddenly blinked, drawn out of his stupor fully for the first time since he had
collapsed. “Wha— Wait—”

 

[And then it hit him, and he shouted loudly in surprise.]

 

“Nyew gave him a BOKKA FRUIT?!” he cried aloud, voice shrill. Most everyone jumped at
the sudden, harsh noise. “Of all the things nyew could have— nyew—!”

 

[My blood is boiling. The air in my lungs is too hot to handle. My knees are shaking. What
just—?!]

 

Listening to Ferris devolve into an enraged panic, Julius felt himself go pale as he realized
what exactly Lady Emilia had just given Subaru.



 

“Bokka fruit— for someone with a gate like THAT?” he gasped. “And— Oh no, if he were to
get addicted to something like—!”

 

Something like that could prove lethal very, very quickly.

 

“—Oh, no,” Ricardo muttered.

 

Frederica cringed. Lady Emilia had meant well. She knew that. But — of all the habits
Subaru could pick up, a possible drug addiction would be disastrous.

 

[Ah. I’m standing up.]

 

Felt was not unaware of bokka fruit — or of how sleazebags often used their invigorating
properties as incentives with which to control addicts in the slums. She grimaced. “Big
Sis…”

 

“She probably didn’t even consider it,” Rachins muttered, wincing. “Lady Emilia didn’t grow
up with that as a…”

 

Ram hissed softly.

 

Rem — had never seen a bokka fruit before, but she felt like she got enough of a sense from
everyone else to basically understand what was going on.

 

“—yell at Emilia like that!” Subaru was shouting across the room. “She was just trying to
—!”

 

“I don’t care WHAT she was trying to do!” Ferris all but screamed. “She DOPED nyew! She
taught nyew to DOPE nyerself! Is this how nyew destroyed nyer gate?! Did nyew keep using



bokka fruits to draw in manya, vomit it out, draw it in, vomit it out, again and again and
again and—?!”

 

Emilia, who had never considered that possibility, had gone pale with horror. Slowly, she
turned to Subaru.

 

“I taught you to…?”

 

“No!” Subaru said immediately. Then he paused. “Well, there was that one time, but—
Emilia, Emilia it’s not like that—!”

 

Ferris howled, looking ready to throw himself at the both of them — only for Wilhelm to
grab him by the shoulder.

 

Wilhelm looked very uncomfortable. “I have to agree with my Lady’s knight,” he admitted,
wincing. “Teaching someone who has never used magic to dope themselves like this, when
you know that their gate is so fragile…”

 

“And when ya already know he’s got a tendency to push himself too far,” Ricardo added
disapprovingly. “I can’t see something like this ending well…”

 

“She was only trying to help!” Subaru cried. “Emilia-tan, you were only trying to—!”

 

“I already knyow how it ends,” Ferris spat, ignoring Subaru entirely. “It ended with Subaru-
kyun on our doorstep with a broken—!”

 

“Ferris,” Crusch said, placing a hand on his shoulder. Ferris stopped. “You’re working
yourself up too much.”

 

Ferris trembled.



 

“…I know you’re worried about him,” she said, more gently this time. “But getting angry
like this won’t help.”

 

[Still a bit sluggish, Subaru noted. But that crippling lethargy is…]

 

That was right. Nothing would help him, now. Subaru’s gate had broken for good a full year
ago. There was nothing that Ferris could do.

 

Ferris sat down, and he did nothing. That was what he did best, after all.

 

[“Wh…? What was that…?”]

 

[“It’s called a bokka fruit,” Emilia explained. “When you eat it, it gives the mana inside
your body a kick so that your gate powers up again, just enough to feel a bit better.”]

 

Anastasia kept her mouth shut, but she couldn’t help feeling that Ferris’ only miscalculation
had been the time and place. Because, really, he had been completely right.

 

“…Mimi wouldn’t have let Tivey or Hetaro eat that,” Mimi muttered. “Not in conditions
like…”

 

“We wouldn’t let Onee-chan do that, either,” Hetaro said stonily.

 

“Doping yourself for the sake of doing more chores is a dumb thing to do,” Tivey agreed.

 

[Some kind of MP recovery item, then…?]

 



Julius had no idea what that term meant. He hoped it carried with it some understanding of
the severity that would come with overuse, in any case.

 

["Wow, I'm relieved,” Subaru exhaled, doing a full-body check to make sure he felt
alright. “I'd never forgive myself if I got another BAD END on account of that. Thanks,
Emilia-tan."]

 

["I don't have many of them, and it's not good for the body, so I didn't really want to
use it…” Emilia frowned. “You weren't bluffing there, were you?"]

 

After all, Tivey recognized, Lady Emilia had been under the impression that Subaru was
simply going to go and complete his chores for the day within the Manor. Weighing risk and
reward in a situation like that…

 

["Not one bit,” Subaru declared, wiping the sweat from his brow. “I won't let you regret
this."]

 

Anastasia exhaled slowly through her teeth.

 

["But man, I was an idiot there…” Subaru muttered. “When this is all over I'm going to
kick myself even more than before."]

 

[I want to avoid dying from embarrassment if I can at all help it… Subaru thought. In
fact, I want my suicide by leaping off a cliff to be the last death I ever experience. —I never
want to do that again.]

 

Anastasia relaxed, just slightly.

 

Ferris curled in on himself. For some reason, he didn’t feel any better.

 

(It had already happened once, after all, and wasn’t that bad enough?)



 

[Of course, the best result would be some crazy event that ends with Emilia embracing me,
but—]

 

A few titters broke out within the audience.

 

“Best result, eh?” Ricardo grinned. “I’ll betcha ya can think of an even better one if ya put
yer mind to— Ow!”

 

Anastasia had smacked his shoulder. “Ricardo!”

 

[“Man,” Subaru sighed. “I’m such a kid I can’t even think about it, huh?”]

 

“Eh?” Emilia frowned. “Subaru, do you know what… Eh?”

 

Subaru was refusing to look Emilia in the eye, his face a bright shade of scarlet.

 

[I’m always so glib, but I will never again casually speak the word death, he thought.
Surely I can only laugh at my own cowardice…]

 

The bit of amusement that had broken out within the theater faltered into silence.

 

“That’s not…” Wilhelm trailed off, frowning.

 

“Subaru…” Julius worried the inside of his cheek.

 

“—There’s a difference between understanding the weight of death and living in fear of your
dying day,” Rom said, managing to word something much more succinct than either the



Sword Demon or the Finest of Knights could manage. “Treating the concept of death and
dying with a sense of severity is a wise thing to do, Subaru. It’s not the same thing as
cowardice, not by a wide margin.”

 

“R…” Subaru looked somewhat uncomfortable, averting his eyes. “Right…”

 

Frederica — didn't really understand any of this. She didn't know if she ever would.
But...cowardice in the face of death was a good thing, she was pretty sure.

 

[“Are you all right?” Emilia asked, looking rather somber as she watched Subaru’s
expression change. “Do you think you can go to work?"]

 

Emilia’s lip wobbled. She had known — even back then, she had KNOWN something was
wrong, and yet…!

 

Otto noticed. “There’s no way you could have guessed this, Lady Emilia,” he murmured.

 

Emilia hummed noncommittally. She attempted to smile gratefully at her friend, but wasn’t
sure if she quite managed anything convincing.

 

["I'll do work, and all the other stuff, too,” Subaru declared. “Having you on my side is
like riding an unsinkable battleship, so I'll give it all I've got."]

 

“Battleship…?” Anastasia murmured aloud.

 

“Yeah, you know. An armored seafaring vessel, used to travel and fight wars on the high
seas…!”

 

Subaru’s enthusiasm was met with a bunch of blank stares. He pouted in disappointment.

 



So, Subaru came from a seafaring nation. That was quite something, considering the lack of
large bodies of water in all four countries. Anastasia tried to picture what a seafaring nation
might look like and found that she couldn’t quite manage it.

 

["…Riding a…” Emilia frowned. “I'm not quite sure what you mean by that, but…"]

 

["Hey, Emilia-tan, how you put that kind of makes me excited. Can you say that
again?"]

 

Felt laughed. Ricardo howled. Wilhelm chuckled. Julius and the Pearlbaton triplets all sighed
in unison.

 

“Shut up,” Subaru muttered, even though nobody had actually said a word.

 

Reinhard tilted his head, confused.

 

["You have a lewd look in your eyes, so no."]

 

[Subaru laughed.]

 

“Good judgement, Lady Emilia,” Crusch praised, the corner of her mouth twitching with
amusement. Emilia pursed her lips.

 

["Well, I'd better go face my seniors and turn over a new leaf!"]

 

And just like that, the relaxed atmosphere of the theater stiffened once again.

 

Ram supposed she would never again feel that Subaru was truly safe around herself and her
sister. The fact that everybody else was in agreement with her about that — it was merely an



afterthought, to the agony that came with the fact that those were her true feelings.

 

["I suppose so. I don't think either has spoken one word about you since yesterday."]

 

[“—Ah."]

 

“O-Oh dear.” Ricardo forced a chuckle. “That sounds like an awkward situation, doesn’t it?”

 

“That boy sure does run into a lot of those, doesn’t he…?” Rom agreed.

 

Nobody else said a word.

 

["Nee-sama, Nee-sama. The lout known as Subaru-kun has come."]

 

["Rem, Rem. The wage thief named Barusu has appeared."]

 

["I'm very sorry about yesterday…” Subaru apologized earnestly, bowed low as he
prostrated himself before the unimpressed twins. “Please forgive me!"]

 

Mimi sneered at the meteor. It was your own fault, she wanted to snap at the twins. Both of
you did that to him — YOU should be the ones apologizing to HIM!

 

She didn’t say it out loud, if only because she knew that hearing it would make Subaru sad.
But her brothers both heard her, and so did Anastasia, and so did most others in the theater
regardless.

 

[I’ve done nothing but bow my head for half an entire day, Subaru reflected miserably.
The entire female population… "I'm back to a route with all the girls looking down on
me again…” he groaned. “I've got some deep karma here."]



 

["Nee-sama, Nee-sama. It seems Subaru-kun is quite the pervert."]

 

["Rem, Rem. Barusu is a masochist who likes being degraded."]

 

["That's going too far, especially for you, Nee-sama!"]

 

Ram swallowed. She couldn’t help but agree with him — but it hurt, because she knew that
their reasons for thinking that could not possibly be more different.

 

[Subaru used his arms as a fulcrum to go from his prostrate position into a handstand,
twisting his body around and using the momentum to rise to his feet.]

 

“Impressive,” Julius commented.

 

“Shut up,” Subaru muttered.

 

And that’s what he got for even trying.

 

["Anyway, I'm sorry about being pathetic yesterday and annoying the day before…”
Subaru stopped. “Well, a lot happened, but I've had a complete change in attitude, so
it's a new me going forward."]

 

“You shouldn’t have apologized to me for that,” Ram muttered. “You shouldn’t have…”

 

Felt watched Ram shake, a grim look on her face.

 



Rem placed her hand on her sister’s shoulder. She didn’t say anything. The two of them were
in silent agreement — about a lot of things, really.

 

Frederica watched them both from across the room. She didn't know how she was supposed
to feel about anything anymore.

 

["It was the lap pillow.”]

 

[“The lap pillow, yes.”]

 

["Don't tell me everyone knows?!” Subaru cried, burying his red face in his hands as
the twins met each other’s gaze. “That's so embarrassing!"]

 

They really are just trying to be friendly, Felt thought. That’s all this is, right now.

 

It was disgusting, how intentions that had been honest and genuine could be twisted so
horribly by context that nobody else could have even guessed was there.

 

Felt was certain that Subaru had been able to separate his past from his present, and see these
actions for the friendliness that they truly represented. She was certain that the present Rem
and Ram knew this, too. But she was also certain that this knowledge must be making the
two of them feel much, much worse.

 

["It is time to begin the morning chores, Nee-sama."]

 

["It is time to begin our morning duties, Rem."]

 

["No comment?! That puts me down even more!"]

 



At the time, Ram remembered feeling amused as she teased out all those different, energetic
reactions. She remembered feeling relieved, too, at the healthier liveliness that Subaru had
been exhibiting when compared to the day before.

 

She didn’t find this scene particularly amusing anymore. She wasn’t the only one: nobody in
the theater was laughing.

 

[“Time out, time out,” Subaru suddenly said. His voice dropped to something more
serious. “There’s a favor I want to ask about work this morning."]

 

[The twins both stopped.]

 

“Ah?” Ricardo hummed.

 

“I know what it is,” Ram muttered. She remembered this part.

 

["A favor?" Rem asked, tilting her head.]

 

["A hassle?" Ram asked, doing the same in sync with her sister.]

 

["Weird.” Subaru’s smile was somewhat pained. “I haven't heard Nee-sama's bluntness
for a while and it's getting me all fired up…"]

 

Ram shrank into herself. She remembered that part, too.

 

[Unlike the little sister, the older sister's unpleasant attitude is a lot easier to deal with,
Subaru thought. But I’m glad I can talk to them like this at all. —Talk about absurd, this
whole situation…]

 



Being grateful for something so absurdly simple — that really was the truest form of love,
wasn’t it? Appreciating small talks, little jokes, comfortable silence, that was the kind of
gratitude reserved for the people you loved more than anything else in the world.

 

Ram had been aware that Subaru held her to such esteem. And although she never would
have admitted it, she had been quite proud to feel his eyes looking up at her like that. But
now, every bit of that innocent, genuine love had been permanently tainted by the foulest of
poisons.

 

—No. It had always been tainted. It was just that Ram had only become aware of it now.

 

[“A lap pillow,” the twins chorused.] 

 

[“No!”] 

 

Nobody laughed.


 

["Actually, I'd like to go see the village,” Subaru declared. “Isn't there something you
need to buy there?"]

 

["Certainly,” Rem agreed slowly. “We are running a bit low on spices, so I was thinking
of heading to the village tomorrow…”]

 

["Let's change the schedule and do it today, then. Might as well get more before you're
running out, and you can't just borrow some from the neighbors out here, can you?"]

 

[After all, there aren’t any other mansions around here in the first place…]

 

“I’d thought he just wanted to explore a little,” Ram confessed quietly. Everyone turned an
ear her way. “He had gone to the village the day before, but he hadn’t been able to explore for
long, with how he had been darting from task to task. I thought he just wanted to…”



 

For its own sake. She had thought that, with his anxiety eased, he had wanted to go and
explore the village for his own sake, instead of racing about and about with the single-minded
focus of making her happy.

 

["It's fine, isn't it?"]

 

["Nee-sama?"]

 

Ram buried her head in her arms.

 

Subaru stared at her from across the room with soulful eyes. “Nee-sama…”

 

["We have to buy them either way, and there are no other pressing matters,” Ram said.
“It is the perfect opportunity to employ Barusu as a mule."]

 

(Even him trying to make her happy had only really been because he didn’t want her to—!)

 

["I was in bed with a gut wound just three days ago, so take it easy, okay?!"]

 

[I’d hoped that the merciless Ram would show me a bit of warmth, here…! Though, I do
appreciate the cover fire.]

 

“I could have at least been warmer to him,” she choked out. “I could have…at least…”

 

Rem stared at her, with a very similar look to that on Subaru’s face. “Nee-sama…”

 



[I’d thought so, Subaru observed. But this is vivid proof that these two aren’t entirely
united in their opinions. Rem’s coming to kill me had been her own judgement, after all…
Perhaps their thinking is even less on the same page than I’d assumed.]

 

—Perhaps this was all Rem’s fault.

 

Ram had only really been dragged into this because Rem had jumped to conclusions, right?
Rem was the one who had— If Rem could convince her sister to think of it like that, then
could that make her feel better?

 

The idea of her older sister seeing her in such an awful light made her heart heavy, but —
anything would be better than seeing her this miserable, right?

 

“Nee-sama—” Rem began.

 

["…If Nee-sama…says so, then…” Rem finally agreed, though she sounded very
uncertain.]

 

“Don’t,” Ram said immediately. As an older sister, she knew what Rem was going to say
already. She raised her head, shakily reaching out to gently take her little sister’s hand in hers.
“Ram’s actions are Ram’s,” she said firmly. “They are not Rem’s. …Your Nee-sama is not a
failure of an older sister who would push her own sins onto you, Rem.”

 

Rem swallowed. “…Oh-kay, Nee-sama,” she finally relented.

 

What else was there for her to say?

 

[Subaru pumped his fist.]

 

["However, either way, going to the village must wait until after lunch,” Rem said. “Let
us do it after Two Solartime...after we have finished all other outstanding work."]



 

["It will be all right. Barusu has pledged to work until his body is ground to a pulp,
yes?"]

 

Ram flinched violently, jerking in such a way that her hand was abruptly pulled back to her
chest. Rem looked a little bit like she had just been slapped, eyes wide and round with hurt.

 

—Felt watched this entire interaction with a very grim look on her face. Behind her, Rom just
looked sad.

 

["Yep. Just watch what I can do now that I've been reborn. I'll work like a hot knife
through you-know-what!”]

 

["Butter,” the twins corrected.]

 

["Right. That." Subaru scratched his cheek.]

 

In the theater, Ricardo chuckled. He was the only one. The noise echoed uncomfortably in the
silence, and he stopped rather fast.

 

[With that, Rem left to get started on the chores of the day, while Ram stayed behind
with Subaru — naturally, to oversee his education.]

 

“N-Naturally,” Ram repeated quietly.

 

She had thought it was natural back then, too. It must have felt even more natural to Subaru,
who had seen her as his teacher for far longer than she could have known.

 

[Best to avoid the tension that build up two days ago, Subaru thought guiltily. I really
don’t want to recreate it, when finding myself had already been so painful…]



 

Couldn’t risk overfamiliarity, Ram reflected, despite having known them for a month…

 

["Getting self-conscious of my own bad points in such a short time like that… It’s a
bigger shock than seeing an infant grow into a man in three days.”]

 

What a despicable teacher Ram had been.

 

—Ricardo frowned. “Subaru doesn’t really have any bad points, does he?” he asked.

 

“He has some growing to do,” Anastasia muttered. “I don’t think he even realizes what…”

 

There was his lack of foresight, and his worrying inability to reasonably advocate for his own
self-interest, and his tendency to put his foot in his mouth, and how it had taken him far too
long to ask anyone for help — but Anastasia had become most concerned about something
else. Because that forgiveness of his was the exact sort of leverage that could lead to him
winding up as the slave of a sleazy, unsavory sort of person willing to take advantage of it.

 

Otto grimaced. He didn’t want to say it out loud, but he was pretty sure that he and Anastasia
were thinking the same thing, here.

 

Ricardo exhaled slowly. “I dunno,” he admitted. “It’s kind of nice, to meet someone like
that…”

 

“Not if that someone keeps being put in situations like THIS,” Tivey said darkly. “I’d rather
he be warier.”

 

“I don’t like seeing him get hurt,” Hetaro agreed quietly.

 

For once, Mimi didn’t say anything. Everyone took this as silent agreement.



 

"I wish he'd stop getting hurt," Frederica said softly. But — it wasn't like she knew what it
was, exactly, that would stop him from getting hurt so much.

 

“Captain’s awesome,” Garfiel scoffed. “My amazing self wouldn’t change a thing about—!”

 

He stopped.

 

…Was that — really what he thought?

 

That forgiveness had led to Subaru reaching out a hand to Garfiel, so Garfiel very well
couldn’t spit on it now. But — it had also been extended to…

 

If Garfiel had to pick a side — wouldn’t it be selfish, for him to say that he wanted Subaru to
retain that forgiving nature?

 

“…wouldn’t change a thing about him,” he repeated loudly, if only because he didn’t want
the other Camps catching onto his hesitation. Even if he had some — thinking — to do later,
that wasn’t anyone’s business but his own. And Captain needed him to stand up for him in
front of Lady Emilia’s political rivals. “He’s great as he is!”

 

“Thanks, Garfiel,” Subaru muttered, face pink.

 

“I would have to agree.” Julius sighed, looking exhausted. “However, I would appreciate a
little more caution on his part…”

 

“Oh shut up!”

 

“He’s a very hard worker,” Crusch praised. “And he has a very good heart.”



 

That made his naïveté all the worse, as far as Anastasia was concerned. Though, it wasn’t like
she disagreed.

 

“He’s got a very good heart, in fact!” Beatrice agreed hotly.

 

“Aww, thank you!” Subaru grinned, trying to ignore that his spirit was echoing compliment
from Lady Crusch — if only for the sake of his own heart. “Beako has a very good heart,
too!”

 

“And he’s definitely a veery hard worker,” Emilia nodded. Then she stopped “…Though…”

 

Was that actually a good thing?

 

Wilhelm was thinking something similar. Hard work was a virtue, but hard work to the point
of self-destruction was…

 

“Weakling,” Ferris hissed, curling in on himself. “Pathetic, useless weakling, always having
to…to…!”

 

He didn’t know how much of that he meant or how much he didn’t. All he knew was that it
hurt, and that it hurt really, really badly.

 

Felt sighed. She would have liked it if Big Bro could read the room just a little bit better.
Maybe then he wouldn’t get hurt quite so much.

 

“A little more self-awareness would be nice,” Rachins muttered. “Just — enough to
recognize that the person in front of him has a — a knife…”

 



Subaru had recognized it. But then he’d walked right into it. —It was still Rachins’ fault, but
Subaru also could have been just a little more aware, right?

 

Rom grimaced. Really, he thought the most concerning thing about Subaru’s attitude so far
wasn’t actually his lack of awareness, or how his hard-working nature bled into self-
destructive behaviors, or even his outrageous decision to forgive two women for torturing
and murdering him because they had held his hands through the resulting nightmare. No, the
thing that concerned him most of all was just how mean-spirited his attitude towards his own
self seemed to…

 

“I don’t think anything about Subaru needs to change,” Reinhard said. “Subaru is perfect as
he is.”

 

Subaru stared at him in shock, face scarlet. “H-How can you say that with a straight face?!”

 

Ram could have answered that question a number of ways, a little while ago — and she
would have, gladly, letting loose a number of jabs of which she would truly mean only about
half. But Ram couldn’t think about Subaru that way anymore. If asked about his bad points
— the only thing she could think about now was the fact that he had entirely forgiven her for
something that should have been unforgivable, purely because…

 

—Rem didn’t have the context necessary to understand what would be most helpful and most
harmful to this boy, on a normal day in this strange world. She kept her mouth shut, and she
continued to watch.

 

["Before we get to the issue at hand." Subaru straightened his back under Ram’s stern
gaze. "About that magic in the garden earlier…" she began.]

 

["Ah, sorry for the mess,” Subaru apologized. “I can't use that thing right, so I'm not
touching it for a while. I hear it'd take twenty years for me to learn the fundamentals
right…"]

 

“Liar,” Ferris muttered. “Nyew absolute…”



 

Crusch sighed. Wilhelm chuckled, ever so slightly.

 

Ram swallowed. She didn’t remember this part, but she could tell from the look on her old
self’s face what she was about to say next.

 

["A mess it may have been, but do not provoke Rem too much."]  

 

“—Eh?” Mimi asked.

 

Anastasia stiffened.

 

That was right. To them, it was clear that it had just been Subaru failing at a magic lesson.
But from an outside perspective—!

 

[Subaru didn’t understand. Ram sighed, and spelled it out:]

 

["Rem was quite disturbed by the magic that covered a corner of the garden as well as
Lady Emilia. —You should be dancing for me in thanks for stopping her, Barusu."]

 

Frederica nearly choked. 

 

“Oh crap,” Rachins gasped.

 

Mimi inhaled sharply. Her brothers both shrank into her sides as the realization hit all three of
them at once.

 

“You would have…?” Beatrice trailed off, eyes round and hurt.



 

Yet again, Emilia wondered how on Earth this woman could be the one that Subaru had fallen
in love with.

 

—What did that say about Emilia, if Subaru had fallen for them both?

 

Garfiel wanted to thank Ram for saving his Captain, but he also still felt too hurt and
betrayed to look her in the eye. Could it be good enough, that at least this current version of
her had—?

 

No. No, that was such a shameless way to think. Above all else, Ram herself would never
forgive Garfiel for thinking like that.

 

["Ah...” Subaru’s face paled. “Ahhhh... Yeah, you're right..."]

 

He hadn’t even considered—?! Otto bit the inside of his cheek to keep himself from
screaming.

 

Julius sucked in a breath. Ricardo patted him on the shoulder, wincing.

 

“This was the one place I thought I wouldn’t really have to worry about him,” Julius
confessed quietly. “This was the one place…”

 

Julius hadn’t really worried about Subaru like this before, not for quite some time. But ever
since he had seen Subaru nearly blow himself and Emilia up on that first day, he had been
completely on edge. And it seemed as though every event that followed had done nothing but
make him feel even worse.

 

“I get it,” Ricardo muttered. “I get it, Jules…”

 



Crusch watched quietly, a pained look on her face. A person’s home was the one place they
should not feel constantly endangered, wasn’t it?

 

Weakling. Ferris swallowed. Subaru was a stupid, stupid weakling, whose loved ones could
murder him in seconds if he made even the slightest misstep.

 

Ferris didn’t know how else to deal with the agony that gnawed at his stomach in response to
that realization than to keep on hating and hating and hating. Hating the world, hating the
Manor Staff, hating Subaru — hating himself, for being able to do absolutely nothing about
any of it.

 

[Thank goodness Ram didn’t jump the gun, Subaru thought gratefully. —But Rem
making snap judgements like that on the spot like that…!]

 

—So, Frederica thought. Compared to Ram, that was the type of person that Rem had been. 

 

Snap judgements were sometimes useful, Reinhard thought grimly. In the right
circumstances, Rem’s immediate action could have prevented a true disaster from befalling
the Estate. In the right circumstances, they would all be praising her for her quick thinking
right now.

 

But if Rem’s instincts were off-kilter, Felt understood silently, then that could make her more
dangerous to her allies than any outside threat.

 

How could anyone act so brutally, with so little forward judgement? Wilhelm bared his teeth,
and completely lost the hypocritical irony of him being the one to think that thought to the
depths of his simmering rage.

 

Anastasia grimaced. To go against Lady Emilia’s orders at the drop of a hat like that…

 

Who was more to blame for that dynamic? Was it Rem, for being a misbehaving servant? Or
was it Emilia, for being a Lady who hadn’t earned her servants’ trust in her judgement?



 

Rom winced. He had thought of that risk the moment Subaru’s magic had malfunctioned. The
fact that it hadn’t even crossed the boy’s mind…

 

Emilia may have eased Subaru of his panic and stress, but the situation had not changed. The
Mathers Estate was a dangerous place, with dangerous people, and Subaru could not afford to
let down his guard.

 

["Oh man, I was way too careless…” Subaru muttered. “I have to think ahead more
after four Continues."]

 

Rem stared at the meteor. Subaru had just been trying to play. All he had been doing was
playing with magic in the garden with the girl he liked. And she had very nearly gone and
killed him for it, hadn’t she?

 

["What are you mumbling about...? If we do not get to work soon, both breakfast and
dinner shall run late."]

 

Breakfast and dinner, Rem reflected. It sounded like such a mundane and inconsequential
priority, when Subaru was standing there worried about…

 

["Oh, I was just thinking about the shopping in the afternoon. Which one of you will be
going with me?"]

 

[Probably Rem, right? Subaru thought. She’s the one who always came with me in the
past timelines. —Though, under the circumstances, going with Rem would be a heavy
weight on my mind…]

 

Rem’s heart felt heavy. She understood — and in some ways, she appreciated the wariness —
but it also stung. But it would have stung more if he hadn’t been wary of her at all, so she
would just have to put up with it as the penance for the unforgivable actions that she had
taken, several lifetimes before.



 

Ram remembered going with Subaru to the village. She knew from that, that she had not left
him and Rem alone — for whatever reason.

 

But, had the two of them gone alone, or…?

 

["What nonsense are you speaking?" Ram replied.]

 

["...Eh?"]

 

[Ram’s neutral expression broke into an ominous-looking smile.]

 

“She wants him to go with them both,” Anastasia guessed.

 

“Most likely,” Rom murmured.

 

In previous loops, Subaru and Rem had gone alone. …Had Ram noticed that Subaru felt
nervous around Rem this time around, and wanted to be there to ease the tension? Or perhaps
it was the other way around, with Ram knowing that Rem had been freshly put on edge and
not wanting to send her off alone with the boy who had nearly sent her into a murderous
frenzy.

 

Anastasia supposed that none of them may ever really know the answer to that.

 

[Cold, malicious, devilish… Subaru thought to himself, looking at her expression
worriedly. What is she planning, here?]

 

“Is that what you thought I looked like…?” Ram murmured quietly.

 



[“You shall go with both of us,” Ram declared. “You shall have a lovely flower on each
arm, Barusu.”]

 

She didn’t — remember everything perfectly — but Ram did remember a feeling of mischief,
from that moment. She remembered wanting to tease him a little, and she remembered
wanting to bully him slightly by giving him heavier things to carry back to the manor.

 

She hadn’t wanted to hurt him. Did Subaru worry, sometimes, if perhaps Ram would decide
that she wanted to—?

 

[Negotiations went a little too well, didn’t they? Subaru groaned, covering his face with a
palm.]

 

[—Well, that’s fine. Just so long as the flowers aren’t poisonous.]

 

Poisonous flowers. That was what she and her sister had been to Subaru, wasn’t it…?

 

Were those flowers still poisonous, Ram wondered? She had the sinking feeling that they
were.

 

Rem stared at the meteor sadly. Subaru knew that the two of them were poisonous flowers —
had felt both of their toxins’ painful, lethal sting — and still he kept approaching them and
asking to sit and admire their petals, all the same. There was something flattering about that,
but flattering in an uncomfortable and agonizing way that made her want to writhe as if in
pain.

 

She wished he had left. He could have gone to find the nice red-haired knight who cared
about him right from the start, couldn’t he? It wasn’t like she didn’t trust him to be near her,
but — she didn’t want him to be so close to someone who would be so cruel to him. He was
the type of person who would forgive it all far too easily, even if it meant getting hurt again
and again.

 



[Irlam’s a pretty small village, really, Subaru noted. About 200 residents — wouldn’t be
enough to fill an elementary school back home. And you can do a full lap around the place
in about twenty minutes, too…]

 

Julius frowned. “That’s a pretty normal-sized settlement by Lugunican standards,” he said.
“What was considered normal back in your homeland, Subaru?”

 

“Oh, uh.” Subaru shrugged. “I’m not exactly sure what the exact numbers were,” he
confessed. “But…a couple thousand, at least. And that’s really lowballing it. —Though I
guess there were some more rural settlements outside the suburbs I grew up in…”

 

Anastasia tilted her head. “Sounds like a similar setup to the Kararagi City-States,” she noted.

 

“Wouldn’t be surprised,” Subaru muttered.

 

“And an elementary school — over 200 students?” Crusch echoed. “All those scholars in one
place?”

 

Subaru coughed, his lips twitching. “Well, I wouldn’t call a bunch of five-to-ten-year-olds
SCHOLARS…” he grinned.

 

“That’s a lot of children!” Mimi exclaimed. “All those children in one place?”

 

Reinhard put his hand to his chin. Their prior discussion of perhaps implementing a similar
school system here in Lugunica rose again to the forefront of his mind. Could they even find
enough children here for something like that…?

 

["I must say, work was finished rather quickly."]

 

["Barusu was so deft, it was revolting. What happened to him?"]



 

Frederica chuckled, ever so softly. It was nice, how much he had improved in such a short
amount of time. —Though, the reason for that was likely less than ideal, wasn't it...? 

 

["I won't blush, so praise me all you want,” Subaru said proudly. “The latent potential
sleeping in me has finally blossomed!"]

 

[I’m rather full of myself right now, aren’t I? —At the high praise for the work I did before
noon!]

 

It was nice to see him proud of a job well done, Crusch thought. It was the mark of great
integrity, for a person to take true pride in fulfilling even the most menial of tasks.

 

“Bit full of yerself, eh?” Ricardo teased, determined to keep the mood light. “What’ll they do
with ya? So much excitement, over just half a day of—”

 

[Apparently I’d been failing as a result of putting too much stress on myself. A more
natural approach worked much better.]

 

Ricardo froze, his eyes going wide.

 

Ram was going to be sick, wasn’t she?

 

Ram had teased him before, for the shoddy worksmanship from his first few days. She had
teased him for the lap pillow, too. —But for both of those things, the root cause had been
none other than—!

 

A strangled sob left her throat before she could fully snuff it out. Only the people closest to
her were able to hear it.

 



“Nee-sama…” Rem trailed off, hand hovering hesitantly over her shoulder.

 

Felt grimaced. This whole situation was just gross — for everyone.

 

“…Good job, Subaru,” Ricardo said, dropping the teasing entirely. “I’m very proud of you
for managing to do so well.”

 

“Uh—” Faced with such genuine praise, Subaru floundered without any idea how to respond,
cheeks red. “Th— Thanks??”

 

[No doubt my ability to let go had something to do with the feel of Emilia's lap… Subaru
thought. That sure helped me relax, huh…?]

 

Subaru braced himself for the incoming jeers — but nobody laughed. Instead everyone
looked, to varying degrees, oddly sad.

 

“I’m glad,” Emilia said softly. “I’m so very, very glad…”

 

It was such a simple thing that she had done for him, and yet he valued it this much…?
Anastasia gritted her teeth.

 

—It wasn’t Subaru she was angry with, not really. He wanted what he wanted, and she would
never begrudge someone for knowing what they truly desired. But that did not mean that
Lady Emilia, who had compensated for allowing her servants to torture and murder her guest
through her own inaction by fulfilling such a pathetically simple request, was in the clear.

 

["Either way, I have an MO for the perpetrator. It has to be someone who touched me
on the trips to the village before…” Subaru pondered aloud. "The ones who stand out
are Muraosa, the acting headman, the granny touching butts in search of her lost youth,
the leader of the young men with short haircuts, and the guy with a short cut leading
the Ram-Rem Defense Force who kept butting shoulders with me out of jealousy…”]



 

“My amazing self remembers all those guys,” Garfiel muttered. “They sure can be a
suspicious bunch, eh?”

 

“That’s one way of putting it,” Otto agreed.

 

"Got me youth back, got me youth back,” the old woman had giggled mischievously. Otto
sighed at the memory. The villagers sure could be something, alright… Though, it was
somewhat nice to see that Otto wasn’t the only one they liked to bully.

 

["I had to lead Muraosa to the john when he started flaking out…” Subaru blinked.
“Now that I think about it, all of them touched me somehow,” he realized. “That's kind
of suspicious..."]

 

Crusch’s eyes softened. “They did, didn’t they…?”

 

Perhaps it was suspicious — but everyone already knew that none of the villagers were at
fault. Which meant that they had all gone up to touch him just…to make him feel welcome.

 

What a warm and lovely village Irlam must be.

 

Julius remembered visiting the village briefly in order to assist with the fight against the
Witch Cult. Now, perhaps the circumstances had been different, but he was fairly certain that
none of those villagers had even hinted at wanting to extend any of the soldiers that level of
friendly familiarity.

 

He smiled. Wherever he went, Julius supposed that Subaru had a way of making people fall
in love with him.

 

[But all of them are native villagers through and through, not outsiders just coming on by.
They don’t fit the profile I’m looking for, here…]



 

["That being the case, guess I'd better just hang around the same places…” Subaru
sighed, looking gloomy at his lack of any better ideas.]

 

Julius’ smile abruptly disappeared.

 

That was right. That stupid, stupid, borderline suicidal plan of his…!

 

The idea of purposefully inflicting himself with a death curse just to figure out who the
culprit was— after it had already lead to his death TWICE, no less—!

 

["Nee-sama, Nee-sama. Let us gather all the light things."]

 

["Rem, Rem. Let us leave all the heavy things for Barusu."]

 

[How ominous…!]

 

The mood in the theater cooled slightly.

 

Emilia pressed her lips together. “Bullying him like that right away…” she murmured.

 

Frederica averted her eyes, feeling awkward. That had always been Ram's way of showing
affection, she knew. But with this additional context...

 

Rem swallowed. Had she really been so mean to him, in every single loop?

 

Ram stared at the meteor with dull eyes. At the time, she remembered that she had been
genuinely trying to play with him. But this didn’t feel like play on her part anymore.



 

(Subaru opened his mouth and closed it. What could he say?)

 

[“Oh! It's Subaru!” “Huh? Subaru!” “Yay! Subaru is here!”]

 

[“Whoa! Hey! Bring it…!” Subaru tried to catch them with open arms, but the sheer
number of children who had leapt at him bowled him over. “Aaah!”]

 

Julius barked out a sudden laugh, broken out of his turbulent thoughts and emotions once
again. Tivey startled, unaccustomed to hearing such an undignified sound from his Lady’s
knight. Mimi gave him a wide grin, and Julius quickly cleared his throat and straightened
himself once again.

 

Subaru was scowling at him. Julius sent an apologetic smile his way — an action that only
made his scowl deepen further.

 

(The mood brightened once again. For this, Subaru would never admit that he was grateful.)

 

[“Geez!” Petra scolded, running up behind them. “Guys, don't do anything dumb!
Subaru, are you alright?”]

 

[“Oh, yeah, I'm fine. I'm fine.” Subaru laughed, scratching his head. “I was
overconfident in my abilities, How embarrassing.”]

 

“Overconfident, you say,” Reinhard said mildly.

 

“More like the children overwhelmed him,” Ricardo teased. “Poor Subaru, greeted with an
onslaught like that the moment he entered the village…!”

 



—Felt tilted her head. “They must really be fond of him to greet him like that,” she noted.
“Didn’t they only meet him once?”

 

“That’s just Subaru, I guess,” Rom laughed. “Kids just — gravitate towards him, it seems…”

 

[“Huh.” Petra tilted her head. “Subaru, did something happen yesterday?”]

 

“She noticed, then,” Anastasia said. She felt oddly proud.

 

"Petra is a very insightful young woman," Frederica agreed mildly. "I am very happy to have
her as my apprentice."

 

[“What? No, no, no, n-nothing at all! It's not like I borrowed the lap of the girl I have
feelings for, cried my eyes out, and then went to sleep with a runny nose. Nothing like
that happened at all!”]

 

“How convincing,” Felt snorted.

 

[“Hmm…” Petra looked somewhat suspicious. “Well, alright. —So, are you running
errands today?”]

 

Knowing when to press and when to let the other person spill of their own accord…
Anastasia leaned forward, her eyes twinkling. Oh, how she’d love to take this girl under her
wing…!

 

[“That's part of it, but right now I have free time. Why don't we take a little tour of the
village? …Hey, don't get on my back! Don't get snot on my back! Even if it's not snot,
that still wouldn't be okay!”]

 

[“…Uh, do you need help?”]



 

[“…Please.”]

 

“Looks like she’s the leader of the bunch,” Anastasia chuckled, watching as Petra went
around introducing Subaru to all the adults in the village — and how each one appeared to
touch him in a different spot.

 

“She’s certainly the most mature,” Otto sighed. “Though, that makes her a handful in her own
right…”

 

Petra’s mischievous “Ottotototo-san!” nickname rang in his ears.

 

[“Well… In this case, I guess it’s a good idea to gather the people of the village and have
a chat with them so that I can get a better idea of things.”]

 

[“All at once?”]

 

[“I'm going to give them a big old hello and say, ‘Let's be friends from now on!’”
Subaru laughed, looking both mischievous and innocent.]

 

[For the first time, something like fondness had made its way into Petra’s eyes as she
looked at the new manservant of the Mathers Estate.]

 

Frederica smiled, feeling slightly mischievous. So this was when it had started, was it? 

 

“That shows good judgement on her part,” Anastasia praised, and she meant it. “A fondness
for genuineness and honesty and a talent for seeing through masks and trickery — even if
they are well intentioned — that is a sign of an insightful mind.”

 



“Yes,” Otto agreed. “Isn’t it fortunate that we managed to recruit her when we did, Lady
Emilia?”

 

“Hm?” Emilia tilted her head. “Yes, I suppose,” she agreed. “I am very grateful to have Petra
around…”

 

["What's wrong, Subaru?" “Are you hungry?" “Do you have a tummy ache?"]

 

[“I’ve got a connection with you across time and space or something,” Subaru muttered,
glancing over the seven children climbing all over him like some sort of oddly-shaped
playground equipment.]

 

“In every lifetime, the children shall find him,” Wilhelm laughed.

 

“Perhaps that’s the real curse,” Crusch teased, nudging Ferris. Ferris didn’t react, causing her
face to fall with disappointment.

 

“All children love Captain,” Garfiel declared. “It’s one of his special powers!”

 

“Not sure how I feel about THAT being a special power of mine—”

 

["What are you saying?" "Did you hit your head?" "Do you have a tummy ache?"]

 

[“You make it sound like I've got diarrhea or something, geez!”]

 

[The children burst out laughing.]

 

Frederica sighed, exasperated. Those children... 



 

[It seems that in every world, kids this age think the cruder, the funnier…]

 

One of the fallacies of youth, yes. Anastasia was rather proud of the fact that she had never
been that kind of child herself.

 

“Ah, but ain’t that a mark of a healthy kid?” Ricardo grinned. “Finding joy and laughter in
the foulest of things—”

 

“Oh, hush,” Anastasia scolded. “Don’t be so crass.”

 

The Mercenary Captain laughed aloud.

 

["And I've got kids all over me, just like old times…” Subaru slumped his. "Why is it I
get along great with brats and the elderly?” he wondered. “I mean, it's like it's the only
good point I have in this world."]

 

“I wonder why,” Crusch agreed wryly, watching as Subaru twisted his body to nuzzle the kids
riding his back, the others chasing after him calling for him to carry them next as he marched
around the village.

 

[No doubt the twins were being considerate in letting me go and look around the village,
Subaru thought. But I really wish one of them had stayed with me. —Then the kids would
have happily jumped onto her instead…!]

 

“Somehow, I doubt that,” Rom chuckled.

 

“The Oni twins are much less climbable than Subaru!” Mimi declared hotly.

 

Tivey winced. “Onee-chan, please don’t climb Lady Anastasia’s political opponents—”



 

“It’s true,” Ram said quietly. Felt turned to listen. “The villagers always loved Subaru. They
loved him a lot, right from the very start, in a manner that they hardly ever extended to any
other strangers.”

 

That was just the nature of Subaru’s charm. Rem believed that she could understand it, really.

 

["And I managed to meet all the suspects without being super nervous, even…” Subaru
swallowed. It’s near-suicidal for me to put myself back on the chopping block like this, but
if I don’t…]

 

All of Frederica's mirth drained away once again.

 

Right. He was — back here for a reason, after all.

 

["At the very least, if it's just the rite, I can get Beako to lift it, right?" he thought
aloud. So long as it doesn’t activate right away or something…]

 

The very thought made Julius’ face drain of color.

 

“Jules, we know he survives this,” Anastasia reminded him in a whisper. “We know that’s not
what…”

 

“I know.” The knight was gripping the armrests of his seat so hard his knuckles were turning
white. “I know…!”

 

[“Subaru, your face looks bad!" "Scary face!" "Weird face!"]

 

["Geez, you make that sound awful.” Subaru snapped out of his thoughts. “And that
third comment annoys me just a little!"]



 

“Does Subaru not like the idea of having a weird face?” Ricardo teased, trying to lighten the
mood. “I wouldn’t worry, I think you’ve got quite the cute little face~!”

 

“Oh be quiet!” Subaru stuck out his tongue. “You are not the kind of person I wanna hear that
sort of language from, thank you very much!”

 

[I can’t shake them off, but they know their way around the village, so they are somewhat
useful, Subaru thought. —More importantly, to a shaman trying not to cause a fuss in the
village, attempting to harm me while I have a gaggle of children all over me is a poor
option. So they also function as human shields…]

 

Mimi immediately dissolved into hysterics. Her brothers weren’t far behind her.

 

“Oh, you’re planning on using the children as human shields?” Felt grinned. “Tell us more
about your dastardly plans, Big Bro~”

 

["Man, I'm getting pretty evil, too. I'm expanding my horizons here!"]

 

Perhaps Crusch wouldn’t have laughed if that thought came from most other people. But the
idea of Subaru, of all people, using children to defend himself from an attacker was simply
too ridiculous to take seriously. —And from the looks of it, this sentiment was universal
amongst those within the theater walls.

 

Subaru crossed his arms, pouting. “I can be evil if I want to…”

 

Reinhard coughed into his fist, smiling. Subaru stared at him with a look of utter betrayal.

 

["What's wrong, Subaru?" "What is it?" "Did you flake out?"]

 



["Nah, it's nothing,” Subaru laughed, rubbing the heads of the children clamped on his
legs. “Well, this is all for my happiness. You'll cooperate a little longer, won’t you?”]

 

“I have a feeling those kids would do just about anything Natsuki-kun asked of them,”
Anastasia teased.

 

Otto sighed. “You have no idea,” he muttered.

 

Garfiel snickered. “The kids got good taste,” he grinned. “If they’re gonna cling to someone,
clearly Captain is the best choice.”

 

“It’s kind of amazing,” Wilhelm murmured. “Their parents…”

 

All of their parents were watching this scene with warm smiles on their faces, clearly
perfectly at ease with this complete stranger handling those who would have been their prides
and joys.

 

It wasn’t like Wilhelm didn’t understand why Subaru would be the one they would trust so
much at just a glance. But that didn’t mean he wasn’t warmed by it, all the same.

 

[I don’t really like children very much to begin with, Subaru reflected. They’re noisy, way
too chummy, and completely self-serving.]

 

Frederica folded her arms, unimpressed.

 

“Ah?” Ricardo grinned. “Ya don’t like children, ya say…?”

 

“Quite a feat, to be able to say that while letting a bunch of kids climb all over you like that,”
Tivey said wryly.

 



“Just because children like me doesn’t mean I like them!”

 

Emilia giggled. “You’re not a very good liar, Subaru,” she said. Subaru gaped back at her,
wounded.

 

“And also…” Julius sighed.

 

“I know what ya mean,” Rom grinned in Subaru’s direction. “For you to say ya don’t like
children, when you yourself—”

 

[—Perhaps that’s how I think about myself, too.]

 

Rom immediately cut himself off, his smile faltering. Julius started slightly. A number of
people looked as though they were having the same thought as the two of them.

 

“Eh?” Felt frowned. Don’t like children — because they remind you of yourself?

 

…Really. She had thought this a couple of times before, but a lot of Subaru’s inner
monologues were — rather concerning, when they came to his own value as a person.

 

["Victory!”]

 

[“VICTORY—!!”]

 

["What kind of attraction is this?" Ram sighed, having come across the scene upon her
return.]

 

Ricardo started laughing. “Radio Calisthenics!”



 

“You inflicted this upon that poor town this early?” Julius smiled once again. “Just what are
we supposed to do with you…?”

 

“Oh hush!” Subaru stuck out his tongue. “And you jumped right in of your own volition, so
you have no room to talk!”

 

[“It's nothing big enough to call an attraction. I figured I'd kill time with the kids, and
then the adults saw and jumped on the bandwagon, that's all.”]

 

“Nobody in that village had any taste, I suppose,” Beatrice teased.

 

“They had plenty of taste!” Garfiel scoffed. “Good on them, for recognizing the value of
Captain’s Radio Calisthenics right at the start!”

 

Anastasia was observing the scene with soft eyes. “They really are fond of ya,” she
murmured. “Right from the very start, they…”

 

Letting him play with their children. Taking the time to welcome him one by one. Joining in
with the silly game he instigated in the middle of the square.

 

Had Subaru himself ever realized just how much they must have loved him, right from the
very start?

 

["Well, I've gotten so popular it scares even me. It's something fun for the young and
old alike. Maybe it really is the secret to living longer!”]

 

["I would not know."]

 

[Subaru reacted in an exaggerated fashion. "Geez, that's a cold brush-off."]



 

Ram wished she had been gentler with him. Her eyes were dull.

 

Felt grimaced at the look on her face. “Ram…” she muttered.

 

“It’s nothing, Lady Felt.” Ram’s voice was quiet and reserved. “Please, do not pay attention
to Ram.”

 

Felt pressed her lips together, but she couldn’t think of anything to say.

 

["That's cold, Ram-chi!" "That's awful, Ram-chi!" "You're scary, Ram-chi!"]

 

[“…You taught these children that manner of address?"]

 

["Not so much taught them as, ah, made you more approachable? I mean, if you keep
everyone at arm's length, they can’t see who you really are. That's a lonely thing…
That’s what I think, anyway.”]

 

Ram felt the knife in her heart twist.

 

It wasn’t like she hadn’t remembered this part. But — Subaru really did care for her that
much, didn’t he? Enough to give her a nickname, enough to worry about her relations with
the people of Irlam, enough to teach the children to…

 

Had Ram ever even fully understood what a blessing that was, before she knew just how
badly she had ruined all of it before it had even been bestowed upon her?

 

—Had she ever even bothered to let Subaru know just how much—?!

 



["You certainly have an active mouth. I do not mind, but Rem may not care for it."]

 

["Rem-in?" "Rem-rin." "Rem-ri-rin."]

 

["—Ah, we kind of...crossed that bridge already."]

 

[Ram slumped her shoulders in resignation.]

 

Rem’s lip wobbled. Even after everything, he had gone out of his way to…?

 

But of course he had. It was Subaru, after all.

 

…When she got back, would those children still call her “Rem-rin” like Subaru had taught
them? She wasn’t sure if the thought made her want to smile or cry. Perhaps it made her want
to do a little bit of both.

 

—Frederica glanced at both of the twins from across the room. Perhaps it was foolish of her,
but...she hoped that both of them could enjoy the friendliness and hospitality of that lovely
town again soon.

 

["So, did you look around the village as you desired?"]

 

["—Yeah, that part went off without a hitch,” Subaru nodded. "The last, last thing on
my to-do list was to high-five the guy with the crew cut after aerobics, and that's
done…” he grinned. “I've got work to do, so get lost, guys. Ahh, what a pity. If I had
more time I could've played with you some more. Ha-ha-ha, too bad so sad!"]

 

["He's smiling!" "He's laughing!" "Are you really so happy?!"]

 



[Subaru stuck his tongue out in response to the complaints.]

 

“How childish,” Julius chuckled.

 

“It’s good to see, ain’t it?” Ricardo grinned. Julius nodded, gratitude shining from the very
bottom of his heart.

 

Subaru scowled. “I don’t like that look on your face, you grape-haired asshole.”

 

Julius grinned teasingly back at him. “Oh, but whatever should I do if I don’t receive your
affections? Say it isn’t so.”

 

Subaru squawked, his face turning red. “Do you have ANY idea how that SOUNDS—?!”

 

—Crusch wondered if he realized it.

 

She could see it in his eyes: that joy and satisfaction at playing with the children. At being
childish. At conversing with people like people, instead of like potential victims, potential
murderers.

 

At — after that horrible incident that had ended with his scene at the cliffside — having
regained his humanity, which was the only thing that could have led to a scene that otherwise
looked so very mundane.

 

Crusch had a feeling that Subaru hadn’t even fully understood that response himself.

 

["—Ah?"]

 

Frederica choked. 



 

Garfiel’s eyes widened. “That’s—!”

 

Otto shushed them both quickly, glancing in the direction of the other camps.

 

[Until now, this one has been rather shy and avoidant, Subaru noted, looking down at
Meili. Especially in comparison to the other kids…]

 

["What is it?” he asked, a warm look on his face. “If you've got something to say, I'm
happy to listen."]

 

He’d be a good older brother, Hetaro thought wistfully. He’d be a good older brother,
wouldn’t he…?

 

["Err, well...” Meili took his hand. “Come over here."]

 

Julius kept on smiling. Most of the time, he had seen his younger brother in Subaru more
than anything else. —Right now, however, he believed that he was seeing the part of Subaru
that reminded him the most of himself.

 

“Shut up!” Subaru shouted, bright red, even though Julius was not saying a word. “Shut up,
shut up, shut up—!”

 

At the very least, it was the part of Subaru that reminded him of the man that he wanted to
become.

 

["—You may do as you please a little while longer,” Ram agreed, in response to
Subaru’s questioning look.]

 



Ram didn’t know if she regretted her leniency or not. It was what Subaru had wanted, in a
number of ways, she knew that. But at the same time…!

 

["Oh, thanks, I owe you one,” Subaru smiled. “So, what is it?"]

 

["You'll be real surprised." "You'll love it." "You'll break out in a dance."]

 

["Surprise, happiness, dancing? You sure are expecting a big reaction out of me
here…”]

 

“Ah,” Anastasia muttered, as the whole theater abruptly realized what it was the children
must have want Subaru to see. “This is when they brought you to the Mabeast pup.”

 

["Ah, yeah, there was this event, too, wasn't there...?"]

 

“Yeah,” Subaru said quietly. “This is when…”

 

[Its eyes are round and its fur soft, making it almost seem like a newborn pup. To a fur
connoisseur like me, this is…!]

 

Ricardo would have teased him about those thoughts, any other time. But image of Subaru
about to pet a Mabeast pup was just too—!

 

Ferris’ eyes were too dark, too angry, for the idea of teasing Subaru to have even crossed his
mind.

 

Reinhard tilted his head. …Would it be possible for him to surprise Subaru with some actual
newborn puppies, one of these days? He thought that he would quite like to see the look on
his face.

 



[But the moment Subaru reached out his hand, every hair on the mabeast’s body stood
on end as it barked out a warning.]

 

["I figured this was coming..." Subaru sighed.]

 

“The Witch‘s Scent,” Ricardo answered grimly. “Mabeasts can’t stand…”

 

Julius swallowed. In every sense of the word, it seemed, that Witch had gone out of her way
to paint a target across Subaru’s back.

 

—Suddenly, a thought occurred to him.

 

“Subaru,” he said. “The mabeast reacted to you like this — every single time?”

 

["But he's always been so good!" "He's only angry at Subaru!" "What did you do to
him, Subaru?!"]

 

["That's what I wanna know — sheesh! This is the third time and everything. Just not
compatible or what?"]

 

Subaru looked at him, a little confused. “Yeah…?”

 

“And it bit you,” he said. “Every single time.”

 

“Obviously…?”

 

Julius took a deep breath. Exhaled. “That thing was visibly hostile towards you every time
you approached it, and bit you every chance it got,” he said. “And you still decided that you
were going to pet it?”



 

“Ah—”

 

[Off to the side, Petra looked oddly consoled by the less-than-friendly the puppy had
aimed Subaru’s way.]

 

“If she didn’t have a good impression of him and yet saw everyone else warming up to him
so quickly,” Anastasia chuckled slightly. “Then I suppose that reaction makes sense.”

 

Anastasia was the only one paying attention to Petra, in that moment.

 

“…I mean,” Subaru tried to defend himself. “It looked like a puppy.”

 

Julius stared at him. “…And?” he pressed.

 

“It looked like a puppy,” Subaru repeated. “Of— Of course I was going to try to pet the
puppy. What kind of person wouldn’t take a chance like that?”

 

[Such a severe dislike in every single loop, Subaru lamented. It wounds my animal-loving
heart…!]

 

["I guess in one sense, having something not change between loops feels about right…”
he sighed. “But I'd have liked a more friendly reaction, seriously."]

 

Silence greeted Subaru’s declaration.

 

“…What kind of logic is that?” Ricardo finally asked. Somehow, the question sounded
genuine.

 



Rachins groaned loudly, burying his face in his hands.

 

[But when Subaru made a friendly smile, the puppy suddenly let down its guard. Now’s
my chance!]

 

["Well, if you'll excuse me..."]

 

Frederica gritted her teeth, angry and frightened and so much more, all at the same time.

 

“You idiot,” Felt growled. “You stupid, stupid…!”

 

[Get all the important places. The head, neck, and the base of the tail…!]

 

“Got a system all in place, didn’t…?” Ricardo tried to tease him, but he trailed off. The sight
of him handling such a dangerous monster like that was just too…!

 

["Heh-heh, I've been looking forward to this feeling,” Subaru said cheerfully, a big grin
on his face. “Pretty nice stuff for a stray. A little tender, loving brushing and this'll be a
long, shiny coat. Hey, there's a bald spot on the head. This a wound? Where did you
bump against—?"]

 

“NO—!” Julius shouted, but everyone already knew what was about to happen.

 

[The instant Subaru touched the site of the broken horn, the mabeast bit down on his
hand hard enough to draw blood, making him yelp.]

 

Crusch swallowed. Wilhelm stared stonily ahead. Ferris flinched, but didn’t do much else.

 

The curse had been planted. That was that.



 

["What an event with which to get a one hundred percent completion rate,” Subaru
said. He tried smiling to put it at ease again, but it didn’t work this time at all. “You
even got me in the same place. What, did you do a time leap just for this…?”]

 

The curse set to kill him that very night had been planted — and Subaru was none the wiser.
Julius could feel himself shaking, staring at that bloodied mark with terror and revulsion.

 

Ricardo grimaced. This was a real rotten kind of situation, in which someone had just been
placed in mortal danger without even being given a proper heads-up that might allow them to
fight back. It was exactly the kind of ambush attack that Ricardo hated more than anything.

 

The triplets stared ahead, face serious. None of them said a word, they all just watched. —
Above them, Anastasia was doing much the same.

 

[“Yep, he got carried away." "It's because he touched it that much." "The puppy's a
girl!"]

 

[“I feel like that’s a weird tangent at the end, there,” Subaru commented, walking to a
nearby watering hole to wash the bite. “And what, no one’s worried about me? I’m
gonna cry here…”]

 

Rachins bared his teeth. For once, just this ONCE, would you stop being such a damn
jokester?!

 

“Easy, Rachins,” Felt muttered.

 

Rom placed a hand on both of their shoulders. He said nothing when both of them leaned into
his touch.

 



Reinhard stood guard outside Subaru’s jar, as if waiting to defend him from a threat that he
was far too late to save him from.

 

[Meili gave him a frail, bashful smile as he waved goodbye before scampering after the
others.]

 

Frederica watched her leave with blank eyes. Garfiel had a twisted expression on her face.
Otto grimaced. And he still forgave you.

 

“There it is, I suppose,” Beatrice murmured. Emilia nodded, her lips tight and her hands still
as stone in her lap.

 

[“Sorry for the wait,” Subaru apologized.]

 

["I sent you off thinking it would be a brief affair, but you come back with your hair
disheveled, your clothes a mess, and bleeding from your left hand, of all things."]

 

—Ram remembered this. She relaxed slightly. She had assumed…but it was good, to feel
some reassurance.

 

Felt watched Ram’s reaction, and let out a loud sigh of relief that everyone else could hear.
And just like that, some of the tension melted from the air.

 

["Well, sorry about that! A bunch of things happened. You can tell just by looking,
right?"]

 

["I suppose so,” Ram sighed, looking somewhat gloomy. “One glance and I can largely
tell what happened."]

 

Ram had been worried, at the time. She had let him leave her sight for barely a moment, and
he had gotten bit by some sort of stray animal. A ridiculous sort of younger colleague she



would have to keep a careful eye out for so that he didn’t get hurt too much, that’s how she
had seen him.

 

She’d had no idea, however, about just how dangerous that stray animal had been.

 

Frederica watched Ram's face sadly. Her breathing eased, ever so slightly. —So, at least in
this final timeline, she really had remained the Ram who would fret over her new junior
colleague, who ached to protect all those under her roof, who would never admit her true
feelings even as they shown from her soul like a beacon. In other words, this really was the
same Ram whom Frederica had grown to love and trust for the past ten years.

 

It was really a rotten feeling, to see that Ram tainted by such a vile memory that she hadn't
any idea had ever even existed.

 

[Subaru raised an eyebrow, but Ram huffed and straightened herself again before he
could ask about her unusual demeanor.]

 

Ram wished she had been more open about how much she cared for him. It wouldn’t have
made up for—

 

“My sister is too kind.”

 

…but at the very least, she wouldn’t have given Subaru every indication that she really, truly
despised him down to his blood and guts.

 

["Your wound and clothes are both unsightly,” Ram said sternly. “We shall quickly
rendezvous with Rem, because she can actually heal you."]

 

["Ram-chi, you don't use healing magic?"]

 

["I can handle sealing a wound after an amputation."]



 

Ram flinched violently.

 

["That's some really extreme first aid there!!" Subarus shuddered.]

 

“Nee-sama…” Subaru whispered.

 

Ram didn’t even look his way. How could she look him in the eye?

 

To— To make a joke like that, after she had—!

 

(Anastasia watched her quake, and winced. Ram couldn’t possibly have known, but that
didn’t mean she hadn’t hurt him all the same.)

 

[—Ram suddenly walked over and tugged on Subaru’s sleeve. Subaru blinked, turning
to face her.]

 

Wilhelm blinked, startled. “Ah?”

 

Ricardo titled his head, and then smiled somewhat sadly. Ah…

 

Ram remembered that. She had noticed that he had suddenly felt somewhat uneasy, and had
wanted to comfort him without being too blatant about it.

 

Disgusting. The whole reason why he had been uneasy was because Ram had—!

 

[“Are you coming, Barusu?” Ram asked.]



 

[“It’s with you,” he replied. “So yeah.”]

 

Frederica sort of wanted to cry again.

 

[Ram’s lips slackened for a single, brief moment.]

 

And didn’t that just sum up everything about him…!

 

Ram buried her face in her arms. Rem leaned against her, trying to give her even just that
meager sense of comfort.

 

(For a brief moment, Old Man Rom reached out to them from behind. He thought better of it
before they noticed the gesture.)

 

(Felt had seen everything. Her lips tightened, but she didn’t say anything about it.)

 

[She’d be really cute if she always acted this straightforward, Subaru thought. But maybe
I think that because I’m always so honest myself. …Perhaps honesty, too, has a time and a
place.]

 

Julius tilted his head. “I believe that honesty is always a virtue,” he said sincerely.

 

“That’s one of the things that gets ya in trouble, Jules,” Anastasia murmured lightly, nudging
his arm. Ricardo chuckled.

 

It was a nice sentiment, at least. Crusch hoped Subaru didn’t lose that sentiment entirely —
even if reading the room was an important thing for him to learn.

 



[Ram’s walking more slowly and gently than usual, isn’t she…?]

 

Wilhelm’s eyes softened. She really did care for him. This wasn’t an act: even he could see
that.

 

This...really was the Ram that Frederica had come to see as her very own sister. She didn't
know if that made things better or worse. She really didn't know.

 

Mimi felt strange. The pink-haired Oni girl really did care for Subaru, didn’t she…?
Somehow, that just made everything feel even worse.

 

(As a big sister herself, she could not let — this — slide.)

 

[“You and Nee-sama seem to be getting along nicely,” Rem said upon seeing their
return. Her voice was cold.]

 

“Overprotective, aren’t you…?” Tivey muttered. Hetaro grimaced.

 

“Ain’t you the same way with yer sister?” Ricardo teased.

 

“That’s different,” both boys said immediately.

 

[Ah. Subaru winced, having been led there by the hand. I already regret…]

 

After all, Subaru was Ram’s little sibling, too, even if she was a bad older sister.

 

(…And neither Tivey nor Hetaro had ever—)

 



[Out of spite, Rem gave him a heavy barrel to carry back to the manor — but Subaru
took it enthusiastically, hoping to make up for his transgression.]

 

[I hope it improves improve her impression of me, he thought wistfully. Just a little.]

 

Mimi buried her face in her hands. It was just like little brothers to care about that sort of
thing, wasn’t it…?

 

You scummy older sisters, she wanted so snarl. You scummy, scummy — both of you!

 

[It was well into the evening when the three servants finally returned to the Manor.]

 

The change in time made Julius startle with alarm. “Evening, already—!”

 

How long had it taken the three of them to get back to the manor?!

 

["I made it…” Subaru puffed, having collapsed on his back in front of the Manor. “I
made it! …Good job, me! Totally good job!"]

 

“Not yet,” Ram groaned. “You haven’t made it yet, you stupid…!”

 

["Yes, yes, well done."]

 

[“Yes, yes, much appreciated."]

 

“You forced him to carry that all the way back,” Felt gasped. “You forced him, when — If he
takes too long, then he’ll—!”

 



There was no way the two of them could have known that, but still…!

 

“Subaru knew that,” Rachins hissed. “Subaru — knew that, and he still went along with—?!”

 

“He could have at least said he felt ill,” Tivey growled, looking somewhat agitated. “He
could have at least asked them to help him move a little faster, somehow…!”

 

Anastasia patted the demihuman’s head, grimacing. Ricardo exhaled slowly from somewhere
behind her.

 

["Well, then, we shall return to the mansion ahead of you,” Rem said, picking up the
large barrel effortlessly with just one hand, carrying everything else in her other arm.
“Take your time."]

 

"NO!" Frederica cried.

 

“DON’T take your time—!” Otto cried, clutching at his hair. “Hurry up, hurry up already—!”

 

“Go!” Mimi shouted. “Get up, get up, go and find—!”

 

["You didn't need me to carry that, did you?" Subaru laughed slightly, watching Rem
leave them behind.]

 

“Don’t just sit there!” Hetaro wailed. “Don’t just sit there and TALK—!”

 

“You guys realize he’s still got a couple of hours, right?” Rom pointed out, somewhat
amused. The waste of time had still been a stupid decision on Subaru’s part, but… “He ain’t
gonna be in danger for a while longer.”

 



“But the minute that thing activates…!” Julius hissed, looking like he was on the verge of
tears.

 

Ferris didn’t even react. Of course Subaru would be this careless with his own life. Of course
he would be.

 

["As you can see, not at all,” Ram replied.]

 

[She’s not minded to pamper my inner boy at all… Subaru sighed. My grunt work really
had been meaningless.]

 

Crusch frowned. “You tried your best,” she said. “Nothing is meaningless when it carries
your best efforts behind it.”

 

Wilhelm smiled wistfully. That was a nice sentiment.

 

["So why'd you make me do it, then? Was it seriously just a grudge against me? Stop
bullying the new guy, sheesh."]

 

["Do you not understand, Barusu? It is out of consideration for you, of course."]

 

["I don't get what you mean by 'consideration' here."]

 

“Consideration?” Reinhard echoed, tilting his head.

 

Wilhelm winced. He believed he already knew what Ram was going to say next.

 

["Barusu, what would Lady Emilia think if she saw you coming back carrying nothing
but a small bag full of spices behind Rem while she carried a large, heavy object?"]



 

“Oh, come on…” Rom sighed. “You two would know that comparison ain’t fair.”

 

["You're such a considerate supervisor, it leaves me speechless!"]

 

[If I’d come back full of myself carrying a little bag while a girl smaller than me lugged
around something huge…and Emilia had seen… Subaru shuddered. Just picturing it is
enough to make me want to die.]

 

“Don’t joke like that, you idiot…!” Otto growled under his breath, wincing at the turn of
phrase that had suddenly transformed into something so incredibly bitter and dangerous.

 

Emilia pursed her lips, which were quirking upwards slightly. “That’s mean,” she chided
tensely, glancing towards where the oni twins were sitting on the opposite side of the room.

 

“Aren’t you two Oni?” Tivey frowned. “Oni with, like, five-hundred times the strength of a
normal human?”

 

Indeed, it was Rem and Ram who came out looking like the shameless ones, to anyone who
even remotely knew what Oni were like.

 

(Frederica refrained from correcting him. Ram's condition was nobody's business but her
own. —And Rem didn't seem to have any excuse at all.)

 

“Ya really just had to bully him, didn’t ya?” Ricardo snickered.

 

Ram didn’t find this memory funny anymore. At one point it had brought a smile to her face,
but now…

 



A lot of happy memories had been poisoned, hadn’t they? And they had all been poisoned by
her own two hands. A poisonous flower, indeed, Ram thought bitterly.

 

["Nee-sama,” Rem said, having returned rather quickly. “Lord Roswaal summons us."]

 

“—Eh?” Crusch asked.

 

Had that…?

 

[Ram instantly straightened herself. "What are you doing, Barusu?” she ordered. “Do
you intend to make Lord Roswaal wait?"]

 

["Just because you two know something doesn't mean I do,” Subaru said, trailing
behind them uncertainly. I’m being treated like a child… “Er, what, this is a meeting
with all the servants?"]

 

Ram watched Subaru straighten his back, in accordance with the lessons that she now knew
had belonged to her, and wanted to cry.

 

["Ohhhh, you were together, were you nooot? That indeed saves me some time."
Roswaal had been waiting just inside the front doors.]

 

[He has the delicate build of a pretty boy, Subaru noted. But that clown makeup puts it all
to waste, doesn’t it…?]

 

—The entire theater seemed to screech to a halt.

 

“…What?” Garfiel asked.

 



"E-Eh?!" Frederica spluttered.

 

“Excuse me??” Otto demanded.

 

“Am I wrong?” Subaru retorted.

 

“Ah—” Feeling very caught off-guard, Ricardo squinted at the screen. “…Maybe not?” he
asked. “Not that— That’s not really the kind of detail that…”

 

Ram slowly turned to stare at Subaru from across the room.

 

[Face aside — usually, Roswaal indulges his eccentric tastes in clothing, Subaru was
noting. This is the first time I’ve seen him in something with geometric patterns, lacking
the usual clownish spirit…]

 

“Geometric sewing patterns,” Anastasia murmured. That was quite some attention to clothes-
making details.

 

["Are you wearing that to go out somewhere?" he asked.]

 

["Precisely,” Roswaal answered. “I actually do not faaavor formal wear like this, either,
but it cannot be heeelped. The other paaarty is troublesome to deal with in normal
attire, so I am forced to go out wearing this."]

 

Garfiel huffed, crossing his arms. He already knew who the clown was talking about with
language like that.

 

—Wait. Did that mean Roswaal was…?

 



[There are only two possibilities as to why… Subaru thought.]

 

[“Entertaining guests?” Rem voiced the first.]

 

[“Going on a trip?” Ram voiced the other.]

 

Anastasia frowned. There had been no guests in previous loops, and the Margrave had always
stayed until the final day…

 

This was suspicious. What had caused him to change his behavior all of a sudden?

 

“The Margrave is notoriously unpredictable,” Julius said uncomfortably. “Perhaps we should
have expected idiosyncrasies like this before now, as well…”

 

Ricardo chuckled a little. “If anyone could be called a wild card, it’d definitely be that one,”
he agreed.

 

["Ram is correct…” Roswaal said, a pained smile on his face. “I am heading out. A
somewhat troooublesome message has arrived, you see. There is something I must check
in the environs of Garfiel, though I do not plan on being very laaate."]

 

“Hah?” Garfiel frowned. “That clown never went off before now…”

 

“Do you remember the Margrave arriving in Sanctuary at around this time?” Otto asked
quietly.

 

“…Maybe? He’d show up every two months or so, and…” Garfiel grimaced. “They blend
together after a while. I can’t remember if this was around one of those times or not.”

 



Otto stared at the meteor. Why was he only now…?

 

What could have changed?

 

Frederica grimaced. She wondered what the Margrave had REALLY been up to, back then.

 

[Garfiel… Subaru thought. Is that the name of a person or a place?]

 

Garfiel coughed into his fist. Otto sighed.

 

“Perhaps he left every time, but this is the only time Subaru was made aware of it…?”
Crusch frowned. “Is that perhaps…?”

 

“No, he was still there on the final day in the first loop,” Wilhelm muttered. “He saw Subaru-
dono in that maid dress… And then there was him sending him off in the third loop, and
witnessing the blue-haired Oni’s death to the curse, so…”

 

Something must have changed. But, what could it have been?

 

["For that reason, I do not believe I shall be back tonight, so… Ram, Rem, I leave
matters in your hands."]

 

That damn Tome must have commanded it of him, Ram surmised. She didn’t say this out
loud, of course.

 

["Yes, if you command it."]

 

["Yes, even at the cost of my life."]



 

[Roswaal glanced at Subaru.]

 

Otto curled his lip. Had the Margrave’s foul personality been expecting Subaru to—?

 

["Sorry,” Subaru said. “I'm not loyal enough to swear even at the cost of my life yet."]

 

Tivey pressed his lips together.

 

“Bullshit,” Ferris snapped, voice raw and angry. “Absolute bullshit, nyew fucking…!”

 

He couldn’t even finish the insult. Fresh tears were dripping down his face. Subaru stared
back at him, at a loss for what to do.

 

["That is fine and weeell,” Roswaal said, patting his shoulder. “If you swore that all of a
sudden, it would feel raaather disconcerting. But I leave things in yooour hands as well,
Subaru.”]

 

“Wonder how he’d feel if he knew…” Mimi trailed off.

 

It sounded like Lord Roswaal took not loyalty nor death lightly. If that were the case, how
would he feel, if he knew that his brand new servant boy had already…?

 

Mimi wondered how she would feel. “Angry” was the only word she could really use to
describe it, and yet it still felt like the descriptor fell short.

 

“Can’t imagine he’d be alright with it,” Hetaro muttered. The Margrave was many things, but
he was not the type of monster who would take a situation like this lightly.

 



[“This has a fishy aroma to it. I can cooount on you to take care of Lady Emilia, yes?"]

 

Felt blinked. “—Did that clown get tipped off to danger being in the area this time?” she
wondered.

 

Rom frowned. “Felt?”

 

“Big Bro got cursed a day early, this time,” Felt said. “Maybe the second-to-last day was
when the clown was less busy, and therefore more able to notice this time around…”

 

It was a good a theory as anything else, Rachins supposed.

 

["Yeah, you can seriously count on me for that." That goes without saying.]

 

It did. It really, really did.

 

[—This never happened before, Subaru noted. Maybe this means that my actions have
truly changed the world around me…]

 

Otto scowled.

 

["Well, theeen, I shall be off,” Roswaal said, walking out through the door. “I pray that
nothing shall occuuur."]

 

Otto scowled even further. He didn’t trust that the Margrave hadn’t known anything.

 

[Wait, Subaru suddenly thought. There isn’t any carriage or anything. Surely Roswaal
isn’t going to walk—]



 

["Well, I leave it in your hands.”]


 

[And then Roswaal sailed up into the sky at high speed before flying off into the
distance.]

 

Wilhelm blinked, and then slowly nodded in appreciation. Using magic to fly like that was
truly a feat.

 

“Then again, this is the Margrave…” he murmured. He supposed that Roswaal L. Mathers
used magic in this manner all the time.

 

“Wilhelm-san?” Crusch had a somewhat blank look on her face.

 

Wilhelm gave her a somewhat strained smile. That was right: without her memories, Lady
Crusch probably didn’t know enough to be impressed by this.

 

["H-He flew…” Subaru managed, wide-eyed with amazement. “Geez, magic's amazing
stuff."]

 

Then again, Subaru had known even less back then than Lady Crusch did now, and his eyes
were still starry with wonder.

 

Frederica couldn't help but chuckle at those eyes. She remembered that wonder, she thought...

 

“It’s very high-level magic,” Julius said, nodding. “Not surprising in the least that the Red,
Green, and Yellow Mage is capable of it, but it is quite an incredible sight to behold
nonetheless.”

 

“Hmm.” Subaru rested his cheek in his palm.



 

[Neither Rem nor Ram shared his admiration, clearly accustomed to their Master’s
ways.]

 

Rachins pressed his lips together. That man must travel like that all the time then, he thought,
somewhat bitterly. Is it really that convenient, or is he just showing off?

 

He wasn’t jealous. He definitely wasn’t jealous.

 

["Even if Master Roswaal is absent, our duties do not change,” Rem said. “Indeed, the
fact that he is not present means we must be even more diligent.”]

 

["That's a nice professional attitude. Okay, then, let's get this started!"]

 

Increased diligence would definitely be a benefit, Anastasia nodded. Perhaps this was the
Margrave’s roundabout way of giving this boy some assistance, when he himself was not
aware of what danger lay ahead? It was a very convoluted thought process, but she knew
better than to expect straightforward logic from Roswaal L. Mathers.

 

Otto gritted his teeth. Had the Margrave perhaps wanted to give the twins space to instigate a
fight, if they saw fit?

 

He didn’t know what benefit that would carry, with that man. But he also did not trust that
man to have anything but foul intentions.

 

[This change clearly puts the twins more on guard than usual, which is a relief, Subaru
thought. But I’m even more on guard than them. If Roswaal noticed something is off, then
my visit to the village must have triggered the attack, just as I thought…even made it
happen a day early.]

 

“So, they were targeting…?” Crusch trailed off.



 

“Yes.” Ram barely moved her lips as she answered the Royal Candidate. “The assassin who
used the mabeasts had been targeting the staff of the Mathers Estate.”

 

Who had ordered it was still unknown, but — they knew that much, at least.

 

[—I need to find out who the shaman is ASAP…!]

 

["So, it's that time again, Beako!"]

 

Beatrice exhaled slowly, remembering her old annoyance at Subaru’s aggravating habit.

 

["Really…?” her onscreen self sighed. “How do you breach Betty’s Door Crossing with
such ease…?"]

 

["Intuition. It's all intuition. I've got a sixth sense about these things."]

 

“Goes beyond that at this point,” Julius chuckled.

 

It was rare, to find someone with such a high spirit affinity. Rarer still, for someone like that
to be placed in the same vicinity as a powerful spirit who matched with them so well. And
Subaru had been thrust into that position within his first day in Lugunica.

 

It was a rare stroke of good fortune for Subaru — even if Julius was fairly certain that he had
been driving Beatrice mad in the process.

 

["Another half a day and you have yet a different expression,” Beatrice noted. “I
suppose you are a busy sort?"]

 



["Hey, I want to take it easy, too. But the world's enough of a mess that it's not exactly
giving me the chance. —I want you to check something for me, so I finished cleaning the
bath in record time."]

 

The theater paused.

 

“Wait,” Tivey said. “You still went and…?”

 

["If cleaning the bath came first, surely it is no great affair?"]

 

“You…” Hetaro’s voice was beginning to darken. “Before you — you took the time to clean
the bath?”

 

“Do you not value your life?!” Mimi exploded. Subaru flinched. Several other members of
the audience were turning alongside her, a complementary look of anger spreading across
their faces. “First you don’t hurry back from the village and let the twins bully you all the
way until it’s almost SUNSET and you’re still cursed, and then you take the time and go—!”

 

[Time in the bath is one of the few respites in a world of few pastimes, Subaru answered
inwardly. Just thinking of Rem's reaction if she found out I slacked off in cleaning that
place of rest was enough to give me chills…!]

 

Mimi abruptly cut herself off, freezing in place as though she had just been abruptly soaked
with a bucket full of icy water.

 

Rachins swallowed. Felt patted him on the shoulder, wincing.

 

“Oh,” Julius murmured.

 

Reinhard looked as though he were about to be sick.



 

Anastasia took a deep breath. Exhaled. —She had assumed something like this might be the
case.

 

[Getting along with her big sister had put my friendship rating with Rem in the dumps
before, Subaru continued. Even if I locate the shaman, poor relations with Rem means I
can’t escape a BAD END. I have to advance along both routes simultaneously — feels like
walking a tightrope.]

 

“Guys…” Subaru trailed off, looking very unsure about what to say.

 

Garfiel attempted to smile back at him, but there was a rawness there that twisted his face
regardless. Memories of Sanctuary itched at the back of his mind, making his stomach churn.
If Subaru had, back then—

 

Otto kept his face carefully blank and unassuming, successfully avoiding looking like he
wanted to scream.

 

Beatrice huddled close to the jar, eyes somewhat dull. She couldn’t reach Subaru with the
glass wall in the way, after all.

 

Frederica kept her posture carefully relaxed, trying her best not to worry him. She didn't think
she was doing a very good job, if the look on his face was any indication of that.

 

—Emilia successfully smiled back at Subaru, even though she wanted to cry. “It’s oh-kay,
Subaru,” she said softly. “It’s oh-kay.”

 

There — wasn’t really anything else she knew that she could say.

 

["If it was just a problem of which girl to get lovey-dovey with, I'd be real happy,
but..."]



 

Ram had wasted so much time, going along with that plot to force Subaru to carry that heavy
load all on his own. Subaru had been in horrible danger, and she had purposefully wasted so
much time, just to…!

 

Subaru had nearly died to the curse once again, even while knowing that it had been placed
— all because he had been too afraid of Rem to put off cleaning the bath for her. Rem stared
at the meteor in disbelief. Surely, surely she hadn’t been the type of woman who—!

 

(But Rem hadn’t thought that she was the type of person to stoop to torture, either. She didn’t
really know this version of herself at all, did she?)

 

(Reinhard watched all of this from his place by the jar, and wanted to kick himself for not
heading this whole mess off at the start.)

 

["Are you wandering off topic again, I wonder…?” Beatrice scowled. “What did you
want of me, then?"]

 

["Ah, yeah, about that...” Subaru straightened up. "I think there's a little curse on me,”
he finally declared. “Can you check?"]

 

["…What are you saying, I wonder?"]

 

["I think there's a little curse on me. Can you check?"]

 

“It would have sounded unbelievable,” Felt muttered.

 

“Definitely,” Rom said grimly. “Asking about curses — and then the next day…?”

 



And if proven true immediately afterwards — well. There was more than one conclusion that
could be drawn from something like that.

 

["I did not tell you to repeat yourself!” Beatrice yelled, storming over. “Has it been even
half a day since we spoke about shamans in detail, I wonder?! Even gullibility has its
limits—”]

 

Tivey inhaled quickly. Would she not even bother to—?

 

[Suddenly, she stopped.]

 

Hetaro waited with bated breath.

 

["I sense a curse rite…” she breathed. “You truly have been cursed."]

 

Mimi exhaled slowly. She had been worried…

 

But she had checked anyway. Perhaps she really was a kind spirit.

 

"She really did always care, didn't she...?" Frederica murmured.

 

(Eridna said nothing, just like always.)

 

["Seriously?!” Subaru paled. “I mean, I figured as much, but having it actually said out
loud is still kind of a shock…”]

 

[So… One of those lighthearted villagers really had been…!]

 



“Would he have forgiven them, too?”

 

Rachins started. “Eh?” he asked.

 

“If it really had been one of those villagers,” Rem said softly, too softly for most to hear her.
“Would he have forgiven them, too?”

 

“…He forgave me, too, apparently,” Rachins muttered, turning away. “So — probably.”

 

He already did exactly that. He makes her dolls and toys, and keeps her company in her very
own bedroom in the Estate he now calls home.

 

Ram could not bring herself to say any of that out loud.

 

["Do you know what kind of curse it is?" Subaru was asking.]

 

["I can say nothing from merely seeing the rite. But as we discussed, the odds are
extremely strong that it is a curse to take your life."]

 

[Beatrice waited for him to react — only to see him calmly accept her statement.]

 

["…You do not look like you think dying is a frightening thing, you know?”]

 

Everyone in the theater had some sort of reaction to that. Unease (Anastasia hissed softly to
herself), fear (Tivey shrank into himself), anger (Otto just barely refrained from punching his
fist into the floor), despair (Ferris flinched, ever so slightly)…

 

Emilia swallowed. She didn’t know what she was feeling.



 

["Huh?” Subaru scowled. “What a stupid thing to say. I'm super scared of dying.
There's nothing more frightening in this world than death. People who say there's worse
stuff than dying should say that after they've tried death once or twice."]

 

[I can’t stand it being treated lightly, or comparing it to other things by those who haven’t
experienced it…!]

 

“Make up nyer mind,” Ferris muttered. “Is it that bad, or isn’t…?”

 

Wilhelm hesitatingly put a hand on his colleague’s shoulder. He wondered if Ferris even
noticed how he leaned into the point of contact, shivering all over.

 

Crusch wondered what her knight really saw, between those glazed and broken eyes of his.

 

["So, could you lift that little curse for me?” Subaru asked Beatrice. “I'm short on time
here."]

 

[“…Why do I have to save your life, I wonder?"]

 

Even as he refused to look at the meteor, Ferris flinched violently. The rest of the theater
exploded into notice.

 

“WHAT?!” Mimi shrieked.

 

“You’d just leave him to — again?!” Hetaro cried.

 

“Mimi thought you were— you were—!”

 



“Onii-chan, Onee-chan—!” Tivey tried to shout.

 

“You fucking—” Rachins gasped.

 

“Rachins,” Felt interrupted. “Rachins, Big Bro survived this, so—”

 

Rom stayed silent — not because he didn’t want to say something, but because he didn’t
know what he could say.

 

“I’m sure it was just a joke,” Ricardo tried. “I’m sure it—”

 

“She did leave him before,” Julius mused. “Spirits are not human, after all…”

 

Tivey looked like he was on the verge of a panic attack. Ricardo shot the knight a glare. “Not
helping, Julius—!”

 

“All of ya need to chill out,” Anastasia said, kindly but firmly. “Natsuki-kun survives. We
already know that.”

 

“Felix,” Wilhelm muttered urgently. “Felix, it’s…!”

 

Ferris was giggling madly to himself. I hate this, he laughed. I hate this. I hate you. I hate all
of you. I hate this world, and the Witch, and Od Laguna, and everything else—!

 

“Ferris, please,” Crusch pleaded. “Please, at least try to…!”

 

Reinhard stared straight ahead. That was alright. It was not Beatrice’s job to save people: that
was a job that belonged to Reinhard.



 

“She wouldn’t have,” Garfiel muttered. “She wouldn’t actually have — right?”

 

She already did. For Garfiel’s sake, Otto did not say that out loud.

 

Frederica — didn't know what to believe, really.

 

“You wouldn’t have, Beatrice,” Emilia murmured. “You wouldn’t have refused to…right?”

 

Beatrice said nothing, because it didn’t really matter.

 

Rem and Ram sat silent, in agreement on one thing: neither of them had the right to judge
Beatrice, not even one bit.

 

["I thought you might say something un-cute like that,” Subaru said, scratching his
head. “So I came beforehand with a way to convince you.”]

 

Beatrice didn’t even have the energy to flinch.

 

Even before she had been able to tell him that she was joking, Subaru had assumed that…

 

How foolish I have been, in fact.

 

[“If I die, it'll make Puck sad, too."]

 

["…Would Bubby’s heart be greatly moved by your demise, I wonder?"]

 



["No, no, if I die, it'll be a pretty huge shock to Emilia. If it's a shock to Emilia, that'll
hurt Puck, too. And especially you, the one who could've stopped it beforehand!"]

 

["You are completely touched in the head, unable to distinguish begging for your life
from using it as a threat!"]

 

It didn’t seem that Subaru had been taking the Great Spirit’s comment very seriously. It also
seemed as though the Great Spirit had been sorely disappointed by this development. Had she
only said it in an attempt to get under his skin, Julius wondered?

 

—Emilia smiled weakly. “You do love to tease him,” she whispered. 

 

Beatrice just wanted to go back in time so that she could give herself a kick from behind.

 

["I suppose I shall yield.” Beatrice gave up. “However, do not bother me any further,
ever!"]

 

["To be honest, I can't promise you that, either. If I'm in trouble, I'll be back to ask for
your help. I'll pick the scraps from your table if I have to."]

 

["Are you even aware that I am saving your life, I wonder?!”]

 

Otto sighed, slouching. “Natsuki-san could stand to take more things seriously,” he muttered.
Garfiel just laughed, far too relieved to do anything else.

 

“…Mimi guesses she is a good spirit after all,” Mimi said sourly. “But she has a very rotten
sense of humor!”

 

Hetaro sighed. Tivey nodded in assent. Ricardo was just glad they had all managed to calm
down.



 

—She always would have helped him, then, Frederica surmised. So long as Subaru thought
to ask, Beatrice would always...

 

["I'm super aware that I'm annoying you with weakling logic. Sorry."]

 

Wilhelm shrank in on himself. Weakling logic — that wasn’t how he would describe this at
all. To rely on a person’s loved ones for help was a wonderful thing. Even if Subaru seemed
to have a difficult time, choosing people who actually deserved that love.

 

He would have brushed off these comments, perhaps, if he had not seen them in context with
everything else. And that knowledge scared him on a level he rarely understood.

 

["I shall now destroy the curse rite,” Beatrice finally declared, reaching for him with
the palm of her hand. “Bear in mind that it is implanted in the place where the shaman
touches your body directly."]

 

Rom exhaled slowly. Even if Subaru hadn’t taken careful note of all the places everyone had
touched him in the village—

 

["Sure, don't worry, I'm all set."]

 

—Rom knew that it would be hard to miss it, when the curse began to rise from the still-
visible bite mark marring the skin of his hand.

 

[If Beatrice moves her hand to my butt, I’ll know that the granny was the perpetrator,
Subaru thought to himself. I’ll also complain to Beatrice about sexual harassment…]

 

“Stupid contractor,” Beatrice sighed.

 



“Quite the time to be telling jokes like that,” Julius murmured.

 

“It’s the perfect time, for a boy like him,” Ricardo answered quietly. “If that kid doesn’t keep
his spirits up somehow, when things get bad, then…”

 

He didn’t finish that sentence, but he didn’t need to. Julius swallowed, and then he conceded
the point.

 

["—Eh?"]

 

“Ah,” Anastasia said. A feeling of disgust welled up inside of her at the sight of—

 

[Itchy…oozing out…that was inside of me?]

 

Julius curled his lip at the sight of the curse leaving Subaru’s hand. “Gross,” he muttered.

 

["Must you be so abominable, I wonder?" Beatrice crushed the black cloud in her
hand, and then shook it as if having touched something icky.]

 

“Indeed, I suppose,” the Great Spirit agreed stonily.

 

That thing — had killed her contractor twice. She hadn’t believed that she could hold any
more disgust towards curses like this, but now it felt as though the very sight of that sickly
thing was curdling her insides.

 

["It is done,” Beatrice huffed at a silent Subaru. “I suppose you will be fine now?"]

 

Crusch hummed at the look on Subaru’s face, lips pressing themselves into a thin line for a
moment before she spoke. “So,” she clarified. “That’s when you figured it out?”



 

["Hey, Beako."]

 

["Would you stop addressing me that way already…?”]

 

[“Is that place you touched with your palm the place the shaman touched me?”]

 

[Faced with an unusually serious Subaru, Beatrice nodded silently.]

 

“Yeah,” Subaru muttered. He didn’t find the memory all that pleasant.

 

Crusch probably hadn’t needed to ask, but — it was good to just, confirm it. For her own
peace of mind.

 

["I've got to…go to the village—!”]

 

[I originally planned to wait until the next day, go to the village with Roswaal and the
twins, flush the shaman in the village out of hiding, and deal with it then, Subaru thought,
racing through the hallways of the manor. But I can’t do that now…!]

 

“I would have preferred that plan so much more,” Emilia groaned. But of course — he was
right about not having enough time.

 

Still, though. If he had just told her what was…!

 

But they had already gone over that whole conversation, hadn’t they?

 

(It didn’t stop her heart from clenching, when she remembered what was coming next.



 

[Subaru didn’t even hear Beatrice calling out for him to stop.]

 

Beatrice watched as Subaru raced away from her crying voice, and she thought she felt
something shrivel up inside of her.

 

“Beako…?”

 

Beatrice did not look at him. “What did we say about apologies, I wonder?”

 

["Just how far…” he cursed, aiming at Fate itself. “…are you gonna take playing me
for a fool?! —Ram! Rem! I've gotta talk to you!"]

 

["What is it, Barusu?” Ram said as she appeared, having apparently been working
nearby. Her eyes narrowed at his improper, heavy-breathing face. “Your haste is quite
unsightly."]

 

Ram remembered this. For the first few days, she had always managed to position herself so
that she was in arm’s reach of her new charge — in case he was a spy, but also in case he was
ever in need of her.

 

She had taken to that role with such pride. Ram would never have admitted aloud how fond
she was of Subaru, but she would have been bold about doing everything assigned to her with
grace, dignity, and pride. Her role as Subaru’s older servant of the Estate had been something
that she had…

 

And yet — that prideful Nee-sama was just one side of the coin that Subaru had found
himself flipping time and again. And Ram was not the sort of shameless woman who could
only say that coin was hers when it came up heads.

 



["Sorry, I'm heading to the village. You can't stop me; I'll go even if you try. I just
thought it'd throw everyone off even worse if I just left without a word."]

 

Frederica grimaced. But she already knew that, didn't she? That was just the kind of boy that
Subaru was.

 

["The village…? Why would you…?” Ram shook her head, and then glared at him
sharply. “No, more importantly, do you intend to disregard Lord Roswaal's
instructions? Tonight, Rem and I are in charge of this mansion. Surely you understand
this?"]

 

“It’s a reasonable thing to say,” Anastasia muttered. “In most cases, it is a servant’s duty to
follow their Master’s wishes to the letter. And to her, Natsuki-kun would seem…”

 

Childish. Mischievous. Overly-imaginative. Prone to mistakes.

 

None of this was Subaru’s fault, really — but it would be a hindrance nonetheless.

 

["Time's short, so I'll get right to the point. There's a bad magic user in Earlham
Village. I know who it is, so I have to go now."]

 

["…You ask me to accept what sounds like a child's made-up excuse?"]

 

“You didn’t believe him?” Mimi growled, her eyes glinting with hostility.

 

Ram barely even noticed. “I eventually did,” she said distantly. “But — at first, it had just
seemed so…childish.”

 

“Doubting him was reasonable, from her point of view,” Anastasia said to Mimi gently. “Ya
can understand that, right?”



 

Mimi reluctantly nodded, averting her sour gaze.

 

["I can't help it, there's no other way to put it here. Go talk to Beako; you'll see I'm
telling the truth. Besides…”]

 

["Nee-sama.” Having appeared to see Ram and Subaru speaking in the entry hall, Rem
immediately headed to her sister’s side. “What is...?"]

 

["He says he is heading out to rid us of an evil magic user in the village,” Ram answered
bluntly.]

 

Wilhelm exhaled slowly. “It really does sound…”

 

Ferris’ ear twitched. He said nothing.

 

Crusch would not have doubted him, she knew. Crusch could thank her [Divine Protection of
Wind Reading] for that. —It was the second time that Crusch had thought such a thing, and it
didn’t feel any more like true gratitude this time than it had before.

 

["Nee-sama, Nee-sama. Subaru's joke is not very funny."]

 

["Rem, Rem. Barusu thinks he has a future in comedy."]

 

["Ram, Rem,” Subaru said, boldly taking a step forward. “I might kid around all the
time, but I talk seriously sometimes, too."]

 

Ram watched Subaru borrow her and her sister’s way of playful speaking, and the heartfelt
intimacy of such a teasing response made her want to throw up.



 

["I know it's an unbelievable story, and it's asking too much for you to just take my
word for it right now. But I'm not asking you to let me go without any conditions."
Subaru wet his lips with his tongue, and then made his proposal. “—I'm going to the
village. If you think that's suspicious, fine, tag along. Watch me and see. But I'm not
going with Emilia left all alone, so it has to be just one of you."]

 

And then a sudden realization made her nausea grow tenfold.

 

“—I didn’t go with him,” Ram breathed.

 

The theater went still.

 

["You cannot simply go off on your own,” Rem objected. “In the first place, neither
Nee-sama nor I have any reason to go with you if we are to uphold Lord Roswaal's
command…"]

 

["No, you don't,” Subaru agreed. “If Roswaal's command in the evening is the only one
you're upholding. Are those the only orders Roswaal gave about me?"]

 

“I never went with him that night,” Ram said. “I watched from afar, but…”

 

That had always been — rather odd, hadn’t it? After all, Roswaal had specifically ordered her
to—

 

[It’s a total bluff, Subaru thought. But, judging by Rem’s look right now, it seems I was
totally right about them being ordered to keep an eye on me…]

 

She had assumed that her clairvoyance had counted as “keeping an eye on him” — but
wasn’t it strange, that she had allowed him to stray so far from her side without supervision?



When she had put so much effort into surreptitiously aligning her chores in a way that would
allow her to keep him at arm’s length, those first few days?

 

["Understood, Barusu,” Ram exhaled, raising a white flag. “We will accept your
independent action."]

 

["Nee-sama?!"]

 

Ram felt a cold, cold knot forming in her stomach. “I didn’t…” she breathed.

 

But of course she had. She wouldn’t have had any reason not to, right?

 

["However,“ Ram added, motioning for her little sister to quiet down. “As you said, we
cannot allow you to go alone, Barusu. Allowing you to act alone here would in itself
disregard Lord Roswaal's commands."]

 

A couple of people had begun to tune out, when it became clear that everything was
following the same path that everyone remembered. There wasn’t anything to worry about,
after all, because even if Subaru DID get hurt — everyone knew that he would survive this
time.

 

But now those drifting eyes snapped into focus, because—

 

["I figured as much. So what's our compromise gonna be?”]

 

"If you didn't, then..." Everyone could see the moment Frederica realized what had happened.

 

“What…” Rachins bared his teeth. “What did you…?”

 



“Rachins,” Felt muttered, putting a hand on his shoulder. “Not now.”

 

Rom very carefully didn’t say anything, even as the rest of the theater turned to look Rem’s
way.

 

Rem couldn’t even be insulted by the fearful suspicion aimed her way, because the exact
same dread had begun to rear its head in her very own stomach.

 

["Though it pains me, we have no choice but to go along with your prior suggestion,”
Ram confirmed. “Rem will accompany you."]

 

Most in the theater had already figured it out, but understanding and understanding were two
different things.

 

“He was so hurt when he came back,” Emilia whispered. “He nearly…”

 

She remembered it as a series of Mabeast-inflicted injuries. But — was that really what had
happened, that night in the woods?

 

["Ask and ye shall receive, I guess." Subaru thrust out a clenched fist. Ram sighed a
little at his frivolity, turning to her little sister.]

 

“He was hurt?”

 

Rem, of course, did not remember anything — but she had heard Lady Emilia’s murmur from
across the room.

 

Rom exhaled slowly. “Yeah,” he admitted. “He told me all about it a month later, as well as a
couple other incidents. —All I remember from his retelling of this episode is the Wolgarm,
but…”



 

But there was no guarantee that his memory was accurate. There wasn’t even any guarantee
that Subaru hadn’t — left out some details, in another attempt to spare Rem the hassle of
others knowing what she had done.

 

“He almost died,” Ram said quietly. “We all thought he was going to die from his injuries. …
I’m still not sure how he survived it.”

 

Rem swallowed.

 

["Rem, this is how it is, so, please. I shall confirm matters with Lady Beatrice and
protect Lady Emilia myself. —I shall be watching you from here."]

 

["Nee-sama, you must not use that eye too oft—"]

 

["This is no time to say that. I will use it if I need to. The same goes for you, Rem."]

 

“Her clairvoyance,” Mimi recalled aloud, thinking back to how she had first met the woman
during the fight against the Witch Cult. Nearby, Wilhelm pressed his lips together at the
memory of Subaru suddenly insisting upon those signs.

 

Then the old man abruptly went still.

 

—Subaru had suddenly insisted upon those signs out of nowhere. It hadn’t made any sense at
the time, but had he maybe…?

 

["Subaru-kun, I would like to hear the details."]

 

[“I’ll tell you along the way. Things might’ve already gotten pretty bad, though.”]



 

What else will you do to him? Rem wondered pleadingly. What else will you do to that boy—
to Subaru? What else did you…?

 

To everyone else, it was still at least something of a question. To Rem, the answer was a
foregone conclusion.

 

(Of course she had hurt him once again. Of course she…)

 

[Probably fifteen minutes to the village if we run straight there—]

 

["—Subaru,” Emilia’s voice suddenly said. “Where are you going?"]

 

Emilia winced. She remembered this, she knew. That knowledge was both a warm comfort
and a knife straight through her heart.

 

She’d had no idea, what it was that Subaru had actually been planning to—

 

["I thought I'd come down because I heard a loud voice earlier…” Emilia said, having
arrived at the top of the staircase. “Did something happen?"]

 

["Something…might've happened,” Subaru said haltingly. “You don't need to worry.
Ah, I'll be happy if you worry a little bit."]

 

“He’s not going to tell her,” Ricardo grimaced.

 

“He isn’t,” Ram confirmed softly. “He should have — he really, really should have — but he
never did.”

 



["Your face says you're going to do something dangerous again,” Emilia said in a sullen
tone, seeing right through him.]

 

[Subaru winced. She saw through me so easily…!]

 

Wilhelm exhaled slowly. It was a very boyish thing, to go and do dangerous things behind a
woman’s back so that she wouldn’t worry — or worse, do the dangerous things herself.

 

But Emilia was so much stronger than Subaru, and Subaru was so, so much more vulnerable
than Emilia.

 

“Stupid,” Ferris muttered. He curled in on himself. “Stupid, stupid, stupid — what are nyew
doing, nyew weakling…?”

 

(Even as a man, Ferris would never be anywhere as strong as Lady Crusch. He had accepted
this fact a long, long time ago.)

 

["That's what we were arguing about just now,” he admitted. “We finally got
everything cleared up, so…"]

 

["There's no point trying to stop you, is there?"]

 

Anastasia sucked in a sharp breath — and then exhaled.

 

To Emilia, this boy probably seemed shockingly capable, considering how he had saved her
from the notorious Bowel Hunter just a few days prior. Furthermore, in her mind, he would
only be going down to the village under her sponsor’s protection, which she would have
understandably assumed was perhaps only a little less safe than it usually was — and with an
oni by his side for protection, no less. Why should she have expected anything to go all that
wrong?

 



That knot in her stomach refuses to go away.

 

["Well, not really,” Subaru admitted. “And if you succeeded, it'd only make things
worse..."]

 

["Yes, yes, I understand,” Emilia sighed, walking down the stairs and stopping just in
front of him, hands on her hips. “I won't stop you."]

 

I should have stopped you, Emilia thought with despair.

 

Frederica wondered what she would have done, if it had been herself standing there instead
of Lady Emilia. She really didn't know.

 

[Subaru stared into those amethyst eyes. I can’t look away…!]

 

["Even if I tell you not to be reckless or careless, you probably will anyway, won't you?"
Emilia asked, reaching out to touch his chest.]

 

["If that's what it takes… Ah, er, not that I want to do either, mind you."]

 

Beatrice scowled. Subaru never wanted to, but he always seemed to conclude that the only
way forward was to…

 

“I should have stopped you,” Emilia whispered, shaking her head. “I should have gone in
your place. I should have…!”

 

But “should have”s meant nothing when everything had already long been said and done.

 



(The image of Subaru’s bloody figure, on the verge of death as he clung to life by a thread,
flashed across the underside of Emilia’s eyelids.) (Had it really been the Wolgarm, who—?)

 

[If I really am the only one who can change the situation, then I have to act, even if I have
to do it recklessly, Subaru thought. I wonder where I picked up such a troublesome
personality…]

 

Otto exhaled slowly. That troublesome personality would be the death of him, he could
already tell that much.

 

[It probably has something to do with the girl I'm staring at right now.]

 

Wilhelm winced. In other circumstances, or perhaps just a few hours ago, he would find that
thought of Subaru’s to be adorable. Now he just found it concerning.

 

Emilia felt very, very cold.

 

["—May the grace of the spirits be with you,” Emilia murmured, unaware of what he
was thinking.]

 

["What was that?" Subaru asked.]

 

["Words you say when seeing someone off,” Emilia said, smiling. “They mean 'come
back safely.'"]

 

“Do you not say that, where you come from?” Anastasia murmured.

 

“We…” Subaru swallowed. “We say something else.”

 



Anastasia waited, but Subaru didn’t elaborate, and she could tell that he didn’t want her to
press for answers right now.

 

["Ahh, I see. Got it, Emilia-tan. So when I do come back safe and sound, you'll gently
hug me to your chest like a baby chick, right?"]

 

["Yes, yes."]

 

Subaru braced himself, but everyone in the theater was far too tense to tease him for that. He
felt oddly disappointed.

 

["Be careful, Rem,” Emilia ordered. “Also, make sure Subaru doesn't do anything
rash."]

 

Emilia hissed softly.

 

["Yes, Lady Emilia.” Rem curtsied politely. “As you wish."]

 

Ricardo glared silently at the screen, daring the maid to interpret that order in the worst way
possible. Tivey grimaced, eyeing his bristling siblings worriedly.

 

["Well, Emilia-tan, I'm heading off."]

 

["Take care."]

 

(Imperceptibly, at the far side of the room, Subaru flinched.)

 

[And with that, both Subaru and Rem were gone.]



 

“So she’s the one who hurt him,” Mimi said darkly.

 

Tivey started. “Onee-chan—!”

 

It was too late: Subaru had heard. He turned to face them abruptly. “Huh?”

 

For a moment, they were quiet.

 

“You were — injured, at around this time period,” Hetaro said haltingly. “Some sort of fight.
Our reports said it was from a skirmish with some Mabeasts, but…” he trailed off.

 

“…But what?” Subaru said forcefully. “That’s what happened. —What exactly are you trying
to imply here?”

 

The theater was silent. Nobody wanted to say it — but Subaru heard it anyway.

 

“Oh don’t you even TRY it,” he snapped.

 

“Subaru—” Reinhard tried to say, but it was to no avail.

 

“Rem didn’t hurt me!” Subaru declared. “Rem didn’t do anything like that! She saved my life
out there, even— Why are the lot of you being so unfair to her?!”

 

Rem shrank in on herself. The suspicion was one thing, but somehow Subaru’s defense of her
felt just…

 



“Oh, and we’re supposed to believe you?!” Rachins asked scathingly. “After all that talk
about how she didn’t do anything wrong when she — we’re supposed to believe what you’re
saying about her NOW?!”

 

“He’s got a point, kid,” Ricardo said grimly. “I trust ya with most things, but — ya haven’t
exactly earned my confidence when it comes to the little lady.”

 

“Subaru, I…” Julius swallowed. “You are one of my most trusted comrades, and I will
always believe in you when it comes down to it,” he said. “But — with this, with HER, I
just…”

 

Subaru gaped at him in disbelief.

 

“Don’t look so shocked, Natsuki-kun,” Anastasia chided gently. “I know ya — I know ya like
that girl, but…you gotta understand how this looks.”

 

“How it looks and how it is are two different things!” Subaru retorted. “And anyway —
Crusch!” Crusch flinched. “You know I’m not lying! I’m not lying at all, so can’t you listen
to me?”

 

“You’re not — lying,” Crusch agreed slowly. “But…that doesn’t mean you’re telling the
truth.”

 

The theater was silent for a long moment.

 

“So, what?” Subaru demanded. “You think I’m — I’m crazy?!”

 

“We don’t—” Wilhelm tried to assure him, but Ferris interrupted him before he could.

 

“Nyes,” the healer snapped. “There is nyo word for — this — besides insanyity, Subaru.
Nyew— To kill nyerself for the sake of someone who would torture nyew to death at the drop



of a hat?!” His tail lashed. “We cannyot trust a word nyew say about that girl. Absolutely
nyot.”

 

“You’ve been insane since—” Rachins abruptly cut himself off. “If you don’t wanna get hurt
—!”

 

“Big Bro, I respect you a whole bunch,” Felt said uncomfortably. “But, when it comes to
this…”

 

Rom pressed his lips together and said nothing.

 

Subaru sputtered, looking around the room — but nobody was objecting at all. They just
looked back at him as one.

 

After a long moment, Subaru whipped around to face his Camp. “Rem didn’t hurt me at all!”
he cried. “Seriously, she was — you believe me, right?!”

 

“Captain…” Garfiel trailed off, at a loss for words.

 

“Natsuki-san,” Otto sighed. “I want to believe you, really, but…”

 

“Your judgement seems a little — flawed, when it comes to Rem, in fact,” Beatrice agreed
uneasily. “I— Betty hopes that you’re right, but she can’t…”

 

Frederica grimaced. She knew Ram well enough to trust that she would have good judgement
this time around — but she really didn't know Rem at all.

 

Subaru stared at them for a long moment, and then turned to face the other three members of
his Camp.

 



“I— trust you, Subaru,” Emilia said haltingly. “But…”

 

I don’t trust HER.

 

“There’s really nothing to be worried about!” Subaru tried to sound reassuring, but his voice
was a little too intense for that. “Rem didn’t do anything wrong! I know that seeing her
before was — a bit of a shock — but seriously, you’re taking this way too—!”

 

“Subaru.”

 

Subaru froze for a moment, and then whipped around to stare at the person who had spoken.
“Rem—!”

 

“Subaru,” Rem interrupted. She tried to keep her voice gentle. “I appreciate that you’re trying
to defend me. Really, I do. But…”

 

She trailed off. How could she even begin to describe the way that every word this boy spoke
felt as though it were twisting a knife further and further into her chest?

 

“…R…Rem—” Subaru swallowed, and then turned to his last hope. “Nee-sama,” he pleaded.
“Nee-sama, you believe me — right? Rem wouldn’t…!”

 

Ram stared back at him for a long, long moment. There were a lot of things rushing through
her mind. Anger, fright, dread, resignation — “How could you ask me that?” “Why did I
allow her to do that?” “Why should I trust you about anything anymore, after you—?!”

 

There were a lot of ways she could have responded to him, in that moment. There were a lot
of things that she wanted to say to him, in that moment. It would likely take her hours to say
it all. All of it would be true.

 

“You have been referring to me as your Nee-sama for a year.”



 

That reply — spoken in that tone — it summarized pretty much everything, didn’t it?

 

["There's a shaman in the village to hurt Emilia's royal selection,” Subaru was telling
Rem as they ran. “He cursed me good, but Beatrice removed it. If we don’t act now, the
whole village could be wiped out.”]

 

[Rem's breath caught, her eyes going wide. "Are you...serious?"]

 

[Subaru nodded silently.]

 

For a long moment, Subaru choked on his words, trying to find a way to respond to that. The
people of the theater watched him with a varying range of discomfort and sadness.

 

“F-Fine!” he finally snapped. “If you don’t believe me, then — just see for yourself, why
don’t you?!”

 

Rem grimaced. She really hoped that he was telling the truth. She really, really hoped that he
was.

 

[The two kept running, off to where nobody whose perspective they could trust
remembered what had happened next.]

Chapter End Notes

So, fun fact: although it’s translated differently, Emilia and Naoko both say the same
thing to Subaru in Japanese. I wanted to include that little detail :)

Side Stories included:

[The World Petra Saw]



EDIT: Comment moderation has now been enabled.



Chapter 14: Mangy Mutt (Arc 2, Part 9)
Chapter Summary

Into the woods we go! But can Subaru's loved ones really, REALLY be trusted??

Chapter Notes

Alright. I'm back.

Listen: I am a person, not a fictional character. I do not enjoy being gossiped about, or
talked down to, or insulted by random strangers, or hunted down and dragged into
fights, or being made the subject of public forum posts dedicated to invasive speculation
(???), all for the crime of writing anime fanfiction that people don't like. (Especially
when most of the time it's either a case of "That does not exist aside from vague Far
Distant Future speculation" or "You Made That Up And Then Got Mad At Me For It.")
It's inappropriate at best. If you really cannot stand me or my stuff, then use the
mute/block features and move on. AO3 is a fanfiction archive. People write fanfiction
and archive it here, that's the whole point of this site.

On a similar note, because I'd rather not have a serious talk like this again: please don't
shittalk other fanfic writers in my comments. I really don't like being pitted against other
people in this fandom because we responded to the same prompt in different ways. One
of the reasons why I like This prompt so much, even, is because of how many directions
it can be taken in. I wrote this fic because I saw the prompt and had an idea for a story
that I wanted to tell with it, NOT because I wanted to drag someone out back and fight
them behind the local Denny's or something. And I really don't want anyone feeling like
they aren't welcome here because they wrote different kinds of fanfiction than me. Just
— be nice, alright?

Anyway. That aside: I'm sorry for the wait, but I just...needed a break, lol. Most of you
have been lovely to write for, and I'm happy to be back :) There WAS actually a more
practical reason for temporarily privating this fic, though. I have a surprise or two in
store ;)

Enjoy!

See the end of the chapter for more notes

["Hey, it's the two from the mansion!” A young man hurried over to the pair as they
arrived at the village. “What are you doing here at a time like—"]



 

["It seems good that we are,” Rem interrupted, staring at the eerie bonfires lit around
the village square. “Has something happened?"]

 

Frederica stiffened at the sight. Even on its own, those flickering lights in the dark were
enough to raise the hair on the back of her neck. But as someone who had worked as a maid
of the Mathers and Miload Estates for the better part of her life, the meaning of those lights
dancing before her eyes…!

 

“Scary,” Rachins muttered, despite having no real reference for what that sight meant.

 

“Mimi’s seen that before,” Mimi said, tilting her head to the side. “Rural villages do that at
night when there’s an emergency. Like when there’s a bandit attack incoming, or when a
guiltylowe is on the loose nearby.”

 

“Or when several village children suddenly go missing after dark,” Tivey muttered.

 

It wasn’t hard for him to put two and two together: what he had heard about the history of
Irlam beforehand, what sorts of purposes a bright fire could serve at night, and what he had
just seen through Subaru’s eyes.

 

["Y-Yes.” The man seemed surprised, but quickly caught up. “Actually, a bunch of
village kids are missing. We knew they were out playing before it got dark, but…well,
that’s why a whole bunch of people are looking.”]

 

Hetaro crossed his arms proudly. Truly, his younger brother was smart.

 

["The missing kids,“ Subaru cut in. “Luca, Petra, Mild, and them?"]

 

["Y-Yes, them… Do you have any idea where they went?"]

 



“He already knew who was missing,” Wilhelm noted, wincing. It made sense from their point
of view, but from the perspective of the villagers…

 

[Subaru clicked his tongue and kicked the ground. "Who else is looking for the kids
besides you?"]

 

["All the young men in the village, plus Muraosa."]

 

["The kids are in the forest. You'll never find them by looking around the village like
this."]

 

“And he already knew where they were,” Crusch said grimly.

 

Someone like that — if those children didn’t end up back home safe and sound by the end of
the night, Subaru would most likely be the villagers’ first suspect for who could have been
involved in their disappearance.

 

[The young man looked like he wanted to ask more about this, but Subaru patted him
on the shoulder and ran towards the trees. "I'm going into the forest. Tell everyone
that's where the kids are!"]

 

Or perhaps, Anastasia considered, in a tone even darker than Wilhelm’s and Crusch’s
thoughts, the villagers may suspect that Subaru had intentionally placed the children in
harm’s way so that he could save them and earn their trust. It would have been her first
thought, if she were in their position.

 

[Rem hurried to keep up with him, looking very suspicious. “How do you know such
a…?"]

 

["I can tell,” Subaru answered blankly, hardly paying attention. “No, I know. If what
the brats said was right, they should be this way…!”]



 

—Anastasia didn’t say this out loud, if only to avoid scaring Julius further.

 

There was a chance that the villagers’ thoughts would never go there, anyway. Irlam was a
very friendly sort of place, not anything like the hyena-spotted streets of Kararagi that could
only be traversed with suspicion and wiles. Indeed, she hoped that plausible suspicion would
be one left to her own rotten personality, and wouldn’t have crossed anyone else’s mind at all.

 

(Danger aside, being suspected of such an awful thing would probably break the kindhearted
and genuine Subaru’s heart.)

 

[The two climbed over the wooden fence surrounding the village before cutting through
the trees, heading deeper in — until Rem suddenly realized that something was wrong.]

 

[“The barrier has been severed.”]

 

“Aaah,” Ricardo exhaled, recognizing the setup from his own visit to the village. “That’s how
the mabeast pup got through.”

 

He hadn’t really thought about that part — but this made sense.

 

…Had it just fallen out of place, or—?

 

["What does the barrier being cut mean here?" Subaru asked, looking at the crystal
that had lost its glow.]

 

["It means that mabeasts can cross the boundary,” Rem answered. “This forest is their
habitat, you see."]

 

["Mabeasts…?” Subaru blinked. “So, um, what are they, anyway?" ]



 

He doesn’t even know what mabeasts—! Julius held back a scream.

 

["Mabeasts, witchbeasts, demon beasts. They are beasts imbued with dark power, the
enemy of intelligent life,” Rem recited. “It is said that the Witch created them."]

 

["More of the Witch, even here, geez..."]

 

The evil of the Witch of Envy had penetrated the world right to its roots, and it had been that
way for the past four-hundred years. But most of those in the world had been impacted only
through the indirect means of mabeasts and the like. Rom feared that, for Subaru, the impact
of the Witch of Envy had been deeply, unusually personal.

 

[Ram did tell me point-blank not to go into the mountains at some point, Subaru recalled.
The mabeasts are probably why, huh…?]

 

“It wasn’t like it helped you avoid them, did it?” Ram murmured, eyes clouded.

 

She had harmed him with her own two hands, and she had also failed to keep him safe from
the dangers surrounding the Manor — to a degree she had never before suspected.

 

With this being the true nature of her relationship with Subaru, while her relationship with
Rem had been lost to memory, could Ram even call herself an older sister at all?

 

[Rem suddenly started. “Subaru-kun, what are you—?!"]

 

["The kids are in there,” Subaru shouted back, having crossed the broken barrier. “I
have to save them!”]

 

“Of course,” Rachins muttered. What else could he have expected?



 

Ricardo wanted to be proud of Subaru. He wanted to admire him for his bravery, his
selflessness, his willingness to put himself on the line for children he had only hung around
for a few days, even with his…situation…taken into account. But instead, he looked at the
sight of a powerless young boy about to lunge into a Wolgarm-infested forest with only a
sadistic psychopath who hated him down to his blood and guts for backup, and felt his
stomach twist itself into a knot.

 

Mimi glanced at Ram. She said nothing, and nobody noticed.

 

Ram certainly didn’t. Ram didn’t remember everything that had happened next, but she knew
enough to know that— that—

 

Those were her two little siblings, weren’t they? And there they were, entering the forest full
of mabeasts together, with Ram safe back in the Manor. This arrangement had been her own
decision.

 

She didn’t remember much about — what had happened next, and what she did remember
was foggy and uncertain. But she knew Subaru hadn’t gotten out of it unscathed.

 

["Do you have hard proof of that? Lord Roswaal's permission is required before
crossing the ba—”]

 

["The scar on my hand is proof!"]

 

Julius bit his lip to prevent himself from shouting for Subaru to not antagonize that woman. It
wouldn’t help anything, now.

 

That was a mabeast bite. Felt took in the sight with a grim expression on her face. It was
small, and it didn’t look like much — but it was the kind of bite that would be fatal if not
interfered with. That HAD been fatal, four times before.

 



["The kids had a cute puppy with them,” Subaru was saying, showing Rem the scar left
by the bite. “It looked like a dog, but what if it wasn't a dog? What if it was a mabeast
that curses whoever it bites?"]

 

[That puppy bit me not once, not twice, but three times, he reflected grimly. And if I hadn't
been bitten this time around, then I have no doubt Rem would've been bitten instead…!]

 

Rem thought back to the version of her that had been lying in that bed. The only way for her
to have ended up like that, when Ram had not — it would be if she had gone to play with
those children. …Could she imagine that?

 

—Ram suddenly sucked in a breath.

 

Everyone already knew that Subaru hadn’t gotten out of there alright, but what had happened
to Rem?

 

[This isn’t a curse cast by human hands, Subaru thought. It’s more like a natural disaster.
Just like rats were the medium through which the Black Plague spread, mabeasts are the
vector by which the curse is propagated. —And the kids followed the mabeast into the
forest.]

 

Frederica thought of Petra, following that monster into the woods, and swallowed.

 

“Black Plague,” Anastasia muttered, experimentally sounding the vowels out on her tongue.
It tasted foul.

 

“A disease spread by rats…?” Ricardo grimaced. Perhaps Subaru’s homeland hadn’t been as
idyllic as he had assumed.

 

Otto thought of Meili, who had been the cause of this entire scene, and privately grimaced at
how the disaster hadn’t been natural at all.



 

["This gets worse the more time passes,” Subaru hissed. “We don't know if the kids are
already cursed, but for now we've got to bring them all back to the mansion and purify
them."]

 

["Hold on. You cannot simply decide that on your...” Rem frowned. “In the first place,
the situation is too suspicious."]

 

["Huh?"]

 

["To have such a problem occur while Lord Roswaal is absent… Are you certain this is
not a diversion for an attack on the mansion?"]

 

The entire theater burst into noise.

 

“What?!” Mimi demanded. “You’re just going to—”

 

“How could you DO that?!” Hetaro cried.

 

“I—” Frederica winced. “That is— a reasonable train of thought,” she admitted. “But surely
you didn’t mean to…!”

 

But she didn’t know this person, did she? Frederica knew Ram — at least, she was pretty sure
that she did — but everything she learned about Rem really had led to her realizing that she
knew less and less about what she was really like.

 

“So you’d just leave all those children to die alone — because maybe your precious mansion
might get scuffed up a bit?!” Rachins snapped, his voice taking on a note of oddly personal
offense. “What an insane sense of priorities. But I guess I shouldn’t expect much else from
the likes of the torture-happy little princess, now, should I?!”

 



“Rachins!” Felt snapped.

 

“Oi!” Subaru shouted.

 

“I ain’t fucking wrong about this one!” Rachins retorted, refusing to back down to either of
then. “That idea only doing what serves YOU, as a person of status entitled to a higher place
in the world—!”

 

["So what would you do?” Subaru challenged. “Abandon the kids in trouble right this
minute, go back to the mansion, and batten down the hatches? I mean, yeah, we can do
that, if you're all right with everyone in the village being dead by morning."]

 

“Don’t suggest such a vile thing about my little sister,” Ram snapped. Rachins flinched at the
sudden venom spat his way. “Rem is — complicated, perhaps, and — perhaps she has a
tendency to circle the wagons more often and more tightly than necessary.” There had to have
been a reason why she had chased after the foul-smelling Subaru with such a rash, single-
minded resolve, after all — and that hasty sense of caution would also match this current
peculiar decision of hers, with Rem closing her heart off to the village children out of fear of
what she might be abandoning if she chased after them. “But calling her selfish and entitled
is over the line. She was only trying her best to protect the people she knew that she could.”

 

It was a reasonable line of thinking, after all. Given a choice between saving the village and
saving her family at the manor, Ram could not possibly blame her for choosing the latter.
Unpleasant decisions like that were sometimes necessary, as cruel as it may be to say such a
thing.

 

“She’s right,” Wilhelm muttered. He didn’t want to defend that woman, but — it was true.
Several people turned to look at him. “Rem was a maid. If she felt the need to choose to save
either her place of residence or the local village, then it would be her duty as a maid to guard
the former.”

 

As a maid herself, Frederica averted her eyes. She hoped she would never be pushed into
such a position, herself.

 



“That’s ridiculous,” Crusch said, her tone unusually harsh. Wilhelm startled. “There’s no
reason for her to choose between one or the other. She knows the children are in danger, and
there’s no hint at all that the manor isn’t safe and sound. I cannot abide by that line of
reasoning!”

 

[I know that‘s a cruel thing to say, Subaru thought to himself. Rem is just trying to do her
job, and minimize the risks to those in the Manor. It’s natural for her to think this way.]

 

…What a compassionate response.

 

Anastasia tilted her head. A rotten personality like hers would have been more in-tune with
Rem’s reply than most others in this space, she was aware of that. As a wily merchant, she
knew better than to ever enter a deal that might risk her the things that were close to her
heart. This was what had facilitated her acquirement of the Hoshin Company, was what had
allowed her to expand her reach across Kararagi — and if she were asked, and if she felt the
desire to answer truthfully, it was one of the most critical traits making her a suitable
Candidate for the Royal Selection of Lugunica.

 

But out of everyone in the room — to put it bluntly, Anastasia had assumed that the selfless,
kindhearted Subaru, who made excuses about “one good deed a day” so that he could keep
helping for the sake helping, who on impulse placed his trust in nearly every person he came
across, who threw himself in harm’s way for strangers and adversaries as though self-
sacrifice were second nature over and over again—

 

Anastasia had assumed that such a personality would be the absolute last person capable of
wrapping his head around an outlook like that. And yet here he was.

 

Julius winced. He understood both sides of the argument. As a knight, he could not imagine
willingly leaving anyone — especially children — to die in those woods when he could have
saved them. But also as a knight, he was well aware of the many unfortunate situations that
those in power were made to deal with, and the cruel choices that they were often forced into
as a result.

 

He decided not to say anything at all. He couldn’t think of anything to say, in any case.

 



Ricardo sighed. He was a mercenary, and not a knight, and so he understood that latter point
much more intimately than the former. “Ram and Wilhelm are both right, kid,” he told
Rachins. Rachins stared at him with a look of disbelief. “Decisions like this are nasty work,
but sometimes they’re all ya can do. —In any case, we all know they didn’t leave those kids
behind, so why don’t ya just apologize and be done with it?”

 

Rachins opened his mouth, closed it. He wanted to argue, but he couldn’t really think of what
to say.

 

“…Sorry,” he finally muttered. He didn’t mean it.

 

Rem didn’t care. “It’s alright,” she said.

 

Indeed, Rem was not offended at all. If anything, she found herself more disgusted than
anyone else in the theater. To abandon children to die in the forest, purely due to vague and
uncertain speculation…!

 

She was grateful that her older sister still thought of her with such warmth. But that
gratefulness made her feel oddly guilty, because Rem couldn’t help but feel that Ram was
cutting her far, far too much slack.

 

(Between her aloof and lonely personality, the iron ball and chain that she employed without
mercy, and her protests at going to save the kids lost in the woods… As hard as she tried,
Rem couldn’t imagine this version of herself having gone to play with children.)

 

(And yet there she had been, lying still and quiet in her bed as her older sister wailed aloud
her grief.)

 

[But there comes a time when you have to make a choice — and I know only too well that
the greatest regret comes from choosing not to choose at all.]

 

Choosing not to choose—



 

Crusch scowled. That was quite the way to refer to being bedridden from stress after
experiencing two to three hours of torture from the very people he had been depending on to
keep him safe, under the impression that they had murdered him three times.

 

["Rem, let's go. We've got to do something."]

 

["Why are you that determined to...?” Rem shook her head. “Subaru-kun, what
connection do you have to the vill—"]

 

["Petra wants to be a seamstress in the Capital when she grows up.”]

 

[Rem blinked.]

 

“—Eh?” Crusch asked.

 

“A seamstress,” Anastasia echoed. “Is Petra skilled in that area?”

 

Frederica exhaled slowly. “Yes,” she said. “She certainly is.”

 

[It’s the first time I’ve heard her sound so feminine, Subaru thought to himself. So prim
and proper through thick and thin — and yet here she is, uttering such soft complaints.]

 

What a thing to think about someone, when you were currently having the sort of
disagreement where lives were on the line. The genuine fondness and care that had to
underlie a thought process like that left Julius feeling oddly hollow.

 

…Feminine, huh?

 



Rem — didn’t think that word really described the woman in from of them, did it?

 

["Luca wants to follow in the footsteps of his dad, the top woodcarver in the village,”
Subaru continued. “Mild wants to make a wreath from flowers from all the flower beds
and give it to his mom as a present… Meyna's all happy because a little brother or sister
will be born anytime now, and those brothers Dyne and Cain are both working hard to
get Petra's hand in marriage…”]

 

Wilhelm felt an odd ache, somewhere in his chest. Even with everything that he had been
dealing with — Subaru had taken the time to learn all of that, had he?

 

Rom smiled wistfully. He wasn’t that sort of man, he knew. That was why he couldn’t help
but admire Subaru, who was exactly the sort of good-hearted person who would listen to the
dreams of children with open ears and open arms.

 

["I know their faces, their names, and what they want to do in life,” Subaru announced.
“I'm not some stranger anymore."]

 

Ricardo exhaled slowly. Subaru — hadn’t been a stranger to those children for quite some
time, whether those kids knew it or not.

 

[I hate kids, Subaru thought. They’re noisy, rowdy, they talk trash with no respect for their
elders, they think nothing of discourtesy or disrespect, they’re brash and unreserved… It’s
like looking at myself in the mirror.]

 

Tivey chuckled a little. “I really can see the resemblance,” Hetaro murmured.

 

Mimi said nothing at all.

 

["But, Rem,” Subaru said aloud. “I promised them I'd do radio calisthenics with them
again tomorrow morning."]



 

He had, had he? That was right…

 

Reinhard smiled. When all this was over, he hoped that he, too, might be allowed to…

 

[I thought during that first loop that it would be easier to just let things go, Subaru
remembered. But I just can’t do it.]

 

That sort of thinking didn’t suit Subaru, did it? Rem thought. No, it didn’t suit him at all.

 

To some extent, that — worried her. It was a kind trait, a noble trait, but it could also get a
boy like this so very, very hurt, couldn’t it?

 

[Rem looked conflicted.]

 

[Really, Subaru smiled. Looking weak, powerless, about to break out in tears — that’s my
job, isn’t it?]

 

No, it wasn’t. Julius hated seeing that look on his face. He didn’t want to see him looking that
way ever again. Subaru was too kind of a person to be forced into such horrible situations,
time and time again.

 

[Seeing her look weaker than myself… Subaru scowled inwards. I really am a small and
petty person, hardening my resolve like this. Using others to protect myself, even though
I’m the incurable scaredy-cat…]

 

Ram shifted in her seat, uncomfortable. …From his perspective, could Subaru do
ANYTHING right?

 



Ferris buried his face in his knees. He wished that Subaru would just go back to the mansion
and lock himself in his room again.

 

["I keep my promises and expect others to keep theirs,” Subaru declared. “I'll do radio
calisthenics with those brats again, you'll see. That's why I'm heading in."]

 

[Subaru didn’t even notice how his voice was shaking from the fear he was trying so
hard to mask.]

 

—Currently, Subaru had a reputation for breaking his promises.

 

This was true publicly, but it was even more so in private. Emilia had once resented that part
of him, feeling hurt and betrayed by what had appeared to be him stomping all over what she
had considered very dear and precious. But she had come to understand that Subaru simply
didn’t understand promises on the same wavelength as most other people, with him seeing
them more or less as assurances that he would do the right thing. And he always tried to do
right by everyone, even if he sometimes struggled to understand the importance of following
their exact words. It was a little frustrating sometimes, but Emilia had long come to terms
with that particular hangup of his.

 

Looking at him talking about the importance of promises right now, however…

 

Emilia felt her stomach turn. Had something changed?

 

["Then it cannot…be helped,” Rem decided.]

 

["Rem?"]

 

“Hm?” Felt studied the look that had suddenly spread across Rem’s face.

 



[Ah, Subaru thought. This is the first time since we’ve met that she’d displayed clear
emotion, isn’t it?]

 

Emilia blinked. Her breathing eased, just a little. A look like that…

 

Beatrice tilted her head. Rem didn’t seem so imposing, when her eyes looked bright with that
sort of feeling.

 

["After all, I have been assigned to watch over you, Subaru-kun,” Rem teased. “I
cannot accomplish that duty if I let you go by yourself, can I?"]

 

“Teasing…” Crusch murmured. Her shoulders began to slump. An attitude like that wasn’t
the type to be wary of, was it? Perhaps Subaru had been telling the truth after all.

 

Reinhard didn’t understand people all that well. But, listening to her voice right then, he
started to think that maybe…

 

["Y-Yeah.” Subaru shook his head. “I suppose not. Keep a good eye on me to make sure
I don't do anything suspicious."]

 

["Yes, I will. So, let us be off?"]

 

She sounded oddly unserious about that task, despite her having been so incredibly devoted
to it for so very long in their eyes. Ricardo tilted his head.

 

Tivey didn’t say anything to his bristling siblings. But privately, he began to wonder…

 

[This is the first time it feels like we’re truly standing side by side…]

 



It did feel that way, didn’t it? Frederica thought. She began to relax. It was — a pleasant sort
of feeling. Perhaps this wasn’t going to go as badly as she thought it…

 

Garfiel suddenly hissed.

 

[Subaru opened his mouth, about to thank her— but then he noticed something.]

 

And just like that, the prior tension returned, slamming into the theater’s occupants with
enough force to threaten to crush them under its weight.

 

[“Er, Rem,” Subaru managed. “That’s, ah…”]

 

Wait. Ram’s eyes widened. Suddenly, she realized something important. Wait—

 

“That’s the morningstar you’ve been keeping by my sister’s bedside!” she exclaimed.

 

Subaru jolted, turning to stare at her alongside everyone else. “Eh?” he asked.

 

[“It’s for self-defense,” Rem replied, wielding that dreaded iron ball and chain.]

 

“Rem’s morningstar,” Ram repeated, a surge of anger following her shocking realization.
“Rem’s— Subaru, you have been POLISHING that thing every single day!”

 

Rem coughed, her eyes flying wide. “WHAT?!”

 

[“Er, but that’s…”]

 



[“For self-defense.”]

 

Rem wasn’t the only one. The entire theater had recoiled at that reveal.

 

“You have been polishing your own murder weapon?!” Mimi demanded.

 

“Why?” Hetaro cried. “Why would you—?”

 

Tivey stared at Subaru, seemingly struck mute.

 

“Well — it was important to Rem!” Subaru defended. “She—”

 

“It was your MURDER WEAPON,” Rachins repeated, voice like ice. “Do you have any
common sense at all?!”

 

“What the fuck is wrong with nyew?!” Ferris snapped, voice dripping with acid. His eyes
were still wet and dull, like two battered riverside pebbles.

 

“It wasn’t my murder weapon in this timeline, so—”

 

“Subaru,” Julius managed. “Subaru, that’s—”

 

“Subaru-dono,” Wilhelm tried. “I can’t say that I approve of…”

 

Rom folded his arms, leaning back and staying quiet as he tried to wrap his head around that
new information.

 



“Great Od, kid,” Ricardo muttered.

 

Reinhard — didn’t know what to do. What was he supposed to do, in a situation like—?

 

“I— What do any of you care?!” Subaru demanded. “What I do is my business, thank you
very—”

 

“There are limits to what sort of behavior I am willing to accept, here!” Crusch retorted. She
looked angry and horrified and a little sick. “Willingly polishing the very thing that was used
to torture and murder you, day after day—!”

 

“None of us would have even known,” Frederica whispered, horrified. “He was… And none
of us even knew to stop him from…!”

 

Garfiel felt dizzy. He felt numb. How was he supposed to respond to this?

 

Felt’s eyes weren’t on Subaru. Instead, she was studying Rem’s reaction to this new
information, full of shock and despair.

 

[I gotta harden my resolve again, Subaru cursed himself. C’mon, where’s that
courage…?]

 

“We are going to have a talk after this, in fact,” Beatrice muttered.

 

“It’s really not that big a…” Subaru trailed off, forced quiet by the weight of everyone’s
heavy glares.

 

“Not the time,” Otto growled. His fist was trembling in his lap. “This is— We’ll talk later.
Natsuki-san.”

 



Anastasia watched this exchange with an indiscernible expression on her face.

 

Emilia said nothing at all.

 

[It’s so dark here, Subaru thought as they pressed onwards. The moonlight is so eerie,
and there are hardly any sounds at all. And — ow, the branches of these trees keep
scratching the both of us up…!]

 

His thoughts echoed through the theater, which had fallen into a deathly silence, air so thick
with tension it felt as though one could smash through it with a morningstar.

 

[He watched as Rem stopped to sniff the air. She looks like a police dog…]

 

“Police dog?” Anastasia asked quietly. Her voice traveled in the silent theater regardless.

 

“Y-Yeah,” Subaru said. He sounded nervous. “Back home, local law enforcement would train
dogs to help track down and identify bodies, weapons, illegal substances — or even to help
chase down and subdue criminals.”

 

“Hm.”

 

[Subaru didn’t talk to her. He didn’t want to disrupt her concentration, even though he
felt as though his unease was about to eat him from the inside-out.]

 

Ricardo tilted his head. As a demihuman and a mercenary, his keen sense of smell had helped
him on a job more times than he could count. Listening to Subaru talking about his
homeland’s tactics to make up for the absence of that skill amidst their population, he
wondered if he had taken it for granted.

 

—Though, using trained animals to make up for the skills that they lacked was quite an
interesting solution.



 

[“I smell something alive…” Rem finally murmured. “It is close.”]

 

["Is it the kids?"]

 

["I do not know, but it is not an animal smell."]

 

["That's enough to go on…”]

 

[Rem’s expression had brightened slightly, and she had subconsciously picked up her
pace. But at the same time, her growing unease was palpable…]

 

That unease seemed to permeate through the rest of the theater. The catalyst for their unease,
however, was very, very different.

 

Nonetheless — both parties were preparing themselves for the worst.

 

["It's the kids!" Subaru exclaimed, seeing five children lying on the ground and
breaking into a sprint.]

 

“Oh thank goodness,” Julius muttered. Maybe Subaru would get out of there, before—

 

But he already knew enough to know that he wouldn’t.

 

Anastasia frowned. Rom narrowed his eyes. Felt curled her lip. —One of those children was
missing, weren’t they?

 



["—They're alive. They're alive!" Subaru practically cried with relief. "We made it in
time!"]

 

[“—No,“ Rem said, a stern look on her face. “They are still breathing, but they are
heavily debilitated. At this rate…”]

 

[“Debilitated…? The curse?!”]

 

“What?” Rem gasped. “Those children are…!”

 

Tivey sucked in a breath. Oh, no…!

 

[Ah. Pale faces, short, ragged breaths, a cold sweat… Subaru’s stomach clenched. I see it,
now…!]

 

["After we finally found them…” he swore. “Rem, can't you lift the curses?"]

 

“You can’t lift a curse once it’s been activated,” Julius said dully. That fact had been eating
away at him more and more, over the course of this…this…

 

“—Wait.” Ricardo started. “That doesn’t make sense,” he said. “I know those kids are alive: I
saw them myself.”

 

Rachins’ face drained of color. Frederica lifted her hands to her mouth, eyes filled with
despair

 

“No!” Subaru said hurriedly, watching as the theater began to devolve into panic once again.
“No, don’t worry about that. This is — This is the final loop. So, all of us survive.”

 



(And surely that spirit hosting this whole demonstration was running low on power — or just
on interest, even. Hopefully, this would be the last loop of the lot, too.)

 

“—In that case,” Rom said mildly. “I guess that means the dogs responsible for their
conditions won’t live through the night. Is that right?”

 

["My skill is insufficient. If Nee-sama is indeed watching this place…” Rem shook her
head. “At any rate, I shall use healing magic to put them at ease. We shall carry them
once they calm down.”]

 

["Got it. I'll... Shit, I'm so useless. I'll keep an eye out for trouble."]

 

“Useless?” Frederica echoed in disbelief. “You’re the only reason anyone found those
children in the first place!”

 

“Not like I could do all that much when we were actually there,” Subaru laughed, rubbing the
back of his neck. “Most I could do was just — let Rem do everything for me.”

 

Rem shifted uncomfortably in her seat. That — was not how she saw all of this. Not at all.

 

Ram folded her arms. Really, this pattern of thinking on Subaru’s end was becoming
seriously concerning.

 

[We’ll have to bring the kids back to the mansion, Subaru was planning, watching Rem
attempt to calm the children. Then we’ll ask Beako to lift the—]

 

["Suba…ru?" A weak voice interrupted his thoughts.]

 

“Petra!” Frederica cried aloud, loudly enough to startle her little brother.

 



She couldn’t help it. She knew that Petra would survive, that she had gotten out of this alive.
But on the meteor in front of her, that poor girl was…!

 

Petra was her junior maid. She had watched her, instructed her, cared for her for an entire
year. She was practically Frederica’s little sister by now. And there, right in front of her, she
was—!

 

["You're awake, Petra?” Subaru hurriedly moved to take her hand. “Okay, good girl,
you're a strong girl. We'll be taking you back real soon and making the reason you're
suffering go bye-bye, so right now you need to just rest…”]

 

["There's one in… Still. The forest…"]

 

“What?” Mimi gasped.

 

Hetaro sucked in a breath. “She’s right,” he hissed. “That girl with the braid…!”

 

["—Hey, what did you say?"]

 

[But Petra had lost consciousness again.]

 

[Subaru took another look at the children they had found — and realized that there
were indeed only five. “Aw crap… She’s right,” he realized. “I don’t see the youngest
one here. —Damn it all!"]

 

Garfiel scowled. Frederica pressed her lips together. Meili had planned this, hadn’t she?

 

Otto narrowed his eyes. What exactly had Meili been planning, here?

 



["P-Please wait,” Rem said, alarmed by Subaru’s sudden aggravation. “It is too
dangerous. If she was taken away by the mabeasts, there is nothing—”]

 

“No!” Rem cried. Those closest turned to look at her. “No, don’t just leave—!”

 

“Rem—” Ram started to say.

 

["I know what you're trying to say,” Subaru interrupted them both. “I know. I know all
too well, but you heard it, too, Rem. Petra said to go get the last one of them before
anything else."]

 

[Petra was suffering to the brink of tears, weakened to the point that breathing was a
struggle, he lamented. But even so, she'd expressed concern for her friend rather than
asking me to save her alone…!]

 

Reinhard exhaled slowly, thinking of two bright-eyed figures in the dim light of the Loot
House at twilight. Didn’t that description sound familiar?

 

Frederica’s heart clenched. Petra had regretted that dearly, she knew. She had heard from
others about how Petra had cried about it, once she had seen Subaru’s painful, weary body
lying unconscious back at the manor.

 

["...I want to do what Petra asked me to. If we're gonna pick one up, we might as well
do our best to pick 'em all up."]

 

["You are too greedy,” Rem warned, looking daunted. “If you pick up too much, you
might end up dropping everything on the floor."]

 

["You're here to make sure that doesn't happen, Rem."]

 



Anastasia exhaled slowly. It wasn’t like she disagreed with Subaru’s sentiment, being the
greedy person that she was. But she couldn’t help feeling concerned that he seemed to fully
trust in Rem to support him all the way.

 

["I can't do anything here, either.” Subaru spread his arms wide. “I can't use healing
magic, and there's no way I can bring the kids back by myself. If so, I should use myself
as effectively as I can, right?"]

 

["What does that have to do with m—"]

 

["You need to save your strength to carry the kids, Rem. The young men from the
village will…probably be coming in after us soon enough. Just hand the kids over to
them and come after me.” Subaru shrugged, smiling. “While you're doing that, I'll go
deeper in and look for the last kid… Hey, if it's worst case, I'll come running right back.
But if there's still any ray of hope, at least I can buy some time out there."]

 

[“You do not know your opponent's strength,” Rem argued, grabbing Subaru’s sleeve.
“There is no guarantee when the villagers will come, and worst case, I may not be able
to find you."]

 

Rem blinked slowly. Was she…?

 

[Maybe she’s worried about me, Subaru thought. Maybe it’s just her nature not to go
along with uncertain plans. —It would be nice if it were the former.]

 

Rem didn’t even dare to hope that it were the former. As soon as the thought entered her
mind, she shut it down as violently as she had once wielded that iron ball and chain.

 

["I'll be all right.” Subaru gently took the hand that had reached out for him in his own.
“You'll find me."]

 

["What proof do you have of...?"]



 

["I've got proof right here." Subaru pointed to his nose, and then pointed his finger
back at Rem’s face.]

 

Rom sucked in a breath. Invoking that knowledge — that was a gamble. That was a risky,
risky gamble, and it was made even more so by the fact that the two of them were alone in
the forest without anyone nearby who could intervene if things went south.

 

["Even if no one else notices, you'll notice my scent. I have the lingering stench of a
villain hovering about me, right?"]

 

“I was right,” Subaru snapped stubbornly. “She— She DID catch my scent. That’s the whole
reason I survived this. So you can stop looking at her like…!”

 

But as much as Subaru wanted to insist otherwise, they in the present moment had no
guarantee that this gamble of his had actually paid off.

 

[Rem's eyes opened wide in surprise. Subaru laughed. Seeing her all surprised like this
feels almost like taking revenge on that other Rem, really…!]

 

“How exactly do you define revenge, Natsuki-san?” Otto muttered scornfully.

 

Frederica side-eyed the merchant, but wisely kept her mouth shut.

 

["Subaru-kun…” Rem said faintly. “How much…do you know…?"]

 

["Ah, I'm pretty ignorant about tons of things. It's so bad, I'd never find the answers
even if I repeated yesterday, today, and tomorrow over and over again."]

 

Ferris flinched violently where he was curled up in a ball.



 

Beatrice exhaled slowly, puffing out her cheeks as she blew out a long breath. Just how many
times had Subaru…?

 

[Repeating those days so much wore me to the bone, he reflected. —But I guess I’ve
changed a lot, to actually be able to laugh about it.]

 

Ricardo pressed his lips together. It was good, he supposed, to have the strength to laugh at
something that had been so terrible. That was the sort of thing that could keep a person
marching boldly forward.

 

Reinhard grimaced. He — wasn’t sure why the idea of Subaru laughing at that incident made
him feel so uncomfortable.

 

["Looks like you have some things you want to ask me, and I have a mountain of things
I want to ask you. So when this is all over, let's talk it out till our throats go dry. It's a
promise."]

 

“—What’s that you’re doing?” Anastasia suddenly asked, watching his odd hand movements.
It looked a bit like a handshake, but with just the one finger…?

 

Subaru gestured for her to keep watching. She obliged.

 

["There. Pinkie promise."]

 

["Wh-what did you just..?"]

 

["It's a ritual from my homeland for making a promise. It's a terrible ritual
guaranteeing you'll get a thousand sewing needles stuck into you if you break it."]

 



Anastasia recoiled, eyes widening. “That’s quite vicious, isn’t it?!” she exclaimed. From
anyone else she wouldn’t have been all that affected, but for Subaru this seemed wildly out of
character.

 

Subaru only laughed. It sounded a little strained, however, in the darkness cast by the scene
in the meteor.

 

["I believe in you, Rem.” Subaru snapped his fingers, flashing her a smile. “So I want to
act based on that trust. That's why we need to promise here. —I told you, right? I keep
my promises, and I expect others to keep theirs. Plus I’ve got Emilia's blessing on my
side, so don’t worry, be happy.”]

 

["H-Happy…?" Completely unable to keep up, Rem started to laugh. Subaru laughed
alongside her, both of them muffling their voices to keep them from echoing through the
woods.]

 

It was odd, seeing Subaru laughing with that woman as though they were friends. It made
Otto grit his teeth.

 

["A promise, then,” Rem agreed. “There really is much I want to ask you, after all."]

 

["Sure thing. It's a promise between the two of us that needed making. The same
probably goes for the hair, too."]

 

“—Ah,” Rem said.

 

["The hair…?”]

 

["The reason why you keep staring at my hair."]

 

“Oh,” Emilia said quietly. “But, that’s not…”



 

[Onscreen, Rem’s eyes filled with guilt.]

 

Felt tilted her head. Rem had felt guilty about it?

 

Interesting.

 

["It's all right,” Subaru said. “I'm not getting the wrong idea. You were always
watching me while I did my amateur work because the shabby top of my head really
bothered you…right?"]

 

[Rem and I made a promise, on the final day of that first loop, he reflected. Now I know
that it wasn’t really about my hair at all. Rem had stared at me like that because she
distrusted me so, and Ram had simply covered for her.]

 

Julius’ eyes were pained. Knowing what he did about how much Subaru had loved those two
from the very start, such distrust aimed his way for it felt horrifically cruel. Even without the
context of what that distrust had eventually driven that girl to do.

 

[That promise was based on a lie — but I’ll take it and make it true, smiling all the way!]

 

Reinhard smiled sadly. That was really a wonderful thing to think, wasn’t it? It reminded him
a bit of something Lady Felt might say.

 

That sort of idealism was precious. Reinhard didn’t believe that he was capable of such a
thing, and that meant he needed to do everything in his power to defend and support the
people who were.

 

["When I come back safe and sound, I'll put myself at your mercy,” he declared. “I'm
counting on you to make me look so cool that Emilia will fall for me without even
thinking."]



 

["…Given what I am starting with, even I have my limits."]

 

["Could you please put facts like that in a less direct way…?”]

 

Anastasia tilted her head. That was…

 

So. She had made a promise then, hadn’t she? To come back with him, both of them alive,
and give him a haircut.

 

So, perhaps Rem really wasn’t going to…

 

[This is the Rem who’s always left me behind, but now she’s agreeing to go along with my
suggestion… That makes me really happy.]

 

Rem felt her lower lip quiver. She knew that Subaru was being genuine. That made
everything far, far worse.

 

Crusch looked at the meteor sadly. It really didn’t take much to make Subaru happy, did it?

 

[“I shall hand off the children and immediately catch up with you. Please do nothing
rash in the meantime."]

 

["Don't worry. After all, I'm fanatical like an Oni today."]

 

Garfiel snorted. Frederica hissed softly.

 

Otto groaned. “He still doesn’t know…!”



 

["Fanatical like an…?”]

 

["Possessed by an Oni instead of a god.” Subaru posed with two fingers above his head,
imitating horns. “Lately it's my favorite saying!"]

 

Even as tense as he was, Ricardo managed to chuckle. Rem had likely thought that Subaru
was flirting with her, hadn’t she? Little shit.

 

Rem wondered what she had been thinking, in those moments. Likely something violent and
cruel. Perhaps she had wondered what it would be like to tear his offending fingers off of his
hands, or smash in his smiling face with that morningstar she adored so much, or…

 

["Please be careful."]

 

[And with that, Subaru left — and stepped into the deeper dark of the forest.]

 

The theater kept watching in silence, tension so thick it felt as though someone could crunch
right through it with an iron ball and chain.

 

["I sure flapped my lips in front of Rem there, but…” Subaru swallowed, hesitantly
walking through the dark.]

 

[It’s dangerous to go alone, but I really do think I stand a chance, he thought. As a
weakling, my personality is fundamentally averse to gambling…]

 

“Ah?” Wilhelm asked. A smidge of hope flickered in his chest. “You think…?”

 

["If it was that puppy from today that cursed the kids, I've got a shot…” Subaru said
aloud. It’s a mabeast and all, but surely a puppy doesn’t have much combat ability… "I



won't lose to that thing, right...?"]

 

“That’s not a good way to judge an opponent’s effectiveness, Subaru…!” Julius moaned.

 

[It’s pretty pathetic to pin my hopes on my opponent's small size. But it’s optimistic and
convenient, and I don’t think I’m wrong to be optimistic, especially because this world has
given me such a raw deal…]

 

Wilhelm just barely managed to avoid burying his face in his hands, that flicker of hope
having been unceremoniously snuffed out.

 

[If I just pile on negative images, I’ll lose myself to despair too deep for my exuberance to
get me out of. Subaru sighed, slumping his shoulders. The way my parents taught me to
see the world in relation to myself is certainly something, huh?]

 

Julius bit his lip. On one hand, he understood the logic. But at the same time, underestimating
the danger present could very easily result in…!

 

[—Ah. Subaru caught his breath in his throat, stopping in his tracks. A cold sheen of
sweat was forming on his brow. The wind ahead…it smells like the beasts of the woods.
And this sudden malaise…]

 

[Swallowing, he moved forward slowly and quietly, and poked his head out through a
gap in the trees.]

 

[—Beside a fallen log, a slender white leg was poking out.]

 

“There she is!” Mimi cried.

 

“—Why is she out in the open like that?” Tivey demanded. “I’ve never seen an Ulgarm Wolf
do something like that.”



 

[So the beast dragged back his prey, then abandoned it? Subaru wondered, completely on
edge as he scanned his surroundings over and over again. That doesn’t feel right…]

 

“Good instincts,” Anastasia praised.

 

[I can’t check if she’s breathing from here, and she’s not so much as twitching… But at
the same time, with every moment I wait to save her…!]

 

["…It's a golden opportunity…” Subaru said uneasily. “What to do…?"]

 

[—Why is Natsuki Subaru the one here?]

 

Hetaro blinked. “—What?” he asked.

 

“Why…?” Julius frowned, trying to wrap his head around that question. “Because — you put
yourself there?”

 

[What if it had been Roswaal? Or Beatrice? Or Reinhard?]

 

Julius exhaled slowly. Oh.

 

That…was a feeling he was familiar with.

 

(Any knight of Lugunica would be familiar with that, with Reinhard standing in their ranks.)

 

[If it were one of them, blessed with power worthy of heroes, the situation could be easily
resolved.]



 

Reinhard grimaced.

 

Subaru’s honest praise was lovely to hear — but lately, it felt as though Reinhard had failed
to successfully resolve any situation that he had been entrusted with.

 

[But instead it’s Natsuki Subaru standing here. It’s Natsuki Subaru yearning for a miracle.
And it’s Natsuki Subaru who absolutely cannot bring a miracle about.]

 

“Perhaps that’s true,” Wilhelm allowed. Subaru turned to face him. “But it was Natsuki
Subaru who put himself at risk to flush out the curse-wielding mabeast, and it was Natsuki
Subaru who figured out that the children were in danger, and it was Natsuki Subaru who
insisted on following the children into the forest in order to bring them safely home.”

 

“…Eh?” Subaru said.

 

Wilhelm met his gaze, a serious look in his eyes. “That’s why it was Natsuki Subaru who was
there,“ he said. “Because Natsuki Subaru was the one who chose to be there for the children
in the first place.”

 

“Ah—” Faced with such sincere praise, said with such a serious expression on such an
incredible man’s face, and Subaru had no idea what to do. He could feel his face starting to
burn. “Ah…”

 

[I could play the sure hand and wait for Rem, Subaru thought. Maybe that’s what I should
do…]

 

That would be the smart thing to do, Ricardo believed. But at the same time…

 

“Who knows how much time that girl has left?” Wilhelm hissed. “She might not be able to
afford the wait…!”



 

It didn’t really matter, though, Otto knew. However he would choose to justify it, there was
only one thing he could imagine Subaru doing in this situation.

 

Next to him, Garfiel bit his lip.

 

[—Emilia wouldn’t hesitate.]

 

“Emilia…” Crusch trailed off.

 

“…Eh?” Emilia asked.

 

[Subaru's legs stopped shaking. His pulse calmed. His breath eased.]

 

[That’s right, he thought. Emilia wouldn’t hesitate, so I won’t either!]

 

[And Subaru broke into a sprint, flying towards the girl in the grass.]

 

Watching her beloved knight racing headfirst into danger, spurred on by her very own
example, Emilia felt a pit growing at the bottom of her stomach.

 

[Her breathing is faint, but she’s got a pulse…!]

 

[“I’m so glad,” Subaru sighed.]

 

[I’m so glad that I didn’t abandon her here.]

 



You should have abandoned her there, Otto just barely managed to keep himself from
snapping.

 

[The faint breathing and pulse might mean she’s being affected by a curse as well, Subaru
noted. If that’s the case…]

 

She had been faking it, Garfiel knew. —Or, perhaps she had intentionally cursed herself to
avoid suspicion, intending to command the responsible mabeast to die before the curse could
fully take hold.

 

[I don’t have the greatest endurance, Subaru lamented, raising his head. But surely I can
carry a single girl out of the forest...]

 

[The bushes behind him rustled, and a chill down his spine prompted Subaru to turn
around.]

 

Garfiel swore loudly. Frederica was too terrified to think to smack him for it.

 

“Natsuki-san…!” Otto croaked out.

 

["…This is, uh…” Subaru swallows, staring at the massive Ulgarm Wolf that had
stepped into the clearing. “…Not what I had in mind here."]

 

Rem stared at that massive monster, mute with shock and horror, her eyes seeing the true
form of a mabeast for the very first time.

 

How was Subaru supposed to defend himself against something like THAT?

 

[Similar to a Doberman in size, but built twice as thickly. Clawlike paws, bloodshot eyes,
slobber dripping from its fangs even with a closed mouth… This is nothing like the puppy-
sized one I had expected!]



 

Anastasia wondered what a Doberman was. She could tell this wasn’t the time to ask.

 

[Subaru started to laugh nervously, his cheek twitching. "…You used this girl as a decoy
and waited for her to lure me out…?”]

 

[Intelligence like that, in a feral beast like this…!]

 

Ricardo hissed. That level of planning from a mabeast, of all things, could only be described
as bad news.

 

“Hm.” Tivey frowned. “That’s unusual, isn’t it…?”

 

It hadn’t been the intellect of the mabeast, Otto thought grimly. Instead, the culprit who had
come up with that plan was the very girl that Subaru was…

 

[Rem is still nowhere nearby, and there’s no avenue for escape… And with that thing
lowering its head to claw at the ground like that…!]

 

["Tch…” Subaru stripped off his jacket, wrapping it around his left arm. “Shit, if
you're gonna come, come!!"]

 

[In a confrontation with a wild animal, the fangs are the biggest threat. So… Subaru
thrust out his covered arm as bait. Just like in that footage of police dog training on
TV…!]

 

Footage. TV. Anastasia bit back her questions.

 

“It’s not just the fangs,” Reinhard murmured. “You also have to consider the claws, the
possibility of magic, and any environmental effects they might…”



 

[The way the mabeast kept its center of gravity low, not moving a muscle, visibly
unnerved Subaru. "Hey, what's with the laid-back attitude here?!” he snapped. “Hey!
Come on! C—"]

 

[And then the mabeast melted into the shadows, and an in distinct black cloud lunged
for his outstretched left arm. Subaru’s eyes widened in fright.]

 

[And then—]

 

Emilia shrieked. Beatrice flinched backwards, eyes wide with panic.

 

[Ow!! Subaru cried out inwardly. Ow, ow, ow—!! “That—!!”]

 

Crusch squeaked. Her right hand instinctively came down to cover the spot on her left arm
where fangs had dug into Subaru’s muscle. She felt as though she could feel the bite tearing
through her own skin.

 

[He gritted his teeth, tensing the muscles in his left arm so that the fangs wouldn’t be
able to come out. “—Didn't hurt!!"]

 

“You’ve got it!” Rom shouted. “You’ve got a good hold, so now—!”

 

[The mabeast stared into Subaru’s eyes with a look of utter hatred and overwhelming
enmity — and Subaru glared right back.]

 

[“You bit me, you mangy mutt—!”]

 

[And Subaru whipped the beast around hard — impaling its body on an outstretched
branch from the fallen tree.]



 

Even knowing that it was Subaru or the mabeast, Frederica couldn’t help but flinch at the
vicious blow.

 

“YES!” Rachins shouted, punching the air.

 

[The thing’s dying howl echoed through the forest.]

 

Wilhelm exhaled, relieved. “Thank Od,” he muttered.

 

One down, and — a few hundred or thousand or so to go, was that about right?

 

[Subaru fell to his knees. "I…won?"]

 

“Well done,” Julius praised.

 

“Yeah, yeah.” Subaru waved him off. “Don’t strain yourself too hard, alright?”

 

“Wha—?” Julius frowned. “No, Subaru, I really do mean it—”

 

[Subaru yanked the mabeast fangs from his arm, with the beast having clamped on
tight even through its dying tremors. He whimpered slightly at the horrible bloody sight
that was left behind. But at least I’m still alive — even without Rem’s strength…!]

 

“That really was expertly done,” Ricardo said, watching Subaru tie his jacket around his arm
as a makeshift bandage, checking to make sure he could still move it before moving to pick
up Meili. “Julius is correct. Especially for a non-combatant, ya really did do a great job
dispatching that threat. I ain’t being facetious here.”

 



“Ah…” Subaru suddenly looked rather awkward. “U-Uh…” He rubbed the back of his neck,
clearly lost as to how to respond to genuine praise when spelt out to him all serious like this.
His cheeks were red. “…Thanks, I guess…?”

 

Julius chuckled a little, watching him struggle. Subaru scowled at him. “And you can just
shut up!”

 

[“Hurts…but that means I'm alive,” Subaru confirmed. “Crap. Anyway, gotta means
get back to the vil—”]

 

[The bushes rustled again.]

 

Rachins shrieked. Frederica made a strangled sort of noise. Horrified vocalizations sprung up
throughout the theater at the sight of what awaited that boy in the dark.

 

[“Oh, come on…!”]

 

[Countless red eyes glared back at him from the dark shadows of the forest.]

 

Julius’ amusement vanished in an instant. “Subaru—!” he shouted.

 

[Subaru threw out his arms, desperately trying to shield the little girl behind him before
the pack lunged at him as one.]

 

“SUBARU!” Emilia cried.

 

He was saving the little girl. Death was imminent, death was right in front of his nose, and he
had launched himself in front of that little girl—!

 



It wasn’t like his behavior was a surprise, Beatrice thought, somewhere near the back of her
panicked, screaming mind. Even from the very start, Subaru had always…

 

[He howled a battle cry, trying to steel his resolve, trying to pretend that he had a final
chance even when he knew he was about to—]

 

[And then the head of the mabeast closest to his face exploded like an overripe melon.]

 

Rem shrieked loudly, flailing as she fell backwards in her seat.

 

[The force of whatever had demolished the creature’s head had showered Subaru in
blood and gore even before its headless corpse crashed into him and knocked him to the
ground.]

 

“WHAT THE FUCK?!” Rachins demanded, voice high-pitched and terrified.

 

[Subaru shook his head, shakily standing up. Ow, ow, ow…]

 

“What was that?!” Mimi demanded, voice raw with terror. “Is there someone— something
—?”

 

Just how many things could go attacking this guy at once?!

 

[What just happened?]

 

In contrast to the cries of terror sounding out in response to the gory scene, Felt’s face broke
into a huge smile. “That can only be one thing!” she crowed.

 



["The children are safe and are returning to the village,” Rem declared, having
descended from on high. “I see your efforts to buy time have gone well."]

 

Felt cheered, punching the air in triumph. “Yes!”

 

Emilia took a deep breath. Rem was—

 

She was going to help him this time. Right?

 

“Here comes the real problem,” Mimi hissed. She was glaring daggers at the meteor, daring
the Oni girl to try something.

 

Ram tentatively allowed herself to feel pride and relief at the sight of her little sister. “Well
done,” she whispered. “Well done, Rem.”

 

Rem didn’t respond. She was rooted to her seat, bracing herself for the worst.

 

["Rem, look o—!”]

 

[“Ha!” Rem swung her right arm forth, whisking the heavy morningstar around to
smash into branches, trunks — and then the bodies of the two mabeasts that had lunged
with their fangs bared. All were utterly pulverized in its path.]

 

“Holy shit,” Ricardo managed. Even for a seasoned mercenary, a display like that was
something else.

 

—After a moment, he grinned. “Great shot, little lady!” he crowed. “Ya really do know how
to use that thing, don’t ya?”

 



[The first mabeast had been smashed in half, but the second managed to soar towards
her all the same. It was for naught, however: Rem’s fist came down to crush its snout
and cave in its skull with one mighty blow, burying the corpse’s head in the soil.]

 

Mimi stared with wide eyes, completely silent. Normally she would be cheering her on,
but…

 

“She’s on Subaru’s side now,” Hetaro muttered, to his siblings and himself alike. “She’s
doing this for his sake, so…”

 

Tivey couldn’t help but wonder how long that would last for.

 

["Y-You're so strong!!" Subaru gasped. His head aching with the force of his awe.]

 

["Are those appropriate words to speak to a girl, Subaru-kun?"]

 

["That's the only thing a weakling like me can say!” Subaru said, sounding absolutely
ecstatic. “You're really out there!"]

 

Crusch giggled a little bit. Calling a woman something so masculine… Alas, Subaru did have
a way of stumbling face-first into backhanded compliments, didn’t he?

 

It wasn’t exactly a womanly thing, Wilhelm admitted, to be strong and dangerous. But it was
a beautiful thing. And when it was wielded by someone to whom it came naturally, someone
who gloried in bloodshed and the dance of the battlefield, it was all the more so.

 

Strong. As far as Rem was concerned, that was one of the only truthful things that Subaru
had said about her old self since this entire demonstration had began.

 

[Subaru leapt as if to embrace her— but then skirted around behind her instead. This
wasn’t the time for celebration, after all: not with how the pack was moving to encircle



them.]

 

Julius bit back a sharp rebuke at the aborted action.

 

“Don’t HUG her—!” Rachins squawked.

 

Rem should take that adjective as a compliment, as something to be proud of. But
considering what she had done with that strength—

 

“Mana of water, heal this body.”

 

She couldn’t imagine being proud of such a thing, not under conditions like this.

 

[They’re waiting for our — well, Rem’s — next move, Subaru understood uneasily,
watching as they crouched and growled and snarled at them from the barrier they had
formed.]

 

["…Incidentally, Rem, do you plan on wiping them out by yourself?"]

 

["There are too many of them. Alone, they can overcome me with numbers."]

 

[“Well that figures. In that case…”]

 

In a fight between might and numbers, Anastasia thought, numbers almost always won out.
The most these two could do right now…

 

“Find an opening,” Ricardo growled.

 



“Find an opening,” Rom agreed. “—And run for it!”

 

Otto listened to the growling of the mabeasts, sweat beading on his forehead. His face was a
sickly pale.

 

[“There!” Subaru shouted, just as Rem’s attack launched itself at the weak point in the
encirclement that they had both spotted simultaneously: a spot with only three
mabeasts. The iron ball smashed into the ground, kicking up a huge cloud of dirt that
threw the creatures off.]

 

["Now—!" Rem yelled, and Subaru bolted through the hole that she had opened in the
barricade.]

 

“YES!” Tivey shouted.

 

“GO!” Hetaro cried. “GO, GO, GO—!”

 

[Subaru ran and ran and ran. The mabeasts pursuing him, but Rem was pursuing
THEM, too: everyone could hear the sounds of her pulverizing the monsters from
above.]

 

“Holy fuck,” Garfiel managed, listening to the chaotic, screech-filled din. Otto could only
silently agree, mute with terror by his side.

 

Between the mabeasts and the Oni, Frederica thought that the pounding of her heart might be
enough to make her pass out.

 

["Whoa,” Subaru gasped. The memory of the sound of that chain sending his arm
flying off flashed through his mind. “Traumatic sound alert—!"]

 

What a lackadaisical way to refer to something like that, Ram thought with disbelief.



 

…How often had Subaru done that?

 

Emilia whimpered. The crunching sound of her sweet knight’s arm being ripped off echoed
through her mind like the bells of a clocktower.

 

Beatrice wished she could hold Subaru’s hand through the glass of his jar.

 

[“Rem!” Subaru shouted, vaulting over a tree root and promptly getting smacked on
the cheek by a branch. “I can't see where I'm going!”]

 

[“Straight…Straight ahead,” her voice called back. “This will be settled when we pass
through the barrier. Head for the bonfires in the village!"]

 

[Straight ahead — but I can’t even tell which way is the front! I never thought that
darkness could ruin my sense of direction like this — and I can’t grope ahead with this
little girl…!]

 

Valiantly racing forward through the darkness to save a little girl from a pack of vicious
beasts — it was the sort of scene that Julius should have admired, looked upon with star-
filled eyes as a scene straight out of a storybook. And indeed, part of him did feel that little
spark that normally left him warm and giddy.

 

But it felt somewhat sour, now, because there was also the scene of Subaru—!

 

Reinhard should have been there. If he had been there, then—

 

Felt watched with an intense expression on her face. So long as Subaru kept running, he
would make it. So long as he kept running, nothing else mattered.

 



[I’m out of breath. I’m scared that I’ve lost my way. I’m scared that the mabeasts are about
to catch me. My left arm is going numb. My jacket is soaked in my own blood. It’s probably
dripping behind me, leading a perfect trail for those hungry monsters, right…?]

 

That was exactly right, Anastasia thought grimly. But there was nothing he could do about it
now.

 

Ricardo watched as Subaru ran like a frightened rabbit from a pack of hungry dogs and felt a
bit like his heart had frozen in his chest.

 

[Am I making any progress? Everything looks the same. I feel like I’m running in circles. I
want to give up. I want to—]

 

Garfiel had never thought he’d hear his Captain’s voice sound so…pitiful. The terror, the
uncertainty, the despair — all of that were things he had seen his Captain as a symbol of
protection against. And yet here he was, and…

 

Garfiel couldn’t help feeling oddly guilty about that.

 

Then give up, Ferris wanted to snap. If it hurts so much and is so scary to you, then give up
already, you stupid, worthless piece of—!

 

[But the sound of chains—]

 

Rachins snarled. And on top of everything else—!

 

“It sounds like he’s running from Rem more than he is from the actual mabeasts,” Tivey
muttered. Not like he could blame him for it. Hetaro hissed in agreement.

 

“I hate her,” Mimi growled quietly. “I hate her, I hate her, I hate her…!”



 

Ricardo grimaced. Fearing one’s allies to that extent was…

 

Emilia wanted to cry. Had Subaru been this terrified of the place that should have been his
home — this whole time? Had he felt unsafe and scared and alone, this whole time? Had he
been quietly dreading the return of that sound of chains this whole time—?

 

Ram wondered if she was going to be sick. If Subaru had feared Rem to this extent, then he
had also feared Ram, because Ram’s beloved little sister was an extension of Ram herself.
And, the idea that Subaru had been more terrified of her little sister than of the monsters in
the forest…!

 

Rem flinched at every jingle of those chains, terrified of the sound right alongside the Subaru
onscreen. She couldn’t help agreeing with the sentiment: that woman wearing her skin was
five, no, ten times more terrifying than any of those glorified dogs.

 

—Felt watched the meteor intently. It didn’t matter to her one bit if Subaru was running from
the beasts or the Oni girl. So long as he kept running, that was all that really mattered right
now. And if the sound of chains kept him moving as fast as he could, then so be it. He just
had to keep—!

 

[“—Rem!” Subaru finally cried out in relief. “I see light! Someone from the village
is...at the barrier!”]

 

“Thank Od,” Julius muttered. He wasn’t sure how much more of this his poor heart could
take.

 

[And then, for just a moment, he turned around.]

 

Ram gasped out loud, eyes widening in horror.

 



[Rem… Subaru gasped inwardly.]

 

Frederica clasped both hands to her mouth.

 

Rem—

 

[Rem was an utter mess. Her outfit was torn to shreds, her flesh was marred with cuts
and scrapes, her hair was tangled and dirty and soaked in so much blood that he could
no longer make out that vivid blue. And there she was, protecting Subaru with the
viciousness of a ferocious lion.]

 

Emilia suddenly remembered something that her old self had said, way back during Subaru’s
very first day at the Estate.

 

“If you say things like that so easily," she had warned, worried sick about Subaru’s
willingness to admit his vulnerabilities to a room full of strangers, “then bad people will
make mincemeat out of you…!”

 

She had been right. She had been so right. She had been more right than she could have ever
even imagined.

 

—In the present moment, Subaru stopped talking. He stopped arguing. He stopped breathing,
utterly entranced by the image on the meteor.

 

[She looks like a true hero.]

 

Rem wanted to scream. HERO?!

 

Covered in blood, wielding a weapon made to turn men into mincemeat, slaughtering
monster after monster— how could such a figure EVER be called a—?!



 

—Oh, Subaru thought.

 

That was right.

 

Man. I’m being really stupid right now, aren’t I?

 

[—Rem suddenly pivoted, launching herself towards Subaru with an outstretched
hand.]

 

["Rem—?!"]

 

[And Subaru was shoved with enough momentum to send him sprawling forward. He
managed to curl around the girl in his arms to protect her from the shock, but slammed
face-first into the ground himself as a result, tumbling across the dirt and root and
rock.]

 

Shrieks erupted throughout the theater.

 

“HEY!” Mimi snarled. “What was THAT for?!”

 

“Is she turning on him?!” Hetaro gasped. “Is she— But why here? Why NOW?!”

 

“Here it comes…!” Rachins hissed.

 

Wilhelm growled, clenching the armrests of his seat as he leaned forward, both eyes blazing
bright and vicious.

 



“She better not—!” Garfiel bared his teeth, trying to disguise his terror. “She better not, or I’ll
— I’ll—!”

 

“Subaru—!” Emilia cried. “SUBARU—!”

 

Everyone else might be frightened. Everyone else might doubt Rem — and it made sense,
given that they…didn’t really know her, not like Subaru did.

 

They had seen those days, yes, but they hadn’t spent those first two loops with Rem
themselves. They didn’t know what it was like to make latte art with her in the kitchen,
watching her eyes narrow in concentration as she tried her best to make a simple heart out of
steamed milk. They didn’t know what it was like to realize that she had been standing by his
bedside, holding his hand through one of the longest nights of his life. There was a reason
why Subaru had come to love her so much even before she had saved his heart and his soul
that day in the Capital, after all — and even if he was the only one who understood his own
heart, his heart was still beating in his chest, strong and true.

 

[Subaru started to get up again, turning to spit out dirt and ask Rem why she had done
something so violent—]

 

["…You're kidding me…”]

 

[Wind enveloped the earth, sand and mud in a vortex, resulting in a river of soil that
tore up the trees by their roots and flowed through the very spot where Subaru had just
been a moment ago — all originating from that familiar little puppy, now glowing with
the golden hue of Earth magic.]

 

“Seriously?!” Rachins cried, hands tugging at his hair. “On top of everything else, those
things have access to—?!”

 

It should have been cause for relief, that Rem had simply been thrusting him out of harm’s
way. But instead, this reveal of yet another layer of danger only served to make Crusch’s
heart sink further into despair.



 

What would her old self had done, faced with such a hopeless situation? Crusch wished she
knew the answer to that.

 

—That was right. There was a reason why Subaru would come to look up to Rem so very,
very much. But more importantly than even that — Subaru remembered these days. Even if
nobody else did, Subaru would always remember. Wasn’t that right?

 

And Subaru knew, better than anyone else — that Rem had never hurt him again.

 

["—R-Rem?!" Subaru called out, realizing in a panic that he could no longer see her. —
But then he spotted her high in the dark sky, just in time to watch her body fall and her
skull and bones all crunch against the hard ground. Redness spattered around her like
yet another bloody rose in the forest of violence and gore.]

 

Ram croaked something out, eyes filled with horror and pain.

 

She already knew, of course, that her little sister got out of this just fine. And as an Oni, she
knew that Rem would have been able to withstand a blow of that magnitude with ease.

 

But to see her crumpled up like that on the floor of the forest—!

 

["Re… You idiot!” Subaru cried.]

 

“Nee-sama?”

 

Rem was right here. Ram stared into her little sister’s concerned blue eyes, and reminded
herself that she was right here, and she was fine.

 

She had looked just fine, when she had been lying in that—



 

—Rem squeaked as Ram’s hands suddenly grasped desperately onto the sleeves of her
nightgown, her older sister yanking her close in one swift movement so that she could wrap
her arms around her body and hold her tight.

 

“Nee-sama?!” Rem asked in a high-pitched voice. “Nee— What—?”

 

“For-Forgive me, Rem,” Ram choked out. “Your big sister is…”

 

Rem blinked slowly.

 

[“How can you…?” Subaru shook his head. “What have I been…?!"]

 

[What have I been doing this for?!]

 

Her sister in the present moment, and that boy in the past…

 

Rem was suddenly reminded of the tale of The Red Oni Who Cried, and how the Blue Oni
who put himself on the line for his dear friend ended up unwittingly costing the Red Oni the
thing that he valued most.

 

[But before Subaru could finish that shout, he froze. And so did those mabeasts.]

 

Rom went still. Ricardo sucked in a breath. Wilhelm clenched his fists. After all, there wasn’t
much in this world that could scare a Wolgarm into hesitating in the middle of an attack.

 

[That pressure… The heavy presence of death is nearby, isn’t it?]

 



“The presence of death…” Tivey muttered. —As a mercenary captain, he knew exactly what
sort of presence Subaru must be referring to.

 

Hetaro did, too, pressing into his brother’s side. And he also knew the kind of danger such a
presence warned of, whenever someone were unlucky enough to sense it knocking on their
door.

 

—Mimi’s eyes narrowed at the offending figure, muscles taut as if she were ready to pounce
through the meteor and into the memory.

 

Rem hadn’t hurt Subaru YET. But it didn’t even take her sharp instincts — honed from years
working as a mercenary — to understand that the entire battlefield was about to change, with
that Oni girl at the very center of it all.

 

[Slowly, they all watched as Rem’s body rose from the ground. All her wounds had
closed. There was no sign of any injury, now. In fact, the only tell that remained was the
red smoke of boiled blood wafting around her from the heat of the healing energy
coursing through her veins.]

 

Subaru giggled, and then started cackling hysterically. Everyone in the theater startled,
turning around to face him.

 

“Su…” Emilia swallowed. “Subaru?”

 

[Rem turned her head, and Subaru caught her eye.]

 

“Mahan!” Subaru laughed, hand on his forehead. “I’ve really been ridiculous, huh? I already
know how all this goes, after all. Guess the nerves of this place have started getting to me,
too…”

 

Despite his best efforts to avoid it — it was probably a useless endeavor from the start, with
all the stress going around from all being trapped together and forced to watch one of the



most miserable snuff films of all time. Subaru shook his head at himself. Really, wasn’t it his
job to keep everyone smiling? What was he doing, getting nervous like this when he already
knew what was coming next?

 

[That glint was the look of a creature that had lost all trace of reason. That was the
smile of a madwoman. And, in the center of her forehead…]

 

A single horn, shining like a star. Julius felt his breath catch in his throat: he had never really
expected to see something like that in person.

 

It was beautiful, in the way that a wildfire could be described as beautiful. It was pure, in the
way that a toxin could be described as pure. It radiated power, danger, madness, death. Even
through the meteor, even as a mere memory, Julius could only describe the image before him
as utterly hypnotic.

 

[“An Oni,” Subaru gasped.]

 

“Rem never hurt me,” Subaru announced firmly, turning to the rest of the audience. “Not in
this final timeline, when I didn’t screw up anything between us. The truth is that none of you
have seen her true nature yet — because you haven’t seen ME step up enough to earn it.”

 

["Ah-ha…” Rem laughed, a loud and bright and wicked sound, a laugh filled with
cruelty. “Ah-ha-ha—”]

 

“Step up to earn—” Otto shook his head. “Natsuki-san, that’s ridiculous!” he snapped. “What
do you mean, you had to step up to earn it? Rem—!”

 

“Rem was only ever doing what she thought was best,” Subaru retorted, voice strong in a
way that it hadn’t been before. Otto faltered. “She was protecting her sister from a threat. She
was tolerating a presence that might become a problem. —And once I had proven my worth,
she gave everything she had to make sure that I would be safe, too. That’s the kind of person
that Rem is.”

 



Rem stared at Subaru silently from across the room. He didn’t seem to notice, his attention
firmly on everyone else.

 

“…That’s really how you feel, isn’t it?” Crusch finally asked.

 

“Yes,” Subaru confirmed, voice strong and firm and true. “That’s the kind of person Rem is.
And even before everything she did to save me again and again in the Capital, Rem has
always been Rem.”

 

—Anastasia blinked. “The Capital?”

 

[And then, with might befitting an Oni, Rem’s body charged the Ulgarm Wolves.]

 

Rachins stared in disbelief at the scene in front of him. One singular, humanoid form —
holding its own against a force like that? It didn’t make any sense…!

 

But Rem wasn’t a human, Otto understood grimly. Rem was an Oni. And the scene he was
seeing before him now was proof of that in more ways than one.

 

Every blow made Frederica quail and flinch backwards, eyes wide and shoulders shaking.
Every crunch, every squelch, every smash…!

 

Ram grimaced. The crazed, faraway look on her little sister’s face right now…

 

[The Oni slew one wolf after another with her iron ball, turning monsters to mincemeat
with each incredible blow. Blood, bone, guts, gray matter — before Subaru’s terrified
eyes, all scattered across the forest in her wake.]

 

—That was right, Wilhelm suddenly remembered, momentarily distracted from the gory
scene onscreen. That detail had been knocked violently out of his mind by the sight of that
woman tormenting Subaru so viciously…but Rem had only gotten her Name and Memories



eaten in the first place because she had been helping escort Lady Crusch back to the Capital
after the defeat of the White Whale. That meant that she had to have been there for the battle
against the Whale — and before that, she would have had to have stayed with Subaru in the
Capital even after Lady Emilia had left to return to the Mathers Estate. “Everything she did
to save me again and again,” Subaru had said — what had Rem been up to during that time
period, exactly?

 

“Yeah, back during the whole expedition against the White Whale!” Subaru smiled brightly
as he nodded. Then he paused. “I, uh, doubt that this whole thing is going to go and hit the
three-month mark—” He certainly hoped not, anyway: this entire experience had been
humiliating enough already, and he sure didn’t need these people seeing him like THAT. “—
But the bottom line is that she saved my heart and my soul — and everything else of mine,
too.”

 

Wilhelm knew that Subaru meant every word of it. He knew it, because Subaru wore his
heart on his sleeve. And so, in most circumstances, he would know that he could trust him
completely and utterly.

 

But after Subaru had gone so far to excuse Rem for the inexcusable…

 

Wilhelm trusted Subaru immensely, he really did — but when it came to Rem, specifically,
just how much could Wilhelm take him at his word?

 

Rom grimaced. He wasn’t inexperienced, when it came to unhealthy loyalties and
manipulations by bad actors. He didn’t want to think badly of someone that Subaru so clearly
loved quite literally to death and back — but it was difficult not to, in the current situation.

 

Ricardo was thinking something similar to the other two old guys, but he kept a smile on his
face, all the same. After all, right here and now would be one of the absolute worst times to
needle Subaru about the…increasingly worrying dynamic between him and the blue-haired
love of his life.

 

“Well,” he said lightly. “It’s always nice for a guy to think so highly of a girl in his life, eh?”

 



[“Witchbeast!” Rem bellowed, swinging her iron ball and chain like a ballerina as she
danced among the blood and gore. “Witchbeast! Witchbeast! Witchbeast! Witch!!”]

 

Rem’s gaze flickered — between the boy in the jar whom she had tortured and murdered, to
the mad oni slaughtering wild dogs in a hysterical frenzy, and back to the boy who, despite
everything, still insisted that he loved her.

 

Perhaps these other people could take Subaru at his word, even if just a little bit. She could
see the doubt in their faces, their confusion about whether they should be believing his
testimony or the evidence presented before their own eyes and ears. But for Rem herself, the
answer was obvious: That is such bullshit.

 

And yet here she was, biting her tongue — because saying something like that aloud to that
tender-hearted boy would likely sting far, far worse than she ever would have intended. And
she had likely already hurt him more than enough for one — no, several lifetimes.

 

[Covered in blood, laughing hysterically, with a white, glowing horn on her forehead…
Subaru couldn’t stop shaking in fear. She looks like an Oni straight out of a fairytale.]

 

Beatrice trembled. For as idyllic as Subaru’s homeland seemed to have been, they sure did
have some terrifying fairytales, didn’t they?

 

Perhaps it was more apt than she had thought — to say that Subaru had been dropped right
into the middle of one.

 

[I don’t have the courage to raise my voice. If she… Subaru swallowed. If she sees me
now, Rem will surely…!]

 

He had been so hurt, when he had returned from the forest. They had all believed that he was
about to die. Emilia covered her mouth with her hands, horrified tears beading at the corners
of her eyes.

 



[The mabeasts hadn’t stopped to appreciate Rem’s Oni form. Instead, they charged.]

 

“Shit…!” Rom cursed. He had hoped that the shock would perhaps buy those two some time,
at the very least…!

 

—In the present moment, Rem could only take that absurd action as proof that those things
were mindless indeed. Only something mindless would willingly, unhesitatingly charge at a
monster like THAT, after all.

 

[She has to have mowed down so many of them, at least the number that first pursued us,
Subaru thought with horror. But they just keep coming!]

 

“Crap…!” Tivey hissed.

 

“Language,” Anastasia warned lightly. She tried not to sound as tense as she felt — because
Subaru was absolutely right.

 

["Even if she's in her Ultimate Mode, there's no way she can hold out against enemies
with infinite spawn…!”]

 

“How many of those things…?” Rachins croaked.

 

“They breed like rabbits,” Rom muttered. “Best to assume it’ll be endless. If they don’t get
past the barrier soon, they’ll lose to sheer numbers alone.”

 

Rem wasn’t so sure. Looking at that monster fighting off wave after wave of beasts, she got
the ominous impression that such a creature could fight forever.

 

[The mabeast pup began to deploy a magic circle. Subaru spun to face it. Rem did, too,
sending her iron ball flying towards the new threat.]



 

[Unfortunately—]

 

“Rem!” Ram cried out, watching in a panic as the pack leapt at her little sister’s back all at
once. Even for an Oni, an attack like that would—!

 

Ricardo hissed, bracing himself for impact. This wasn’t gonna be a pretty sight.

 

“Rem, look out!” Hetaro shouted, eyes wide, for a moment forgetting that it was a useless
thing to do. There was no evading those things now…!

 

“—Oh no,” Felt muttered, already bracing herself for what she knew Subaru was about to do.

 

[Subaru didn’t even think about it. He was already reaching for Rem’s back.]

 

Crusch gasped as she realized what was about to happen next.

 

“No—!” Wilhelm shouted.

 

“NO—!” Julius cried.

 

Emilia, Rem, Ram, Beatrice, and Otto all screamed in unison, but nobody could make out
anything but wordless panic and despair.

 

It was useless, in any case. There was nothing anyone could do about it now.

 

[Ah, Subaru thought dimly, watching as Rem’s face lost its monstrosity in favor of the
return of reason. A certain emotion spread across her eyes as she realized what he had



done. You can make a face like that, too.]

 

“I can’t watch,” Frederica moaned, covering her eyes with both hands and squeezing them
tight.

 

[Then there was a loud crunch, and Subaru screamed.]

 

But no matter how hard she tried to block out the sight, the sound of Subaru crying out in
pain couldn’t be pushed away.

 

[My wrist! My arm!]

 

Emilia heard screaming. She heard a lot of screaming. It was Subaru, wasn’t it? Subaru was
screaming. Subaru was screaming in agony, in terror, in— in—

 

She was on her feet. Her mouth was open. Her throat felt raw. There was so much noise
within her, around her, but all that she could hear was Subaru.

 

[Right leg, left flank, back—]

 

Beatrice was a Great Spirit who had seen many things, experienced many things, lived for
over four hundred years. And yet, she found herself desperately shutting her eyes and
covering her ears. —And then she found that she was as helpless in hiding herself from that
grisly scene as she had been in stopping it from occurring in the first place.

 

[Ankles crushed—]

 

Ricardo wanted to swear. With his ankles gone, now there was no way Subaru could run even
if he managed to—!

 



[Belly rent—]

 

Mimi was wailing. Hetaro was holding her, trying to calm her down. Tivey was frozen in
terror, unable to do anything but watch.

 

[Blood, intestines— all on the ground, now—]

 

Why was it always intestines? Why was it always his guts splattered across the ground? Felt
remembered the Bowel Hunter’s gleeful sadism at the sight of him bleeding out on the floor
of the Loot House and wanted to throw up.

 

[I can’t register the pain. Am I in pain? I can’t see. Everything’s red.]

 

“GET UP!” Rachins was shrieking. “GET UP! GET UP GET UP GET UP—!”

 

Reinhard felt oddly numb. He watched quietly. He hadn’t been there. And now he couldn’t
even feel anything regarding how he hadn’t been there to stop this.

 

Reinhard was a monster, after all. He was as much a monster as those beasts right there.

 

[“Subaru—!”]

 

[Is someone calling for me?]

 

Crusch could feel herself hyperventilating. She wanted to stop — he had to stop — but
before a scene like this, one which she was helpless to stop, what else was there for her to do
but—!

 



[I can’t lift my face enough to see. My balance won’t work right. My crushed ankles can’t
respond at even half-strength… Subaru collapsed.]

 

Garfiel was shrieking something. He wasn’t sure what. But the sight of his Captain, lying
there, crying out in pain as a bunch of mangy mutts all made mincemeat out of him at once
—!

 

[White fangs, going for his windpipe —]

 

Julius was already screaming. He had never stopped screaming, not since that first set of
teeth had closed down around Subaru’s arm. Yet at the sight of one of those monsters closing
in for the kill, he dimly wondered if his screams had become even shriller than before.

 

[— A morningstar rent the earth and smashed that white-fanged maw. Blood scattered.
Is it mine…?]

 

Rom swallowed. Good job, Rem!

 

“Get away from him!” Wilhelm cried, already on his feet, frantic beyond reason and simply
wanting every harmful thing — fang, claw, morningstar — every single one to be removed
from Subaru’s presence. “Get away from— Don’t you DARE—!”

 

[My life is draining away… How stupid. What’s the point of redoing all of it now?]

 

Anastasia was rooted to the spot. She couldn’t move. She wanted to look away, from this
ghastly and horrible scene in front of her, but she found that she just couldn’t look away—!

 

[My life is oozing out of the hole in my side like grains of sand from an hourglass…]

 

Ferris’ chest was heaving. He couldn’t breathe. He couldn’t see. He couldn’t hear. He wanted
to scream, cry, vomit— slam his fist into that agonized face, until it finally stopped that



horrible wailing sound threatening to tear him apart—!

 

[I’m fading. It’s over. It’s all…over.]

 

—Ram remembered this part, actually. She had been watching them. Through the eyes of the
creatures of the forest, she had watched as those monsters ripped Subaru to pieces before her
very eyes.

 

But she hadn’t been there, and—

 

[“Don’t die,” Rem’s voice sobbed. “Don’t die, don’t die, don’t die—!”]

 

“Will you MAKE UP YOUR MIND?!” Rem screamed, eyes wild as she clutched at her own
face.

 

[I—]

 

The meteor went dark. The theater stared at the blackness in silence for a long, long moment.

 

“…So,” Rachins finally managed.

 

“I didn’t die,” Subaru answered quickly, understanding what he was about to ask before
Rachins could muster up the courage to ask it. “I didn’t — I live until the fifth day this time.
Honest. It just — got kind of touch and go, at one point.”

 

[Blackness turned into a dark swirl of colors. He wasn’t dead, not yet, but he was close.
Blinking in and out, in and out…]

 

["—no other way to save him?"]



 

["—all, I wonder? You should do as you please, then."]

 

“Beatrice,” Emilia muttered. “Rem and…”

 

Why would Beatrice be speaking with Rem?

 

[Far away — no, close by — at the border neither here nor there… Drifting in an out of
consciousness, Subaru blearily tried to make sense of his surroundings. A clinging voice.
A blunt voice. A crying voice. A voice with frozen emotion. Voices.]

 

Clinging and crying, Rem thought miserably. That’s what my voice is to you, is it?

 

Blunt and frozen. Beatrice averted her eyes. Yes, that was what she had sounded like for the
later part of those four hundred years, wasn’t it?

 

[—A soft hand. I remember this hand. I’ve felt this hand before.]

 

“I’m…?” Rem trailed off.

 

Why would she be holding his hand? She didn’t know. She didn’t have the capacity to
understand. Her old self was beyond understanding. She couldn’t, she wouldn’t, she would
never be able to see eye to eye with that crazed madwoman.

 

[I crave its warmth. I wanna go back…]

 

That crazed madwoman — whose warmth that loving boy craved like a flower did water and
sunlight.

 



[But the sensation of the hand suddenly grew distant. Far, far away, unreachable and
untouchable.]

 

["—I will…save…”]

 

[And then everything vanished and left him far, far behind.]

 

“Save…?” Rem repeated. She didn’t comprehend it. She never would. She had already
decided that much.

 

—Ram sucked in a breath, putting two and two together almost immediately. So that was
how that had happened.

 

["Unngh,“ Subaru suddenly moaned. “Oww..."]

 

[The meteor blinked to life.]

 

Everyone nearly collapsed with relief at the sight of an unfamiliar ceiling.

 

“I told you I survived, didn’t I?!” Subaru exclaimed, watching their reactions with a startled
expression on his face.

 

“Can you blame us for being a little worried?!” Rachins retorted. “Seeing something like
that…!”

 

He hadn’t been sure that anyone could survive something like THAT.

 

[Subaru stared up at the unfamiliar ceiling. Just how many times have I woken up like
this…?]



 

“Too many,” Beatrice growled.

 

“Far, far too many…!” Emilia moaned.

 

[Subaru stared at his arm for a moment, eyes following the collection of white scars 
that had blossomed across his skin. Then he yanked up his shirt to look at his painful
belly, and saw a similar display on his — his right side, his stomach, his right shoulder,
his rear, both of his ankles…]

 

Julius hissed softly at the sight, wincing. Frederica whimpered, lifting her hands to cover her
mouth. All across the theater, many others were having similar reactions to them both.

 

“One of them got me right on the butt,” Subaru scoffed, folding his arms with a theatrical sort
of embarrassment. “Of all the places to get bitten, on the buttcheek is just…!”

 

He faltered — because the looks on the faces that had turned his way were utterly devoid of
the amusement that he had been hoping for.

 

[Those mabeast really did make mincemeat out of me, didn’t they…?]

 

“That’s — not funny,” Mimi muttered. “That’s really, really not…”

 

It was difficult to find that funny, when they had just watched—

 

["I was sure I was a goner…” Subaru murmured.]

 

Even if Subaru had survived, it wasn’t the type of thing that she could laugh at.

 



["So I barely held on to life and got patched up after…?” Subaru looked around the
unfamiliar setting. This doesn’t look like one of the rooms in the Manor. It’s far too
cramped, isn’t it…?]

 

Frederica recognized it. Subaru was still in the village, then…?

 

She didn’t like that very much. She wanted him to be as far away from those woods as
possible after — that.

 

[And then Subaru noticed her, sitting in the wooden chair right next to the door.]

 

[“—Emilia,” he called out.]

 

[She was far too deeply asleep to respond.]

 

“Puck and I worked all night,” Emilia recalled softly. “I was so scared, when he came back
looking like…”

 

She had thought he was going off to help with something simple. When he had come back in
such a dire state, she had been terrified. If he had died so painfully after she had foolishly
sent him away with nothing more than kind words, Emilia knew that she never would have
been able to forgive herself.

 

[Her hair is all disheveled, her clothes are caked in blood and mud… Subaru reflected.
I’m wounded, and slept close to morning, and she’s sleeping right beside me…]

 

[“I’m in her debt again, huh…?” he murmured.]

 

“Of course not!” Emilia exclaimed. Subaru startled. “Of course I wouldn’t ask you to…!”

 



She had healed him because she had wanted to, with all her heart and soul. She had wanted
him to live. She had been so scared that he would die. To refer to her actions as something
that warranted a debt was — it was almost insulting.

 

“I know that now, Emilia,” Subarus said. “I…”

 

Emilia swallowed, and nodded. “Please — don’t forget it again, oh-kay?” she pleaded.
“Don’t ever…”

 

[“I wonder about that,” another voice said, and Puck emerged from Emilia’s hair. “This
time, Lia might think of it as giving you a hand because your hard work brought
results. —Heya. Good morning, Subaru. Those will hold you back, huh?"]

 

["Maybe not,” Subaru replied. “Feels a little stiff where I'm scarred, but I'm not gonna
complain about having my life saved. I'm a guy, so, don’t plan on whining just because
my body's scuffed up either.”]

 

Anastasia frowned. The fact that he had needed to voice that out loud made her a little
concerned. Ricardo had never bothered to say such things out loud unless Anastasia asked
him directly, after all: scars as marks of honor came naturally enough to him that he never felt
the need to put words to it.

 

And, with Subaru insisting that he wouldn’t whine about getting scarred up because he was a
guy…

 

To Subaru — was not lamenting his new scars a matter of wouldn’t, or couldn’t?

 

“Men are about guts and women are about beauty.” That was what Subaru had declared, and
he wasn’t wrong. But, as Hoshin had said: “Women should be courageous and men should be
charming.” As opposed to being a strict binary of all one or all the other, charm and courage
were necessary for men and women alike. A man wanting to be beautiful or a woman
wanting to be courageous — neither was anything to be ashamed of.

 



—Perhaps Anastasia was overthinking this. She pushed the thought to the back of her mind.

 

[I don’t intend to turn them into marks of honor from the field of battle, but the deep
feelings associated with those white scars won’t ever fade, Subaru reflected. —But what
happened to the source of these scars is more important to me.]

 

Wilhelm frowned. So he wouldn’t lament the loss of his clear skin — but he also wouldn’t
cherish the scars as marks of honor? Presented with both choices and choosing neither…

 

Even that would not have bothered Wilhelm, who knew that there were many kinds of people
in this world that he would never be able to understand — had he not suddenly wondered if
Subaru meant that he intended to carry those marks around as reminders of pain and trauma.

 

No, he thought to himself. No, surely that’s not what he meant…

 

["Guess it worked out like I expected, but... what actually happened after? To be
honest, I don't remember a thing after the dogs went chompy-chomp-chomp on me."]

 

Otto swallowed. It had been a bit more extreme than…

 

[''Chompy-chomp-chomp' is such a cute way to put it,” Puck said.  “From what I saw
when they hauled you in, it was more like, 'Chomp-munch-crunch-rip-yank-tear'…”]

 

["If it was like that I'd be dead already. Five or six extra arms wouldn't cover all
that…!”]

 

“That was an understatement, if anything,” Rom muttered. He still felt a little sick.

 

“You almost were,” Emilia said quietly. “You almost…”

 



She never would have forgiven herself, if the worst really had come to pass. Never, never,
never…

 

["Mm, well, the extra damage you didn't get was why the maid with the blue hair was
in a sorry state.”]

 

“Eh?!” Garfiel shouted. “She’s—?”

 

["Changing to her demon form makes that girl heal wounds very rapidly,” Puck added,
at Subaru’s sudden visible panic. “By the time she carried you back to the village, she
didn't have more than scratches left on the outside, enough that she didn't even need
recovery magic."]

 

["Don't scare me like that, then…” Subaru sighed.]

 

Garfiel sighed right alongside him, slinking back into his chair in relief. —He didn’t have any
love lost on that girl himself, but he knew as well as everyone else how badly it would hurt
Captain if she had been torn to pieces in his stead.

 

[“Anyway, Rem got back to the village, too, huh? What happened to the last kid with
me?"]

 

["You can rest easy about that. All seven children are safe. You really made the right
call, Subaru. Clap, clap…”]

 

[Guess his pause are too soft for audible applause, so he has to say it out loud… Subaru
shook his head to clear it, lips twisting upwards ever so slightly.]

 

It was kind of cute. Julius found himself smiling, just a little bit. Perhaps Subaru wasn’t that
far off, seeing Puck as more of a kitten than a monster. —Or more accurately, perhaps Puck
was alright with allowing Subaru to retain that impression of him, regardless of how much
his true self actually fit that ideal.



 

["Puck, what about lifting the curses on the kids who got back to the village?"]

 

["Don't worry about that, either. Magic healed them a fair bit, so Betty and I will lift
those curses in no time at all. They're as good as cured; you have my guarantee."]

 

“The Wolgarm that bit them were all killed, then,” Hetaro surmised.

 

“I’d be surprised if any survived Rem’s rampage,” Tivey muttered. It would be quite a shock,
if any that had been in the vicinity of the children managed to get far enough away to escape
the Oni girl’s incoming wrath the night before.

 

“Still,” Hetaro murmured. “Thank goodness…”

 

He didn’t want to know what Subaru would do, if those children had wasted away regardless
of his efforts to save them. Partially because he had already seen it, and he didn’t want to see
it again.

 

Beatrice grimaced. That much was true, yes. But, of course…

 

There had been one whose many, many curses she and Bubby hadn’t been able to lift.

 

["And Emilia…? She pulled an all-nighter?"]

 

["I told her to just be patient and wait, but she wouldn't listen. She even wore down her
Od to heal you, so could you let her sleep?"]

 

Anastasia winced. That — wasn’t as much of a sacrifice for Emilia as it would be for herself,
she knew, but still…



 

Wearing oneself down that far on behalf of a man she barely knew — and she probably
hadn’t even hesitated to do it, either. The Merchant Princess couldn’t help but smile slightly.
Whatever issues she may have towards Lady Emilia, it had to be acknowledged that she were
a remarkably kind and selfless woman.

 

(Unfortunately, kindness and selflessness were not nearly enough to make a King.)

 

["Od…? What?"]

 

Julius opened his mouth to explain, but Puck had already beat him to it.

 

["The magical energy that fills the air around us is called mana,” Puck explained,
toying with a whisker. “Od is the opposite, the magical energy that all living things are
imbued with. The total capacity varies greatly from person to person, and drawing on it
really wears you out, so I told Lia to avoid using it as much as possible, but…”]

 

“But she just couldn’t stop herself, could she?” Felt muttered.

 

That was Big Sis in a nutshell, wasn’t it? Always helping, always giving, no matter how
much it took or how much it hurt. It — worried Felt, a little bit. Subaru was definitely the sort
of person who deserved that kind of unconditional support — the sort of person who would
return it tenfold — but Felt had the feeling that Emilia would give it to anyone she thought
was in need of it.

 

Crusch smiled. Lady Emilia truly was the benevolent sort, wasn’t she? As a lady herself,
Crusch thought that she perhaps admired her more than any other woman in Lugunica.

 

[In the first place, calling Puck out during the night is outside the terms of their pact,
Subaru reflected. If calling upon Puck and Beatrice was what it took to lift the curses,
Emilia wouldn't have hesitated even an instant. She helps others, even if it means getting
hurt. …That’s why I love her.]



 

Anastasia pursed her lips. That description sure did sound familiar. —A little ways away,
neither Crusch nor Felt could stop themselves from glancing in Subaru’s direction. A handful
of the three Candidates’ attendants did much the same.

 

“Funny.” Emilia smiled sadly. None of the Emilia Camp had even bothered to look at him:
they had all known this from the very start, after all. “That’s why I love…”

 

Then she faltered.

 

Subaru’s kind and selfless nature was something truly special: Emilia would never begrudge
him that. But…he got hurt far, far too often for her liking, didn’t he?

 

["This is someone's house in the village, right? Is it all right if I take a look around?"
Subaru was already sliding his legs off the bed.]

 

["Probably best to move around a little and see how well the healing took, anyway."]

 

“Not like anyone could stop him,” Otto muttered, watching Subaru head towards the door.
There was something bitter in his soul, now. He didn’t like it very much.

 

[Before Subaru stepped past Emilia, he lowered his head in a polite bow. He resisted the
urge to tease her as he made his way outside.]

 

Garfiel snorted. That sort of reverence didn’t suit Captain, not at all.

 

Frederica exhaled slowly. At least Subaru had remembered to say “Thank you," however
quietly he had needed to say it. Though really, she hoped he would remember to say it out
loud once Emilia was awake enough to hear it.

 



[“Ahh, well,” Subaru murmured, seeing the village in an uproar. “Guess that totally
figures.”]

 

Frederica sighed, thinking of that little town with sympathy. Bad things rarely happened in
Irlam, despite its — unusual location. An incident as frightening as all the local children
nearly dying in the forest would no doubt cause a panic that would last even after the danger
appeared to have abated.

 

[It’s a small village, so the details of even the tiniest disturbance spread like wildfire,
Subaru thought, looking at the scene of women, children, and the elderly worriedly
huddling around the stout young men arguing in the center of the circle. No doubt the
same men who pursued Rem and I. —Several are wearing bandages, aren’t they…?]

 

“They had to help Rem fight off the Wolgarm after Captain passed out,” Garfiel realized.

 

Otto shivered at the thought of that grizzly scene. A young girl carrying back her half-dead
companion, chased by mabeasts eager to finish the job, needing the assistance of the village
men to beat those monsters back long enough to get him to the relative safety of…

 

He didn’t want to think about it anymore.

 

[But I can’t see—]

 

["—So you are awake, Barusu?"]

 

[Ram!]

 

“You came down to the village, then?” Rom said.

 

“Of course,” Ram replied. “A disturbance as terrible as that? Lord Roswaal would need
someone to represent him.”



 

Not to mention Subaru, lying half dead in that room…

 

[Ram was carrying a basket full of steamed potatoes. The smell prompted Subaru’s
stomach to growl.]

 

[Ah, he realized. I’m really hungry.]

 

“I’ll bet,” Crusch muttered. Anyone would be half-starved after all that chaos — never mind
the extreme blood loss and the strain of healing magic.

 

["How unsightly, waking up ready to eat after worrying others with such grave
wounds,” Ram commented dryly. “Perhaps you caught rabies from the bites?"]

 

["That's not what these dogs are spreading. Oh, and hey, you worried about me?"]

 

["Just eat."]

 

["Hfwoh!"]

 

[Ram had responded to Subaru’s teasing for her rare slip of the tongue by stuffing a hot
potato into his mouth.]

 

Ricardo started laughing. “Upset at being called out, were ya, little lady?” he teased, a big
smile on his face.

 

Ram didn’t respond. Her face was far too serious. Ricardo’s smile faded. “Little lady?”

 



(Why had she been so hesitant to be clear with him about how she had felt? Why hadn’t she
thought to go ahead and make it obvious?)

 

(Ram had thought it was obvious already. That was the real answer, here, wasn’t it?)

 

[Subaru downturned his face and loudly wolfed the whole thing down.]

 

Julius spluttered. “—Try to have SOME table manners, would you?!”

 

["I thought I was gonna die there! Tasted good, though!"]

 

Beatrice winced. Subaru winced at the look on her face: he wouldn’t be able to joke around
like that around them anymore.

 

["Of course it was tasty,” Ram smirked. “They were freshly baked…no, steamed."]

 

[“Oh man, that I’m-so-awesome face ticks me off. Still tastes good, though!”]

 

["Yes, yes. Be quiet if you want another one."]

 

[Subaru accepted the potato, fawning over it like a child.]

 

Ricardo chuckled. Subaru pointed a finger at him preemptively, face pink. “Shut!”

 

It was a very adorable image. Old Man Rom could agree with that. —But, in the context of
what they had just witnessed, that gentle and cheerful innocence felt less like a comfort and
more like a knife twisting into his heart.

 



["Well, I should simply thank you outright concerning the incident last night. Well
done."]

 

["Sure didn't come easily... But why are you thanking me?"]

 

["When the people of a fiefdom suffer harm, it calls the Lord into question. At that rate,
the children would have fallen to the Ulgarm pack…and so, I believe your actions to
have been correct, Barusu.”]

 

["Ulgarm... Huh." So that’s what they’re called. —Hey, isn’t that a kind of beast
straight out of mythology…?]

 

Anastasia tilted her head. “Stories from your homeland?”

 

“Yeah,” Subaru said. “It sounds a bit like ‘Garmr,’ which was a term kind of like hellhounds
in the Norse mythos. …I, uh. I don’t know much more than that, though. Sorry.”

 

“So there are multiple kinds of mythologies, then…?” Anastasia murmured. Far from being
put off by that comment, the Merchant Princess found herself becoming all the more curious.

 

[It’s a fitting name, anyway. Certainly conveys the idea that your life is in danger just from
one encounter with the damn thing.]

 

Julius swallowed. That much was certainly true. He didn’t think he would ever be able to get
the sight of Subaru being torn to pieces by those things as he cried out in agony out of his
mind.

 

["We rewove the frayed barrier last night,” Ram said. “Judging from the lack of any
issues with it overnight, no Ulgarm Wolves should be crossing the barrier from here on
out.”]

 



["That's only if no one here crosses past it, right? Not much point to it if a bunch of kids
crosses it to play on the other side and a ‘puppy’ comes back with them?”]

 

Ricardo winced hard at that image.

 

“Kids…!” Mimi hissed.

 

["That makes painful listening,” Ram said, her expression unchangingly neutral. “I
shall have a word with the villagers later."]

 

[Most likely, it’s the villagers' duty to check that the barrier is up and running and to report
if it’s not, Subaru surmised. Their laxness in doing so caused Roswaal difficulty and
rubbed Ram the wrong way…]

 

That had been part of it. But — Ram had also been angry about how her new junior servant
had been brutalized as a result of their apparent lackadaisical actions. The fact that her being
angry on his behalf apparently hadn’t even crossed his mind…

 

Why hadn’t it even crossed his mind? Ram had thought it was so, so OBVIOUS.

 

[After that, Subaru snatched two more steamed potatoes from Ram before they went
their separate ways: Ram heading for the distraught, arguing villagers while Subaru
carried on.]

 

“Young men and their stomachs,” Ricardo chuckled. “Bottomless pits, the lot of them…”

 

[She’s surely acting out of fondness for the village, Subaru reflected. It’s just like Ram to
use steamed potatoes to display that goodwill, too…]

 

It had been for you, too! Ram wanted to cry. Why didn't you see that?!



 

["Man, these potatoes are delicious, though. Going light on the salt did real wonders."]

 

Subaru looked over at Ram hopefully, waiting for her to take the opportunity for some
prideful banter.“Taking advantage of the sweet and generous Ram, are you, Barusu?” she
might tease. Or maybe, “Of course. Ram’s steamed tatoes are her specialty. Even you, with
tastebuds like a pig, should be able to appreciate such a thing.”

 

“I’m glad you enjoyed them so much, Subaru,” Ram said quietly.

 

Subaru wilted.

 

[One by one, Subaru checked on all of the children they’d rescued. All were soundly
asleep from fatigue and exhaustion, but their cursed had all been lifted and none of
them had come away with more than perhaps a couple of scratches.]

 

Hearing it from Puck was one thing. But actually seeing the children alive and well…

 

Julius couldn’t help but breath a sigh of relief.

 

“Thank goodness,” Reinhard murmured, voice somewhat raw. Felt glanced at him, a small
smile on her face.

 

[But their parents and relatives are thanking me almost to excess! Subaru exclaimed
inwardly, turning scarlet. I didn’t do this out of a desire for gratitude, so this is sparking a
near-terminal case of stage fright. I gotta get out of here…!]

 

“Aww, c’mon!” Ricardo said, making a show of pouting. “Ya gave everyone such a scare,
getting all chewed up like that. The least ya can do is let them thank their children’s precious
hero until he’s scarlet in the face, eh?”

 



“I dunno,” Julius joked. “With how much he’s blushing and stammering up there, I think he
might explode if they shower him with any more praise.”

 

“But what a way to go, ain’t it?”

 

“Can both of you just shut up?!”

 

Wilhelm chuckled. Of all the things that Subaru just couldn’t stand, it was praise and flattery
that did the trick, wasn’t it?

 

He nudged Ferris slightly. Ferris wobbled like a doll, otherwise completely unresponsive.
Wilhelm’s smile faded.

 

[I wanted to return and wait for Emilia to wake up, Subaru thought, once he had finished
his sweep of the village. But I haven’t seen…]

 

Crusch frowned. The Great Spirit Puck had said that Rem was alright, hadn’t he? So…

 

“So why haven’t we seen her yet?” Ricardo muttered aloud.

 

[The sight of the Oni girl, laughing loudly while covered in blood spatter, rose from the
back of his mind. It was a spectacularly ghastly sight.]

 

[And yet, he reflected. I don’t feel afraid at the memory of it, do I…?]

 

Rem stared at the meteor in disbelief. What did he MEAN, he wasn’t afraid of her?! Did he
not have any self-preservation instincts at all?!

 



“Not a word,” Subaru snapped. He wasn’t looking at Rem, but at everyone else who had
begun to side-eye him from across the theater. “Unless it’s something nice, I don’t wanna
hear a word about it, got it?”

 

He couldn’t stop them from thinking or feeling whatever it was that they thought or felt. But
he could stop them from saying it out loud.

 

[What was it that I’d felt when I saw that pure white horn grow from her forehead? he
wondered. Yes, back then, what I had felt was—]

 

["—There you are,” a familiar voice interrupted. “Just in time."]

 

Julius blinked. “Lady Beatrice?”

 

["Aren't you going to get that long dress awfully dirty, going outside with it like this?"
Subaru said.]

 

["I suppose magical power might repel the sources of grime, such as mud and sand,”
Beatrice answered with surprising seriousness. “More importantly, I need to speak with
you."]

 

Anastasia’s eyes widened. So that’s what this was about. With that look on that girl’s face, it
wasn’t difficult to figure it out.

 

Felt hissed softly. Rom pressed his lips together. Both of them had realized it as one.

 

["Come to think of it, you're here outside the mansion because you were lifting the
curses on the kids, right?” Subaru said, following her as she walked away from the
townspeople. “Thank you."]

 

["…’Tis nothing. I suppose I only did it because Bubby asked me to."]



 

[Though, even Beatrice must know that he only asked her because Emilia asked him to,
Subaru thought fondly. And yet she just has to use Puck as her reason regardless…]

 

Crusch smiled. It was amusing, in a childish sort of sense. More amusing still, that Beatrice
attempted this facade in the face of a boy who could see through it all like water.

 

Beatrice remained still as stone. There was no amusement on her face. She remembered this
part, she was pretty sure.

 

["So, what did you bring me all the way out here to tell me?" Subaru asked.]

 

["I thought it had the proper atmosphere to deter you from making boorish jokes,”
Beatrice returned, having brought him to a flowerbed by the far corner of the village,
where nobody else was around.]

 

“Should know better than to expect that by now,” Julius murmured. His joking comment
lacked any real bite.

 

[Subaru frowned, watching her toy with her skirt. What's with her? Is it that hard to
say…? This isn’t typical Beatrice behavior at all. She has the air of a little girl afraid of
angering her parents.]

 

[Subaru didn’t try to drag it out of her. He crossed his arms, leaned against the wooden
fence of the flowerbed, and waited.]

 

Hetaro smiled wistfully. That sort of patience, and that sort of intelligence, and even that sort
of posture right there…

 

Really. Subaru would make a very good older brother if he were ever given the chance,
wouldn’t he?



 

[Beatrice seemed to steel her resolve at the sight of him waiting patiently.]

 

["—In less than half a day, you will die."]

 

The theater fell completely silent.

 

Emilia was the one who broke it. “…What?” she croaked.

 

“Didn’t ya figure it out already, Lady Emilia?” Anastasia muttered. Emilia turned towards her
with wide eyes. “All those curses laid upon each other, one after another…”

 

It was no wonder that even a Great Spirit wouldn’t be able to remove them in time.

 

“But…” Emilia swallowed. “But nobody ever told me…”

 

["I suppose you are less agitated than I expected,” Beatrice said, raising her eyebrows
at his muted reaction. “I thought you would be crying like a baby by now."]

 

Beatrice had been somewhat impressed at the time, having mistaken that muted reaction as a
particularly unusual sort of calm maturity. Now she felt somewhat anguished, knowing that
instead, that relative indifference came from—

 

["Okay.” Subaru raised his right hand, showing two raised fingers. “There are two
possibilities I can think of here." Subaru bent down one of his raised fingers. "First, this
is graveyard humor, a really awful joke. Put bluntly, this really isn't funny, so…if you're
gonna bring out a wooden sign that says FOOLED YA! and laugh, go ahead, now's the
time."]

 

“That would be a sick joke,” Garfiel muttered. Otto silently agreed.



 

But Beatrice didn’t have much of a sense of humor in the first place, let alone a sense of
humor so mean-spirited and vile.

 

[Just as the two males had surmised, Beatrice said nothing, and her expression went
unchanged. Subaru folded the second finger. “…If it's not a joke, there's only one
possibility: The curse hasn't been lifted yet."]

 

Emilia stared at the meteor, having fallen utterly silent.

 

Why hadn’t she ever heard of this?

 

[Subaru glanced over the many white scars littering his body. Every single one…]

 

“But I — healed him,” Emilia managed. “I worked all night with Puck, and…”

 

Beatrice averted her eyes, feeling guilty and awkward. It had been Bubby’s wish to not say
anything, but Beatrice had gone along with it without a fight.

 

[“I’ll ask just to make sure,” Subaru said. “You can't lift the curse? You’re not holding
out on me here?”]

 

[I don’t think she’d say “No one asked me to, so I will not,” Subaru thought. But — I
want to at least ask…]

 

Beatrice hadn’t helped him at all in any loop when he hadn’t come out and asked her for it
directly, Crusch recalled darkly. But if that were the case, then…

 

“Is she giving him the opportunity to ask her for help outright?” Felt mused.



 

She had no idea what went through the heads of spirits, if that were the case. Spirit mages
might be powerful, but if dealing with a nutcase like this wouldn’t be worth the effort, would
it?

 

Anastasia hoped it were that simple a solution, but she knew that it was not.

 

[Alas, Beatrice shook her head. "If it was something I could remove, would it put you
eternally in my debt, I wonder?"]

 

["Hey, give me a break here. I'm already up to my eyeballs in debt to you!" And I’ll
never be able to repay you for even a smidgeon of it, either — not this time, nor the last,
nor the time before that…]

 

Beatrice hissed.

 

“Beako—”

 

“Never say that to me again,” she snapped. Her voice was raw. “Never— Promise me—!”

 

“I know, I know.” Subaru nodded, eyes round with worry. “I’m sorry. I promise I won’t.”

 

Hearing his apology only made her feel even worse, somehow.

 

“You’re…” She tried again. “You don’t owe me anything,” she managed. Her voice was a bit
calmer this time. “I — wanted, to help you. So you don’t owe me anything, I suppose.”

 

[Beatrice looked at him suspiciously, but Subaru waved his hand. "Mind if I ask why
you can't lift the curse?"]



 

["…I suppose you should at least know how you shall pass on. It is a simple tale. There
are too many layers of curses, making the curses too complex to lift."]

 

["…Curses have layers?"]

 

[Beatrice spread both hands apart, and a red string formed between them. "A curse is
like this red string, I wonder?” she said. “…This knot is a curse rite. I suppose lifting a
curse is as simple as undoing this knot. But...” With a motion of her fingers, many new
strings — blue, yellow, green, pink, black, and white — all formed, tying themselves
into knots and then tying the knots into one another.]

 

“That’s a rather ingenious way to demonstrate the issue,” Julius admitted, watching as Subaru
attempted to untangle the disastrous-looking knot. “It might be possible to untangle it with
enough time, but…”

 

[“You said it’s set for under half a day from now. What do you figure happens then?"]

 

Ferris snarled. Like Subaru didn’t already know the answer to that.

 

["So they attack people when they're hungry?” Subaru said upon hearing Beatrice’s
affirmative answer. “That's a wild animal for you — keeps things simple. I suppose I
should be grateful their bellies weren't empty before now."]

 

[I wanna lash out and hit something, but my hand is buried in string right now…! Subaru
glared at the mess of thread.]

 

Reinhard frowned. “I believe there are more important things to worry about than thread,” he
said.

 



Ricardo chuckled weakly. What a petty thing to be angry about, in a situation as dire as this.
But — that sort of pettiness was only human, wasn’t it?

 

["Are you not afraid, I wonder?" Beatrice suddenly asked.]

 

["Huh?"]

 

["From your point of view, what I have said is a death sentence,” she said. “Also, even
though Bubby and I have the means to save you, we cannot because there is no time for
it."]

 

Beatrice watched the meteor sadly. She remembered her confusion during that conversation,
her bewilderment at his apparent lack of care. It made more sense, now.

 

—Though. There had been another reason for her prodding him like that.

 

["What's with you—?” Subaru frowned. “You want me to blame you here?"]

 

[Beatrice was silent.]

 

["Maybe your and Puck's decision feels a bit inhumane,” he admitted, giving her a
pained smile. “But it's the natural, logical choice. The risk and effort involved are too
much. You two are right. I don't think it's heartless at all."]

 

The theater was silent for a long, long moment.

 

“…What a thing to say,” Felt finally managed.

 



“Too much effort?” Anastasia demanded. A rare sort of anger was bubbling upwards.
“Saving your life — would be too much effort?”

 

There was nothing in the world that superseded the value of one’s life. No matter what
happened, you had to live. That was what Lady Anastasia believed with all her heart and
soul.

 

—But that was the issue with this curse that Subaru was under, wasn’t it? Because if death
was treated as not a finality, but as a mere tool in a toolbox, then—

 

The worst part, Crusch thought grimly, was that she could already tell that Subaru would
never, ever apply that thinking to anyone but himself. The sheer hypocrisy of that comment
of his ate away at her from the inside out.

 

“Emilia…?” Subaru asked, somewhat meekly.

 

Emilia said nothing. She couldn’t think of anything that she could say, stunned into silence by
the very thought of—

 

["—I wanted to ask you something else, though. Do you mind?"]

 

["…What is it, I wonder?"]

 

["Does Emilia know that I'm still cursed?"]

 

“No,” Emilia managed. Her voice was hoarse and quiet, and it cracked under the strain of her
desperately fighting off tears. “Nobody ever said…!”

 

["The mixed-blood girl does not know,” Beatrice confirmed. “I suppose Bubby is not
attempting to lift your curse to hide its existence from the girl?"]



 

“…What?” Anastasia asked.

 

Emilia stared at the meteor.

 

Puck…

 

Puck had…

 

“Emilia,” Beatrice started to say — only to cut herself off.

 

["…Ah, I see. If Puck starts working on it, Emilia will be able to tell. She'd probably
pick up on the fact that my being cursed like this means the chances of saving me are
pretty slim, too."]

 

Emilia was looking at her with an unusually firm expression. I don’t want to hear it.

 

Beatrice averted her eyes. It was — natural, for Emilia to feel betrayed by this. Beatrice
couldn’t have realistically expected any other sort of reaction, could she…?

 

[This way, Emilia's heart would bear only the wound of his death. For Puck, who
prioritizes Emilia above all else, it’s a good and wise decision. Puck is tougher than he
looks.]

 

Emilia gritted her teeth. Puck—

 

And Beatrice. And Subaru, too. Not a single one of them had thought to say anything to her,
had they?

 



“Emilia-tan—”

 

“Don’t.”

 

Subaru shrank backwards.

 

The sight made Emilia swallow. This wasn’t fair. Subaru — had learned, by now, right? Back
in Sanctuary, he had…

 

She took a deep breath. Exhaled. When she opened her mouth again, she sounded more like
her usual self.

 

“We can talk about this later,” she said, a forced smile on her face. Once I know how I feel
about all of this. “We can talk later, oh-kay?”

 

“…Okay, Emilia-tan.”

 

Anastasia watched this interaction silently. Her eyes were cold. Nobody noticed.

 

["That aside…” Subaru pointed a finger at Beatrice. "You don't look malicious enough
to go through all this trouble just to hand down a death sentence to me."]

 

["…What do you know of me, I wonder?"]

 

["At the very least, enough that it feels like I know you four times as long as you think I
do."]

 

The entire theater seemed to flinch as one, in a violent sort of fashion.



 

“Sorry, sorry!” Subaru called out hastily, frantically trying to calm everyone down before
they could properly explode. “My bad, my bad — I won’t joke like that anymore, okay?! So,
let’s all just—!”

 

Beatrice croaked. All those hints he had so carelessly thrown her way, and she had never
even…?

 

Emilia wasn’t listening anymore, either. Her eyes were fixed on the meteor, a look of utter
devastation in her eyes.

 

[My relations with Ram and Rem are as good as they'd been since the first loop, Subaru
reflected. Putting aside the lap pillow, things are A-OK with Emilia…]

 

Putting aside the…?

 

“I was happy to help you, Subaru,” Emilia said faintly. “I was…”

 

His kindness wasn’t worth the patience. His tears weren’t worth the comfort. His life wasn’t
worth the effort. Emilia had known for a long time that Subaru thought — a little too lowly of
himself, but this was…

 

It was no exaggeration to say that Subaru was the most important person in Emilia’s life, and
that made this revelation all the more unpleasant and surreal. She didn’t like it at all, but she
didn’t even UNDERSTAND it. How could Subaru have ever believed any of this about
himself?

 

[Now I know the identity of the shaman, the source of all my ills, and the children's lives
have been saved. Really, this loop is near full marks, the best by far — if only I can live
through it…]

 



Garfiel frowned.

 

It was good to hear that Subaru had been so happy with this loop so far. But at the same
time…

 

“The best loop yet, isn’t it…?” Frederica muttered aloud. Was it really alright for someone to
think about — this — like that, in terms of “worst” and “best”? Something about that mindset
felt off, but she wasn’t sure that she could really articulate it if she were asked.

 

So, she didn’t say anything. Part of her felt like a coward for this, but the truth was that she
didn’t know what it was that she WANTED to say, so what could she do?

 

["You, Rem, and Emilia healed my wounds, right?” Subaru suddenly said. “That's not
the way you treat someone you figure is a goner from a curse and can't be saved."]

 

[Beatrice visibly wavered.]

 

[“Man, you suck at lying,” Subaru laughed.]

 

Anastasia tilted her head. She had noticed it before, but — Subaru was shockingly
emotionally intelligent, wasn’t he?

 

It was true that he lacked common sense, was oblivious to most social norms, trusted others
far too easily, and rarely paid much attention to how much he was telling others at once. But
when it came to noticing the little things, and responding to tense situations in a manner that
would most quickly diffuse them and resolve things in an amicable fashion…

 

The most that Anastasia could criticize was that Subaru was far too prone to give others the
benefit of the doubt, biased in that he always wanted to paint the people around him in the
best possible light. But putting that aside: it was rare to meet someone this well-suited to
getting along with other people. If she were asked, she very well may call this aspect of
Subaru’s character his greatest strength.



 

["It is a fact that the odds of your being saved are incredibly low. I suppose that is why
Bubby did not want the girl to have anything to do with it?"]

 

["So that's why you're playing the villain to soak up all my anger,” Subaru said,
amused. “That's way too roundabout for a little girl. So, would you tell me about that
really-low-odds possibility?"]

 

He’s so calm, Julius thought. It was admirable, in a sad sort of way. After all, it was only by
staying calm that Subaru stood even the barest of chances in a situation like this.

 

He’s so hopeful, Reinhard thought. But hadn’t Subaru always been that way, with starry eyes
and a carefree smile — right from the very start? It was as hope and joy and kindness were
the very core of who he was as a person, wasn’t it?

 

Ferris wanted Subaru to just give up already. Just give up, curl up and die. Wasn’t that all he
was good for? Wasn’t that what he had decided on already? Why was he still going along
with this farce?

 

—And yet, the thought of Subaru dying yet again made him want to scream.

 

[“—What happens to the curse if the caster dies?" Subaru finally asked.]

 

“Well done, Subaru-dono!” Wilhelm praised. Subaru startled. “Figuring it out all on your
own like that, when you didn’t know about magic, curses, or mabeasts until a day ago…!”

 

["A normal curse would continue to take effect. But isn't this rite for eating, I wonder?
If the eater loses his life, the feeding would logically cease midway."]

 

“It really is impressive,” Julius agreed. Subaru jolted. “For someone who hadn’t ever
encountered such a thing before—”



 

“Wha—” Subaru’s face was turning red. “Wait—”

 

“Aw, don’t be like that!” Ricardo grinned. “It was a good move on your part, be proud of it!”

 

“Sto—!”

 

“But obviously he managed it,” Reinhard said mildly. “Subaru is a very smart and capable
person.”

 

Subaru squawked.

 

[So upon the caster's death, the curse reverts to a simple rite that Beatrice could lift
without difficulty…]

 

["So that's what it is,” Subaru concluded. “There were so many who put curses on me,
some are still out there."]

 

Rom watched Subaru flail under the sudden onslaught of praise with a small, somewhat sad
smile on his face. —He understood where the others were coming from. Listening to all that
self-deprecating talk all the time…

 

Perhaps Subaru needed to get used to hearing kinder things about himself, really.

 

(And anyway: it was apparently much, MUCH easier to fluster him with praise.)

 

(Ferris didn’t lift his head. It didn’t matter that, aside from healing, flustering his targets was
what he did best. He wasn’t in the mood.)

 



[If each and every bite inflicted a curse, there was no way to know how many I currently…
And more than that, taking out every single monster in less than half a day doesn’t seem
realistic. —That’s why Puck and Beatrice had dug in their heels, refusing to tell Emilia the
truth.]

 

Emilia gritted her teeth.

 

["Bubby was..."]

 

["You don't need to say it. I know how Emilia is…” Subaru sighed. “If she knew, she'd
probably try something crazy. That makes me real happy…and also real scared."]

 

Happy and scared, huh?

 

Just a little while ago, Emilia may have been able to say the same. But now, after seeing all
that she had, after watching him get torn up, beaten down, bloodied, broken, crying out in
pain as the light left his eyes—

 

At the knowledge that Subaru would gladly endure it all for her sake, all that Emilia could
feel was fright.

 

[Emilia doesn’t hesitate to help others, even if it hurts her. That was why I didn't consider
asking Emilia for help. After all, if by some chance I lose Emilia right before my eyes…!
Subaru shivered. Ripping my own body apart a hundred times over wouldn't come close to
the pain I’d feel.]

 

“So you’d rather inflict that pain upon me, then?”

 

Subaru faltered.

 



Emilia was staring at him with the sort of eyes she rarely aimed at anyone, let alone Subaru.
It made him freeze.

 

“You say that you’d be in that much pain, if worst came to worst,” she said. “But that’s the
same for me, Subaru. Surely you…”

 

Surely he understood that, didn’t he? How could he not know?

 

“…Emilia—” Subaru started to say, his voice pained and meek. But before he could say
anything—

 

["The degree of difficulty's totally demonic. Not totally impossible but still crazy. Gotta
just give u—”]

 

The entire theater exploded into cries.

 

“No!” Crusch shouted.

 

“No!” Wilhelm yelled.

 

“No!” Anastasia snapped.

 

“No!” Julius cried.

 

“No!” Ricardo barked.

 

“No!” the triplets shrieked.

 



“No!” Felt snarled.

 

“No!” Rachins yelped.

 

“No!” Reinhard pleaded.

 

“No!” Frederica begged.

 

“No!” Garfiel yowled.

 

“No!” Otto growled.

 

“No!” Beatrice demanded.

 

“No!” Rem and Ram screamed as one.

 

“NO!” Emilia wailed.

 

Ferris shrieked something that had probably been intended as a “No,” but instead came out as
an agonized, twisted, wordless sort of sound.

 

“I didn’t, I didn’t!” Subaru squawked. “It was a stupid thing to think on my part, I know that
—!”

 

“You better know that!” Emilia cried. “You better know that— that—!”

 

Rom exhaled slowly. Whatever happened next — would happen as it did.



 

[“Are you giving up, then?”]

 

[Subaru suddenly stopped. The voice from when he had been half-asleep had echoed
through his mind.]

 

Rom sucked in a breath. “Oh no.”

 

Rachins started. “Eh??”

 

“Ah,” Felt inhaled sharply. She too had figured it out. “‘Oh no,’ is right.”

 

[“Is there another way to save him?” that voice had begged.]

 

Anastasia hissed. Tivey frowned for a moment, and then he realized it.

 

“Oh,” Hetaro said.

 

["Do you have a headache, I wonder?” said the Beatrice of the present. “That is to be
expected."]

 

[“Only that, I wonder?” said the Beatrice of the past. “You should do as you please,
then.”]

 

Otto tilted his head. Oh?

 

Ah. Crusch swallowed. So that was where Rem had gone.



 

“Do as you…” Mimi‘s eyes widened. “Did she—?!”

 

[“—I will save him.”]

 

["Where…” Subaru was shaking. “Where is Rem?"]

 

[Beatrice stood silent.]

 

“Hm?” Wilhelm frowned. Reinhard tilted his head, similarly befuddled.

 

Ferris had figured it out, but he didn’t react at all, still curled into a ball on the floor of the
theater.

 

["Beako…” Subaru swallowed. “Beatrice. Where is Rem?"]

 

["If you were in her shoes, what would you do, I wonder?"]

 

Julius choked as he figured it out.

 

["That's not an answer!!"]

 

[Shouting sapped Subaru’s strength, and his blood-rent body nearly collapsed.]

 

Beatrice was starting to put the pieces together, regarding what exactly had happened that
day.

 



Subaru hadn’t been all that concerned, until — something had happened. Then he had raced
off into the forest, and…

 

Beatrice had never really understood what had happened after that. She had a feeling that
things were about to make a lot more sense.

 

[I want to tear someone limb from limb, he gritted his teeth. And here is Beatrice,
standing there to be blasted by my emotions. —Behaving exactly as she had expected,
aren’t I…?!]

 

Julius tilted his head. For a Great Spirit, that level of consideration could only be described as
unusually compassionate, now, couldn’t it?

 

How kind, Tivey thought, having read much about the nature of spirits. What an unusual
show of…

 

“She’s…” Mimi frowned. A glint of confused worry had entered her eyes. “What’s the little
girl doing that for?”

 

Purposefully placing herself in position to allow a boy to brutalize her in order to make
himself feel better…

 

What kind of girl was foolish enough to do something like that? …What kind of girl was
self-destructive enough to do something like that?

 

Hetaro scowled. If his big sister ever tried something like that, he’d end up slapping silly her
and her attacker both.

 

—Or, Anastasia thought. Perhaps Beatrice was waiting for an excuse. Because if Subaru were
to just be cruel to her, then she would have no reason to feel bad for leaving him to his fate.

 



["I cannot disregard what I heard just now."]

 

Ram had already figured it out, of course. Just like she had already figured out what she must
have done about it — and why she and Subaru must have been out in those woods that day in
the first place.

 

["Ram…” Subaru called out.]

 

[Ram looked back at him, her eyes cold. His breath caught in his throat.]

 

Ram went still. So did everyone else.

 

After all, everyone there had recognized the exact same thing.

 

[This is the Ram who cried out in hatred during the loop she'd lost Rem, Subaru thought.
—With the person she loves most, her little sister, in danger, will Ram come to hate
everything like she had then...?]

 

If either of her little brothers were lost in such a way, Mimi may have set off to destroy the
world in recompense. For any older sister, that would be the only appropriate response.

 

Hetaro remembered Ram’s horrible cry of grief and rage. It echoed through his mind like a
wartime bell. The worst part — was that he could easily hear it in his own voice, were it his
brother or his sister laid dead in his arms.

 

[Oh, Subaru realized. Her hands are shaking. —And her face looks almost neutral, but…
she’s biting her lip, isn’t she?]

 

What if it had been Garfiel? The very idea made Frederica’s blood run cold.

 



—It wasn’t like her little brother couldn’t defend himself. But the idea of him racing off into
danger… Of him refusing to even tell anyone where he was going…!

 

Julius swallowed. The very thought of Joshua thrusting himself into such a situation made
him want to scream.

 

["My clairvoyance cannot locate Rem,” Ram declared. “Lady Beatrice…where is
Rem?"]

 

She would have been terrified. Ram understood that better than anyone, she was sure.
Knowing that her dear sister had…

 

The very thought was almost incomprehensible, with how it would have scared her down to
her very soul.

 

["All I did was present possibilities. Bubby and I do not have sufficient reason to act.
Our choices are limited, I wonder?"]

 

["That’s not it, is it…? So Rem really did go to…?”]

 

“But — why?” Crusch frowned. She felt uneasy. “Risking her life, for…”

 

For the boy she had seen fit to torture and murder? How did that make sense?

 

[She went, to the forest with the intention of wiping out the entire pack that lived there…by
herself, Subaru finished. All to save Natsuki Subaru.]

 

["Why…?” he wondered aloud. “Why would Rem go that far for my sake…?!"]

 



That was a good question, Rem thought darkly. Even aside from — everything — about their
prior relationships… She hadn’t gotten the impression that she had grown that much fonder
of Subaru over the course of the current loop.

 

[Previously, Rem had taken my life with her own hands, Subaru reflected, in what the
current Rem saw as a rare spell of common sense. Even if the relationship between us is
better than before, I didn't think we had a connection that would make her think my life is
worth saving at the risk of her own…!]

 

Rachins snarled. There was no way that Rem had changed her mind that fast. This was —
there was some other reason for this. Some hidden motive. That woman couldn’t be trusted at
all, he wouldn’t be making that same mistake.

 

—Felt tilted her head. She was oddly calm. That was right: something between them had
definitely changed. But what had it been? When had it happened? Why had it changed so
drastically — and so quickly, too?

 

["Move aside, Barusu,” Ram ordered, at a boy who had thrown himself in front of her
with his arms spread wide. “I have no time to spare, so I cannot be gentle with you."]

 

Rom felt a certain pang in his heart, listening to those words as the two continued to squabble
onscreen. At least in this final loop, Ram really had been trying to be gentle with Subaru,
hadn’t she?

 

He wondered how he would feel, if someone he cared about and made an effort to be gentle
towards — had memories of being brutalized by his own hand. He found that he couldn’t
really picture that.

 

Ricardo grimaced. Subaru was already enough of a mess as it was, after THAT scene. It made
perfect sense that, even in a situation as dire as this, Ram would be reluctant to be too rough
with him while he was in such poor condition.

 

Unfortunately…he was pretty sure he already knew what Subaru had in mind, here.



 

["There are just two things I wanna ask,” Subaru declared, raising two fingers into  the
air. “Will you be able to tell where Rem is with your clairvoyance?"]

 

["…Yes, I will. Once I am past the forest barrier, she will be within range of my
clairvoyance. With my vision set on beings on the same wavelength as Ram, if she is in
range, I will find her."]

 

["Different fields of vision to see through, huh…?” Subaru nodded. “It's like checking
on different security cameras in a monitor room.”]

 

“Security cameras.” Anastasia made a mental note of that.

 

[“Anyway, if we can use that to link up with Rem, great. So, second question: Ram, are
you the type of maid who can fight?"]

 

[Ram narrowed her eyes. "….What do you mean by that question?"]

 

Crusch winced. That look on her face…

 

Had Ram thought that Subaru was threatening her?

 

["Well, um…” Subaru slumped his shoulders. “Until we hook up with Rem, there's no
telling how many mabeasts we'll run into. If we can't protect ourselves, this plan isn't
going anywhere. Just so you know, I'm total deadweight in combat."]

 

["W-Wait a moment. Barusu, you intend to come with me…?”]

 

Rom chuckled. Ram clearly hadn’t known Subaru very well at this point in time, if she had
been surprised by that response.



 

Ram remembered that feeling, she was pretty sure. This entire afternoon felt rather blurry to
her, but — she was pretty sure she remembered feeling shocked, concerned, impressed,
touched, and daunted all that the same time, because Subaru…

 

Subaru had offered something that she hadn’t expected him to offer, she thought slowly. And
it had been the sort of thing that she hadn’t been certain that she wanted to accept, out of
concern for his well-being.

 

—This was what she had been remembering, then, was it?

 

[Ram suddenly looked nervous — a rare expression, on her face. Subaru inwardly winced.
This is the result of confidently expressing my own shortcomings, I guess…]

 

["I know that threw you off, but it's mandatory, right?” he pointed out. “Er, to be
honest, if the goal's just making sure Rem's safe, then you don’t really need me, but…”]

 

[Ram stared at him doubtfully. Subaru took a deep breath. “I've gotta make it to the
fifth day with EVERYONE. That's what I've been fighting for over and over. So
please…” Subaru brought both of his hands together. “Let me do this."]

 

Everyone already knew what her answer was going to be. Just like they had all known what
Subaru was about to do, they knew that nobody would have the willpower needed to stop him
when he reached out with such an open heart and soul.

 

[Ram was quiet for a long moment, lips trembling as she looked for something to say. But
then she simply sighed in resignation.]

 

["If you expect me to fight as well as Rem's horned form,“ she warned. “You hope in
vain."]

 



["Meaning?"]

 

[“Unlike Rem, I am hornless.”]

 

Wilhelm’s eyes widened.

 

“Hornless,” Julius echoed.

 

That was right. Even during the fight against the Witch Cult, he had never seen Ram… Of
course, he had assumed that her horn had simply ended up being unnecessary, but perhaps he
had been mistaken.

 

He titled his head. He had read about Onis before, but Ram would be the only one he had
ever encountered face to face. For the only Oni he had ever met to have been one of the
“hornless” types at the very bottom of the hierarchy…

 

But Ram didn’t act like the hornless types he had read about, and Rem certainly didn’t treat
her as a hornless Oni was commonly thought to be treated by their horned peers. Perhaps his
sources had been inaccurate?

 

“—Rom?” Felt muttered.

 

“…It’s nothing important, Felt,” Rom answered.

 

Nobody else there had socialized enough with Onis to understand just what it meant to be
“hornless” in a society like that. For other horned races it was a matter of pride, of vanity, but
to an Oni…

 

It certainly explained why Ram seemed far less capable than her little sister. Rom felt his
respect for the young woman rise significantly. With a condition like that, the fact that she
was able to get up and work as hard as she did already was nigh astounding.



 

[“I can use somewhat violent Wind Magic…” Ram twirled a finger, summoning a gust
of wind that made Subaru’s hair sway. “But is about all.”]

 

Shrieks and cries erupted throughout the theater at the sight of such magic brushing so close
to Subaru’s face once again.

 

[Subaru felt a chill go up his spine. That wind could have sliced off my right leg or gouged
out my throat just now…!]

 

Ram clutched at her chest, feeling her heart nearly leap out of her throat as she desperately
tried to regain control over her breathing.

 

She had been playing with him. She had been teasing him. She hadn’t wanted to— to—

 

“Ram…?” Subaru whispered hoarsely from across the room. She didn’t hear him.

 

Every moment had been tainted. Every little thing between the two of them had been stained
with his blood, by her hand. —It had all been stained from the very beginning, and she hadn’t
even the decency to know about it.

 

[But — I can’t ask for anyone more reliable to have on my side of the fight.]

 

…Reliable, huh?

 

Ram — guessed that was a reasonable sentiment. It wasn’t like he had called her something
like “trustworthy” or “honorable.”

 

But she knew that he would, if someone were to ask him out loud. Everyone knew that much.



 

["Beatrice! Ram and I are heading into the forest. If Emilia wakes up before we're
back, pull the wool over her eyes, okay?"]

 

Emilia bit back an uncharacteristic snarl.

 

“Emilia—”

 

“We can talk later.” Her voice was clipped. It was the best she could do, right now, to not
snap at him entirely. “We can…” She took a deep breath. “I know — you know better now,”
she forced out. “I just…”

 

She — needed some time. That was alright, wasn’t it?

 

The guilty, wounded look on Subaru’s face flooded her with shame. But the idea that he had,
even for a moment, even a year ago, consciously decided to keep her in the dark while he
faced mortal peril without her…!

 

[“…To bring the younger sister back is to abandon your own life. Do you understand
that, I wonder?"]

 

“Stupid,” Ferris spat. He was staring at the ground, eyes clouded with agony. “Stupid, stupid,
stupid…!”

 

Crusch grimaced. If it were a choice between his life and that of the blue-haired Oni—

 

Well. Everyone there already knew what his answer would be to that.

 

["That's a little off,” Subaru said, wagging a finger at Beatrice. “So let me correct
you.”]



 

Wilhelm perked up.

 

That gesture…

 

He glanced at Lady Crusch. There was no hint of recognition on her face, but Wilhelm knew
what he had seen. A nostalgic, bitter kind of warmth and affection filled his chest.

 

(Ferris hadn’t seen it, having been too overwhelmed with misery already to pay all that much
attention. Wilhelm allowed himself to be grateful for that small blessing.)

 

[“I'm not giving up as if I'm used to dying. Life is precious, and you have only one. I
know you've all worked desperately to save mine. That's why I'm gonna fight for it,
even if it looks ugly."]

 

Beatrice hissed.

 

That — should have been reassuring. But instead, all she could think about was how she had
missed so, so many hints. He had been dropping them all over the place, but she hadn’t
picked up on a single one…!

 

Felt sighed. “It’s a start,” she murmured, more to herself than to anyone else. “Sounds more
like you’re trying to convince yourself, but that’s fine. We can start there.”

 

[They saved a life I once threw away, Subaru reflected. It’s because so many people have
reached out to me that I can do this.]

 

You’re giving us too much credit, Subaru. Ram didn’t have the heart to say that out loud.

 



They did that for you, you say… Anastasia pressed her lips together. They did that for you —
and yet you don’t even trust the one who’s supposed to be your Candidate for the throne, do
you?

 

After all: if he did trust her as a Candidate to be his King, he wouldn’t have even considered
keeping her in the dark about his condition, not even for a moment. This sort of behavior
couldn’t really be called trust, could it?

 

["We'll turn this thing around,” Subaru said. “It was real awful before, but we still got
things this far. I'm doing this because I want to see myself in the sequel… I'm greedy
like that."]

 

[A stupid reason with no legitimate explanation — but, nevertheless…]

 

“That’s not stupid at all,” Anastasia said. Her voice came out harsher than she had intended.
She was a little grateful for that, however, because it was enough to get Subaru’s attention in
the present moment. “No matter what happens, ya gotta live.”

 

“R…” Subaru averted his eyes. Anastasia’s blazing stare was difficult to handle. “Right.”

 

“And more than that…” She grinned, her voice taking on a slightly lighter tone. This was the
part that the boy seemed to have down pat, after all. “Ya gotta grab ahold of everything that
matters and keep it close to yer chest, don’t ya?”

 

“—Right.” Subaru turned to face her again. This time, there was a small smile on his face.
“That’s not even a question.”

 

A little ways away, Rem shifted uncomfortably in her seat.

 

["I have no idea what you are thinking whatsoever…” Beatrice blinked slowly. “I
suppose you should just do what you like? I have presented choices. I suppose it is up to
you to select whichever choice you prefer."]



 

["And that's how you sent Rem off, huh?” Subaru returned, amused. “Still…thanks,
Beako."]

 

Beatrice scowled. She didn’t want to be thanked for something like that. For something she
hadn’t even been willing to commit herself to, and that she had needed to half-heartedly
attempt through wheedling and needling and excuses and whatever else so that she could go
and pretend that she hadn’t been involved at all. And for what? What had even been the point
of it all?

 

The most she could say was that it had been a waste of time. Even if she hadn’t wanted to
help with all her abilities as a Great Spirit, content to let those their fight for their lives all on
their own…

 

At the very least, she could have made it quick, as opposed to wasting so much time.

 

[The young man in the bandanna had represented the others in the village, when
Subaru informed him of where he was going. He had been utterly shocked and
horrified, and had cried for Subaru to stop— but it quickly became clear that such
pleas were of no use.]

 

Ferris turned away from the meteor in disgust.

 

Crusch forced a smile. That sort of dedication — was admirable, wasn’t it? Barely… Barely
even an hour after he had woken up from his horrific near death experience, and here he was
getting ready to go right back out there in order to save someone else. It was the sort of
heroism that she would have expected to stay in a storybook, wasn’t it?

 

Otto exhaled slowly. Once Subaru put his mind to something, there was no talking him out of
it: he knew that well.

 

That was why he had to do so much behind his back. If Subaru had to act so stubbornly, then
Otto would do whatever it took to make sure his stubbornness paid off — as opposed to



getting him killed.

 

[In lieu of attempting to convince Subaru any further—]

 

[“Take this. It’s the sharpest sword in the village.”]

 

Wilhelm smiled wistfully at the sight of Subaru being handed a sword. There was something
nostalgic about that sight.

 

—Being handed a sword as a reward for a good deed, for him to use to go and commit
himself to even more good deeds. What a knightly sort of image that was.

 

Garfiel preened. Seeing his Captain get handed a blade, like a knight out of his favorite
tales…

 

Everything was going to be fine, wasn’t it? He wanted to believe that, watching the scene laid
out before him now.

 

[A simple one-handed blade. Subaru smiled. Even an amateur like me can swing a sword
like this. “Thanks, man.”]

 

[“We’re counting on you.”]

 

They hadn’t wanted him to go into those woods again — not with those injuries still
bothering him, and not after they had been treated to such an awful sight before. But, Rom
surmised, if there was nothing they could do to stop him, then the least they could do was
support him from behind.

 

Rachins snarled at the screen. Stupid villagers: they should have just tied him up and thrown
him in a closet somewhere so he couldn’t do anything stupid even if he wanted to.



 

[“Subaru!!” a chorus of voices suddenly shouted.]

 

[“Hey, you guys! You’re awake?”]

 

“Ah.” Felt smiled weakly. “Came around just in time to bid ya good luck, didn’t they…?”

 

Perhaps it was the least those little shits could do after all the trouble they’d caused, she
thought to herself with amusement.

 

Frederica watched the screen sadly. She had always seen rather few differences between
Subaru and the village children, but those differences had grown even fewer since this
demonstration had began, hadn’t they?

 

[“Where are you going?” “Back into the forest?” “Don’t go back there, Subaru!”]

 

[“I’ll be fine, don’t worry. I’m not going anywhere!”]

 

Reinhard…

 

When was the last time that Reinhard had heard someone say something like that to himself?

 

It would have been his father, he knew. His father from — a long time ago. Before Heinkel
had crawled into the bottle and refused to come back out.

 

You better not be lying, in fact, Beatrice thought darkly.

 

[“What’s the sword for?”]



 

[“This?” Subaru tilted his head.]

 

[“It’s a thank-you gift from all of us,” the man in the bandanna answered.]

 

A clever use of half-truths, Anastasia noted. It wasn’t a lie, but it also didn’t give away quite
enough about the details of what Subaru was about to do to give those young children a scare.

 

Ricardo smiled slightly. Being gifted a sword in exchange for great deeds was a very knightly
sort of thing, wasn’t it? Even before he had been officially deemed Emilia’s knight, it seemed
that Subaru had been stepping up to the mantle.

 

Ram exhaled slowly. She wished she had thought to give him a proper gift, as an apology for
all his troubles.

 

[“I wanna thank you, too!”]

 

[“Hey—!”]

 

[“You can have this!” “And this!” “This, too—!”]

 

Julius started chuckling at the sight of a loudly protesting Subaru being swarmed with the
random, useless gifts of childhood. With how Subaru often acted so childlike himself, he
couldn’t help but notice a strange sense of irony to this scene that made him grin.

 

Mimi felt a strangled smile come over her face. Her little brothers acted that way with her
sometimes, after all. Seeing Subaru in that position gave her a strange sense of nostalgia.

 

Perhaps she would have enjoyed the feeling more, in a different set of circumstances.



 

["Bring back Rem-ri-rin so we can thank her, too!"]

 

Tivey didn’t know what he was feeling, exactly, watching all those children cheer Subaru on.
Was it a good feeling? He thought so.

 

The feeling that came with their cheering for Rem was far less pleasant, after all.

 

[Where is Rem right now? How dangerous a spot is she in? Why is she fighting at the risk
of her life? —The children don’t know that, and the don’t need to know. After all…]

 

["Don't worry, ya little brats,” Subaru declared. “I'll make sure she's right there with
her big sister to lecture you about being bad kids for going into a dark forest to play
without saying a word to anyone."]

 

Hetaro smiled sadly. Watching Subaru reassure the village children, he felt certain that the
guy would make a good older brother if given the chance.

 

[A high-maintenance girl who ran off without a word, assuming how others would feel and
coming to a rash, arbitrary decision, he thought. Silly and stubborn.]

 

High-maintenance, rash, silly, and stubborn, Rem echoed inwardly. Is that how you see me?

 

Emilia scowled. Now, didn’t that description sound familiar? She felt her eyes beginning to
burn.

 

["I mean, geez,” Subaru murmured, cracking his knuckles to harden his resolve. “I
want to help you at least as much as you want to help me here…”]

 



Subaru only ever wanted to help the people around him. Crusch exhaled slowly through her
nose. Whether it be the strange silver-haired woman in the Capital, the lost little girl on the
street, the thief who had left him to his fate at the hands of the three miscreants, the old
drunkard, the shy little girl in the village, the haughty Great Spirit — or even the two women
who had been complicit in his torture and murder…

 

Crusch had never before seen anyone as selfless as Natsuki Subaru, she was sure. Even her
old self had almost certainly never met anyone like this before in her life. But she was
starting to believe that his selflessness — wasn’t solely a good thing.

 

["All right, it's time for the championship bout. O’ Inevitable Fate? Game on!"]

 

["—Well, you certainly talked a good game,” Ram said offhandedly just a little while
later, watching Subaru struggle on an area with poor footing beside her. “It is difficult
to hide my dismay at how much deadweight you truly are."]

 

Mimi laughed a little. She didn’t really find it as funny as she wanted to.

 

“Determination is what really counts the most,” Ricardo said encouragingly. “So…”

 

“I don’t need your half-hearted reassurance, fleabag!”

 

[“Do you even know what the word ‘hide’ means…? If you let the other person know
what you’re hiding, what’s the point…?"]

 

Ram grimaced. She had only ever allowed herself to be that blunt with Subaru because she
believed he would be able to take her teasing in stride.

 

Listening to his running monologue about how useless, worthless, and better off dead he was
— Ram was starting to wonder if she had perhaps been mistaken about that.

 



["The fact that they're just game trails makes it tough going…”]

 

["You may not be accustomed to this, but our meager progress is unacceptable…
truly."]

 

["Wait, don't leave me behind that quickly. I understand how you feel, but just a little
longer!"]

 

[To Ram, full of concern about her younger sister, matching my slow-footed pace is a
hundred cons and no pros…! At the very least, I can’t restore my good name by moving so
slowly.]

 

Ram stared at the meteor in disbelief. “…Restore your good name?” she repeated.

 

“You… You saved all the children of an entire village and then got mauled half to death
saving your accomplice,” Julius managed. “What on Earth do you mean, ‘Restore my
good…’?”

 

“W-Well.” Subaru crossed his arms. “It was my fault Rem went out there all on her own,
remember? My stupid self went and got all beat up and then she felt the need to run off and
risk her life for my sake. I’d say that’s pretty bad.”

 

Emilia stared at him. Nobody quite knew what to say to that.

 

["I'm walking wounded with a blood shortage, so I'm getting tired easily… Come to
think of it, I didn't have Emilia-tan telling me to take care, either!"]

 

If you had just…!

 

But Emilia swallowed back her anger and her grief and her worry, because all of this had
been said and done a while ago. Subaru knew better now, after all, right?



 

["If you have yet to say, 'I'm back,' last night's 'Take care' remains in effect."]

 

Subaru went still.

 

["It, ah…” Subaru thrust his sword into the ground to use it as a cane, tilting his head.
“It works that way…?"]

 

He…hadn’t really allowed himself to think about it at the time. But…

 

“Take care.”

 

He had never told her “I’m back.” So, by Ram’s logic, did that mean that HER “Take care,”
too, would still be…?

 

["Inside this pocket are…candy, a pretty stone, and… Whoa! There's a bug in here!"]

 

Mimi and Hetaro started laughing. Frederica crossed her arms sternly, but even she couldn’t
resist a chuckle.

 

Tivey sighed, shaking his head. “Kids,” he muttered. Next to him, Ricardo choked.

 

Rachins wanted to laugh alongside them. He felt too sick. He didn’t want to see Subaru in
that forest ever, ever again.

 

["Just like those little brats to slip something like that in there,” he huffed, watching the
bug fly from his hand off into the woods. “I'll give them a good sermon later."]

 



["It is proof that they adore you…” Ram sighed. “What do they see in you?"]

 

["The sincere eyes of children see how my manly nature sparkles before them.”]

 

Ricardo snorted. Subaru squawked. “Hey!”

 

[The piece of candy, the pretty stone, even the bug — these are the children's gratitude in
physical form. I can’t treat them lightly…though, the bug’s gotten away.]

 

Anastasia smiled softly. As a similarly greedy person, she knew that feeling well.

 

The physical embodiments of a person’s gratitude, affection, trust, loyalty — in truth, there
was little that Anastasia Hoshin valued more than that.

 

[“Besides,“ Subaru said. “You’re well aware I'm not the only one they like, right?"]

 

["…I suppose you are right."]

 

That was right. They had been concerned about herself, hadn’t they? Her — and her big
sister, who was following her into the woods.

 

Ram she could understand — but Rem didn’t know why they bothered with her.

 

[Visibly satisfied, Subaru nodded several times.]

 

The sight of Subaru’s happy expression, like the encouraging tail-wag of a dog cheering on
its master, only made Rem’s heart sink further into her chest.

 



[I scolded those kids back at the village for going to play in the woods — but I should
probably join them as the stupid boy who'd made trouble for everyone by rushing headlong
into the woods and turning into a human chew toy, huh? Subaru thought with
amusement. Wouldn't it be fun to kneel for a lecture from the village chief all night?]

 

Julius managed to chuckle quietly at the thought. Somehow, he didn’t think a lecture would
go very far with a boy like this.

 

["—Barusu, wait a little,” Ram ordered, stopping in her tracks. “I will be using
clairvoyance."]

 

[Subaru drew his sword from his scabbard, stepping forward as Ram’s shield. Ram’s
defenseless while she’s using her clairvoyance, after all, he recalled. The Sight of a
Thousand Eyes… The sheer abundance of life in this forest has made it pretty difficult so
far, hasn’t it? We’ve done this several times, but Rem is still…]

 

She must have gone very far into the forest, then.

 

Garfiel felt odd. To go so far that Ram was finding it this hard to catch sight of her again…

 

That must have meant that Rem had been serious about wanting to save Subaru, right?

 

["Barusu, there are eyes watching us once again."]

 

["They came, huh…? Should I just walk in front?"]

 

[Ram nodded. Subaru took a deep breath, and stepped forward, walking up a nearby
hill, his heart pounding so he’d he could hear it.]

 

“—Huh?” Mimi frowned.



 

“It’s similar to what we did with the Whale,” Subaru explained quietly.

 

[Subaru banged the iron scabbard against the hard surface of a boulder at the top of
the hill — and the echo brought forth the predator that had been watching from the
undergrowth.]

 

Hetaro sucked in a breath.

 

“I go out in front to draw its attention—”

 

[The mabeast howled as it charged forth, leaping straight for Subaru’s throat. Subaru
instinctively used both hands to protect himself, but it wouldn’t be fast enough—!]

 

Tivey shrieked.

 

Subaru was unconcerned. “And then, before it can bite down, Ram—”

 

[A Blade of Wind sliced the thing in two. —But the front half kept going, colliding hard
enough with Subaru to send him flying down the hill, where he skidded on his rear
through the dirt.]

 

“…We did this a couple of times, then?” Ram asked. Her voice sounded somewhat raw.

 

“Yeah,” Subaru said. He sounded odd, too. “We did this a number of times. They kept
chasing after me, even when you were using your clairvoyance, and so I’d act as bait while
you sliced them to ribbons from afar…”

 

Ram didn’t say anything. Not out loud.



 

“You weren’t really on board with it at first, Ne— er, Ram.” Subaru gave her a shaky grin,
taking a guess at what she was thinking. “I had to talk you into it.”

 

["I simply cannot understand why you lose your nerve at the sight of a single one of
them, Barusu."]

 

["Hey, you!” Subaru complained, glaring defiantly up at Ram at the top of the hill.
“You can cut that a little less close, can't you?!"]

 

["I was too concerned about killing it with the least amount of suffering to think about
your needs, Barusu."]

 

At least one of the two of them had been concerned about such a thing. As far as Rem could
tell, she herself had only ever been concerned about painting the world a vivid red.

 

[Subaru looked at the body lying beside him. He felt odd. Even though I know it was a
dangerous creature, the thought of a living being lying dead like that… Gently, he
brought his hands together in a prayer.]

 

Wilhelm watched Subaru pray for the dead mabeast, and felt an odd sensation rise within his
chest.

 

["Your heart will not hold up if it breaks over a single creature,” Ram warned. “All the
more so because your life is forfeited if they are not annihilated, Barusu…”]

 

Ram was right, of course. As a mercenary, Ricardo knew that much — and so did the triplets
by his side. But all four of them couldn’t help but watch quietly as the boy in front of them
knelt to pray over the body of a monster that had wanted him dead.

 

[“Hunting it like this was your idea, was it not?"]



 

["Let me have my hypocritical sentimentality here, geez. It's important for my own
peace of mind."]

 

Rom exhaled slowly. A boy who needed that sort of sentimentality would truly be a kind and
gentle sort of soul. He couldn’t think of any sort of character less suited for the bloody world
of battle than that.

 

[It’s not so much an issue of sentimentality as it is growing up in different worlds, Subaru
assumed. I’m not a man of deep faith, but I do revere life — even more so now, thanks
to…]

 

“Oh do nyew, now?” Ferris spat out, too quietly for anyone but him and his Lady to hear. His
cheeks were wet. “Oh DO nyew value life, nyew stupid, selfish hypocrite…!”

 

Crusch rubbed her knight’s back. He didn’t even seem to notice, as drowning in despair as he
was.

 

—Was it a matter of growing up in a different world?

 

The thought made Julius rather sad. He wanted to believe that there was room for that sort of
sentimentality here in Lugunica, too.

 

(Then again, with how many times Subaru had been torn to pieces within just his first day
here…)

 

["So, did you find Rem with your clairvoyance earlier?"]

 

["No. Unfortunately, she seems to be deeper in the forest.” Ram side-eyed her
companion. “Like just now, it is proving difficult to concentrate on her location with the
Wolgarm sporadically targeting you, Barusu.”]



 

[I have. A vague suspicion about why, but… Subaru shifted uneasily. I’m too weak. I can’t
bring myself to say it.]

 

“The miasma,” Rom guessed.

 

“Yep,” Subaru sighed.

 

Crusch scowled. On top of everything else she had done to him, then, the Witch of Envy had
also seen it fit to paint a target on his back. It felt a little unnecessary for her to have to say
this about the Witch, of all people — but what a rotten woman.

 

“It’s not like that’s his fault,” Hetaro muttered.

 

["I suppose it is because you are weak,” Ram decided.]

 

["And that's what you come up with?! That's rude."]

 

["It is because you are easy prey, then."]

 

["That's a distinction without a difference, Nee-sama."]

 

[Ram shrugged. Subaru slumped his shoulders.]

 

Mimi grimaced. It wasn’t like she had been wrong.

 

But it wasn’t just the mabeasts, who would see Subaru as easy prey. That much had been
made very, very clear.



 

[It’s hard to tell if Ram means those words or is just needling me, he thought. Probably the
latter.]

 

It had been a little of both, really. Ram had phrased it as callously she had as a way of teasing
him, but there had been a core of truth to her warning: as someone who couldn’t defend
himself as well as herself or her sister, Subaru needed to be careful.

 

Ram found that the weight of that warning had only increased, over the course of this
demonstration. Subaru was far, far more vulnerable than she had ever assumed. Because at
least most other people could only ever die once.

 

[“Can I ask you what hornless means?” Subaru suddenly asked.]

 

Rom flinched, his eyes widening. He hoped that Ram had been gracious, in answering such a
loaded question…!

 

“Subaru, you can’t just ask—!” Julius hissed, only for Ram to cut him off.

 

“It’s fine,” she said.

 

Julius paused. “Ram?”

 

“I didn’t mind,” Ram said. “It wasn’t as big of a deal as you think it was.”

 

["It is what it sounds like,” Ram answered. “A disparaging term employed by fools to
mean an Oni without a horn. I lost my one and only horn in a minor skirmish. I have
had to rely on Rem for everything ever since."]

 



…That didn’t sound like it wasn’t a big deal. But Julius wasn’t an Oni, so perhaps he didn’t
really have the context necessary to understand whether it was a big deal or not, anyway.

 

Her sister had relied on her, then. Rem wanted to be proud of the idea that someone had
relied on her, but she could barely even comprehend that sentence in the face of everything
else. Her stomach had just been tied into far too many knots for her to think well of her old
self anymore.

 

["…Probably was a bad thing to ask, huh?"]

 

[Ram titled her head, looking genuinely mystified. "Why?"]

 

["Er, well.” Subaru scratched his cheek. “I don't know how big a horn is to someone
who’s an Oni, but I’m guessing it’s a pretty big deal. I thought it might’ve been pretty
insensitive to asking.”]

 

["Even if that is the case, there is no getting it back now.”]

 

Anastasia could agree with that sentiment. It was no use, grieving what had already been lost.
All you could do when the things you used to rely upon were gone was march onwards, in
search of better and brighter things to replace that which you had lost. Mourning the things
you had no control over was a waste of time.

 

Felt was slightly more melancholic than Anastasia. Losing the things that mattered to you
was a horrible thing, after all — but Ram was correct. There was nothing to do but move on.
“Live strong” was the motto that had guided Felt all her life, and it seemed that the sentiment
had endured even outside of the Capital slums.

 

[“Well, you can rest easy,” Ram said, sounding much lighter. "I may not have been calm
about it then, but I am now. I lost my horn, but I gained a life in its stead.”]

 



Frederica glanced at Ram. She had met her younger colleague shortly after she lost her horn,
but the two of them had never really talked about it. Ram hadn’t ever really been the type for
conversations like that, after all.

 

…It felt nice, to know that she thought so highly of where she had ended up. It made
Frederica feel like she did something right.

 

Ram wouldn’t want her horn back even if she had the choice. That wasn’t anyone else’s
business, of course, but it had been far more trouble than it was worth.

 

[“…I suppose that is not what Rem thinks, however."]

 

Ram frowned at the pained tone of her voice.

 

…What had she meant by that?

 

[Using clairvoyance to borrow the vision of other beings puts a great a strain on her body,
Subaru noted, taking note of her ragged breathing, cold sweat, tottering posture. But no
matter how painful it is, not the slightest sound of weakness is passing through her lips…]

 

Rom hissed softly. For a hornless Oni, a task that relied on mana like that would be nigh
impossible to even attempt. The fact that Ram had managed to complete that task not just
once, but over and over again…

 

Just who was this girl?

 

Ram crossed her arms. She would never allow herself to sound so pathetic. Especially not in
front of the people she cared about.

 

(…She HAD cared about him, right? Ram hated that she felt the need to ask that, but…)



 

[When you really got down to it, Ram and Rem are twins who greatly resemble each other,
Subaru reflected, watching Ram concentrate. If pushing themselves hard is what it takes,
they'll do it without a moment's hesitation.]

 

Of course Ram would do anything for the sake of her little sister. That was only natural.
Hearing Subaru praise her for something so obvious made her feel — a little uncomfortable,
really.

 

Rem averted her eyes. Sure, she pushed herself hard — but to what end? Her goals seemed to
tilt between sadism and cleanliness and heroism all on the edge of a blade.

 

[When you considere Emilia and Beatrice as well, the mansion's girl squad prioritizes
others just a little too much.]

 

“Prioritizes others a little too much, you say?” Anastasia muttered.

 

Emilia stared sadly at the meteor.

 

Rem scowled. Subaru was thinking of the wrong people. All Ram cared about was Rem, all
Rem cared about was Ram, and all Beatrice cared about was nothing at all. Not a single one
of those three had prioritized Subaru over apathy, over bloodlust, over keeping a secret what
they had done to him.

 

Subaru, however, would prioritize literally anyone who wasn’t himself. And then he’s take
that trait and project it onto everyone else.

 

["Man, this makes me feel even guiltier for being a weakling…"]

 

And then he went and blamed himself for being too weak to fight their battles for them. Rem
buried her face in her hands.



 

[Waiting for Ram, Subaru sullenly kicked the grass at his feet. A piece of grass leaped
into his mouth and the dirt flew right into his eyes, causing him to splutter and shake
his head to try and fix the results of his dumb miscalculation.]

 

Julius snorted, and then coughed into his fist. Wilhelm chuckled. Subaru scowled at them
both. “Oh be quiet.”

 

[I know I shouldn’t disturb Ram's concentration while in Clairvoyance, but…]

 

["Ram,” Subaru said. “You're worried sick about Rem, right?"]

 

“Of course I would be,” Ram said immediately.

 

["Of course I am,” her past self echoed. “Certainly that girl is much stronger than me,
but that is no reason not to worry."]

 

[“…Yeah."]

 

["Even if she is better than I am at everything, I am still her older sister. That will never
change."]

 

…So she had felt the same way back then, too.

 

Mimi exhaled slowly. At least the older sister understood that much, about the responsibilities
of her birthright.

 

Frederica smiled sadly. Her brother and herself had been estranged from each other for
around a decade, and although they had begun to repair their relationship over the past year,



that emptiness within her past remained. …Still, Ram was right: an older sister would always
be an older sister, emptiness or no.

 

—Julius had not been born into the role of older brother. But when he thought of Joshua,
whom he loved with all his heart and soul, he thought he understood what Ram meant by that
regardless.

 

[Until then, I’ve seen Ram as someone who uses her younger sister for the sole sake of
making things easier on herself, Subaru thought. But I’ve gotten it all wrong. Calling it a
foolish misunderstanding doesn’t come close to cutting it…]

 

Ram sighed softly to herself. She didn’t even have it in her to playfully pretend to be
offended. It wasn’t like anyone else’s opinions on her or her relationships mattered, in the
first place — and in the second place, looking from the outside-in for those first couple days,
part of her had feared much the same.

 

[Ram understands her own position far more keenly than I ever have. She knows she can’t
live up to Rem's constant boasts. Seeing how she’s accepted it… I can only harden my own
resolve.]

 

Rem shifted. Putting her sister on a pedestal that Ram had fully believed she would never be
able to live up to…

 

Was that the kind of selfish little sister she had been?

 

[“I really figured we'd have met up with Rem by now, but…” Subaru frowned.]

 

Subaru really looked up at them both as if they were shining stars, didn’t he? Every detail he
learned about them, every memory he shared with them, every little thing he soaked up and
cherished like the most precious of treasures in the world. It didn’t matter how mundane, or
typical, or even worrying it may have been: to Subaru, the twins were beings he couldn’t help
but love with all his heart and soul.

 



Anastasia hated it. It was like watching a puppy fawning over a drunkard of an owner,
wagging its tail and looking up at him with big shining eyes no matter what broken bottles
may be swung it’s way next — and blaming itself for getting hit, whenever the glass began to
fly.

 

It wasn’t really Subaru’s fault. The same loyalty that doomed the stray dog could make it a
fearsome hound, if cultivated by the right owner. But Subaru had had the rotten luck of
stumbling upon — this lot. And so this was how it had turned out.

 

—She took a deep breath. Exhaled. She couldn’t go jumping to conclusions. Not yet. There
was… There was probably quite a bit left to see. She could figure out how she felt about
everything once she had all the facts laid out on the table.

 

["Barusu,“ Ram said, looking at him suspiciously as she temporarily abandoned her
clairvoyance — likely sensing his rising agitation. “What do you plan on doing?"]

 

["The way things are, I'm just baggage, exactly as you said. I told you before we headed
into the woods... I'm gonna make myself useful and help save Rem." Subaru took a
deep breath. "I've gotta play the hot hand here. Ram, you ready to cross a somewhat
dangerous bridge?"]

 

["I am alone with a young man in a forest full of mabeasts. As a maiden, there is surely
no greater danger."]

 

["Oh, now you've said it, Nee-sama,” Subaru laughed.]

 

Still. Watching those two joke together like siblings made Anastasia scowl.

 

To Ram, those moments of banter had once been a treasured levity, the type that she would
never admit she held close to her heart. But now there was a certain weight to every word that
turned what had once been a blessing into a horrible curse.

 



For one: it was Subaru, alone with herself and looking for her sister in a forest full of
mabeasts, who could not possibly be in more danger. Rem, Ram, the Wolgarm — each one of
them had murdered him in cold blood.

 

[If I’m right about why the Wolgarm keep coming after me, then I can turn the situation
around.]

 

Ram’s head snapped up as she was abruptly jerked out of her thoughts. “Wha—?”

 

What are you planning?! she wanted to demand, but the words died in her throat. After all…
it wasn’t hard to guess.

 

“Subaru,” Otto hissed, having put together much the same. “Subaru, you didn’t…!”

 

[I’m such a scaredy-cat, scared of something necessary like this. But there are some things
I can’t run from — and if I’m right, this is one of them…]

 

“N-No,” Rem choked, catching on. “No, please — not— not that— again—!”

 

Ferris realized what was happening and jerked out of his near-comatose state. Crusch startled.
“NO!” he screamed. “No, no, NO—!”

 

“F-Ferris,” Subaru tried.

 

“Nyew didn’t!” Ferris cried out. “Nyew didn’t, nyew didn’t — PLEASE TELL ME NYEW
DIDN’T—!”

 

["Ram, actually, I—”]

 



[—And then, just as he had planned, the world froze.]

 

Beatrice exhaled slowly. So this is what he had been doing, then.

 

[And then, just as planned…]

 

[There you are.]

 

Anastasia and Felt both grit their teeth at the sight of that returning plague. That horrible
thing, that awful specter, that being bathed in all the foulest parts of the slums from which
they came…!

 

For Subaru to willingly call upon something like this — and for such a stupid reason, no less
— Felt almost wanted to kill him herself.

 

Frederica braced herself. There was nothing else she could do, after all.

 

[Black cloud. Fingers, then a wrist. Then the biceps — a full right arm, materializing all
the way to the shoulder this time…]

 

Otto croaked something out. He was too terrified to scream. Natsuki-san, you stupid, stupid
idiot…!

 

On the other side of the theater, Rachins was too terrified to even do that much.

 

—Rom frowned. A full right arm…?

 

[Past my flesh, Subaru noted, his breath catching with discomfort and unease. Stroking my
rib cage, going straight for my heart…!]



 

Reinhard didn’t know what he was feeling. He didn’t know what this knot in his stomach
could be called. He didn’t know why he was shaking so badly.

 

Julius was going to be sick. He wanted to get that thing away from him. He wanted to take
his sword and cut that hand awa from—!

 

(—Of all the things that Subaru could have done—!)

 

[He knew that it was coming, but there was no way for Subaru to endure the pain that
followed.]

 

Wilhelm had withstood much throughout his life. Swords, fists, fire, and everything in
between — he had taken all of it on. He was proud of it, too, a soldier through and through.

 

But the sound that followed that pain was one of the few things that he found himself unable
to bear.

 

[In his head, Subaru was screaming wordlessly. Even if he could speak, there were no
words that could describe the agony.]

 

Crusch felt tears beading at the corners of her eyes at the awful, awful sound. So horrible it
was that she almost forgot to be angry at Subaru for subjecting himself to it in the first place.

 

Garfiel didn’t want to hear this. He didn’t want to hear Captain — screaming in pain. Not like
this…!

 

But he couldn’t do anything to stop it. He was rooted to the spot.

 



[The beat of his heart was thrown off. His blood rushed through his body and battered
him from the inside out. His vision had gone white. Subaru wanted to scream, he
wanted to cry blood, he wanted to bite down on his teeth hard enough to break them…!]

 

Ricardo grit his own teeth against the wails of agony battering his soul. He didn’t know how
anyone could willingly subject themselves to something like—

 

But if anyone would do it…it would be that kid, wouldn’t it?

 

Tivey wondered if they were watching the birth of a new habit. The thought made him feel
faint.

 

Hetaro covered his ears and squeezed his eyes shut.

 

[There’s only pain. All that exists is pain. All I can do is writhe in pain. For eternity, there
is only pain—]

 

["—Barusu?"]

 

And Ram hadn’t noticed anything at all, had she?

 

And the useless older sister hadn’t noticed anything at all. Mimi bared her teeth.

 

["Man,“ Subaru said shakily, rising back up from where he had fallen onto his knees
and rear. “Daydreams are bad, bad stuff."]

 

A daydream. A daydream, he said. Emilia wanted to laugh.

 

How often had something like — this — happened, and Subaru passed it off as just a—



 

Just how many times had Emilia BELIEVED him?

 

Ferris fell backwards, the sudden burst of energy sapped from him all at once. He curled in
on himself tight. He wanted to crawl into a hole somewhere and never come back out.

 

Subaru watched, and found himself utterly lost on what he could do.

 

["It is because you forced yourself back from injury too soon,” Ram scolded. “If it is too
hard, you should return to the village. If you have some other way to find Rem, at least
tell me that before…”]

 

[Ram suddenly gasped, cutting off her sentence. She listened carefully for a long
moment to something Subaru could not hear, and then looked back at him.]

 

["What did you do, Barusu?"]

 

["…I rolled the dice a little, pain and all."]

 

Ram thought she remembered that part. The sudden notice from her Clairvoyance, the
dawning horror of the realization of how many of those beasts were charging towards her at
once, the outrage at her companion’s recklessness, and his refusal to even warn her
beforehand—!

 

[It hurt a lot, but it doesn’t hurt anymore. I’m grateful that my body still has enough
endurance with which to act, at least…]

 

["The wind is astir…” Ram warned, staring right. Subaru followed her gaze. “The
scents of beasts approach, many of them." She clicked her tongue. "And we haven't
even found Rem yet...!"]

 



Though really: in context, perhaps Ram could chalk this up to a form of unintentional
revenge on Subaru’s half. Od knew that he deserved at least the freedom to ruin her afternoon
that one time, after she had gone and—

 

["Well, don't worry about that. She's not that far, so we'll hook up soon enough."]

 

["How can you be certain of such a thing?" Ram rebuked sharply.]

 

“How did ya figure it out?” Anastasia asked. Unlike most others in the theater, her voice was
calm. Suabru startled. “I think I know what ya did, but — how’d ya figure ya could do that?”

 

["Rem's goal is to wipe out the Wolgarm here in the forest, right?” Subaru shrugged.
“As long as I'm here, they're going to keep coming to try to eat me. That'll bring Rem
running straight to me in time."]

 

“I— I remembered what Beako had said to me, back in…well.” Subaru coughed into his fist.
“She said that the miasma grew stronger after I had attempted to break the taboo. And since I
was the only one who reeked of it, and the mabeast pup always singled me out… It was a
gamble, but I ended up being right.”

 

“Ended up being—?” Somewhat slow on the uptake of what exactly had just occurred, Julius
finally went deathly pale. “Subaru,” he managed. “Subaru, you don’t mean—!”

 

[If all it takes is a whiff of the witch to compel the mabeasts to appear, I’ll make full use of
that, Subaru thought. I’ll lure every mabeast in the forest to put their curses into Natsuki
Subaru, a grand feast that'll bring Rem running in after them.]

 

“You didn’t even warn Ram first?!” Ricardo demanded, voice oddly high-pitched. “Not cool,
man!”

 

Rom sighed. What a little shit.



 

Crusch grimaced. But — perhaps that pettiness was somewhat deserved.

 

[I call it Operation: Subaru Chew Toy!]

 

Wilhelm’s breath hitched. Julius squeaked, sounding a bit like a chew toy himself.

 

“Did you have to call it THAT?!” Frederica cried.

 

["So,” Subaru stated, his voice unusually high as he re-gripped his sword. “Since you're
super reliable in a fight, please and thank you for that!"]

 

“What the Hell, Subaru?!” Rachins snapped, staring at the charging Wolgarm with wide-eyed
horror.

 

“Yeah…” Subaru laughed nervously, rubbing the back of his neck. “That was my bad. Sorry,
Ne— er. Ram.”

 

["After this, when you look back objectively at what you said, please beg me to kill
you."]

 

Ram hissed, her annoyance draining away almost immediately.

 

“My sister is too kind.”

 

…How many times had she said something like that?

 



[Ten minutes later, and Subaru was fleeing through the forest as fast as he could —
ragged breath, sweat dripping into his eyes as he desperately tried to blink it away, and
with a pack of angry wolgarm hot on his heels.]

 

Normally Ricardo would laugh at the utter short-sightedness that had led to this situation. He
couldn’t laugh right now, however, because the image of Suabru desperately trying to flee
from a pack of bloodthirsty animals hellbent on ripping him apart a second time was utterly
sobering.

 

[I get it, now, he reflected distantly. There IS sure footing in these forests without roads:
just run down the natural game trails without any hesitation at all…!]

 

Otto wanted to pull his own hair out. At least Subaru had figured out how to run in those
woods. But of all the times to…!

 

But it was better than him not figuring it out at all. The idea of Subaru wobbling around like a
baby trying to find its footing while a group of mabeasts pounced after him — that was an
image that Otto wished he could get out of his mind.

 

[But the chances of getting away are virtually nil, aren’t they?!]

 

Rom winced. Unfortunately, if things continued like this, Subaru would be absolutely right.

 

After all, even on top of the pack of Ulgarm Wolves, Subaru’s average level of strength and
stamina, and the fact that Subaru did not know these woods nearly as well as those monsters
who lived in it—

 

["What a horrid face…” Ram wheezed, currently being bridal carried. “I shall tell your
home village on you."]

 

["I'll remember that later—” he wheezed. “—Damn it! —And I believed you could fight
them, geez!"]



 

“You could have said something to her first,” Anastasia muttered, more to herself than
anyone else. Subaru already understood it, after all, so there was no need to scold him further.
“This really is your own fault.”

 

—Nearby, Mimi was snarling. “Useless sister,” she hissed. “Useless, useless big sister…!”

 

["I did fight them. My endurance simply didn't hold up as well as I had hoped."]

 

["What about being ready to cross a dangerous bridge there?!"]

 

["It was a bridge too far. We would have fallen before crossing it."]

 

[She’s got a comeback for everything, doesn’t she?!]

 

Scolding him for his foolish decisions even while being carried away in his arms… For the
first time, Tivey truly understood that Ram was, to Subaru, his big sister.

 

Hetaro nudged his arm, quietly warning him not to say that out loud — regardless of how
true it was. He doubted that Mimi would appreciate the comparison.

 

[With her mana depleted, Ram can’t even move her limbs properly — and the mabeasts
keep on coming… The only word I can muster here is “regret”!]

 

Crusch bit back a retort about his own foolishness leading to this situation. He already
understood it, after all — and in any case, there was nothing to be done about it now.

 

Anastasia held back a laugh. There was something rather ridiculous about this whole
situation. So many Wolgarm in those bushes — was Subaru just the tastiest morsel in the
world to these creatures?



 

["Nothing changes with you…” Ram sighed. “Still, I appreciate your inability to
prepare."]

 

["You're cheeky for a girl being carried around! And don't talk too much! Looks like
you bit your tongue…and my strength's…not…gonna…hold…!"]

 

The banter made Frederica want to smile, even through her mind-numbing horror at the
situation unfolding before her eyes. Truly, regardless of what had happened before, those two
really did act like true siblings. On some level, they acted more like siblings than she and
Garfiel, didn’t they?

 

—But Ram had murdered Subaru in cold blood. That wasn’t something she could forget.
That wasn’t something she SHOULD forget, either.

 

[I’m more athletic than most of my peers, but I’m no marathon runner! But if I stop, then
—]

 

[The mabeasts behind him nipped at his heels, fully aware that Subaru was nearing the
end of his strength.]

 

Ricardo snarled. This sense that the monsters were toying with easy prey, letting it run itself
to exhaustion for their own entertainment…!

 

“Sadistic little…!” Julius gritted his teeth, agonized fright shining in his eyes as he tugged on
his hair.

 

He didn’t like this. He didn’t want this. Subaru shouldn’t be there. Subaru—!

 

“Captain…!” Garfiel croaked out, eyes pained.

 



["Looks like it's finally time to unleash the power hidden within m— Ow!"]

 

[One of the mabeasts had lunged, burying its teeth into his shoulder.]

 

“Subaru!” Emilia cried out. She wasn’t the only one.

 

“No!” Wilhelm shouted, a rare genuine terror in his voice as he found himself unable to brace
for the chance that history was about to repeat itself. “No— Not again—!”

 

“Shit!” Garfiel snapped. “Shit— Captain—!”

 

“No!” Mimi cried out. “No— Subaru—!”

 

Rachins was making an indecipherable screeching noise.

 

—Felt folded her arms. Whatever would happen next— Had already happened. One way or
another.

 

[Subaru desperately twisted through the agony as he ran, trying to shake off his
attacker—]

 

["—Barusu!”]

 

["Oh cra—!"]

 

[Still running as fast as he could manage, Subaru hurtled the both of them off a cliff.]

 



A chorus of cries echoed through the theater — but above them all, Emilia screamed out
something that couldn’t really be understood by anyone there. It may have been Subaru’s
name. It may have been something utterly meaningless. There were tears in the corners of her
eyes.

 

“E-Emilia-tan!” Subaru tried to call out. “Emilia-tan, it’s alright! I got out of it okay, so—!”

 

Emilia wasn’t listening to him. Her terrified face was entirely fixated on the sight in front of
her, as she watched the person she adored with all her heart and soul, pursued by bloodthirsty
monsters intent on tearing him limb from limb, throw himself off of a—!

 

["Bastards tricked me…!” Subaru snarled, sliding down the slick rock face as he
frantically looked for a way to slow his descent. “Damn it all!”]

 

[I knew they were intelligent, but I’d been unable to shake my impression of them as just
animals—!]

 

“It ain’t unheard of for mabeasts to act in surprising ways,” Ricardo growled, tense. “It’s why
ya never, ever underestimate…!”

 

Kill it quickly, before it has the chance to surprise you. That was the only smart way to
handle a fight with an animal like that.

 

It hadn’t been the intelligence of the mabeasts, Otto thought grimly. Instead, it had been—

 

He and Garfiel exchanged a look. There was no need for the other three Camps to know
about Meili’s involvement, here.

 

(Meili had been directly involved in Subaru’s murder twice. But — that was an issue for the
Emilia Camp to address on their own.)

 



(Where had she been hiding, when Subaru and Ram had been fleeing that mabeast pack?
Garfiel glanced around the scenery, but Meili had done a good job at hiding herself: to his
eyes, she was nowhere to be found.)

 

[With one arm, Subaru held Ram tight. With the other, he thrust his sword into the
cliff. "Owwww!” he cried out, his left side scraping against rock as the sword twisted.
“Ow, ow, ow!"]

 

Every cry of pain made Julius cringe harder and harder. Tears of anguished helplessness were
starting to bud in the corners of his eyes.

 

“Jules…” Anastasia murmured, but there wasn’t much she could say.

 

[Finally, they came to a stop. Subaru looked down and swallowed: just a second more
and the rock cliff would have dipped inwards, leaving him with nothing to cling to: they
would have both fallen to their deaths.]

 

For some reason, Julius suddenly saw Joshua — tactless, selfless, starry-eyed Joshua —
hanging there in Subaru’s place. The image made a horrific-sounding croak leave his chest.

 

[A horrible yelping noise drowned Julius out: several mabeasts had thrown themselves
after Subaru, only to roll down the cliffside and hurtle down to the hard stone far, far
below, where their bodies mercilessly crunched.]

 

That would have been Jo— Subaru’s fate, if he had been a second slower. —No, that wasn’t
quite right. Having all his bones crunched up by a fall from a cliff was something that Subaru
had already experienced once. He had avoided it this time, but at one point, Subaru had
already—

 

Subaru would never forgive him for it, but— if Julius could be allowed to give him a hug this
one time, just this once, then—!

 



["Ah,“ Subaru grimaced, tightening his grip on Ram. “We came very close to needing
condolences ourselves.”]

 

["Arm…hurts…!"]

 

You don’t get to complain! Ram wanted to snap at her past self.

 

["It will of course be dangerous if we fall down the cliff,” Ram noted, understanding
that Subaru could not hold them both there forever. “Can you climb, Barusu?"]

 

["I'd love to tough it out...but the mabeasts up there are still a problem.”]

 

“Shit,” Tivey hissed. Hetaro glanced at him, startled by the unusual use of foul language.
“Shit, what could—?”

 

“Subaru said he got out of this alright,” Hetaro muttered. “He said…” But even he didn’t
look convinced.

 

Wilhelm hissed through his teeth. A heavy drop, or the gaping jaws of the beasts above?
Subaru would have to pick one or the other, but which would he stand a better chance
against? Of all the hopeless situations—!

 

But he needed to pick one, Reinhard thought, gritting his teeth. Because if Subaru didn’t pick
quickly, then—!

 

["—Ah,” Ram and Subaru said as one.]

 

[The sword holding them up broke in two.]

 



Julius shrieked.

 

[Subaru desperately tried to thrust what remained of the sharpest sword in the village
into the rocky wall again, but couldn’t get it to stick. He clung with his body, regardless
of the scrapes he knew he would accumulate, but friction alone could not slow two
people—!]

 

["We're done for—!"]

 

“Oh no…!” Reinhard groaned. He wanted to cover his eyes. —But he hadn’t been there, so
the least he could do was watch.

 

Rachins couldn’t help it. He squeezed his eyes shut and slammed both hands over his ears,
bracing himself for the inevitable.

 

[The least I can do as a man is use my body to shield her — even if that means I’m going
down headfirst—!]

 

Wilhelm hissed. That was a man’s duty towards women, yes. But when that woman had
murdered him so coldly, then…!

 

["You owe me for this, Barusu!!" Ram shouted. “EI Fulla!”]

 

Ram winced, already understanding what sort of burden she was about to take on for both of
their sakes—

 

[And a gust of wind erupted straight down,  cushioning their fall. Subaru spun around
in the air to put his legs underneath them both, and—]

 

["Nguuuuuuh, aaaaaa—“ he cried out, his legs nearly buckling under the pain of the
remaining impact. But they were alive. “We — made it!!"]



 

Hesitantly, Rachins opened one eye very, very slightly.

 

Now calming down slightly, Wilhelm looked up mourningly to where half of the sword that
Subaru had been gifted — a gift that should have been a symbol of manliness, of heroism, of
knighthood — was now sticking out of the cliffside.

 

Rem breathed a sigh of relief. They— Surely that would—

 

[“You totally turned into my Buddha there, Ram. If it wasn’t for your Wind Magic
there, we’d be— Ah, er, Ram?”]

 

Wilhelm’s heart rate spiked once again.

 

[Ram’s head was drooping, unconscious. She was moaning painfully, blood trickling
from her nose alongside her shallow breaths.]

 

“What?!” Rem cried out, relief dissolving like spun sugar in water.

 

Anastasia chuckled under her breath. All that talk about men having a duty to courageously
sacrifice themselves for women — and then the woman goes and switches their roles.

 

Well. When the woman was the person with the ability to save them both, then that was the
only reasonable solution.

 

Mimi sputtered. “You— You useless sister!” she cried out. “Leaving your little brother alone
at a time like—?!”

 

[“Uh, geez, this is bad.” Subaru gently rocked her, but received no reply. “Ah, crap. My
timing really is shitty…”]



 

“YOUR timing?!”

 

“Onee-chan,” Hetaro whispered, pulling her back.

 

“Not the time!” Tivey hissed.

 

Ram didn’t bother defending herself to any of them. They could think whatever they wanted
about her.

 

…It wasn’t like she completely disagreed, in any case.

 

[But even the mabeast can’t leap down the edge of a sheer cliff like that, he thought.
Surely they’ll have to take their time circling around—]

 

[“Oh, come on, you’ve gotta be kidding me!"]

 

[A large number of rocks flowed down the slope, with the very puppy from the village
emitting a golden glow as it led the rest of the pack down the new path to their prey.]

 

“Shit!” Rachins cried out. “On top of everything else — isn’t the use of magic cheating?!”

 

Fangs, claws, muscular physiques, insane senses of smell, the intelligence to drive their prey
off of a cliff, the strength and stamina to run for long periods of time, the death curse they
laid upon their victims — and access to Earth Magic, too? How was THAT fair?!

 

Felt sighed. “Fairness” was a myth not worth lamenting. …Even if part of her really, really
wanted to.

 



[Subaru laughed faintly. "I'm starting to hate you, Lady Witch: that perfume of yours
is overkill."]

 

It really was, Beatrice grimaced. Having experienced it before, she could fully believe that it
would be enough to draw the attention of a forest full of monsters. But to see that
understanding visualized in such a frank manner drove it home in a way that nothing else
could possibly measure up to.

 

[My legs are still numb, but I’m gonna have to flee. I hope they don’t pounce the instant
they land—!]

 

["Er,“ Subaru suddenly said. “Wha…?”]

 

[Those mabeast look…]

 

Wilhelm blinked, similarly bewildered. “Huh?”

 

[They were flinching, even while on the path down the cliff — and then the instant they
hit the ground, they began to scatter in all directions.]

 

["Huh? Uh, I'm over here, guys…?”]

 

“Don’t call them back over to you—!” Julius cried out.

 

—Anastasia was frowning. Subaru was right to be confused. What on Earth was that
behavior for?

 

[The heck's going on here...?]

 



[An explosion on the clifftop gave him his answer.]

 

As her eyes took in the sight of what it was, exactly, that had just arrived on the battlefield,
Frederica screamed.

 

[A moment after Frederica had spotted the disturbance, Subaru looked to where the
sound had come from. There, on top of the cliff, he a humanoid sillouette, dressed in
servant clothes and holding a blood-drenched morningstar.]

 

“Great Od,” Ricardo muttered.

 

Rom couldn’t help but laugh at the disturbing sight. Felt punched him in the arm. “Not the
time…!” she hissed.

 

[Ah. The moment Subaru met her gaze, he broke out into a cold sweat. This isn’t good,
is it…?]

 

["This is just…a tiny bit unfair, don't you think?"]

 

“What is he supposed to do against THAT…?” Mimi growled, eyes frantic with worry.

 

“Maybe he won’t have to do anything?” Hetaro whispered. “She went in there to save him,
right?”

 

“I don’t know,” Tivey hissed. “That look in her eyes…”

 

Felt didn’t say anything. In her gut, she knew well and good that Tivey was correct. But —
there was no reason to say that out loud, was there?

 



[Having cooperated to take down the mabeasts, Ram and I got this far with hardly a
scratch, Subaru reflected miserably. The plan was to find Rem, who would be
miraculously unharmed, and lecture her for being a loose cannon in a safe, peaceful,
happy reunion. And, using me as a lure, we’d use Ram's and Rem's sisterly powers to take
down the mabeasts one after another, liberating me from the curse. End of story.]

 

["That's how I imagined it,” he said aloud in a pathetic voice. “But, yeah…”]

 

Anastasia winced.

 

“Would have been nice…” Julius lamented in a pitiful sort of voice. His eyes were filled with
terror.

 

[Covered head to toe in both blackish and vivid blood spatter, dry and fresh layered on top
of one another… Long and sharp claw-like nails — perhaps an effect of her horned form?
That iron ball under her right hand, as well as a pool of blood and little bits of flesh…]

 

It really was a horrific sight. Crusch stared at the meteor, aghast. How could one person…?

 

Wilhelm had seen many a soldier during the Demihuman War. He had seen many great
killers, many fighters brandishing weapons that killed hundreds on the battlefield. But the
brutality of the sight before him was still, somehow, a novel one.

 

Ferris didn’t even care. Whatever. None of it mattered anyway, right?

 

[I kind of expected to find her like this so I can keep my senses right now — but if I’d met
this Rem in a dark alley, I’d absolutely piss myself, wouldn’t I?]

 

Rachins would not blame him for that in the slightest.

 



He just hoped that he hadn’t just pissed himself. Being right there in front of that madwoman
and being safe in a theater watching it after the fact were two very different situations, so
Rachins really wouldn’t have much of an excuse.

 

[Worst of all, I don’t see a single shred of friendship in Rem's eyes right now. All I can
sense is pitch-black bloodlust. —She doesn’t look like she’s in any mental condition for us
to talk things through…!]

 

Reinhard could feel that bloodlust emanating through the meteor. He shivered. And there,
facing her down in the middle of the forest, with hardly any protection at all, was—

 

If Reinhard had just taken him with him tot the Astrea Estate that night, then none of this
would have happened.

 

[And yet, in the midst of it all, that pure white horn…it’s ironic, but it looks so angelic and
beautiful in contrast to the rest of this scene.]

 

It was certainly a sight. Anastasia could agree with that.

 

“Angelic,” Ram scoffed under her breath. She stared at her sister’s horn with a distasteful
look on her face.

 

Emilia made a noise of utter confusion. “Subaru…?”

 

This — was the kind of girl that he liked? …What did that say about Emilia?

 

[This pressure — I’m not even sure if it’s safe to blink. I don’t know what’ll happen if I
take my eyes off of this threat for even a split second…!]

 

Wilhelm had an idea of what could happen. He didn’t want to think about it.



 

Subaru would survive this. He already knew that Subaru would—

 

But the sight of him standing there, before such a vicious-looking opponent, with so few
ways to defend himself—!

 

[Ah. Rem views me as her enemy. Subaru gave a strained smile. What the hell am I doing
all the way out here, then?]

 

“What ARE you doing?” Rachins growled under his breath.

 

Felt glanced at him briefly, and then turned back to the meteor. She didn’t say it out loud, but
she was thinking something very similar herself.

 

—In front of them both, Rem was feeling that question one-thousandfold.

 

["Heya, Rem-rin,” Subaru called out cheerfully, face stiff despite his best efforts. “It's
your pal Subaru! Your buddy!"]

 

[Rem turned her head to face him with a look so sharp that he could practically hear it.]

 

Frederica squeaked, instinctively recoiling backwards from those two piercing eyes.

 

["If you give me steamy looks like that, I'm gonna get singed…”]

 

Nobody laughed. Not with the atmosphere feeling as though it were balancing on a tightrope,
ready to fall into chaos at the slightest provocation.

 



[Rem standing before me, the mabeasts standing behind — my life is truly dangling by a
thread right now… Subaru swallowed, paralyzed right alongside the mabeasts. The
entire situation hinges on Rem's next action, doesn’t it?]

 

For even the mabeasts to be terrified to the point of freezing in place —

 

Rem really had been a monster, hadn’t she?

 

In the present moment, Rem clutched at her nightgown. The soft fabric was a meager comfort
between her fingers. Tears beaded at the corners of her eyes, and she swallowed them back.
After all, what sort of girl wants to be a monster?

 

["Nee-sama…" Rem whispered.]

 

Rem paused, and then her head snapped back upwards to face the meteor head-on.

 

Even in that state, even with that filth all over her, even with that look in her eyes—

 

A flicker of hope sparked alight in her chest. Even here — she could recognize her beloved
older sister?

 

If that was the case, then maybe—-!

 

[Her voice is tired and faint — but even amid a frenzy sufficient to make her lose her
sanity, Rem still recognized the sight of her other half, Subaru thought in astonishment.
“If I didn't know better, I'd say you had a sister complex.”]

 

Nobody laughed.

 



[“If that brought you back to sanity, I'm all for—"]

 

["Let her go."]

 

[And the morningstar was flung at him with the force of a typhoon.]

 

Rem shrieked loudly, and the rest of the theater burst into pandemonium behind her.

 

[Subaru just barely managed to duck in time, perhaps urged on by his knees still being
wobbly from his rough landing. But he still had to bite down a shout of pain as the
spikes of the iron ball gouged into his right shoulder.]

 

“What the fuck—?!” Rachins shouted.

 

“What sort of joke is—?!” Wilhelm snarled.

 

“Do you want to help him or not, you useless—?!” Mimi cried.

 

["That hurt, damn it!" he cried, just barely managing to sidestep the chain that lashed
downwards.]

 

[If I’d been any slower in dodging, my back would have borne that mark…! He
shuddered, looking at the snakelike trail gouged into the hard ground.]

 

Emilia croaked something out.

 

[He looked up at Rem, but Rem looked no different from before. Her eyes were steeped
in enmity without having regained their sanity.]



 

["Horned form isn't the problem; it's whether or not you can control it…”]

 

An out-of-control Oni, Rom grimaced. Few things in this world were quite that terrifying.

 

[If that’s the case, the issue is how to restore her sanity, he decided. She was in a frenzied
state last night, too, but her mind had been more Rem than mad oni in the moments before
I blacked out. Perhaps the sight of me getting gravely injured before her eyes would be
enough of a shock to snap her back to lucidity…]

 

[“Maybe I should try getting hit by the iron ball once?” he wondered. “Wait, I’ll be
mincemeat then…”]

 

“NO—!” Ram shouted, a note of pure terror entering her voice. A chorus of similar cries
backed her plea, but her cry was the loudest of the lot.

 

[Ram might have been able to help, here, but she probably won’t wake up for a while…!]

 

Even knowing that it was a useless endeavor, Ram couldn’t help but curse her old self
frantically. Of all the times to be put out of commission…!

 

She didn’t protect her little brother. She couldn’t protect her little sister. And now she was
going to watch the two of them tear each other apart as the direct consequences of her own
sins.

 

Truly, she thought in despair. Truly, I am a worthless big sister, aren’t I?

 

[If no new option presents itself, I’ll just have to try everything, Subaru decided. If
charging forward is the only way, then that’s that. —That’s the Subaru way.]

 



“Subaru…!” Emilia croaked out.

 

["Hey, Rem! Don't just look at your sister in my arms here, look at me! My name is
Natsuki Subaru! The absolutely useless newbie doing odd jobs! The doe-eyed
manservant at Roswaal Manor! I probably caused you and Ram a lot of trouble, but we
got along some of the time, ri— Whoa!”]

 

[Ram’s short temper put a stop to his plea, the morningstar smashing through every
tree in its path as Subaru frantically made a pretty hop-step-jump in order to dodged
the blow.]

 

Stop it! Rem wanted to cry out. Stop it, stop it, stop it— Didn’t you go in there to help him?!

 

["It's rude to beat someone to death midsentence! I saw my family's faces before my
eyes there… Ah, here we are!"]

 

["Give Nee-sama back…!”]

 

[But suddenly Rem’s focus shifted. With one arm, she yanked back her morningstar —
using the momentum nail the torso of a mabeast with a backward spinning kick as it
leapt out at her from behind.]

 

Rachins yelped at the force of the blow. “Holy shit—!”

 

[The demon beast exploded on impact with a howl, its innards sailing through the air.]

 

Crusch shrank away from the gory imagery, shaking all over. Wilhelm placed a tentative hand
on her shoulder.

 

[That’s what you get for trying to profit from the misery of others, Subaru commented
inwardly.]



 

Normally Ricardo would congratulate Rem on such a great blow. But right now, all he could
think about was what it would look like if Subaru—

 

[The other mabeast stopped in their tracks at that gruesome death, but this was a
mistake: Rem responded to their hesitation—]

 

“Great Od—!” Frederica gasped, staring with horror at the scene unfolding before her eyes.

 

[—smashing together the bellies and skulls of two beasts with her iron ball, sending
their blood and flesh flying in chunks—]

 

Otto flinched backwards violently, his ears feeling as though they were shriveling up at the
sound of crunching blood and squelching flesh.

 

[—crushing the front paw of a monster that drew its head back, kicking upwards to
snap its neck by its chin—]

 

“Holy fuck, Rem,” Garfiel managed.

 

It wasn’t like he only liked girls who were the demure and graceful type. But Ram’s cutthroat
attacks were the kind that were swift and clean and precise, like a skilled technician. By
comparison, Rem was — not a butcher, who still intended to prepare the meat for sale, but
something akin to a wrecking ball intent on smashing her target to pieces until there was
nothing left.

 

Garfiel wasn’t the type to shrink away from violence — but the spectacle before his eyes was
on a level he had rarely seen.

 

[—slamming her heel downwards into the torso of another mabeast—]

 



In most circumstances, Ram would have admired her sister’s clear skill and strength as she
turned those monsters into mincemeat. But Ram didn’t like that look in her little sister’s eye,
and she certainly didn’t like the fact that, at any moment, it could be aimed at—

 

Beatrice shrank closer to the glass of the jar in which Subaru sat, and tried to keep her
breathing steady. He survives this, she reminded herself. He survives…

 

[—gripping the throat of a lunging attacker and hurling it high into the sky, where it
yelped as it flew before smashing into the ground with a crunching, splattering sound
—]

 

Emilia stared at the vicious display and found herself imagining Subaru as every Wolgarm
that crossed Rem’s path. She didn’t want to, but she couldn’t help it, because he was right
there—!

 

—Had Rem been imagining his face on each of those monsters, too?

 

[Slaughter following slaughter, carnage for the sake of carnage, a massacre even by
massacre standards, Subaru thought with amazement. He and Ram had long been
forgotten by mabeasts and Oni alike. Those monsters simply can’t compare to Rem’s
destructive power, can they?]

 

Was there anything in this world that could?

 

Perhaps Rem would have been given a sort of comfort by that understanding, if she had been
granted it sooner. In a world that was filled with so many dangerous and terrible things —
here she was, weapon in hand and horn shining like a star on her head, dancing through it all
as though she were at the very top of the totem pole. She wasn’t defenseless, she wasn’t
helpless, and even in a world full of monsters she would have nothing to fear, because she
was at the apex of them all.

 

—Except that realization came with the cold understanding that she was also an incredibly
unstable person, and now that boy who had done nothing but love her unconditionally was
right in her line of fire.



 

["But damn,“ Subaru suddenly said, unease spreading through him as he noticed
something else. “Numbers really are a weapon all their own."]

 

Wilhelm grimaced. He remembered what it was like, being overwhelmed by sheer numbers
on the battlefield. Sword Demon he may be, but when faced with enemy after enemy, sword
after sword, over and over again until he was weak and tired and stinging with layers upon
layers of shallow cuts that alone did nothing but annoy, but together threatened to bleed him
dry…

 

“I don’t want to die.”

 

Numbers were a terrifying weapon indeed. Wilhelm could attest to that.

 

[One after another after another, with no signs of stopping… Her outfit is reddening from
the inside now, isn’t it?]

 

Was it? Rachins wasn’t sure. He was a little distracted by the carnage that woman was
wreaking on the forest surrounding her, after all.

 

In a gory scenario like this, blood just looked like blood. He wasn’t too concerned about
whose it was, just so long as it wasn’t Subaru’s.

 

[If she were dominating the battle, I could just let her hunt these things to extinction,
Subaru thought fretfully. But her situation is growing worse, isn’t it? The tide of this
battle is…!]

 

Crusch stared at Subaru’s worried face, amazed. How someone could fret over something that
looked like THAT, in circumstances like THIS—

 

She wasn’t sure if she were impressed or extremely concerned. Perhaps it was both.



 

[—There is something I can do, hesuddenly realized. All I need to do is draw both the oni
and the mabeasts’ attention to something other than each other.]

 

“—Don’t nyew DARE,” Ferris snarled.

 

But everyone could already tell what was going to happen next.

 

[—I can do this, Subaru thought, steeling himself in preparation. Girls are about beauty,
boys are about guts…!]

 

That line again. Anastasia frowned. Come to think of it, that wasn’t quite right, was it?

 

—It wasn’t that Subaru was incorrect about the roles of boys and girls, but his manner of
thinking was far too simplistic, wasn’t it? Boys had courage and girls had charm, yes, but it
was as Hoshin of the Wastes had said: women should be courageous and men should be
charming. Vapid women and brutish men were equally lacking in value, after all, no matter
how pretty or brave they may be. Anastasia prided herself as a charming maiden, but she
would never have become herself had she foregone her courage — just like Julius, for all his
courage as a knight, would be far less spectacular without his carefully-practiced charm.

 

…It wasn’t that Subaru was a coward. Far from it, Anastasia was beginning to believe that
she had never seen courage on this level before in her life — putting aside the question of
whether or not it was being put to good use. But if she were asked, she would have to say that
Subaru’s greatest strength lay in that natural, effortless charm of his that made grizzled old
men, Royal Candidates, Sword Saints, Great Spirits of Yin, psychopathic oni maids, and
Anastasia’s own personal knight all fall head-over-heels into a race to assist him in his goals.
In many ways, it appeared that Subaru was the beauty motivating the gutsy people around
him to act on his behalf.

 

Perhaps that was why Subaru struggled to understand the nuance of the question of the role
of the gender binary within interpersonal relationships: the feminine role came so easily to
him that he barely even had to think about it at all.

 



["Don't make that scary face, Rem!” he shouted. “Smile! I've Returned by—!”]

 

[And the world ground to a halt.]

 

“Here it comes,” Ricardo muttered, bracing himself. Tivey groaned, sinking into his chair as
he moved to cover his eyes, peeking out from between his fingers. Hetaro clutched his arm in
an attempt to comfort his little brother — and in front of them both, Mimi did not dare to
look away.

 

[Right arm…and a left one this time, too?]

 

Julius’ eyes widened. Two arms—?!

 

That wasn’t good. Otto snarled, trying desperately to cover up his mounting terror. That
really, really wasn’t good…!

 

“Oh no,” Ricardo hissed.

 

[The left one is caressing my cheek. Why is it caressing my cheek?]

 

Rachins shivered, feeling something cold trailing down his spine.

 

Mimi covered her mouth with her hands pupils trembling as pinprick dots.

 

She knew what that gesture meant. How could she not? Mimi had grown up in the slums of
Kararagi.

 

“…Onee-chan?” Hetaro asked tentatively.



 

“Onee-chan…” Tivey swallowed.

 

Rem wanted to throw up. Ram felt much the same way.

 

[Then the right hand clamped down around his heart once again, and Subaru’s world
devolved — first into terror, and then into that unbearable, unendurable agony.]

 

Even though Wilhelm had known it was coming, he couldn’t help but flinch violently at the
sound of Subaru’s mental screams of pain.

 

Frederica covered her ears and squeezed her eyes shut. She couldn’t help it. But it didn’t
help: she heard it anyway, and she could see Subaru’s agonized expression behind her eyelids
no matter how badly she wanted to shut it out.

 

Reinhard hadn’t been there. It was his fault that Subaru had needed to do this. It was his fault
that, instead of relying on him, Subaru had needed to—

 

[I’m not myself anymore. I don’t exist. My consciousness is fading. My blood is boiling.
It’s just pain. It’s nothing but pain.]

 

Garfiel hated this. He hated the idea that Subaru had endured this alone. He hated the idea
that Subaru had ever cried out in agony like this. He hated the fact that Captain, for the
longest time— and Garfiel had had absolutely no idea—!

 

Crusch gritted her teeth and clenched her fists until her knuckles turned white, bracing herself
against the tortured wails of the boy who had done absolutely nothing to deserve any of this.

 

[…But that palm against my cheek is warm and comforting, isn’t it?]

 



Anastasia’s eyes widened, a horrible feeling rising inside of her chest. Felt’s stomach nearly
turned itself inside-out.

 

“…What…?” Emilia whimpered.

 

["I'm…back!" Subaru gasped aloud.]

 

Stenches couldn’t permeate through the meteor, not really. But the miasma would be so thick
after that stunt that Beatrice felt as though she could smell that foul odor regardless.

 

Why did Ferris even bother? Why did he ever bother with anything? What was the point of
even trying? His own feelings didn’t matter: he couldn’t do a damn thing about any of this.

 

—Crusch suddenly felt something cold travel down her spine. Over the past year…

 

Just how many times had Subaru done this?

 

[A great change came over the battlefield, with every enemy changing attention to
Subaru at once — as if some anomaly that could not be ignored had just entered the
scene.]

 

Rom grimaced. He wondered what it was that those monsters were seeing, in that defenseless
boy’s place.

 

Whatever it was — he knew it couldn’t be good, not for any of them.

 

[Rem roared. The mabeasts howled in unison. Subaru, too, screamed at the top of his
lungs.]

 



Faced with the sight of her little brother willingly facing down so many enemies at once —
one of whom was her beloved little sister — while she herself hung motionless in his arms —

 

Ram made a small croaking sound.

 

[Subaru just barely managed to dodge the mabeasts and the morninstar that threw
themselves his way, and the fight began again in earnest.]

 

Beatrice swallowed.

 

—Subaru had said that he got out of this alright. So…she should trust him about that,
shouldn’t she?

 

Even if, when she watched helplessly as Subaru was bared down upon by such vicious
beasts, all Beatrice could think was—

 

[Between this battle of horned oni, mabeast, and ordinary boy, I’ve gotta stay vigilant…!]

 

That was right.

 

Captain wasn’t like Garfiel, not really. He didn’t have any special protections, or powers, or
abilities that didn’t place him right in the line of fire. He was just — a guy.

 

It wasn’t that Garfiel respected him less for it. If anything, Captain’s ability to charge forward
even in the face of his weakness was something to admire, right?

 

But — was it really alright to admire him from the sidelines like this?

 



Garfiel prided himself as the shield of the Emilia Camp. Did it constitute an abandonment of
his role, to passively cheer Subaru on in the fight against an enemy that Garfiel would have
been far better suited to handle in his stead?

 

[Every mabeast that crossed Rem’s path was turned into wall paste by her morningstar.
This didn’t stop them from continuing to charge, however, and so crimson flower after
crimson flower bloomed against the rocky ground.]

 

With every crimson flower, Otto flinched more and more violently.

 

It wasn’t that he sympathized with mabeasts, of all things. Otto was friends with bugs and
beasts and all sorts of creatures that other humans would look down upon, yes, but mabeasts
were a uniquely irredeemable sort of monster that needed to be eliminated whenever a person
had the chance. —And in any case, they had been targeting Subaru, so he really couldn’t care
less about whatever fates they met as a result.

 

But in place of every crimson flower could very well have been Subaru. —Would become
Subaru, even, if Rem was allowed to have her way.

 

[Subaru leapt backwards, having had to shift his hold on Ram to prevent himself from
dropping her, just barely managing to evade one monster that attempted to use the
opportunity to make a meal of him.]

 

Ram couldn’t help but snarl at herself. On top of everything else—!

 

Ram was not used to being so self-critical. Ram was Ram, after all: there was no reason for
her to wish that she were anyone but herself. Mistakes were to be recognized and taken in
stride, and accomplishments to be filed away in the back of her mind as she kept moving
forward.

 

But she had never even considered the possibility that she would do something so evil
towards someone she cared about, and with the rug having been pulled out from under her so
violently, she now had no choice but to stare her shortcomings in the face and demand for
something to change.



 

[However, this put him directly in Rem’s path, who didn’t even hesitate to send her
morningstar his way—]

 

STOP IT! Rem screamed inwardly. She wanted to cover her eyes. She couldn’t look away.
Stop it, stop it, stop it — haven’t you already done enough?!

 

Beatrice had implied that Rem had gone in there to save Subaru. Subaru had vouched for that
conclusion himself. Rem trusted neither of them, because the sight before her eyes so
viciously contradicted that wistful thinking.

 

[Only for him to evade it just right, so that it hit the mabeast that was trying to chomp
down on him instead, turning it to mincemeat.]

 

Emilia croaked.

 

This was the girl that Subaru loved, just as much as he loved her?

 

…What did that say about Emilia, then?

 

[Rem charged—]

 

Emilia couldn’t look away. She wanted to squeeze her eyes shut, but she couldn’t look away
—!

 

[—and Subaru dropped to the ground, crawling along to escape both her and the
mabeasts that had bounded over to them both, inadvertently placing themselves directly
between Subaru and Rem.]

 

“Good job!” Wilhelm praised.



 

["—Hah! I'm actually doing pretty well here!"]

 

Subaru winced, laughing uncomfortably. “I — wouldn’t really agree with that…”

 

[I desperately bounded away to avoid being bitten, foisted the pursuing demon beasts on
the maid girl, and crawled away like a cockroach to escape her wrath, Subaru reflected. If
my actions were ever recorded for posterity, I’d want to die then and there…!]

 

Julius frowned. “I think you have been fighting very well,” he said, sounding somewhat
uneasy. “Considering your lack of strength, nobody could possibly have expected anything
more from you in a situation like this.”

 

He had meant it as both honest praise and genuine reassurance, but Subaru did not appear to
take his comment as either or. He didn’t even bite back at him, instead wilting slightly with
visible shame from within his cage.

 

Julius frowned, confused by this reaction. Anastasia sighed with exasperation before
elbowing him in the side.

 

["—Uh?" Subaru suddenly stumbled.]

 

“Eh?!” Emilia cried out. “Subaru, what’s—?!”

 

[Cold…dizzy…so tired… Subaru lost his balance, crashing into the ground.]

 

“The curse,” Beatrice gasped. Otto sucked in a sharp breath. Garfiel squeaked, eyes widening
in terror.

 

“Shit,” Rachins spat. “Shit, shit, shit—!”



 

“The Wolgarm are all right there,” Felt forced out through gritted teeth. “There all right there,
so—”

 

“And just WHAT is he supposed to do about it?!”

 

["The curse…” Subaru groaned, coming to the same conclusion a split-second after
everyone in the theater. “At a time like this…?!"]

 

This had to be the worst possible time. Ferris gritted his teeth, clutching at his head. In this
place, at this time, with so many threats all gunning for him at once—!

 

Helpless. Useless. Worthless. Subaru was going to get hurt and make everyone cry, wasn’t
he?

 

Wilhelm could feel his heart pounding in his chest, beads of sweat forming on his white face
as he sat there paralyzed by the scene in front of him. Struck vulnerable while there were so
many dangerous monsters surrounding him, left alone with only those who wished to bring
him harm, left at the mercy of a curse set to drain him of his life slowly and painfully as he
choked and whined—

 

And, to top all of it off—!

 

[I have no way to tell which of those mabeasts is the caster.]

 

“It’s probably—! No, maybe it’s that one, or—!” But no matter how Hetaro’s eyes scanned
the area, desperately searching for the way out, he couldn’t see a thing.

 

Julius desperately tried to think of how he might be able to tell which one was which. Surely
there was some sort of signal, some sort of tell—! But just like Hetaro, he found himself
utterly helpless in the face of such a scenario, because every Wolgarm looked much the same.



 

If Reinhard had been there, he would have killed every Wolgarm in the clearing. If none of
them had been the caster, he would have sped through the woods, chasing down each and
every monster he could find until he was certain that Subaru was safe from harm. Anything
else would be a pathetic waste on his part.

 

—But that was a pathetically prideful way to think, because Reinhard had been so pathetic
that he hadn’t even managed to be there at all.

 

[Whichever it is, it probably is eating me now because…]

 

“Because it needs the mana to fight Rem properly,” Mimi gasped.

 

Tivey snarled, just barely managing to bite back some very unkind words.

 

Crusch stared at the meteor with a cold expression on her face. If this were the kind of person
she herself had been, she believed that she would spend the rest of her life polishing her soul
in a manner that would best spit in that person’s face.

 

Rem’s actions had exacerbated the issue, yes. But Ricardo didn’t think this, at least, was
something worth pinning on her: either way, Subaru would be dog food by the time midnight
came.

 

Anastasia scowled. The girl had rushed into the woods to save him — and had acted so
recklessly that she ended up spurring the curse along? What a useless servant.

 

Rem stared at the screen in disbelief. Even when she claimed to be helping this boy…

 

Did she do nothing but cause pain for the people around her? Could she do nothing but screw
over others, racing off to mask her own sadistic inclinations with the excuse that she was
acting for their sake instead of her own? Was she really that much of a useless loose canon,



that even when she tried to help she only made things far, far worse from what they would
have been without her input?

 

Why was Rem even alive?

 

(Rem was alive because Subaru had killed himself for her sake. That was the only answer to
any of her questions that she had, and she hated that part of her wished that she had never
learned about it at all.)

 

[If the mabeasts bite me to death, it’ll only be a matter of time until they weighed Rem
down by sheer numbers, Subaru thought wearily. But more than that, the very reason
Rem had entered the forest will…]

 

And even now — the only thing that boy could think about was Rem. She wanted to wail
aloud at the waste.

 

Those would be Subaru’s last thoughts, then. Frederica swallowed. Cursed and injured and
facing the bloodthirsty image of someone he had mistakenly trusted as a good friend, and all
he could think about was how that so-called friend might end up getting hurt as a result of
him dying there in the woods.

 

It was so in-character for that gentle-hearted man who placed everyone else before himself
time and again, and Frederica felt as though he were stabbing her in the heart with his
beloved Shooting Star that had been left upon the kitchen table.

 

At least Subaru understood that him dying would hurt the people around him. Otto wished he
could take Subaru knowing that obvious fact for granted, but it was becoming clearer and
clearer that he could not.

 

—Even now, Subaru had phrased his death as more of an inconvenience for Rem, hadn’t he?
It made Otto want to punch him in the face all over again.

 



Garfiel didn’t want to watch Captain die from the curse again. He didn’t want to watch him
waste away like that again. Anything would be easier to watch than watching him wither and
die like that. —And yet he found himself unable to look away.

 

Captain says he survived this, he reminded himself. He says he survived, so…!

 

Beatrice took a deep breath. Exhaled. She would not doubt her contractor, not here, not now.
If he said that he survived this, then he would survive. Even if right now, she couldn’t see any
possible way for him to…

 

Subaru and Rem were both in such horrible conditions — and Ram’s limp visage was just
there, unconscious. It made Ram want to scream. Do something!

 

Emilia made a croaking sound, hands clasping around her mouth as tears beaded at the
corners of her eyes.

 

[“—Aah!”]

 

[Rem howled a cry loud enough to split the air, broke through the ranks of the swarm
with explosive force, and swung down to crush the skull of one specific mabeast — one
which had previously been far away from her — into the ground.]

 

Frederica shrieked, recoiling at the sudden vicious strike.

 

“—Wait,” Felt started. “Did she just…?”

 

[I can breathe again, Subaru realized, staring at the Oni in shock alongside the pack.
The world had entered a momentary pause. I’m not tired anymore. The curse is…]

 

“It’s broken,” Ram breathed. “Even in a state like this, you managed to…!”



 

Slowly, Frederica’s muscles eased. She stared at the meteor in wonder.

 

Even like this, Rem had not forgotten why she went into those woods. Even like this, Rem
still saw Subaru as someone she wanted to save. Even like this, Rem…

 

Who was this person?

 

[“—Rem.”]

 

[But Rem had returned to butchering the mabeasts surrounding her. She didn’t even
seem to have heard Subaru call her name.]

 

Slowly, the rest of the theater began to comprehend what it was that they had just witnessed.

 

Perhaps it would normally not have taken Anastasia so long to understand what just
happened. But for Rem to have snapped out of her stupor, even for just a moment,
specifically because she was fueled by a desire to save the exact person she had been aiming
her Morningstar at just moments before—

 

Could anything be more jarringly dissonant than that, Julius wondered? His eyes were wide,
thousands of questions racing through his head.

 

“A…” Mimi managed.

 

“…Ah?” Hetaro echoed, completely bewildered.

 

Next to them, Tivey tilted his head, a contemplative look on his face.

 



“Hmm,” Ricardo murmured.

 

Ferris stared ahead uncomprehendingly. He had stopped trying to understand any of this a
while ago.

 

Crusch tightened her grip on her knight’s shoulder. Her eyebrows were knitted together. —
Rash, sadistic, and bloodthirsty, and yet she had also…?

 

Rom chuckled. He muffled the sound behind his fist so that none of the hotheaded ones
surrounding him would hear him and think he was picking a fight.

 

Reinhard watched the meteor thoughtfully. He wasn’t sure how he felt about this.

 

Wilhelm huffed. What an insanely fickle person this was. The type of person who couldn’t
even be trusted to be consistent — that was the worst type of person to have, as both an
enemy and an ally.

 

Rachins snarled. What did that matter? She had already— What did it MATTER, if she was
fickle enough to keep changing her mind again and again and again about whether to kill him
or not?!

 

Felt watched Rem with an unreadable look on her face.

 

—Really. If this was who she was now, then just how much did it really matter who she had
been before?

 

[Even though she wasn't lucid or in a state to recognize who I am, Subaru realized, Rem
saved me by turning that mabeast into paste.]

 

Aiming to smash him into paste with her morningstar one moment, leaping in to save his life
with that same weapon the next—!



 

What are you doing? Rem held back a scream. What are you doing?!

 

[She hasn’t mistaken the sight of her beloved older sister. Nor, apparently, has she
forgotten the reason why she'd plunged into the forest in the first place.]

 

…So she had been capable of remembering that, had she?

 

Felt tilted her head, face impassive. For that to be the case — it was already clear that Rem
cared deeply for her sister, but that implied that she had cared deeply for Subaru, too, didn’t
it?

 

["If that’s the case, I'll have the heartthrob maid sisters, Ram and Rem, send that curse
packing!"]

 

“Relying on two cute girls to save yer sorry behind, eh, Subaru? What incredible manliness!”

 

—Ricardo did NOT say that, because he was starting to worry that Subaru would take such
lightly-intended teasing in a far more sinister manner than intended.

 

[But to do that, I need to bring Rem back to sanity in a real sense. My business isn’t with
the murderous Oni, but with the superficially polite, quick-to-jump-to-conclusions girl
who’s running off on her own causes everyone else so much trouble…!]

 

“Quick-to-jump-to-conclusions girl who’s running off on her own…” Anastasia muttered,
trailing off as she pressed her lips together. What a naïve, innocent, absurdly generous way to
describe that girl’s behavior.

 

That’s how you think of me, Rem thought. Superficially polite, hasty, troublesome…

 



But not murderous. Not unreliable. Not sadistic. Not — anything that could be considered
mean.

 

It wasn’t that he was blind to her faults, but that he… Did he simply not care? How could he
not care? How could he just dismiss—?!

 

["—Her horn."]

 

Ram blinked. “—Ah.”

 

["You're…awake?!" Subaru exclaimed, looking down at Ram.]

 

“About time,” Mimi muttered.

 

["I think my timing here is quite…excellent…" Ram smiled slightly up at him from his
arms.]

 

Mimi scowled even further.

 

Ram didn’t notice Mimi’s reaction. It didn’t change much, however: she felt similarly to her
fellow eldest sister herself.

 

["Yeah, you've got awesome instincts, Nee-sama. What do you mean, the horn?"]

 

“Ahh…” Rom exhaled slowly, understanding moments before the oni girl opened her mouth
to answer. “I get it.”

 

He’d hung out with that lot for a while himself, after all. It wasn’t hard to guess what Ram
may have had in mind.



 

[Ram pulled her chin in with a look of annoyance. "It is that horn that has led Rem
astray… A single, powerful blow will…bring her back…”]

 

Felt huffed, resting her chin on her palm. She didn’t know what that old guy was reminiscing
about, but she had enough tact to keep herself from intruding on it all.

 

["You're sure that'll work?"]

 

["Fairly. Largely. I believe that it will."]

 

["That's kind of vague, you know?! But I wanna believe you."]

 

“But how in Od’s name…?” Tivey trailed off.

 

[Subaru stared at Rem, currently engaged in her mastered dance of violence and
bloodshed. "Doesn't that seem kinda…impossible?"]

 

It wasn’t like Tivey needed to finish his sentence. Everyone there — past and present — was
thinking the same thing.

 

["Use your intellect and courage and just do it."]

 

(She had probably been thinking something similar, Ram thought. Whether her old self had
seen it fit to expose that underlying concern or not.)

 

[“Well, I do kind of have a way to do this that involves intellect and courage but…” He
smiled weakly at her raised eyebrows. "It's probably gonna give you a scare."]

 



“Figured out something — that quickly?” Anastasia tilted her head. “Impressive.”

 

“La— Lady Anastasia,” Julius managed. He was shaking all over. “Please, do not
encourage…!”

 

“It’s good form to praise the praiseworthy, ain’t it?” Anastasia returned.

 

“Sure, but— We aren’t even sure if he—!”

 

“Natsuki-kun has no reason to lie to us about surviving this whole mess,” Anastasia reminded
her knight calmly. “Best to lean back and see how he did it.”

 

Julius was a softer heart than most gave him credit for, really. It made Anastasia somewhat
grateful for her own rotten personality, which had at least granted her the ability to watch this
mess with as calm a heart and mind as could befit a human soul.

 

[“If it brings my little sister back to sanity, I shall not be upset."]

 

["Really?"]

 

["Really-really."]

 

["You swear on Ros-chi?"]

 

Garfiel choked. Otto winced, hard.

 

Of all the things that he could have asked Ram to swear on…!

 



[You must really not mind dying to pick that,” Ram noted. “Yes, I swear on Lord Roswaal."]

 

Emilia smiled sadly. She knew that Ram loved Lord Roswaal, really, she did. And she also
knew that love was a wonderful, wonderful thing. But…

 

It was — confusing, how she was supposed to feel about it. Though, it wasn’t like their
relationship was any of her business regardless.

 

[She says that so valiantly… That’s why I respect her view so much, isn’t it?]

 

…He respected that part of her, too, then.

 

Subaru had made fun of her love for Lord Roswaal enough times that Ram had perhaps never
really registered it, even if she hadn’t come to a firm conclusion on the opposite perspective,
either. Whether others looked down on her, respected her, whatever — it mattered not,
because Ram would always be Ram. The opinions of others were a moot point, because Ram
knew exactly who she was. —Or, had thought that she knew who she was, in any case.

 

But to hear Subaru’s constant internal monologue about how deeply, how personally he loved
her, respected her, admired her…

 

It made her feel very hollow, in the shadow of what she had done in the face of that love, and
respect, and admiration. It should have warmed her heart and her soul, but instead it left her
very empty, and very, very cold.

 

["Aaaaand, off you go!"]

 

["—Ah?"]

 

[And Subaru threw Ram clear through the air — right at her little sister.]



 

Otto squawked. Garfiel shrieked at the sight of the woman he loved being thrown through the
air so recklessly. “Ram—?!”

 

“So that’s how that happened,” Ram muttered. She’d had a vague memory of Subaru doing
something like that, but…

 

Well. Now she knew.

 

[Rem’s face changed. Bloodlust and hostility faded, replaced by something much softer.
She dropped her morningstar, catching Ram with both arms outstretched—]

 

Garfiel nearly collapsed with relief. Emilia giggled slightly. The air was still far too tense for
her to properly laugh, but…

 

It was nice, to be reminded that those girls still cared about others. To be reminded that they
were still cared about by others.

 

It was— Emilia had a lot of complicated feelings towards Rem and Ram, currently, but those
two truths were ones that she did not want to be called into question.

 

[But when Subaru attempted to take advantage of the sudden blind spot, he hesitated at
the last minute — and the swing of his sword missed her horn by a hair.]

 

Julius gave a very uncharacteristic squeak, both hands shooting upwards to clutch at his face
in terror.

 

“Oh, no…!” Ricardo groaned, wincing heavily at that fatal fumble right at the finish line.

 



Tivey made an angry, frightened, devastated sort of noise, pupils pinprick dots as he found
himself unable to look away from — whatever was about to happen next.

 

“He survived this time,” Mimi muttered. “Subaru wouldn’t lie about that. He survives, he…!”

 

“But just how badly will Rem hurt him first?” Hetaro whimpered.

 

[I chickened out! Subaru cried inwardly. I didn't have the guts for that last step!]

 

“Men are about guts and women are about beauty.” —That was what Natsuki Subaru had
said, just moments before. And now here he was, criticizing himself for not having the guts
to fully commit to his original plan. Anastasia tilted her head, wondering if Subaru himself
had realized the irony of that statement.

 

She kind of hoped he hadn’t: she couldn’t imagine that someone who thought so horribly of
himself would respond to a notice like that in a healthy manner.

 

“Oh no,” Crusch hissed, eyes round like saucers.

 

“He survives this,” Wilhelm forced out through gritted teeth. “Subaru-dono said he survives
this, so…”

 

“Oh no!” Ferris gasped.

 

[Subaru's momentum had carried him past Rem and exposed his back — and had Rem
raised her left hand to stab him.]

 

Rachins couldn’t move. He couldn’t breathe. He couldn’t even think. That sharp thing, aimed
directly at Subaru’s exposed back—

 



If you don’t wanna get hurt, then get out of the way—!

 

Reinhard made a strangled noise, hands raised to cover his mouth as a petrified look
overcame his face.

 

Rom clasped the young man’s shoulder. He didn’t know what else he could do.

 

Whatever would happen next — had long happened already. Felt braced herself for impact.

 

[Those long claws on her fingertips will surely go right through me and stick out the other
side, Subaru thought with regret. One step away from success, and at Rem’s hands…!]

 

And that sight — the one of her old self standing there with a look of utter bloodlust, with
eyes full of murder and madness, with claw-like nails poised to slaughter a boy who had done
absolutely nothing but try to help her, in this lifetime and all the ones that came before —

 

That was the sight that finally broke Rem.

 

“WHY?!” she cried.

 

Subaru startled. “Rem?” he asked, looking somewhat frazzled. “Wha— Everything ends up
fine this time, you know! So you don’t need to worry about—”

 

“I don’t care!” Rem shook her head from side to side, eyes wild and devastated. “I don’t—
That’s not— Just, why?!”

 

“Rem,” Ram attempted to caution. Everyone was turning to stare, after all. Perhaps they
would have stepped in—

 



But somehow, it didn’t feel like anyone else’s place to speak up, right now.

 

Ram’s sole attempt to intervene was fruitless, anyway: Rem shook her off. “Just answer me
properly already!” she shouted. “Why are you like this? Why am I like this?! Why did you—
and me— and us—?!”

 

“Rem,” Emilia tried, her gaze turning wary. “I really think you should rethink how you’re
speaking to Subaru right—”

 

“It’s alright, Emilia,” Subaru interrupted, flashing a warm smile her way. The corners of his
mouth were tense. “It’s— I don’t mind.”

 

“Wha?!” Rem stared at him, her mind in total disarray as he once again placed her first. She
clutched at her own scalp. “Why is it— Every time—?!”

 

“Rem,” Subaru said. His voice was carefully level. “What are you asking me, exactly?”

 

["Whoaaaa—?!"]

 

[And then ground beneath his feet exploded, vaulting Subaru straight up into the air.]

 

The sight of Subaru getting thrown like that didn’t make Rem feel any better, even as it
placed him out of her own reach: after all, the many rocks pelting upwards after him and
ripping his skin to shreds still covered him with so many painful cuts—!

 

“You keep doing this for me!” she cried. “You— You barely even knew me, and yet you kept
— Why? Why was I so important to you? —Why am I so important to you NOW?!”

 

[Ah, Subaru realized, spotting that gold-glowing puppy. It saw me creating an opening,
and tried to blow the both of us away…]



 

“Because I care about you,” Subaru said simply. The forcefully calm sincerity of his voice
was going to drive Rem insane. “You were important to me then and are important to me now
because you’re Rem.”

 

Rem stared at him for a long moment before opening her mouth again. “That’s not an
answer!”

 

[Rem roared and stomped onto the ground from which the rocks were erupting from
the mabeast’s spell. Force canceled force, ending with only her blue hair heavily
disheveled. She'd canceled out magical force with raw violence: she’d smashed the spell
with brute force.]

 

“Yeesh,” Tivey muttered, staring at the show of strength with a mix of awe and wariness.

 

“Why— Rem, what do you mean, ‘why’?” Subaru demanded, looking bewildered and a little
hurt. “I did it because you’re important to me, isn’t that enough?!”

 

“WHY am I important to you?!” Rem retorted. “Why do you care about me so much?! Why
do you— Every time I look like I’m in trouble, you’re always right there! And I can’t figure
out why you keep putting yourself there for me when all I’ve ever done is hurt you!”

 

“I don’t need a reason to care about you, you idiot!” Subaru retorted, now up on his feet with
one hand pressed against the glass. “Even before everything you did to save me, even beyond
the Wolgarm Incident — you’re Rem! It’s not a matter of how much you did for me already
or what you can do for me in the future or who owes who what: I like you for you!”

 

[I’ve vanished from even the furthermost reaches of her mind, Subaru understood —
even as he spun head over heels, head over heels, round and round and round through
the air. He clung firmly to his sword as he flew— and fortunately, landed on the hard
ground instead of slamming into the wall of rock.]

 

[And Rem stood right below him, her head exposed, not noticing him whatsoever.]



 

Anastasia smiled grimly. At the very least — it didn’t seem that Subaru’s momentary lapse in
masculinity (or at least, masculinity as Subaru defined it) had been lauded as a fatal error by
the world around him.

 

But if he failed to take this second chance, there would be no guarantee…

 

[There will be no better chance, Subaru understood, readying his sword. Nor no chance
after. It‘s now or never.]

 

Subaru, at least, appeared to understand this. Anastasia nodded her head once in approval.

 

—Rom and Anastasia were the only ones still paying attention to the meteor. Everyone else’s
eyes and ears were firmly fixed on the present versions of the two individuals onscreen,
locked in the kind of argument that could only be described as utterly absurd.

 

“That was NOT an honest mistake, Subaru!” Rem shrieked, practically tearing her own hair
out. “An honest mistake is — accidentally breaking a vase, or failing to properly peel a
vegetable, or putting on the wrong uniform in the morning when you’re half-asleep! It’s not
— That sort of violence cannot possibly be described as ‘an honest mistake’! Do you even
understand what that sounds like?!”

 

“Rem—” Ram tried to interrupt, but was verbally bowled over from across the room.

 

“What else do you call it?” Subaru answered hotly. “Everything you knew was telling you
that I was a danger to your home, and your loved ones! Protecting them — you did nothing
wrong by prioritizing that! The fact that you thought I was a threat in the first place — that’s
all on me, right? I keep telling you: everything back then was MY fault, not yours!”

 

“How are MY actions YOUR fault?!” Rem all but screamed. “Every single time, you did
nothing but try to help me — and I spat in your face for it! I always just—!”

 



“That’s not—!”

 

“I never even stopped!” Rem wailed. “You said I never hurt you again — but here I am,
ready to slaughter you in the woods all over again for the crime of — of coming to save me!”

 

And even now — even in the present moment, all Subaru had ever done was try to be nice to
her, to defend her, to speak well of her when everyone else was horrified and furious by what
was unfolding before their eyes. And even in the present moment, Rem had only ever—

 

“That wasn’t your fault!” Subaru retorted. “You weren’t all there, anyone could see that! —
And in the first place, you went in there to save ME, remember?!”

 

[I arrived at this point at the end of a long string of coincidences, Subaru reflected.
Opportunism for the win. Miracles are awesome. Even if purely by whim, sometimes God
does good work — although God's work would also have helped tremendously with that
previous attempt.]

 

“And how does that even make sense?!” Rem demanded. “I wanted to hurt you! I wanted to
kill you! It took me less than a week to decide that you were the kind of person I would —
would enjoy maiming and slaughtering, and — and don’t give me that ‘It’s my fault for being
suspicious’ nonsense, because anyone could tell that I did all of that for my own self-
satisfaction!”

 

“The entire reason you went into that forest was to save my life, you moron!” Subaru
retorted. “You didn’t have to do that! Nobody would have blamed you if you didn’t do that!
But you went anyway, and you fought for me until you pushed yourself to the very brink like
a self-destructive idiot—”

 

“Don’t you DARE yell at me for being self-destructive!” Rem screamed. “Don’t you dare!
After everything you did, you— you—!”

 

“I CAN call you self-destructive, because that’s exactly the kind of idiot you are!” Subaru
shouted back. “Even now, you’re sitting here demanding that I punish you for trying to save
my sorry—!”



 

Subaru suddenly stopped, eyes widening in sudden panic.

 

[There‘s no time. Rem is close at hand, and so is the slow, leisurely world with her…!]

 

That was the only reasonable response, after all, when Rem had started to cry.

 

“R… Rem…?”

 

“Slow and leisurely world?!” she sobbed. “That’s what you think of me, even after all of—
What is wrong with you?!”

 

“Sho…” Subaru shook his head. “Shouldn’t you be happy about that?” he asked. He had
gone back to a forcibly calmer, gentler tone, even as he attempted to argue back. “What kind
of idiot would feel sad about having other people care about them?”

 

That question nearly knocked the breath out of her lungs, from how ridiculously short-sighted
and simplistic it was. Being cared about? Being loved? Sure, those were good things on their
own—

 

But to be told that the person you hurt more than anyone else in the world loved you, cared
for you, thought so highly of to the point where he would gladly sacrifice himself just for the
fleeting chance of seeing you smile again—!

 

“You don’t get it!” Rem screamed, looking ready to tear her own hair out. “You really, really
don’t get it, do you?!”

 

This was agony. This was pain. This was true despair, wickedly disguised as kindness and
warmth. This was— was—

 



“Rem,” Ram said quietly. Rem felt a hand on her shoulder: it was only then that she realized
the entire theater was staring at her.

 

Slowly, her tempest of emotion began to fade, replaced with a quieter sort of embarrassment
at her disheveled appearance. Her heartbeat slowed. Her breathing eased, if only slightly. Her
eyes were less frantic and more exhausted, as she took a fresh look at the cage that held one
of the two people in the world who loved her with all their hearts and souls.

 

“I—”

 

[“Laugh, Rem!” Subaru declared. “Today, I’m fanatical like an oni—!”]

 

[Clang.]

 

The sound of steel on horn should have made Rem wince, thinking of what it may have felt
like to be subject to that blow. But instead, the noise startled her as mere noise, exacerbating
her panic and despair while doing nothing to shift her focus from the harm that she had done
to the boy standing before her eyes.

 

She took a deep breath, trying to rein herself in once again. “I…” she managed. “I…”

 

The hand on her shoulder was tightening.

 

Ram was trying to steady her breathing. Ram did not regret losing her horn on that fateful
night. However, she did remember how much it had hurt. And to hear that clanging sound
reverberating through her own sister’s horn—!

 

It had been her own idea, so she couldn’t be angry with Subaru for following through with it.
But that didn’t stop her heart from pounding inside her chest, all the same.

 

[And then Subaru crashed into the ground with a yelp.]



 

The sound of steel striking horn had only registered to her as meaningless noise, but the
sound of Subaru crying out in pain was something Rem recognized well enough for it to stab
her with the pain of one-thousand needles. Her heartbeat skyrocketed once again, shooting
her blood pressure and despair through the roof until it shattered her heart and her soul all at
the same time.

 

This explosion came from within, but its impact was something easily visible without. All of
Rem’s storming emotions — rage, shame, horror, despair — all of them swirled together into
a tempest as they hit their apex with the force of a morningstar built to turn men into
mincemeat. Emotion turned into strength that surged  through her like a powerful flood,
nearly boiling her mana and her blood and her very soul inside of her veins—

 

“Rem!”

 

A number of shouts echoed through the room. Knights and mercenaries leapt to their feet to
stand before their Ladies, civilians leapt backwards in terror — but it was Ram’s cry that
echoed above the din, eyes fixated on an emerging, pearly-white horn that shone like a star.

 

Nobody had entirely seen it fit to argue that the Rem onscreen and the Rem before them now
were one and the same, but this final proof of self put any doubts six feet under. The same
soft hair, the same piercing eyes, the same perceptive nose, the same sleeping face — and
now the same horn was mirrored in them both, a final nail in the coffin.

 

What was about to happen next? How should they prepare? With tensions drawn taut like a
tripwire, everyone readied themselves for Rem’s next move, because whatever would happen
next would all depend on—!

 

—And then it left her all at the same time, her knees buckling from the stress as she
collapsed, kneeling on the floor of the theater. A sound somewhere between a croak, a sob,
and a wail left her throat, crackling against the theater walls in the sort of pitiful,
heartbreaking display that could only come from someone who had undergone something
that left only the crushed remains of their soul behind.

 

“Rem…?”



 

Subaru’s voice was trembling.

 

But it wasn’t because he was frightened of her: she knew enough to understand that by now.
No, he was frightened FOR her, he was worried FOR her, he felt hurt on her BEHALF — and
that knowledge just twisted the knife deeper into her chest.

 

“Why?” Rem sobbed, tears now streaming down her face in twin rivers. Her hands gripped
her biceps, her back hunched over as if she were in pain. She wasn’t shouting anymore: her
voice was oddly quiet. In the silence of the theater, however, everyone heard every word
regardless.

 

“Why did I do that?” she begged. “Why did…I do any of this? Please, just…just tell me…!”

 

“…Rem—” Subaru said softly, and Rem flinched backwards violently. Subaru’s eyes filled
with hurt, and that sight only made her spiral even further.

 

“Why do you love me?” she wept. “Why do you care about me so much? Why did I hate you
enough to kill you? Why did I love you enough to save you? It doesn’t make any sense…!”

 

“Rem—” Ram tried to say, reaching for her shoulder. Rem turned to her, eyes red and angry
and scared and hurt.

 

“Don’t,” she pleaded. “Don’t tell me that I’m wrong, I know I’m not!”

 

“…Perhaps not,” Ram allowed. She reached out a hand, but regretfully stopped when she
saw Rem flinching away. “But that is not all that defines my cute little sister.”

 

“Then what does?” Rem retorted. “If your cute little sister’s actions don’t define her, then
what does?!”

 



Ram hesitated — not because she wasn’t sure what the answer was, but because she didn’t
know how to say it in a way that Rem would understand. Rem is Rem, she wanted to say —
but how could she even begin to explain the weight of what that meant, to her confused and
frightened little sister who was begging for the kind of concrete answer that she could latch
onto with both hands?

 

Unfortunately, all Rem saw was the hesitation. A throaty wail left her chest in response. Ram
and Subaru both visibly cringed under the weight of that horrible sound.

 

“Who is that?” she demanded tearfully, pointing at the image of her collapsed self, whom
Subaru was carefully picking up with Ram’s careful guidance. “Who was that woman? Who
was the sister you cared about so much? Who was the girl you loved enough to jump off a
cliff for? Who was that monster who turned man and beast alike into mincemeat with a single
blow? What was she thinking? Why did she do all the things that she did? Why do you both
care about her so much?!”

 

Subaru stared at the woman who had always shone like a star behind his eyelids. Ram stared
at her little sister, whom she would always love with all her heart and soul. Neither of them
knew how to answer any of those questions — whether it be because they didn’t know the
answers, or because they knew them so well that they didn’t know where to begin explaining
themselves.

 

“Just tell me already!” Rem wailed. “Just tell me — who is Rem?!”

 

But before Ram or Subaru could succeed in soothing the anguished oni girl, a voice that had
been silent for quite a while decided to answer her call:

 

[REQUEST: WHO IS REM?]

 

[REQUEST: GRANTED.]

 

Rem’s eyes widened. The audience collectively sucked in a breath. And the meteor—



Chapter End Notes

Yeeaaah. Even on my blog, I don’t tell you everything. Sometimes I keep secrets. I
might tell you the general ideas for what to expect, but the details — including any
possible exceptions that might come up — are…

Well.

(Also — you have no idea how pissed I was that the reveal about the small detail that
Subaru was there polishing Rem’s morningstar every single day as she slept was given
to us AFTER the Torture chapter was already released. Oh my God. What is wrong with
these two.)



Chapter 15: To Be An Oni (Arc 2, Part 10)
Chapter Summary

Rem's request is answered, and the meteor plays on.

Chapter Notes

Remember when I said that I was going to struggle to fit Arc 2 into 13 chapters?

You are about to find out why.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

[“They’re twins,” a voice said, sounding remarkably sad.]

 

“Who…?” Rem trailed off, but she didn’t have to wait long before the meteor came to life.

 

[It was an old woman holding two newborn children, standing before an exhausted
woman at the end of a long labor. A woman who was — very much exposed —]

 

“JESUS CHRIST!” Subaru shrieked, immediately moving to cover his eyes.

 

Rachins made a similar sound as he loudly and violently recoiled away from the meteor with
a scarlet face. Tivey and Hetaro both screamed, their older sister frantically lunging to cover
their eyes. Felt and Crusch both made squawking sounds, hastily moving to turn away from
the sudden, extremely unexpected view onscreen. Otto shrieked loudly, he and Frederica both
moving to block Garfiel’s view even as he recoiled from the scene with a scream of his own.
Across the entire theater, pandemonium erupted. Even in his somber state, Ferris couldn’t
help but giggle slightly at the chaos that arose in response to a scene that, as a healer, he had
seen many times before.

 



Julius was one of the ones who were too confused to be mortified. “Where…” he asked, and
then he shook his head. “What are we looking at, right now?”

 

“Twins…” Anastasia echoed. “It sounds like we’re watching — the birth of Rem and Ram.”

 

Julius blinked. “…Huh??”

 

Wilhelm winced softly at the sight of — everything, subconsciously moving to close his legs.
He had thought so after his wife’s ordeal giving birth to Heinkel as well, but once again, he
was made very thankful that he had been born a man.

 

Ricardo exhaled slowly. Who is Rem? That had been the question. If the spirit in charge of
the meteor truly wished to answer that question…

 

Well. It made a certain sort of sense.

 

[In the room with the woman was an audience, staring with wide eyes at the scene
before them.]

 

“There are so many people there…!” Mimi gasped. Hetaro made a noise next to her, hands
braced across the back of her own hand to desperately cover his view. In a similar state to
their brother, Tivey shook his head violently.

 

Crusch silently crossed her legs, face turning pink at the thought of being so exposed in front
of so many people.

 

[“Twins,” the old woman next to the woman muttered. “They're twins, meaning
that…”]

 

“Well, of course,” Rom said. His voice was carefully blank. “Onis were known for their
terrifyingly strong bodies, strong minds, and incredible pools of mana, thousands of times



that of a human. —But they were also known for their frighteningly low birth rates that left
them on the verge of extinction. Every birth in the Clan would be a thing for the whole
village to celebrate.”

 

Especially, Rom remembered, because this had been the last Oni village of them all.

 

“The greatest of all the demihuman races,” Ram recalled. “Terrifying enough to be banished
into the mountains. A proud people, every new addition to their Clan deserved their full
attention.”

 

Especially, Ram remembered, because of who would be born that day — whether they knew
it yet or not.

 

[“To think that you'd get pregnant with twins on this opportunity….” an old man
sneered. “You've done something unbelievably foolish, Temae!”]

 

[“Eep…!” the exhausted woman squeaked, pale face stiffening.]

 

“That woman — Temae — was our mother,” Ram said. “The man next to her was our father,
Quark. The old woman was her midwife, Chika. —And the old man yelling at our mother so
foolishly was the chief of our tribe, Setanta.”

 

“Ah,” Rem said softly.

 

Her mother and her father — this was what they looked like, then? There was something
deeply, deeply bitter, about the realization that Rem couldn’t even recognize the faces of her
own parents.

 

…’Was,’ Ram had said? Had something happened to them?

 



[“Setanta-sama!” Quark shouted. “Temae… My wife has done nothing wrong! My
wife…”]

 

Hetaro frowned, his shock and embarrassment slowly fading into confusion. Something
was…wrong?

 

Hesitantly, Tivey peeked out from between his fingers.

 

["Be quiet, Quark!” Setanta snarled. “Do you even understand? Are you even aware of
just how many expectations we had in you and Temae... If you are, then keep your
mouth shut!"]

 

“Why is he so angry…?” Rem frowned.

 

["Chika!” Setanta barked. “Hand me the baby!"]

 

“Because there was a rule against twins, in our village,” Ram said tonelessly.

 

She remembered that rule well, though she didn’t remember it applying to her. —Though,
when she had learned that it did, and she had just forgotten…

 

Certain memories had begun to make a twisted kind of sense.

 

[“Chief,” Chika murmured. “These children are..."]

 

[“There are no exceptions to the law. No matter what anyone says, that's final."]

 

Because of their crushingly low numbers, and their living far from human habitation, the Oni
valued these laws and taboos meant to keep them safe above nearly everything else. Ram



remembered that, too.

 

“What’s…going on?” Emilia asked uneasily. She didn’t like the look on that man’s face.

 

["Se-Senta-sama…” Temae begged, still wet with blood from giving birth. “Please have
mercy…”]

 

[The one that Setanta was carrying was crying loudly, while the one that Chika was
holding had been born first. The former was set down beside the latter, still wailing.]

 

Subaru’s breath caught in his throat.

 

It was odd, seeing Rem as a baby, especially since she was actually a few months older than
him. But putting aside the unreality of the situation (both of the theater and of the scene being
demonstrated onscreen), for him to be able to see her in such an adorable little form…!

 

Beatrice giggled slightly at the look on her contractor’s face.

 

Rem looked at that puff of blue hair in Setanta’s arms and understood that — that was
herself.

 

—Rem had cried when she was born, and Ram had not. Rem wondered what that said, about
how she compared to her sister. Perhaps this was one reason why she had thought her sister
was so amazing.

 

—It was unnerving, for a baby to be born with that sort of look on her face. Ram should have
cried just as her sister did. For her to stay so silent… Old Man Rom couldn’t help feeling
uneasy about that.

 

[“One horn… They're cursed children after all. —The horns were divided, and the
twins were born lacking a horn.” Sentanta shook his head. “To think that I'd come



across cursed children in my generation..."]

 

“Cursed children…?” Mimi echoed, confused.

 

“Cursed children,” Crusch echoed with a frown. She didn’t like how that sounded.

 

Ferris curled in on himself. Was that the sort of language that had described him, when he
had been born with his ears and his tail?

 

[“Chief! Can't you…” Temae swallowed. “Can't you have some mercy?” she pleaded.
“To us, to this village, these are babies we've been waiting for!"]

 

[“Quit it!” Setanta retorted. “There will be no mercy! There are no exceptions to the
law, even if that means going into ruins as a result of protecting the law. Bending the
law is unforgivable."]

 

[Rem started to cry even louder than before.]

 

“Bending the law is unforgivable,” Subaru echoed, eyebrow raised. His face was still pink,
but the serious atmosphere had done its part in dulling his mortification.

 

Wilhelm huffed quietly with amusement: to someone like Subaru, that sentence probably
sounded ludicrous. —Though, it wasn’t like Wilhelm was the type to disagree.

 

Reinhard had no choice but to agree with the chief, no matter what the law he was following
was about to be. That was his role as the Sword Saint, after all.

 

“Can’t you make the crying stop…?” Hetaro hissed. He looked pained. “Why did you have to
make her…?”

 



Tivey had a foreboding suspicion that the crying of the baby was about to be the least of their
concerns.

 

[Setanta shook off her cries and picked up a sword that had been hanging from the
wall.]

 

“Huh…?” Rem wondered.

 

Ram pressed her lips together.

 

["Cursed children shall not live,” Setanta declared. “If they're going to live disgraceful
lives hornless, then the only way to show sympathy is cutting off that path right now
when they've just been born."]

 

The room exploded into cries of protest.

 

“WHAT?!” Subaru shrieked.

 

“They going to—?” Frederica gasped. “That’s barbaric. Surely not—!”

 

“What the— They’re gonna kill a baby?” Rachins demanded. “You’re gonna KILL a
BABY?!”

 

“Who goes out of their way to — what a ridiculous rule!” Felt spat. “And these stupid
people, following such a stupid—!”

 

“Eh???” Garfiel cried.

 

“What?!” Emilia demanded. “Surely— Surely that’s not—!”



 

Otto sputtered loudly, until he finally managed to pull together the proper words to describe
his reaction to that information. “—What the fuck?!”

 

“Wha— Are all Onis a bunch of psychopaths, then?!” Hetaro demanded. Tivey shook his
head in disbelief: perhaps that was right.

 

—Mimi shrugged, less affected than most others in the room. Her own mother had
abandoned her and her brothers as young children, after all: if it weren’t for Roshi’s
intervention, then that would have been just as much a death sentence. The world was simply
full of worthless adults, it seemed.

 

“That’s not— This couldn’t have been the norm!” Julius exclaimed desperately. “This…!”

 

But there were many different traditions through this world, weren’t there? Julius had read
many, many books about them. If he had a chance to get over the shock, maybe he would see
that this unpleasant reality was perhaps not that shocking after all.

 

“Wha…” Reinhard croaked out. “What?”

 

“What barbarity!” Crusch cried. “What— And you two were nearly—?!”

 

Ferris felt tears stinging his eyes. Cursed children who did not deserve to live. Whether they
were killed on the spot or locked in a dirty basement for the first nine years of their life, it
was all the same. And then there was sickness, and amnesia, and curses that kept a body alive
forever and ever…

 

What an awful world this was. He hated everything about this place.

 

Beatrice stared, and said nothing. What a surreal scenario.

 



Rom remembered that rule. He shook his head silently.

 

Anastasia folded her arms and watched. Mentally, she wrote this ridiculous lot off as a lost
cause: only fools would willingly waste the gift of life like this.

 

Wilhelm scowled. Ricardo averted his eyes. Such barbaric practices were scattered all over
the four countries, it seemed. Though, that didn’t make them any more tasteful to witness.

 

—In any case, both of them already knew that these two children would survive.

 

["M-My children…!”]

 

["Cover Temae's eyes and ears,” Setanta said, looking pained. “It'll scar her."]

 

“Don’t you dare,” Subaru snarled, shock giving way to both anger and fright. “Don’t you
dare, don’t you DARE—!”

 

[Quark obeyed, and nobody went against his will. All except the resisting mother were
in agreement.]

 

“Since we were born in the Oni Clan Village, this would be a death we could be proud of as
Onis,” Ram scoffed, watching as two long, white horns protruded from the chief’s forehead.
“That was what those foolish adults thought of twins.”

 

Subaru stared at the two of them in horror. “That’s…!”

 

[Rem gave her loudest cry of all, and Ram glanced her way.]

 

“That was the way of the Oni Clan,” Ram said. “It’s simply how it was.”



 

[“Forgive me,” Setanta muttered, readying himself. But, when he swung downwards—]

 

“Though, Ram didn’t have to accept that foolish excuse.”

 

[A gust of wind enveloped the gathering, strong enough to blow even the chief away
from the twins.]

 

Ricardo choked. Julius made a shocked sort of noise.

 

“That power—!” Wilhelm gasped, his eyes growing round.

 

["Was that…” Setanta breathed.]

 

Anastasia leaned forward, alert. An effect like that, as a newborn of all things…!

 

[Ram only had a singular horn — but it was a pure, beautiful, glowing horn unlike that
of any other oni in the village.]

 

Rom exhaled slowly. Most of those in the theater wouldn’t recognize what that meant, but —
he did. So that’s who you were, you little brat.

 

[So great was this horn that the entire village — chief, parents, midwife, and all the rest
— all knelt before the one who wielded such a mighty horn.]

 

“The peak of pride and strength, which the Clan valued above all else,” Ram muttered.
“Their precious Oni God. It was precious enough, to a Clan on the verge of extinction — that
they decided to spare our lives.”

 



That sounded utterly miserable, to Frederica. Perhaps it was simply because she was a maid,
but she really didn’t think that was the case this time around.

 

Ram had known that her own life was spared because of that since the day she could know
anything at all. She had assumed that her life had needed to be spared due to her being born
with a single horn. —In a way, that was true.

 

Why she had only been born with a single horn…well, she didn’t remember ever really
questioning it until Rem’s sleeping body was right before her eyes. And at that point it wasn’t
difficult to figure out the rest.

 

[Rem stopped crying, and reached out to her older twin. With her horn still blowing
bright and proud, Ram took her beloved sister’s hand in her own.]

 

And she didn’t need to wonder much at all, to know that she would have easily sacrificed
even her remaining horn for her beloved little sister. To be a two-horned Oni or a sister — it
wasn’t really a choice at all, as far as Ram was concerned.

 

Subaru relaxed, just slightly.

 

So that’s how close we had been, Rem thought, watching her sister respond to her wailing
with an open hand. From the moment we were born, that’s how…

 

[In their younger years, Rem and Ram both occupied the lowest rungs of the ladder
within their tribe. After all, they were still twins.]

 

[Their own parents acted distantly. Their fellow tribesman did not hide their disdain
towards them as “abominations.”]

 

Rem watched the miserable sight, her stomach twisting. The way she and her sister were both
being treated, as such young children…



 

She couldn’t help but think that this was the worst sort of childhood imaginable.

 

Frederica pressed her lips together. It was hard to hate these people, when she already knew
what fate awaited them. But that didn’t mean she had to approve of…this.

 

Subaru gritted his teeth, a flash of anger searing him from the inside out. How dare they…!

 

But nobody else was saying anything. And — it would be useless to shout curses at a screen,
when those recorded upon it couldn’t even hear his snarls.

 

“How crude,” Anastasia noted emotionlessly. —Though of course, Anastasia’s childhood had
been one without any parents, so she didn’t feel much aside from disappointment in the
knowledge that these people had failed in their station.

 

There was a reason, Ram thought, why she had never grown all that close with anyone in the
village.

 

Though, although she couldn’t remember it, there was almost certainly an exception for—

 

[If only they had not been born as twins — Rem understood the weight of that “what if”
from the very start.]

 

“It wasn’t your fault,” Ram said aloud. Rem blinked. “I wouldn’t have— If I’d had the
choice, I know that I would have chosen to have a little sister, from the very start.”

 

Rem knew that her sister wasn’t lying.

 

[The hostility continued — until Ram realized the true extent of her own abilities. And
like that, the attitudes of the tribesmen shifted.]



 

To only start caring for someone properly after realizing that they could do something for
you… Emilia scowled. She didn’t like that way of thinking, no.

 

Felt sneered. Worthless bunch. She had no love for people whose attitudes shifted on the edge
of a coin like that.

 

Crusch folded her arms. She felt oddly cold.

 

Anastasia didn’t think much of it. She didn’t have much of a frame of reference, when it
came to any other model of relationships.

 

Subaru huffed. His anger didn’t dissipate much, but — at least they were treating those two
better, now. Whatever their motives for it.

 

[Wonder child. Talent that exceeded even that of the greatest Oni in their history.
Combined with her forthright demeanor and how she never used this reverence for her
own benefit, and it seemed natural for their brethren to bow their heads before Ram,
even though she was not even ten years old. Cold and distant parents, kin who had
openly scorned them, the chief of the village — all of them bowed their heads.]

 

Ram remembered this. It didn’t make her feel much of anything. She had never cared much
for that status either way — or really, if she were being honest, she had rather resented it.

 

She had always considered it a blessing on a night full of curses, when that weapon had
swung out and—

 

[As Rem and Ram grew, their roles did as well. And Rem heard those same voices
raising the chorus higher and higher.]

 

[“Such incredible power…”]



 

[“A true prodigy.”]

 

[“If Ram-sama had two horns…”]

 

Ram clicked her tongue before anyone else could say a word.

 

“Ram didn’t even need the one,” she said scornfully, voice forceful like a typhoon. “Those
foolish adults. I would gladly take having my twin sister over having a second horn any day.”

 

She was looking at the present Rem, eyes fierce. Rem felt the weight of that gaze like that of
an incoming thunderstorm.

 

“I-I understand,” she said quietly, a little scared. “I…”

 

A little scared — but there was also something warm in her chest, because she knew that her
big sister meant every word.

 

[“Don’t worry,” her mother said. “One day, Rem-chan will show us that she, too, has
incredible power.”]

 

“Wait,” Otto muttered. “Ram-sama — and Rem-chan?”

 

[“That’s right,” her father agreed. “She’s that girl’s sister, after all.”]

 

Subaru shrank into himself even further, feeling the weight of those words as if they had been
aimed at himself.

 



“He’s that guy’s son, after all.” That painful memory echoed in his mind like a broken tape.

 

[I’ll never match my sister in Oni power, Rem thought to herself one night. But…]

 

[“Hey, Mom,” she said aloud. “I’ll make dinner tomorrow.”]

 

Subaru suddenly went still.

 

[“What are you going to make for dinner?” Ram asked later that night, while the two of
them sat on their shared bed.]

 

It wasn’t like the Rem of today wasn’t a lovely figure. And if he had to choose, he would
definitely pick the older Rem, the sight of whom invoked a much more mature plethora of
emotions and whose support he would always wish to lean upon, for as long as she would
have him.

 

[“Mm…” She thought for a moment. “Maybe a stirfry with barbaro rabbit meat and
nuts from the trees in the forest… And steamed tatoes!”]

 

But seeing that little face, all psyched up and determined to go and make dinner for her
family…!

 

“Baby Rem…!” he managed, eyes wide with wonder.

 

Beatrice sighed. Emilia put a hand to her mouth, giggling at the look on her knight’s face.

 

[“I’ll help you,” Ram offered.]

 

[Rem shook her head. “No, I’ll be fine by myself,” she insisted. “Just watch me.”]



 

—Across the theater, Rem tilted her head. So she had been the outgoing, hardworking sort of
person, had she?

 

…Did Rem consider herself particularly outgoing?

 

[Having collected all her nuts the next day, Rem continued through the woods with a
smile. “Now I just need a barbaro rabbit…!”]

 

[As Rem was preparing her trap for the rabbit, however, a rainstorm blew in from
above.]

 

[“Eh…?”]

 

Ram sucked in a breath. Up in the mountains, those storms could quickly become…!

 

Old Man Rom grimaced. He had only been there a few times, himself, but he remembered
that unforgiving climate well.

 

[Rem was breathing heavily, trying to race back home through the pouring rain with her tree
nuts. The rabbit had long been forgotten. She just had to get—]

 

[Then lightning struck a tree behind her — close enough to send her tumbling to the
ground.]

 

Subaru shrieked. “Rem!”

 

“Rem!” Ram cried, lurching forward.

 



[The tree had been set alight, and it was quickly losing stability. Knocked down as she
was, Rem didn’t have the time to run. She hurriedly tried to shield her face—]

 

[Only for a storm of razor-sharp winds to slice the entire tree to ash, allowing its
remains to tumble harmlessly down around her.]

 

Ram exhaled, slumping in her seat with overwhelming relief.

 

So, she had always been the type to care for her little sister, then. —Not that she had ever
doubted it, but it was still a fact for her to be proud of.

 

“Thank goodness,” Subaru sighed, already looking somewhat exhausted from just that single
scare.

 

[Ram stood there, breathing heavily — but with a relieved smile on her face.]

 

[“Onee-chan…!” Rem managed.]

 

Frederica couldn’t help but smile. She had never doubted that Ram had truly cared for Rem,
not even once — but that didn’t mean that it felt any colder, to see it spelt out so clearly
before her eyes.

 

—Otto hissed with soft sympathy. “Oh, no…!”

 

[Rem’s basket had been destroyed, and all her tree nuts had been scattered once again.]

 

[“I’m just glad you’re both alright,” Temae dismissed, when the two came home once
again.]

 



Alright — but without the rabbit, and without the tree nuts. Garfiel could feel that little girl’s
frustration at her failure as if it were his own.

 

[“Rem,” Quark said. “Don’t go into the forest alone again.”]

 

[“You don’t want to worry your sister,” Temae agreed.]

 

Subaru nearly choked. “THAT’s what they worried about?!” he demanded.

 

[“Yes, Mom,” Rem said quietly. “I’m sorry.”]

 

“Agreed,” Ram said sourly.

 

So — her lovely sister had been treated differently than her, then. …It made sense, in
retrospect, but she had assumed—

 

But of course, that would have been a foolish assumption on her part. She chided herself
gently for her miscalculation.

 

(It was no wonder she had never been all that close with her parents, if this attitude had been
the norm.)

 

[“Wait,” Ram interrupted, seeing the gloomy look on Rem’s face. “Don’t forget about
this. The steamed tatoes Rem made are really good. They have just the right amount of
salt…”]

 

“Of course they’re good,” Subaru insisted firmly. “They’re Rem’s.”

 

[“You’re right!” Quark agreed, sounding surprised. “They are good!”]



 

[Temae smiled. “I had no idea Rem could make something so delicious!”]

 

Subaru sputtered. “What’s THAT supposed to mean?!”

 

Rem’s frown deepened. So these two had been her…?

 

Hm.

 

[That night, Rem dreamed of the spilled nuts, somewhere deep in the woods. She
reached for them, but they had all been rendered burned and ruined and drowned by
the storm.]

 

All her hard work… The sight of it all cast away so cruelly by the world made Subaru want
to weep.

 

["That's enough, Rem,” her mother said. Rem startled slightly. “I’m just happy both of
you are all right."]

 

[“Yes,” her father agreed. “We're glad you're both alright."]

 

Subaru smiled hesitantly. It was short-lived.

 

[Rem began to smile, but then—]

 

["No,“ a different Oni declared. “It would have been better if only Ram-sama had been
safe."]

 



["That's right,” a second agreed.]

 

["You said it,” said a third.]

 

“—What?” Ram demanded, a note of anger entering her voice.

 

This was a nightmare. She knew that. But nightmares came from somewhere.

 

[One by one, faceless figure after faceless figure appeared in the moonlight, all glaring
down at Rem with pure contempt.]

 

Crusch shrank away from the meteor. It wasn’t even real, and she wasn’t even the target, but
she still couldn’t help it.

 

Anastasia looked back at them coldly. She had no need to humor such an attitude — and
neither did that little girl.

 

Even if none of them had ever said any of this aloud, the thought that any of those useless
adults might have ever made Ram’s precious sister feel this way—!

 

["Yes,“ Temae finally agreed. “If only that useless Rem-chan had died…"]

 

["… and only Ram-sama had lived,” Quark finished. “That would have been best."]

 

“Oh…” Frederica’s lip wobbled. “Oh, Rem…!”

 

But she didn’t know what to say. What could someone say, faced with something like that?

 



[Faced with such disgust, the little Rem onscreen ran away to cry.]

 

Subaru stared at the meteor, a look of pure devastation on his face. “Rem…”

 

Ram sneered. No wonder she hadn’t cared all that much when all of them had ended up dead.

 

[Rem sat down behind a shrine and cried. She sniffled, she whimpered, and she buried
her head in her arms.]

 

Subaru’s devastation only grew even worse. He couldn’t help but reach out a hand. “Rem…!”

 

[But someone else got there first.]

 

Ram blinked slowly as she recognized her own silhouette, standing above Rem and lowering
a single pale hand, glowing like a gift from Od Laguna. Rem watched her younger self stare
up at her big sister as if she were all of that and more.

 

[Rem blinked herself awake to see that Ram had taken her hand.]

 

["You were having a scary dream,” Ram whispered. “Weren't you?"]

 

Ram’s anger began to melt away.

 

[Rem’s lip wobbled. "Onee-chan…"]

 

["It's alright. I'm with you,” Ram reassured her gently. “So you don't have to worry
about anything."]

 



[Rem smiled back at her. "Right, Onee-chan.” With her sister’s love before her so warm
and comforting, her eyes began to flutter shut once again. “I love you."]

 

That was right.

 

Even if everyone else in the village had been foolish, Ram would have always been there for
her beloved little sister.

 

[Some time later, Rem blinked herself awake from a pleasant midday nap.]

 

Subaru’s breath caught in his throat. That little face, drowsy and adorable and yawning as she
stretched in the sun was just…!

 

“Useless contractor,” Beatrice sighed, watching him just barely hold back a flurry of coos and
squeals.

 

[A zabuton… Rem noticed sitting beneath her. Onee-chan must have done that.]

 

Ram smiled proudly. Frederica chuckled. Of course.

 

[Onee-chan—]

 

[Rem jumped to her feet, rushing off the veranda. How long did I sleep? The sun is still
high, so…!]

 

“Hm?” Ram blinked. “Rem?”

 

Rem tilted her head left. What was she so worried about? She didn’t know, either.



 

[ "Oh, Rem-chan!” her next-door neighbor called out. Rem stopped. “You're full of
energy today again."]

 

Subaru narrowed his eyes. What sort of attitude would Rem be facing…?

 

[“Ah…” Rem looked down and blushed.]

 

So she had been a shy sort of girl. Rem tilted her head to the right, assessing her own
personality. Would she describe herself as particularly shy?

 

She hadn’t been all that shy, when she had run into the forest determined to make her family
dinner. But perhaps that had been an unusual situation, in which she had only spoken with her
mother, father, and sister. In which she had been determined to change something about
herself, and do something different from the norm.

 

(She hadn’t been all that shy, when she had rushed into the woods in a frenzied attempt to
slaughter everything in sight.)

 

[The woman didn’t even notice. “It's warm today, so playing outside does sound like
fun,” she continued. “Children being lively makes me happy. —Oh yeah, is Ram-sama
not with you today? That's unusual."]

 

We spent a lot of time together, then, Rem surmised. Ram blinked slowly, coming to the same
conclusion. Though, once again, it wasn’t really a surprise.

 

[“Ram-sama is the Oni Clan's next chief,” the woman mused. “So if she isn't taken care
of..."]

 

—Subaru suddenly bared his teeth.

 



Beatrice startled. “Subaru?!”

 

["I, um… I… I'll go… to… Onee-chan… erm…” Rem forcefully interrupted the
conversation, bowing her head and running off. “I'm sorry."]

 

The look on baby Rem’s face — just what was this woman’s deal, invoking such a sad
expression in those adorable little eyes? He wanted to punch her lights out for it!

 

(Otto watched his friend’s bristling, snarling figure for a moment, and then he sighed in
resignation.)

 

Rem frowned. Partially it was at that difference in how she and her sister were titled, but also
—

 

Had she really been this meek?

 

["Rem-chan,“ the woman called after her kindly as she waved behind. “Make sure to
tell Ram-sama to return home before it gets daaaark!”]

 

[Rem’s eyes grew wet with tears.]

 

Subaru snarled more audibly, this time.

 

Ram scowled. So this was how those worthless adults had treated her beloved little sister.
How crude. It was even cruder, that they didn’t seem to have realized it. No wonder she had
never felt very close with any of those people.

 

—Anastasia tilted her head. Ready to cry, about something as small as that?

 



She hadn’t gotten the impression from the fully-grown woman, but…this child really was the
soft sort of character, wasn’t she?

 

[Ram was always surrounded by people, so when Rem made it to the plaza, she started
looking for a crowd.]

 

[But there were no crowds, and therefore there was no—!]

 

["—Rem?"]

 

[Rem turned around to see her beloved sister.]

 

“Thank goodness,” Frederica murmured. She didn’t want to see Rem…

 

["Rem, what happened?” Ram asked. “You look like you're going to cry."]

 

[Who was cruel to you? Rem knew that was what Ram was really asking.]

 

Subaru chuckled darkly. If anyone dared to harm Rem, he could only guess at the fire and
fury that would reign down upon them by Ram’s hand. And rightly so, as far as he was
concerned. In fact, a sizeable part of him hoped that Ram had taught these rotten adults a
lesson, making baby Rem cry like that!

 

But…he also knew that those adults hadn’t really meant to make her cry at all, this result the
outcome of ignorance rather than malice. And so, he did already understand that no good
would come of Ram going on a rampage, no matter how good it might feel in the moment.

 

[Rem shook her head frantically, and explained: "Because when I woke up, Onee-chan
wasn't there..."]

 



Ferris scowled. Pathetic.

 

Wilhelm glanced at Ferris, then at Lady Crusch, and found himself holding back a smile.

 

["Ah, I'm sorry,” Ram apologized, hugging her little sister in response. “You looked like
you were enjoying your sleep so much, so l'd feel bad for waking you up, Rem…”]

 

["I-It's my fault for falling asleep,” Rem sniffled. “But please don't leave me behind…”]

 

Garfiel frowned.

 

Frederica couldn’t imagine Ram ever leaving anyone behind. Especially not her beloved little
sister.

 

It was as obvious to her as the blue sky or the green grass surrounding the Miload Manor.
But…perhaps Rem had not been so certain about that fact.

 

["You're right,” Ram confirmed, patting her head. “I won't then. Next time I'll call
your name, Rem. But if you slept a little longer, I would've came back… They probably
would've been boring duties to Rem, anyway."]

 

[Right. Onee-chan often leaves me behind to do her daily routine. I just…forgot.]

 

It wasn’t all that unusual, for children to have daily duties. Though, Crusch thought that Ram
looked unusually young to have started making the rounds all on her own, didn’t she?

 

The Reincarnation of an Oni God — perhaps comparing a usual child to a child like that was
a fruitless endeavor.

 



[“How were… the… duties…?" Rem asked, still shivering.]

 

["It was as boring as always,” Ram sighed. “The Reincarnation of an Oni God, the
restoration of the race and all that… It's so stupid."]

 

—Stupid, was it? Crusch tilted her head, dutifully reassessing her assumptions.

 

Ram remembered that feeling, yes. It made her scowl all the harder.

 

["Is that so…?"]

 

["I understand that the adults are desperate and that they have expectations in me. I
know how outstanding I am. But we can't go back in time… Those adults don't
understand that."]

 

Subaru tilted his head, completely lost.

 

Rom sighed. He remembered Setanta well, even after all these years. He knew what Ram was
talking about. But it had all been worthless in the end.

 

Felt glanced at Rom’s knowing face, and then looked back at the meteor. She’d press him
about it later, perhaps.

 

[Rem did not understand much of what Ram was saying. Ram had wisdom that put
adults to shame, but Rem was very much still a child. Worthless… she scolded herself.
Worthless, pathetic — how useless I am, not understanding what Ram feels under her
constant troubles…]

 

“Eh??” Frederica asked, eyes widening with surprise.

 



Subaru felt as though his heart were being stabbed. He shook his head violently, wanting to
strangle that thought of hers right at its roots. “Rem,” he managed. “Rem, no—!”

 

Rem blinked slowly. So that was how she had…?

 

It was — difficult, to reconcile this little girl with the image of that bloodied monster
rampaging through the woods.

 

[And yet Onee-chan is so wonderful that she gives her unconditional love to — someone
like me.]

 

Ram stared, aghast. “…Obviously?” she replied, sounding confused, offended, and horribly
worried all at once. “Rem, how could you ever think…?”

 

But she couldn’t ask her, really. The Rem that sat next to her today didn’t remember this any
better than Ram.

 

["You don't have to hurry, Rem,” Ram declared. “Rem, you can walk at your own pace.
I'm an older sister, so I'll wait for you, Rem."]

 

["Y…Yes,” Rem agreed, sinking into her older sister’s loving embrace.]

 

Mimi watched the scene like a hawk. As an older sister herself, she was very much concerned
with whether Ram had managed to fulfill her role with at least one of her siblings. Verbally,
she appeared to at least have tried…

 

But what kind of older sister allowed her little siblings to feel like THAT?

 

[Rem was the only one in the village that Ram truly loved from the bottom of her heart.
My proudest treasure, Rem thought, hugging her sister back. —And my most suffocating
burden.]



 

“…Ah,” Rem said slowly. So — that was how she had thought about her older sister, then,
was it…?

 

She wasn’t sure she liked that very much.

 

[I am Ram’s other half — and she is something even more than that, to me.]

 

Ram…didn’t know what to think about that. She loved the thought of her beloved sister
being her other half, but the way Rem was thinking about her just now…

 

“Little siblings should be free to be themselves,” Mimi muttered. Hetaro and Tivey both
turned to look at her. “You two better not go and make Mimi the center of your worlds like
this, got it? Mimi is a third of your souls, and nothing more than that!”

 

One third for one sibling, one third for the second, and the last third would be all for
themselves. The first two were vital to being a triplet, but that last one was vital to being a
person at all.

 

As her two brothers hastily agreed, Ricardo stifled a chuckle. Only a third of their souls, eh?

 

But he wasn’t really a sibling to anyone, so he figured he couldn’t really get it.

 

[Ram suddenly turned to glare at the opposite side of the village.]

 

“Hm?” Wilhelm frowned, his eyes narrowing. To see such a suspicious look in the eyes of a
child…

 

["...Onee-chan?" Rem asked uneasily.]



 

[“Someone's entered the village,” Ram declared. “I'm gonna go check this out."]

 

[Rem swallowed. "W-We should get hel..."]

 

[“I won't be gone for long. Rem, you stay behind and…”]

 

[No! "I want to go! I'm going, too. Go with Onee-chan!” I’m always getting left
behind…!]

 

Ram winced. Hard.

 

Rem tilted her head. So that was what she had…?

 

But Ram would never leave her behind, not really. Rem had only been herself for a little
while, but the fact that Ram loved her with everything she had was evident from even just
that little bit of time.

 

["Stay by my side,” Ram sighed, taking her hand. “Alright?"]

 

Of course. Even as a young child, Ram knew that she never would have been able to dismiss
a plea from her beloved sister.

 

(And with the abilities she’d held back then, keeping her safe should have been…)

 

[They met the intruder before Rem could really start to worry about who it was.]

 

Felt’s eyes widened. “Rom?!” she demanded.



 

["—Stop right there, swine,” Ram ordered. “This is not a village you can just simply
enter without permission."]

 

“Ah,” Ram realized. “Yes. The two of us have met before, haven’t we?”

 

Old Man Rom glanced her way. “You forgot all about our little introduction?” he teased.
“How harsh.”

 

“It’s your own fault for not making a strong impression,” Ram retorted.

 

Rem paid them no mind, still completely entranced by the scene before them.

 

[“Oh, it's the little Onis of this village,” Rom said, looking rather relieved. “Back then
there weren't any children."]

 

["Bringing up outdated information and acting as if you know someone is a trite and
poor trick,” Ram huffed. “Rem, get back. I'm going to tear him apart."]

 

["You're quite the aggressive kid!” Rom replied, his eyes widening. “Isn't your Oni
blood showing a little too much?!”]

 

["I am the reincarnation of an Oni God and a famous prodigy. Not very memorable for
your last words, Giant."]

 

[“Are you really going to say those sharp words after knowing that I'm a Giant…?”]

 

“Bold,” Wilhelm chuckled. Of the Giant or the Oni God Reincarnation, he wasn’t sure.

 



—He had thought it before, but…Rom looked somewhat familiar, didn’t he? Had the two of
them ever met before?

 

[Oddly enough Ram and Rom both eased up following this interaction. Rem watched
worriedly, feeling rather left out.]

 

["So?” Ram pressed. “Why is a Giant, whose tribe is close to extinction, at a hidden Oni
village?"]

 

["Hey you, a leader in extinction came to see you guys, Onis, who are on the verge of
extinction. Show some respect."]

 

["Acting all high and mighty just because you're going to die first proves that old people
are problematic."]

 

Subaru snickered. The sound made Beatrice think about how that sentence might apply to
him, and the thought made her insides shrivel up.

 

["You sure are a charmless girl…” Rom sighed. “You should learn from your sister
behind you."]

 

[Rem immediately hid behind Ram as she was thrust into the spotlight. Rom looked
rather hurt by this.]

 

Rem crossed her arms. Shyness aside, that was rather impolite, wasn’t it?

 

“How brutish of you, Giant,” Ram quipped. “Scaring my cute little sister like that.”

 

[“You deserve to die one thousand times for frightening my cute little sister,” the Ram
onscreen agreed.]



 

Ah, Rom thought wryly. So that was what I had done.

 

["Spare me from having it happen one thousand times,” Rom sighed.]

 

Everyone in the room flinched.

 

Or, everyone except for Subaru himself, who somehow didn’t make the connection at all.

 

[“I came to see an old friend, Setanta. He should still be the chief. I haven't heard of
him dying, after all."]

 

["The chief..." Ram mused. "What do you need from the chief? If you get the chief
killed now, the role would be handed over to me and that would be troublesome, so I
would appreciate it if you didn't try that."]

 

[“The jokes kids have these days are thrilling…” Rom marveled. “Still, doesn't seem
like you're entirely lying.”]

 

“That’s your objection?” Garfiel snickered.

 

Otto shrugged. He couldn’t really blame Ram for not caring about Setanta, all things
considered. Really, he couldn’t blame her for not caring all that much about anyone in that
village who wasn’t Rem.

 

[“Fine,” Ram decided. “I will guide you to the chief's residence. Even if you say you
don't need me to, I will go with you anyway."]

 

["You're a cautious little Oni, aren't you. …It's not like l don't understand how you feel,
though."]



 

No, of course not. In fact, Rom was probably one of the ones in the world who would
understand it best of all.

 

["Rem,“ Ram said. “If you ever think this Giant is acting weird, let me know. I'll kill
him."]

 

[“You're gonna make me angry if you don't cut this out now!"]

 

[“A-Alright, got it. Let Onee-chan know, right?"]

 

["This girl too?! What kind of manners have you been taught to welcome guests like
this…”]

 

Emilia was suddenly reminded of how those two had acted towards Subaru, during his very
first loop at the Manor.

 

“You two really have always been like this,” she murmured. “Haven’t you…?”

 

["Chief, I brought a large old man who claims he's an acquaintance of yours,” Ram
announced as she entered the Chief’s residence, which was the same as all the other
houses in the village. “Is he really an acquaintance?"]

 

["There you go again..."]

 

[It turned out that the two really were acquaintances after all.]

 

The meteor blinked as if skipping past the next few moments, but Ram remembered this
conversation. Valga Cromwell, his name had been — before he had changed it to Rom.



 

She had remarked at the time that it was a crude name change. She did not think of that
decision much differently, in the present moment.

 

["Let's talk inside,” Setanta was saying. “—Ram, you stay.” Rem blinked. “Rem, you go
home before her."]

 

Anastasia folded her arms. The difference in perceived value was understandable, but the
man was being awfully clumsy with how much he was showing his hand.

 

And in any case, while it was perfectly natural to value two things that belonged to you in
different ways, for serving different purposes, Anastasia couldn’t approve of someone so
carelessly discarding one of those two things as if it didn’t belong to them at all.

 

Ram scowled. Attempting to force her to leave her little sister behind—!

 

[She’s going to carry a burden again… Rem gripped Ram’s sleeve, watching as Setanta
and Rom continued their conversation indifferently. And again…I won’t be able to help
her.]

 

Crusch frowned. That was what Rem had been worried about, was it?

 

Felt tilted her head. Rem was — awfully selfless, wasn’t she?

 

It wasn’t like it had been easy to spot, under all the blood and gore and the sound of chains.
But looking back at how she had raced into the forest, intent on wiping out every mabeast she
could find, all for the sake of...

 

Felt didn’t think the resemblance was as much of a stretch as it may have seemed at a glance,
really.

 



[Ram took Rem’s shaking hand in her own.]

 

[“With all due respect, Chief,” Ram declared. “I think a young person like myself will
only be a nuisance to a renewal of an old friendship. Besides, I promised to sprinkle the
village's fields after this."]

 

["…Hmph. Your true feelings?"]

 

["Rem would feel lonely, and I don't want to be shut in a room for old geezers."]

 

Wilhelm snorted loudly at that blunt answer. Crusch startled at the noise.

 

[Rom started cackling at the wide-eyed geezer. “You've lost, Setanta!” he crowed.
“Children have their own stubborn viewpoints. I'd feel sorry for making her tag along
on our old people tea drinking, too. Just let her go."]

 

[“Even the guest is saying these sort of things, so I'll be excusing myself. —Let's go,
Rem."]

 

["Eh... Ah... Alright, Onee-chan..."]

 

[As they walked away, Rem looked back out of curiosity — only to see Setanta glaring
back at her. Her eyes flew wide, and she hurried after her sister.]

 

Ram scowled.

 

Garfiel chewed his lip. Frederica was frowning too much to scold him for it. “What does he
want…?” she muttered.

 



The chief probably saw the younger sister as a barrier that would keep him from taking
proper advantage of the older, Anastasia surmised. An unimaginative, crude, and foolish sort
of attitude.

 

["Rem, it's fine now,” Ram said after a moment, drawing to a stop. “The two of them
entered the residence. Nobody is looking anymore."]

 

[“Ah…” Rem panted, trying to regain her breath.]

 

Ram had never been very close with the other Oni, in her memories. She hadn’t really
thought much about why that might be the case. But seeing this now, it would make sense if
the reason why she had so little affection for her own kind was that they had mistreated her
beloved little sister.

 

["I wonder why that guest came to this village,” Rem said.]

 

["Who knows? He's at least able to enter this village, so he's definitely a worthless
acquaintance of the chief. Which means that he probably has some very worthless
things to do."]

 

Rom chuckled sadly. That wasn’t really wrong, was it…?

 

Ah, Setanta. That old fool.

 

["Doesn't Onee-chan have a lot to do, too? Are you going to be busy?"]

 

[“If you think of it as the adults wanting to rely on me, I will be.” Ram sighed, folding
her arms. “It's going to be a pain."]

 

Crusch frowned, reassessing her early assumption once again. Reincarnation of an Oni God
— Ram was simply a child, regardless of the nature of her birth. She chided herself sternly



for forgetting such a thing.

 

She didn’t want to be like Setanta.

 

["Is there something I can do for Onee-chan?" Rem asked.]

 

["Rem…"]

 

["If it's something Onee-chan doesn't like, then I want to help. I might not be able to do
anything since it's me… But I want to be with you."]

 

Tivey broke into a smile. That was exactly the sentiment that befitted a younger sibling, after
all.

 

Frederica glanced at Garfiel and couldn’t help feeling sad. If little siblings really wanted
nothing more than to be with their older sisters, then…

 

Well. Nothing could be done about that, now.

 

[“It's alright,” Ram finally said, touching her forehead to her sister’s, eyes filled with
wonderment at her words. “Just having Rem care about me like that makes me 100
times stronger. I'm already this amazing, so with that, now I'm unstoppable."]

 

Subaru broke into a massive grin, one so great that he was positively beaming. On that, he
was certain he and Ram would always agree with one another.

 

["Onee-chan's amazing…” Rem marveled.]

 

["Yes, I am amazing,” Ram agreed. “I mean, I am Rem's Onee-chan."]



 

[It embarrassed Rem, that Ram felt that way — but it also made her so happy that it
seemed like her body was going to melt.]

 

Felt placed a hand over her heart, cooing obnoxiously, but Rem was too invested in the
meteor to pay her any attention.

 

The Royal Candidate frowned with disappointment. “Boo.”

 

["Now, let's go, Rem,” Ram declared. “I want to play with Rem all day today."]

 

["Alright,” Rem agreed hesitantly. “But Onee-chan, the field watering…”]

 

["Ah, that. —Yeah."]

 

[Rem immediately regretted bringing it up, but — there was no need. With a wave of
Ram’s hand, the wind siphoned up the water of the river on the other side of the village,
spreading the droplets all over the fields almost effortlessly.]

 

Wilhelm stared, aghast. Julius nearly choked.

 

“…Holy shit,” Rachins managed.

 

Frederica could scarcely believe what she had just witnessed. Had her coworker of ten years
really once been capable of…?

 

Reinhard tilted his head. He wasn’t all the amazed, but he could feign something similar.

 



Subaru didn’t have the context to understand why that was unusually amazing, but he happily
admired the sight of young Ram’s work nonetheless.

 

[“—Now my business is taken care of,” Ram declared. “Let's go, Rem."]

 

["Alright, Onee-chan." And Rem took her sister’s hand.]

 

All that power, all that work done in seconds — passed off as simple business. Anastasia
couldn’t help but be amazed.

 

All that astounding power, done with a flick of the wrist so that Ram could focus all her
attention on playing with her little sister. Ricardo smiled wide. That was the precious sort of
attitude that he couldn’t help but love.

 

[Onee-chan is more powerful than anyone else in the village can even dream, Rem
marveled. But she’ll always match my pace. It makes me so happy…but it also hurts so
badly, somehow.]

 

Ram frowned. “Of course I would do that,” she said, as if it were a given. “I’m an older
sister.”

 

At least she understood that much, Mimi thought grimly. Even if Mimi isn’t convinced that
Ram had managed to live up to that title.

 

Rem smiled. How fortunate she had been, to have had an older sister like that.

 

[Rem and Ram returned in the evening, carrying two baskets of tatoes and covered in
mud.]

 

[“Onee-chan, you look happy."]



 

[“Well, of course,” Ram smiled wide — a rare, childish sight. “It’s because we'll be able
to eat tons of Rem's steamed potatoes if we have this much. That's the best treat of all
for me."]

 

Several in the theater broke out into warm chuckles.

 

[The village would make anything Ram wanted if she wished for it, Rem knew. But all she
wants is my steamed tatoes.]

 

Garfiel grinned. As disastrous as the attempted stir-fry may have turned out, it seemed that
Rem’s efforts with the tatoes had been a rousing success.

 

[“Your seasoning is perfect,” Ram confirmed. “Rem is the only one who can make a
steamed potato that would make me happy."]

 

Subaru folded his arms, looking absurdly proud.

 

["Ehehe…” Rem giggled. “Then I'll try my best again today and steam them for Onee-
chan."]

 

["Yes, steam a lot. I'll be having seconds."]

 

Anastasia smiled. It was nice, that Ram had valued her little sister’s efforts properly. Felt
grinned, leaning backwards in her seat.

 

["—Went to the tato fields in the mountains again I see,” Setanta said later, he and Rom
having met the twins by the entrance.]

 



["Yes, as it is my only hobby,” Ram retorted. She had been rather blunt with their Chief
lately. “So, are you finished with your evil scheme?"]

 

“Evil scheme?” Rachins teased.

 

“He did try to kill two newborns,” Tivey muttered.

 

Rachins’ teasing smile faded as he recognized the value behind that point.

 

Ram huffed, but she didn’t bother to correct either of them.

 

["Can't you stop being tense with a kid?” Rom sighed and shook his head. “It's
shameful. Besides, your opinion isn't going to get you anywhere... It looks like she's not
convinced."]

 

["That's because she's still young. Should she start to have self-awareness and pride,
things will take care of themse..."]

 

Even now, Ram looked resentful of these two men having such a conversation about her right
in front of her eyes. —Rem, too, couldn’t help but scowl at Setanta for those words.

 

["You oughtn't treat her like a kid only when it's convenient,” Rom warned. “Plus, well,
in my eyes, it looks like this girl's nature has nothing to do with age and readiness. …
Anyway, my answer is final. I'm pretty worn-out."]

 

[Rem looked at him, and — more than exhaustion, more than any sort of spineless
weakness, she thought that she saw the emotion of treasuring someone in those eyes.]

 

Felt scowled, already knowing who it was the old man had been thinking of. “Shaddup, you.”

 



“Always so harsh, you little brat.”

 

[“…Maybe I should say you don't take the initiative anymore?"]

 

[It seemed that the chief didn’t see things the same way. Rem didn’t have the courage to
raise her voice.]

 

["You should say that I've gotten old,” Rom replied quietly, turning away to leave the
village. “You and I, it's the same deal for both of us."]

 

Wilhelm wondered what all that had been about. He probably would never know.

 

[“Always be close, sisters,” Rom murmured, passing Rem and Ram. “Don't forget
that."]

 

[And then Rem watched as he moved into the distance.]

 

“…Huh,” Rem said. Ram folded her arms.

 

Rom chuckled. He needn’t have bothered giving these two a warning like that, of all people.
Ah, he was yet another foolish old man himself, wasn’t he?

 

["He may be like that, but he was once a warrior that worried about being a brother…”
Setanta said. “Not a trace of his former self is left."]

 

[“Time changes people,” Ram said. “The change is unavoidable, for better or worse."]

 

[“...He got involved with people too much for such a long time. He pandered that much
to people he must've hated, so much that his anger faded overtime.” Setanta grimaced.



“A hopeless weakling. —There's not a chance I'll see his face again. I feel relieved."]

 

Rom’s smile faded. The reason for them never meeting again hadn’t been the sort of thing to
be relieved over.

 

Oh, Setanta, he lamented. You old fool.

 

[“Congrats on losing one of the few friends you have,” Ram declared. “I'd like to
celebrate by treating you with steamed potatoes. How about it?"]

 

[Rem startled at the sharp tone, and the invitation that clearly wasn’t even serious: they
both knew the chief would refuse.]

 

She really didn’t like the chief at all, did she?

 

Mimi felt her respect for Ram rise, just a little bit. At least she had been enough of an older
sister to despise the people who treated her little sibling so poorly.

 

[“Unfortunately, I'm not in the mood for it,” Setanta confirmed. “Perhaps another
time."]

 

["Miss one chance to eat Rem's steamed potatoes and you'll never come across one
again,” Ram said. “Go and regret having declined this invitation for an eternity. Let's
go, Rem."]

 

He would never get the chance to enjoy Rem’s steamed potatoes. Ram had no love lost for
that man, but the reasoning for that cold reality made her heart ache, just slightly.

 

[“Um, alright, yes.” Rem nodded, following her sister. “Chief, excuse me. —Is it really
fine…?"]



 

[“Rem is so nice,” Ram replied fondly. “It's fine. A stupid adult just had his stupid plan
belittled, that's all."]

 

“Plan?” Mimi whispered. Hetaro shrugged.

 

“They’re all dead now,” Tivey muttered. “So it doesn’t really matter what the plan was.”

 

["Onee-chan, are you fine with it?"]

 

[“Yeah. I'm relieved that the stupid plan ended with a stupid conversation. In that
respect, I'll have to thank that old Giant for making fun of the stupid adult."]

 

Old Man Rom smiled slightly. Ram glanced at him briefly, and then looked back at the
meteor. Don’t let it go to your head.

 

Wilhelm frowned. He…wasn’t quite sure what had just transpired, between the young Oni
God and the chief of the village.

 

["He said that person used to be scary…” Rem murmured. “He didn't seem like it at
all."]

 

[“Yeah,” Ram nodded. “The answer for the friction between humans and demihumans
was found through interaction. It was something like that, I suppose. In that case…"
She trailed off, looking deep in thought.]

 

The answer was found through interaction. Wilhelm couldn’t help but snort loudly at that
description. “Interaction” was certainly one way to describe that long and bloody war.

 



[Ram shook her head: she had begun to frighten Rem by not responding to her, getting
too lost in thought to hear her for the first time she called her name. “Don't worry,” she
said. “Nothing’s wrong. I was just thinking for a bit."]

 

[“Thinking? About what?"]

 

["About eating the steamed potatoes Rem made, of course." Her stomach growled
loudly enough to startle Rem, and Ram looked on with pride. "It's just like you hear it.
Let's get going. If we don't hurry, my stomach will break, and I'll die!”]

 

["A-Alright,” Rem nodded repeatedly. “Got it. Let's get going then, Onee-chan."]

 

Frederica chuckled. Ram may have been the pride of the Oni Clan, but it was as clear as day
that Rem was the pride of Ram.

 

It was nice, that Rem and Ram really had been so close. She had been worried, at one point…

 

But at least when it came to that, it seemed that Frederica had never had anything to worry
about.

 

["Rem. You learn from Ram, too. Work harder,” Temae said.]

 

Anastasia frowned. She was not the type to decry hard work, but it didn’t seem like “working
hard” would fix the gap in those sisters’ capacities.

 

["Rem, don't look so sad,” Quark said sternly. “Both Ram and Rem are my cute
daughters to me. I won't play favorites. ...It's just that Ram is a little special." Temae
smiled, lowering her eyebrows in a troubled way as she did nothing to refuse her
husband.]

 



Felt crossed her arms. Not playing favorites — and then saying something like that out loud.
Foolish.

 

It wasn’t like Rom didn’t understand the situation. But he wouldn’t expect a child as young
as Rem to be able to understand it without feeling as though it were her fault. He exhaled
slowly: what an unfortunate situation that was.

 

["Rem-chan, is Ram-sama doing well today?” one Oni said. “See, that girl needs to
grow up healthily. Because she is the future of the Oni Clan, after all."]

 

Crusch averted her eyes. She understood that one sister was more powerful, more capable,
and a very special case. But all children were the future of their people, were they not?

 

["Don't you forget about it, Rem,” another Oni said. “A cursed child like you lived this
long because Ram was blessed with the Oni God's blood that should've been gone.
Never, ever forget to be aware of that, and don't forget to understand it, either."]

 

Ricardo pressed his lips together. He agreed that Rem shouldn’t forget something like that,
but he had a feeling his reasoning for that was very different from what that Oni was trying to
say. “Be grateful,” and “Be careful,” were phrases that could be miles and miles apart — with
a whole host of variation within their borders as it was.

 

Ram sneered. What a stupid thing to say.

 

["Compared to Ram-sama, Rem-chan is hornless...but that girl is Ram-sama's sister,”
another said thoughtfully. “The 'Second Oni God' might not be just a dream after all."]

 

“Second Oni God…” Rom repeated. He sounded somewhat thoughtful.

 

Ram’s scowl deepened. The last thing she would have wanted was for her beloved sister to
have to shoulder that stupid thing.



 

["They do look like two peas in a pod,” yet another said. “I'm sure these two jewels will
make the future bright!"]

 

Frederica almost laughed at the irony of that statement. Almost: the truth was too painful for
any genuine mirth, after all.

 

[I’m average, Rem understood. I have no special talents. My mama supply is average. My
body is only capable of the things that any one-horned Oni would be expected to do. And
yet…I’m Ram’s little sister, so everyone has these expectations.]

 

First she had been a burden. Then she had been a potential second Oni God. Ridiculous, the
lot of it.

 

“Rem…” Ram shook her head. “Rem only needs to be herself,” she said aloud. “Rem
shouldn’t be worrying about the expectations of those foolish adults.”

 

["Don't let it get to you, Rem,” her younger self agreed. “You don't need to worry about
anything people say. I will— Onee-chan will always, always protect Rem. —It'll be
alright."]

 

[Rem felt like she was being torn apart by those words, but also felt so happy that it
melted her heart.]

 

Slowly, Emilia began to understand what it was that she was looking at.

 

Rem wasn’t jealous of me, Ram thought. She admired and adored me beyond anything else.

 

Her parents were not especially cruel to her, Frederica noted. They loved both their children.

 



And as they grew, the villagers did not spurn Rem — at least, Otto noted, not beyond what
they had done when she was a baby.

 

As Ram’s younger sister, Garfiel understood, those villagers had high hopes for her, too.

 

These were the little cuts that would perhaps one day add up to one-thousand, weren’t they?
Beatrice sighed inwardly. Humans and demihumans alike could be very foolish creatures.

 

[I keep trying to meet those expectations, Rem lamented. I keep trying to meet Ram in
something, to beat her at anything. But…]

 

Subaru slowly hunched in on himself. “He’s that guy’s son, after all.”

 

The memory brought up a number of complicated emotions. He tried to stuff all of them back
down again before they spilled.

 

[I’ll never be able to stand by Ram’s side, Rem knew. She’s better at everything. She’ll
always walk ahead in the light of the world, and I will always cower behind her. …If I just
give up, then I can accept the sufferings of daily life.]

 

Otto glanced at Subaru.

 

Otto was also the type destined to walk in darkness. People like Subaru and Lady Emilia
could walk in the light, but he would always need to support them from the shadows. Such
was the meaning of his existence. —In that sense, perhaps he and Rem really did have
something in common.

 

Worthless… Mimi snarled. Worthless, worthless older sister—!

 

“Don’t blame Ram for this, Onee-chan.”



 

Mimi stopped.

 

Hetaro was looking at her, a serious expression on his face. “It’s the older sibling’s
responsibility to care for the younger,” he agreed, before she could even open her mouth.
“But it’s up to the younger sibling to step out from behind the older one’s back, once they’re
ready for it. Ram is doing everything right.”

 

As both a younger and an older sibling himself, that was what Hetaro believed.

 

—Tivey tilted his head. This was one of the rare occasions where he didn’t really feel like he
could include himself in his older siblings’ conversation. It felt as odd as it always did, with
how exceedingly uncommon it was.

 

[One night, Rem woke up all alone.]

 

[“…Onee-chan?” Rem asked aloud, confused and scared. Seeing her sister missing from
their shared room, she left to go and look for her.]

 

["Maybe…” Rem mumbled worriedly. “…She went to the bathroom."]

 

[Ram wakes up earlier and goes to sleep later than me, she reflected. And if I wake up at
night to pee, she always wakes up, too… I’ve never seen her sleeping face. But — she
always sleeps close enough for me to find her by touch, and when she goes to the
bathroom, I always follow her even then…She’s never left me behind like this…!]

 

“Following her to the bathroom…?” Crusch frowned. That was a little overkill, wasn’t it?

 

Ferris averted his eyes from the meteor, cheeks pink. He thought he remembered attempting
to do something similar back when Crusch had first taken him in.

 



—Ram stiffened.

 

[—Rem smelled smoke.]

 

[“Huh?”]

 

Ram already knew what night this must be. If she weren’t next to her cute little sister, then…

 

Rom exhaled slowly, and then he braced himself.

 

[Too late, Rem realized that her home was on fire. Her eyes widened with terror, and
she screamed.]

 

“Rem—!” Subaru cried, his eyes flying wide. What was—?!

 

Ram remembered that night, of course. Perhaps she didn’t remember Rem, but she did
remember everything else about it.

 

The cultists had taken them all by surprise. They had crept in under the cover of night, using
all their skills in stealth to their advantage — and they had been tremendous skills, borne
from the reality of being a group utterly despised by everyone and everything else. She hasn’t
been able to detect them until they were right there, and by then it was likely already too late.

 

[She tried to open the door, but it was hot to the touch and burned her hand. Why am I
so stupid?! Rem cursed herself, wailing in pain.]

 

Ram was abruptly jolted out of her thoughts. Rem—?

 

“Stupid?!” Subaru shouted, eyes wide. “No, Rem, that’s—!”



 

Anastasia folded her arms. That sort of self pity was a waste of time, in a situation where she
had already wasted time by burning her hand against the doorknob.

 

[—But, if I have time to think about how stupid I am, I have to meet up with Onee-chan as
soon as—!]

 

[To Rem in her normal form, the door was an unbearably terrible obstacle. But her Oni
form kicked it down easily.]

 

The first half of the people had died within the first wave, Ram knew. Then only half of the
Clan capable of battle, and they had been hampered by a lifetime of peace and tranquility
leaving them without the experience necessary that would tell them what to do — and in their
hesitation, another half of the half that had been left behind were killed off in the second
assault.

 

“Holy shit!” Rachins gasped, looking at a hallway that appeared to dance with flames straight
out of Hell itself.

 

[Nobody was in the house. Rem was relieved at that much, but the entrance was already
bathed in especially strong flames. As such, she had no choice but to slam through the
burnt, fragile wall, collapsing in the grass outside.]

 

“Well done!” Wilhelm crowed. Perhaps he was not fond of Rem as an adult, but it was
difficult to place himself at odds with a frightened little girl. As such, the others found him
cheering her on regardless of his attitude towards her future self.

 

It hadn’t been until most of the village had been wiped away, Ram remembered, that the
flames had climbed high like the fires of Hell.

 

—Rem had slept through the majority of the attack, had she? That was ideal. She wanted her
beloved sister to have experienced as little of this aberration as possible.



 

[—Find Ram and meet up with her, Rem thought. Whether it’s a crisis or a regular day,
that’s always…!]

 

[But then, the terrible sight in front of her made her freeze.]

 

Frederica screamed, recoiling backwards from the ghastly images on the meteor.

 

“Big sis—!” Garfiel shouted.

 

But he was having a hard time tearing his eyes away from that horrific scene himself.

 

[Fire, Rem thought dimly. The buildings are on fire. The fields are on fire. Everything is
ash. But worst of all—]

 

“Od Laguna!” Crusch cried out.

 

“Fuck!” Felt spat, eyes wild.

 

“NO!” Emilia shrieked.

 

The fire was one thing, Frederica thought dimly, somewhere in the back of her wailing mind.
The fire was one thing, but the people—!

 

[The people of the village were so burnt that the only way to distinguish them from one
another was by the look of their extended horns. It was only thanks to Rem’s horrible
inferiority complex about her singular horn, which had led to her studying those of
others in great detail, that she could still tell who was who, whether she liked it or not.]

 



Ah, Subaru thought blankly, only now realizing the awful truth. So that’s what this is.

 

Ram’s parents had died in the first assault, she knew.

 

[Which meant that she could see her parents dead on top of one another as if to protect
each other, whether she liked it or not.]

 

It was a great sorrow, that little Rem had seen them in such an awful state.

 

Rachins made a noise. He didn’t know what sort of noise it was. He couldn’t tell. —After all,
his ears had started to ring loudly enough to block out everything else the moment he realized
what it was that he was looking at.

 

Otto croaked. He hadn’t liked those two. He really, really hadn’t. Useless at best and actively
harmful at worst, that was how he had seen them — and until this moment, he had thought
that he was looking forward to the moment when Rem and Ram would be free of them
forever.

 

But even if he hadn’t liked them, this was just…!

 

[In shock, Rem’s horn retreated into her head.]

 

“No…!” Julius hissed. “No, don’t— Run! You need to…!”

 

But while Julius was a knight, Rem had been just a little girl. And a little girl like that
couldn’t be expected to do much of anything upon seeing her family’s charred remains.

 

Ricardo glanced at Julius with worry. It wasn’t like he himself was heartless enough to not be
moved by the sight, but Ricardo was a mercenary who had seen things like this many times
before in his fights against cultists. And Julius was, at heart, a hopeless idealist.



 

Anastasia kept watching. She couldn’t really feel anything right now. She just knew that she
had to keep watching.

 

[Rem heard Setanta roar, and ran to find him. And when she did…]

 

“Yes!” Reinhard pleaded. “Yes, find him. He’ll protect…!”

 

“Great Od!” Crusch gasped. And understandably so.

 

After all, the sight before her was…!

 

Rom had seen his old friend fight before. He knew how dangerous an Oni at full power could
be — never mind the chief of a Clan. Still, the sight before him made his breath catch in his
throat.

 

It was said that a single two-horned Oni warrior was equal in strength to one thousand human
men, Wilhelm remembered. And with the sight before him now, he found himself believing
in that fact with all his heart and soul.

 

—Ram remembered how the chief had died. She had been nearby, after all. But before he had
died was more important to his memory, wasn’t it?

 

“Ram!” he had roared. “Break out of the siege! It’s fine as long as you alone stay alive!”

 

That hadn’t been because of any real affection towards Ram as a person. It had been because
of that foolish idea he had held, in which she was the dazzling future of his proud and
precious Oni Clan.

 



But of course, to Ram, to live alone would be no different than dying. That was what she had
believed with all her heart and soul.

 

[But dangerous as he was, enraged as he was, as great his power, his fury, his sword
maybe have been—]

 

[There was a sound like continuous tongue clicking, and then Setanta burst into flames
from the inside out.]

 

Emilia screamed, recoiling away from the meteor.

 

“Lady Emilia!” Garfiel cried. It was better to worry about the people he could help than about
those long dead, after all.

 

Ram grimaced, and then politely turned away to give the memory a bit of privacy. It was her
final act of respect — one of the only she had performed, throughout their entire relationship
together — towards the man who had been her former chief.

 

[Rem watched in horror as he screamed in pain as his eyes melted, his organs charred,
his flesh turned to goo and his bones blackened — and then his vocal chords were gone
and he could scream no more. And then, the collection of shadows that had been
attacking him threw their swords forward, piercing the chief’s body all at once.]

 

Felt stared, mute with horror at the grisly sight. There was nothing else she could do.

 

Otto felt like he might be about to throw up. Again.

 

Rom — watched. So this was how his old friend’s life had come to an end. One could call it a
literal blaze of glory, if they had a nasty sense of humor.

 

Ah, Setanta. You went out like a warrior.



 

It was the ending he would have wanted, really. That foolish old man.

 

Frederica rolled onto her side and heaved.

 

[So brutal was this death that Rem lost her will to fight — and then she was
surrounded.]

 

Wilhelm sucked in a sharp breath. Oh no…!

 

[There was not a single trace of goodwill from these shadows, and she began to smile the
type of smile that hid her despair for the good of everyone else. Not like it mattered, in
this case: the shadows did not respond in the slightest — not to her expression, or to the
pain behind it. They would never respond to such a thing.]

 

Subaru croaked. It was the first noise he had managed to make since the moment he had
finally understood what was going on.

 

Beatrice was the only one close enough — the only one un-hypnotized enough — to hear that
strangled sound. She turned to him sharply, with wide eyes, with the force of a slingshot.
“Subaru—!”

 

—To live alone would be no different than to die. That was what Ram had thought. But she
hadn’t thought that about her entire Clan, right?

 

["Onee-chan.”]

 

No. There had only been one person she had held so dear to her heart.

 



[Rem managed to say just that much out loud — and then the wind blew violently,
slicing all the witch cultists surrounding her to ribbons.]

 

Rem’s breath caught in her throat at the sight. Nee-sama…!

 

—All Rem had needed to do was call out for her, and her big sister had come running to her
side. Ram could take pride in that much.

 

[“Rem! Rem!” Ram’s voice called, and her older sister raced over to her side,
embracing her at once. “Are you hurt?! Anything at all?!"]

 

“Subaru,” Beatrice pleaded. “Subaru, please…!”

 

Subaru’s mind was blank. His throat was rendered mute. All he could do was stare at the
screen in horror, simultaneously seeing far too much and hardly anything at all.

 

Fire. So much fire. Fire, charred bodies, screaming faces — those curved blades, those black
hooded robes, those silent feet as they all surrounded you and prepared to stri— to bow—

 

—This was what had happened to Irlam, wasn’t it? Back in those loops when he had been too
late, Irlam had…

 

Petra. Mild. Muraosa. The old woman. The man with the bandana. Every single one of them,
they had all—

 

[I’m relieved, Rem thought. That is natural. But…]

 

[Why am I happy?]

 



“—What?” Rem asked. A note of disbelief entered her voice.

 

[I saw my parents, my race, my chief all… So, why am I…?]

 

Shock, perhaps? Ricardo mused. Though really, considering how that lot had treated her, he
wouldn’t be surprised if…

 

Mimi blinked slowly. Tivey averted his eyes. Hetaro pushed the thought away. He didn’t
really have the right to judge her for what she might have felt — not to her Clan, and not in
the face of this attack by the Witch Cult.

 

["O-Onee-chan...” Rem said aloud, her thoughts going white with shock. “I… I…"]

 

["Deep breaths, Rem. Deep breaths. One after another…” Ram was coaxing, caressing
her head as she looked back at the witch cultists advancing on them.]

 

Hetaro gasped at the sight. Tivey swore under his breath. Mimi was too distracted by the
scene in front of her to swat him for it.

 

Crusch swallowed. Felt and Anastasia braced themselves for the worst.

 

At the very least, the siblings would survive. What happened beyond that was…

 

["I won't let them lay a hand on Rem, no matter what,” Ram declared. Her horn began
to glow. “All of you here, suffer a swift death."]

 

[And Ram threw herself into action.]

 

“—Od Laguna,” Wilhelm gasped. If Setanta had been impressive, then Ram was— was—



 

Garfiel watched in awe as Ram leapt from body to body fatally gouging them each with her
nails as her Wind Magic swirled around her like a storm of razors. It wasn’t like the Ram of
today wasn’t someone he admired fiercely, who he saw as a superior in combat and in
everything else.

 

But this sight before him was just—!

 

Those who stepped in front of her were merely volunteers for suicide. That was what Ferris
saw. He scowled in disgust.

 

An overwhelmingly strong body, Julius noted, with the sort of amazement reserved for the
Divine. Magic usage that was so enormous that it seemed as if the world was in the palm of
her hand…!

 

Ricardo could only watch, too overwhelmed by awe and fear and everything else to think
anything in particular.

 

This was Ram’s true power as the Reincarnation of the Oni God, Beatrice knew. Likely why
Roswaal had sought her out in the first place. And with the sight before her right now being
what it was, it wasn’t like she could disagree with his assessment.

 

—But of course, Frederica already knew how all of this was going to end.

 

[Rem heard the clicking of a tongue again.]

 

Ram sucked in a breath, her eyes going wide. The target of that blast would be—!

 

“Re…” Subaru finally managed to croak out a single thing. “Rem…”

 



“NO—!” Frederica shrieked.

 

[“Onee…”]

 

[“REM!” Ram roared, and Rem was thrown out of harm’s way by a sister who had
dived in to save her.]

 

“Yes!” Ram hissed. Her old self had—

 

“NO—!” Garfiel roared. Having leapt in the way like that, Ram would be—!

 

And everyone was forced to watch as Ram was blown up by the same spell that had
murdered her chief.

 

["You people…” Ram snarled, her fatal injuries healing within an instant as her horn
took in all the mana in the atmosphere.]

 

[But then she was blown up once more — and the accumulation of pain and fatigue
could not be healed by a horn.]

 

“NO!” Garfiel screamed, eyes wild with a special kind of agony, the kind that could only be
tasted by seeing someone you loved with all your heart experiencing tortures that were only
nearly beyond one’s comprehension. “NO, NO, NO, NOOO—!”

 

["Little Oni sisters, off again, huh,” a voice whispered with a hoarse excitement.
“Actually, not exactly."]

 

His eyes had shifted to Rem, sitting helplessly nearby, frozen with horror and anguish. The
sight made Ram’s blood run cold.

 



Most of the theater was too focused on Ram’s predicament to pay much attention to her dear
sister. But Subaru noticed the same thing that Ram had, and his reaction was much the same.

 

“Rem…” he croaked. Tears of helpless anguish were beading in the corners of his eyes.
“Rem, please, just…!”

 

["…Onee-chan?"]

 

[“Ple-ease…” Ram choked, crawling over to hug her dear sister. “Rem, anything but
Rem…”]

 

Garfiel croaked.

 

Subaru began to shake his head from side to side in a violent, frantic sort of motion. He
didn’t even know what it was that he was protesting against. All he knew was that it had to
stop, please just make it stop—!

 

[Is Ram…begging? Rem wondered, dumbfounded. Why…?]

 

Isn’t it obvious? Frederica wanted to ask. She couldn’t do it. She was rooted to the spot. She
loves you.

 

["Such beautiful sisterly love,” that voice purred. “That makes it perfect. I was just
about to check if Oni siblings smelled different burnt."]

 

[Then the man attacked with steel, and Ram managed to get in front of Rem just in time
—!]

 

The pandemonium in the theater reached a crescendo.

 



“SHIT!” Rachins shouted.

 

“FUCK!” Felt snapped, eyes wild.

 

“No!” Mimi shrieked. She didn’t like that woman, but in the moment she couldn’t help but
cry out on her behalf. “No, no, NO—!”

 

“Onee-chan—!” Tivey cried, reaching for his own big sister.

 

Hetaro simply watched. So that was how it had happened, then.

 

Frederica stared, and stared, and stared, at an image that was at once oddly beautiful and so,
so terrible.

 

[Someone was laughing. Someone was screaming in pain. And a beautiful, noble, white,
precious horn — the embodiment of her Clan’s hope — spun into the sky.]

 

It was ridiculous to mourn things that had long since come to pass. He knew that. But
Ricardo watched that spinning little thing and felt as though he were watching an entire
world come to an end.

 

Such a powerful warrior. Such a wonderful gift. Such incredible potential. All of it had been
snuffed out in an instant. Wilhelm couldn’t help but feel a sort of despair as he realized the
weight of what had just been lost to the world.

 

Julius was shouting something. He wasn’t quite sure what. Some sort of protest, most likely.

 

—And just like that, something so beautiful  as to be considered divine had been stripped
away from the world. What a terrible loss that was.

 



Ferris buried his head in his arms and sobbed.

 

Crusch tried to comfort her knight. She wasn’t really sure what to do. What could she do?
This whole scene was so terrible that there didn’t seem to be anything she could possibly do
or say to make it better.

 

Anastasia had known that this was coming. Ram was hornless, after all. And for her to be
hornless, something must have happened. And what could be a better opportunity for such a
thing than an attack from the Witch Cult?

 

—There was one thing that made her hold back a laugh, however.

 

A ‘minor skirmish’ you called it, she thought with amusement. So you do have a sense of
humor, don’t you, Ram?

 

Rom watched as Setanta’s lost hope was dealt away with so coldly, and quietly mourned the
death of the man’s greatest wish.

 

Reinhard felt something very strange, looking at the image of a god-like young girl being so
swiftly and utterly stripped of her birthright. A tug on his heart, a widening of his mouth, his
eyes going round and fixating on that spiraling little horn… He wasn’t sure what it was. It
was something that ached in all the wrong ways, all the ways in which he didn’t think he was
supposed to feel an ache from the image before him.

 

It must have hurt terribly, right? That didn’t sound like the thing he was really thinking of,
but Reinhard clung to it nonetheless.

 

Garfiel could hear screaming. Who was screaming? Someone was screaming. Why? Why?
Why?

 

(He was on his feet. His throat hurt terribly. His eyes were wide and red and his insides all
felt raw and aching. None of these facts broke through the haze that had taken over his mind.)



 

“Ram…” Emilia whispered, staring in anguish at the painful-looking wound left behind on
her little head.

 

Otto covered his ears and squeezed his eyes shut. Perhaps that made him a coward, but that
was fine. He’d be a coward if it meant that it would make the crying stop—!

 

Beatrice watched the entire scene with a marked indifference. She didn’t know any of the
people who had died, after all, and she had known Ram to be hornless for as long as she had
known Ram as a person at all. Nothing in her own world had been lost.

 

—But her beloved contractor, on the other hand—

 

Subaru watched Ram’s horn break and thought he felt her pained howl striking deep within
his very own heart and soul.

 

[Her own life, the village engulfed in flames, and her sister screaming as she wiped the
tears of blood she had from the pain — Rem saw none of it. Heard none of it. She was
only staring at the horn.]

 

[“Aah…” she breathed.]

 

Ram stared at that old memory come to life, and suddenly it was all that she could see. She
heard nothing else, saw nothing else, perceived nothing else. All she could think, as she
watched that spiraling pendulum shape, was the very thing she had thought back then.

 

It finally—

 

[It finally broke off.]

 



So intense it was that Ram heard it as if it had been said aloud.

 

[And from that point forward, Rem remembered nothing else.]

 

—Rem was the only one staring at her own face.

 

What was that? she wanted to ask. What did you just…?

 

Nobody else seemed to have heard it, not through the noise of both the memory and the
audience’s screaming voices — and Rem wasn’t sure if she had heard it correctly at all.

 

[Rem opened her eyes to a ceiling that was unfamiliar to her, but familiar to those in the
theater.]

 

“Lord Roswaal found us after the village was destroyed,” Ram said. The members of the
theater turned to listen to her. “Then he brought us back to the manor with him.”

 

She only remembered him finding her, but — it made perfect sense, that he had found both
her and Rem.

 

["—Rem."]

 

[Rem’s anxious, searching fingers had found the hand of her sister.]

 

“Oh, thank goodness,” Frederica said aloud, unable to stop herself.

 

Ram turned to stare at her from across the room, eyes dancing with mirth. “You were
THERE.”



 

“I didn’t see all of THAT, Ram!”

 

["Yes, this is Onee-chan,” Ram said, a smile in her voice. “Jeez, you overslept quite a
bit, Rem."]

 

Garfiel’s breath hitched. Ram…!

 

[Ram was pale, with hoarse voice, and a haggard face, and a pitiful bandage wrapped
around her head. She looked exhausted and weak.]

 

Frederica felt a pang. All of that, and yet…

 

[And yet, she was looking at Rem with nothing but kindness.]

 

Crusch smiled weakly. The entirety of that event had been — hard to watch. But, at least in
the aftermath, Ram was able to smile in safety at her beloved little sister.

 

It didn’t make it worth it. Not really. But it soothed the burns that had been left behind.

 

["O-Onee-chan, what happ…?”]

 

[And then Rem remembered.]

 

Subaru swallowed. He remembered how he had felt, after…

 

[“Onee-chan, the village…” Rem croaked. “Everyone…in the village…Mom…Dad…"]



 

But Rem was stronger than he was. She always had been. So, she wouldn’t just… She
wouldn’t be enough of a worthless loser to just give up and lie limp on the…

 

[“—Oh,” Ram winced. “You remember. I wish you'd forgotten about it, since it's too
much to handle."]

 

And then, understandably, Rem began to wail. The sound was the sort that threatened to rip
apart Subaru’s very soul.

 

But at the same time—

 

["It's alright,” Ram murmured, rubbing her back. “Give anything and everything to
me. Your crying, your anger, I'll take it all. Onee-chan will be the outlet for the pain you
feel."]

 

“Your outlet…” Beatrice trailed off. She looked a little conflicted.

 

At the same time — Ram was there. Ram was there, so…

 

So Subaru could trust that Rem would be alright, couldn’t he?

 

[“Onee-chan…” Rem whispered. “Onee-chan… Onee-chan…Onee-chan…!”]

 

[And then she was sobbing into her dear sister’s arms.]

 

Emilia swallowed, and moved to silently wipe away her tears. She didn’t know if she had the
right to cry on the behalf of those two sisters, but she found herself shedding her tears
regardless. She hoped that the twins would forgive her for this indiscretion.



 

Garfiel felt anger — pure, unadulterated anger — boiling up from within his chest.

 

More than it being Ram, more than it being his love and her beloved sister, those were two
little girls whose home had been destroyed. And it hadn’t been destroyed in an earthquake, or
a flood, or a rockslide, or in any sort of disaster where nobody was really to blame. Instead, it
had been purposefully sought out by the worst kinds of people, and they had taken their fire
and their steel, and they had—

 

How dare they, he growled internally, baring his teeth as those shifting figures flitted against
the backs of his eyelids. How DARE they—!

 

["—Just when I was thinking about where you went…” a voice interrupted. “So you
were here after all."]

 

And just like that, Garfiel was shocked right out of his growing rage.

 

“—Big sis?!”

 

“Ah.” Frederica blinked. “This is when…”

 

["An emotional meeting between sisters is going on here,” Ram said grumpily. “I'd like
to ask for no insensitive interruptions from outsiders."]

 

So, she had met Ram, first. And bonded with her, it seemed, while Rem had continued to
sleep.

 

The two of them had gotten along very well even at the start. Frederica remembered that
much. But when it came to Rem…

 



["As long as it's in times of peace, I highly agree with your opinion,” young Frederica
answered smoothly. “However, the situation isn't like that right now… You should at
least know how your body is, too."]

 

Well. Frederica would learn how she and Rem had liked each other soon enough.

 

[“You don't know just how lonely Rem will be if I'm gone… This girl is my priority."]

 

[“Always have something to say…” Frederica sighed. “You sure are a sassy guest."]

 

[And then she finally introduced herself to Rem with a graceful bow — only to raise her
head and smile, exposing her sharp teeth.]

 

Crusch startled slightly, not having expected that. Felt’s eyebrows raised. Anastasia titled her
head, making note of the unusual trait.

 

[Those teeth are scary! Rem recoiled backwards, eyes widening. They’re so sharp and
imposing that they turn even her friendly smile into something ferocious…!]

 

In the present moment, Frederica’s warm smile faded.

 

Oh.

 

["My dearest apologies for startling you,” Frederica said awkwardly at Rem’s reaction.
“I was born with these fangs, and they became really sharp because of my growth
period..."]

 

Next to her, Garfiel noticed. His face grew conflicted. “Big sis…”

 



—Frederica shook her head. “It’s alright, Garfiel,” she murmured. “I…am aware of what I
look like.”

 

Garfiel’s frown only deepened.

 

[She has her own inferiority complex about her mouth…and I know how it feels to worry
about having a hopeless nature, and I still…?]

 

So — that was how Rem had thought of her. The thought stung more than it should have,
perhaps.

 

In his jar, Subaru winced at the painfully familiar fumble. Foot, meet mouth.

 

[But as Rem tried to figure out how to apologize, Frederica turned to Ram.]

 

[“Alright, Ram-sama,” Frederica said. “Your sister is awake now, so please return back
to your room. Next time I really will tie you to the bed since you've sneaked away so
many times like this."]

 

Mimi recoiled, not having expected such words out of such a gentle-looking person. “Eh??”

 

Frederica giggled. She remembered being annoyed by Ram’s initial insistence on never
staying in her room to rest. But she hadn’t been able to recall WHY…

 

Well. This explained that.

 

[“How uncivilized,” Ram scoffed, not seeming bothered in the least. “If the blood of
half-beasts makes you do that, how about you go lose some of it?"]

 



["I'd like you to kindly join me as a part of that suggestion."]

 

Garfiel barked out a laugh. “You two really got along right away, eh, big sis?”

 

Otto chuckled. You wouldn’t have thought those two would get along so well just by looking
at them, but they really did click with one another better than almost anyone else in the
manor.

 

["Even if you glare at me like that, I feel conflicted,” Frederica sighed. “You can't
control your power after having your horn broken, right? It's awfully unreasonable to
let you do what you want if you're like this."]

 

Wilhelm sucked in a breath, his weak smile slipping from his face once again. Oh no.

 

Of all the things that the young maid could have said—!

 

["—Horn,” Rem croaked.]

 

[She remembered.]

 

Felt braced herself. Every instinct in her body was screaming that this reaction wasn’t going
to be good.

 

“Maybe…” Crusch voiced hopefully. “Maybe she’ll take it alright?”

 

[And then Rem started to scream.]

 

That screaming sound was so horrible that Rachins immediately, almost instinctively raced to
cover his ears, squeezing his eyes shut. Mimi recoiled violently, alongside her younger



brothers. Even knowing there was no danger in sight, the sound prompted Ricardo to
instinctively move to shield those three as well as Lady Anastasia where they sat.

 

Julius wished he could cover his ears alongside Rachins. But Julius was a knight, and so he…

 

Ferris curled in on himself, shaking. It didn’t matter how much he tried to block out the
noise, because it was already rattling in his brain.

 

“Felix,” Wilhelm whispered urgently. “Felix, please, breathe…!”

 

(It was easier to focus on someone he might be able to help, after all.)

 

Emilia sucked in a breath, wide eyes filling with a secondhand anguish as she watched the
pained young girl cry her heart out. “Oh, Rem…”

 

Subaru couldn’t even do that much, so paralyzed by grief and despair at the sound of that
little girl’s wailing voice.

 

“Rem…” Ram trailed off, watching as her surprised and frightened younger self tried
desperately to calm her wailing sister, so desperately upset that her horn began to emerge.
Frederica winced, watching as her old self frantically tried to hold the young girl down.

 

—Rom‘s eyes were fixed on that glowing horn. Ah, he thought. That was right.

 

To the instincts of an Oni, pride was everything — and Ram’s horn had been the embodiment
of the pride of her Clan. To see it removed so cruelly…

 

It wasn’t just Rem who had been devastated by that sight. Her very blood as an Oni had
rebelled against it.

 



[And at the source of that blood was her horn — which the Ram onscreen proceeded to
bite down upon.]

 

Ram let out a very uncharacteristic shriek.

 

[Ah—?! With that added stimulation, Rem was shocked at least halfway back to her
senses. Onee— Onee-chan—]

 

[That electrifying feeling, that sweet feeling, brought about by her sister caressing the
organ that was the source of an Oni's strength with her tongue—]

 

"What the—?!" Old Man Rom shouted.

 

"Ram?!" Frederica squeaked loudly, blanching considerably at that description.

 

[And that was enough to make Rem break down completely, herself slumping
backwards onto the bed and curling onto her side as she passed out once more.]

 

"I…" Ram said, sounding very lost. "I…guess it worked??"

 

After a long moment of silence, Felt shrugged. "If it works it works," she decided.

 

And everyone else decided to just leave it at that.

 

[And shortly after that—]

 

[“Frederica,” Ram announced. “I am going to pass out, so I’ll leave the rest up to you.”]

 



Hetaro choked. “What?!”

 

[“Okay, understoo—” And then Frederica realized what she had just been told. “Wait,
pass out?!”]

 

[And then Ram did exactly that, leaving the confused and panicked young maid alone
with both of the young Onis unconscious on the bed.]

 

“Well done holding out that long,” Rom muttered. Felt frowned his way.

 

[“Seriously, what selfish guests!” Frederica cried aloud, voice rich with anger and
fright.]

 

A couple people chuckled. Rem did not.

 

After all, making everyone worry about her so much… She really had been a selfish girl.

 

[When Rem opened her eyes again, she remembered.]

 

[“Onee-chan’s…horn…” she croaked.]

 

Really, Anastasia thought with wide eyes. It looked like Rem had cared much, much more
about that loss than Ram ever did.

 

["—It's an honorable injuuuury. Or at least, that's what your sister keeps saying. So,
you don't need to feel responsible at all."]

 

Ricardo blinked slowly.



 

That was true, he supposed. But— those sorts of scars were typically badges of honor for
men, not for young ladies.

 

…Still. He hoped that young Ram had meant those words.

 

[“Sorry to say this,” Roswaal said. “But she lost her horn. An Oni without a horn is not
an Oni... That's your guys' unwritten rule, isn't iiiit?"]

 

Rom choked. “What are you—?!”

 

["Or is your sister special to the point of absurdity?” Roswaal pressed. “It may be true
that she had the appropriate qualities to be called the Reincarnation of an Oni God
before she lost her horn. Hooooowever, that's now just a dream that faded away like
heat haze... The current Ram is a mere no-horn."]

 

Wilhelm sputtered. “Picking a fight with an Oni?!” he demanded. “What kind of hairbrained
scheme—!”

 

["—!” Rem lurched upwards, finally enraged out of her stupor. “What could you
possibly know about Onee-chan!?" she demanded.]

 

The look of satisfaction on the Margrave’s face made Otto scowl. So, he had gotten exactly
what he wanted, then.

 

A rotten personality. That was the only thing you could call it.

 

[“You finally have a nice expreeeession,” Roswaal said, smiling. “Having a conversation
with a corpse is no fun. For better or worse, we've finally talked nooooow."]

 



[And with that, Roswaal introduced himself as the benefactor of the twins.]

 

Garfiel curled his lips. To have a man like that as your benefactor…

 

Of course, he himself had been in that position at one point. But that just made him hate it all
the more.

 

[Soon, Rem begged and pleaded with Roswaal and Frederica to let her see her sister.
And eventually, they agreed.]

 

[When the two of them led her to her sister’s room…]

 

Julius went still, recognizing the symbol that had been painted onto the door.

 

“Why…?”

 

[And then they entered, and Rem saw that her beloved older sister had indeed been
chained to the bed.]

 

Rachins shrieked at the sight. “Sweet fuck!” Felt gasped.

 

“What the Hell—?!” Garfiel demanded, adult frightened.

 

“Ram—!” Otto shouted, momentarily losing himself at the sight.

 

Emilia clasped both hands over her mouth, eyes wide.

 



Subaru lurched forwards in his cage. “RAM—!” he shrieked.

 

Ah, Julius understood. That was why.

 

[The reason why Ram had been chained to the bed wasn’t because she was struggling to
escape: no, her movement was more her writing in agony.]

 

Ram winced at the sight before her— No. She winced at the MEMORY of that sight.

 

Ram didn’t remember Rem standing there, a look of horror and dawning anguish on her face
as she realized what was going on. But she remembered the pain, the agony, the feeling like
any moment her body would collapse in on itself—

 

Mimi curled in on herself, eyes wide with horror. She didn’t really understand what was
happening, but…

 

Only a psychopath would be unmoved by a cry like that, Wilhelm believed. He was aware
that he was staring, but he couldn’t stop himself. What on Earth…?

 

[I’ve never seen Onee-chan like this before, Rem thought, feeling rather frightened. She’s
never looked this…!]

 

Frederica remembered this. It was as painful to watch now as it had been back then. —Even
more so, perhaps, because now she got to see her little sister’s terror and pain at the awful
sight.

 

Ferris shrank away, ears pressed against his head and pupils thin slits. The sound of her
screams felt as though it were scraping against the insides of his heart.

 

[Ram spoiled Rem, and so Rem had never before truly felt afraid of her sister. But now,
Ram was too out of it to even recognize her most precious twin.]



 

—Frightened.

 

It was good, that Rem had never felt afraid of her before. But the idea that now, even just for
a moment, Rem had felt—

 

That was the sort of revelation that stabbed at Ram with the pain of one thousand needles.

 

[“…l'm sure that she won't harm you if you get closer,” Frederica prodded.]

 

[Rem stayed where she was, still frightened. "Why…is she like this...?” she asked. “She was
calm when she woke up earlier…”]

 

["She continued to steel herself until Rem-sama came back to her senses,” Frederica
answered. “Meanwhile, she had many impulses that were like seizures, but she would
pull herself together through sheer force of will. She has a strong heart. But even
then…”]

 

Ram had managed to hold herself together for the sake of her little sister.

 

Old Man Rom could hardly imagine it. For any Oni, the loss of a horn would be a suffocating
burden. But for one of such immense power, who required such an immense amount of mana
to function…!

 

To someone like that — losing a horn would be akin to losing half of the organs they needed
to function, or perhaps even more than that.

 

[Indeed: where Ram’s horn should have been was a bandage, and that bandage was
now soaked through with blood. Her body, which required an enormous supply of mana
in order to function, had no horn to regulate mana flow. Mana accumulated in response



to Ram’s screams, but it had nowhere to go, and over time would accumulate into a
mana storm in the middle of—!]

 

["Fortunately, it's never gotten to the point of a mana storm occurring,” Frederica said.
“This is because she's held down by force just before that happens, scattering the
collected mana."]

 

Beatrice remembered this. She had been watching it closely, prepared to guard the Forbidden
Library from both the explosion and the filth that would follow. But her only job had been to
guard that Library, and so she hadn’t done anything to help.

 

["But that's…”]

 

["I know. There's no way it could be done so many times." Sooner or later, failure
would arrive — and from the looks of it, failure was going to arrive sooner rather than
later.]

 

Subaru made a noise.

 

Whether Ram was willing to acknowledge it or not — as far as he was concerned, Ram was
Subaru’s big sister. He respected her greatly, he loved her with all his heart, and even now he
found it difficult to imagine a world in which she was not reigning from somewhere at the
top.

 

But before his eyes was Ram, the woman he looked up to, the woman he listened to as a
superior and a level-headed confidant — and there she was, screaming in agony as her body
threatened to tear itself apart.

 

Subaru had seen many horrible things befall his loved ones, many different times, and every
single instance stabbed him deep within his soul. But for some reason, the scene that was set
before him now…!

 



“—You can stop gawking, now,” Ram snapped, feeling viscerally uncomfortable. “All of
you.”

 

["Rem-sama?!"]

 

[Rem had bolted out of the room.]

 

“…Ram—” Julius began to say.

 

“I don’t need your sympathy, or your pity, or anything else,” Ram said coldly, cutting him off.
“Ram is Ram, and she never stopped being herself. That’s all that matters.”

 

Reinhard tilted his head. He couldn’t help but feel a little envious. Of her manner of thinking,
that is.

 

["Look at what we have here, why are you in such a rush?” Roswaal smiled, looking up
to see Rem in the doorway of the room he had been waiting in. “Didn't you say that you
wanted to see your sister?"]

 

Otto’s face turned downwards in a snarl. He had expected this reaction, then.

 

He had already known that the Margrave could not be trusted, of course. But that smiling
face drove that fact home all the more.

 

[Rem hesitated for a moment — and then she remembered her sister’s look of anguish
and her hesitation was smashed to bits.]

 

["P-Plea…” Rem begged, too desperate to even talk properly. “Sa… Save… Onee-
chan."]

 



Garfiel sucked in a breath. Rem…!

 

It wasn’t that he didn’t want Ram to be saved. But he knew very, very well, what Rem might
be subjecting herself to by asking That Guy for his assistance.

 

[I have no way to know that this is the right choice, Rem knew. But, my instincts say…!]

 

Old Man Rom tilted his head. Instincts, huh?

 

["I took you guys out from the burning Oni village,” Roswaal reminded her, one eye
closed.]

 

[Rem stared at him.]

 

[“At that point, I've already saved your lives once,” he pressed. “You still have
something to ask of me on top of that? …If I do that, I would then have saved your
guys' lives not once, but twice. In that case, what can you do for me? What would you
have to offer?"]

 

Subaru had expected a response like that, but it made his breath hitch with barely-contained
rage nonetheless.

 

Frederica’s eyes widened at a response she never would have expected. Not from Lord
Roswaal, of all people. “What?”

 

Crusch choked. “WHAT?!”

 

A village razed to ash, a little girl in a condition like that — and this man wanted her destitute
sister to offer him something in return? She could only stare at the meteor in disbelief at the
audacity of that request.



 

“Wha—” Otto shook his head. He hadn’t thought that his respect for the Margrave could fall
even further — but the man always did manage to surprise him, didn’t he? “Even for you,
that’s…!”

 

(Otto was a merchant, but this sort of transaction had never really come naturally to him.
Such a fact seemed to have caused him nothing but trouble.

 

[Rem realized that this was a natural request. Most people would request a price, for
help like this. But I’ve never done anything but spend my days receiving gifts from Ram,
and so I didn’t think…!]

 

“So you’ll just leave Ram to—?!” Garfiel shook his head. “You bastard!” he snarled. “You—
You—!”

 

—Anastasia suddenly realized that this line of thinking reminded her of someone.

 

Understanding that it was reasonable to request a price in exchange for their assistance, but
not even questioning the idea of ulterior motives until it was spelled out before them. Gift-
giving as second nature. Gift-receiving as something of a given, when someone else was in
trouble.

 

…Perhaps it wasn’t that far-fetched after all, that Subaru had grown fond of Rem.

 

["What I. Can give…” Rem said slowly.]

 

["Go on."]

 

“Nee-sama…?” Rem whispered.

 



Ram stared at the meteor, silent.

 

Ram had known Lord Roswaal for ten years, and she had fallen deeply, truly in love with
him. But she didn’t know how he had treated her dear sister. She didn’t know what that
wretched Tome may have bewitched him into doing to Rem.

 

—Agonizing as it was, Ram would have to come to her own conclusions.

 

["What I can give…is only myself,” Rem finally answered, desperate beyond words.
“I'll do…anything. I'll do anything you say. So, please. Save... Onee-chan.” Rem got to
her knees, begging with her forehead rubbing against the floor, tears dripping from her
terrified eyes. “—Please. Please. Plea…se…"]

 

Felt understood the logic of the Margrave, she was pretty sure: it was ridiculous to give in
exchange for nothing, and smart to make sure you received something of equal or greater
value in return. Even if that girl was driven to tears because of it, that was simply the way of
the world.

 

No. What made her wary was the fact that, by the satisfied look on that man’s face, he had
just received the very thing he had been after from the start.

 

“Just help her…” Emilia gritted out, staring at the clown’s face with frustration. “Just say
you’ll help her already, won’t you? What are you waiting for?!”

 

[“—Those are the words I wanted to hear,” Roswaal finally said. He pulled out a
handkerchief. "Offering yourself for your sister's sake. Truly beautiful. That's my type
of answer."]

 

Subaru’s snarl deepened. Beautiful, huh? His type of answer, was it? How could anyone look
at someone offering themselves as a sacrifice for their loved one’s sake and feel anything but
heartbroken?

 



He would never understand that man. He never wanted to be the type of person who would
understand someone like that.

 

[Roswaal had picked Rem up, winking at her slightly as he walked. She held her
breath.]

 

["Well, let's go,” Roswaal said. “You seeee, I am used to becoming the benefactor of
someone's life. I'll work something out somehow right away. After that, let's talk about
you guys."]

 

["About…us…?"]

 

["You said that you'd do anything, didn't you? Then that means you are mine. And if
that's the case, then it's natural to talk about how you'll be treated. —Is it not?"]

 

“Hey…” Hetaro bared his teeth. “Hey, hey, hey…!”

 

Slavery was illegal in Lugunica. If the Margrave had dared to try and find a way around that
rule—!

 

“Hetaro.”

 

Hetaro stopped, and glanced up to catch Ricardo’s meaningful look.

 

“Was that really what the Margrave meant?” he muttered. “Or did he meant that the twins
would be his in the same way that you, your siblings, myself, Julius, and everything else that
Lady Anastasia has belongs to her?”

 

…Hetaro didn’t know, but the uncertainty did its part in calming him down. Tivey frowned
next to him, while Mimi tilted her head.



 

As for Anastasia, listening next to them all — she supposed that she would need to keep
watching in order to decide which one it was.

 

[He has no doubt that he’ll be able to save Ram… Rem’s eyes widened. —She had made the
right choice, hadn’t she?]

 

[Though, perhaps it had been a reckless deal to make.]

 

Reckless. Now that was a word that Rem had no problem applying to her adult self. For the
first time, she believed that she began to see the resemblance between those two
contradictory figures.

 

["For maid clothes that suit your physique… That's something that should only be
discussed with Clind, yeeeees."]

 

Frederica scowled. It was true that Clind was great with clothing, and would tailor a uniform
to match young Rem perfectly. But his personality…!

 

[For the first time, Rem saw Ram’s sleeping face.]

 

[In contrast with her gallant behavior…her face really is cute.]

 

…Gallant, huh?

 

Ram mused that choice of words. To Rem, Ram was…

 

To herself, Rem finished, Ram had been akin to a knight in shining armor. Was that right?

 



Frederica smiled at them both from across the theater. There was something rather lovely
about that, wasn’t there?

 

—Subaru tilted his head. It wasn’t like he didn’t admire and respect Ram a whole bunch. But
to him, Rem had always been the gallant one.

 

[Rem was elated when her sister woke up, as she should have been.]

 

[“Onee-chan's... body…” she said hesitantly. “It went through…a lot of trouble."]

 

[“…That seems to be true. It troubles me that it didn't listen even though it's my own
body,” Ram grimaced. “Though it was troublesome when it happened, what's gone is
gone, and that bothers me.”]

 

Ram really was taking it incredibly well. Anastasia couldn’t help but be impressed. Felt
seemed to be feeling rather similar.

 

Crusch — didn’t know what she would do, if she had lost something as precious as a horn
seemed to be to an Oni. She didn’t think she would be able to move on quite like this. …She
wasn’t sure if that inability should be a source of shame or pride.

 

[But then, she had to explain the deal she had made. Though, as it turned out—]

 

[“That man really is toying with us,” Ram said. Rem blinked. "Him taking advantage of
Rem's kindness and using me to make you his is proof that his heart is rotten to the
core. And on top of that, he has a twisted personality and he's a sadist…“ Ram watched,
eyes wide: Ram was rarely irritated like this. “Aah, damn it!"]

 

Ricardo blinked. “Huh?” he asked.

 

That reaction was…



 

Felt grinned, already getting the picture. “Oh?” she teased.

 

["Onee-chan, it's okay. I can... do my best. For Onee-chan's sake..."]

 

["You can't, Rem. That won't work. The two of us have already been set up by that
man."]

 

[Rem tilted her head, confused.]

 

[“Let me rephrase that,” Ram said. “The two of us have been set up by that man... by
Lord Roswaal."]

 

“Ah,” Anastasia laughed. “Little Ram made a deal with the Margrave too, did she?”

 

—Subaru gritted his teeth. That selfish bastard…!

 

He wouldn’t ever forgive Roswaal for putting either of them in a position like that.

 

["...l said it when I ran away from the village and was found by that man,” Ram
revealed. “‘Save Rem, I beg of you.’ And then that man asked me what I could do for
him. —Even when he said that he wouldn't force Rem to do anything…” She clicked
her tongue. “He set us up good."]

 

“What?” Crusch asked in disbelief. “He… A situation like that, and he so thoroughly took
advantage of…?”

 

What kind of person would do such a thing?

 



“—Huh,” Felt said. “That was somewhat smart, wasn’t it?”

 

Anastasia folded her arms. It was reasonable to expect a price, when giving something so
incredibly high in value. She couldn’t blame the Margrave for that. In fact, she would have to
scowl at him if he did anything else.

 

Otto curled his lip. That rotten Margrave, playing them both at once…!

 

“But what else could you expect from someone like that?” Garfiel hissed, eyes hard like flint.
“Rotten personality, through and through…!”

 

—Emilia smiled. “You two really do love each other very much,” she murmured. “Don’t
you?”

 

Whatever everything else — that, truly, was a wonderful thing.

 

Beatrice sighed. Roswaal always had loved his games, hadn’t he?

 

["Rem, why do you look so happy from listening to what I've said?"]

 

["What?"]

 

[Rem — hadn’t realized that she looked happy.]

 

Mimi blinked. “—Eh?”

 

“…Ah,” Hetaro muttered. Tivey grimaced. “I get it.”

 



["I was happy…” Rem finally decided. “That Onee-chan did the same as me. And,
um…”]

 

[“…Good point." Ram nodded. Her anger vanished, replaced with love. "I'm happy,
too. That Rem said such a thing for Onee-chan's sake." ]

 

[“Yes, me too…” Rem climbed into bed with her big sister, so that they could embrace
one another properly. “I’m happy, too…”]

 

Mimi scowled. The younger sister feeling that way was one thing, but the older sister should
be ashamed of herself. It was the job of older siblings to sacrifice themselves for their
younger siblings, after all — not the other way around!

 

Subaru smiled uneasily at that warm scene. It was good, that Rem and Ram had loved each
other so much.

 

But the idea of either of them needing to sacrifice themselves for the sake of the other was…

 

(Well. That was what Subaru was here for, right?)

 

[“—The four people,” Ram muttered.]

 

[“Onee-chan?"]

 

["The four people that attacked the village got away,” Ram muttered. “We must find
them."]

 

“Ah.” Rom chuckled darkly. “Of course, that would be your natural next step.”

 



Ram frowned. For any other Oni, perhaps that would have been the natural, expected
thought. But for Ram…

 

That howling voice, that shrieking voice, that desire to FIGHT, to CONQUER, to KILL. She
had no particular love for the people of her village, nor had she any particular grief to spare
for them once she understood that they were beyond saving. That boiling blood, that cry for
glory, that scream for vengeance and for blood — Ram had always despised all of it. An
when the moment came that she had finally been set free from that suffocating burden—

 

Ah, she had almost laughed. It was that easy, wasn’t it?

 

[Was it self preservation? No.]

 

["Retribution,” Ram declared. “We have to obtain it. We must wreak the grudge of our
kind. All of them will be found and killed. —Otherwise, the disgrace of the Oni Clan
won't be wiped out."]

 

—When Ram had lost her horn, she had also lost that awful voice that had been present
within her from the moment of her birth. It had been that easy, and from that moment she was
free.

 

But that also meant that she would have no particular reason to go after the men who had
destroyed her village. She had been set free from her blood, and thus free to do whatever she
liked. She knew that she had gone and murdered all four of those cultists regardless, but the
reasoning for it—

 

But.

 

["Find them..?"]

 

["To do that, let's use whatever's available to us. —We might as well even use Lord
Roswaal, who should be elated right now."]



 

Ram hadn’t been the only Oni left behind: Rem, too, was an Oni. And unlike Ram, Rem still
had her horn.

 

It was Rem who would require that vengeance. It was Rem who's blood would call for blood,
for a restoration of her race’s pride. It was Rem, who may be driven mad if that call was
never answered.

 

["Yes, got it…” Rem nodded. “I’ll do my best along with Onee-chan."]

 

[Ram is always right, she thought. And so she’s right now, from now on, and forever. So —
I can keep leaving everything up to her.]

 

Leaving everything up to her big sister, huh…?

 

Garfiel frowned. Really, he preferred the idea of his big sister relying on him, as opposed to
the other way around.

 

[The village is burned, my parents are dead, my race is gone, Rem thought, a couple days
later. And yet I don’t feel any deep sorrow at all — because Ram is still right here.]

 

[“…I’m sorry,” Rem said quietly.]

 

["It'll be alright, Rem,” Ram said, without questioning her — just like she always did.
“I will... Onee-chan will always be with you."]

 

“You had nothing to be sorry for,” Ram declared, now better understanding why her sister
had felt the need to apologize. “You didn’t owe those people anything.”

 



“Ah…” Rem smiled weakly. She wasn’t entirely sure if she agreed with that, but… “Thank
you, Nee-sama.”

 

["Onee-chan, are you really fine?” Rem asked worriedly.. “You can still rest..."]

 

["I'm fine,” Ram grimaced, having not yet even fully recovered. “Don't make me act
like a monster by letting Rem work alone. I want to be the one to suffer instead of Rem.
If that's not possible, then I want to suffer together."]

 

["Onee-chan..."]

 

[“I didn't say that you should have such tragic readiness!” Frederica exclaimed. “You're
making me look bad!"]

 

Hetaro giggled slightly, even when his siblings didn’t follow suit.

 

Emilia frowned. “You reeally could have just rested, Ram…” she said.

 

Ram scoffed at the very thought of it.

 

Subaru folded his arms, shooting her a pointed look. “And what was it that you lot have been
going on about with me?” he challenged.

 

Ram stared at him for a long moment. The rest of the theater stared at her.

 

“…Point taken,” she finally said.

 

Otto smiled wryly, knowing that it was the exact opposite point that Subaru had intended to
make. In a similar situation, Beatrice hid a satisfied grin.



 

["Onee-chan looks cute…” Rem said.]

 

["Yep,” Ram agreed. “I look good in anything, so that's a given. But Rem is cute, too. To
be honest, you're so cute that I'm just dying to stroke you."]

 

[—In contrast to her sister’s words, Rem couldn’t help but worry about how poor she
looked in her uniform when compared to Ram.]

 

Subaru spluttered. “You look lovely!” he retorted. “It fits you perfectly, Rem, and the long
length paired with the little bows gives you an adorable doll-like silhouette that is just
precious! How dare you go implying that you’re not as cute as your sister?!”

 

Anastasia blinked. Felt raised an eyebrow. Crusch stared at him. The rest of the theater was
silent, looking much the same way.

 

“…You really care a lot about clothing, don’t you, Subaru?” Emilia finally said. Subaru
turned pink.

 

Otto cringed. He hoped that none of them followed that line of thought.

 

(Next to him, Garfiel hid a snicker. Captain really was something, wasn’t he?.)

 

["About the employees working at the mansion, there's an awful lot of demihumans,”
Ram was asking Clind. “Or well, that's not quite it. I'm concerned about how there are
only demihumans. Why is it like this?"]

 

Anastasia nodded in approval, her own eyes narrowed in suspicion. That was a VERY
intelligent question for a girl to be asking, in a situation like this.

 



Ricardo crossed his arms. He hoped it wouldn’t be…like that, but he braced himself for the
worst.

 

["Is there something weird…” Rem was asking. “About having a lot of demihumans?"]

 

["Rem might not get it right away since there was only our race at the village,” Ram
said. “But, that's strange for the outside world. Besides, Lord Roswaal is a human,
right…?”]

 

“He does have a reputation,” Felt muttered. “—But, going off of your current attitude
towards him, I’m guessing that it ain’t all it’s said to be?”

 

It took Ram a moment to realize that Felt was addressing her.

 

“—No,” she finally said. There had been — some complications, perhaps — but nothing that
was the business of any other camp. “Lord Roswaal is a very generous man, who gives work,
shelter, and education to demihumans who have no other place to go. It is merely his own
good will.”

 

Felt nodded slowly. “Awfully rare, in this day and age,” she commented.

 

Next to them both, Rem blinked slowly.

 

Emilia frowned, feeling a pang. She knew that his motives towards herself had been anything
but altruistic. But at the same time…

 

It would have been nice, if Lord Roswaal had become her sponsor purely out of his own
goodwills.

 

["Right,” Ram mused, in response to a young Frederica explaining much the same.
“However, that doesn't seem to apply to Rem and I." Rem nodded fiercely.]



 

Garfiel huffed, rolling his eyes. He knew better than to get any of the other Camps involved,
but Ram really did see that clown through “rose-tinted glasses,” as Captain had put it.
Generosity, goodwill — it was all just his twisted plans, in which everyone he recruited was
one of his many, many pawns.

 

[“Perhaps he thought about how you two would rush out of the mansion if he didn't
create ties like that,” Frederica suggested. “Can you deny that? …Then that silence
proves the accuracy of Master's thoughts."]

 

Subaru folded his arms. He hated that Frederica was probably right about that. He didn’t want
to give that clown any credit, if he could help it.

 

[She probably hit the bullseye, Rem thought.]

 

[“If he doesn't make ties with reasons, you'll leave…” Frederica sighed. “That's what
makes him anxious."]

 

Otto frowned. He didn’t believe that. Not really.

 

—Or, perhaps he did. But he sincerely doubted that Roswaal’s motives for that had been
anywhere near altruistic.

 

["Whatever the case is, we have a goal,” Ram declared. “Whether we stay in the
mansion or not won't change that fact. We have strong determination to accomplish it.
And well... Until we accomplish it, I swear to ban steamed tatoes."]

 

Subaru barked out a laugh.

 

["O-Onee-chan…” Rem gasped. “No way, are you serious…?!"]

 



Ram tilted her head. That sounded comical on the outset, but if this was really for Rem’s sake
as she had suspected…

 

Well. It would be ridiculous for Ram to take any more of Rem’s lovely steamed potatoes until
she had successfully helped Rem achieve their race’s goal.

 

[“Anyway, I'm going to start guiding you,” Frederica said. “But I must first explain an
important rule."]

 

Emilia blinked. “A rule?” she echoed.

 

“A-Ah.” Frederica giggled, looking somewhat bashful. “I think I do remember something
like this…”

 

Ram had never followed it, of course. But, her heart wondered hopefully, perhaps Rem
had…?

 

["A rule..."]

 

[Like the one about twins, back at the village…?]

 

Frederica recoiled, her whimsical thought abruptly shattering to pieces. “Goodness, no!” she
exclaimed.

 

[Rem had lost count of how many times she had been told that it was only thanks to Ram,
that the two of her had not been killed at birth. It was engraved in her mind, now.]

 

Frederica stared, aghast. She felt very cold all of a sudden. “…Rem…” she managed.

 



Across the room, Ram placed a hand on her little sister’s shoulder.

 

["In this mansion, the leading servants are to be referred to as nii-sama and nee-sama,
me included,” Frederica declared. “As for myself, it would be Frederica nee-sama."]

 

Garfiel snorted. “Big Sis…!”

 

“That’s a little too obvious, isn’t it?!” Otto exclaimed.

 

[“…Huh?” Rem asked.]

 

Frederica smiled weakly: both mirth and embarrassment had been dulled significantly by the
horrifying comparison that had come a moment before.

 

[“Might you wait a second?” Frederica said defensively at Ram’s unamused look. “I am
not the one who suggested this. It's a tradition of this mansion...and it's also a rule for
those who become servants of the Mathers family..."]

 

“Is it really…?” Crusch trailed off.

 

“I doubt it, Lady Crusch,” Wilhelm laughed. “I am fairly certain that someone just wanted
some new little sisters.”

 

Garfiel crossed his arms, scoffing. Had she been attempting to replace him?

 

Well, too bad. Not even Ram would be able to replace his amazing self.

 

[“Understood,” Frederica sighed, when it became clear that the two of them would not
budge. “Shelving the tradition for now, let's move on to the next topic... Ahh, I was



hoping that they'd call me nee-sama too..."]

 

["Sounds like Frederica is just as sinful as Clind,” Ram said.]

 

["I may have given up on being called nee-sama, but at least say my name with a ‘-
san!"]

 

She never would. Frederica chuckled at the indignant, sulking attitude that she had once
carried about that fact: really, Ram’s effortlessly casual attitude was one that she had grown
to value in its own right.

 

["...Nee-sama,” Rem said aloud.]

 

[Ram looked back at Rem in surprise.]

 

Frederica blinked. “—That was because of me?” she asked aloud. Garfiel shrugged, equally
surprised.

 

Otto chuckled. “Your efforts ended with someone being called ‘Nee-sama,’ I guess. Even if it
wasn’t the person you hoped for…”

 

Frederica spluttered, but she couldn’t think of a good comeback. “—Oh, hush,” she finally
decided upon, and she hoped that settled the matter.

 

["Erm,” Rem said, her ears turning red. “I just wanted to try saying it."]

 

[Her surprise fading, Ram laughed slightly at Rem’s embarrassed reaction.]

 



That would eventually become her new moniker, Ram knew — because of both the meteor,
and because of Subaru’s own testimony.

 

She smiled sadly. It was Rem’s decision what to call her older sister, of course. …But really:
Ram thought that she much preferred “Onee-chan.”

 

["Do you feel any guilt in your chest?” Roswaal asked Rem one day, about a month into
their new arrangement. “Or is it perhaps pangs of your conscience? The Oni village
burned down, and your parents and kind were all killed. And yet, here you are starting
a new life... Is that weighing on your conscience?"]

 

“Wha—?!” Garfiel spluttered, eyes going wide with shock and rising anger. “What a thing to
say to—!”

 

[He hit the mark, Rem admitted to herself.]

 

Garfiel stopped. Otto tilted his head, waiting for the girl to continue that thought.

 

[I have a surprising aptitude for housework, manual labor, and service, Rem thought. It’s
been improving a lot, and…this is the first time I’ve felt like I’m actually good at
something. —But, I’m only here because…]

 

[So, does that mean I’m happy now thanks to the village being destroyed?]

 

Garfiel hissed softly. That…was a clusterfuck of a situation.

 

Frederica crossed her arms. It was an uncomfortable, to imagine that Rem’s happiness might
be due to something so terrible. But at the same time…

 

It was an understandable line of thought. With how that girl had been treated there, Rom
surmised, it only made sense that her life would improve once she was removed from the



situation.

 

Rachins stared, and then clicked his tongue and turned away.

 

Subaru averted his eyes uncomfortably. He couldn’t imagine being happy that such an awful
thing had happened. —But this was Rem who was thinking such a thing, so…

 

“Psycho,” Mimi muttered. Hetaro huffed.

 

—Tivey frowned. “I’m not sure…”

 

Ricardo ruffled their heads. It was an ugly thing to hear and would be a hard pill to swallow,
but he wasn’t surprised in the least. The triplets would understand with time, he was sure of
that much.

 

Otto folded his arms. Making the most of a bad situation was a skill. Lamenting being good
at something so important was completely ridiculous.

 

[“You see,” Roswaal said. “I believe that the environment is more important than
living."]

 

["…What?"]

 

["No matter what talent you're born with, suitable soil, sunlight, and water are needed
for that seed to grow,” he explained. “That's what an environment is, and that's what
the most important factor is for many things. If the environment changes you for the
better, then that would be something you should be happy about. No matter what, do
not curse the events. That would be a sin and a whole different matter."]

 

…With dawning horror, Otto realized that he had just agreed with the Margrave.



 

“Ah.” Anastasia blinked, and then she smiled. “That was…surprisingly wise.”

 

She hadn’t really expected that sort of wisdom from the Margrave, of all people. But then
again, she supposed that he had retained that title for a reason.

 

“That’s right,” Felt nodded. “No matter what happens, ya gotta keep living. And if ya find
happiness in the face of something bad, don’t curse the happiness for it. Stupid thing to do…”

 

Crusch thought that she agreed, really. No matter what happened, a person should find a way
to let their soul shine its brightest. And if a new environment helped it to glow, then why
should they go and grieve for it?

 

Beatrice, for one, was glad that the Forbidden Library had been burned to the ground. If it
was the same sort of situation for Rem and the burning of her village, then she would have to
say good riddance to that.

 

Reinhard tilted his head. A sin, was it?

 

Wilhelm averted his gaze. He didn’t think he could agree with that.

 

The White Whale had taken away his wife. Perhaps that had led to him meeting Lady Crusch,
and Natsuki Subaru, and placed him where he was now in the world. But he would never,
ever even dare to think that he was better off because Theresia was dead — and anyone who
suggested such a thing would meet him on the dueling grounds.

 

Julius — didn’t know what to think.

 

The death of his parents, his neighbors, his entire village in that flood had been a disaster, and
one he would mourn for the rest of his life. But it had also led to him meeting Joshua, now
his little brother, and to Reinhard, and to his knighthood, and eventually it had led him to



Lady Anastasia. He would never stop grieving that horrible loss, but he would forever be
thankful for the good fortune that came afterwards. Both of those things could be true,
couldn’t they?

 

Ferris wondered if he agreed or disagreed. He didn’t know. He decided that he didn’t care:
everything sucked and would always suck, and there was no good in the world because
nothing would ever get better. Wasn’t that right?

 

Emilia thought for a moment, and then smiled sadly. She could never begrudge someone their
happiness. It was as simple as that, really.

 

Ram exhaled softly. It was nice, to see that her sister and the love of her life had developed
such a supportive relationship. With the Tome in the picture, she had wondered…

 

But at his core, Roswaal was a very kind man. She scolded herself lightly for ever having
doubted such a thing.

 

—Rem had lost a village, a hometown. It had all been burned to the ground until only ash
remained. And that very tragedy had set her free, giving her a life when she may have had
nothing of the sort before. In a way, her happiness was thanks to the fact that she had been
forcibly removed from that unfair situation — and that her prior situation had been
eviscerated beyond repair.

 

Rem…didn’t know how to feel about that.

 

["The Witch Cult.”]

 

In his jar, Subaru flinched.

 

["Hmm."]

 



["They are the people who attacked the village,” Rem declared.]

 

[“…I guess Frederica and maybe Clind told you. They do spoil you, after all. I could've
sworn I told them specifically to not let you know about it."]

 

["It was neither Frederica-sama nor Clind-sama,” Rem denied. “I just heard about the
Witch Cult, and when I thought about the village again…"]

 

["You thought that they did it,” Roswaal finished with a sigh. “If that's the case, then I
was the one to make a slip of the tongue, not the two of them. You sure got me theeeere.
Today I am just a hopeless blabbermouth…”]

 

Otto huffed. He didn’t believe that for one second. For whatever reason, he had wanted that
girl to know who was responsible — and for whatever reason, he had only pretended to let it
slip.

 

[Rem gritted her teeth. "Witch Cult…”]

 

[Regret, anger, duty, her Oni blood, her oath with Ram — and most of all, the fact that
Ram had made a wish.]

 

Ram's heart twisted. After all, she was fairly certain that her wish had been for Rem's sake.
Can't you think of yourself a little more often?

 

[That was why—]

 

[“That's why, Rem,” Roswaal said. “If possible, I don't want you guys to live only for
revenge."]

 

["—Huh?”]



 

Wilhelm sputtered loudly. “What?” he demanded, sounding at once shocked and rather
offended.

 

["It is true that you should detest someone who burned your brethren unreasonably,”
Roswaal agreed sorrowfully. “But you see, you and Ram are still young, and you have a
future ahead of you. There's no need to insist on getting revenge, doing something that
would be like wearing away your body and soul. That's what I believe."]

 

Wilhelm stared at the meteor, utterly aghast. Reinhard averted his eyes from his grandfather,
lowering them to the floor of the theater.

 

Anastasia understood that this wasn’t a conversation she had any place in. Revenge served
her no purpose, so she had never cared for it either way. The ideas of finding joy or becoming
lost in the chase were equally alien to her.

 

[This revenge isn’t realistic, Rem understood. But it’s something Onee-chan wants, and
so, that’s more than enough to—]

 

["Roswaal-sama,” Rem said. “Thank you for your concern. I will think about it."]

 

Ricardo snorted. That meant she had no intention of listening to Roswaal. It was
understandable, if an amusing way to put it.

 

Wilhelm folded his arms, thinking of the White Whale. That revenge hadn’t seemed feasible,
either. But he had wanted it, for the sake of his late wife, and so he had managed it after
fourteen years.

 

["Well then,” Rem said. “Since I'm finished with the place I'm responsible for, let's go
finish the rest of Onee-chan's work."]

 



["…Thanks as always, Rem,” Ram said, sounding apologetic.]

 

Frederica tilted her head. There had been a time when Ram had felt embarrassed about…?

 

The very thought of it felt odd and alien.

 

[“It's no big deal. It's for Onee-chan, after all."]

 

Tivey and Hetaro glanced at each other with amusement. Mimi remained oblivious.

 

Wilhelm smiled, remembering his wife. Nothing would ever be a big deal, if done for the
people you cared about more than anything in the world.

 

["Still, it is surpriiising,” Roswaal teased. “Frederica was awful at first too, but I didn't
expect you to have such outstanding talent to be even worse."]

 

Frederica huffed. Garfiel snickered, and she cuffed him over the head.

 

["I produce outstanding results in everything,” Ram replied. “That's my karma."]

 

["She isn't lying,” Rem added. “No lies."]

 

Felt barked out a laugh. “That sure is one way of putting it!”

 

Subaru grinned over at Ram teasingly. Ram wasn’t looking at him. His smile faded.

 



[If this was the Onee-sama back at the village, she wouldn't need my help for anything,
Rem knew. Because she’s far above me in every aspect. —But now she’s standing close to
me, like this…]

 

That self-deprecating thought sapped the room of its mirth.

 

Ram pressed her lips together. “…I much prefer being by your side, Rem, than above you
like that.”

 

[Maybe I’ll get used to Ram not having a horn one day, Rem thought. Just like how I have
with her changing clothes and manner of speaking. —And if I do, how will that be any
different from losing my Oni pride?]

 

Ram’s frown deepened. That ridiculous “Oni pride” again, wasn’t it?

 

There were times it had to be adhered to, of course. After all, those cultists had needed to be
purged, if only for the sake of Rem and everyone else they may chase after once they had
burned their village down. But when it came to that blasted horn of hers, it seemed that such
pride only ever got in the way of her reaching any of the things she truly wanted.

 

Rem leaned over, butting her head against her sister’s shoulder. She believed that she knew
better than to give any time or effort to all those silly worries, as she was right now.

 

["—Rem?" Ram asked.]

 

[“…Ah.” Rem shook her head. "No, it is nothing,” she said. “I am fine."]

 

The entire theater went cold.

 

["Oh."]



 

Such formality… Wilhelm exhaled slowly, looking at the slight hurt on young Ram’s face.

 

“Ouch,” Ricardo winced. But — that was always where this was going to end up, wasn’t it?

 

Old Man Rom grimaced, looking at Ram’s back in the present moment. Even now, that girl’s
shoulders were hunching at that sudden shift.

 

[Even if Ram did, Rem didn’t even notice that her automatic reply to her older sister
had been so formal.]

 

Hetaro exhaled slowly. …He hoped that Tivey would never speak to him like that.

 

“…If either of you ever refer to Mimi like that,” Mimi warned, her voice cracking slightly.
“Mimi will bop you both on the head. Hard.”

 

“Yes, Onee-chan.”

 

“I know, Onee-chan.”

 

[Ram was going to leave Rem for a little while, joining Roswaal on a trip to Sanctuary.]

 

["I really am worried,” Roswaal elaborated. “One day, you guys will have to choose
your future. Whether you stay here, or leave is up to you."]

 

“—Ah.” Felt blinked. So, Frederica and Ram had been right, then. She had wondered…

 

But those two knew that clown better than she did, obviously.



 

[“—But you said that Onee-chan and I belong to Roswaal-sama."]

 

[“I meant that to solely be something like an expeeeedient. I can't force you. If you guys
really want to leave, then the door out the mansion is always there. And I won't
maliciously insist on ownership to try and bring you guys back as you leave on your
own. Even if it comes to that, you are free to do what you want.”]

 

Ricardo sighed. For all his eccentricities, that man was no slaver. Just a man trying his best to
help those two kids come into their own. That was a relief.

 

Emilia crossed her arms. She wasn’t really sure…

 

[“Buuuut,” Roswaal added. “No matter what future you choose, there’s no way you'll
live without being separated forever. And then when that time comes, if you guys drown
in suffering… Well, if a time comes where I could lend a hand, I'll personally save
youuuu."]

 

—Otto scowled. He didn’t trust that. He didn’t trust ANYTHING the Margrave had just said.

 

Most of all — would Roswaal REALLY have allowed those two to leave, if they had decided
to walk out that door?

 

[“…Stop beating around the bush,” Ram ordered. “What exactly are you trying to
say?"]

 

["To put it frankly, I'm worried about you guys. So, I want to help as much as possible
while I can. —Do you understand?"]

 

[They did. And so it was so.]

 



“—Ah,” Garfiel said.

 

He remembered this, he thought. Or at least, he knew that this would be the first time he met
Ram, and he knew that he remembered that day well.

 

First, he had seen a dignified, beautiful figure standing next to Roswaal, whom he had never
been fond of. Then, that beautiful figures had curtsied politely, and said—

 

“I’m Ram. As Lord Roswaal commands it, I’ll be reluctantly spending time with you.”

 

A bold, disrespectful voice that didn’t match her lovely features. Garfiel had no choice but to
stare in awe.

 

“Marry me,” he had declared.

 

“No way,” was the immediate response.

 

“…Anyways," he had said, just a few seconds later. “Please be my wife.”

 

“No way.”

 

And from that moment on, Garfiel had been in love. And Ram had come to the Sanctuary
around twice a month from that time onwards.

 

—So, Rem hadn’t been there that first day, he concluded, because he had wondered about that
sometimes.

 

…Did the two of us EVER meet, in Sanctuary?



 

Garfiel — was probably going to find out, wasn’t he?

 

["Listen, Rem. Don't cry at night, even though I won't be there."]

 

["Alright, I won't. Onee-chan, you be careful too..."]

 

["You make it sound like you're going off to war,” Roswaal teased, watching the endless
string of goodbyes. “This isn't a final farewell, is iiiit?"]

 

“You really are acting a certain way,” Felt said with disapproval. “It ain’t the end of the
world, you know? The clown was right about both of ya needing to stand on your own two
feet.”

 

Rem didn’t really disagree with that assessment.

 

“Rem will always be able to rely on her older sister, whenever she feels she needs it,” Ram
declared. “…But Ram would rather that Rem choose to rely on her older sister, rather than
feeling that she has no other options.”

 

Felt huffed. That response had resulted in a somewhat satisfied look spreading across her
face.

 

["Is that...a letter?" Ram asked.]

 

…Oh. Frederica’s mood dimmed significantly. That was right.

 

["Yes, it is,” Frederica said. “My brother is at Sanctuary. He's intrusive and noisy, so
you'll definitely come across him. Can you give it to him?"]



 

Garfiel exhaled slowly. He remembered those letters. On days when he had felt particularly
angry and hurt, he had often ripped them up.

 

["If he's intrusive and noisy, I might end up shutting him up by force,” Ram said. “If
you're alright with that, then I'll take it."]

 

["That's fine,” Frederica said. She sounded bitter and regretful. “It'll teach him a good
lesson."]

 

Garfiel chuckled, just a little bit. Otto glanced his way.

 

["Rem, I'll write a letter when we get there,” Ram declared.]

 

["Don't you know that you'll be back before she gets the letter?!”]

 

“Those two…” Anastasia sighed. Roswaal had most definitely been correct, in separating the
two of them for just a little while.

 

Crusch frowned. “That level of dependency really is concerning,” she said quietly. “Isn’t it?”

 

Ferris glanced at Crusch. He had been away from her before, back when he had first trained
to be a healer. He had stayed away from her side for much longer than just three days.

 

It had been for the best. But those first few days, in particular, had been very, very hard.

 

[“I was worried I’d collapse in devastation because of being separated from Onee-
chan,” Rem admitted, watching the dragon carriage recede into the distance. "Thank
goodness that didn't happen."]



 

From how those two had been acting, Felt had been a little worried for that herself.

 

[“It would be worrying if that happened when it's only going to be three days!”
Frederica exclaimed. “Garfiel and I have…”]

 

[And then she stopped.]

 

In the present moment, Frederica went still.

 

["…Frederica-sama,” Rem asked. “Have you always been separated from your little
brother?"]

 

Garfiel averted his eyes from the meteor.

 

["—The situation is complicated,” Frederica said. “I haven't seen him for quite a long
time. …If an opportunity ever comes up, Rem might end up going to Sanctuary with
Lord Roswaal too. If that happens, please get along well with Garfiel. He's about the
same age as you guys."]

 

“…We really were separated from each other for far too long,” Frederica whispered gently. “I
am very sorry, Garf.”

 

Garfiel huffed. “Not your fault,” he muttered. He wasn’t looking her in the face. “And in any
case, it is what it is.”

 

["—Frederica, we have no time to smile,” Clind interrupted, trying to jolt her out of her
painful memories. “We'll be thoroughly taking care of the mansion's duties while
Master is away from the mansion. It'd be nice if I got help from even a cat right now…
Yes, this has to be your time to shine as a cat half-beast. I really will be looking forward
to it. Anticipation."]



 

["So annoying!” Frederica retorted. “I'll be right there!”]

 

Otto chuckled. Frederica and Clind’s relationship was somewhat amusing, even back then. It
seemed that she had always been the one in charge of keeping that guy in line.

 

…He did care about her. For all his — eccentricities — Otto had never believed that Clind
had been lying about that.

 

[It’s a bit of a relief, Rem thought later. I do feel anxious and lonely without Onee-chan.
But thanks to Frederica-sama keeping me busy, I don’t feel hopelessly sad.]

 

Frederica chuckled a little, watching her old self throwing Rem into chore after chore. It was
certainly an effective way to keep her from worrying about her older sister.

 

Though, with the maturity that came with age, Frederica couldn’t help but wonder if merely
providing distraction after distraction had actually done anything to address the root of the
problem at all.

 

[It was only at night, when she returned to her bed all alone, that…]

 

“Rem…” Subaru trailed off, watching little Rem cry herself to sleep. He sounded horribly
pained.

 

“Oh,” Emilia exhaled. She believed she had felt somewhat similar, in the nights following
Puck’s initial disappearance. The thought of someone else feeling that hurt and loneliness
made her heart ache.

 

Frederica’s smile faded. …Had she really helped at all?

 



[But during those three days—]

 

[“Having no one at the mansion is out of the question,” Frederica said. “But still, for
you to be the one left alone.."]

 

["It'll be fine, Frederica-sama,” Rem assured her. “I've gotten somewhat used to the
mansion. I'll be able to take care of it while you're out."]

 

[Clind had left her some work to do, as it was: to take care of the basement warehouse.
He didn’t tell me much about what that entailed, but he said—]

 

[“Once you see it, you’ll know if it’s necessary or not.”]

 

Ram raised her eyebrows. Frederica tilted her head.

 

“That’s not ominous,” Garfiel scowled.

 

Otto’s eyes narrowed. What had Clind been thinking? …What had ROSWAAL really been
thinking?

 

[But, when Rem opened the basement warehouse door—]

 

[What is that stink?!]

 

Mimi frowned. “Stink?” she echoed. Was there maybe a huge mess that needed cleaning up
down there?

 

“A rite of passage for a maid, perhaps,” Tivey mused.



 

—Hetaro frowned. Rem’s reaction seemed a little much, if it were really just the stench of
generic filth.

 

[“Wh-What was that…” Rem had slammed the door closed immediately, but she
couldn’t stop herself from falling to her knees in shock. “Huh, what? Wha-What in the
world…?"]

 

Ram could already guess what was in the basement. This was in part due to the mention of
that stench, and in part because, somewhere in her shattered memories…

 

Ah, she thought. So this is how that happened.

 

[A shock way beyond comprehension! Rem thought, looking almost faint. A stink— it can
only be described as a stink; a cruel, hideous odor. It isn’t rot, or blood, or feces, or
stimulants… I can’t compare it to anything in the world.]

 

Mimi stared. “What on…?”

 

She turned to her brothers for answers, but Hetaro didn’t know, either. He shrugged,
completely lost. Tivey bit his lip.

 

Ricardo crossed his arms, bracing himself. Whatever could cause a stench on THAT level had
to be pretty disgusting.

 

["Where have I...come across this smell...?”]

 

“—Ah,” Rom muttered. “I get it.”

 

Felt frowned at him. But just as she opened her mouth, she realized it herself.



 

“…Why the Hell…?” she muttered.

 

[After a long moment, Rem slowly opened the basement door once again.]

 

“Oh no,” Anastasia grimaced, having also figured it out. Ricardo and Julius both glanced at
her, confused.

 

[The smell got stronger as she went further. Even if stop breathing from my nose, Rem
thought, disgusted. I can’t stop smelling it…!]

 

For a maid, there was little that would be as aggravating as that. For a girl who seemed
unusually predisposed to her role as a maid, Frederica wondered if continued exposure to
such a foul odor might drive her mad.

 

[It’s so dark. I can’t see… “The…lights…”]

 

[When she reached the bottom of the stairs and voiced that request, the lights of the
basement warehouse — mana crystals — turned on, making her jump.]

 

[So many unnecessary things… Rem noted. I get it. He was telling me to get rid of all this
stuff…]

 

“Is that it…?” Julius titled his head. Reinhard shrugged, fully willing to take the young girl’s
word for it.

 

Ferris, however, had a feeling that wasn’t quite right.

 

[The smell was coming from a closed door. But, more than it just being a door, what
caused Rem to stare in confusion was—]



 

“That symbol…” Garfiel frowned. And then he understood, and confusion turned into shock.
“What the—?!”

 

Felt stared, aghast. She didn’t say a word, because no words could possibly be used to
summarize her bewilderment. “Eh…?” she asked.

 

“…Huh,” Anastasia said. Her voice was mild.

 

Otto stared, bewildered. What was something like THAT doing in the Margrave’s basement?

 

…Why had the Margrave—?

 

[That’s the same seal spell that was on Onee-chan’s room, when she was having trouble
with her broken… And why is that smell so strong?]

 

“—Ah,” Rachins said. Now he got it.

 

[All of Rem’s instincts were going off. You shouldn't be here. You can't be here. Her
memories tried to resurface, and she forced them down.

 

Rom grimaced. It would be very, very wise for the little girl to leave that thing behind, but he
has the sinking feeling that she would do no such thing.

 

“—Oh no,” Julius muttered, having recognized the seal immediately and already realizing
what was going to happen next.

 

[I should — leave, Rem decided. For now.]

 



—Frederica remembered this, or something like this, but only just barely. She braced herself.
If she was right, this wasn’t going to be a pretty thing to watch.

 

[But before she could leave the basement, Rem heard the sound a clicking tongue.]

 

Crusch choked.

 

Hetaro squeaked. Mimi gasped. “No—!”

 

“Here?!” Tivey snarled. “Here, now?! How did he—?!”

 

Clind had mentioned that Rem — would decide what needed to be done, once she saw what
was in the basement. Frederica felt cold.

 

Had Clind — had he and Roswaal both —

 

It had been a setup, Otto understood. The world around him was erupting into noise, but he
remained quiet. This entire thing had been a setup, because the Margrave and his loyal
servant wanted Rem to…

 

What was it that he had wanted?

 

“What’s that thing doing in there?!” Ferris shouted angrily. “What’s— When— How—?!”

 

“Who put that thing there?” Ricardo demanded. “Is this some sort of sick joke?”

 

“They sent her down alone?” Rom said faintly. “Alone, without any warning, so that she
could confront—?”



 

[—Ah, Rem recognized. Her body had turned back around, immediately enveloped with
rage and disbelief, and she kicked down the sealed door with one swift move. That’s
where I recognized that scent from.]

 

“Fogg.”

 

Everyone suddenly quieted. Then, as one, they all turned to Ram.

 

“That was his name,” Ram answered simply. “Lord Roswaal captured him sometime after
rescuing — us — from our destroyed village.“

 

“…He did,” Wilhelm said slowly. “He did, did he?”

 

“Hmm…” Ricardo frowned. But — everyone knew the Margrave was eccentric, in how he
went about his duties, and he had still clung to his title for years.

 

Ricardo couldn’t say that he was fond of the idea of being the man’s ally, if that would result
in him being thrust into unfair situations like this without any warning at all. Regardless of if
everything ended up alright in the end.

 

—Ram wasn’t thinking of Roswaal. Ram was remembering a conversation she’d had with
Fogg’s mentor once, a long time ago, after the cultist was dead and gone, when his mentor
had come to attack the Miload Estate.

 

“You have fighting spirit, but I don't sense any strength. I came to burn the Reincarnation of
an Oni God, a real Oni... But I guess I was off.”

 

"You sure do enjoy stupid hobbies, Faust."

 



"—Fogg must be the one who couldn't keep his mouth shut. He was an awful apprentice."

 

Ram remembered agreeing with Faust on that. Her opinion of Fogg had been rather low: a
weakling, a liability, a worthless man among worthless men…

 

["Welcome, little girl,” the witch cultist — Fogg — laughed.]

 

“…I can’t remember what happened to him after that.”

 

[“Can you give a nice cry for me?"]

 

—Ram suddenly remembered something else.

 

She remembered what he had said about Fogg next, and a number of things clicked into
place:

 

"He's an arson apprentice,” Faust had declared. “It makes sense to kill people, destroy
things, and burn things. However, not everyone could do all that. If there isn't anyone to
teach it, then the skills won't spread. So, I take the initiative and do so. It's a practice that is a
hobby and it has benefits."

 

[And then the world exploded into flames.]

 

Pandemonium erupted within the walls of the theater.

 

["Does this mean I'm free, now that the magic circle is broken?"]

 

“Oh no,” Crusch gasped.



 

[“Oh, it's the great little girl,” that voice said. It was coming from — an extremely
skinny, unhealthy looking man, wearing who’s face had a vapid, ill-looking countenance
and who’s body — covered only by a pair of hemp trousers — was decorated with many
burns and lacerations. “I guess this is where I should say ‘I want to thank you’?"]

 

“Th-Thank you?!” Garfiel blustered, eyes wide with shock and anger. “Of all the ways to
thank someone—!”

 

“Shit!” Rachins spat, on his feet shouting. “Shit, shit, shit—!”

 

“Run!” Frederica yelled, even though she knew that it was no use. “Rem, please, get out of
—!”

 

“Rem!” Subaru cried out.

 

—Rem was looking at something else.

 

That man was so injured already, after all. He must have been down there for some time. And
he mustn’t have been kept very kindly, if that was how he…

 

Rem didn’t like this man. But separated from him by both her memory loss and a meteor, she
didn’t have the instinctual hatred for him that her past self had once carried with her. And
because of that, the feeling that dominated her senses was—

 

“Don’t pity the likes of him, lass,” Rom interrupted.

 

Rem startled.

 



“He chose the path he did,“ the old man said. His voice was quiet enough that only she could
hear him. “And then he reaped what he sowed. No point in grieving what he went and
decided upon all on his own.”

 

Otto studied the injuries on the man’s body. He had no sympathy to spare for a witch cultist,
of course, but he was curious about the nature of the man’s imprisonment. What exactly had
the Margrave been doing with this man behind everyone’s backs?

 

["Ah! Guess you got too close.” Fogg grinned. “I guess you wanna say ‘Ouch my ears, I
can't hear’?"]

 

[—Rem was having trouble thinking. Someone, someone is...something,
something...someone is saying something.]

 

Anastasia hissed. Oh, no…

 

That recklessness that had landed her in this situation in the first place was one thing, with
her kicking down the door like that. But if Rem couldn’t pull herself together enough to pick
herself up in time—

 

“Get up,” Felt spat. “Rem, get up, you idiot—!”

 

[I have to gather the thoughts blown away by the impact, Rem understood. Find a voice I
can speak with, and do my absolute best to break the stalemate and understand the
situation…]

 

Ram had to steel herself at the sight of her little sister having been attacked so brutally. She
knew that Rem was going to survive, after all: without Return By Death to take into account,
everything that would come next would be what really…

 

But still, she felt a deep rage rising from within her chest.



 

For this worthless, worthless man to dare lay a hand on her little sister’s head—!

 

[But a dark anger, a fire that had died down day by day at the mansion flared up into a
flame extreme enough to destroy the world, and Rem could no longer think clearly.]

 

Wait. Subaru paused, suddenly realizing something. If Rem was describing the miasma smell,
then does that mean she thinks I smell that horri—?

 

[“…Wow, so I guess that horn means you're an Oni survivor,” Fogg marveled, watching
as Rem transformed into her Oni form. “If that's the case, then did you come here for
your family's revenge? —No response. But you do want it, don’t you?”]

 

“Foolish creature,” Wilhelm snarled. “To taunt a person you wronged like that…!”

 

“And an Oni, of all things,” Rom muttered. “Foolish is right.”

 

[Rem lunged, aiming her fist straight for his guts—]

 

[“Alright, boom!"]

 

[And the air next to Rem’s face exploded.]

 

All prior concerns about his smell were abruptly punted aside. “Rem!"

 

“She survives,” Beatrice reminded him hurriedly. “Subaru, you know she—!”

 



But that didn’t stop him from gasping at the sight of her skin melting off her face. A croak
left his throat.

 

[“That's six now!” Fogg crowed. “If you can handle this, then this is where I should say
impressive, right?"]

 

“You…” Subaru bared his teeth, now on his feet as tears beaded at the corners of his eyes.
“You… You—!”

 

The rest of the theater now had practice in reigning in their horror and anger at memories
from the past that they could not control. For Subaru, however, this was the first time he had
really felt that particular blend of rage and helplessness.

 

Most averted their gazes, attempting to be considerate. Rem, however, couldn’t help but turn
to watch him with a complicated expression on her face.

 

[“As expected, Onis are tough even when they're brats,” Fogg marveled, watching as
Rem’s body stitched itself back together. “You were hit that much, and you still aren't
damaged?”]

 

“Oh no,” Anastasia muttered, bracing herself for what was to come.

 

It took another second for her to get it — but soon Mimi, too, sucked in a breath, clutching
her two brothers close.

 

[“I saw it at that mountain many times, but man you guys are literally monsters. Will
this be when I'm forced to torture you?"]

 

Just like with Subaru’s — situation, a faster rate of regeneration could make an adversary into
a beast in a fight. But just like with Subaru…

 



Ricardo swallowed.

 

Just like with Subaru, Rom thought grimly, that sort of power could also mean that the
wielder would be all the more vulnerable, if their opponent decided to take advantage of it.

 

[“No technique, no plan, no tricks,” Fogg mocked. “Are these the effects of somehow
making it by, using only the strength of some power? You guys are all just like kids who
swing their arms and legs around, so aren't you the same as beasts?"]

 

Ricardo’s snarl deepened. That particular insult happened to strike a nerve.

 

“Get up!” Mimi shrieked. “Get up, get up, get up—!”

 

“You’ve got this!” Hetaro cried. “You’ve got this, just—!”

 

Tivey gritted his teeth, silently pleading much the same as both his older siblings shouted for
him.

 

“You…” Julius croaked out hoarsely, eyes fixated on the cackling cultist intent on setting a
child ablaze again and again and again. “You— You monster…!”

 

Anastasia watched her Camp silently. However things went down, she already knew that
Rem was the one who would reign victorious.

 

“REM!” Subaru seemed to have completely forgotten that fact, eyes wild with terror and
anguish at the sight of Rem’s little body being brutalized in such a manner. “Rem,” he
wailed. “Rem— REM—!!!”

 

["You even cry like beasts, how dull. If you're going to cry, then do it in a cute way.
Entertain me by barking. You're a letdown, you know?"]



 

Even through her horror at the bloody scene before her eyes, Crusch managed to curl her lip.
What a foul personality. Though, he was a witch cultist, so perhaps that went without saying.

 

“Get away…” Wilhelm snarled. “Get AWAY from her—!”

 

Ferris wondered if his parents had described him as beastly, in the same manner that this
cultist spoke about Rem. They probably had.

 

“I’LL KILL YOU!” Subaru howled. “I’ll kill you— I’LL KILL YOOOOU—!”

 

[Again and again, Rem was blown up. Again and again, her body was inflicted with
burns and torn apart. Again and again, that foul, foul stench, moments before the air
exploded—!]

 

Rachins was going to throw up. Rachins was really going to throw up, wasn’t he? He could
feel the bile riding inside his throat. He tried to force it back down.

 

Felt’s eyes were dark. At least this man wouldn’t survive: that was her only source of
satisfaction, faced with a display like this.

 

She hoped that it would be Rem, who would deal the final blow. That might give the girl a bit
of peace.

 

Reinhard watched as Rem was blown up, stitched back together again. Blown up, stitched
back together again. He didn’t really know what he felt, in response to that. It was as if his
emotions had drawn themselves a blank.

 

—Rom glanced over at a black-haired boy on the other side of the room.

 



“DIE!” Subaru spat, eyes like burning flint. “DIE! DIE! DIE, DAMN IT—!”

 

[Rem was an Oni, but she wasn’t indestructible, and her blood was leaving her quickly.
I’m going to die, she thought. I’m going to get killed. In a place like this, in an
incomprehensible state, to this enemy—!]

 

“I can’t watch…!” Frederica moaned, moving to cover her eyes.

 

“Subaru,” Beatrice pleaded. But no matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t reach him through
the glass. “Subaru, please, she’ll be oh-kay, in fact—!”

 

Otto stared at the cultist’s face, and imagined all the painful, grisly, humiliating ways in
which he would have sought revenge had the man still been alive. As it was, he would have
to be content with spitting on his grave.

 

“Rem…!” Garfiel hissed, eyes pained. He knew that she survived, he knew that, but—

 

But just how much of this could one person TAKE?

 

“Oh no,” Emilia gasped, hands clasped to her mouth. “Oh no, oh no, oh no—!”

 

Ram gripped her sister’s hand tight. It’s alright, she told herself. It’s alright. Rem— she
survives this—

 

Subaru made a horrible, horrible sound, somewhere between a sob, a wail, and a screech of
pure rage.

 

[“You may do this much, but no one will come. Actually, you have no one. If that's the
case, then this is a golden opportunity. This is where I should kill the little Oni with a
slash and get the hell out of here, right?"]



 

—Rem’s eyes weren’t on the meteor, but on the boy crying so loudly at the horrible scene,
banging his fist against the walls of his cage as he screamed for it to stop.

 

How would you react, she wondered, in a cold sort of way, if I told you that this man in front
of us was actually my very best friend?

 

[When I finally become empty inside, Rem understood. That will be the end of my life and
my oath for retribution. If that happens—]

 

[Rem suddenly twitched. If that happens, Ram will surely start the retribution for—!]

 

Ram sucked in a breath. Rem, you—!

 

[“No, no…” Rem moaned.]

 

[She can't. No, she can't. She can't she can't she can't she can't no no no no no no no—
In her current state, with her current body, Ram won’t be able to—!]

 

In a situation like this, with an enemy like that, facing a fate as awful as— And all Rem could
think about was her precious older sibling.

 

Frederica wondered if Garfiel would feel similarly, if he were placed in such a situation. She
didn’t know if the thought warmed her heart or chilled her blood to ice.

 

—But of course Rem would think like that. To Tivey and Hetaro, both of whom found their
eyes turning to their outraged and panicking older sister shouting at the meteor, it seemed
only natural.

 



[If revenge is put into Ram's hands only, she will die in vain. And even if she knows it’s in
vain, there's no way she will ever give up.]

 

It was for you! Ram wanted to shout it to the skies beyond the theater walls, but she bit it
back. Rem, it was for— All of it was for you! IT WAS FOR—!

 

[Onee-chan won’t die. She can’t die. She can’t have revenge. She can’t accomplish it. —
Because of me.]

 

“—Because of you?” Crusch echoed. Wilhelm placed a hand on her shoulder, his eyes hard
as flint.

 

If Rem were to die here, Ram would never stop fighting for revenge. That much was true.
But instead of fighting for anything as lofty and foolish as "Oni pride," Ram would be
fighting to avenge—

 

[If Onee-chan goes to fight recklessly with how she is now, it will be my fault. Because I let
Onee-chan do everything. Rem gritted her teeth. …I will not let that happen!]

 

“Tha— That’s ridiculous,” Ram finally managed to say. “That’s— Live for yourself, won’t
you? You’re my cute little sister, isn’t that enough?!”

 

(Wilhelm remembered a red-haired woman who loved flowers, and the last day he ever saw
her smiling face. And he remembered a young man who had been given a task that everyone
knew he could not possibly perform, with a sleeping wife who hadn’t opened her eyes in
many, many years.)

 

["It's about time I put an end to this,” Fogg said, raising his palm towards her. “Little
Oni, don't you know that you're no fun when you don't cry?"]

 

Ram’s wits, which had been hanging on by the single thread of her sister sitting right before
her today, finally snapped. “NO—!”



 

[—I can smell where the explosions are, moments before they arrived, can’t I—?]

 

Rom steeled himself, daring to hope. He had noticed that odd skill of hers himself, with the
pattern becoming clearer and clearer as explosion after explosion battered the basement. And
now that Rem herself had finally figured it out—

 

“REM—!” Subaru wailed. He had never stopped wailing, really.

 

[“Die—!”]

 

[When the next one came, Rem dodged it.]

 

“Yes!” Garfiel shouted, punching the air.

 

“YES!” Ram shouted, leaping to her feet.

 

["Hold on hold on, let's not get carried away just because you dodged it by pure luck,
alright?"]

 

Ram finally broke into a grin. That hadn’t been luck. Her little sister was—

 

“You got this, Rem…!” she gritted, clenching her fist. “Push him right to the brink, you can
do it…!”

 

“KEEP GOING!” Subaru shouted, eyes wide with panic from where he was practically
pressed against the glass. “Keep going, keep going, DON’T—!”

 



[But again and again, Rem escaped. Again and again, Rem dodged the explosions.
Again and again, the man—]

 

[Then Rem saw an opportunity and lunged, gouging into the man’s shoulder with her
nails. Finally, Fogg’s own blood and screaming joined the clamor of the basement.]

 

“YES!”

 

The cry that came from everybody’s throats as one was loud enough to shake the theater
walls.

 

(The only one not to join in the roaring cheer, Rem flinched away from them all. The sight of
blood welling up by her own hand made her nauseous.)

 

[“Damn it, damn it, damn it damn it damn it damn it damn it! —How could someone…
the one thing I've mastered…!”]

 

Mastered one thing, and became helpless once that one thing was rendered useless. Ferris
curled his lip. What a worthless sort of man this was. The familiarity of that sort of situation
filled him with disgust.

 

[Rem kicked the wall and leapt at him as fast as a bullet — and then she threw
something even faster than that.]

 

“Ah—!” Tivey gasped.

 

[The red mana crystal that Rem had grabbed from one of the magic lights illuminating
the basement exploded right next to the man’s face.]

 

Mimi cheered loudly. Hetaro smirked slightly at the irony of that attack, a vicious sense of
justice momentarily making his blood run hot.



 

“Well done!” Wilhelm exclaimed, filled with just as much joyful triumph as the triplets at the
satisfying sight of a bloodied face.

 

[Rem rushed up to the agonized man, ready to stamp on his neck. “Kill when the
opportunity is given” — the hunting instincts of an Oni were even stronger than her
anger and hatred.]

 

Hunting instincts. Crusch swallowed. The instinct to reflexively stamp on the neck of an
agonized man, purely because the opportunity had presented itself—

 

She very well couldn’t think badly of Rem for it, considering who that agonized man was and
what he had done to her — and what he would have done to her, had their positions been
reversed. But the detail about her motivation in that moment being — rather than honor, or
desire for vengeance, or even her own self-preservation — being something that Rem would
have described as hunting instincts—

 

That detail mattered to Crusch, a Royal Candidate. It did not matter to Ricardo, a mercenary,
because either way the cultist would be dead. Whether it be hunting instincts or something
else spurring her forward didn’t matter, because all that mattered was that her foot would
come down, and the neck of the witch cultist would—

 

“LOOK OUT!” Subaru screamed, eyes wild with panic.

 

[But before she could reach him, Fogg blew up the entire basement in a last-ditch effort
to not lose.]

 

“Ah—!” Frederica squeaked.

 

“Coward!” Ricardo snapped.

 



“Dirty trick!” Hetaro growled. “You dirty cheat—!”

 

“That poor basement,” Anastasia muttered, grimacing at the wreckage.

 

“It’ll all be worth it,” Mimi snarled. “It’ll all be worth it, so long as he…!”

 

[Thanks to a miraculous falling shelf that had acted as a shield, Fogg has survived. He
was missing his right ear, nose, and several front teeth, but he was alive.]

 

“Ugh…!” Mimi groaned loudly. “Why are you still alive?!”

 

“Durable creatures, witch cultists,” Tivey said snidely. Hetaro clicked his tongue.

 

["That kid…” he muttered, marveling at the unexpected luck Rem had brought him —
both good and bad. “Whatever, first I have to get out of here… —And then I guess I'll
hurry and meet up with them...?"]

 

[—The sound of chains echoed through the basement, and the theater.]

 

Everyone went still at the familiar sound, realization dawning upon all of them at once.

 

“Oh,” Felt said. “So this is when she…”

 

[Fogg, who had been attempting to escape in the confusion, looked up. “Wha—?”]

 

[And then a spiked iron ball tore off his arm, crashing into the wall right next to him.]

 



“YES!” Subaru shouted, nearly leaping to his feet as he punched the air with triumph.
Beatrice startled.

 

On the other side of the room, Rem flinched violently. At one point in time, there was another
man who’s arm she had—

 

It had been the right arm, even. It had even been the same arm—!

 

Ricardo whistled lowly. “Good shot,” he praised. First time wielding such an unwieldy
weapon, and the young girl had successfully ripped off her opponent’s limb. That talent
deserved praise.

 

Rem made a croaking sound. She didn’t know how to feel about being praised for something
like that.

 

[Fogg watched the iron ball, dumbfounded, not even realizing that he had been injured.
Noticing that the ball was connected to a chain, his eyes followed it back to see—]

 

["It's yo—u?"]

 

[—It was only when Fogg tried to lift his detached arm to blow Rem up again that he
realized she had torn it off.]

 

Even that movement, that vain attempt to lift his arm — it was the same as the one that
Subaru had made in that dark hallway, in the seconds before he realized what Rem had done
to him.

 

And even that delay, that moment before he realized he had been injured, before the agony hit
him all at once—

 



Even if Rem had been granted the time to brace herself for it, she wouldn’t know how to even
begin to guard herself against the sound of that man’s agonized screams.

 

[That horrible noise didn’t stop Rem as she walked forward. She threw, and missed: his
left shoulder was gouged. She threw, and missed: his hipbone shattered. She threw, and
missed: the skin of his face was ripped off. She threw, and missed: his left shin was
blown off. She threw, and missed: the ground next to him collapsed.]

 

Frederica flinched with every blow, whether it hit or missed. Her pupils were small, and she
was trembling all over.

 

This sight…

 

“Well,” Ricardo joked, watching those clumsy shots. “Ya became a better shot with practice,
didn’t you, little lady…?”

 

[Fogg made a pathetic squeaking sound, but he couldn’t concentrate enough to set off
more explosions through his fear and pain.]

 

["You're the one…” Rem breathed. “Who did that to…me and Onee-chan's village…”]

 

[“Wa-Wait, wait, come on wait… I was just…gugyaa!"]

 

[Rem’s heel breaking his left shoulder, rendering both his arms useless, forced him to
cut himself off with a scream.]

 

Otto winced. Garfiel laughed loudly. “Who’s getting all beat up now, ya sack of shit?!” he
crowed.

 

[He looked down on it, Rem thought, nearly out of her mind with rage. He made fun of
it. The Oni’s… The Oni’s, the strongest Demi-human's horn, the bone of the Onis, the



flesh of the Onis—]

 

Hunting instincts, Crusch remembered. Where did instinct end and emotion begin? —Or, was
she making a mistake in trying to differentiate the two at all?

 

Rom chuckled darkly. To insult the heritage of a race as proud as the Oni Clan was a bold
move — bold to the point of foolishness. Even as a Giant, he had understood that.

 

But to see things from that girl’s perspective only made it all the clearer just how foolish that
mistake had been.

 

—Ram had been nearly overwhelmed by instinct, in those years before her horn had been
sliced away. She did not miss the sensation of losing herself to the force of her blood.

 

Seeing her sister in a position like that, however mild it may be in comparison to her old
self…

 

["Onee-chan said there were four people,” Rem managed. “So, if you're one of
them…”]

 

["Ah, ha…” The man clung to this information desperately, straining his voice as he
tried to plead for his life. “Ye-Yes, that's right. That's right! If you kill me, you wouldn't
know the names of the other three, right?! So, you can't kill me, you can't kill me!"]

 

Hetaro snarled with barely contained rage.

 

“It’s alright.” Tivey placed a hand on his shoulder. His eyes were unreadable. “Rem’s got
this.”

 

There was only one way this could go, after all. He held back a grin, as to not give away the
surprise.



 

[Rem gritted her teeth in anger, and the man quailed. But then—]

 

[“…Mana of water,” she murmured. “Heal this body.”]

 

["Ri-Right..."]

 

Frederica tilted her head, uneasy. She didn’t know how to feel about this. Healing someone
like that…

 

It was the right thing to do, really. But still… Even if she knew logically that it was the right
thing to do, it felt all sorts of wrong.

 

“No!” Mimi growled, her knuckles turning white against the arms of her sear. “No, don’t—!”

 

“Don’t worry,” Anastasia muttered, having already guessed what was coming next. “She’s
got this.”

 

[Fogg breathed out, relieved of pain and recovering his temper. The girl wanted to
communicate: he could use that. “Now,” he said, readying a surprise attack. “We
can..."]

 

["—Now we can talk."]

 

The entire audience recoiled as one as a crunching sound echoed through the room.

 

“Wha—?!” Rem shrieked.

 



[Rem had crushed Fogg’s left shoulder once again, and his screams echoed through the
basement.]

 

“—Oh,” Crusch winced. “That’s what’s going on.”

 

It was a familiar scene. A young man lying on the ground, injured and unable to fight back,
as a blue-haired Oni girl stood above him with an iron ball and chain. It bore the kind of
resemblance that would make her audience’s blood run cold.

 

“I— What?!” Rem cried, clutching at her face. “I— Even back then, I—?!”

 

“Rem.”

 

Rem stopped.

 

“This was warranted,” Ricardo said. His voice was calm and serious, with no room for
deception. “This is the treatment that would befit a man of such rotten intentions.”

 

["—I will break it, and then heal it, break it, and then heal it, over and over until you
tell me everything you're hiding."]

 

[“Wh…Wha…"]

 

“But—!”

 

“No buts,” Felt said stonily. “He was going to do the same to you, so it’s only fair. —This is
not the sort of thing you should feel shame for.”

 

It’s an unfortunate outcome for the little Oni girl, Rom thought grimly. But…



 

“I‘ve got no sympathy for the one who set all this in motion,” he said aloud. “And neither
should you.”

 

Rem swallowed. She wasn’t entirely sure if she agreed with that.

 

After all — lying there, with the torn-off arm and those frightened, painful eyes, the only
person she could find herself seeing in that man’s place was—

 

["I will have retribution. For the honor of the Oni clan. —No.” Rem tightened her grip
on the chains. “For Onee-chan."]

 

For me. Ram pressed her lips together. She didn’t care a bit for the well-being of that man,
but — Ram didn’t want her beloved sister to go staining her hands for her sake. Especially
when, the entire point of that wish, had been to...

 

But — she wasn’t so crass as to turn away a well-intended gift, was she?

 

This wasn’t for Ram, Anastasia thought, crossing her arms. This was all for you.

 

There was nothing wrong with Rem acting for her own sake, of course — especially not
when most would consider it so very deserved. But a person should be aware of where other
people’s interests ended and their own began, or they would never be able to claw their way
to where they wanted to be in the world.

 

["Wait, wait, wait! Wait, please waiiit—!!"]

 

[Fogg’s begging was in vein. His pained screaming continued long afterwards.]

 



Wilhelm watched the scene before him with a grim sort of satisfaction, arms folded across his
chest. This was justice, retribution in its purest form. He couldn’t help but feel proud of the
young girl who had managed to reach out and grasp it with both hands.

 

Ferris didn’t react much. The cries washed over him like wind, and he barely even flinched at
the sound of chains. But his eyes grew pained every time Rem’s hands began to glow.

 

[“Mana of water…”]

 

[The cultist’s sobs echoed through the basement, and out into the theater.]

 

What a grizzly introduction to healing magic, Crusch thought faintly. Anyone’s impression of
the art would become warped, with a first experience like this.

 

—Or perhaps Crusch, young and naïve and amnesiac as she was, was the one who’s
impression had been warped. Crusch supposed that she had no way of really knowing which
was true, not as she was right now.

 

Mimi laughed at the man’s wheezing expression. “He looks like a donkey!” she grinned. “Do
you think she can make him bark like one, too? Mimi bets she can!”

 

Tivey sighed, shaking his head with a fond smile. “Onee-chan…”

 

“Bullseye!” Hetaro grinned, watching her land a hit on the small of the man’s back as he
struggled to turn over. “And now he won’t be able to move his legs at all!”

 

“His own fault,” Tivey added.

 

The croaking sound Fogg made in response to the blow made Mimi laugh even harder. “Now
he sounds like a frog!”



 

Rem tried not to listen to those three. She already felt nauseous enough.

 

And it wasn’t like this was a complete waste of time, Anastasia noted. Rem was acting in a
much more intelligent manner, here.

 

[“Faust!” Fogg sobbed. “His name is— it’s—!”]

 

[“Hm.” Rem hefted her iron ball and chain once again. In her other hand, the
deceptively soothing blue glow of healing magic returned. “Mana of water…”]

 

One by one, she pulled the names of Fogg’s accomplices out of his rotten throat. With every
blow, Rem grew closer to her heart’s desire. This was calculated, on her part, and it was
working as intended.

 

Anastasia was not the sort of person who valued vengeance, or retribution. This was not for
any moral reason, but because she saw the pursuit as a waste of time and energy better spent
pursuing her own ends. But for someone who craved them for their own sake, the situation
was different. She could understand that much.

 

[“Who else were you working with?” Rem raised the chain again. “Tell me.”]

 

[“I— I was— It was—!” Fogg sniffled, visibly delirious with pain. “Please—”]

 

Julius was not a squeamish person: one could not be squeamish and also be a knight, after all.
But there was a proper way of doing things, a way to be clean and graceful even while doing
the dirty work required of his station.

 

He couldn’t say that Fogg hadn’t brought this upon himself, but it brought him no joy to
watch this grisly scene unfold.

 



Reinhard swallowed. He couldn’t help but see someone else in that man’s place. He wanted
to cry out an apology. What it was that he would be apologizing for, he wasn’t really sure.

 

Every time the chain fell, Rachins flinched. He couldn’t help it. He was just a normal guy,
after all — so it was fine that he couldn’t stomach a sight like this, right?

 

[“…heal this body.”]

 

“—Big sis?” Garfiel muttered, a worried expression on his face.

 

Frederica was shaking. Her eyes were wide. She felt as though even her blood was running
cold. This had been her coworker? This — had happened in her home? In her basement? All
of this had taken place down there — and she had never known that the concrete floor had
been stained with so much blood?

 

Maybe there were more reasons to be grateful that the Manor had burned down than she had
thought.

 

Otto watched the meteor and said nothing. This wasn’t his business. He didn’t care about that
man, so it didn’t matter.

 

Emilia flinched with every single blow. She didn’t want to — not really — but she couldn’t
help it. The sight was too familiar. It hurt her to compare Subaru to a witch cultist, of all
things, but the man looked so hurt and pitiful, and at one point in time someone else had been
on the other end of that horrible weapon, and…

 

She kept quiet. She didn’t say anything. She didn’t want to say anything.

 

“Subaru?” Beatrice murmured. She couldn’t care less about the scene on the meteor. Her
worried eyes were entirely fixated on her contractor.

 



“Mm…” Subaru swallowed. “Mm-hm…”

 

He tried to force himself to watch it. He really did. To turn away from it would be an insult to
Rem, wouldn’t it? But — he just couldn’t seem to keep his eyes open.

 

—Distasteful.

 

Ram had no love for this disgrace of a man, but this sort of sadism was something she
couldn’t approve of. You didn’t sit around to torture a cockroach: you crushed its body
quickly, wiped its remains off of the floor, and were done with it.

 

Of course, Rem had needed to extract something out of that man before she could put an end
to his miserable existence. But still…

 

[“Roswaal-sama,“ Rem said later, lowering her head. She had passed out after finally
doing away with Fogg, and it was in that bloodied state that Clind had found her body
and Ram had insisted on her being taken to the bed in which she now sat. “My dearest
apologies. I damaged the mansion's basement so much."]

 

Wilhelm laughed, feeling somewhat light and cheerful. “Apologizing for the state of the
basement — and not the cultist?” he teased. “Though I suppose that is the natural thing,
yes…”

 

Ram chuckled, the ghost of a smile crossing her own face. Her own distaste aside, such a
grisly death had been a fitting end for the sort of worthless mongrel who would dare attempt
something so vile against her dear sister. She had worry for her sister, but she had no
sympathy for him. Rather, any sympathy for a man like that would be an insult to her sister
— and by extension, to Ram.

 

“Ah… Ahah…” Rem laughed along uneasily. She didn’t know if she really shared Wilhelm’s
mirth, here.

 



Crusch’s head didn’t move. But her eyes flickered his way for a moment, a growing unease
somewhere in those irises. Wilhelm didn’t notice.

 

[Roswaal blinked. “I'm surprised,” he said. “I certainly didn't think that you'd
apologize for destroying the warehouse right away. —You have nothing to apologize for.
Your safety is what's most important, after all. Whatever happened in that building
does not matter.”]

 

That was the sort of response Ram would have expected from him. In those moments when
he acted as himself and not as the puppet of an evil witch, Roswaal was truly a kind and
considerate figure who tried to do right by all those in his care. Seeing that impression
validated further by his treatment of her dear sister — it gave Ram a feeling of warmth that
had been rare in this theater, and that was therefore cherished all the deeper.

 

[“Still, once your life and existence are gone, that can't be undone."]

 

The theater went still.

 

[“It can't be undone…”]

 

["Nooope, it can't. So be sure to take care of yourself."]

 

“—Why are all of you looking at me like that?” Subaru demanded.

 

Nobody answered, but they all quietly averted their eyes again. That — wasn’t the sort of
conversation that anyone wanted to leap back into.

 

["Roswaal-sama,” Rem asked. “Why was someone locked up in the mansion's
basement? Plus, that person…that man is—"]

 



["—One of the people that attacked your guys' village, yeeees,” Roswaal confirmed.
"Indeed, it must've been very shocking to you. Locking him up was a secret that
could've possibly created a crack in our trust that built up in these past two months."]

 

["No that's... Well, but... that's... true."]

 

[Roswaal had been hiding an enemy of the Oni clan from us, Rem thought. She was
shaking. If that isn’t betrayal, then betrayal doesn’t exist in this world.]

 

Wilhelm’s smile had slipped off of his face with Roswaal’s ironic comment from before, but
now the solemnity in his soul chilled even further.

 

The girl is right, he thought grimly. He’d better have a good explanation for this.

 

If someone had managed to do something similar to himself, during those fourteen years…

 

The very thought made him start to tremble with rage.

 

[—The only thing that stopped her from having a fit was her sister’s sleeping head,
which was still resting in her lap. After all, Ram had not left her side even once since
returning from Sanctuary.]

 

Ram stared at her own sleeping form. How had she reacted, finding her little sister in a state
like that? She wasn’t sure that she wanted to know.

 

["I captured that man the same day I brought you guys home to the mansion,” Roswaal
explained. “So the day the village burned. I captured the man as he failed to escape, and
I tied him to the basement. Of course, I didn't treat him the same way I did with you
guys. I didn't show any kindness besides giving him the minimum amount of food to eat.
Plus, it was obvious that he wasn't worth it."]

 



Ram nodded. It would have been insulting, for him to treat that filth with the same kindness
that he had given to her and Rem.

 

Frederica grimaced. She had no love in her heart for the man that had caused her coworkers
so much pain, but the thought of kidnapping and torturing someone — even someone as
horrible as Fogg —

 

Well. Perhaps that was why she was a maid, as opposed to a Margrave.

 

—Otto frowned. “Wasn’t worth it…?” he repeated quietly.

 

Everything else made sense. But what in Od’s name did THAT mean?

 

["If so, then why..."]

 

[“Because I wanted to see what you guys would choose, that's why."]

 

“—Huh?” Wilhelm asked, audibly bewildered. What choice was there to be made?

 

["Do you remember, Rem?” Roswaal asked. “I said it to you and Ram. —Whether you
guys stay at this mansion or leave it is up to you."]

 

["I do remember,” Rem said slowly. “You said that the promise is only an expedient
and…”]

 

["Correct, an expedient. And I also said this: ‘Forget about revenge and live, maybe you
should consider that.’"]

 

[“—Ah."]



 

Wilhelm stared at the meteor in complete disbelief. How could anyone suggest such a thing?
Would such a thing even be possible?

 

Emilia exhaled slowly. She…kind of wished that Rem had been able to do that. She would
probably be happier if she had, right?

 

Or — maybe she just didn’t understand Rem at all. The thought made her sad, but maybe it
was true.

 

[Roswaal had told me that, Rem remembered. But I never got the chance to talk about it
with Ram. …Because from the very beginning, I thought that it'd be impossible to call off
revenge.]

 

Ram folded her arms. Of course Rem had found it impossible to call of revenge. Ram may
have lost her horn, but Rem still had the call of her Oni blood to consider. After all, Rem's
situation was why Ram had decided to follow through with this plan, wasn't it?

 

Subaru nodded. It had been impossible for him to call off revenge, when Petelgeuse had
come knocking on his door. Doing so would have meant abandoning everything he cared
about and fleeing from everything in the world for the rest of his life. He didn’t want Rem to
decide to run away from everything. She was the very person who had once saved him from
that very fate, after all.

 

“If you haven’t found them yet,” he murmured aloud. “Then I’ll help you, Rem. I
definitely…”

 

Beatrice was the only one who heard his quiet promise. She didn’t say anything.

 

Emilia watched Rem come to that conclusion with a sad sort of resignation. She didn’t
understand it. She wanted to say that it was oh-kay, that she didn’t need to understand Rem.
…But the truth was that she had very much wanted to be able to understand her, really.



 

["Allow me to put this clearly,” Roswaal said. “I knew the man was one of your guys'
enemies. And if you really did wish for the Oni Clan's revenge, I was going to hand him
over. —But, if you didn't want revenge anymore and you were going to your life at this
mansion in peace… I was going to bury that man without telling you guys, and I
would've hid everything."]

 

Ram’s eyes softened. At his core, Roswaal had always been a considerate man.

 

Even when he did these strange things, even when he had made those awful choices poisoned
by the Witch of Greed, he had still been considerate and kind. That was why she had fallen
for him, after all — regardless of what he, or anyone else, had to say about her true feelings.

 

—But then there was the issue with Clind, and how Rem had been nudged in just the wrong
direction to ensure a disastrous confrontation when nobody else was home. Through his ever-
loyal servant, what had inspired Roswaal to make a move like that?

 

(That Tome had only ever told him what to do to achieve his goals, and never the reason why.
Perhaps this was yet another instance of the Witch of Greed poisoning the man’s good and
considerate intentions.)

 

(Ram’s heart sank. Even back then, Roswaal had been…)

 

["But, you encountered that man in a way I didn't want to happen, and you suffered
serious injuries,” Roswaal sighed. “I really feel like I should apologize for that. Plus,
Ram did criticize me a lot for it."]

 

Didn’t want… Otto huffed, thinking darkly of that Tome that had been at the forefront of
every plan Roswaal had made for years and years. That’s what happened, when someone
followed orders blindly like that. It didn’t make the Margrave any less responsible for what
had happened as a result.

 



Ram wondered how that conversation had gone. But it had been lost to time, now, so she had
no choice but to drop it.

 

["That man…”]

 

[“Died. In the end, he didn't even look the same, and it was a cruel death. Although,
since it was a man who deserved it, I don't have any sympathy for him at all."]

 

[He didn’t just ‘die,’ Rem thought. I killed him. I crushed his limbs, healed his wounds,
repeated it over and over, tortured him, while making him regret the crime he committed.
And then…]

 

“You did,” Crusch said. Rem didn’t recognize the emotion in her voice. “And then later, you
would…”

 

Rem exhaled slowly. “Yeah,” she said. “I guess that’s true.”

 

So — it hadn’t been just a one-time thing. This was who Rem actually was, wasn’t it?

 

“Murder becomes a habit…”

 

Rem was jolted out of her thoughts by Subaru’s sudden, thoughtful murmur.

 

Across the room, Otto startled alongside her. “What?” he asked.

 

“Murder becomes a habit,” Subaru answered. People were turning to look at him, now. “It’s a
quote from a famous detective back home, Hercule Poirot.”

 



“Murder becomes a habit…” Garfiel frowned. “Does that refer to the kind of bitch who’s
gotten a taste for blood?”

 

Elsa had been the type who’d had a taste for blood. He could still see her smiling face
whenever he closed his eyes.

 

Rem winced. Had she been the kind of woman who—?

 

But Subaru shook his head. “No,” he said. “What it means is that — if someone has solved a
problem with murder before, then whenever another problem arises, they will think about
solving it with murder again. And once the pattern has been set into motion, even if it’s just
once, then that habit does not go.”

 

[“You have carried out the Oni Clain retribution,” Roswaal declared. “Though you had
no choice in that situation. So now…"]

 

“Murder becomes a habit,” Wilhelm repeated. His smile had faded, an uneasy feeling taking
its place. As a swordsman, he was quite at ease with the idea of taking lives to solve a
problem. But thinking of it in terms of a HABIT was…

 

“Murder becomes a habit.” What did that mean, for swordsmen?

 

Ricardo pondered a similar question, but then dismissed it. He was a mercenary, and
mercenaries often solved problems with murder. That wasn’t a habit so much as a job.
Ricardo didn’t have to be a mercenary when he wasn’t on duty — and even when he was on
duty, his job as a mercenary was not all that defined him, and he could solve his problems
without murder if he thought it best.

 

Subaru’s homeland had undoubtedly been a softer, quieter sort of place, where murdering to
solve problems was unusual enough to warrant such investigation. That was a rather lovely
thought, but it sadly didn’t apply to places like Lugunica or Kararagi.

 



“Murder becomes a habit.” Rom exhaled slowly. He’d felt the weight of that habit for a long,
long time, but he had only truly become aware of it fifteen years ago.

 

—That was one habit that he wished to spare Felt from developing, if he could manage it.

 

["…No, not yet,” Rem said. “Only one has been killed so far. There are three left that
ought to be punished."]

 

“Murder becomes a habit.” Someone who has murdered once in order to solve a problem
will think of murdering again, once another problem rears its head. Crusch quietly filed that
quote into the back of her mind.

 

Anastasia smiled wistfully. To think of murder as something that would stain a soul in such a
way…

 

It was an awfully silly way to think, in a world where you often had to pick whether you
wanted to kill or to be killed by the person in front of you. But the naïveté of such a thought
process made her feel an odd sense of longing. —For such a phrase to have existed with such
apparent authority, Subaru’s homeland must have been a rather enviable place indeed.

 

Felt huffed. Habit and addictions could easily drive a person to ruin: she had seen plenty of
that back in the slums. A worthless, pathetic sight. An addiction to murder would be just as
miserable as an addiction to drink, she was sure.

 

Ferris shifted slightly. Murder as a habit — he didn’t think he could even comprehend such a
thing. To take a life was far too vile an action: to do it even once would give him nightmares
for the rest of his own.

 

“Murder — as a habit?” Mimi mused aloud.

 

Mimi was a mercenary. Taking lives was a necessity, and dismissing the act as wholly
unjustified felt rather silly and naïve. So thinking of it as something in danger of becoming a



habit was…

 

“So long as it works properly, then that’s what matters, isn’t it?” Tivey agreed quietly. Hetaro
shrugged.

 

…Boss Lady always talked about the importance of knowing more than one way to deal with
problems. If someone became too fixated on one solution, then perhaps they could lose sight
of there being any other paths they could take. And those other paths could solve things more
quickly, more fully, with more benefits, and in ways that would be all-around better for Mimi
and the people she cared about. Perhaps that was what was meant, but the danger of murder
becoming a habit. That made sense, probably.

 

Julius exhaled slowly. As a knight, he had slain many a foe — and he would go on to slay
many more, he was certain. But he didn’t like the idea that he may one day look back and
realize that he had made a habit out of the practice.

 

Reinhard looked at the meteor, eyes somewhat dull. Murder as a habit — Reinhard was a
monster, and the monster collared by the kingdom. To slay those who endangered the
kingdom was his duty, whether that fell under the title of “habit” or not.

 

Rachins hunched over. “If you don’t wanna get hurt—”

 

He didn’t think he could ever make murder into a habit of his even if he tried. Not after that.

 

["Well, what are you going to do?” Roswaal asked. “Find those three and carry out
retribution? Are you saying you've realized how right it was to have revenge after
killing the first one? Is that it?"]

 

Otto scowled. If murder truly was the sort of thing that became a habit — then that meant
that the Margrave was ultimately the one to blame, wasn’t he? With that wicked scheme of
his, he had been the one to give Rem her first experience of using murder to solve a problem
— and with the very weapon she would go on to wield against Subaru, no less.

 



Garfiel snarled. “So it was all the shitty clown’s fault, then,” he growled. “It always comes
back to him, doesn’t it…?”

 

(Captain loved Rem. Switching culprits gave Garfiel’s anger somewhere to go that wasn’t
one of Subaru’s beloveds. The Margrave was a familiar target. It worked out.)

 

Emilia grimaced. The idea of seeking revenge like this…

 

It wasn’t the sort of thing that came naturally to her. She wanted to say that she simply did
not understand it and leave it at that, but she didn’t think she could. The idea of living a life
for the sake of vengeance…it was just too sad for her to approve.

 

Beatrice considered the saying. Murder as a habit…

 

More than anything else, she didn’t really understand how a human would feel about that sort
of thing. Their lives were so fleeting compared to her own, after all. Attempting to
understand it was like peering through a murky window.

 

Frederica was also not the type who could understand murder as a habit. She was just a
normal girl, after all, and she was alright with that. But unlike Beatrice, Frederica was filled
with the cold understanding that she was capable of falling into that trap, given the right
circumstances.

 

Given the right set of circumstances — Frederica knew that even she would become capable
of understanding that habit very, very intimately. And that thought terrified her more than
anything else had so far.

 

Ram grimaced. Her little sister developing such a nasty habit…

 

Ram did not think of murder as having become a habit of hers. It was an option, one that she
weighed the costs and benefits of whenever the question came knocking at her door, and most



often dismissed as unnecessary. She had killed when necessary and would do so again if she
had to, but it was not the sort of thing she leapt to whenever a problem presented itself.

 

For Rem to have been forced to grow into such an unpleasant state—

 

The thought made Ram very, very sad.

 

Ironically, although Subaru had been the one to bring it up, he was one of the ones thinking
about the saying the least; he had pondered the connection, lamented how Rem had slipped
into old habits once he had triggered her worst memories, and then moved on to thinking
about how he hoped she had managed to get her revenge.

 

He remembered how Petelgeuse had soured his soul, after all. He didn’t want Rem to carry
that fear and hatred around for the rest of her life, even if he already understood that her habit
had remained.

 

“Murder becomes a habit.” Rem had only just learned that saying, but she felt as though the
example being set before her eyes was engraving its meaning deep into her soul.

 

[What do I feel, after killing that man? Rem wondered. It's the first time I've ever killed
someone. It was revenge for my family, for my parents. —Do I feel aversion to killing? Do
I feel a sense of achievement from accomplishing revenge? Inside my heart, there is…]

 

[“There's not really anything,” she answered aloud.]

 

Rem shrank into herself.

 

She hadn’t expected to hear herself express guilt, or shame, or disgust. She had been bracing
herself for joy in the face of her adversary’s misery, for vindictive righteousness at carrying
out her sworn duty, for satisfaction at a job well done. But to hear her say that she felt nothing
at all…



 

["I don't feel anything in particular from killing that man,” Rem said, tilting her head
with emotionless eyes. “Is that odd?"]

 

Was this worse? To think of such a brutal murder as a simple means to an end—

 

“Murder becomes a habit.” Was this what Subaru had meant?

 

“Rem,” Ram started to say, but it was Rom who spoke up.

 

“Don’t hold something like this against yourself, Miss,” the old man said. Rem startled. “The
harsh truth about this world is that sometimes killing is a necessary act. If it wasn’t him, it
would’ve been you, and it was all his own fault for that.”

 

Rem swallowed. “But—”

 

“Ya can’t blame yourself for feeling a certain way — or for not feeling any way at all,” Rom
said sternly. “Folks without memories of killing don’t get it, but it ain’t as simple a matter as
it gets made out a lot of the time. However ya felt is how ya felt.”

 

…Rem thought that this kindly old man seemed alarmingly knowledgeable about what it felt
like to murder someone. Oddly enough, the realization that this was someone who
understood — it set her more at ease than anything else.

 

(Ram turned and nodded to the old man. Rom dipped his head in return. No words needed to
be said.)

 

[If there’s anything I feel from the way that man died, it’s—]

 

["—I will grant Onee-chan's wish,” Rem declared.]



 

[“You will grant Ram's wish?"]

 

[“Yes, I will."]

 

...It wasn't like it hadn't been something Ram wanted at all. She had believed that it was a
necessity, after all. She remembered it being for her own sense of anger at having been
wronged, at an unwillingness to let such senseless brutality continue past her doorstep. But as
far as her own self was concerned, Ram had wanted revenge for herself and her Clan — not
for anything as foolish as "Oni pride."

 

But for Rem, the horned Rem, the Rem for whom the pride of the Oni Clan was still steeped
deep in her blood, the situation would have been different. Instead of a conscious choice
between two conceivable options, it would have been a matter of life, of death, of soul, and
everything else. 

 

[Onee-chan’s wish and pride is the Oni Clan’s retribution, Rem knew. But without her
horn, she doesn’t have the power to get revenge on them. —But Onee-chan is more
important than anything and anyone, so her wish has to be fulfilled.]

 

Ram — grimaced.

 

It was nice that she was so important to her dear sister. But Rem was Ram’s dearest sister
herself, and so being thought of as the most important thing in Rem’s world was…

 

[Onee-chan’s abilities now rank lower than the average person, Rem reflected. There’s no
trace of the talent she had commanded in every area, before, and now she struggles with
even minor things. —She has gone from being beloved by the whole world to having to
endure life at the bottom.]

 

Ram frowned even further. “That’s not really true,” she said quietly. She wondered if she
should feel insulted. “Ram is Ram. I have never once felt as though I had to endure life as
myself.”



 

—That horn had been more of a hindrance than a help. As she had told Subaru before: Ram
may have lost that worthless, aggravating horn, but she had gained a life in its place. To say
that she’d had to endure life after becoming hornless…nothing could possibly be more
backwards than that.

 

[The solution is simple. I will just become the replacement for Onee-chan's lost horn.]

 

Ram felt something cold go down her spine.

 

[To prove how right Onee-chan was, to wipe away Ram's shame, the one who was the
hope of the Oni clan, Rem would be her hands and legs, her sister's horn— She would
fill Ram's shoes.]

 

“Ah,” Subaru murmured.

 

Rem blinked slowly. Filling Ram’s shoes… That had been her goal?

 

It sounded simple. She had a feeling it was not.

 

“To wipe away their shame…” Emilia trailed off.

 

That was what she was trying to do, wasn’t it? To win the Royal Selection, to obtain the
dragon’s blood, to save her people and finally wipe away that shame of hers, from that day so
very long ago.

 

—Ram stared at the meteor. Since when had she needed someone else to fill her shoes for
her?

 

["You will become Ram's horn?" Roswaal clarified, when Rem explained herself.]



 

[“Yes,” Rem nodded. “One-chan swore on retribution, and it's the Oni Clan's dearest
wish. But, Onee-chan can't accomplish that without her horn. So, I will fill Onee-chan's
shoes."]

 

That logic was sound. This did not mean that Ram felt good about what Rem had apparently
just decided.

 

Subaru didn’t say anything. His eyes were sad as he watched the scene in front of him. This
was when it had really started, then, huh?

 

Filling Ram’s shoes — and Rem would spend years leaving her own unfilled, convinced that
she lacked value just by existing as herself. The memory of that fatal flaw felt like a knife
twisting against his heart.

 

["So that you sisters can carry out the Oni Clan’s retribution?"]

 

["No.” Rem smiled a lovely smile. That wasn’t quite right. “So that Onee-chan can be
herself."]

 

So that I can be myself, Ram repeated inwardly. But if you act as my horn, then who will act
as…?

 

Ram would always be Ram, horn or not. There was no doubt in her mind about that. But Rem
—

 

“Rem is Rem,” she murmured. “There’s no need for Rem to be anything else. She should just
be herself.”

 

Next to her, Rem blinked slowly.

 



["Alright,” Roswaal agreed. “Sure thing. If retribution is what you and Ram want, then
I shall respect that wish. I shall support that wish. Revenge shall be attained by all
means possible."]

 

["…You won't…go against it?"]

 

["Whether you choose to forget about it or not, I will respect your decision. But I know
which one is the difficult choice.”]

 

Wilhelm frowned. The Margrave had gotten it backwards: to get revenge was the natural
thing to do, and to forget about everything and walk away was akin to a fish attempting to
swim upstream.

 

“—Murder becomes a habit.” The phrase echoed from the back corner of his mind teasingly,
no matter how much he tried to stifle it.

 

[“And well, the reason why I want to help you guys who chose the difficult road is
because I'm no stranger to not wanting to forget as well."]

 

That was right. Even back then…

 

For as long as Ram had known him, Roswaal had always been subjected to the mercy of the
Witch of Greed. The knowledge made her heart clench painfully in her chest.

 

[“Lord Roswaal… There's something you don't want to forget too, huh."]

 

["Not even for a moment. No matter much time passes."]

 

…Perhaps Roswaal did understand which was the more natural way of being after all. Or —
was this a matter of him going against his own nature, which came to Wilhelm as easily as
breathing in air?



 

Wilhelm supposed he would likely never know. It wasn’t the sort of thing that he was close
enough with the Margrave to ask, whatever his past relationship to the man’s late
grandmother had been.

 

[The grief and envy heard in his voice were emotions Rem knew well. As such — this
was the first time when Rem and Roswaal formed something that was close to genuine
trust.]

 

Beatrice exhaled slowly. It was rare, to see Roswaal even allow for that much sincerity where
the subject of Echinda was concerned. Seeing him for once loosen his grip on that thing that
he kept so close to his chest — it felt a little like watching him rip open his ribs to expose his
heart for everyone to see.

 

Should they be watching this at all? Beatrice almost wanted to snap at the rest of the theater
to have the decency to avert their eyes.

 

Anastasia averted her eyes, feeling uncomfortable. She didn’t know much about the
Margrave, but even she could tell that this was too personal for her to pick apart.

 

Otto scowled. He had no sympathy for this man, who would remain his enemy no matter
what everyone else may have decided.

 

Ram swallowed at the anguish on her beloved’s face. Of course, she was well-aware of how
twisted the source of that grief truly was. She remembered how it had bewitched him, and
how cutting him loose had been both a bloody struggle and a necessary step to set him free.

 

But regardless of whether she approved — it was still painful, to see him in pain.

 

[“Rem,“ Roswaal asked. “Did you get that man to tell you the names of the people
whom you ought to get revenge on?"]

 



["Sado. Sergei. Faust. The man who died is Fogg."]

 

["Those are the names of those that must be punished. Got it. I will definitely help with
you with your wish."]

 

“All four are dead, today,” Ram said aloud. “I remember that much.”

 

She didn’t remember what Rem’s involvement in their deaths had been. She privately,
selfishly hoped that Rem had managed to stay out of the matter regarding the other three
cultists, even if she knew that Rem had made other plans.

 

Ram didn’t want her beloved sister soiling herself with murder as a habit any more than
strictly necessary. Protecting little siblings from dirtying their hands like that was the job of
big sisters, and Ram felt that she had watched herself fail as a big sister quite enough already.

 

["Fill Ram shoes, be Ram's hands and legs, be Ram's horn…” Roswaal tilted his head.
“So you're saying that you want to be Ram's substitute."]

 

—Watching from the theater, Ram felt her blood run cold.

 

“Ah,” Ricardo muttered. “So that’s what it is.”

 

Mimi’s breath caught in her throat. A substitute…

 

Little siblings were supposed to be themselves. It was up to older siblings to live up to the
titles, so that their juniors could be free to be themselves. The idea of Tivey or Hetaro
abandoning their own selves, so that they could measure up to an ideal that Mimi had failed
to achieve for the three of them—

 

The very thought of being such a failure made her chest clench painfully. Was there anything
else that her brothers could do, that would feel more like spitting in her face?



 

Hetaro wondered what would have to happen, for him to think that he needed to take Mimi’s
place. Mimi was Mimi, after all. And Hetaro loved his big sister very much, but loving her
and becoming her replacement were two very different things, and he found it difficult to see
where one could become the other. But surely one eventually became the other, in some way,
because there was no doubt in his mind that Rem loved her sister.

 

Tivey scowled. He didn’t even try to understand this twisted logic. He feared that attempting
such a thing would only serve to corrupt his own mind, and he didn’t want to taint his
relationships with his own beloved siblings if he could help it.

 

Crusch frowned. A substitute — for someone else? To refuse to let your own soul shine at its
brightest, and instead force it to emulate the shine of someone else—

 

A betrayal of self, that was the only way to define it.

 

“A substitute for Ram,” Felt echoed. Her cheek was resting in her palm. “How stupid.”

 

Living your life for the sake of other people — ridiculous. Felt had no choice but to voice her
contempt for the idea aloud, if only so that the present Rem could hear it.

 

—After all, she didn’t like how that girl’s face had responded to that suggestion in the
moment.

 

["…Aah,” Rem breathed. Her cheeks he gone pale. She felt her heart flutter, and a
shiver ran down her spine.]

 

Wilhelm hissed softly. That was the look of someone who believed themselves to have found
a reason to live.

 

In this case, however — this wasn’t the sort of reason that Wilhelm could approve of.



 

Ferris recognized that expression on Rem’s face, and the sight of it was the kind that took his
breath away. It reminded him of the dearest, most precious part of his own fragile soul.

 

Ferris had always prided himself on being an extension of the person he loved most in the
world, after all. It was the greatest, most wonderful gift that Crusch Karsten had ever given
him, after she had taken his hand and led him out of that dark, dusty basement.

 

[“Yes, I am,” Rem said. “I want to be Onee-chan's — Nee-sama’s — substitute. …I shall
do everything in her place.”]

 

For the first time in a while, Ferris felt the corners of his mouth turning upwards in a genuine
smile. The sight of that girl’s happy, understanding, determined face was a soothing balm
upon his soul.

 

Ferris knew what it was like, after all, to live a life that belonged in heart and body and soul
to someone else.

 

A substitute — for an older sister? Frederica briefly wondered how she would feel if Garfiel
had attempted such a thing. The idea was so alien that she found herself unable to picture it at
all, leaving her lost and uncertain as to how she should be feeling about any of this.

 

She didn’t think she liked it very much. Was she allowed to dislike it?

 

Garfiel crossed his arms. “Sounds stupid,” he muttered.

 

Julius saw this youth stepping up to fill the shoes of a sibling who was no longer able to
fulfill the duties for which she had been born, and—

 

Was this what Joshua had seen, when Julius had stepped into his role as the eldest son of their
noble household?



 

[—And above all, Rem thought. I can’t live and forget the thought I had that moment
when my sister's horn broke off.]

 

Rem slowly blinked. Ram tilted her head. The world continued to turn before their eyes.

 

Chapter End Notes

Okay, to be clear: I am VERY anti-torture. Like, I actually do some work in human
rights, and am very staunchly against the violation of such in any capacity, in any
circumstances, for any reason, for a variety of ethical and political reasons alike. …But I
honestly don’t believe that anyone in the cast would be able to say the same. Like, even
Emilia straight up kicked a tied-up Sirius across the room the minute the cultist said
something she didn’t like while in their custody, the world of Re:Zero genuinely does
not seem to give a shit about torture as a concept. …And, despite being both from our
world and a very good boy, I don’t believe that Subaru is mature enough to really be
anti-torture when it comes to witch cultists, either.

So. Uh. Hope I got everyone’s perspectives across well enough, regardless of how little I
share them.

Also just so y’all are aware: I actually did skip over quite a bit to sort of abridge this
one, since this fic really is about the main storyline. I highly recommend going to read
the actual EX novel, it really is quite good.

Side Stories included:

[Oni Sisters of the Hidden Village Prequel EX]

Side Stories referenced:

[Garfiel and Ram’s Very Very Very Complicated Love Circumstances ZERO]



Chapter 16: To Be A Sister (Arc 2, Part 11)
Chapter Summary

Rem's memories continue. It's awfully confusing at times.

Chapter Notes

Okay, here we go! I hope you enjoy!

(We're on track for the demonic Arc 2 to be 13 chapters total, by the way. Which means
that after this, there should be two chapters left!)

See the end of the chapter for more notes

["Are you alright?” Ram asked. “Is the abundance of people too much for you to
handle? I guess it's expected. After all, it is your first time being somewhere with this
many people."]

 

Rem frowned, glancing over the scenery in front of her. It looked familiar. “This is…”

 

“The Capital of Lugunica,” Ram confirmed quietly. “It’s where we watched Subaru — deal
with the Bowel Hunter situation, before he came to the Manor.”

 

Rem nodded slowly.

 

—Frederica suddenly had a thought. Was this the twins’ first time visiting the Capital?

 

Something very strange had gone down, the day that Ram had visited the Capital for the very
first time. She couldn’t remember it all that clearly, but perhaps that was because…

 



["Nee-sama, sorry for making you worried,” Rem said, placing a hand over where Ram
has reached over to worriedly caress her cheek. “I'm fine."]

 

[“Are you sure?” Ram pressed. “You don't have to push yourself, If you can't do it, then
you can wait in the dragon carriage quietly…”]

 

["No really, I'm fine. I can't be disheartened from something like this."]

 

Hetaro’s face twisted. Knowing what Rem had decided behind her older sister’s back, and
then seeing Ram caring for her just like an older sibling should…! Did Rem really just —
never realize what she would be doing to Ram, with a decision like that?

 

“Onii-chan,” Tivey hissed, his arm being clenched tight by his older brother. “Onii-chan,
you’re hurting me…!”

 

Hetaro suddenly remembered the story of The Red Oni Who Cried, and his face twisted even
further.

 

Tivey yelped. “Onii-chan—!”

 

["How's your first time being at the Royal Capital?” Roswaal asked. “It's preeeetty
splendid, right?"]

 

Frederica frowned even further. So it was, then.

 

["You two, please be very careful so that you don't get lost,” Frederica warned.
“Finding a lost child in this city is no simple task. It's very difficult."]

 

Subaru snorted. Emilia placed a hand over her mouth to hide her giggle. Both of them were
thinking of the same young daughter of the Appa seller, whom they had each stopped to help
on the busy streets of that very place.



 

“—Oh,” Ram said. “I remember this.”

 

Rem blinked. “Nee-sama?”

 

“We were there to find a gift to celebrate the new baby of the Miload family,” Frederica was
explaining across the room. “Lady Grace was…” She halted, and then continued tactfully.
“That baby would grow up to be young Annerose, of course.”

 

["For you to go through the trouble going to the Royal Capital for that, you must have a
lot of spare time,” Ram noted.]

 

["I'm giving a gift to a close friend,” Roswaal returned. “Of course I'd find the time to
choose one myself."]

 

Ram frowned. His reasoning had been a little more complicated than that: she remembered
that much.

 

Though, he and Grace had been close. So perhaps there was a bit of truth to that statement,
after all.

 

She shook her head. “It was for the Tammuz Festival,” she continued explaining to her little
sister. “In that area, it marks the time of year when ice season ends and flowers and fruits
begin to come into season. Lord Roswaal chose to look for a present then, because rare things
appear on the market during that time that normally don’t during the rest of the year.”

 

["If you're going to be giving a present,” Roswaal declared, “you might as well make it
a special one."]

 

Anastasia smiled. She herself had gone by the same rules, after all, when picking out “gifts”
for the other Camps in preparation for their arrivals in Priestella. “If you’re going to give



someone a gift, you might as well give them the best gift that you can.”

 

The Margrave really was turning out to be much more sensible than she had assumed, wasn’t
he?

 

[“…The gift isn't for Lady Grace?" Frederica was clarifying.]

 

["A gift for Grace would be a present for the Miload family,” Roswaal explained. “This
is something I want to give to celebrate the baby. That's the plan."]

 

Crusch blinked. “I see,” she murmured.

 

Felt frowned. “What kinda things would a baby like?” she asked. “All they do is sit there and
make a racket all day long, they’re not gonna appreciate shit.”

 

“That’s not really accurate, Lady Felt,” Reinhard said.

 

["So you want to choose something the baby will like even though it hasn't been born
yet,” Rem said. “You sure are asking for quite the feat."]

 

["Right? It is going to be veeeery difficult. After all, I am famous for not being able to
understand feelings even with those whom I talk with face to faaaace."]

 

["That's not something you should be proud of,” Ram answered.]

 

Wilhelm chuckled slightly. It seemed as though some traits of that man’s had been inherited
from his grandmother: Roswaal J. Mathers had been infamous for her tactlessness and
outrageousness.

 



Well. That entire family was something else, in a number of ways.

 

["We'll decide on a time and place to meet, and we'll split into two groups to find a
present,” Roswaal declared. “—A present suitable for a soon to be born child. There
will be a prize for the one that does a good jooooob."]

 

Old Man Rom huffed, crossing his arms with a soft sort of look on his face. “Didn’t expect
the Margrave to have a soft spot for young-uns,” he commented.

 

“I think he’s doing an alright job,” Ricardo grinned. Aside from…

 

Well. It had been a great benefit to Rem, in the end. So perhaps that much could be forgiven.

 

—Ram frowned. They had called off the competition early due to unforeseen circumstances,
she remembered that much. …But at least for herself, there had been a prize, all right.

 

["As long as Roswaal-sama or Frederica-sama goes alone, we can be divided into a
three-man group,” Rem was saying. “With me and Nee-sama, and a one-man group…”]

 

["You're being pretty absurd!” Frederica exclaimed. “I'll be lonely if I have to go
alone!"]

 

Garfiel chuckled. “You really are honest, eh, sis?”

 

“And those two are certainly mischievous,” Frederica muttered.

 

[“—Thank goodness,” Frederica murmured to herself.]

 

The theater quieted.



 

[Rem blinked. "Frederica-sama?"]

 

["It looks like this trip to the Capital has allowed you to relax a bit,” Frederica smiled.
“That makes me feel relieved. I was worried about your recent behavior. …I wasn't sure
how much the incident of the enemy sneaking into the basement warehouse scarred
you."]

 

Frederica blinked. “—Scarred you?” she echoed.

 

Of course, that would be partially her concern. But she would imagine that her old self would
have also been worried about…

 

[She’s not aware of the details, Rem noted. Only Roswaal-sama, Nee-sama, and I know
about the man’s background as a witch cultist, and Clind was the only one who knew
about the man’s existence.]

 

…Ah. So, Frederica had never been told about what had really happened at all.

 

She clenched her fists in her lap, and tried not to feel betrayed. It would only have frightened
her, she knew. Keeping it from her had been the intelligent decision. Perhaps even the
responsible one.

 

—Rem glanced at Frederica from across the room. The forced smile on her face made her
stomach twist into knots of guilt. Even if she didn’t remember it…

 

Ram hissed softly between her teeth. Perhaps she would need to apologize to her coworker
properly. Once all of — this — had been taken care of.

 

["Thank you for worrying about me,” Rem decided. “But I'm fine."]

 



["I can't just be convinced with that when I see those injuries. Ram's face was burning
red in anger…” Frederica curled her lip. “All of it happened because Clind had bad
timing…!"]

 

It had been a bit more than bad timing, Otto thought darkly. That cryptic order, no doubt
given from Roswaal through his eldest servant…

 

Well. That was a matter for another time, he guessed.

 

["It's true that Clind-sama had bad timing,” Rem answered carefully. “But he is the one
who found me worn-out. Besides, Roswaal is teaching me magic now, and so even if
something like that happens again, I'll be able to heal my wounds."]

 

["Please don't say that it'll happen again,” Frederica muttered. “There's no need for an
omen like that."]

 

Frederica twitched. Rem’s healing magic had taken on a decidedly twisted sort of meaning, in
her mind. —Healing magic as a form of torture was something that she never would have
dreamed of, she was certain, and yet Rem had come up with the idea all on her own when she
had been just a little girl.

 

[“A gift, something the receiver would be happy with…” Rem recited. “When I think
about it like that, it feels really difficult." Three hours had gone by, and yet…]

 

["It really does, huh,” Frederica agreed. “Rem, if, for example, Ram was going to give a
present to you, what would make you happy?"]

 

[“The fact that Nee-sama is willing to give me a gift would make me happy."]

 

Tivey scoffed. Even he would want a proper gift from Mimi, really. Hetaro, who thought
similarly to Rem, sensed what his little brother was thinking and swatted him over the head.



 

["That was a bad example,” Frederica noted. “Hmm, let's see... Switching places, what
would you give Ram? To your precious twin sister."]

 

Crusch stifled a laugh. What a poor question to ask.

 

“Well,” Wilhelm said tactfully. “Perhaps young Frederica didn’t actually want to get anything
done that day after all…”

 

[If I was going to give her a gift, what would I…? Rem wondered. The village didn’t really
deal in money, so I’d only give her things like corollas and steamed tatoes before—]

 

["But now that I'm being paid,” Rem realized. “I can give Nee-sama presents…!”]

 

“And there it is!” Felt cackled.

 

["Rem? Hey, Rem.” Frederica was prodding a shell-shocked Rem. “Are you listening to
me? Reeemmm, I shouldn't have aaasked."]

 

[“Sorry, Frederica-sama. I have to find a present for Nee-sama now!"]

 

["I admit that it's all my fault for asking! Sit down! Please sit down!"]

 

“Oh, hush,” Frederica muttered at Garfiel’s laughter. Across the theater, Rem’s cheeks were a
similar shade of red. Ram stifled a giggle of her own at the sight.

 

Emilia smiled tenderly. It was really wonderful, for someone to be so very excited at the
prospect of giving the person they loved a gift. Really, really wonderful…

 



["We're going to find a gift that will let the baby know that we wish for it to grow up
into a healthy and graceful woman,” Frederica declared.]

 

["But we don't know for sure that it's a girl, since it hasn't been born yet,” Rem pointed
out.]

 

In the present moment, Frederica preened. She had been correct in the end.

 

(She had been so selfishly happy, when she had heard that Annerose was a little girl. A little
sister-like figure was someone that Frederica had felt would be much less trouble to connect
with, as opposed to if she had been born a little boy.)

 

[Out of nowhere—]

 

“—Rem?” Subaru asked. His worried eyes were fixed upon her frozen place.

 

[That stink, Rem thought. She had frozen in place.]

 

“Oh,” Anastasia muttered.

 

“Oh no,” Crusch hissed.

 

[The same terrible stink that had filled the basement warehouse…!]

 

Garfiel’s eyes widened. “Here?!” he demanded. “Here— Now—?!”

 

Almost back to back encounters with the ones who— What kind of rotten luck was that?!

 



[“Rem?” her onscreen self asked, noticing that the young girl had inexplicably stopped
in the middle of the street. “What’s wrong?”]

 

Ah. Frederica exhaled. So that really had…

 

[Rem turned towards the alley where the stench was coming from, and then she broke
into a sprint.]

 

[“Rem—?!” Frederica cried.]

 

[Rem wasn’t listening. Her mind was fixated on one thing and one thing only: This is the
evil scent that deserves to be punished—!]

 

Frederica couldn’t remember the details very clearly. But she knew that something had
happened, that day at the festival.

 

“—You didn’t even think to say anything first?” she murmured, watching as Rem left behind
her bewildered self. “Instead, you immediately…”

 

But Rem had always been a reckless sort of girl, hadn’t she?

 

“An evil scent that deserves to be punished.” In the present moment, Rem reflected on that
sentiment. The scent itself was what deserved to be punished, was that right?

 

If it was the scent itself that was at fault, then of course Subaru, too, would…

 

Well. It’s not like she could blame a child for conflating actions and the physical
characteristics associated with those who had committed them. —But it seemed that her old
self had never grown out of that flawed way of thinking, had she?

 



[But then—]

 

["There's no one here…?!”]

 

[She had hit a dead end.]

 

“—What?!” Subaru snapped. He looked almost as angry as the little girl onscreen, eyes
blazing with hatred so hot it was as if it had always been his own. “You didn’t— Where’d he
go?!”

 

["Why…” Rem’s vision was turning red. She stamped her feet hard enough to crack the
stone — over and over again. “Why, why…why…!"]

 

Emilia stared, somewhat in shock at the sight before her.

 

Was Rem — throwing a tantrum?

 

["Rem, stop this now!” Frederica shouted, grabbing Rem’s arm. “This is the Capital,
the territory of the highest nobles! —What happened to you? You started running all of
a sudden, and now this…”]

 

It was the sort of behavior that Julius could expect from a girl that young, of course. But Rem
was normally so quiet and well-behaved that this seemed…

 

["Nee-sama's and my enemy was here."]

 

“Well,” Ricardo said tactfully. “I guess any kid in that situation would be particularly bitter
about witch cultists.”

 



Rem — couldn’t help but feel embarrassed, by the behavior of her old self. She averted her
eyes slightly from the meteor.

 

“Rem…” Ram trailed off.

 

["Why do you say that?” Frederica was asking. “The witch cultists can't be found so
easily…"]

 

["—! I can! I can tell! Their… I can sense their smell! The disgusting, awful smell of an
evil person!”]

 

What a childish way to think of the world. Anastasia sighed inwardly. Though, she did have
to respect the passion and resolve behind those words.

 

Subaru gritted his teeth. He remembered that anger, that terror, that pain…

 

He hoped that Frederica would decide to help. He really, really hoped she would…

 

[“Why don't you believe me?!” Rem cried. “If I noticed sooner, they wouldn't have
gotten away…! If it was Nee-sama… If it was Nee-sama, they definitely wouldn't have
gotten away…!"]

 

Ram stared, oddly at a loss for what she could say.

 

Rem couldn’t bring herself to look at that child’s face at all. Such childish behavior, from a
girl who normally managed to be so well-mannered…

 

[“For… Nee-sama…” Rem clenched her fist so tightly it started to bleed. “I will…!"]

 



[Frederica lowered her eyes, unable to bear the sight of Rem acting like this.]

 

In the present moment, Frederica did much the same. It was — hard, to see a young girl who
was normally so composed…

 

[“—Ah.” Suddenly, Frederica noticed something. She ran up to the wall. "Could that
be...?”]

 

It was hard — even though Frederica already knew that Rem had been completely right.

 

[“Frederica-sama, what is that…?” Rem grimaced from the sudden stink, coming from
the small bag that Frederica had picked up.]

 

["Rem, well done."]

 

["Huh...?"]

 

[“Let's meet back up with Master right away. We have to get rid of those who will
disturb the moon festival. —The Witch Cult was here for sure. I believe it now."]

 

“What did you find?” Garfiel asked.

 

“Some nasty artifacts the cultists left behind in an effort to cause mischief,” Frederica
muttered. “It was all taken care of before the afternoon was over, fortunately.”

 

“…Hmph.”

 

—Subaru suddenly broke into a cough. “R-Ram?!” he exclaimed.



 

["Nee-sama,“ Rem blinked. “You have completely different clothes and hair
ornaments."]

 

Garfiel’s eyes widened, and he barked out a laugh when he finally registered what it was that
Ram was wearing. A pink dress, a tiara with jewels, all sorts of frills and soft things that he
had never seen her so much as glance at before in his life—!

 

“It really doesn’t suit you,” Frederica giggled. But it was nice, that Lord Roswaal had
attempted to have such a girlish sort of fun with her on that day.

 

[She looks as pretty as a fairy… Rem thought to herself, admiring her sister’s new look.]

 

Anastasia’s eyes widened, and she broke out into a coughing fit. “That’s not exactly a
compliment, is it?!” she exclaimed.

 

“Pretty as a fairy…” Emilia blinked slowly. Thoughtfully. “Subaru said that about me, once.”

 

Julius choked. “He WHAT?!”

 

“What are you staring at me like that for, you prick?! It’s not like I could have known!”

 

["…Roswaal-sama had some fun and dressed me up in all kinds of clothes.” Ram
looked very much displeased with the situation, but she shook her head. "Putting that
matter aside, Rem, nothing happened to you? Nothing dangerous happened?"]

 

[“I'm fine. But, I'm sorry, Nee-sama.” Rem looked utterly miserable. “I was sure I
found one of the remaining three people, but I let them get away…”]

 



["It's alright,” Ram dismissed immediately. “Don't worry about it. Rem's safety comes
first. Retribution…should be carried out by the two of us together. Isn't that right?"]

 

["…Yes."]

 

Retribution didn’t matter at all, when compared to the value of her little sister. Ram was
fairly certain that that was what she had really wanted to say.

 

(Part of her wished that she had gone ahead and said it.)

 

["Rem,“ Roswaal said. “First of all, this is a glorious achievement. Had nobody noticed
that this was left behind in the alley, a terrible disaster might have happened in the
Capital. Truuuuly a great feat."]

 

["Is it really that big of a deal?" Rem asked.]

 

["This isn't something that is dangerous by itself. But if it's left alone for a long time,
there's a high chance for it to harm those around iiit. —Inside there is a magical stone
soaked in miasma... They're called magical miasma stones. If you swallow it, you might
die instantly, so you shouldn't it eat them no matter what."]

 

“What kind of idiot would start eating rocks?!” Otto demanded.

 

Garfiel twitched, shrinking backwards as he recalled his gnawing habit. He was glad that
nobody was looking his way.

 

[“There is no idiot out there that would swallow a stone,” Ram said flatly.]

 

["Exactly. If it's a human, they wouldn't make that mistake.” Roswaal closed one eye.
“If they're human."]



 

“—Oh,” Anastasia said, in the present moment. “The cultists were going for animals.”

 

Subaru blinked rapidly. “What?” he asked. “Why would they do that?”

 

["Only the criminals themselves know who the real targets are,” Roswaal said. “Still, if
the miasma slips by for too long, people will go mad. Animals are no exceptions either.
Plus, there is a theory which says that they become mabeasts by taking in magical
miasma stones…"]

 

Subaru stared at the media in disbelief.

 

“…It is one theory,” Julius said after a moment. “To my knowledge, it has not yet been
confirmed. Though, it is considered enough of a risk that the rumor has become common
knowledge within Lugunica.”

 

“…So the beasts in the forest,” Subaru said, in a voice that was rather small. “They may have
once been regular dogs?”

 

“None of that.”

 

The sharpness of Ricardo’s tone made Subaru jump.

 

“They were threatening yer home and yer life,” the mercenary said firmly. “Doesn’t matter
what they may or may not have been before: ya had no choice but to do what you did.”

 

Emilia smiled, feeling oddly sad. She had always known it, but times like this reminded her
all the more that Subaru — really was a kind boy.

 



["Animals eating magical miasma stones... That's how mabeasts are born?” Back at the
village, Rem remembered, the adults had always had to hunt them and drive them away.
“I'm pretty sure Nee-sama's first prey was a mabeast, too"]

 

Julius blinked. “What?” he asked, shock entering his voice.

 

[“…Yeah, it was a Guiltylowe. Even though it had a large body, it was stupid, so I had
no trouble."]

 

Julius stared, shock evolving into disbelief. He had come to understand that little Ram had
been beyond powerful, but…

 

For a first kill — a Guiltylowe?!

 

Ricardo chuckled at the look on the knight’s face. Though, it wasn’t like he didn’t agree with
the sentiment.

 

—Ram remembered having to hide her hunting excursions from those in her village, as they
wouldn’t have allowed a young girl to accompany them into the mountains like that. As far as
she remembered, she had never told anyone about it all.

 

[“That story makes me wonder what you'll be in the future,” Roswaal said.]

 

But that was just as far as she remembered. …Had she told Rem?

 

[I’m glad that I prevented a disaster in the Capital, Rem thought. But I still regret that I let
the enemy escape. And worst of all—!]

 

["—Is that the only magical miasma stone set in the capital?" Rem asked.]

 



Tivey hissed softly. “That’s a good question.”

 

“Probably not,” Hetaro muttered.

 

[Those onscreen were coming to a similar conclusion.]

 

[“The Witch Cult's goals…” Ram pondered, and then she shook her head. “There's no
use in guessing what those lowlifes are thinking, but this is clearly a trap that
indiscriminately aimed for an unspecified number of humans. I can't bring myself to
think that those low-lives would do this little when they're people who do so much."]

 

[Roswaal hummed. “So what do you make out of this?"]

 

[“I figured it out with a map when I was walking around town,” Ram said.
“Considering how big the Capital is and how many areas the magical miasma stone
could affect... Worst case scenario, there are 24 more places with traps. That's what I
would do."]

 

Crusch broke into a cough. “What YOU would do?!” she exclaimed.

 

[Frederica’s eyes flew wide. Rem recoiled, startled. "—Nee-sama!?"]

 

“It’s the obvious way to think, is it not?” Somewhat surprisingly, it was Lady Anastasia who
came to Ram’s defense. “If ya want to understand yer enemy, then ya gotta understand why
they do the things they do as best ya can.”

 

“Even witch cultists operate under some set of logic,” Felt agreed. “It’s a wicked sort of
logic, but if ya can figure out a way to follow it, then that’s the best way to figure out how to
fight back. I don’t see a problem, here.”

 

Frederica shifted uneasily. Perhaps they were right. But, still…!



 

["I do pretty much agree with your conjecture…” Roswaal said, the only one on the
meteor who had a look of quiet admiration in his eyes. “But do you have an idea of
where they're set up and how many?"]

 

[“If it was me,” Ram dismissed. “I wouldn't choose a roundabout way like stones to
hunt prey in the Capital."]

 

["I see. —You always exceed my expectaaaations."]

 

[Rem stared at the two, looking completely lost. Frederica had a similar expression on
her own face.]

 

Garfiel curled his lip. He hated moments like this, when Ram and Roswaal seemed like the
only ones who could understand one another. —He hated it even more, when he saw it
happening such a very long time ago.

 

[“Then I will now assign roles to each of you.” Roswaal cracked his knuckles, regaining
Rem’s attention. “There are people who have evil plans for the moon festival, so how
about we smash their scheme into bits and pieceeees?"]

 

["All right, Master.” Frederica gave an elegant curtsy. “So what are we going to do?"]

 

[Roswaal nodded approvingly at her ready obedience.]

 

And so they formed a plan. Roswaal and Ram would go to the nearby station, where they
would lead the city guards in a search for the magic stones around the city. Meanwhile—

 

["Rem and Frederica will carry out the search and destroy mission in the city,” Roswaal
declared. His smile he disappeared from his face, perhaps due to how he was defying
Ram’s unspoken order to not make her little sister do anything dangerous.]



 

“What?!” Ram exclaimed in the present moment. “We sent Rem to—?!”

 

[The Ram onscreen looked equally opposed to this plan, if not more so. But
unfortunately for her—]

 

["—I'll do it,” Rem declared. “Let me do it."]

 

Frederica winced. She thought she remembered being sent off on her own to do that. —It
made more sense, now, knowing that she hadn’t been entirely alone.

 

[“It'll be fine, Nee-sama,” Ram assured her worried sister. “Besides, I absolutely can't
miss this chance."]

 

["Wait, Rem,” Ram protested. “Please don't rush by yourself. I…”]

 

Mimi could see the worry in that older sister’s eyes, as her younger sister prepared to rush off
into danger without her. —She couldn’t really give her props for feeling the bare minimum
that a big sister should feel. Not when it was already clear that she was about to let her little
sibling rush off regardless.

 

["I'm not rushing by myself,” Rem said, gently removing Ram’s clinging fingers with a
smile. “Nee-sama and I are always together. It's always the two of us. So, the retribution
will be carried out with the use of both of our powers, too."]

 

“It’s always the two of us.” For some reason, that sentence stabbed Ram in the heart more
harshly than almost anything else she had seen or heard so far.

 

“It’s always the two of us.” Until it wasn’t, and she hadn’t even noticed until Subaru had…

 



["Ram, it'll be fine,” Frederica assured her. “Rem won't have to fight alone, nothing
like that. I'm someone who regrets not being at the basement on that day, after all.”]

 

Frederica winced. That incident in the basement — had additional context that she had not
been aware of. Perhaps she wouldn’t have wanted to be there after all.

 

[“Frederica…” Ram trailed off.]

 

(Or perhaps she could have stopped Rem before she had sunk her teeth into that habit in the
first place.)

 

(…Was she even capable of such a thing? She wasn’t sure that anything could have stopped
Rem, in a state like that.)

 

["Have some faith in your senior maid,” Frederica chided with a wink. “I may not look
like it, but I am strong, you know?”]

 

["Relax,” Roswaal smiled when Ram still looked uncertain, tapping her shoulder.
“Frederica is actually stronger than Rem. In the mansion, me or Clind are just about
the only ones who are strooooonger."]

 

Anastasia perked up. “Oh?”

 

["That irritates me since it's the truth,” Frederica said with a wry smile. “Anyways,
leave it up to me. Everything."]

 

“I’m not really a fan of violence,” Frederica admitted. “But if the need arises, I am fully
capable of defending both myself and those around me. …That much is a necessary skill, for
a maid of such a high-standing noble house.”

 



Though — she wasn’t all that certain that she was stronger than Rem. Perhaps back then,
when Rem had still been green and clumsy with her morningstar… But Rem had an appetite
for violence that Frederica would never share, and that would have naturally led to a much
greater aptitude for such violent sport.

 

["Listen, Rem,” Ram finally relented. “If you think you might get hurt, use Frederica as
a shield and run away, alright?”]

 

[“I do at least want to shield her, but I'm not sure how I feel about being told to do it!"]

 

Frederica sighed, shaking her head. Such was Ram’s sense of humor, after all — though it
wasn’t like she could blame the older sister for such a joke being a half-truth.

 

(As a big sister herself…)

 

(Frederica’s relationship with Garfiel wasn’t quite the same. But that just made the one
between Ram and Rem all the more enviable, in her eyes.)

 

["Master, we'll be careful to avoid being seen,“ Frederica said. “So can I have your
permission?"]

 

["Sure thing. If you do your best to run carefully, you won't be found anywaaaay."]

 

[And then Ram and Roswaal left, with Rem waving goodbye until the very end.]

 

Ram watched her old self leave with a heavy heart. She was fairly certain that everyone had
come back safely, this time…

 

But there was no guarantee, while her memories were missing. And if Rem had gotten hurt
once again while she was safe by Lord Roswaal’s side, Ram would never forgive herself. —
Horn or not, she was still Rem’s big sister.



 

[“Frederica-sama?” Rem said, watching in confusion as Frederica beckoned her into an
alley. “I would like to move as soon as possible…”]

 

["I know how you feel. So, I want to help you as much as I can. …Do not tell the others
about this."]

 

“—Look away!” Frederica suddenly shouted, her face turning scarlet as it dawned on her
what they were about to see.

 

[Normally she hides her mouth when she smiles, but now her sharp fangs are…]

 

“Eh?” Garfiel frowned. “Big sis?”

 

“Don’t look at that!” she squawked. “Don’t— Give me at least that much privacy, won’t
you?!”

 

“Huh? Uh—” Otto suddenly turned an even more vibrant shade of crimson than Frederica.
“Oh, OH—!”

 

[“…U-Um, Frederica-sama?” Rem asked in confusion, watching as her senior maid
proceeded to strip off her clothes. “We’re outside, you know?"]

 

Pandemonium erupted within the theater walls.

 

“What are you DOING?!” Crusch shrieked, rapidly moving to cover her face. Wilhelm
practically dove to the side, turning his entire body away from the meteor in a panic.

 

“Don’t look!” Mimi shouted, practically knocking her two little brothers to the ground.
“Neither of you are allowed to— Frederica’s a woman, so—!”



 

“I’m not! I’m not looking!”

 

“Onee-chan—!”

 

Julius had practically dove to the side himself, shrieking in a frantic attempt to drown out the
reality of what was happening on the meteor. Subaru had done much the same, alone in his
jar. Ferris, who had seen many naked people of all shapes and sizes throughout his time as a
healer, couldn’t help but cackle at the overreaction.

 

[“I know,” Frederica confirmed, her face pink. “But I have to do this!"]

 

“Why?!” Rachins shrieked, his face having been almost immediately covered by Felt and
Rom’s frantic joint effort. Not as though it was necessary, with how quickly he had tried to
cover his eyes himself, but perhaps they hadn’t been calm enough to notice. “Of all—
WHY?!”

 

Felt had something of an idea, but even in the midst her hasty attempts to preserve the
woman’s dignity, she couldn’t stop laughing for long enough to spit it out.

 

“—Ricardo?” Anastasia teased. “Aren’t you gonna…?”

 

“I’m covering my eyes, ain’t I?” he replied, having politely shielded his gaze for young
Frederica’s sake. “But really: I used to bathe little Ana-bo back when she was a little runt on
the streets of Kararagi, eh? I already know there ain’t anything worth seein’ up there.”

 

Anastasia swatted him lightly. “Don’t be crass.”

 

Reinhard tilted his head. He has covered eyes as Frederica had asked, but he didn’t really see
what the big deal about this was. Beatrice sighed: as a Great Spirit, she was in a similar boat
herself.



 

Emilia giggled at the sound of everyone’s panicked voices. She felt bad for Frederica, but it
was very funny to witness everyone racing to cover their eyes at such an unexpected sight.

 

[“Rem,“ Frederica said, now fully in the nude. “Please don't scream."]

 

[Frederica closed her eyes, and then—]

 

“—It’s safe!” Frederica finally called, her face beet red. Everyone else had turned away at her
request, so she was the one left watching to make sure that the coast was clear. “It’s safe.
I’m… I’m not…”

 

“A-Ah,” Garfiel said, still shaking slightly from the sudden panicked shot of adrenaline. “So
that’s what ya were doing…”

 

[“It’s my beast form, characteristic of half-beasts,” Frederica explained.]

 

“A warning would have been nice…!” Rachins cried, face still bright red.

 

["Y-You can talk like normal?!” Rem exclaimed.]

 

["I am still who I am, after all. That's just natural."]

 

Frederica sighed, her heart rate finally, mercifully, slowing down inside of her chest. "I'm not
the one who chose to show something like that, you know..."

 

["Good job not screaming, Rem.” Frederica suddenly blinked. “Wait, why are you
patting my head?"]

 



Frederica’s eyes widened. “Rem?!”

 

"Ah?" Garfiel asked. Otto choked.

 

Rem’s face turned a fresh shade of scarlet.

 

["Oh, my hand just kinda…moved on its own…”]

 

"Oh," Emilia said. Her head began to turn to the side. "So, she's like..."

 

One by one, every member of the theater turned to look at the same person. Every one of
them was thinking the exact same thing.

 

“—What are all of you looking at me for?!” Subaru demanded, his face turning even redder
than Rem’s.

 

[“Hey, don't just tickle my neck like that! Plus, we don't have time to fool around. Here,
get on my back please."]

 

["—?! I can grab onto you?!”]

 

[“I wasn’t expecting you to be so interested…”]

 

"What?" Subaru demanded, cheeks growing darker by the second. "What?!"

 

“…So we’ve got TWO first-rate fur connoisseurs here,” Ricardo noted. “That’s good to
know.”

 



Subaru squawked loudly. If possible, Rem’s face grew an even brighter shade of scarlet. “Just
what are you insinuating here?!” she demanded.

 

"Just the obvious, o' course," Garfiel said.

 

Otto sighed. "Do we really need two of...?"

 

"—! I don't know what you're trying to say about me, but—!"

 

Frederica lifted a hand to her mouth to hide her giggles. She hoped nobody noticed that her
cheeks were dusted pink.

 

[“Found the second one,” Rem growled.]

 

The mirth immediately drained from the room once again at the seriousness of her tone. One
by one, everyone’s eyes refocused on the meteor.

 

Ah. Ram grimaced. So that was what that man had looked like up close.

 

[A sluggy, short, somewhat fat man, who looks so ordinary that you’d lose sight of him
instantly if he stepped into a crowd. —Not that it’ll help him now.]

 

“Sado,” Frederica and Ram said as one. They startled, blinking at one another from across the
room.

 

But obviously they knew. Frederica wouldn’t forget the name of the cultist she had chased
down on that bizarre day, and Ram would never forget the men who stole her horn and razed
her village to the ground.

 



["What a perfect spot for evil schemes,” Frederica said.]

 

["It's also a perfect place for a scoundrel to suffer a lonesome death,” Rem snarled.]

 

The venom in her voice made Rem shrink backwards. Coming from a little girl who, just a
few minutes before, had been acting like any other little girl…

 

But of course, that was what the need for vengeance did to the soul, was it not? Wilhelm
could only pray for the girl’s good fortune, so that she may obtain that soothing balm to the
pain that ached away at her core.

 

["…I sensed the unfavorability of the wind's direction,“ Sado noted. “I didn't notice the
beast smell."]

 

["Rem was right about the enemy being careful with the wind,” Frederica noted.]

 

The girl had good battle instincts. Rom had expected that much, given how easily she had
cornered Subaru back in the forest, but it was still unnerving behavior to witness in such a
young girl.

 

—Rachins shrank back. “That face…” he muttered. “It looks — off.”

 

He half-expected Felt to cuff him over the head and scold him for being a wimp. Instead, she
curled her lip. “I know what you mean,” she agreed in a low voice. “That look in his eyes…”

 

It could hardly be called a look. It didn’t seem that he had given up, or that he was regretful,
or because of anything else. It more came off like the man before them didn’t even have any
emotions at all.

 

“Creepy,” Ferris muttered, having a similar train of thought himself.



 

“All witch cultists are creepy,” Tivey replied darkly. “Inhuman things…”

 

["You look calm,” Rem said, having noticed his odd behavior herself. For all that the
man was capable of blending into crowds, anyone would be able to notice something
that undeniably strange if they were looking at him on his own. “Did you not notice the
headwind with your wind reading skill that you're so proud of?"]

 

[“…Letting emotions come out in wind and waves is for second-rate wind readers,”
Sado said, with a voice like stone. “I won't make a fool of myself like that."]

 

["You should probably go ahead and let it all out. Since, soon enough…” A white horn
began to grow from Rem’s head. “You won't even have that freedom anymore."]

 

Even when it belonged to just a little Oni, the sight of that horn sent a chill down Rachins’
spine. He wasn’t sure if it was because it were an Oni, or if it was because that Oni was Rem.

 

Julius felt his own hairs standing on end. It wasn’t really fair, he knew, but he couldn’t help
it. An Oni was the kind of monster that instilled fear in others merely by stepping onto the
battlefield, after all.

 

["...A horn, huh.” Sado’s expression had changed for the first time. “I see. A survivor
from that day of the burning of the hot wind."]

 

["You will burn to death in the embers of the fire you created."]

 

["...I'm a wind reader. Suffering a ridiculous death like that is the one thing that will
never happen."]

 

Ram almost laughed at that ridiculous statement. Whether it be swords, devils, flames, or
wind, it was the proper course of things for one to be destroyed by what they had relied on.



That was the way of the world.

 

For a wind user to think that he would never be felled by wind—

 

(Well, Ram recalled. The nature of his death had certainly proven that idiocy wrong.)

 

["—Well.” Rem drew her chosen weapon — the morningstar from the basement
warehouse, which Roswaal had instructed Clind to readjust. “We’ll see about that."]

 

The theater stilled at the sight of that weapon, which had become tied up in all sorts of
complicated feelings.

 

[If one is hit by this directly, their body will turn into meat; even if they have armor and a
helmet on, they'd turn into meat from the impact; even if, say, they were a mabeast, they'd
turn into meat. In any case, this weapon of mine has the power to turn things into meat.
That was how Rem thought of her morningstar.]

 

Emilia swallowed, remembering someone very dear to her who had twice been turned into
meat by that vicious weapon.

 

Rem shifted uneasily. That — was definitely an accurate description of her weapon. But for
her to willingly wield such a thing…

 

[This was Rem and Ram’s revenge, so Frederica sat nearby. If Rem lost the upper hand,
Frederica would reach out for her. Nothing more.]

 

Frederica swallowed. She remembered just — sitting there, while someone else prepared to
engage the Witch Cultist. She had wanted to intervene, but she had restrained herself.

 

She had wondered a couple of times why she hadn’t done anything. This answer felt
somewhat unsatisfying.



 

[And with that — the fight began. Or it should have, except—]

 

[“Too cocky,” Sado said, having dodged Rem’s attempted blow to the shins. “You should
have almost killed me with that first attack."]

 

It didn’t really matter. Sado hadn’t really intended to say and fight, after all.

 

Instead, he had—

 

“Whoa!” Garfiel gasped.

 

["Is that flight magic?!” Frederica exclaimed. “There are people out there besides Lord
Roswaal that can use it?!”]

 

["…Sorry to disappoint, but this isn't that sort of high-class magic. It's wind riding
that's just for show."]

 

Otto breathed a sigh of relief. One person in this world who could do that was already more
than enough, as far as he was concerned.

 

["Do you really think you can escape just by..."]

 

["…Of course, I don't think that I can escape just by flying. However. I had a feeling
that the wind's direction was bad. It would only be natural for me to prepare wind
protection, don't you think?"]

 

["—Rem!" Frederica’s voice called out a warning.]

 



[And when Rem looked down—]

 

“Shit!” Otto gasped, his anxiety resurfacing for a very different reason from before. So many,
many cultists, all spilling out onto the streets like ink—!

 

["... l'm someone who likes insurance,” Sado said blankly. “I do set the magical stones
myself, but that doesn't mean I travel alone. I can use others for guards. It's the usual to
prepare wind protection when reading the wind, too."]

 

“Od damn it—!” Wilhelm swore loudly, realizing what the cultist was planning moments
before the two girls onscreen.

 

[“You're going to run away?!” Frederica shouted.]

 

["…It's only natural if you think about it. I have no reason to fight here."]

 

[“Witch Cultists—!" Rem snarled.]

 

Crusch cursed under her breath. It made sense, of course, especially for someone who seemed
to feel nothing at all. This was the sort of creature who would perform tasks, do his work, and
strive for nothing else. Matters of pride wouldn’t mean a thing to someone as cold and
unfeeling as this.

 

But how infuriating it must have been, to face the person who had wronged you so and be
told that you weren’t even worth their—!

 

[“...l don't feel like being named, nor do I feel like hearing names,” Sado said, in his
usual toneless voice. “Now, perish by the wind, little Oni." And then he gained altitude
and left.]

 

“Coward!” Subaru spat out. “You absolute—! What kind of dirty, rotten—!”



 

“Indeed, I suppose!” Beatrice agreed hotly, though it was more for Subaru’s sake than
anything else.

 

["Get out…of my way!!" Rem roared. Because all of the witch cultists were throwing
themselves at her in their leader’s stead. Their skulls exploded, blood and spinal fluid
scattered, and yet they still kept—]

 

Emilia recoiled at the sight of such brutality. She couldn’t begrudge Rem for it, of course —
not in a situation like this. But still…

 

[It was all to protect Sado while he was escaping, of course. For that, Rem cursed them
all. Foul-smelling cultists, greedily getting in the way of mine and Nee-sama’s dearest
wish…!]

 

“Rotten pieces of shit, all of you—!”

 

“Drown yourselves in the river, why don’t you?! None of you are even worth the air you
breathe, in fact—!”

 

Rem smiled slightly at the continuous show of camaraderie. Though, considering who else
had once been on the end of that brutal weapon…

 

She knew that Subaru was nothing if not well-intentioned, but that just made the feelings
invoked in her by his clear support all the more mixed.

 

["We can't deal with this many…” Frederica gasped. “Rem, grab onto me! We're
withdrawing!"]

 

“What?!” Wilhelm demanded, eyes wide with shock and outrage.

 



“What else would nyew expect her to do?” Ferris muttered. The facts left a bitter, bitter taste
in his mouth, but he spat them out regardless. “They’re outnyumbered and outmatched. They
can’t chase down that madman if they’re dead. —Nyot everyone is as strong as nyew are,
Old Man Will.”

 

Wilhelm gritted his teeth, but he knew that his Lady’s knight was completely right.

 

[Rem knew that Frederica’s plan was best. But—]

 

["—If that man escapes now, he'll never show up before us again!"]

 

And that was also true, most likely. Sado didn’t seem the type to risk death for the sake of his
own pride. Crusch reckoned that if he left now, he would be careful to make sure those sisters
could never find him a second time.

 

Felt hissed softly. That bastard really did get them good, didn’t he?

 

["And yet…” Rem gritted her teeth, feeling herself grow weak. She didn’t have it in her.
She couldn’t fight forever. She had the enemy right there, and…!]

 

“Well,” Anastasia murmured. “No matter what happens, ya gotta live.”

 

["—If you're going to blame someone,” Frederica said. “Blame me." And then she
picked Rem up in her mouth by the waist, without even listening to her complaints.]

 

Garfiel’s eyes widened. “Big Sis?!” he exclaimed.

 

“Well…” Frederica rubbed the back of her neck.

 



She already knew that Sado had not survived that day, in the end. But she also knew that Rem
never would have forgiven her if he had managed to get away. That little girl would have
blamed her forever, with a ferocity far worse than her young self would have known to
expect.

 

But still…

 

“What else was there to do?” she murmured.

 

She came up with nothing. Even now, with all the context and knowledge and life experience
that she had accumulated throughout the years, Frederica believed that she still would not
have chosen any differently.

 

Garfiel watched his sister’s face with amazement, and felt pure admiration well up within his
soul.

 

[But before Frederica could kick off the ground for an escape—]

 

["—Stop right there."]

 

The entire theater seemed to screech to a halt.

 

Felt nearly choked. “REINHARD?!”

 

“Ah.” Reinhard blinked. “I…believe that I remember this.”

 

Or — part of it, in any case.

 



[Powerful words. A powerful entity. The very manifestation of power was descending
from the outer wall surrounding the Capital…!]

 

[The moment Reinhard’s feet touched the ground, a shock wave was produced, sending
witch cultists flying through the air.]

 

Julius felt his breath catch in his throat. No matter how many times he saw the knight in
action, Reinhard always appeared to dazzle him effortlessly.

 

(This would have been a little while after he had met eight-year-old Reinhard for the first
time. Perhaps a year, or maybe a little more than that. But he could still see the quality that
had inspired him to fervently chase the role of knighthood, in that figure standing there. —He
believed he would always be able to see it, for as long as Reinhard stood before his eyes.)

 

—So that was what Reinhard had looked like, when he was a little kid. Rachins could hardly
conceive of Reinhard as ever having been a child, but… He supposed everyone had to have
been a child at some point.

 

Felt huffed. All those years ago and Reinhard still looked exactly the fucking same.
Ridiculous.

 

[At the sight of this newcomer, absolute terror gripped Rem’s Oni instincts in an utter
vice grip.]

 

Terror. Beatrice thought that reaction was apt.

 

[A flame, she thought. A flame is walking towards us…!]

 

“A flame…” Subaru mused over that. “Seems like an apt description, really, with a shock of
red hair like that.”

 



“Hmm…” Emilia titled her head. “I always thought it looked more like the color of candy
apples, really.”

 

—Quietly enough that nobody noticed, Reinhard’s heart had turned heavy.

 

[ "You see,“ young Reinhard said, smiling. “The guards were making a ruckus, and a
large cat was jumping all around the sky. Even if it's the day of the moon festival, I
thought something was off."]

 

[What is it? Rem wondered, completely ignoring the boy’s attempts at jest. What is this
entity standing right before me, smiling? Whether it was an adult or a child, it definitely
isn’t the same type of life as one.]

 

Reinhard wasn’t sure why his stomach appeared to have tied itself into a knot: he knew how
people saw him, after all. There was no reason for Rem’s view of him to be any—

 

["—Nee-sama,” Rem breathed.]

 

Reinhard paused.

 

[Somehow, the being before me is someone of the same ilk as…!]

 

Felt snorted, and then dissolved into giggles. “—Ya called my knight yer sister?” she teased.
“What a first impression that must have been…!”

 

["Sorry,” Reinhard apologized. “Unfortunately, I'm not your sister. I do know that my
face lacks manliness and toughness, but this is the first time l've been mistaken for a
girl."]

 

["N-No…that's…not what I meant…"]



 

It was kind of funny, sure, but Julius found himself unable to laugh. After all, it was…

 

Just how powerful had Ram been before she had lost her horn — for Rem to have considered
her and Reinhard to be of the same ilk?

 

Having similar thoughts nearby, Rachins inched away from the hornless Oni. Just to be safe.

 

["Alright, we can't spare the time to talk right now. That's how you guys feel, right? —
If you don't mind, I will handle these guys. I was already patrolling this area for my
father, anyway. I'm the one who should fight them."]

 

Wilhelm startled. “Reinhard,“ he said. “You…?”

 

Felt huffed. Rachins sneered. Both of them had met Heinkel before: the image of that
drunkard as a man who would make his young child take over his duties so that he could go
faff about was one that both could visualize easily.

 

Julius winced. He couldn’t imagine being the son of such a worthless man. For a youth like
that to be taking on the work of the Vice Captain in his father’s place…

 

Well. It was Reinhard, after all. So it was probably fine.

 

["…Are you sure we can leave it up to you?" Frederica asked.]

 

[“As long as you believe that I am capable of taking care of them,” Reinhard answered.]

 

[And there was only one answer to that.]

 



["Was it really okay for us to leave him behind?!” Rem asked, even as the two of them
raced away.]

 

["Rem, you do realize it too, don't you?” Frederica returned, bounding along with Rem
sitting on her back. “There's no need to be so worried about him! He's this
generation's… Actually, the strongest in history…”]

 

Frederica remembered how honored she had felt, to meet such a powerful being in the flesh.
She had been terrified of him, but she had also been elated, and comforted beyond words to
know that he was there to help. Truly, his arrival had been a blessing that day: she really did
believe that much.

 

Reinhard felt an odd emptiness welling up in his soul. He forced it back in the same manner
that he always did, just he had learned to do over the past fifteen years.

 

["Frederica-sama,” Rem suddenly shouted. “Towards the sun!"]

 

["—I see him!"]

 

[A glint of real hope began to show itself in Rem’s eyes. A hungry hope, the kind that
was just sideways from anticipation. “We'll catch up to him soon and..."]

 

[“—Actually, this is bad.” Frederica grimaced. “At this rate, we'll come out of the slums
and will go towards the center of the city and then I will have no place to hide!"]

 

Garfiel sucked in a breath. “Oh, no…!”

 

["That's..." Rem swallowed. “Frederica-sama!” she begged. “Please, go after him!"]

 

Wilhelm gritted his teeth. He knew that Frederica had her reasons. And he knew that those
reasons were good, too. —But the idea of letting that man escape that little girl’s grasp just at



the last second like this..!

 

[Frederica ran as far as she could, but the closer they got to the festival crowd the more
hesitant she became. And soon enough, she had no choice but to come to a complete stop
to avoid being seen.]

 

How aggravating. How infuriating. Even though it wasn’t his memory, even though it was far
in the past, Garfiel felt himself gritting his teeth with a horrible sort of helpless frustration.

 

To be so close, to have the thing that you wanted more than anything right in front of you, but
to be made unable to reach out and take it—!

 

["—But he's right there!" Rem cried.]

 

The sound of her rabid desperation and growing despair grated on Subaru’s ears. He squeezed
his eyes shut, trying and failing to block it out.

 

[I’ll never be able to catch him again once he escapes out of the Capital, Rem wanted to
wail. I won’t be able to fulfill Nee-sama’s dearest wish. Nee-sama won’t be able to
accomplish her goal—!]

 

Ferris’ upper lip quivered. He didn’t know how he would feel, if he knew his Lady had
wanted something more than anything in the world — and he knew that he was about to let
that very thing slip between his fingers. Despair wouldn’t even begin to describe it. Perhaps
there was not a word in existence that could.

 

Even then, even when she was despairing about it being ripped right out of her hands, could
Rem really not accept that this was all for…? Anastasia gritted her teeth, unusually
aggravated.

 

Otto had to avert his eyes from the meteor. This was just too painful to watch.



 

[Sado turned around, saying something inaudible. Rem didn’t know what he was
saying, but defeat welled up inside of—]

 

["—Nee-sama?" Rem exclaimed.]

 

Frederica’s eyes widened, and she found herself lurching forward. “Eh?!”

 

“Wha—” Otto looked completely taken aback. “Ram?”

 

“—Oh!” Mimi leaped up. “Oh, Mimi gets it!”

 

[A shock of emotions that were not her own flowed into the horn on her head, as if she
had been struck by lightning. She looked up at the sky with wide eyes—]

 

“Rem and Ram are—?” Tivey asked. Hetaro could only watch with wide eyes of his own.

 

Ricardo barked out a laugh. “Well, whaddya know?!”

 

“Ahhh…” Anastasia smiled. “Perhaps it is a normal thing between twins and triplets, after
all.”

 

["—Ah."]

 

Julius shook his head, amused and disbelieving all in one. “Subaru really guessed it right at
the start, didn’t he?”

 

[—The next moment, a wind slash going through the sky tore Sado's limbs into shreds.]



 

Rachins squawked, recoiling in his seat. Felt snorted loudly at the sight.

 

 “Bullseye!” Garfiel leapt to his feet, punching the air. “Well done, Ram!” he crowed.

 

“That really was an incredible shot,” Wilhelm praised.

 

Crusch lifted a hand to her mouth. The brutality of that attack was… She had no love for a
monster like that, but for some reason she still felt nauseous. Next to her, Ferris couldn’t help
but turn away from the meteor himself, just barely stopping short of burying his face into her
side.

 

Reinhard suddenly remembered how Rem had conflated him for her sister, just a few short
minutes ago. …Was this sort of feeling the type that he had given the people around him,
when he had shown up to best their foes in their stead?

 

On one hand, that sort of relief was something he could be proud of. On the other… Was it
wrong, to say that this felt somewhat anticlimactic? —Had he taken something away from
the people around him, whenever he had come to save them from their enemies?

 

(Well. That was his job as the Sword Saint, so Reinhard supposed it didn’t matter either way.)

 

Emilia sighed. She was just glad this chase was over.

 

“So that’s when you two figured it out…” Subaru murmured.

 

Beatrice blinked. “Subaru?”

 

“—It’s nothing. I just — I kinda thought they’d known from the very start, is all.”



 

“Ahh…” Old Man Rom exhaled slowly. “So you two really did have that special sort of
connection, after all.”

 

Ram remembered that moment. It had been the very first time she had used her wand, a gift
from Lord Roswaal that he had given her that very day.

 

—So. It had been with her little sister’s guiding hand, that she had known where to aim her
magic spell. That knowledge warmed her greatly.

 

[When Rem and Frederica followed the traces of blood into an alley, they saw a man
lying down, breathing very feebly. Torn limb from limbs with over half his blood
coating the street — he was undoubtedly on the verge of death.]

 

[“As expected of Nee-sama,” Rem praised hoarsely.]

 

…Expected, was it?

 

Ram — decided that it was a compliment. She had taken that cultist apart most thoroughly,
after all. And that witch cultist had been a most hated enemy of theirs. —More than that, he
had been a most hated enemy of Rem’s, which was more unforgivable to Ram than nearly
anything else.

 

["Rem, we don't have much time,” Frederica murmured. “Make it quick and easy..."]

 

Frederica nearly barked out a laugh at that plea for mercy. If she wished for something like
that for one of their enemies, then she was asking the wrong person.

 

[Just as the present Frederica knew she would, Rem shook her head. "I want to ask him
something,” she said.]

 



[Sado had a slight smile on his face, still with that distant quality that made him appear
as a madman."…It...was a bad wind, eh."]

 

Subaru sneered at the meteor. By the look of it, young Rem shared his irritation at that glassy
attitude of the witch cultist that lay in pieces before her.

 

[“You were cut up by Nee-sama's wind,” she spat. “It's all over for you. Is it
frustrating? Do have any regrets at all? That's payback for everyone at the village…”
She shook her head. “No, for Nee-sama."]

 

No, Ram thought. For you.

 

That was fine, of course: it was the whole reason they were doing this. But she did wish that
Rem was more capable of recognizing when something was hers to accept.

 

[“Come on, say it,” Rem snarled. “‘It hurts, I can't take this, I regret it.’ ‘Help me, I don't
want to die.’ …Say it. Say it. Say it!"]

 

Subaru remembered that anger, that pain, that frustration facing down the man he hated more
than anyone in the world. —How infuriating, for the subject of that anger to not care even the
slightest bit. At least in his final moments, Petelgeuse had cared enough to curse his
existence.

 

Rem stared at her own face, colored red with hatred and a desire to know that the object of
her scorn was suffering just as she had wished. That sort of raw and vindictive expression
made her skin crawl.

 

The thing she wanted more than anything — was proof of suffering, of pain, of…

 

But she hadn’t felt anything when she had torn Fogg apart, right? Not guilt, not joy, not
anything at all. —Even as a child, Rem had been a very confusing sort of person, hadn’t she?



 

Frederica averted her eyes. This was painful to watch.

 

["…I pity you, little Oni." And Sado sounded like he meant it from the bottom of his
heart.]

 

Wilhelm audibly snarled, startling Crusch. Of all the people to say such a thing—! The sheer
audacity of those words colored his vision red.

 

[“You're going…” Rem’s horn appeared on her forehead again, and she pulled him up
by his collar so that they were face to face. She grinned in a manner that was more like
baring her teeth. “You're going to say that, of all people?!"]

 

Rachins stared, aghast. Was the cultist TRYING to piss her off?!

 

“No,” Rom said quietly. Rachins startled as the old man answered his unspoken question.
“No,“ he repeated. “He not. …I believe that he means it.”

 

Felt shook her head with a quiet sort of disgusted amazement. Witch cultists really were
something else, weren’t they?

 

[“All winds are destined to die out someday,” Sado said. “My life also will end here
simply because I failed to read the wind's direction."]

 

["That doesn't answer my question! What is your motive!?"]

 

["…Sado. Remember it, and forget it at once."]

 

["Say something! Answer me!"]



 

["Rem, it's no use…” Frederica placed a hand on her shoulder. She looked dreadfully
worried. “He's dead now."]

 

How horrifically anticlimactic. Old Man Rom intimately understood the frustration on young
Rem’s face, denied the catharsis she had been sure was at her fingertips.

 

Ricardo crossed his arms. He understood and all, but — it really was foolish, to place your
hopes for vindication in someone else’s hands. Rem should’ve just been happy that she got to
see that worthless man get torn limb from limb. He was dead, after all: shouldn’t that had
been enough?

 

[“The guards are going to be hurrying over shortly, too. The root of all evil has been
destroyed, and their plan has been ruined. Isn't this result good enough?"]

 

["But..."]

 

["Rem is safe, Ram and Master are safe.” Frederica’s gentle look made Rem falter.
“And I am safe. Is that not enough?"]

 

Julius wanted to say that it was, that of course that was enough. That was what a knight
would say, after all — and what a knight would believe with all his heart and soul.

 

…But. He thought that he understood it, why Rem didn’t think that it was at all enough.

 

Ferris huffed. This entire thing was just…

 

Whatever. He didn’t care.

 

["Looks like things ended safely here too."]



 

“Ah.” Felt gave a wry smile. “There you are, ya dumbass. Missed everything, didn’t you…?”

 

[“Sorry…” Frederica apologized. “For earlier. Are you hurt anywhere?"]

 

["As you can see, I was apparently blessed with luck.” Reinhard spread his arms to
show — not just that he was fine, but that he bore not even a single scratch. “Maybe it's
because you two prayed for me."]

 

Rachins huffed in disbelief. Prayers wouldn’t do a thing, for someone like that.

 

“You really are too humble, man,” Subaru muttered. Reinhard laughed awkwardly.

 

["First of all, I captured all the Witch Cultists that were there. I'm just not sure how
cooperative they were with the investigation. I'm guessing they didn't tell anything. —
That body right there, is he the ringleader of all this?"]

 

[“He should be,” Frederica said, when Rem didn’t answer. “As you can see, he was
killed, so I figure their plan is ruined now."]

 

It hadn’t been as cathartic an ending as they may have liked, Julius understood. But catharsis
or not, an ending was an ending. That was something to be grateful for.

 

["A hint of miasma…” Reinhard noted. “No wonder the guards were running around
the Capital. —But if that's the case, then I guess my work here is done. I should go
home soon, or else my dad will get mad at me."]

 

Subaru blinked. “—What?”

 

[“Your father scolds you?" Frederica clarified, looking similarity disbelieving.]



 

["Yes, of course,” Reinhard said. He suddenly had a very boyish, mischievous look on
his face. “Dad is a serious worrywart, so I can't let him find out that I'm doing stuff like
this. Please keep this a secret."]

 

Julius choked. Ferris snickered. The image of Heinkel, of all people, fussing over
REINHARD, of all people…! Even when Reinhard had been young like this, that idea was
just too much!

 

Subaru stared, amazed. That was right: even someone like Reinhard had to have a dad who
fussed over him and stuff. He had never really thought about it before, but…

 

Wilhelm’s son, he was pretty sure, as well as Reinhard’s father — what sort of man would
that be?

 

Raising someone like Reinhard…he must be pretty great, huh?

 

Reinhard watched admiration dawn across Subaru’s face, and felt his own heart twist. At one
point Heinkel may have been worthy of such an expression, but now…

 

But however many things had changed over the years, with liquor and titles and his never-
changing mother’s face, Heinkel Astrea would always be his dad. Right?

 

["By the way, Miss Half-Beast,” Reinhard said. “The guards will be running over here
sooner or later. If you don't want to shock them, I suggest taking off your fur."]

 

[“Hmph, that's true… But to keep this place as is…”]

 

[“I can preserve this place. Once you're done changing, you can tell the guards about
this place."]

 



["But, that's…not dangerous,” Frederica sighed. “Not a chance it will be for you. …
Thank you for your help, Sword Saint Reinhard."]

 

Reinhard smiled sadly. It was — a good thing, to be relied on to such an extent by those
around him. As the Sword Saint, it wouldn’t be good for those who needed him to worry for
his safety. That would be…

 

His chest felt oddly hollow. He didn’t really understand why that was the case.

 

["I'm a part of the Sword Saint family,” Reinhard responded. A note of loneliness had
entered his voice. “I don't have to bear the responsibility of that name yet."]

 

[But Frederica and Rem were already leaving.]

 

Felt watched Reinhard’s desolate face for a long moment.

 

“…Stupid,” she finally muttered. Nobody else seemed to notice at all.

 

["You've been quiet this whole time, Rem,” Frederica said after a moment, racing forth
with the little girl on her back. She sounded worried.]

 

Ricardo couldn’t blame her for being quiet. They hadn’t gotten any information out of that
man, after all. —Hell, forget information: that man hadn’t even had the decency to give her a
proper reaction. He had just sat there and died and said practically nothing at all.

 

That worthless cultist had even had the gall to PITY her, in his final moments. Old Man Rom
could hardly imagine how much that would have grated on Rem’s nerves.

 

["When we get back and Frederica-sama finishes changing…” Rem finally said.]

 



In the theater, everyone listened patiently for her next words.

 

["Yes?" Frederica prodded.]

 

[“We'll definitely have to find a gift now."]

 

“—Oh.” Rachins blinked. “Right. That’s… That’s what you had been doing.”

 

It was easy to forget things like that, when so much was happening at once.

 

[Frederica's was quiet for a moment. Then—]

 

["Yes, we do,” she purred. “I'm looking forward to getting Master's gift, after all."]

 

["Yes, me too." Rem gripped Frederica’s nape fur tightly.]

 

Ricardo snickered softly. Fur connoisseur, indeed...

 

[I really am one step closer, Rem thought. So, it’s fine to just be happy, at least for now.
Just for now, I’ll forget about my grudge and enjoy this large cat's fur.]

 

Frederica choked, stifling a laugh.

 

…Well. It was — nice, perhaps, that Rem had thought so highly of her beast form.

 

“Still don’t get why you’re all looking at me like that,” Subaru muttered, cheeks pink.



 

[Yes, for now—]

 

["Two left…” Rem murmured.]

 

[For now, I'll forget about the hatred burning my chest and enjoy the Capital's festival.]

 

["Two left,” she repeated aloud, a smile of hatred spreading across her face as she made
her wish. “I swear I'll find them. For Nee-sama…"]

 

For me, Ram thought again. She didn’t bother trying to protest it out loud, but the thought
still made her very sad.

 

“For Nee-sama,” she had said — while giving a smile like that. Felt almost laughed at the
transparency of it all, but she stifled it at the last second.

 

Anastasia crossed her arms, exhaling slowly. But trying to talk sense into a memory would be
a waste of energy and time, add so she leaned back and watched silently as the meteor played
on.

 

["—So?” Ram challenged. “Why did Roswaal-sama bring us along?"]

 

[“I'm sorry that you're so suspicious of me,” Roswaal apologized, smiling wryly. “But
you're overthinking this. I made you meet Grace because I truly wanted to show you
guys signs of new life. There was no one younger than you at the Oni village... Meaning,
you guys never came in contact with a pregnant woman, right?"]

 

[Ten days after the incident at the festival, Roswaal had brought Rem and Ram to the
Miload Manor to visit the pregnant Grace while her husband, Dudley, was on a three-
day business excursion.]

 



Ram grimaced.

 

Rem noticed. “Nee-sama…?”

 

["It'd be perfect if you guys would be there to witness the moment the child is boooorn,”
Roswaal coaxed.]

 

["How ridiculous,” Ram shot down. “Rem and I won't go for a reason like that. Besides,
Grace-sama's baby doesn't know about your expectations."]

 

Ram exhaled slowly. “…I remember part of this visit,” she answered carefully. “It was —
rather bittersweet.”

 

It was nice, to see Grace alive again. Ram hadn’t known her for long, but she was surprised at
the ache that squeezed at her heart at the sight of that smiling face.

 

["Rem,” Ram said later, when she saw that Rem was not enjoying her drink. “Are you
worried?"]

 

["…I achieved retribution,” Rem finally answered. “Out of the four people, I've made
two of them pay. But I got nothing out of the second one, and I'm not sure if I'll be able
to find the remaining two…”]

 

["The captured witch cultists might all suicide…” Ram scowled. “I've heard they would
be as dirty as that."]

 

Ferris snarled. He remembered those disgusting attempts, back during…

 

But of course they would. They were witch cultists, who fundamentally did not care about
the value of life. Could they comprehend it, even?



 

Ram huffed silently. That was an ironic fear for the two of them to have had, considering
what was going to happen soon. She’d laugh if it wasn’t such a sobering memory.

 

—This focus on revenge wasn’t something that Emilia liked very much.

 

She crossed her arms, uncomfortable. It wasn’t that she begrudged the twins their closure, or
that she didn’t believe that those evildoers needed to be punished… But it made her awfully
sad, to think of a life lived wishing for the downfall of the people you hated instead of the
happiness of the people you liked.

 

["Besides,” Rem lamented. “I wasn't helpful at all at the Capital. I have the nose to find
them, but he outsmarted me and got away... If Nee-sama wasn't there, I might have
never found him again."]

 

“Not helpful at all…?” Crusch echoed.

 

Wilhelm stared, aghast. Rem was the one who had detected the cultist, who had sounded the
alarm, who had chased him down, who had engaged him in combat — and she thought she
hadn’t been helpful at all?

 

“All or nyothing, hm?” Ferris huffed. “Stupid…”

 

[Winning so thoroughly against the first enemy had made me cocky, Rem thought. And
after that…]

 

[Roswaal had helped her decide to live as Ram’s substitute. And by trying her best to be
that, she no longer saw her imperfect self. —By training with that weapon, striving to
master water magic, and seeking revenge, Rem felt like she had forgotten about her
past self.]

 



“—Forgotten about…?” Crusch asked, sounding somewhat bewildered.

 

[I’d forgotten about my past self that was a disgrace to the Oni Clan, Rem lamented. Who
cannot not possibly even try to be Nee-sama’s substitute. Who is an imperfect tool that
can’t hope to compare to Ram, the one admired as the Reincarnation of an Oni God.]

 

Anastasia scowled. There was no sense in thoughts like that. If a person wanted to live in a
certain manner, then it was up to them to pursue it with their head held high. Anastasia
couldn’t say that she approved of the conclusion itself, but regardless of that… For Rem to
say that she couldn’t even TRY to be her sister’s substitute…

 

Ridiculous, Felt agreed internally. Whether they’d succeed in it or not, a person should at
least have the guts to attempt to reach out and grasp what they wanted. To not even do that…
Only worthless, gutless folks would quit before they had even tried.

 

—Ferris remembered a time when he, too, had felt unworthy of his place at Lady Crusch’s
side. He remembered when he felt as though he had failed to recall the inhuman, worthless
being that he had been before, that she had rescued from that basement and made into a
human. When he recalled that despair, that desperation, that hatred for everything he had
failed to stand for...

 

He believed that he had grown since then, and now held his head high as he complete the task
that had become his life’s only purpose. —He hoped that Rem would come into her own in
such a manner herself, eventually.

 

Rem shrank into herself, feeling as though that voice were settling a great weight upon her
shoulders even now. How had she ever expected herself to carry something like that…?

 

“Ridiculous,” Ram muttered. “All you have to do is be yourself, Rem.”

 

["Rem,” her old self sighed. “You really are such a fool."]

 



So her old self had felt the same. It wasn’t like Ram had doubted it, but it was comforting to
be assured of that much.

 

[Rem shrank into herself. Nee-sama is right, she thought. I can’t just simply say I'd
accomplish something in place of her. And since the start of the retribution — Roswaal-
sama was the one who captured, confined, and weakened Fogg, and Nee-sama was the one
who killed Sado.]

 

“I don’t think that’s what I meant,” Ram frowned.

 

[Unbelievable, she thought, aghast at her own shamefulness. How I can still shamelessly
say stuff like “Retribution has been achieved”…!]

 

[“—Rem, it's not like that.” Ram set her cup down, touching her shoulder to her
sister’s. “Relax."]

 

Ram would never want to see Rem thinking such awful things about herself. Looking at them
now, Rem couldn’t help but be aghast at how her old self had seemed incapable of grasping
that simple fact.

 

["Don't say you were useless,” Ram murmured. “I was able to shoot down that small
man at the Capital thanks to you. At the beginning, I was also able to figure out that the
Witch Cult was planning something thanks to you. I'm able to be happy and well
everyday thanks to you. Although the last part is what's most important, you're always
contributing."]

 

Julius smiled weakly. At least Ram had known to reassure her little sister. Though from the
look on her face, it didn’t seem as though Rem believed her.

 

Anastasia grimaced, glancing in Julius’ direction. It wasn’t her place to bring it up, but she
knew of a little brother who struggled with insecurities in much the same manner as little
Rem.

 



…She hoped that her Camp could help Joshua stand on his own two feet, someday. Even if it
would take some patience to get there.

 

["You're always doing your very best, and I…” Ram swallowed. “Onee-chan knows
that. So you don't need to blame yourself. There's no need for you take all of it by
yourself."]

 

“Onee-chan,” Mimi muttered.

 

["…Nee-sama,” Rem said softly. With Ram’s hand on her head, she looked as though
she were about to cry.]

 

Tivey felt himself shrink into himself, in response to that reply. Hetaro swallowed.

 

“…Mimi doesn’t want either of you to ever call her anything but Onee-chan,” Mimi declared
quietly. “Understand? Mimi is Onee-chan, and that’s it.”

 

“Yes, Onee-chan,” Hetaro answered. Tivey simply nodded, feeling an ache in his chest.

 

["In fact, I'm the one that—" And then Ram’s throat choked up before she could say
her last words, eyes filled with unusual hesitance and indecisions.]

 

It was strange to see such a look on Ram’s face, when she had always seemed so sure of
herself. Emilia blinked slowly at the bizarre sight that had been set before her.

 

["Never mind,“ Ram murmured. “It’s nothing.”]

 

It wasn’t. Emilia pursed her lips. Of all people, she would think that Ram would know better
than to…

 



But perhaps it was too late to scold her for it, now.

 

[“Besides.” Ram’s tone turned more businesslike. “The enemy's whereabouts isn't
something that should be worried about. I'm sure that Roswaal-sama will find the
remaining two."]

 

["It is Roswaal-sama, but will he be able to find them easily?" Rem wondered.]

 

[It’s not like I don’t believe in him. In fact, he is the one I trust the most, right after Nee-
sama…]

 

…It was, was it?

 

Garfiel scowled. Otto shifted uneasily in his seat.

 

[And then there are my coworkers at the mansion, like Frederica and Clind…]

 

Frederica smiled sadly.

 

[But, of course, none of them can possibly compete with Nee-sama.]

 

Subaru huffed, amused. Of course. Nobody could ever compete with Ram, not in Rem’s eyes.

 

["The Witch Cultists have hid themselves around the world for 400 years…” Ram
noted darkly. “Even if they're found, I have no idea how long it'd take."]

 

“It hadn’t taken long at all,” Frederica murmured. “That’s one blessing, perhaps…”

 



Ram remembered her worries from back then. Forget being worried about when or where
they would strike next: Ram hadn’t even been certain if they had remained in the Kingdom of
Lugunica. And if they had left, tracking them would be…

 

It would have taken a frustratingly long time, no doubt. The flame of revenge continuing to
burn for years, for decades — even now that it was all over, imagining what could have been
was horrifying.

 

—Unaware of Ram’s thoughts, Wilhelm scowled. Whether it took months, or years, or
decades, it would all be worth it in the end. He definitely believed that much.

 

["Don't worry,“ Ram said, smiling at her dear sister even as she worried internally. “It
won't take that long. I mean, it took three months to defeat two enemies… Doing some
simple calculations, it'll take three more months to find the remaining two."]

 

Subaru coughed. “Simple calculations…” he laughed. It was at times like this that Ram’s
sense of humor most took him by surprise.

 

Anastasia only rolled her eyes.

 

["’Doing some simple calculations’…” Rem put a hand to her mouth, smiling. “Oh, Nee-
sama."]

 

They really had been granted some astounding luck over the past three months, Felt reflected.
If that streak continued, they very well could be over and done with this whole mess in just
half a year’s time.

 

Crusch giggled. Leaving everything up to luck was a silly thing to do, but there certainly
wasn’t anything wrong with hoping for a lucky break.

 

["It's not going to go that well, and that's just a fact. I just... I just happened to
coincidentally find the first two."]



 

["—Just happened to coincidentally find them, huh. Yeah...” Ram grimaced. “Maybe
that's right."]

 

It wasn’t. Ram was certain that she had expected as much even back then, but now she knew
for sure that nothing about their encounters with those cultists had been a coincidence. —All
four times, the two of them had had Roswaal to thank for facilitating what had been their
dearest wish. Without him, who could even know how long it would have taken for them
to…

 

(And it was because of that, that Ram would help facilitate her Master’s greatest desire for as
long as she was able.)

 

["Yes, it is... But I'm happy that Nee-sama cares. I'm more relaxed now, though just a
little bit. Nee-sama is as lovely as ever."]

 

[As expected, Nee-sama is amazing, Rem reflected. She knows everything about me. She
tells me the words I want to hear the most when I want to hear them the most, does things I
want her to do when I want it.]

 

…So that was what Rem had thought of her big sister, was it? A person that knew everything
about her, who told her what she wanted to hear when she most wanted to hear it, did things
for her when she wanted them the most…

 

Looking at that description now, Rem couldn’t decide how it was that she felt about it.

 

[That's why— I'll give everything I have to be the replacement for Nee-sama's horn.]

 

The audience shifted uneasily. But — Rem repeated that conviction with such love and pride
and tenderness, after all…

 



(Of those who watched, only Rem, Ram, and Subaru had a certain look on their faces.)

 

[“Yes, I'm looking forward to it. Still…” Ram sighed, unaware of her little sister’s
conviction. "This mansion is boring. There's nothing to do since we're treated as
guests."]

 

["That's… Yes, I think so too.” Rem had to agree. “This is boring."]

 

Subaru knew what they meant. During that first week at the Mathers’ Estate, which he had
repeated five different times, he had always much preferred the versions in which he had
been a servant to the ones where he had been a guest.

 

Anastasia giggled. She had never really understood the appeal of servitude, having always
aimed to place herself as high in society as she could. But she did understand the comfort of
keeping one’s hands busy. There was a definite difference between the luxury of not having
to do anything and the frustration of having nothing to do.

 

“All three of you are crazy,” Rachins muttered, shaking his head at all three contemporary
servants of the Mathers Estate. Felt snickered.

 

[I was always terrible at putting time to use, Rem reflected. Back then at the village,
whenever Nee-sama was called over by the adults for 'duties', I’d wait alone for her. No
friends my age, no adults to look after me, all alone…]

 

Subaru’s face twisted in pain at the very thought. Such a miserable childhood that must have
been, left behind by everyone and rendered completely alone—! He wanted to go back and
give that poor little girl a hug, for having to put up with something like that.

 

["Whenever there's nothing to do like this, it brings me back to the days at the village,”
Ram said.]

 

["—Nee-sama, you're amazing."]



 

["I am, as I'm Rem's Onee-chan, after all…” Ram smiled. “So, what about me is
amazing?"]

 

["You said my thoughts exactly.”]

 

[Ram snorted proudly.]

 

They really didn’t have any good memories of that place, did they? Rem exhaled slowly,
lamenting the waste. The two of them had good memories of each other as children of the
village, certainly — but more and more it seemed as though those good memories were in
spite of the Oni Village, as opposed to having been facilitated by their old home, their old
neighbors, their old family.

 

[This is the first time Nee-sama has brought up the village without it being out of anger or
the desire for revenge, Rem thought to herself.]

 

Rom blinked. “…So it is,” he said quietly.

 

The first time she had remembered it in such a tame context — and she hadn’t even needed to
get her vengeance first. Rather, all that girl had needed to do was sit down peacefully with
her little sister, with nothing else to do but talk…

 

It wasn’t really a place worth remembering outside of that context, Ram thought. A worthless
sort of place full of worthless sorts of people, all stuck in time and with nothing to do but the
same thing, day in and day out. She had done her duty as demanded by her and her sister’s
blood, and then she had never really gone out of her way to think about any of it again.

 

["Come to think of it, there's nothing memorable about the village,” Ram sighed.
“That's why there are more noteworthy points even at Roswaal-sama's mansion. Boring
adults, and a village that never changes. A cute little sister."]

 



[“My lovely sister was there,“ Rem said. “And that's enough for me."]

 

["Well... Yeah. There was nothing, but just running around in the hills and fields was
fun as long as I was with you.” Ram smiled wryly. “Obviously, we can't act as we want
like that in this mansion, though."]

 

Julius sent a sidelong glance Subaru’s way from across the room.

 

Unfortunately, Subaru noticed. “What are YOU looking at?!” he squawked.

 

[It’s been just three months, but so much has…]

 

["As long as Nee-sama is with me, I don't need anything else,” Rem declared. “I'll be
completely satisfied."]

 

Tivey giggled. Hetaro shrugged. Both of them were very familiar with that sentiment, yes.

 

["…But all I did was make you feel lonely in those days."]

 

["Nee-sama had an important role, so it couldn't be helped.” Rem shrugged, smiling.
“Besides, I did fine alone. I would collect a bunch of stones at a river near home and pile
them up. As I made a pile of stones, the evening arrived, and so it'd be another day
where I spent my time properly…”]

 

Ram startled. “Hah??” she asked, eyes wide.

 

["Re-Rem? You wasted time doing something like that…?” Ram’s onscreen self shook
her head, looking similarly startled and guilty. “Sorry, Rem. I'm supposed to be the big
sister, and yet I never noticed…”]

 



Mimi scowled. She was liking Ram less and less as this went on, she felt.

 

[“N-No, it's not your fault, Nee-sama,” Rem said hastily. “It's my fault for being bad at
killing time. And on top of that, I... I'm too weak to have the same duties as Nee-sama."]

 

Rem scowled. What a backhanded way to respond to an apology. Had her old self really been
so swallowed up by self pity that she wouldn’t have realized what a sentence like that would
have done to the big sister who loved her more than anything?

 

[Nee-sama is often apologizing to me, isn’t she…? Rem reflected. She’s full of confidence
and the greatest existence in this world, but she would always apologize to me when the
adults took her away; for leaving me alone, for not going with me, for being different than
me, and for making me feel all sorts of complex emotions. —It moves me so very deeply,
deeper than anything else, that Nee-sama thinks of me so very…]

 

Felt didn’t know what to think of that. To apologize when you felt that you wronged someone
you cared about was the natural thing to do. Reverence like this, for something like that… It
felt so out of place it made her squirm.

 

[“—After all retribution is achieved,” Ram declared. “Let’s put the Onis' souls to rest.
We'll return to the village and tell the souls that have unfortunately lost a place to go
that retribution is over."]

 

[“…Yes, Nee-sama. I want to do that as soon as possible."]

 

["Going to the tato fields and getting covered in mud with Rem will have to wait until
that's accomplished."]

 

Ram remembered visiting the razed village, about a month after — this final incident. She
didn’t remember what role Rem had played in that visit, and that made her very sad.

 



[And so, Ram, who nodded in response to Rem's smile, suddenly headed towards the
door out the room.]

 

[Rem blinked. "Nee-sama?"]

 

“—Ah.” Anastasia giggled, already guessing the punchline from the slight look of annoyance
on Ram’s face. Mimi glanced up at her, confused.

 

[“Since we apparently can't run around in the mansion,” Ram said. “We'll just have to
kill time by getting the adults in the corridor to help us out."]

 

[Then she opened the door, and the two young maids who had been leaning on it fell
into the room, shrieking in surprise.]

 

“Ah.” Ram didn’t recognize one of the two maids enough to put a name to a face, but she
recognized the other. With those long, bunny-like ears of hers…

 

“Limrear,” she murmured. Her heart ached oddly at the sight.

 

“—Adults?” Subaru echoed, sounding amused. “Ram, those two can’t be more than twelve,
can they?”

 

“Most anyone would look like an adult to an eight-year-old, I suppose,” Beatrice said.

 

“Besides: twelve years old is working age, is it not?” Otto reminded him. “Though,
adulthood is very much stretching it.”

 

Subaru grimaced at the reminder. Getting a job at twelve years old…! Lugunica really was a
cruel and unforgiving sort of place, wasn’t it?

 



Anastasia watched Subaru’s shifting expressions with amusement and made a mental
reminder to ask him how, exactly, this custom differed from his homeland.

 

[Oh! Rem blinked, recognition dawning across her face. These girls — they were at the
manor for our first month there, weren’t they? And then they were sent to a different
workplace after they had been trained…]

 

["So you were all being taken care of at the Miload family's mansion,” she concluded.]

 

["Umm, yes, that's right,” Limrear said sheepishly. “Long time no see, Ram-san and
Rem-san."]

 

Julius chuckled. “Just finished maid training, and they’re out eavesdropping on guests?” he
teased. “What are they teaching them, over there…?”

 

["Agh!” The other maid flinched guiltily as a cross-armed Ram delivered much the
same critique. “You see, we didn't mean any harm. It's just, uh, Master... Or well, not
anymore, Madam and Roswaal-sama told us too."]

 

["Roswaal-sama and Grace-sama did?" Ram clarified, squinting her eyes as if
pondering something.]

 

["Yes,” Limrear agreed, exchanging nervous glances with her companion. “They said to
talk to you two since you guys might be bored…”]

 

Reinhard broke into a smile. It must be nice, to have someone who would be worried enough
about such little things that he would send people to keep you company, just because he
worried that you would feel alone.

 

["Nee-sama, come on now,” Rem chided gently, feeling bad for the anxious-looking
girls. “We’ve finally reunited with everyone."]



 

["…It's not like I doubt them or anything,” Ram sighed, looking and sounding as
though she had surrendered. “I can definitely see Roswaal-sama saying something like
that, and we really were bored."]

 

Crusch smiled. Lord Roswaal really was a caring master, wasn’t he? One who concerned
himself with the girls’ best interests at all hours of the day. Even when it came to the little
things, like sending them old friends to keep them in good company while they sat together
in the boring Miload Estate.

 

[“W-Well then,“ Limrear said, bringing a cart inside the room. The sweet aroma
coming from it finally coaxed Rem into relaxing. “Let’s have some tea. We have
permission now, and there's also sweets."]

 

Ricardo chuckled. That was certainly one way to endear themselves to the people they had
been eavesdropping on moments before. Julius shook his head, amused.

 

["Please drink some tea and tell me about some things while you eat sweets…”
Limrear’s eyes turned mischievous. “Like, you know, what's Ram-san's relationship
with Master?"]

 

Crusch coughed out a laugh. What a childish sort of gossip to be… Despite her lack of
memories, it felt faintly nostalgic.

 

["Nee-sama's relationship with Roswaal-sama?" Rem repeated, a blank look on her
face.”]

 

[The girls screamed noisily, blushing bright in response.]

 

“Girls,” Rachins muttered, shaking his head. Felt swatted him over the head.

 



[ "I knew it,” Ram sighed, shrugging her shoulders tiredly. “Good grief."]

 

It really had been a pain.

 

Ram shook her head with a fond sort of sadness. Limrear had survived, but… That other girl
had been lost just a little while after this, hadn’t she?

 

[They were to stay for three days. During the third, Rem made everyone lunch as a way
to say farewell. She received lavish praise for her cooking skills, and she and her sister
enjoyed the warmth of everyone’s hospitality.]

 

Subaru folded his arms, lifting his chin with a smug sort of pride. Beatrice giggled at the
sight.

 

["Dudley had to stop midway because of dragon carriage trouble?" Roswaal clarified,
with the servant who had arrived in the carriage alone.]

 

“Rotten luck,” Garfiel laughed. “Having trouble while traveling — and while he was planned
to meet his guests on the very last day they would be at his manor? Talk about rotten
luck…!”

 

Otto sighed. Privately, he thought it was a very mild case of bad luck: if it were Otto, he
likely would have been derailed in an accident that sent him tumbling onto the other side of
the territory somehow.

 

—Ram and Frederica exchanged looks, from opposite sides of the room. Neither of them
could bring themselves to speak the truth aloud.

 

["Dudley suuuure is unlucky at crucial times,” Roswaal was sighing. “Though it's
always been like that. If Grace was going into labor right now, he'd regret it for a very
long time."]



 

["Master wants to come back to his wife as soon as possible too..."]

 

["I understand how he feels, of course,” Roswaal agreed. A malicious smile was
spreading across his face. “Let's see, if that's the case, then there's a lot of catching up to
do, so I guess we'll go pick him up ourselves. Since we'll make Dudley feel
uncomfortable that waaaay."]

 

Ram exhaled slowly. There had been a different reason, she was certain, for why Roswaal
had decided on such a thing.

 

Perhaps he hadn’t known what he would find, out there. But he had had his goal of helping
her and her sister attain retribution, and that horrible Tome had been designed to lead him
towards his goals by the hand like a marionette.

 

["Aaaaand so,“ Roswaal said, turning back to wink at Rem and Ram. “Let’s take my
dragon carriage. Ram, if you would."]

 

[“Understood,” Ram agreed. “Please wait a..."]

 

[But then she stopped, eyeing the gleaming look in the eyes of the Miload family maids.]

 

Crusch started giggling, in a girlish sort of manner that made Ferris startle.

 

Wilhelm chuckled, at both the meteor and the scene playing out beside him. “Oh, dear.”

 

["…Or well,” Ram corrected. “I was going to go, but since I don't feel well today, you
should ask Rem."]

 



[“You sure?” Roswaal asked. “I hope you're alright. I was sure that nothing happened
last niiilight."]

 

[The maids’ faces brightened even further.]

 

“Wrong choice of words!” Ram shouted. Ricardo lost his battle with himself, his restrained
cackles finally echoing across the room. He wasn’t the only one.

 

["Yes, I'll be fine.” Ram nodded. “As long as you don't say any more unnecessary
things."]

 

Garfiel crossed his arms, scowling. The sight of his face made Otto laugh even harder. “Oi,
shaddup!”

 

[It took Rem less than five minutes to retrieve Roswaal’s dragon carriage and return to
the main entrance.]

 

["Impressive,” Roswaal praised. “Truly excellent."]

 

["She's my little sister, after all,” Ram said proudly. “That's just natural."]

 

Her little sister was indeed an excellent person. Ram had never doubted it, even for a second.

 

Rem saw the slight discomfort on her own self’s face at being praised. It made her tilt her
head in confusion.

 

["I'm glad to see that you're in a good mood agaaaain,” Roswaal smiled, patting Ram’s
head and making her face turn pink.]

 



Garfiel crossed his arms, growling under his breath.

 

[“—Well then, we'll bring back Dudley as soon as possible." Roswaal turned to the
servant who has come on Dudley’s place. “Alright, would you please show us the way?
Think of it this way, every second we're delayed, Grace gets more loooonely."]

 

["Ah, yes! Understood I will guide you!"]

 

Ram stared at the servant with hard eyes, understanding intimately who it was that she was
really looking at.

 

She wanted to say it. But the atmosphere in the theater was such a pleasant one, and she
would rather clutch onto it for as long as she could. Especially because she remembered what
sort of dreadful scene would come next.

 

[Such a choice, to make a servant like him come along, was an unusual one. But
Roswaal being whimsical was nothing unusual.]

 

Roswaal had known, most likely. Or perhaps he hadn’t, but he had been told enough by that
Tome to understand that he had to take the servant with him. Either way, Ram understood
those actions of his in a very specific light.

 

—Though even at the time, she had known better than to think that his decisions and their
good luck in finding all four cultists so quickly had been mere coincidence.

 

["Alright, Nee-sama. We'll be gone for a little bit."]

 

[“Don't cry, Rem."]

 

["I haven't cried over things like this lately."]



 

["Then that makes me feel a bit lonely."]

 

Old Man Rom chuckled. Wanting your charge to grow into their own, and mourning the loss
of that childishness even as you spurred it on… Such was the tribulations of helping a young
one grow up, eh?

 

Felt swatted him.

 

“Ow!” Rom yelped. “What was that for?!”

 

“You were thinking something embarrassing, weren’t you?!”

 

["By the way, Lord Roswaal,” Rem suddenly asked, as the three of them were on their
way. “What do you think of Lord Dudley?"]

 

Crusch tilted her head, finding herself similarly curious. It was difficult to understand that
man’s perspective on almost anything, really.

 

[“Oh?” Roswaal replied. “Did Grace and the maids not tell you about Dudley?"]

 

["Everyone told me that he's a good husband and a good master. Incidentally, I was
wondering what impression Lord Roswaal had of him, so I asked."]

 

["I see. Weeell, my impression is no different from theirs, either. He's a good friend, a
good relative... Definitely a good person. So good that I get a little irritated just by
looking at hiiiim."]

 

Felt huffed, glancing at Reinhard. She knew the feeling.



 

Anastasia chuckled. As a rotten personality herself, she had felt that feeling many times
before.

 

["Irritated, you say…?”]

 

["He's not the one to doubt others, you see. He tries to accept everything. It's a part of
how he married his wife, who had a problem with her Gate, and why he helps with my
hobby."]

 

A problem with her Gate… Anastasia’s chuckles ceased, and her hand subconsciously moved
to her own abdomen. Nobody noticed.

 

Otto glanced at Subaru. Nobody noticed that, either.

 

["Your hobby…” Rem mused. “l guess this is about the ‘Demihuman Lover’ thing. —
Lord Roswaal is a splendid gentleman. That's what I think."]

 

["Hahaha, thaaaank you. Well, even though people talk about me behind my back like
that, Dudley still is more than happy to help me. There were a lot of demihuman maids
in his mansion, right?"]

 

["…He helps you, and yet you feel irritated by him?" Rem clarified.]

 

["He's someone that can believe people without doubting them one bit. Even more so
when he owes the person. Weeeell, anyone could say that, though."]

 

That — sure did sound like someone else they knew, didn’t they? Someone with black hair,
and sharp eyes, and the youthful perspective of a child…

 



Anastasia exhaled slowly. That sort of attitude… She could understand why Roswaal would
feel aggravated by something like that.

 

[I don’t really understand it, Rem thought. But — he likes Dudley, I guess, and also can’t
deal with him very well. …Having innate goodness and being a nice person don’t always
go hand-in-hand.]

 

That was an important distinction to make, Felt thought grimly. She wondered how it applied
to the girl in front of her. —Though, perhaps that wasn’t her call to make.

 

["—I see it,” Rem said. “I think that's the dragon carriage."]

 

Ram grimaced. Here it comes…

 

“Brace yourselves,” Frederica muttered. “It wasn’t a pretty sight.”

 

Otto flinched. Emilia sucked in a breath, her smile slipping off her face.

 

“Big sis—?” Garfiel asked hesitantly.

 

Frederica hadn’t even been there, but the memory of the description she had heard afterwards
still left her mouth feeling dry.

 

“It wasn’t pretty,” she repeated. “Just— It wasn’t pretty at all…”

 

["Master, I'm sorry to have kept you waiting!” the young man called out, severely
agitated. Rem smiled. It seems that Roswaal-sama’s accompaniment stressed him out
more than I thought.]

 



“That young man is Sergei, by the way.”

 

The entire room went still at Ram’s announcement.

 

“…What?” Crusch asked. She sounds somewhat meek.

 

“That man is Sergei,” Ram said tonelessly. She was as reluctant to break the news now as she
had been before, but this was her last chance to prepare the others for what was to come. “He
was the third witch cultist, and he was taken care of by Lord Roswaal.”

 

Frederica’s eyes widened. She had known that Sergei had… But she hadn’t realized that
Sergei was the one who had come to get them from the mansion.

 

Chills went down her spine. A witch cultist who walked, talked, and acted like an innocent
young man was a dangerous, dangerous thing.

 

“…So,” Rachins managed. “So, Lord Dudley…”

 

Ram met his gaze. With that look, Rachins’ worst fears were all confirmed at once.

 

[“I came back with a replacement dragon carriage,” Sergei was saying. “Or rather, I
came back with more amazing people! —Yes, yes, it'll be fine. No, in that dragon
carriage... Ahh, for crying out loud, you'll know once you see it! Oh, young maid, come
on in."]

 

“Here it comes…” Frederica hissed.

 

She wanted to shut her eyes. She wanted to close them, so that she wouldn’t have to see what
she knew was going to be displayed through Rem’s young eyes. She wanted to shut it out.
But she couldn’t bring herself to move a muscle.



 

[Rem obediently followed Sergei up the ramp into the carriage, opening her mouth and
preparing to bow—]

 

Even after watching those who knew what was coming brace themselves so heavily — even
after hearing them warn the others of what was to come — nobody could hold back their
gasps and screams at the sight that greeted them in the carriage.

 

Garfiel shouted something. Otto barely even heard it, his blood abruptly roaring to life in his
ears as he realized what it was that he was looking at. What that mess— That bloody,
disorganized, disgusting mess—!

 

“Shit!” Ricardo swore loudly.

 

“WHAT THE FUCK?!” Rachins shrieked

 

“Who— HOW—?!” Felt sputtered, cheeks tinged green as her wide eyes took in the sight
before her.

 

“—Don’t look!” Mimi cried, lurching before her two little brothers. “Don’t look, don’t look
—!”

 

“Don’t you look either, Onee-chan—!” Hetaro begged.

 

Tivey’s croaked. It was too late. He would never be able to unsee— unsee—

 

Anastasia just stared, mute with shock and horror.

 

[A poisonous sight, Rem managed to think, unable to move from the shock. A sight from
Hell…!]



 

Julius placed a hand against his mouth. He felt as though he might be ill.

 

“Wha…” Crusch whispered. “Wha…?”

 

“—Lady Crusch.” Wilhelm froze for only a moment before he moved to shield his Lady from
the sight. “Lady Crusch, please, do not look at such a horrible—”

 

Ferris was frozen in his seat. He couldn’t move to comfort his Lady even if he had the mind
to think about anything but blood, and pain, and the sacredness of life spat upon by this man
who had seen fit to pervert it into— into—

 

Rom stared, and felt a whole lot of different things at once. He had seen battlefields made
into a mess like this, after all. He had even done the mess-making himself, with his own two
hands.

 

Reinhard stared, and felt nothing. A strange numbness had come over him, and he watched in
silence as the world roared to life around him.

 

[—A sea of blood, a suffocating smell of blood — large, red pieces of meat in a pool of
blood—!]

 

“—Subaru,” Beatrice said urgently. She had barely known that man, and so she didn’t really
care more than a vague sense of disgust. But— “Subaru, please, don’t look at—!”

 

Subaru croaked out something faint. His face was deathly pale.

 

Emilia could only cover her mouth, staring at the sight before her as though it were
something straight out of her worst, most dreadful nightmares. Part of her was convinced that
it had to be the case. Because how could anyone— even a witch cultist—!

 



[“Pieces of meat” is what those are, Rem thought faintly. You can’t call them dead bodies
when they’re this damaged. You shouldn’t call them stuff like dead bodies when their
dignities are damaged this much—!]

 

Dimly, somewhere behind her shock and disgust and horror, Rem questioned her own word
choice. Hadn’t she been proud of her morningstar, which she had praised as a weapon that
turned people into meat?

 

["The one inside is Master,” Sergei said, pointing at the pieces of meat. “And the two in
the front are the driver and the real servant."]

 

—And he couldn’t even react properly to the sight of what he had done?

 

Ferris didn’t understand it. He couldn’t understand it. How could anyone do— How could
anyone SEE this, and speak about it so—?

 

Monstrous, he hissed, somewhere in the back of his mind. Monstrous, inhuman, what sort of
vileness—?!

 

—Rem was staring at Sergei’s face.

 

This sort of attitude…

 

This sort of politeness, this formality, this cordial behavior…

 

These sorts of manners, contrasted against the vicious accomplishment of turning men into
meat…

 

It reminded her of someone, didn’t it?

 



[I feel sick, Rem thought faintly. Her body became weak. She wondered if she was going
to vomit.]

 

["Oo…” she managed. “Eh..."]

 

["Don't breathe with your nose,” Sergei instructed nicely. “Make sure you breathe with
your mouth. Then, if you focus on your stomach, it'll settle down immediately. If you
feel pain, then at your feet there's… Ahh, it might be hard to tell, but the things on the
seat are feet. Start with that to grasp the whole body in order."]

 

“What the—?!” Garfiel shook his head, shock and horror abruptly overtaken by rage. “Who
the Hell are you to say all that shit?!” he demanded. “You’re the one who— who—!”

 

Was the cultist — enjoying her shock, and looking to seep up as much of it as possible? Was
he sinking into the moment with some sort of perverse sense of glee? Or was he simply going
through the motions and maintaining his polite facade until the very end? Rachins couldn’t
tell, and the uncertainty was what made him feel sick more than anything else.

 

Felt didn’t care what the answer to that was. She just wanted Rem to kill this bastard where
he stood.

 

Other people might hear that and be enraged, or disbelieving, or disgusted at the audacity of
the man before them. But it just scared Otto. He stared at the cultist with a rising sense of
panic. Just what kind of person was Rem—?

 

[Why, why, why—?!]

 

[Rem didn’t move. She couldn’t move. Her knees were shaking. She was swaying
slightly as if horribly dizzy. Her eyes had a look in them as though her thoughts had
shattered in her mind. She wasn’t paying attention to Sergei. She wasn’t able to. She
looked as though she were about to collapse—!]

 



Rem couldn’t blame herself for that. She felt much the same in the present moment. Shakily,
she raised a hand to her mouth, trying to quash the growing queasiness in her stomach.

 

Ram squeezed her shoulder. She wished that she could do the same for the version of her
little sister that stood in that carriage, but she hadn’t been there at all.

 

Old Man Rom had already recovered from the shock of that sight, himself. He was a soul
who had already seen many similar things over his decades of life — and been responsible
for or more than one. The initial surprise had been nasty, but it didn’t stick for long.

 

Even though he knew that she, too, had done much the same to those she had decided
deserved it… Rem had to truly be a gentle sort of person at her core, to be so badly affected
by a sight like that.

 

[But, Rem realized. There’s one thing I can sense—!]

 

["—Juuuuust calm down,” the man said. “That's just pieces of meat, after all."]

 

["Witch Cultist…!” Rem growled, noticing the miasma far too late. It’s too late. It’s
fatally late. It’s this strong, why didn’t I notice it—?!]

 

—Why hadn’t she noticed it?

 

Rem didn’t really get it, but there were other things to worry about right now.

 

[Her old self tried to leap backwards, but she fell to her knees. Sergei grabbed her and
lifted her forcefully into the air as she gasped for breath.]

 

["You sure are light,” he marveled. “All Onis have is physical strength, so where does
the weight of their muscles go? I wonder if I'd find out by dissecting one.” He laughed,



still as frivolous and innocent as he was before, perfectly calm. “There was no time to do
that at that mountain, you see."]

 

Ricardo bared his teeth with growing rage. To talk about that crime he had committed so
casually—!

 

Julius wouldn’t deny that he himself held a sort of scientific curiosity about Blessings, and
demihuman nature, and all other aspects of the world that he did not fully understand. But he
could not approve of such uncouth brutality, even if it were in the pursuit of knowledge. He
clenched his fists until his knuckles turned white.

 

[“Ros…” Rem muttered.]

 

["Ahh, you want to ask your Master to save you? Well you can't. All the fun would be
ruined once someone gets in the way of this meeting, right? So…”]

 

[And then the passenger carriage, where Roswaal had been sitting, exploded into
flames.]

 

Shrieks erupted throughout the theater at the sight of the bonfire that had taken over the
screen.

 

“—No way that’s enough,” Wilhelm muttered, hard eyes narrowed into slits. “No way
that’s…”

 

Even if he didn’t already know the outcome — there was no way that would be enough to
best the greatest magic user in the kingdom.

 

["They're the flames that burned your home. Or perhaps the flames that burned your
family. Though, that was a failure."]

 



“—What?” Rachins asked.

 

Independently of one another, Rom and Anastasia both filed that detail away for later.

 

[A failure…?! But it didn’t matter what the witch cultist had meant by that—]

 

Though really, Anastasia was pretty sure she knew who the cultists had been after already.

 

After all, Rom reflected grimly. There were only two survivors. And only one of those
survivors had been granted a title like…

 

[“How's it feel to be so powerless that even your master gets burnt after your village
and family?” Sergei asked. “How's it feel being unable to reach the enemy you hate so
much that you want to kill him, even though he's right before your eyes?"]

 

“You—” Wilhelm was so enraged at this point that he could barely even form words. “You
—!”

 

Crusch, however, was far too suspicious to be properly angry. “What is he…?”

 

["I'll…kill you…!"]

 

["Yes, that's it.” Sergei nodded, absurdly calm and content at the sight of a furious Oni.
“Those eyes, that voice, and that horn are what I wanted."]

 

“What?“ Tivey demanded. “What is he—?”

 

“Kill him! KILL HIM!” Mimi wasn’t listening. It didn’t matter. She didn’t care, screaming
her furious demands to the world on high. “Go for the throat! Rip it out, tear it to PIECES



—!”

 

“—Did he want a fight?” Otto muttered to himself. He knew of idiots who sought out the
strongest opponents for nothing beyond the thrill of it. Was this man another of those…?

 

That wasn’t quite right. Ricardo watched intently. He didn’t think that someone who only
sought the thrill of a fight wouldn’t have gone out of their way to set up a surprise like this.
There was something else going on. There was something else this man was—

 

["Oo…?"]

 

Reinhard’s eyes widened as the transformation appeared to halt in its tracks. “Rem—!”

 

[“It is a beautiful, splendid horn…but power didn't go in like you expected, huh?"
Sergei chuckled as Rem moaned, her horn slowly dimming.]

 

“Eh?!” Mimi demanded, pausing in her cheers. “What—?!”

 

["The mana…” Rem managed.]

 

[“Is being interfered with, yes,” he confirmed. “I was born with this nature. I randomly
contaminate the mana around me. If it's in my surroundings, the mana turns into
poison. That's why it was easy to take control of your village."]

 

Oh no…! Julius sucked in a breath. Someone whose very presence contaminated mana in the
atmosphere was bad enough. For any other magic user, that would be a horrific sort of enemy
to encounter.

 

But for someone like an Oni—!

 



[This is how the witch cultists cornered the Oni Clan, Rem realized, even as she collapsed.
That special characteristic, that turns our horns into a detriment… This is how—!]

 

That — explained a few things. Old Man Rom had wondered how mere cultists could
overcome Setanta, let alone the entire Oni Clan, let alone Ram. But this man who stood there
now, who had been there on the night of the attack…

 

It wouldn’t be inaccurate to call a creature like this an Oni’s natural enemy.

 

["And so,“ Sergei said. “The few survivors, you and your sister, will fall prey to us
too."]

 

["E-Even Nee-sama…!"]

 

["Of course.” The cultist’s voice held a calm sort of cheer that could only be described
as insane. “Otherwise, it wouldn't have been worth going through the trouble to do all
sorts of cheap tricks. We worked really hard for you and your sister.”]

 

…Both of them?

 

Anastasia tilted her head. Ram made a certain sort of sense, but — what would this worthless
lot have wanted with Rem?

 

[“Although…” Sergei said thoughtfully. “I'd thought that the Margrave was going to be
the biggest obstacle, but I didn't expect him to get blown away this easily. —
Surprisingly, it was no big deal. There were rumors saying that he is the strongest magic
user in the kingdom, so I even brought forces, thinking that he was going to give me
some trouble."]

 

“Shit…!” Garfiel hissed, watching as the situation somehow grew even worse. “Shit, shit,
shit…!”



 

[Dark shadows, Rem thought, watching with terror and hatred as many, many witch
cultists stepped out into the light. Countless shadows, malice-filled shadows, foul-
smelling shadows, from every direction—!]

 

Otto croaked. That image, those figures, on a road like that, approaching like that—

 

It brought back some very, very bad memories. He hoped that this scene would be over soon.

 

["Now then, what's left is the fun of choking you out and retrieving you with your
sister.” Scorn filled Sergei’s voice, and he gripped her throat harder. Rem couldn’t fight
back. The amount of harmful mana being taken in by her horn… “I'll be expecting you
to act honorably as a descendant of the prideful Oni Clan."]

 

Rem knew that she would survive, because her present self sat here today. But the situation
looked so hopeless that she began to wonder…

 

[Nee-sama, Rem thought. Roswaal-sama. Frederica-sama. Clind-sama. Grace-sama, the
maids at the Miload Estate…! And yet, all of her thoughts swallowed up by the darkness of
her distant consciousness—]

 

Ram knew that her little sister had survived. She knew that she had. But she couldn’t stop
from reaching over and grasping Rem’s hand tight, shaking all over as she watched that vile
creature’s hand tighten around her throat.

 

Roswaal, she pleaded, already knowing who would fight the cultist and reign victorious.
Roswaal, please, the moment to strike is…!

 

[“—Al Goa."]

 

Otto choked. “Roswaal—!” he shouted.



 

[And then there was an explosion.]

 

So the Margrave was good for some things after all, wasn’t he?

 

Otto was no fool: he knew that this man was still his enemy. But in this moment, watching
this scene here and now…

 

["—Roswaal-sama!"]

 

Never in his life had Garfiel thought that he’d be so relieved to see that clown bastard. As it
was, he felt as though he might just collapse under the weight of it.

 

Ram exhaled slowly in relief. She tried to not let it show on her face: it wouldn’t do for Rem
to realize how frightened her older sister had been.

 

(Rem could tell regardless. She squeezed Ram’s hand comfortingly, and didn’t say a word.)

 

["Now I've saved your life three times,” Roswaal winked. “Peeeerhaps now's about the
time you should seriously think about how you'll pay back your debt for real."]

 

[Held in his arms, Rem weakly started to applaud.]

 

Crusch couldn’t blame her. She was staring up at the Margrave with admiration herself. She
hadn’t considered him the type before, but…

 

Someone like that, who would fight like that on the behalf of those two girls, who had done
nothing but everything he could possibly do to grant them their wishes and give them a good
life since the day they had arrived—



 

Even if his methods were unusual, even if his attitude was eccentric — Roswaal L. Mathers
truly was an enviable Master.

 

["Oi, oi, I'm beaten,” Sergei shrugged, looking amazed. He had leapt away just in time.
“I did consider the possibility of you not getting killed by that, but you not even getting
scratched sure as hell didn't cross my mind. What kind of magic did you use?"]

 

["That's a secret,” Roswaal replied smoothly. “Unlike a certain someone, I'm not an
idiot who shows off his own cards for self saaaaatisfaction. Anyhow, that sure is a
troublesome nature."]

 

Rom chuckled darkly. Intelligence and power were a frightening combination — and that
kind of fright was a welcome thing to feel, when the source of it was standing before scum
like that.

 

["The mana around turns into poison. In other words, the space becomes very troubling
for magic users. To think that Ul magic can actually repress power to such an extent..."]

 

["...Usually you wouldn't be able to cast magic freely either and yet you pulled it off. I'll
have to give you props for that. But this place has to feel uncomfortable for you, huh?"]

 

["It sure does. Buuuut, apart from that..."]

 

—It really was an Oni’s worst nightmare, wasn’t it? The source of their power, the core of
their blood, the very horn that lay at the center of their pride as a race, turned against them
like…

 

Julius could hardly imagine it. What would it feel like, for the very core of your soul to be
transformed into the catalyst of your downfall?

 



[Once again… Rem felt like she was going to cry, even as strength slowly returned to
her limbs. Once again, I am completely powerless…!]

 

—Stop it.

 

Looking at Rem’s tearful, helpless face, Anastasia realized that the only emotion she could
really feel here was pure indignation.

 

Stop it, she wanted to snap. Stop looking at him like that. Stop looking at YOURSELF like
that. Stop wasting time. Get up— Get up—!

 

[“Listen, Rem.”]

 

Anastasia stopped.

 

[“I'll take care of this place,” Roswaal declared. “Return to the mansion and save Ram
and Grace. —I want you to take care of that."]

 

["Roswaal-sama?!” Rem exclaimed. “But…"]

 

And just like that, her Master had snapped her out of it. Anastasia felt a rare sort of respect
welling up in her soul, for a man who was far, far more capable a Lord than she had given
him credit for.

 

(Such surprises were rare, but they were certainly welcome when they came.)

 

["Rem, leave this up to me,” Roswaal ordered. “You should relax. Also, allow me to
deeeeeemonstrate. —Demonstrate how your master is the strongest magic user out
there. I'll burn the limbs of that enemy over there and give them to you guys."]

 



Felt bared her teeth in a wild grin. She had underestimated this man significantly.

 

Go on, she wanted to declare. Go on, and show me just how wrong I was about you!

 

[Rem’s eyes widened. But… We’ve certainly created a bond strong enough for me to
believe that.]

 

["—Good luck."]

 

["You and Ram get home safely, too."]

 

So, she had trusted Lord Roswaal with…

 

Julius stared, amazed. That would be a massive show of trust and camaraderie for anyone, he
knew. But for an Oni, a member of that proud race, to entrust the vengeance of the Oni blood
to someone else…!

 

It was almost unthinkable, in its significance. Just witnessing such a thing filled him with a
sense of awe.

 

[Rem bowed, and then she started to run back to the Miload Estate. She wasn’t able to
rely on her Oni horn, and she didn’t have enough power to dash without it — but she
kicked the dirt and broke through the enclosure, all the same.]

 

[—And then, as Rem ran, growing stronger and stronger, Ram’s synesthesia grew
stronger and stronger.]

 

"Ah," Rachins said. "So, that wasn't a fluke."

 



He hadn't really doubted them before, but a bit of suspicion was healthy, wasn't it?

 

Subaru exhaled slowly. Just how many times had that ability of theirs...?

 

[Her breath quickened. The Miload Estate was in danger. Nee-sama is in danger—!]

 

“Oh no—!” Crusch gasped.

 

“A double-pronged attack,” Wilhelm noted coldly. “—But. Please remember that we already
know who prevails, Lady Crusch.”

 

[Rem understood from Ram’s synesthesia that the garden was set up with countless
trap spells, countless explosion spells, each and every one ready to blow.]

 

Rem sucked in a breath, eyes going wide. Traps—?!

 

[And it was because of her wonderful sister that she didn’t fall for this trap, avoiding
the garden entirely and jumping into the building roof from the outer wall—!]

 

["—You haven't lost your fighting spirit.”]

 

“That’s—!” Frederica leaned forward, eyes wide.

 

“That would be Faust,” Ram confirmed. “The fourth and final enemy from that night at the
village.”

 

[Most wouldn’t be able to hear that voice. But Rem was an Oni, and Ram was her entire
world, and so that voice which was speaking to Ram—]



 

[Rem followed her sister’s advice, avoiding the garden entirely and jumped onto the outer
wall. “I like those eyes,” the voice continued. “Just like an Oni. They're genuine."]

 

["You… should've… seen many of them…” Ram’s voice choked out. Rem’s heart
skipped a beat. Nee-sama—! “…at the village…”]

 

For a moment, Subaru forgot to breathe. To hear Ram’s voice so weak and hoarse—!

 

["I said real ones,” the voice corrected. Rem had leapt from the outer wall to the roof of
the manor, now, and she— “I wanted to burn a real Oni. That wish hasn't come true
yet. —I'm just sad about you. You're such a great wind user that I want to make you my
apprentice. —I thought there'd be no use in asking, but I'll try. Would you become my
apprentice? We'll stand out, be famous, and go around burning anything and
everything."]

 

“—What?” Crusch asked.

 

“Worthless delusions from a worthless man,” Ram dismissed. Her voice was hard as steel.
“Don’t pay that rambling any mind. It’ll just act as rot to your intellect, Lady Crusch.”

 

["I had…always…thought that…”]

 

[Through the pounding of her heart, Rem heard the sound of someone spitting.]

 

“—Ah,” Reinhard said.

 

["When your heart is rotten to the core, your face becomes dirty…” Rem could hear the
triumphant smile in her sister’s voice. Her voice was growing louder and louder as she
raced to where— “You should clean your face with my spit."]

 



Rachins whistled lowly in approval. Felt grinned a grin as sharp as a dagger.

 

Even if the spirit of that response was one that he could not possibly disagree with…
“Ungraceful,” he murmured to himself.

 

Ricardo chuckled darkly, cuffing him lightly over the head.

 

["My apologies for my initial impoliteness,” the witch cultist replied, a note of reverence
in his voice. “You are the real deal. No doubt about it, you're it.”]

 

Ram curled her lip.

 

[Rem could see him now. He was wiping her sister’s spit off his cheek with one hand.
And the other—!]

 

[“Which is exactly why I'll pay my respects and burn you to nothing—"]

 

Subaru swallowed. He knew that Ram would be alright. He knew that this man would…

 

But he could still see her lifeless body lying there behind his eyelids. That horrible sight
would never truly leave his mind.

 

[“Once the explosions start at one spot, it causes a chain reaction,” he was saying.
“Don't you think it'd be a magnificent and splendid farewell gift for a genuine Oni like
yourself?"]

 

The traps in the garden, Rem recalled. The traps that Ram had warned me about on my way
there…!

 



["…ight," Ram murmured. The witch cultist leaned forward, but it wasn’t to him that
she was—! “More…to the right, Rem."]

 

[Rem understood, and from her place on the roof, she swung down her iron ball on its
chain — a little further to the right.]

 

The entire theater had been nearly dead with silence as they watched Rem race and race and
race back to the Miload Manor. But now, as she finally reached her beloved sister at the last
moment, as they watched her finally make it in time—

 

“YES!”

 

The collective shout was so loud it made everyone’s ears ring as one.

 

[—I made it. The blood was rushing in Rem’s ears. I made it. I made it. I made it... made
it... made it I made it I made it I made it I made it I made it I made it I made it—!

 

["…Nee-sama!” Rem cried out, rushing to hug her exhausted and bloody sister with
tears in her eyes.]

 

["You came back,” Ram murmured. “Nice job, Rem."]

 

Even though he had known that this would be the result from the start, Tivey felt about ready
to faint, he was so dizzy with relief.

 

Hetaro couldn’t even imagine. If it had been Mimi there, and himself racing against time
itself to rush home to save her—

 

Mimi bopped him on the head, making him yelp. “Don’t waste time on such stupid thoughts,
silly,” she scolded. “Mimi is here to protect YOU, not the other way around!”



 

["I see,” Ram said, when Rem told her where Roswaal was. “In that case, if, say, he does
die, you don't have feel responsible. Besides, it's not like he'll die, anyway. —Then we'll
have to finish the cleaning before Roswaal-sama gets back."]

 

Wilhelm bared his teeth. What an apt way to describe the work that may before them now.

 

—The way Ram referred to Roswaal, Rem, and responsibility ultimately wouldn’t matter,
because Crusch couldn’t conceive of a world in which the clown would lose to scum like
that. But it was something she couldn’t help but chuckle at. Even in this situation, that older
sister couldn’t help herself from trying to alleviate her precious younger sister’s burdens,
wasn’t that right?

 

["There's no blood,” Rem noted. “So, I didn't kill him."]

 

["…Though I did hear that you're a blockhead that just has a horn, if anything."]

 

Anastasia crossed her arms. A worthless man who couldn’t look past his own biases of what
should be, and thus who couldn’t understand the value of what was. He was just as hopeless
as that village full of fools, who couldn’t take their eyes away from the spot on that one-
horned Oni’s forehead for long enough to see her as Rem, and who couldn’t take their eyes
off of the halo they had drawn above their precious Reincarnation for long enough to see her
as Ram.

 

The world wouldn’t miss fools like that. It would continue to turn, just as it had when they
had been aware enough to consciously avert their eyes away from it.

 

[I can’t sense the smell of a witch cultist, Rem noted. But—]

 

["I will not hold back against men who have hurt Nee-sama and wronged Roswaal-
sama,” she declared.]

 



“I couldn’t…” Rem frowned. “Then, who is—?”

 

["It's Faust,“ Ram muttered, only furthering her confusion. “One of the enemies. One
of the remaining two."]

 

“The reason you wouldn’t have been able to tel was that Faust wasn’t influenced by the
Witch,” Ram explained, at Rem’s confused expression. “He helped them, but he wasn’t
devoted to the Witch like they were. So…it makes sense, that you didn’t sense any miasma
from him.” She pressed her lips together in distaste. “He was an arsonist who loved fire, who
took any opportunity to play with fire, and he was nothing more than that.”

 

["…Then this is terrific." Rem grinned. "The person Lord Roswaal is fighting with is
one enemy. The remaining two have been gathered. —We can accomplish retribution."]

 

["—Yes." There was a strong emotion in that reply, but then it was suddenly gone.
"Let's avenge our kind,” Ram declared.]

 

["Yes, Nee-sama."]

 

Wilhelm subconsciously leaned forward in anticipation. Crusch didn’t know whether to feel
amused or uneasy at his eagerness for bloody revenge.

 

["The Oni sisters are all together, eh.” Faust smiled happily. “Sisters born from the
same woman's womb… I wanted to see the differences between the smells of a real Oni
and a fake Oni. That wish will have to be granted."]

 

Frederica curled her lip in disgust.

 

["Obviously Nee-sama smells better."]

 

Rem’s eyes widened. “Eh??”



 

[“The opportunity for you to confirm that will never come."]

 

“No it won’t…!” Rachins growled, his eyes burning bright.

 

No, it won’t. Ram crossed her arms, lifting her chin high. It hadn’t then, and that worthless
man would never get the chance to try again.

 

[Ram held onto Rem’s back, entrusting everything to her. Rem responded to that trust
with everything she had. Thus, the fight began.]

 

“Go!” Subaru shouted, punching the air. He wasn’t the only one cheering them on. “Go, go,
GO! YOU CAN DO IT!”

 

The rest of the room was cheering as well, but he was the loudest of the lot. Rem glanced
over at him, somewhat amused. He knew that her and her sister’s victory had long been set in
stone, didn’t he?

 

["So light—!" Rem marveled, watching in awe as he was launched across the room by
her blow. Though of course, he wasn’t light at all: as an Oni, even one with only a single
horn, Rem was just absurdly strong.]

 

It was incredible, to watch an Oni in battle. Julius felt as though he were hypnotized by it. A
being of such strength, of such dexterity, of such destruction — it was the sort of sight he had
assumed he would never see, and it terrified him as much as it filled him with awe.

 

—Nonsensically, Rem was reminded of how Sergei had marveled at her own lightness just a
little while before. She didn’t know what to make of that similarity, so she pushed the
observation aside.

 



["Your reading is top notch,” Faust praised, when Ram’s insight allowed for Rem to
dodge an attack from above. “A real Oni's insight."]

 

Ram scowled. An absurd attempt at a compliment from a worthless sort of man.

 

[Faust’s next attack slammed into the two regardless, but Rem was able to withstand it
for the both of them. —The floor beneath them, however, could not, and all three of
them collapsed down into the first floor.]

 

Rachins sputtered, eyes flying wide. “Holy shit—!”

 

Though he kept his own swears to the privacy of his mind, Rom could only agree. The
durability of an Oni was nothing to scoff at.

 

[This explosive spell has the same nature as Fogg’s magic — but I can’t detect it the same
way at all!]

 

“Oh no…!” Julius hissed. Of course she wouldn’t be able to—!

 

“Hm.” Anastasia watched intently. With a handicap like that, how would…?

 

[I don’t have that ability anymore, Rem thought. Despair began to spill into her internal
voice. Now I’m just my pathetic, no-horn self, aren’t I?]

 

“Rem…!” Subaru tried, eyes wide and soulful.

 

“Not the time,” Otto hissed. “This isn’t the time for—!”

 



Paralyzed by her own insecurities at the first sign of difficulty, was she? Anastasia grimaced.
Though now that she thought about it, that seemed to be a bit of a pattern with this one…
How troublesome.

 

[A being back at the village who couldn't do anything but have her sister's back—!]

 

[“I'm fine, Rem."]

 

And for a moment, the clamor within the theater walls appeared to lull.

 

[The world's most precious voice, Rem recognized. One that is kind, passionate, and full
of unconditional deep affection. The kind that makes me forget about our situation,
listening only to that beloved voice that always loves me, is affectionate to me, and guides
me.]

 

That was the voice of an older sister, Mimi understood. She gripped her two little brothers
tight.

 

Was that how an older sister should be? Frederica shifted uneasily, glancing at Garfiel. Was
that how Garfiel felt, when she spoke kindly to him? Or…had she never really managed to
make the cut?

 

Ram stared up at her old self, and her old little sister, and…

 

Ram loved Rem, who was her precious little sister. She always had, and she always would.
But the way that her old self was looking at little Rem right now…

 

An odd emptiness opened up in her chest.  She really had lost something very, very precious,
the day that Gluttony had stolen away those memories of hers. She wondered if she would
ever be able to regain what had been ripped from her very heart and soul.

 



["—Because I'm the world’s best Nee-sama,” Ram declared, from her spot on Rem’s
back. “And you're my little sister."]

 

[And then the world exploded.]

 

“—Oh!” Felt realized. “That’s how the two of you…!”

 

[Rem couldn’t sense them — but Ram could distinguish where the explosions were
coming from before they occurred. It was too loud for them to speak, but through their
synesthesia, the two of them could communicate even faster through their thoughts
alone. And so Rem stepped into the inescapable chain of explosions calmly, her beloved
sister on her back as she danced through the flames and blasts.]

 

Twin sisters, using synesthesia to move as one. Separate parts of a single whole, their joint
effort facilitated by how they loved each other very, very much. It was the sort of thing that
Mimi had never seen from an outside perspective, and she found herself entranced by it.

 

Even as young as they were, they would be a formidable opponent. Ricardo hadn’t doubted
that before, but watching them move like this made the idea of them as weak children sound
utterly laughable.

 

[“Oh,” Rem muttered. Nobody heard it, and even Ram was not privy to this particular
thought. “That’s right…”]

 

[I had forgotten, she thought. My stupid self had immediately lost her decision and resolve,
hadn’t she…?]

 

“—Eh?” Rem asked.

 

[It should have been decided from the start, her old self thought. It should have been
decided when I first came to Roswaal. —No, even further back. It should have been



decided back on that fiery night, when my dear sister wailed and I watched the glimmer of
her broken horn and thought—]

 

And thought what? Rem leaned forward. And thought what? What was it that her old self had
—?

 

[“I am…Nee-sama's horn,” Rem breathed. “I am…Nee-sama's hands and legs. I am…
Nee-sama's—"]

 

[The being identical to Ram, who was the most precious Oni, deemed the promising
Reincarnation of an Oni God. When Rem caused her sister to lose her horn and felt—]

 

Rem gritted her teeth, biting back a shout of frustration. And felt WHAT?!

 

[That was, when Rem saw Ram without her horn, she had made a decision.]

 

["—I am…Nee-sama's substitute,” Rem declared, to herself alone. “That's my role,
what I'm proud of, and what I live for."]

 

And now, finally, for the first time in a while, Ferris felt a smile — a real, true, shining smile
— spread across his cheeks wide enough that it nearly tore apart his face.

 

To be a substitute, to be a weapon, to be a treasured servant to the one you love more than
anything in the world…

 

Ferris knew that joy, and that pain, and everything that made it oh so wonderful. He knew
this. He understood this. Rem was—

 

[And with that, while thinking that, Rem finally managed to break through the smoke
out into the clear air of the other side.]



 

["A fake Oni and a lacking real Oni have made…” Faust’s awestruck, smiling voice
murmured.]

 

[“Shut up,” Rem snarled, crushing Faust’s left arm with the handle of her weapon and
slamming it straight through into his body.]

 

Mimi punched the air, a cheerful sort of triumph in her howl.

 

[The madman laughed, even as his blood splattered onto her cheeks.]

 

“Eugh…!” Tivey couldn’t help but curl his lip in disgust. Hetaro could sympathize with that.

 

Monstrous. That was the only word that could describe a man like this. Witch cultist or not,
that look in his eye was that of a man possessed. Such obsession could only ever cloud the
soul, Crusch knew, even without taking into account the many burned bodies that this man
had left in his wake.

 

[Lifting his arm, Faust shot a rod-shaped concealed weapon out of his sleeve, glinting
weakly in the firelight. He was aiming for the horn on Rem’s forehead—]

 

[Her horn.]

 

[Rem remembered a village dyed red, burned bodies littering the roads, Rem wailing—]

 

[A flash of glinting silver, Rem wailing—!]

 

“NO—!” Subaru screamed, his eyes wild with panic.

 



[Rem flipped her head up and — even as it blew away two of her canines — bit down on
the incoming steel hard enough to crush it instantly.]

 

Ricardo crowed loudly, pumping his fist into the air. “YES!”

 

["Well done!” Faust praised. “But…oh?"]

 

[Faust attempted to duck backwards, but Rem twisted her wrist so that the iron ball
spun back around through the smoke, smashing into his backs gouging his flesh and
crushing his spine.]

 

“—Ah,” Ricardo said.

 

[An imperfect hit, Rem grimaced.]

 

Ricardo chuckled. “Well. Yer technique improves with time. Ain’t that right, little lady?”

 

[But it stopped him from moving. Just doing something unexpected was good enough—!]

 

Sometimes that was all it took, Rom noted with amusement. On the battlefield, sometimes it
all came down to was what was expected and what was not.

 

["Ah… Ahh… АННННН—!!"]

 

[Roaring at the top of her lungs, Rem punched Faust in the jaw hard enough to break it
and send him flying upwards into the sky. Then she lept after her opponent, who
couldn’t move, and—!]

 

“Od Laguna—!” Frederica gasped.



 

It wasn’t like she could disapprove, but the sheer brutality of Rem’s fighting style wasn’t
something she believed she could ever really get used to.

 

[Rem hit, and crushed his bones. She hit, and burst open his flesh. She hit, and ruptured
his intestines. She hit, and broke his limbs. Every hit was revenge, every hit was the fury
of her Clan, and they flew from the first floor to the second, the second to the third, the
third to the fourth, and finally—!]

 

“FINISH IT!” Garfiel shouted, on his feet as he cheered them both on. And how could he not,
with a sight like that in front of him?

 

[In the sky, Rem’s vision was dyed red. But it wasn’t dyed red by the fire and blood that
Faust worshipped so. Instead, it was dyed red by a sunset, majestic and warm and
beautiful.]

 

The sight of it— The sight of power, of determination, of the golden glow of the sun, of
revenge so close a person could taste it—

 

It was the sort of thing that stole Wilhelm’s breath away, even as he found himself roaring
alongside everyone else.

 

["Rem,” Ram said, still clutching to her back.]

 

["Yes, Nee-sama—!” Rem replied with a deep sort of affection, and then she hit Faust
the hardest she had yet in the middle of his guts — sending him straight into the middle
of the garden.]

 

Julius shouted triumphantly. With perfect aim like that, he knew what would happen next—!

 



[At the verge of death, Faust was staring at the two sisters high above him. He was
muttering something.]

 

It was probably a curse, Crusch thought grimly.

 

But it didn’t matter. Ferris shouted aloud with the joy of that knowledge, eyes filled with
gleeful anticipation. Neither of those two sisters could hear him, nor would they ever have to
hear his voice again.

 

["One who wields a sword falls to the sword,” Ram’s voice declared, both apathetic and
sentimental. “One who clings to a demon falls to the demon. One who devotes oneself to
flames falls to flames. Thou shalt be destroyed by what thou relied on. —That shall be
what puts our kind's souls to rest."]

 

[And into the garden full of set-up spells, Ram tossed in the sort of tool that a person
would light up their tobacco with.]

 

Watching the scene before her, aware of what she was about to witness for the second time,
Ram remembered the question that Faust had asked her, just before their fight had began in
earnest.

 

“I love fire,” he had declared, as only a true arsonist could. “I wanted to try burning Onis. I
wanted to know the smell. —Everyone loves rare things, right?”

 

"Yes,” Ram had replied. “And so, I'll let you smell one of the rare smells in this world."

 

"What rare smell?"

 

"The smell of you being burnt to death. The best lingering scent in the whole world."

 

[And then, with Faust at the center, the garden exploded into a sea of flames.]



 

Ah, Frederica thought, silent amidst the roaring cheers, staring at the wreckage that had been
left behind. So that’s how the garden became such a mess.

 

She had been the one responsible for fixing it, after all.

 

[“Now, it's over…” Rem breathed, kneeling and watching the fire burn. “Right?"]

 

[Faust…died, she reflected. I murdered Fogg, and Nee-sama killed Sado. And the other
one, Sergei…]

 

["As long as Roswaal-sama isn't getting beaten…that is,” Ram answered quietly. "It
really... It really is... all…”]

 

And even if they didn’t already know the outcome of that particular battle, everyone there
knew that Sergei didn’t stand a chance.

 

[It felt like I hadn’t been fighting by myself, Rem marveled. I left everything up to Ram,
and fought with power I wouldn't be able to bring out myself, being controlled by Ram.
That’s why…]

 

Anastasia giggled, raising a hand to her mouth. Leaving everything up to her sister, fighting
on her sister’s behalf with power brought out by her sister’s guiding hand — that was the
behavior of a little brother more than it was that of a little sister, wasn’t it? Perhaps Rem was
a bit more of a tomboy than she had assumed.

 

["It makes sense for you to feel uneasy after all kinds of things got settled so suddenly,”
Ram said. “It probably won't feel real until later… But I'll just say this."]

 

["What…is it?"]

 



["—Now, finally, steamed tatoes are unbanned, and I can eat your steamed tatoes."]

 

Subaru chuckled. “Your priorities really are on point, Nee-sama,” he said softly.

 

But he was tentative about how to approach her, now, and so his voice was too quiet to reach
her where she sat across the room.

 

[Rem burst into a smile, eyes tearing up. "Nee-sama,“ she teased. “You truly are a big
eater."]

 

["Yes. Rem's steamed tatoes are my source of life, after all.” Ram rubbed her forehead
against her sister’s. “They're what's most important."]

 

—She wasn’t just talking about those tatoes, was she?

 

Looking at how she embraced her little sister, Ram couldn’t help but think that those tatoes
had been the last thing on her mind, in that moment. Her little sister, the little sister she had
protected with her life, fought for with her soul, given everything she had many, many times
over—

 

No. It wasn’t the tatoes that had been Ram’s source of life. Not really.

 

[—A loud cry startled Rem awake.]

 

["Nee-sama…” Rem murmured.]

 

["You're awake, Rem,” Ram smiled, having allowed her to use her shoulder as a pillow.
“Don't worry, I'm here for you."]

 



“Eh?!” Rachins blinked several times, startled by the change in scenery. “Where—?”

 

Felt shushed him, staring at the meteor intently.

 

[Ah, Rem understood. Grace…is done fighting, isn’t she?]

 

“—Oh,” Anastasia realized. “She…”

 

Well. That was — unfortunate timing, wasn’t it?

 

["Sounds like it's been born without prooooblems,” Roswaal said. Despite having
annihilated the witch cultists and dragged their bodies back to the Estate within an
hour, he looked entirely untouched.]

 

“Oh, geez,” Garfiel hissed. Otto winced in agreement.

 

Giving birth in the middle of an attack by the Witch Cult… Wilhelm could only sit there in
amazement. Sometimes he couldn’t help but marvel at the reminder of how incredible
women truly were.

 

[Only Sergei, Rem reflected, the so-called young man that is our enemy, had been
restrained with his limbs broken. …I don’t know how he managed it, but I’m relieved from
the bottom of my heart.]

 

They had killed him later. Ram didn’t know if she had done it alone or with her little sister,
but she remembered watching the light leave his eyes. It had been very considerate, for Lord
Roswaal to go out of his way to give the two of them the final blow.

 

[“You guys don't have to take responsibility,” Roswaal murmured, speaking of Dudley’s
death. “I will tell Grace about him. When the opportunity comes. I'll tell her. Please
don't say anything."]



 

Taking a heavy burden like that into himself… But, such was the duty of the Lord of the
house. Really, Lord Roswaal was turning out to be a much more responsible than Crusch had
initially assumed, wasn’t he?

 

Frederica watched sadly. Roswaal wouldn’t even be able to do that much, in the short time
they had left. She already knew that.

 

[Dudley is dead, Rem reflected miserably. Many servants are dead. The damage to the
Miload family is unfathomable. …And if the Witch Cult was aiming for the two surviving
Onis, then this is all because of—]

 

“It’s all because of the Witch Cult, then.”

 

In the present moment, Rem startled.

 

“Make no mistake, Rem,” Frederica said coldly. “Neither you nor your sister is allowed to
make a mistake like that. —The Witch Cult’s sins are the own, and not anyone else’s.”

 

Subaru closed his mouth, because Frederica had gotten to it first. —And, as the one here who
had known the Miload family best, she was the one who had the most right to alleviate the
Oni siblings of that misplaced guilt. Everyone in the room understood that much.

 

["People should not get blamed mistakenly,” Roswaal chided onscreen, echoing
Frederica’s stern warning. “Besides, we should be celebrating the birth of new life.
Limrear and the others..."]

 

[And just as he started to say that, Limrear arrived.]

 

Mimi blinked. A pit was forming in her stomach.

 



“Wh…” She swallowed. “Why does she look so sad?”

 

["Good work,” Roswaal praised. “Great job doing it without even having any help,
despite it not being your speciality. You deserve the credit, no doubt about it. For taking
over for Dudley, I thank..."]

 

["No, it was nothing…” Limrear looked solemn, shaking her head as she pulled on his
sleeve. “Anyway, Roswaal-sama, Grace-sama needs…”]

 

Anastasia exhaled quietly. Rom’s face twisted. Felt steeled herself against the cold reality,
made clear by that trailing voice.

 

“Grace…?” Emilia trailed off. But of course, there had to be a reason why she had never
met…

 

["Limrear…?"]

 

["Please, Roswaal-sama…” Limrear started to cry. “We don't have much time."]

 

The rest of the room understood it, then.

 

["Roswaal-sama,” the maid by Grace’s bedside said, hiding the newborn baby. “It’s a
girl. A lively, cute girl…”]

 

Frederica smiled weakly at young Annerose. She hadn’t been there, of course. It was one of
the few parts of the young girl’s life that she had missed out on as she watched her grow.

 

—Well. For better or for worse, now she would get to experience this moment as well.

 



[“…Grace,” Roswaal called out, holding the baby gently. “Grace. Can you speak?"]

 

[Grace blearily opened her eyes. She had been sleeping. “M-My…” she breathed.
“Baby…”]

 

Well, Crusch thought, in a miserable sort of way. At least Lady Grace appeared to be at peace
with herself.

 

["That's a great name,” Roswaal murmured, having managed to wrestle that name that
Grace had held onto for so long from her dying lips. “I definitely wouldn't be able to
come up with that one."]

 

["...Yeah.” Grace smiled slightly. Roswaal’s cheeks stiffened slightly. “Because, you're,
you know, a very unskillful Master.”]

 

Garfiel averted his eyes. He didn’t — like it, seeing that clown looking so…

 

Felt never would have expected to see a look like that on Margrave Mathers’ face. She had
only really heard of him through rumors, but from that impression, she hadn’t really thought
that he was capable of those sorts of feelings. In a guilty sort of way, it was sort of fascinating
to watch.

 

["Annerose,” Roswaal breathed. “I'm sure she'll grow up to be a kind, strong willed
girl. Just like you."]

 

["And then,” Grace said in a delirious voice. She looked as though she were the happiest
she could ever be. “I hope that she'll be loved by everyone, and will love everyone back.
Just like you. —I love you… Thanks so much… for giving me happiness."]

 

This really wasn’t the sort of thing that they should be watching, was it? Anastasia averted
her eyes from this private moment, which should have been left to Roswaal and Grace alone.



—Or, if not to them, then at least to them, their maids, and the little girl who had just come
into the world. Outsiders like herself had no place in this room.

 

[That smile made Roswaal pause for a moment. To swallow something. After that, he
had a smile on his face. It was neither a clown smile nor an artificial smile.]

 

["I... love you too. Forever and always..."]

 

Crusch did wonder, looking at the two of them. Grace had been married to Dudley, but the
way that she and Roswaal spoke to one another…

 

[Grace laughed. Roswaal looked at her with surprise.  "Oh stop it. You aren't as good at
lying as you think, after all."]

 

But that wasn’t really any of her business. It certainly wasn’t her place to bring it up. And it
certainly wouldn’t be appropriate for her to suggest such a thing in the shadow of a memory
like…

 

["Thank…you…” Grace’s eyes were falling closed. “Please… take care of… Anne…"]

 

[And then Grace’s hand fell away from young Annerose. Roswaal gently caught it,
placing it against her chest.]

 

The entire theater sat silently as they watched. This — was not the sort of moment that they
could interrupt, not even as a memory.

 

[Annerose started crying wildly again, as if she'd understood what had happened. The
maids in the room quickly followed, one after another.]

 

A moment of silence, of mourning — for a man and a woman that almost everyone in the
room had never even met. It was only right.



 

["Huh?" Rem wondered, dumbfounded. What happened? What’s happening? Why is
everyone crying? Why does Roswaal look so mournful? Why is Nee-sama hugging me so
hard?]

 

Beatrice sucked in a breath. It was easy to forget, with the violence and the blood, but this
young Rem was very much a child, wasn’t she?

 

Old Man Rom felt oddly miserable, watching this little girl struggling to comprehend the
tragedy before her eyes. It was a special kind of pain, when children ended up in the
crossfires of warfare. Ever since young Felt had entered his life, that understanding had
grown and grown and grown, until he could scarcely remember a time when he didn’t
intimately comprehend that fact.

 

(But that time had existed, and it would haunt him for the rest of his life.)

 

[“—Huh?" Rem asked aloud — because she, too, had started to cry.]

 

“O-Oh…” Crusch swallowed, her voice trailing off. Tears of her own started to form in the
corners of her eyes.

 

[I can’t comprehend it, Rem thought with bewilderment, even as she sobbed hard
enough to hurt her throat and cried enough tears to form twin streams against her
cheeks. I can’t understand it. So there’s no reason for me to be crying.]

 

That wasn’t how it worked. That wasn’t how anything worked. But a little girl as frank as
Rem wouldn’t understand that, Otto supposed.

 

[—Why can’t my stupid self figure it out, just this one time?]

 



That stupid self-hatred again, was it? Rachins felt as though it were grating against his bones.
He wanted to slap her. He was too busy trying to slow the tears dribbling down his own face,
one after the other.

 

Reinhard listened as Rem cursed herself for not being able to understand, and he felt as
though that grief had settled deep in his soul. How many times had he cursed himself for not
being able to understand the things considered so fundamentally human?

 

[“—I'm sorry,” Ram apologized, voice horse and painful. “I'm so sorry, Rem."]

 

[Ram was not crying. But — it wasn’t that she wasn’t sad. It was that the tears just
weren’t…]

 

[Ah, Rem understood. I get it.]

 

Synesthesia, once again. A sort of magic between twins. —To be honest, Ferris had thought
that it was a myth. But there were many sorts of myths turned reality in this world, weren’t
there?

 

Crying through her sister’s eyes…? Felt blinked slowly, eyes round. That was some intimacy.

 

Of course, Rem and Ram were two sisters that loved each other very much. But for some
reason it wasn’t until now that Felt began to realize just how completely, unfathomably deep
that love ran in both of their veins.

 

[“Nee-sama, Nee-sama..."]

 

Tivey’s lip wobbled. Hetaro could feel himself starting to tear up. Mimi reached out and
clutched both of her little brothers close to her chest, as a big sister should.

 



[I am Nee-sama’s substitute. So, I’ll cry for Nee-sama, and shed tears. These tears are for
Nee-sama, who is so strong that she can’t cry. These are her true tears.]

 

Strong, was it? Wilhelm looked at the girls with pity. To never cry was a show of strength for
a man, perhaps. But for a woman, their strength came from their tears — just like it came
from their laughter, their anger, their smiles, and their peace.

 

A young girl like Ram, finding herself unable to cry her own tears…

 

It was a true tragedy, more than it was anything else. If this was the cost of her being the
Reincarnation of an Oni God, then perhaps it had been more of a curse than a blessing after
all.

 

Ricardo winced. To successfully hold back tears and to be unable to cry them at all were two
very different things. The first was commendable, and the second was mostly an illness he
had observed among slaves back in Kararagi, who had bled themselves so dry that they no
longer had any tears to spare. It pained him to see the former mistaken for the latter — and by
the girl’s own sister, no less.

 

“Ram…” Emilia trailed off, at a loss for what to say. What an incredibly painful thing, to be
denied even the catharsis of your own tears. Just like with Rem — or perhaps it was a little
different — her heart couldn’t help but ache for that elder sister.

 

[—So, I can cry all I want. Cry and cry, cry all of it out. So that I can understand that I am
crying to heal the wounds of Nee-sama’s heart.]

 

Ahh. Anastasia exhaled slowly, feeling as though something had settled into place. An excuse,
was it?

 

[Please, I beg of you, Rem pleaded. Don’t make me think that these tears are for anyone
besides my sister.]

 



It was a shame, to see a girl afraid to be sad, to be happy, to be angry, if any of it were for the
sake of herself. For a boy it would already be a tragedy, Anastasia reflected. But for a girl,
whose role it was to act on her own behalf and lead boys along to fight behind her, it was
something far more crippling than that.

 

Julius remembered hearing rumors that Lord Roswaal had been directing things from behind
the scenes back then, as a result of him having gained a new business and new territory from
the attack on the Miload Estate. Now he found himself rather ashamed for having ever
suspected such a thing.

 

Subaru watched as Rem cried, and cried, and refused to allow herself to feel her tears as her
own, and he felt his heart twist painfully inside his chest.

 

—In the present moment, Ram placed her hand over Rem’s. Rem shifted, and then accepted
that request by taking her sister’s hand in her own. Both women watched their younger selves
cry their tears through young Rem’s eyes. No words needed to be said.

 

[“Thank you so much, Master,” Clind was saying a few days later. “I have never been so
proud of working for you. I, Clind, will risk my life to accomplish my duties. My whole
soul."]

 

“Eh??” Rem leaned away from the screen, eyes wide. “That’s—”

 

That was some enthusiasm, all right.

 

“—Oh no,” Subaru muttered. He already knew where this was going.

 

["Your unexpected level of motivation makes me feel nothing but anxious!" Frederica
exclaimed.]

 

Ram sighed. “Frederica sure did have her work cut out for her, back then,” she murmured.



 

["I'm not sure what you mean by anxious,” Clind replied, furrowing his brow. “I have
always said that I'd never slack off with my duties, but I swear that I'll do more than
my best for this order. So I don't get why you're so anxious. Does not compute."]

 

[“Your fetishes!” Frederica retorted, stamping her foot. “Your motivation! Combining
them is what makes me explode with anxiety! —Master, why are you laughing in this
situation? I have told you over and over that there are problems with who you choose!"]

 

Frederica sighed. She remembered how exasperated she had been back then. But of course,
Roswaal had been right: someone experienced had been needed to support that family, which
had been left only as a newborn baby and her immature servants. And for all his many,
MANY faults, Clind was a capable servant who would loyally stand by his master no matter
what.

 

But that didn’t mean she’d had to LIKE it, of course.

 

["Well, your reaction was just so expected that it made me happy,” Roswaal smiled.
“Buuuut, it's an obvious choice once you consider his ability and results, right? The scar
left on the Miload residence is deep, and now at least one capable servant is needed to
support the family. As a guardian, I have an obligation to do everything I can."]

 

["But…”]

 

["Or can you recommend someone suitable for the job besides you aaaand Clind?"]

 

Otto groaned quietly as he got the picture.

 

It wasn’t like he didn’t understand the logic. Clind was a very capable servant, and being
given a master so — young — would only make him resolve work all the harder. And despite
his… Well. Otto didn’t like him, but he also didn’t believe that Clind would ever even think
— or HAD ever even thought, looking back from the present — to try to harm little
Annerose.



 

But still, just because he understood the logic didn’t mean he agreed with it. Poor Frederica.

 

["Besides,” Roswaal said, lowering his voice to a whisper. “Clind will work beyond his
ability since he knows that his master is going to be a baby. However, you are the only
one who can stop him from getting out of control. You'll be getting the short end of the
stick, but I'd like you to deal with it."]

 

["For Lord Roswaal, right?" Frederica sighed.]

 

["Nooooope. For Dudley, Grace, and little Annerose."]

 

Everyone in the theater seemed to wince as one.

 

[“…That sure is an unfair way to put it."]

 

Emilia sighed softly. It was an unfair way to put it — but being compassionate and being fair
were not necessarily one and the same. And this was an unusually compassionate sort of
thing to say, coming from Roswaal.

 

Garfiel wished he had been able to meet Dudley and Grace for himself. It was useless to wish
for such a thing, but he found himself wishing for it regardless.

 

“Ridiculous,” he muttered to himself. “Nobody can come back from the…”

 

He stopped. That — was a whole other set of horrible feelings, down that train of thought.

 

["You'll probably have to deal with a lot of work,” Frederica said, now speaking to Rem
and Ram. “Are you two fine with that?"]



 

["Yes, we'll be fine. We know that and we'll be staying here."]

 

["What Nee-sama said. Besides, Frederica-sama and Clind-sama are the ones who are
going to have a lot of work."]

 

[They’ll need to care for the shattered Miload residence, Rem reflected. After so many
deaths and resignations, the Miload Estate will need all the help it can get. Job training
will have to take place over there from now on, too…]

 

["The work and the workplace are just going to be different,” Frederica replied. She
scowled. “Though, I don't get why I have to be with this guy…”]

 

Looking at that man right now, Rem believed that she could understand why Frederica had
thought so little of him. But Rem herself couldn’t help but have a soft spot for Clind. After
all, for all his faults…he had still been her senior coworker, hadn’t he? And Rem believed
that he had been quite a reliable one, too. Mostly.

 

[She has such a low evaluation of Clind-sama, Rem noted. Though, to me, they’re both
reliable seniors with many respectable aspects…]

 

Though, between the two of them, Rem believed that it was Frederica who had been the most
dependable. Looking for gifts for Ram and Roswaal with her in an attempt to cheer her up,
attempting to carry her away from the witch cultists even as she writhed and screamed for
vengeance, guiding her through her first time in the Capital, worrying over her following the
unexpected incident in the basement, teaching her how to clean and care for her new home,
speaking with such kindness and friendliness with her and her sister, sitting by her bedside as
she recovered from the shock of that fiery night—

 

Frederica really had been there for her since the moment they met, hadn’t she? In the present
moment, Rem glanced over at the woman across the room, feeling a little odd.

 



["Of course, Nee-sama will always be number one,” Rem said aloud. “She'll never move
from that spot."]

 

["Yeah, obviously. I'm such a precious person to Rem, after all."]

 

["Understanding each other despite the conversation being so disjointed…” Frederica
noted. “Is this possible because of this synesthesia thing I've heard about…?"]

 

“You have no idea,” Hetaro muttered. Mimi giggled next to him, and Tivey sighed and shook
his head.

 

Frederica chuckled. She had likely just been teasing, but…

 

Well. It was kind of fun, to know that something as fantastical as that had been living right
alongside her as a pair of coworkers for the last ten years.

 

[“As you know, taking care of Master is no simple task, but please be strong and hold
on."]

 

["You have to deal with a weirdo, too,” Ram replied. “Do your best to hang in there,
Frederica."]

 

“Not very well-liked by his coworkers, is he?” Wilhelm murmured with amusement.

 

“Can ya blame ‘em?” Ricardo pointed out. “That guy brought that attitude on himself, and he
doesn’t show any signs o’ fighting that reputation o’ his anytime soon.”

 

["Rem, don't push yourself too hard and stay healthy. You can call me any time if
something ever comes up."]

 



["You worry too much, Frederica-sama. Besides, I will be fine anywhere as long as Nee-
sama is with me."]

 

["I see.” Frederica smiled. She didn’t hide her mouth. “Then that's a relief."]

 

Frederica winced, as she always did when she saw her open mouth.

 

—That was right. Rem had flinched away from her, that first time they had met. She had
flinched away, because she had caught sight of Frederica’s…

 

["Frederica-sama,” little Rem suddenly said. “I have…one thing I want to apologize
for."]

 

Frederica was jolted back to the present moment.

 

["Rem wants to apologize to me? Not Ram?"]

 

Ram huffed. “Ram has nothing to apolo—”

 

And then she stopped, glancing across the room at the black-haired boy.

 

Nobody noticed her midway termination of that sentence, however. They were all too curious
about what it was that Rem wished to apologize to Frederica about.

 

[“The first time we met,” Rem said. “I got scared of you, even though you worried
about me. And to this day I still haven't apologized…I'm sincerely sorry."]

 

In the present moment, Frederica broke into a wide smile.



 

[Frederica’s eyes widened, and then she seemed to understand something. She patted
Rem’s head.  "It's alright, Rem,” she said. “You're a very good girl."]

 

So the two of them HAD formed a good relationship after all, had they? Just like she was
with Ram, Frederica and Rem really had been…

 

["I mean, she's my little sister,” Ram declared. “That's obvious."]

 

["Forgetting about whether or not that actually means anything, yes, it is obvious."]

 

Perhaps she had been rather foolish to ever doubt such a thing. Frederica almost wanted to
laugh at herself for it.

 

“Big sis?” Garfiel asked, looking confused.

 

“—Ah.” Frederica chuckled. “It’s nothing, Garf. Just…admiring my own silliness, that’s all.”

 

“…Hmph.”

 

["Please take good care of Roswaal-sama,” Frederica finished, preforming a courtesy so
perfect that both Rem and Ram copied her. She smiled brightly, without hiding her
mouth. “I know I can leave it up to you guys."]

 

…Well.

 

Garfiel’s eyes softened at the sight of his sister’s joyful face. He had never understood that
preoccupation of hers with the petty detail of her teeth, and he definitely would never
understand why Frederica would care if Rem was scared of them or not, or if she ever
apologized or not, or if people reacted in any such way to that facet of herself at all. Frederica



was Frederica, after all, just like Garfiel was his own amazing self — and just like how
Garfiel would never even think to change for anyone else, he would never expect his sister to
do anything of the sort.

 

…But if something as simple as Rem’s apology for that momentary scare had meant so much
to his big sis, then Garfiel could appreciate it, too.

 

[A year after that fiery night—]

 

["There's nothing left anymore,” Rem marveled.]

 

["That's just how it is,” Ram replied. “Everything burned, and nobody lives here
anymore... Everyone's remains being buried by Roswaal is its saving grace."]

 

“Ah…” Rem trailed off, looking at the place that had once been her home.

 

She didn’t have any real memories of this place, and she had no attachment to it either. Even
the memories she had seen secondhand had not painted it as a place she would ever really
want to visit. But at the same time…

 

[This place had once been a plaza, her old self marveled. But now not even the ruins of
the houses are here anymore. The fields are desolate, the mountain road is impossible to
recognize, and everything is…]

 

All of it was gone. Rem felt a deep sense of emptiness opening inside her stomach.

 

[But perhaps it’s too late and too cruel to feel sad about it now.]

 

“—There’s no need to be sad, Rem,” Ram said quietly. Rem startled. “We achieved
retribution, and put all their souls to rest. So there’s no need to be sad about any of this now.”



 

…Was that how it worked? Rem wasn’t really sure.

 

["Nee-sama, let's hold hands."]

 

["Well, since you want to, I guess it can't be helped."]

 

["Yes, I want to. It's been such a long time since I've walked through the village with
Nee-sama."]

 

Rem didn’t want to be the kind of sister who blindly agreed with her older sister about
everything. It was too painful a situation to watch, let alone emulate.

 

…But she thought that perhaps Ram was right about this. Life goes on, after all.

 

(Perhaps Ram really was the sort of older sister who was always right about everything. Rem
supposed that she would come to her conclusions about that with time.)

 

[A year ago, when we were at the village, I would always walk behind Nee-sama, Rem
thought. Things have changed quite a bit, for me to walk beside her so often now…]

 

It was a pleasant change, Ram thought. She would always prefer to walk beside her little
sister rather than in front. Rem smiled, thinking that the two of them looked much better
when they walked as a pair, as opposed to walking as a leader and a follower.

 

Felt huffed, smiling a little bit in spite of herself. Rem was a real sap sometimes, wasn’t she?

 

Subaru began to smile weakly. He didn’t really — want to see this place again, not after
everything they had witnessed there. But it was nice, to see Rem happily walking hand-in-
hand with her big sister and basking in a rare sense of pride in how far she had come.



 

[It’s sad, that I can’t show how I am now to my mother, my father, or the rest of my kind at
the village, Rem reflected. —But if the tragedy at this village never happened, I would
would surely still just be cowering behind Nee-sama. So…I can’t show anyone at the
village how I’ve changed, and am now living a life I can be proud of.]

 

Subaru’s face soured.

 

It wasn’t like he could ever be grateful, when it came to something as awful as that fiery
night. But he couldn’t really stop feeling resentful of those people whose souls had long
passed on. It was useless, but…

 

Crusch exhaled slowly. It was thanks to that tragedy that Rem had gotten to the point where
she could allow her soul to shine in the light. As awful as that memory may be, as awful as
the fates of the rest of her village may have been, Crusch would never stoop to be resentful of
the food that had indirectly bloomed because of it.

 

Old Man Rom smiled sadly. Setanta, you old fool…

 

But it was his own fault, that neither he nor the rest of their village had ever been able to
appreciate the sight of the little blue-haired girl stepping into the sunlight, hand-in-hand with
the sister who loved her more than anything in the world.

 

["—Rem, that must be it,” Ram suddenly interrupted. “It stands out, like Lord
Roswaal said."]

 

["…Ah."]

 

[A large mass of white crystal stone stood before them, larger than Rem and Ram
combined, in the place where the chief’s residence had been burned to the ground.]

 



["Mana exists in the crystal stone,” Ram said, admiring the cenotaph. “There might be
souls that attract mana so that spirits and lesser spirits can materialize by using it… It's
an idea you'd expect of Lord Roswaal."]

 

[I can’t thank Lord Roswaal enough for achieving retribution and giving me a way to live,
Rem thought. Can I ever return the favor by doing my very best as a maid?]

 

Likely not — especially not if Anastasia’s suspicions about the true extent of the Margrave’s
involvement in their retribution were correct. But that was alright: all it meant was that Rem
and Ram now belonged to Lord Roswaal, and so they could just relax and become his. Just
like the triplets and Ricardo and Julius had all become Anastasia’s, and just like the Kingdom
of Lugunica would one day rest peacefully in the palm of her hand.

 

Lord Roswaal seemed like a Master who took good care of the things that belonged to him,
after all, in his own sort of way. Anastasia could respect him as someone deserving of that
deference, especially on the part of those twins.

 

["Rem, let's let them know. —Hand me the alcohol."]

 

["Yes, Nee-sama."]

 

“The most expensive I — we — could afford,” Ram remembered, watching them take out the
sake that Roswaal had told her was the most valuable brand of liquor. “It’s the most
important gift for an Oni funeral, after all…”

 

["Retribution has been achieved,” Ram declared. “The regret of that night, the anger of
that night, and the grief of that night — our kind's sorrow has been taken care of by
Rem and I."]

 

Wilhelm nodded solemnly. With retribution achieved, the dead would be able to rest soundly.
He was proud that these two girls had managed to obtain such a thing on the behalf of their
Clan.

 



Felt just barely refrained from clicking her tongue in annoyance. She didn’t give a shit about
any of this nonsense. Cultist, Oni, it didn’t matter: the dead were dead, and that was all there
was to it.

 

["Unfortunately, the Reincarnation of an Oni God and the return of the Onis were
reduced to ashes,” Ram said, pouring half of the alcohol onto the cenotaph. “But the
pride and blood will stay alive. —Farewell, everyone."]

 

[Then she passed Rem the remaining alcohol, and politely moved away so that Rem
could repose their souls and take an oath in peace.]

 

[Nee-sama spoke the words to put their souls to rest, Rem thought. So, I have to tell them
about my determination, make a promise I will never break, and bid them farewell…]

 

A promise she would never break. Emilia tilted her head. So, Rem had been the type to care
about promises, then?

 

That was somewhat reassuring, she supposed. But for some reason, Emilia had a bad feeling
about what it was that Rem was about to promise at that grave.

 

[“Mother, father, everyone, please don't worry,” Rem smiled. “Nee-sama…is fine."]

 

“Ah…” Tivey winced.

 

[That’s what they’re probably worried about the most, after all.]

 

Hetaro hissed, shrinking backwards in his seat. Mimi’s face darkened significantly.

 

If anyone were ever — EVER — to make the little siblings of the Pearlbaton triplets feel like
this, then the elder siblings would take it upon themselves to rip them to shreds over it.



 

Reinhard smiled sadly. That was the truth of the matter, wasn’t it? As painful as it might be,
he could appreciate that Rem had merely accepted their lack of care for herself as a fact of
life.

 

(A certain sense of kinship bloomed in his heart. The feeling was so rare for him that he
didn’t recognize it.)

 

[These were people who always pinned their hopes on Nee-sama, believed in Nee-sama,
and worried about Nee-sama, Rem knew. So, there‘s only one thing for me to give and
promise them.]

 

["—Nee-sama…” Rem exhaled, and then proudly made her oath, which would be the
meaning of her life. “I will do everything Nee-sama should have done."]

 

Julius swallowed.

 

It wasn’t the same situation, but there was a certain resemblance, here, to his adoption into
the Juukulius family. To the fact that he had come in as a replacement for Joshua, who was
too delicate to follow the family tradition of the firstborn son becoming a knight. The idea
that something happening to him might result in Joshua shouldering a burden far above his
means for his sake made him want to weep.

 

Otto folded his arms. It wasn’t like he hadn’t expected that to be her promise, but it still felt
strange to hear it said out loud.

 

A girl who would walk in the light, so that she could lead her sister along behind her. Otto
was the type to walk in darkness so that others could walk in the light in his stead, but
somehow he felt that this was a distinction without a difference.

 

“Mana of water—”

 



Otto didn’t know how he felt, about the fact that he had begun to see a resemblance between
himself and this girl.

 

[The sweet and lovely smile that only Ram had seen at the village, that her kind had
never seen when they were alive — that was the smile that Rem gave now.]

 

Ram stared at the grave of those worthless adults. Rem’s final words to their kind had been a
curse upon herself, had they now?

 

—That smile was one that Rem had never been able to show at the village before, wasn’t it?
To Old Man Rom’s memory, it seemed that particular smile was one that she had only gained
the ability to give in this place after she had resolved to act as Ram’s replacement. For that,
because of that, thanks to that, Rem was able to give her Clan a real smile.

 

Ricardo pressed his lips together, thinking something similar. Perhaps he had been hasty in
his judgement of her decision. If that sort of resolve was what allowed Rem to smile like that,
then perhaps he should just butt out and let the girl be.

 

[“Are you finished?" Ram asked as Rem approached.]

 

[“Yes.” Rem took Ram’s hand. “Nee-sama, thank you very much."]

 

Beatrice watched the two sisters begin to walk down the hill, where Roswaal was waiting for
them with an imperial carriage. She wondered what she was supposed to be feeling, faced
with all of this.

 

—Really, she didn’t feel much of anything. This whole situation felt both too complicated
and far too divorced from her own lived experience for her to really understand it enough to
feel strongly about it, whether she appreciated that or not.

 

["I want to see Frederica-sama and Clind-sama as soon as possible since they'll be at the
Miload residence today,” Rem was saying.]



 

["…I get depressed when I think about seeing those two,” Ram sighed. “Frederica will
probably ask me a lot of questions because of Garf."]

 

Garfiel swallowed. Frederica shifted in her seat.

 

—Well. That had been that way for a long time, hadn’t it?

 

["Nee-sama and Garf are good friends, after all,” Rem said. “But please don't leave me
all alone."]

 

Frederica smiled sadly. The same worry from when Rem had been so very little…

 

But that had never been a possibility. Not then, not now, not ever.

 

[“I won't.” Rem felt Ram’s deep affection through her palm. “Because Rem is the
cutest, most precious little sister in the whole world."]

 

And Rem and Ram both knew that the elder sister had meant it from the very bottom of her
heart.

 

[The substitute of such an adored sister, Rem thought. The substitute of such a wonderful
sister. —For that, to be that, so that I am allowed to be that, I will live diligently from now
on.]

 

Crusch rolled her shoulder.

 

It wasn’t like she approved of the idea of becoming the substitute of another person. But at
the same time… If a mindset like that, if a goal like that, if a conviction like that was what



allowed a person to live a diligent life that they could be proud of — then it wasn’t really her
place to disapprove of it, was it?

 

Anastasia exhaled slowly. It was all for Rem, really. But a person did need to act in their own
self-interest. Especially a woman, who needed to act in a manner that inspired the men
around her to follow close behind.

 

Felt crossed her arms. She didn’t see the appeal, but — if it was what Rem had really wanted,
then that was that.

 

["Yes,” Rem said, smiling sweetly to a sister who was not at all aware of this solemn
oath. “Nee-sama is the best sister in the whole world to me, too."]

 

Ram shivered, now understanding the darker undertones of that sentence which once would
have brought her nothing but happiness. The look on her face made Rem want to squirm with
guilt.

 

Subaru watched as Rem’s clock slowed to a stop before his very eyes, and he could almost
kick himself over his inability to do anything but watch as it came to a halt.

 

And before their eyes, the years continued onwards — and Rem continued to be Ram’s most
faithful replacement.

 

[“Nee-sama, Nee-sama,” Rem said eagerly one day. “Apparently flowers called white
snow sakura bloom in Sanctuary this season.”]

 

[Ram blinked slowly. “White snow…?”]

 

“Oh!” Garfiel startled. “This is—”

 

“Garfiel?” Otto asked.



 

“My amazing self remembers this, I think,” Garfiel said. “The white snow sakura, a flower
that bloomed in Sanctuary—”

 

Did this mean that Rem had been there, that day?

 

Garfiel found himself leaning forward. If Rem had been there, then that meant he would have
— that he would have well and truly met her, way back when they were both little. And that
meant…

 

“Garfiel?” Otto prodded.

 

That meant…

 

…What exactly could their relationship have been like? Garfiel couldn’t really picture it.

 

[The twins had suddenly been given a day off. Days off were rare, as maids, but Lord
Roswaal would give them erratically regardless. Ram never really cared for them, and
Rem never really knew what to do besides work, but they dutifully accepted their
Lord’s care regardless. Such was their job, after all.]

 

Ah. Ram smiled sadly. So THAT was why she had agreed to this plan on her day off.

 

Rem was a girl who didn’t really ask for anything selfish. But Ram knew now that Rem had
always shown a secret liking for poetry and art, especially in comparison to her older sister.
—It made sense, that wanting to fulfill her little sister’s wish had been why Ram had agreed
to go and see the flowers that day.

 

(She had been confused before, wondering why she would ever have agreed to a suggestion
like that from Garfiel of all people.)

 



[And so then the day came, and the two of them went to Sanctuary. And then…]

 

[“…Downright the opposite of my tastes in every way possible,” Ram was murmuring
as Rem approached that day. Her sister was looking at Garfiel.]

 

Otto flinched, hissing with a wince. Subaru coughed. “Ouch,” he said sympathetically.

 

“Oi, shaddup, both o’ ya!”

 

[“—Huh?” Garfiel frowned. “Why do I need to be close to yer tastes? Even if you’d fall
for me if I change myself from who I am, it’s not happening. —I don’t wanna see you
change yerself from who you are either, you know.”]

 

"...Huh," Ricardo said.

 

“Well said,” Wilhelm murmured.

 

Crusch smiled. That was correct: a person should always strive to be their best self, no matter
the opinions of anyone else. To attempt to change oneself for the sake of others would do
nothing but muddy the waters of their soul.

 

Ferris scowled. What a stupid thing to say. If you really loved someone, then you would do
everything in your power to become the sort of person that would be of use to them.
Otherwise, how could you even call it love?

 

[“…Well,“ Ram finally said, looking somewhat dumbfounded. “That foolish side of you
is what makes Garf Garf.”]

 

“Hmph!” Mimi blew out air through her nostrils, folding her arms and proudly raising her
chin to the ceiling. Her brothers scowled in unison behind her. Anastasia giggled at the sullen
looks on their faces.



 

[“Quit that, praising me so much is gonna make me blush!” Garfiel rubbed the bottom
of his nose with his finger, looking somewhat embarrassed. “—So. Why’d ya come here
without that bastard Roswaal? Ain’t this the first time?”]

 

[“Don’t make the mistake of thinking that I came to see you, Garf,” Ram refuted. “I
have someone going with me this time too. If it’s not for Lord Roswaal, then there can
only be one other reason for me to go.”]

 

[Garfiel frowned, scratching his head. “…Which basically means that…”]

 

“Ah,” Ricardo grinned. “We all know who THAT is.”

 

Several chuckles rang throughout the theater, turning Rem’s cheeks pink.

 

[After a long moment, Garfiel shrugged and opened his mouth to change the subject.
“Oi, Ram,” he said. “The truth is that in this season, deep in the forest— GUAH?!”]

 

[And the reason for Ram’s visit chose that moment to finally make herself known,
leaping from where she had been observing them and harshly kicking Garfiel aside.]

 

Wilhelm barked out a loud cackle, a sound that — although nearly immediately muffled by
an embarrassed hand — was quickly followed by an uproar of laughter throughout the
theater.

 

Old Man Rom coughed into his fist. “Wasn’t that a little harsh, little lady?!” he exclaimed.

 

“Give a guy a chance, at least!” Rachins squawked.

 

Felt was laughing too hard to say anything.



 

Rem’s face was bright red. Ram stifled a giggle of her own, placing a hand on her little
sister’s shoulder.

 

[“I was told the general location,” Rem was telling Ram excitedly, whose full attention
had been successfully shifted to her little sister. “So, let’s get going before it gets dark.
It’ll be really fun!”]

 

[”‘It’ll be really fun,’” Garfiel mimicked angrily from where he had been roughly
knocked aside. “Yer forgetting about something here, oi!”]

 

Anastasia’s giggles finally devolved into a decidedly ungraceful fit of laughter. “Oh, dear…!”

 

“Well, what did he expect?” Hetaro defended hotly.

 

“Of course she’s kick him aside!” Tivey exclaimed. “That’s her older sister he’s coming
onto!”

 

“Of course you two would say that,” Julius laughed. Mimi tilted her head, confused, before
shrugging it off and turning back to the meteor.

 

Crusch muffled her chuckles behind her hand. It was rare, to see even this young version of
Rem acting so childishly uncouth. But a boy with eyes for her sister was where she drew the
line, was it?

 

Ferris folded his arms and turned up his nose with a huff. He intimately understood how Rem
felt.

 

[“Aah, so Garfiel was there,” Rem said innocently. “Sorry. You’re so small I didn’t see
you.”]

 



[“That’s how yer gonna greet me after it’s been such a long time since we seen
eachother?!” Garfiel demanded.]

 

Garfiel blinked. So — the two of them had met before, then? This wasn’t the first time?

 

He wondered how often he and Rem had seen each other. It didn’t seem to have been as often
as he had seen Ram, but…

 

[“Don’t you get too full of yourself now. Besides, I grew taller since the last time I saw
you. Look closely!”]

 

[“I was able to find you because I looked closely. If I didn’t look closely, I wouldn’t have
seen you, because I only have eyes for Nee-sama. That was close.”]

 

[“You blew me away, you know! And what’s with the tongue twister, Peter Piper?!”]

 

“Rem really is just like that with anyone who isn’t her older sister, isn’t she?” Otto marveled.

 

“She’s certainly like that around boys, it seems,” Frederica giggled, holding a hand to her
mouth. “Between Subaru and Garfiel…”

 

Even with Frederica she had been a little bristly, but Frederica felt that she had been spared
much of the sharper edge of her sense of humor. Whether that was due to her being a woman
or her being Rem’s senior in the Manor, Frederica wasn’t certain. It was likely a mixture of
them both.

 

—Anastasia suddenly stopped laughing, her mirthful smile abruptly falling off of her face.

 

The look in Ram’s eyes, as she watched her little sister act like that around Garfiel…

 



[“…It makes me feel truly loved by Rem,“ Ram murmured to herself. “So I don’t
dislike it.”]

 

It looked as though Ram were feeling — a certain emotion — from the bottom of her heart.

 

…No. No, surely Anastasia was imagining things.

 

—Nearby, Felt’s face twisted uncomfortably as her mirth drained away all at once. There‘s no
way, she thought to herself. There‘s no way…right?

 

[“Seeing the white snow sakura is an outrageous wish now that Garf’s found out,” Ram
was teasing.]

 

[“I’m the one who’ll be helping you with the white snow sakura in the first place!”
Garfiel retorted. “What’s wrong with me guiding you?”]

 

Subaru remembered that forest, and how easy it had been to get lost in there. Quietly, he was
grateful that Garfiel had guided them through that place instead of leaving it to themselves to
figure it out.

 

[“Well, I didn’t want you to find out,” Rem replied. “Your face would get ruined if the
flowers fell onto your head when you look at them, Garf.”]

 

[“You really got no mercy for me,” Garfiel muttered. “You get to see the flowers
because of me. Don’t ya think ya should be thanking me, huh?!”]

 

[“I can’t stop feeling anxious about how someone sloppy like Garfiel would help,” Rem
said. “The white snow sakura I heard about from rumors…I wonder if they really are
spotless flowers like the rumors say.”]

 

[“You always got a damn comeback…”]



 

—There was that look on Ram’s face again. Ricardo shifted uncomfortably, exchanging
glances with Anastasia. It was as though watching her sister quarrel with the friend who was
crushing on her was only making the…passion…inside Ram grow.

 

….Well. Old Man Rom had to admit that this outcome made sense. Two siblings who had
grown up unable to rely on their family, unable to rely on their village, unable to feel true and
uncomplicated affection from anyone who wasn’t their twin sister — and then left with just
the two of them in a strange new environment with few other close relationships to rely on…
If it could have ever ended up going this way, then events like that would be the surest way to
make sure that it did. Rom wondered if Ram had even realized it herself, what sort of look
had been in her eye when she looked at her sister.

 

Anastasia suddenly remembered what had happened back when the twins had arrived at the
manor. When Rem had recalled Ram's most grievous injury, when her mana had sparked to
life, and when Ram had responded by…stimulating her sister's organ with her tongue,
invoking a sweet, electrifying feeling—

 

—Ram, meanwhile, was watching Rem and Garfiel with a fond look on her face. For Rem,
who was usually so tense and reserved, it was rare to see her relaxed and bickering with
someone like a friend.

 

It wasn’t perfect. Rem was still — troubled. But it was nice, to see that she’d been able to
have moments of levity like this with Garfiel.

 

[“Nee-sama?” Rem suddenly asked. “What’s wrong? You haven’t been saying
anything.”]

 

[“Not feeling well?” Garfiel added worriedly. “Should I carry ya? If ya need water,
there’s a place pretty close by.]

 

Even through her unease, Anastasia let amused enough by this exchange to lift a hand to her
lips. “Oh dear,” she chuckled.

 



Tivey and Hetaro glanced at Mimi, glanced at one another, and nodded once in silent
agreement. Mimi didn’t notice anything at all.

 

Ram huffed, watching as her sister and her childhood friend put aside their bickering a
moment out of concern for herself. It was a little embarrassing, and the idea made her cheeks
redden a little bit. But it also made her feel very warm.

 

[“No,“ Ram’s old self smiled, shaking her head. “It’s nothing. It’s just that Rem and
Garfiel’s conversation was really funny. To be exact, Rem was so cute, and Garfiel was
so pitiful.”]

 

[The two looked equally relieved at her usual sort of reply.]

 

Subaru snickered. It was fun, to see Ram so obviously favoring her sister over someone who
wasn’t himself for a change. Though he couldn’t help but feel a little bad for Garfiel.

 

[“Oh, it’s about that time,” Garfiel announced. “Make sure yer prepared to have yer
socks knocked off.”]

 

[“I’m looking forward to it, of course,” Rem said. “But Garf does exaggerate things.”]

 

Julius chuckled. Anastasia and Ricardo both flinched, and then turned his way.

 

“Rem really does act like Tivey and Hetaro, doesn’t she?” he murmured fondly. “Getting all
jealous of her older sister’s attention like that.”

 

Ricardo went still.

 

“…She does,” Anastasia agreed slowly. A pit started gnawing at the bottom of her stomach as
she glanced at the triplets sitting nearby. “She does, actually.”



 

Julius blinked at her, looking somewhat confused by her serious expression.

 

[Ram smiled fondly at her little sister, as if she were looking at one of the cutest things
in the world.]

 

Felt really did hope that she was just imagining things. As an only child herself, perhaps she
just — didn’t get it, when it came to how siblings thought of one another. But she had a
sinking feeling that there was something very — unusual, about how Ram was looking at her
“cute little sister.”

 

[—Garfiel suddenly spread his arms in front of the twins, prompting them to look up.]

 

“Whoa…!” Subaru gasped in the present moment. Across the room, Rem felt that she had to
agree.

 

So many trees, covered in so many flowers and leaves that looked as though they had been
covered in snow. Pure white, glowing like a field full of stars — and yet even through the
whiteness, whiteness which should have been considered cold, the scene felt as though it had
been imbued with the warmth of a gentle smile.

 

—Ram remembered this sight, herself. But even as she remembered it, the sight shown
before her now once again managed to steal her breath away.

 

[The twins onscreen were having a similar reaction to their present selves. Young
Garfiel folded his arms, looking incredibly proud of himself.]

 

Frederica couldn’t help but giggle at the look on her little brother’s face. Garfiel’s cheeks
grew pink, and he huffed as he turned away from her.

 



[“I— I brought a bento,” Rem stammered, sounding nervous. “But is it really alright to
eat here?”]

 

[“Hey, if ya wanna eat, let’s eat here.” Garfiel moved towards the center of the white
sakura trees. “I feel like I’m on the top o’ the world right now.”]

 

[“Hmph…” Rem sighed, pouting at a triumphant-looking Garfiel. “Fine. I’ll admit my
defeat for the sake of Garf’s achievement, just for today.”]

 

Ferris snorted softly. But — it wasn’t like he didn’t understand.

 

If someone else managed to best him in surprising Cruschie, he would have no choice but to
admit his defeat so he could sit back and admire her wonderful face. But he would definitely
sulk about it, at least internally.

 

[“So I am capable of being overwhelmed by scenery…” Ram murmured, too quietly for
the others to hear even as they both beckoned her forth. “…Seems I still have a lot more
to learn.”]

 

Once again, Garfiel felt a surge of pride so great that he felt he might burst. Across the room,
Ram just barely refrained from  chucking the nearest solid object at his head.

 

[Rem had made Ram’s favorite dish for lunch. And thus, the three of them began to eat
steamed potatoes during a wonderful day under the white snow sakura trees.]

 

[“—Garf?” Ram’s voice suddenly asked.]

 

[Garfiel had suddenly fallen asleep with his head on her shoulder.]

 

Garfiel’s face suddenly turned red. Otto started laughing.



 

[“It looks like Garf also did his best because he wanted to show this scenery to Nee-
sama,” Rem noted.]

 

[“…That’s how it is,” Ram said slowly. “Rem, you were Garf’s accomplice.”]

 

[“I had no reason to object since he said that he wanted to make Nee-sama happy, after
all.”]

 

Ram’s irritation abruptly ceased. “Ah,” she said quietly. “I see.”

 

Ram remembered having a realization under those trees about the convenience of the
scenario. The flowers that only bloomed at a certain time of year, the day off that Roswaal
had coincidentally given her at the same time, Garfiel’s guidance…

 

So her sister had been involved with that coincidence as well, had she?

 

[“Did Lord Roswaal know?” Ram was asking.]

 

[“Surprisingly, it seems Garf made the request to Lord Roswaal.”]

 

[“Oh.” Ram exhaled slowly. “…He really is an utter fool.]

 

So it WAS Garfiel, who had ultimately decided on that. Garfiel exhaled slowly. It wasn’t like
he’d begrudge that little sister an attempt to make Ram happy, but he was glad that he really
had been the one to come up with this idea. It was a precious memory of his, after all.

 

(Even if something had been missing from it.)

 



Ram smiled. A gift from her Master, her childhood friend, and her dearest little sister alike.
Even cruelly fractured like this, that memory under the snow-white trees would forever
remain one of her greatest treasures, wouldn’t it?

 

[“Oh, Nee-sama…” Rem suddenly said.]

 

Garfiel yelped, his face turning bright red. “Shit! I forgot about that part!”

 

“You forgot?!” Otto asked in disbelief. “Garfiel, you somehow forgot that Ram—”

 

[“I have tons of compassion and kindness,” Ram declared, having moved Garfiel’s head
into her lap. She ran her fingers through his hair with an affectionate look in her eyes.
“So I guess I’ll show my thanks.”]

 

Giggles were already erupting throughout the theater at the sight of Garfiel’s crush allowing
him to sleep in her lap. Garfiel was squirming, protesting loudly at the amused gazes
suddenly being pointed his way as he turned bright red.

 

Mimi didn’t join in, instead folding her arms with a huff as she turned up her nose. That older
sister didn’t appreciate what she had, did she? Not with that little brother of hers, and
definitely not with Garf.

 

[“Nee-sama,” Rem protested. “I didn’t say that you should do that much…”]

 

[“It doesn’t mean anything special,” Ram dismissed. “Besides, even I’ll let my guard
down for however much Garf does for me. I just won’t go any further than that.”]

 

Ram remembered the realization she’d had, about how much trouble Garfiel must have gone
through to make them bloom. She had wondered: how was she supposed to respond to so
much devotion?

 



[“Such a fool…” Ram’s younger self murmured aloud, currently thinking those very
thoughts.]

 

[“—Um, Nee-sama,” Rem said, a sulky look on her face. “Can you…”]

 

[“Rem?”]

 

Normally, Ricardo would grin mischievously and lean forward, humming something
obnoxious that would make the present-moment Rem turn bright red. But right now he felt —
a little too uncomfortable, to be engaging in that sort of teasing.

 

It wasn’t like he didn’t get how this could happen. It wasn’t even like he thought it was Rem
or Ram’s fault. But if he was right about what was happening here — and he sure did hope he
wasn’t — then it wasn’t the sort of thing that he could encourage.

 

[“I feel kind of jealous of Garf,” Rem pouted. “I want to be spoiled by Nee-sama too…”]

 

In the present moment, Rem felt her cheeks begin to darken at her old self’s shamelessness.

 

Rachins snickered. Rem swatted at him, reddening even further. “Shuush—!”

 

[“Good point,” Ram decided. “I want to thank Rem a lot more than Garf. Here.”]

 

[And Garfiel abruptly woke up with a cry of pain as Ram tossed him onto the ground,
leaving room for Rem to lay her head on her sister’s lap.]

 

“THAT’s what happened?!” Garfiel squawked loudly. His reaction, more than anything else,
was what caused half the theater to break into hysterics.

 



[“It feels like I’m truly loved,” Ram murmured, watching Garfiel raise his voice in
protest. “So it’s not so bad.”]

 

In the present moment, Ram smiled wistfully. Garfiel and Rem — and a couple of others as
well, who would look at Ram and sacrifice their days to try and make her happy. Although
sometimes they really did pull something off on her behalf, it ultimately didn’t really matter
to her if they succeeded in their efforts or not: the effort itself was something that warmed her
like a hearth.

 

It was the sort of thing she cherished deeply, really. More than any title, more than any horn,
this everyday sort of affection was Ram’s dearest treasure.

 

And as she watched with warm eyes, sad eyes, wistful eyes aware of what she had lost both
with the loss of her little sister and now, with—

 

As Ram watched with her little sister, her Lady, her Lady’s enemies, and a black-haired boy
who had only ever wanted to make her happy, the meteor continued onwards.

Chapter End Notes

…For the record. That last side story included the following *direct quotes*:

[The quarrel between her childhood friend and her sister made the passion inside Ram
grow even more, and she had no idea.]

[When she looked at Rem being like that, Ram felt all kinds of, you know, from the
bottom of her heart.]

Which on its own would be — fine, maybe, but. Combining that with stuff like the very
charged poses that Rem and Ram are drawn with in several LN illustrations (ie. Rem on
top of Ram and between her legs with her ass in the camera), how Rem’s relationship
with Ram and her Arc 3 relationship with Subaru are Very Similar Actually, the way that
Rem and Ram are repeatedly shown getting jealous about the other sister being around
men who are romantically interested in her, Ram being the one to design uniforms so
sexually-charged that they canonically helped give Lord Roswaal the reputation of being
a perverted master *specifically because Ram wanted to see Rem wearing it…* If it
were only one of the above it’d be one thing, but with ALL OF IT TOGETHER—



Anyway, that *very possible* implication is too fucked up for me to ignore, so. Uh. I
mean, I guess it’s good that I’m already a psychological horror writer, but man I was not
expecting this.

…Do I need to tag this fic for incest now? Canon-Typical Depictions of Possible
Incest?? What do I DO here???

(Also this isn’t even the only time this happens. Some of the Arc 2 side stories get
Really Weird where the sisters are involved tbh.)

SIDE STORIES INCLUDED:

[Oni Sisters of the Hidden Village Prequel EX]

[Rem and Garfiel’s Very Very Complicated Love Circumstances]



Chapter 17: A Foreign Element Turns The Manor Upside-Down
(Arc 2, Part 12)

Chapter Summary

The years pass by — and then one day, someone new arrives at the Mathers' Estate.

Chapter Notes

Happy Halloween!

See the end of the chapter for more notes

[The years went on, and on, and on. And then—]

 

[“Roswaal-sama,” Rem said one night. “It seems Nee-sama is coming back. It looks like
she’s in a bit of a rush, though.”]

 

Emilia sucked in a breath. “Ah.”

 

So. This was That Night, wasn’t it?

 

[“Hmmmm,“ Roswaal mused. “She’s coming back earlier than plaaaned. Since she’s
coming back soon, that must mean that she had left there at niiiiight. —In a rush…I
wonder if something happeneeeed. Do you know the details?”]

 

Otto scowled. Roswaal was only feigning ignorance, he could tell that much.

 

“Bastard,” Garfiel muttered. In this, the two were in agreement.



 

[“I’m sorry,” Rem apologized. “I don’t know much about the situation. But…” she
listened to her sister through their synesthesia. “It seems Beatrice-sama has work to
do.”]

 

Beatrice blinked slowly. This was the first time that she had been mentioned, over the course
of Rem’s memories.

 

—Of course, she would have been there the entire time. But she had never so much as said a
word to her, it seemed. …Or if she had, it hadn’t been the sort of words that anyone would
deem important enough to mention.

 

She exhaled slowly. What a waste. Four hundred years of…

 

[“Beatrice does? I see…But, that means a bone has been brooooken.” Roswaal put
down his cup. “At any rate, the things Ram does usually aren’t pointless…I think.
Sorry, but can you go find Beatrice? I think she may be a little late, thoooough.”]

 

[“Yes, understood.” Rem curtsied, and then went to do as she was told.]

 

[“Well then,“ Roswaal said as she left. “—Please take care of business, Rem.”]

 

Ram’s eyes narrowed. That was the sort of voice that Roswaal used when he was saying
more than met the eye.

 

[“Judging from the range of synthesia,” Rem mused. “I suppose Nee-sama will be back
in about an hour.]

 

Well. It wasn’t like Ram didn’t already knew what was going to happen next, this time.

 



[“If only the Great Spirit was here, things would be much easier…” Rem sighed.
“Beatrice-sama?” The maid started opening every single door, one by one. “Beatrice-
sama, which one are you in? Beatrice-sama? Beatrice-sama?”]

 

[“Augh! You’re so annoying, loud, and noisy I can’t stand it!” The next door flew open,
and Beatrice stepped out.]

 

Beatrice started giggling. Complaining about that, when right on his way to the manor at that
very moment was…

 

Oh, how experience has its way of placing everything into perspective.

 

[“You’ve been so loud, and you just don’t pipe down, I suppose!” Beatrice snapped.
“What in the world do you want from me at this time of night?!”]

 

[“I apologize, Beatrice-sama,” Rem said. “But, thank goodness you’re still awake.”]

 

[“Hmph, even if I was sleeping, the noise would wake me up. You sure do have guts,
little sister.”]

 

So that was how the two of them had interacted, then. No differently than she had with
anyone else.

 

Well. Beatrice supposed that was to be expected.

 

[She is somewhat above me, in a noble position, Rem thought. This attitude is to be
expected.]

 

—Beatrice winced. Out of everything, THAT had certainly not been the reason for her cold
demeanor.



 

[“By the way, Beatrice-sama, Roswaal-sama needs you for something. I’ve been told
that he really needs your help for it.”]

 

[“For him to summon me through a maid,” Beatrice huffed. “He’s become quite an
arrogant one, I suppose. It seems he’s forgotten that there is no hierarchical relationship
between me and him, I suppose…”]

 

[—But soon, she slumped. “Haah,” she sighed. “You should hurry up and show me the
way before my mood changes, I suppose.”]

 

Subaru chuckled. “You could never resist helping when someone asks, could you, Beako?”

 

[Rem started, having apparently not expected her to agree to help. “Yes, thank you,”
she said quickly. “I’ll show you the way…”]

 

Beatrice smiled, feeling bittersweet. “When someone asks” was the key phrase, there.

 

[“Mm…” Beatrice mused as they walked. “I heard Bubby’s instructions. He said to
prepare a bath, a clean towel, and the guest room, I suppose.”]

 

[“The guest room, you say?”]

 

[“Yes. …It seems that foolish girl is bringing someone back, I suppose.”]

 

Emilia grimaced, remembering the state Subaru had been in that first night. So this was how
the staff at the Manor had prepared for…

 

[The guest room is always ready, Rem thought to herself. All I have to do is prepare some
sheets and let in some fresh air. Then heat up the bath, prepare a clean towel — ah, this



person is wounded, then… No wonder they need Beatrice-sama. She’s a great healer that I
will never compare to.]

 

Everyone shifted uncomfortably at that.

 

“It really is a poor habit of yours, I suppose,” Beatrice muttered. Across the room, Rem could
only agree.

 

[It was dusk by the time that Rem and Ram had finally settled Subaru down in the
guest room, and by the time Beatrice had finished healing his wounds.]

 

[“Now he should be relieved…” Emilia sighed. “Yeah.”]

 

Emilia smiled sadly. She remembered that relief she had felt, thinking that Subaru was finally
safe and sound and out of danger.

 

—Her smile faded abruptly as she recalled again just how wrong that assumption of hers had
been.

 

[“This boy must be someone you met while being separated from Nee-sama,” Rem
assumed, just as she had before.]

 

[“Nope, he’s not.” Emilia shook her head. “Subaru is my…my, my what?”]

 

Rem tilted her head. What HAD she made of that unclear response?

 

[Lady Emilia isn’t trying to put me off, Rem noted. She really does seem at a loss for an
answer. If she’s not trying to hide something, this must be someone whom she has too little
information on in the first place.]

 



Felt grimaced. Of course Rem had been suspicious of an answer like that. An unknown like
that suddenly showing up with no rhyme or reason, just to help out without asking for
anything more than Emilia’s name—

 

No reasonable person would have taken that at face value, even if it was the truth. Subaru’s
compassion and desire to help complete strangers for its own sake even at great risk to
himself was — quite literally — otherworldly.

 

[…Then, perhaps this is the kind of person that mustn’t get close to Emilia. After all, on
top of that suspicious nature, there is also…]

 

[“Rem.”]

 

Ram inhaled sharply. She knew now the true weight of the warning that she was about to lay
upon her little sister.

 

[“This person saved Emilia-sama’s life,” Ram declared, watching her meaningfully.
“Roswaal-sama acknowledged that fact, too. No matter how stupid he looks, he’s our
guest. You do understand what that means, right?”]

 

Miasma or not, we owe this man a debt. That was what Ram had been saying. No doubt she
had understood Rem’s feelings through their synesthesia. Anastasia couldn’t imagine that had
gone over well with Rem, even if she already knew that Rem would never disobey her older
sister.

 

(Well. Almost never.)

 

[“But, Nee-sama—” Rem tried to protest.]

 

(There was one instance where she had very much disobeyed, with disastrous consequences
for the boy sleeping in front of them.)



 

[“Rem.”]

 

[Rem felt as though her sister were staring into her very soul, and she couldn’t say
another word of protest.]

 

Ram had ordered her to stay back. Ram hardly ever ordered Rem to do anything, and yet
back then she had ordered her to…

 

Rem should have just listened to her back then, right?

 

Ram stared at her old self. For all the insistence that Rem follow her lead, back then… When
it came down to it — assisting with Rem’s rampage after the intruder in the woods had
triumphed over this earlier insistence of hers that Rem not do anything to Emilia’s savior.
What a foolish big sister she had been.

 

(It would have been one thing, if Ram had simply assisted in his capture. But instead, she had
cut off his leg and watched as—)

 

[Soon Emilia left to go and study, and Ram left to finish her work. Rem needed to
prepare dinner, but—]

 

[“…Before that,” she muttered, confirming that they were gone — before sneaking into
the guest room and closing the door behind her.]

 

“Ah.” Reinhard blinked. “That’s right. Back then, she had…”

 

[He looks innocent, Rem thought. And Emilia-sama called him a lifesaver. —But who is
this, and what is he after? I can’t believe that he doesn’t have an ulterior motive…]

 



Otto smiled bitterly. Subaru may have called his crush an ulterior motive, but that really was
a stretch: as far as most were concerned, he really hadn’t done any of this for any reason
other than because he thought it was the right thing to do.

 

For most others, that would have been suspicious. But this was the rare case where it really
had just been the result of the man’s personality, because Subaru really did always just want
to help.

 

[Emilia-sama is beautiful, Rem reflected. But she is so vulnerable that just watching her
makes me uneasy, and there‘s no end to people with bad intentions going after her…]

 

Emilia frowned, a little insulted. The idea that she had been so naïve that just watching her
had made Rem uneasy…

 

Perhaps she had deserved that harsh criticism, but it didn’t feel like a very nice thing to say.

 

[Especially because, that foul smell is associated with…!]

 

It was a reasonable suspicion. Ricardo exhaled slowly. It was definitely a reasonable reason
to be suspicious on Rem’s part.

 

That didn’t mean he could condone what she eventually had done, as a result of her
reasonable suspicions.

 

[…Before problems arise, Rem thought, reaching for Subaru’s throat. Before peace is
disturbed, maybe I should do something.]

 

Even knowing that she wouldn’t go through with it — not yet — entire theater seemed to
stop breathing.

 



Crusch swallowed, reaching for her own throat. What would have happened, if Subaru had
died then and there? Would he have opened his eyes to the streets of the Capital again,
perhaps?

 

It wouldn’t have been pleasant, she was sure. Whatever it was that would have happened
next.

 

[“Ehehe,“ Subaru giggled in his sleep, drooling like a slob. “You’re cute even when
you’re mad…parallel worlds, fantasies…”]

 

[Rem blinked, not really knowing what to do with her hands in response to that.]

 

Subaru frowned, having braced himself only to be met without any teasing at all. “Guys…?”

 

It had been a funny thing to hear fall out of Subaru’s mouth, before. Now the atmosphere was
too tense for anyone to laugh at it.

 

[Subaru squeaked. Rem had decided to flick her finger against his forehead. The small
noise of pain gave her a sense of relief and satisfaction.]

 

Rem winced at the sight of her sadistic tendencies rearing their ugly head. Even back then,
before the boy had even opened his eyes, she had felt that way about him.

 

Great.

 

[“I don’t think I’ll ever get along well with this guest…” Rem murmured before she left
the room, her voice superficially polite. “Please leave as soon as possible.”]

 

[But then morning came, and the boy — Subaru — asked to be a fellow servant of the
Mathers Estate.]



 

“—Oh,” Crusch noted. “This is…”

 

Subaru’s behavior—

 

From an outside perspective it would always be a little unclear, perhaps. But, it seemed as
though this were his very first loop in the mansion.

 

["You don't have any other kinds of outfits,” Subaru noted, while Rem was finishing up
taking his measurements that morning. “So, what, it's all maid outfits? What about
when you go out and days off?"]

 

["It is no hindrance to our work here at the manor or when accompanying Roswaal-
sama in public,” Rem replied dutifully. “I think it is a quite logical way to present our
status without need of an explanation."]

 

["Logical ain't the point here…” Subaru shook his head. “I think a beautiful girl has a
duty to wear pretty clothes and bring joy to others."]

 

Ferris still thought that wasn’t all that far off. It was the responsibility that he had shouldered
in Crusch’s place, after all, living as the daughter-like son of her father and household so that
she could be allowed to live her life as a son-like daughter of a duke.

 

["Nee-sama may be another matter. But no one would be pleased were I to dress up."]

 

Ram stared at her beloved little sister with a look of devastation. “Rem…” Emilia trailed off,
looking very sad.

 

In the present moment, Rem looked at how her old self’s miserable attitude soiled the
feelings of those around her and wanted to go back and kick herself for it.

 



[Nee-sama is happy enough seeing me in this uniform, Rem remembered. She said that
she designed it like this because she wanted to see me wearing something cute, after all.]

 

Ricardo choked. Anastasia’s eyes widened.

 

Roswaal L. Mathers had earned a reputation for being unusually lecherous towards his
demihuman workers among the people of Lugunica, though few would ever dare say so to his
face. While this was in part due to his tendency to hire only demihumans as his servants, it
was also spurred on by how the maid uniforms of his manor were unusually sexually-
charged. It was assumed, of course, that their Master had designed them with that purpose in
mind.

 

To hear not only that Ram had been the one to design it, but that she had specifically
designed such an outfit because she wished to see her sister wearing it…!

 

[There’s no reason for me to ever wear anything else, so I am glad that my uniform makes
her happy.]

 

“Huh,” Frederica murmured. “I sometimes wondered why Ram had designed her uniform in
such a way.”

 

Ram exhaled, feeling wistfully bittersweet. She had sometimes wondered that, too.

 

["Even your hairstyles and outfits are the same!” Subaru was complaining, just as he
had before. “Your personalities are different so at least pick different clothes!”]

 

“—Ah,” Crusch said, wincing. “That’s…why she reacted so badly to that.”

 

[Or something like that. I mean, the maid outfits look good on you; and it does kind of
work for twins like you girls.”]

 



Ferris had long gotten used to others commenting on how he dressed to serve his Lady, so he
was able to brush it off quite well by this point. But that first time…

 

["…None of your business,” Rem gritted out, too quietly for Subaru to hear properly.]

 

That first harsh word could be hard to take. Ferris understood that sting on a very personal
level.

 

[Subaru blinked. "Eh?"]

 

["None of your business.” Rem’s eyes were utterly frigid, now. Subaru appeared to have
frozen in place, eyes wide. “What is wrong with my being the same as Nee-sama?"]

 

Everyone watched as Subaru hemmed and hawed onscreen, scrambling for an answer — but
he hadn’t even been given the proper the question, so it was a losing battle from the start.

 

["...Let us go back and not speak silly things.” Rem turned her back on Subaru, voice
cold and firm. “I cannot leave Nee-sama waiting any further, and there is a great deal
you must learn, after all."]

 

Ram watched her little sister walk away, and found herself feeling utterly lost on what she
should have felt — what she could have done — about any of this.

 

["That's being a little too into your big sister…” Subaru muttered behind her. Rem
didn’t bother dignifying that with a response.]

 

Ricardo had the sinking feeling that Subaru was more correct about that than he even knew.
He sighed, exhausted just thinking about it. Those two really were a handful, weren’t they?

 

[—The next morning, the theater audience was greeted with quite the surprising sight.]



 

Subaru choked. “E— EMILIA?!”

 

[“That won’t do, Emilia-sama,” Rem scolded lightly, just managing to stop her
nightgown from slipping off of her shoulder and her hand from reaching towards her
face. “If you rub at your eyes like that, they’ll turn red.”]

 

[“Mm…” Emilia nodded sleepily. “Yes, alright. …But I don’t think it would really be
that bad.”]

 

[“It’s important to take care, even with the little things,” Rem insisted. “Your hair, as
well, needs to be combed, even if it takes a long time. I’m beginning to understand
Puck-sama’s sorrows.”]

 

[“Hmf, you’re so mean…”]

 

Emilia blinked slowly. So, Rem had…

 

Back when her contract with Puck had been intact, the Great Spirit would start every morning
taking care of her hair. Although Emilia had been largely indifferent to her own appearance,
he had simply never been able to leave it alone. That was why he had made it a part of their
contract, after all. And…

 

Had Rem been a similar sort of person to her, back then?

 

[“If you don’t want to take care of it yourself, please let Rem or Puck-sama handle it for
you,” Rem chided, already busying herself with a comb as she stood behind the very
sleepy Emilia.]

 

[Emilia nodded reluctantly. “…Alright.”]

 



“E…Ehm…!” Subaru could feel himself growing dizzy at the very sight. Sleepy Emilia,
nightgown Emilia, Emilia in the dressing room—!

 

“Is it really appropriate to be displaying a Royal Candidate in the dressing room?” Frederica
complained, sounding cross. Lady Emilia didn’t seem to mind, but the impropriety of this
was just—!

 

“I fear that we’re past the point of caring about proper manners at this point,” Wilhelm
admitted. Crusch had to agree: she was just grateful that everyone was fully clothed this time.
Nearby, Julius just sighed in surrender.

 

“—I don’t think so!” Subaru cried, face turning scarlet as he shook his head from side to side.
“EMT— My fragile heart won’t be able to take—!”

 

Beatrice sighed. Emilia could only giggle at Subaru’s extreme reaction to such a benign sight,
a gentle blush lighting up her cheeks.

 

[“Emilia-sama, now that you’ve managed to get up, it wouldn’t do to fall asleep again,”
Ram warned. “Even Ram is sleepy, after all.”]

 

[“Mmmf…” Emilia yawned. “Ah, sorry. Mhmm, you’re right, but I got reeeeeeally
sleepy.”]

 

[“Ram can certainly understand that,” Ram declared, her chest swelling with pride
from where she stood and observed the scene between her new Lady and her little sister.
“Rem’s hands have a heavenly touch.”]

 

Old Man Rom winced uncomfortably at the older sister’s wording. Ricardo exhaled slowly.
Anastasia shifted in her seat.

 

[“Nee-sama, if you keep praising me like that, I’m going to blush…” Rem replied, her
cheeks already turning pink. “Emilia-sama, I’ve finished.”]



 

Felt just sighed. No wonder the Margrave had been eager for Subaru to start befriending
those two, who both had hardly anyone in the world but their beloved twin.

 

[“Oh, thank you,” Emilia said, admiring the pretty braid that Rem had woven with her
gentle hands. “…Mhmm, I’m sure Puck will be very pleased, too. That helps a lot.”]

 

[“Something like this is nothing more than the work expected of Rem,” Rem dismissed.
“But, it’s rare for Great Spirit-sama to not be here while Emilia-sama is having her hair
done.”]

 

Julius blinked. “The Great Spirit…?”

 

“It was part of our pact that he would take care of my hair every morning,” Emilia explained,
in a fond, bittersweet sort of voice. “He had insisted on it, back when the two of us first
joined our souls…”

 

[“It seems he stayed awake too long yesterday,” Emilia smiled. “He was up late playing
with Subaru, so he’s sleeping in today. I just can’t believe him sometimes.”]

 

All across the theater, giggles started to break out.

 

Subaru’s face turned pink. “Oh, be quiet!” he scoffed. “Like you’d be any different, with a
cutie like that…!”

 

“You ain’t helping yer case, O’ Great Fur Connoisseur!” Ricardo cackled.

 

[“With Barusu, you say?” Ram drew her eyebrows together in displeasure. “With all
the work he has to do today, he’s got some nerve staying up late.”]

 



[Rem nodded in agreement. Emilia’s wry smile only deepened.]

 

Failing constantly at his enthusiastic attempts to complete chores around the manor,
complaining about maid dresses, playing with Lady Emilia’s cat-like Great Spirit into the
wee hours of the night… Rem couldn’t imagine how this version of herself could have
possibly seen that boy as dangerous.

 

[“So Barusu’s late night is the reason that Puck-sama is still resting, then,” Ram sighed.
“If he’s making problems not only for himself, but for everyone around him, then it
casts even more doubts on his competence.”]

 

[“But, Nee-sama,” Rem pointed out. “Thanks to Subaru-kun, Nee-sama and Rem can
pick out this morning’s clothing for Emilia-sama.”]

 

Subaru squeaked. Picking out clothes for Emilia-tan—!

 

“Lucky…” he moaned.

 

“Eh?” Emilia blinked, a little confused by his apparent jealousy. “Subaru?”

 

[“That’s true,” Ram conceded. “Barusu can take credit for that, at least.”]

 

[“You’re giving Subaru credit for that?” Emilia titled her head. “Why?”]

 

Ah. Ram smiled, feeling somewhat bittersweet. This — was a memory she would have liked
to have kept. She already had that sense, in her aching chest.

 

[“…You see,” Rem replied. “Choosing Emilia-sama’s clothing has always been Puck-
sama job, after all. There was never any chance for Nee-sama or Rem to give any advice
on the matter. But, today will be different.”]



 

[“As far as choosing clothing is concerned, Emilia-sama has no opinion on the matter,
correct?” Ram added. “Everything is up to Ram and Rem, in other words. It’s a little
bit exciting, honestly.”]

 

“Lucky…!” Subaru cried.

 

Emilia could only tilt her head.

 

[“I… I see.” Emilia’s confusion increased alongside the sisters’ enthusiasm. “I don’t
really understand…”]

 

Emilia — believed that she understood what her old self had been thinking. She had never
really thought about her appearance or how to adorn herself before she had come to the
Manor, and so the truth was that she wouldn’t really have much to add to the twins’
discussion regardless. But at the same time…

 

[“It feels a little sad to be left out…” Emilia murmured.]

 

[But all of a sudden, her eyes lit up. “Oh, I know!”]

 

“—Eh?” Subaru blinked, drawn out of his mournful stupor. “Emilia-tan?”

 

[“Emilia-sama?” Ram asked, her eyes softening somewhat.]

 

[“I just had a reeeeally good idea,” Emilia declared, beaming proudly. “Listen, listen.”]

 

Rem felt herself tensing up. Ram sighed. The mischievous look in their Lady’s eyes was
already putting them both on edge.



 

[“…I’m not sure I want to hear it,” Ram’s onscreen self agreed, exchanging glances
with her sister. “But what have you thought up?”]

 

[“Well, I’m really happy that you’re working so hard to pick an outfit for me,” Emilia
said, raising a finger. “But aren’t the two of you always wearing the same maid outfit?
That seems a little sad to me. —Since we’re here already, I thought I’d like to see what
you have to wear beside maid outfits.”]

 

"YES!" The theater startled at Subaru's cry of triumph. "EMT's the smartest! EMT's the
greatest! EMT's the best!"

 

"Su-Subaru?" Reinhard wondered, looking confused and a little concerned.

 

Oh no. Beatrice sighed, already bracing herself for what was to come. Once THAT side of her
contractor was let out...

 

[“Subaru-kun was one thing,” Rem said. “But for Emilia-sama to be suggesting this as
well…”]

 

[“Oh, Subaru was telling you the same thing too?” Emilia said. “I think I understand a
little better what he was thinking, now. It’s so much fun seeing all your cute clothes,
after all.”]

 

[“Though in Barusu’s case,“ Ram said. “His ulterior motive was obvious, so the idea
was dismissed.”]

 

Otto was fairly certain that Subaru’s ulterior motive had had less to do with the sisters and
more to do with the clothing itself. He sighed. What a troublesome person Natsuki-san was.

 



[But of course, neither of the sisters could turn down Emilia after she’d suggested this
with such an enthusiastic smile. And so, they allowed her to pick out their outfits, and
then they moved to undress.]

 

“—LOOK AWAY!” Ram barked.

 

Given only the briefest of warnings, the entire theater roared to life as everyone hurriedly
scrambled to follow the glaring Oni’s furious order.

 

Anastasia giggled. “A bit of a tyrant, aren’t ya, Ram?”

 

“A maiden must be a tyrant in order to defend her modesty,” Ram replied strongly. “And
especially the modesty of her little sister!”

 

[“Thankya, thankya!” Emilia said joyfully, clasping her hands together in front of her.]

 

Emilia giggled. She would never have seen Ram in anything but her maid uniform before at
this point in time, despite having known her for three or for months by then — and she felt
that she could safely assume much the same for Rem. The clear gratitude in her eyes at being
able to see them both like this made sense, with context like that.

 

[“Emilia-sama, that response shows a lot of Barusu’s bad influence on you,” Ram
sighed.]

 

[“Mhmm, I was trying to do a little impression of him there,” Emilia admitted, looking
on with her hands held together. “But I’m really very happy!”]

 

“—It’s safe now, everyone,” Rem called out.

 

—Ram winced. “Rem…!” she groaned.



 

“Hm?” Rem blinked slowly. “But aren’t we fully dressed, now?”

 

That much was true, but…

 

Ram really could only groan at the dress that Emilia had picked out for her. A soft white
dress, with most of her shoulders and back exposed, and a large ribbon where her headdress
would normally be…

 

Perhaps in other circumstances, Subaru would be overtaken with joy at the sight of Emilia-
tan doing an impression of himself in such a manner. Currently, however, something else had
overtaken his mind.

 

[“Honestly, this is quite embarrassing,” her onscreen self agreed. She twirled around so
that the hem of her skirt lifted and fluttered about, lifted up her arms, posed with her
hand running through her hair. “This look just isn’t me.”]

 

One by one, the denizens of the theater hesitantly turned back to the meteor — only to
respond with everything from giggles to sighs at the sight of the outfits that Emilia had
picked out for the Oni twins.

 

“It really isn’t you at all,” Garfiel muttered, in agreement with both versions of Ram. His
stomach was twisting just looking at the absurd outfit. “My amazin’ self likes ya just how
you are, so please just go back to that.”

 

“Oh, shush.” Frederica cuffed her little brother over the head. “They look adorable, Lady
Emilia,” she declared. “Well done.”

 

Emilia pouted slightly as she noticed the corners of Frederica’s lips twitching upwards.

 



[“As expected of Nee-sama,” Rem declared. “No matter what she wears, her beauty
only shines more brightly.”]

 

Hetaro crossed his arms proudly. Tivey huffed, a similar look on his own face. Mimi looked
back at them both with a look equal parts confusion and amusement.

 

Anastasia watched the three of them with a complicated expression. There was nothing
wrong with appreciating your sister’s beauty in and of itself, but…

 

[“Thank you.” Ram smiled faintly and touched her cheek. “But you look good too, Rem.
Ram is very proud of how cute her little sister is.”]

 

Ricardo winced. It COULD be innocent, but he couldn’t help but feel a little uneasy about
how those two insisted on speaking about one another time and again.

 

Felt barked out a laugh. “Ya look like Beatrice, little sister!” she grinned. “Twintails, and all
those sweet-looking frills…!”

 

Rem sighed, giggling slightly herself as her cheeks turned pink. She didn’t think this cutesy
look suited her very well, but it was a funny image nonetheless.

 

Ram crossed her arms proudly. “My sister and I look great in anything,” she declared. “…
Though, these more youthful sort of outfits aren’t really what I would have chosen.”

 

“A more mature sort of touch would tie them together much more succinctly,” Subaru agreed.
Unlike the others in the theater, his gaze was worryingly serious as he carefully observed the
models onscreen. Ram noticed his concentrated frown and suddenly felt a surge of dread.
“For you, Ram, I think it would do wonders to add more shape by cinching the dress at the
waist, which would accentuate your curves in a similar way to your maid uniform. The
frillier outfit would perhaps benefit from a petticoat, meanwhile, as well as a different top to
expose the shoulders and keep the composition somewhat bottom-heavy instead of
overwhelming the eye with detail from every angle—”

 



One by one, the denizens of the theater slowly turned to observe Subaru’s verbal ruminations
on the twins’ outfits. Otto buried his face in his hands with a groan.

 

[“Mmmmhm.” Emilia nodded. “It’s just as I suspected. It’s a terrible waste for the two
of you to be wearing only maid outfits all the time. We’ve discovered something here,
don’t you think?”]

 

“Absolutely!” Subaru declared. “It’s an absolute travesty for a pretty girl to only wear the
same outfit all the time. She should bless the world with her shine in all sorts of different
lights. EMT is the smartest in the world—!”

 

Emilia could only laugh fondly at her silly knight.

 

[“Our uniforms are in accordance with Roswaal-sama’s will, so Ram can only agree
with him,” Ram said. “However, it was thanks to Emilia-sama that we could see Rem
look this adorable. …I’d like to say that, at least.”]

 

Subaru nodded twice, face proud. “EMT to the max!” he crowed. “The greatest in the
world!”

 

Across the theater, the denizens had to fight to stifle their laughter.

 

[“You’re reeeeally not telling us everything, Ram,” Emilia pressed. “Don’t you agree,
Rem?”]

 

[“Rem is pleased to be able to see Nee-sama in her uniform every day,” Rem declared.]

 

Anastasia winced. Once again, that was the sort of remark that could easily mean nothing.
But she thought of the nature of that uniform again, the one that Ram had designed
specifically because she wanted to see her little sister wearing it, and…

 



[“Working, going out, shopping, fighting, serving…” Rem was counting the different
variants on her fingers. “They are everything we need.”]

 

[Emilia deflated somewhat. “But they’re all maid outfits…”]

 

Subaru felt similarly. “What a waste, for a pretty girl to wear the same thing every day,” he
groaned. “I just don’t understand it at all.”

 

Anastasia hummed. Felt titled her head. Crusch crossed her arms, observing Subaru with a
curious look on her face. Otto noticed all of this and groaned loudly, cursing his friend’s
troublesome personality.

 

[“Just kidding, Emilia-sama,” Rem said, giving a rare smile. “Rem really enjoyed seeing
Nee-sama’s cute clothing, too.”]

 

[“…Really?” Emilia perked up. “That’s good to hear. But you look reeeeally cute too,
Rem.”]

 

“You do!” Subaru said eagerly. “Rem looks adorable! Rem-rin to the max!”

 

“Ah—” In the present moment, Rem couldn’t help but flinch at his enthusiasm — only to
immediately feel guilty at his look of disappointment, and even more so as he quickly tried to
hide it. “Th— Thank you, Subaru,” she said, trying to smile warmly at him. She didn’t think
she was doing it right.

 

[“Thank you very much,” Rem replied, but she was looking up at the time crystal,
which had turned a deep green. “However, we should probably get back to work soon.”]

 

Daily chores for Rem and Ram, and Emilia’s daily ritual with the lesser spirits. Emilia knew
that Rem was correct about needing to move things along.

 



But still, even now…

 

[“That’s too bad,” Emilia’s old self noted. “But I suppose we can’t keep on playing
forever.”]

 

[“Yes, that’s right. On top of that, if we don’t change quickly, it’s not impossible that
Barusu might show up and misunderstand what’s going on. Ram really wouldn’t want
Barusu to see her like this.”]

 

“Too late,” Ram muttered, hating this for very different reasons than she may have expected.

 

“I’m just saying that if you perhaps switch out the big bow on your head for a ribbon around
your waist, it could give you a softer sort of look without stripping you of your more mature
type of charm—”

 

[“Ahah, too bad for him,” Emilia smiled. “Oh, but wouldn’t you want to show Roswaal
that outfit?”]

 

Ram cringed at the very thought. —But for some reason, even knowing that it was the right
thing to do, the idea of refusing outright left an odd ache in her chest. Next to her, Rem tilted
her head, feeling somewhat lost.

 

[Ram hesitated for just a moment, and then shook her head as if clearing it of regret.
“Ram can imagine what Roswaal would say about it,” she murmured. Seemingly in
agreement, Rem began to undo her tied-up hair.]

 

It was lonely, and unfortunate. But, there was nothing that could be done. It was that kind of
moment. In the present, Emilia could only sigh in quiet disappointment.

 

[“Sorry, sorry, Lia,” Puck’s voice suddenly said, and the crystal around her neck began
to glow. “I slept in. Were you able to wake up alright?”]



 

“—Eh?” Emilia asked.

 

[The Emilia onscreen blinked. “Ah, Puck…!”]

 

[And then Puck was there, rubbing his eyes.]

 

Subaru squawked. “Puck got to see you two like that before me?!” he cried, sounding
wounded.

 

“Bubby isn’t as annoying at Betty’s contractor!” Beatrice retorted, abruptly reaching her limit
of how much of his rambling she could take.

 

Ram grimaced. She didn’t really like the idea of being seen by Puck in that outfit, either.

 

—Well. Everyone else in the theater had, by now.

 

[“Oh, what’s this?” Puck’s eyes grew round at the sight of the sisters, still changing
their clothes. “Not only Lia, but the other two are dressed up cutely today as well.”]

 

Ram curled her lip in discomfort. Rem winced. “Urk…”

 

[Rem and Ram looked at each other, and then they both fixed their eyes on Emilia.]

 

[“Somehow, being seen by Puck-sama isn’t pleasant either…” Ram said.]

 

[“It’s rather strange,” Rem agreed. “Rem feels the same way as Nee-sama. What do you
think we should do about it?”]



 

“Vengeance!” Garfiel crowed, laughing aloud. Frederica swatted him upside the head.

 

[“Umm, I’m not really sure what to say…” Emilia suddenly clapped her hands. “Ah, I
know!”]

 

Beatrice stiffened at the look on Emilia’s face. That twinkle in her eyes… It reminded her of
how her contractor had looked, whenever he had gotten a new idea for how to mess with her
until she threw him out of the Forbidden Library.

 

“…What are you planning, I wonder?” she muttered.

 

[“What’s the matter, Lia?” Puck asked, floating down onto Emilia’s open palm. “You
look a little… Hmm, you look like a child getting into mischief.”]

 

[“Well you see, Puck,” Emilia said mischievously. “I understand a little better how Puck
feels. So, I thought that it’d be nice for Puck to understand a little better how I feel,
too.”]

 

“—Oh no,” Julius realized, dread entering his voice. “Subaru’s rubbed off on them a little too
much, hasn’t he?”

 

Next to him, Ricardo snickered.

 

[“It’s important to understand each other,” Puck agreed slowly, expression showing a
rare moment of disquiet at Emilia’s deepening smile. “But I’m getting a bad feeling
about this… Hey, hold on, wait!”]

 

[But Emilia didn’t wait — and neither did Ram or Rem.]

 



“Ah,” Subaru laughed, listening to Puck’s loud, moot protests. “So that’s how that
happened…!”

 

[“Bubby, you look wonderful,” Beatrice cooed later that morning, as breakfast began in
the Mathers Estate, cradling Puck to her cheek. “Even if it’s not your usual appearance,
it’s making Betty’s heart melt…”]

 

In the present moment, Beatrice squealing with a similar feeling of overwhelming delight.
The rest of the theater broke out into laughter.

 

[“Haha, thank you, Betty,” Puck said, decorated with ribbons and a lovely dress made
from a handkerchief and lace. “But, if you’ll please avoid drawing too much attention to
how I look, it’ll help to preserve the little pride I have left.”]

 

“Oh, what fathers put up with for the sake of their daughters!” Ricardo cackled.

 

Anastasia sputtered. “What is THAT supposed to mean?!”

 

“Lady Emilia certainly has unique tastes!” Crusch giggled.

 

Her cat-eared knight huffed next to her, puffing out the chest of his ribbon-clad body proudly.
“Ferri-chan thinks that Lady Emilia’s tastes are perfect!” he declared.

 

“I think all of her outfits were quite wonderful,” Reinhard agreed, voice absolutely sincere.

 

Felt flinched. “Don’t even THINK about it!” she snapped at him from across the room. The
very thought of being decked out in such insane frills made her shudder.

 

[In his usual seat next to Emilia, Subaru stared at Puck with wide eyes.]

 



Wilhelm hadn’t laughed at the Great Spirit, but he couldn’t help but start chuckling at the
look on Subaru’s face. Not that he could blame him, of course.

 

Julius shook his head, amazed. That Great Spirit must love Lady Emilia very, very much, to
put up with such treatment for her sake.

 

[“Hey, what’s going on there?” Subaru whispered to Emilia, hand held to his mouth as
though he were trying to be discreet. “I’m pretty tolerant towards the idea of dressing
up pets, but did you do that, Emilia-tan?”]

 

[Emilia hummed. “Well…”]

 

[Behind Roswaal at the head of the table, which Subaru was currently facing away
from, the two maids each raised a hand.]

 

Subaru’s eyes widened in recognition. “The fox sign…!”

 

[“Emilia-tan?” Subaru asked, oblivious.]

 

[“Subaru…” Emilia stuck out the tip of her tongue, and then she winked. “I can’t tell
you.”]

 

It was a secret that would remain between the sisters and Emilia. —Or at least, that was how
it had been intended.

 

Subaru pouted theatrically, crossing his arms. “You’re so mean, Emilia-tan…”

 

Emilia giggled softly. It had been intended as a secret that would remain between them,
perhaps… But she would rather have that memory and share it with others, than to never be
allowed to know of it at all.



 

[And then the next morning, Ram apparently decided to share a bit of the day’s prior
fun with their new coworker. Rem’s mind practically screeched to a halt when she saw
her sister’s handiwork standing in the hallway, adjusting his headband as he prepared
for the day.]

 

The theater broke out into titters at the reminder of that particular event. Subaru turned bright
red. “Oh, be quiet!” he snapped. “Be quiet, all of you—!”

 

“I can’t believe he stayed like that for the whole day,” Hetaro giggled.

 

“Well,” Tivey teased. “With as enthusiastic as Subaru apparently is about feminine
clothing…”

 

Otto groaned loudly. Next to him, Garfiel snickered.

 

[“Are you leaving at this hour, Lady Emilia?” Rem asked that night.]


 

Emilia giggled. Subaru could be so silly sometimes. But, that was one of the things she loved
about him the most, wasn’t it?

 

[“I'm just going to go to the garden,” the Emilia onscreen answered. “I still haven't
been able to talk to the spirits today because of the confusion this morning…” She
smiled. “And I can't break that promise.”]


 

Ricardo snorted loudly. “Confusion is one way to put it,” he grinned. “But Subaru-chan sure
did look cute in a maid dress, didn’t she?”

 

Subaru squawked loudly. “I don’t wanna hear that from YOU!”

 



Julius blinked. “Who would you like to hear it from?” he asked, voice rather genuine.

 

“I think it’s pretty obvious,” Tivey sighed.

 

Subaru sputtered and snapped and tried to come up with some excuse, but his face was red
enough to make it pretty clear that Julius had gotten him good. Whether he actually had
meant to or not, perhaps: Anastasia could tell that he was still waiting for a proper answer.
She had to fight back a laugh.

 

[“Confusion...” Rem closed her eyes, and her voice turned a little harsh. “Do you mean
Subaru-kun?”]

 

“That was hardly my fault!” Subaru cried.

 

Ram pretended not to notice the amused glances flickering her way, holding her chin high.





[“W-Well…” Emilia smiled uncomfortably. “Yes, but…”]

 

[“Any problem you have, please don't be shy to talk to us,” Rem said. “Especially
considering that Subaru-kun became an employee of the mansion.”]

 

—What problems did Rem suspect Emilia may have had?

 

Felt sighed, feeling tired. It had been reasonable for that girl to dislike Subaru, considering
her history with the witch cult. But it didn’t make this aspect of their relationship any easier
to watch.

 

[“It's not that I feel shy,” Emilia said softly. “It's true that it all started because of
Subaru…but I have a part of the blame for being so entertained with his
conversation.”]




 

—Was she talking about the crossdressing incident, or something else? In the present
moment, Emilia titled her head. Perhaps she was speaking of two different things at once.

 

[“I can't be privileging only Puck,” Emilia was saying. “Otherwise the others will be
upset. So I usually take the time to talk to them every morning, so they can help me
when I need it most.”]

 

[“I didn't know about these details of the technique of manipulating spirits,” Rem
admitted. “I know very little about it.”]


 

It wasn’t like she needed another weapon in her arsenal. The thought of her morningstar was
more than enough to make Rachins shiver with fright. And then, combining that with her Oni
blood…



[“It is normal, not least because there are very few spirit users,” Emilia was reassuring
her. “Did you learn to use magic with Roswaal?”]


 

[“Yes. I learned the basics from Nee-sama when we were children, and since we came
here, I have been instructed by Roswaal-sama.”]

 

Ricardo nodded slowly. Lessons in magic from the Red, Green, and Yellow Mage would
make Rem a formidable magic user indeed. Though as far as combat was concerned…

 

It was difficult to imagine a more terrifying weapon for that girl than her trusty morningstar.

 

[“I hope I don't get involved too much in situations that you both need to use magic,”
Emilia said worriedly.]

 

Felt winced. Hard. “Big sis…”

 



[“I understand your concern, but it will be inevitable,” Rem warned. “What happened
in the Capital was only the beginning. I am sure that similar incidents will be repeated
throughout your candidacy.”]


 

It was a rather harsh response, but Emilia found herself smiling. Rem’s strictness — with
others and herself alike — it really was a great quality of hers.

 

Anastasia couldn’t help but agree with Rem, an uneasy feeling in her chest. What a naïve
thing for a prospective ruler of a country to wish for.

 

[“I know. I can't be naïve forever, let alone look down after receiving so much help from
Roswaal and the two of you.”]

 

[“Nee-sama and I just obeyed Lord Roswaal's orders,” Rem dismissed, bowing
respectfully. “Of course, it will be a great satisfaction to be able to help you, Lady
Emilia.”]

 

[Emilia almost bowed back, but remembered not to at the last minute.]

 

Crusch giggled. Those sorts of rules had been difficult for her to get the hang of herself when
she had first woken up in the Karsten Estate. Next to her, Ferris only sighed.

 

[“So, I'm going to go to the garden,” Emilia said. “I promise not to stay long.”]

 

[“Yes, Lady Emilia.” Then Rem blinked. “Ah, one last thing: what should I do if
Subaru-kun asks me where to find you?”]

 

Subaru suddenly straightened up, feeling a little nervous. Emilia…

 

What had she really thought of him, back then?



 

[“Don't worry,” Emilia smiled. “You can tell him I'm in the garden.”]

 

Subaru practically melted in his seat, his eyes big and round and warm. “EMT…!” he
breathed.

 

Nearby, Emilia’s cheeks turned pink. “Dummy,” she murmured, too quietly for him to hear
her. “Of course that was my answer.”

 

[“Are you sure?”]

 

[“Yes. I don't want to treat Subaru as a hindrance: I just need to take my obligations
more seriously.”]

 

Crusch felt a pang. Emilia had been so fond of Subaru, right from the very start. Even when
he was just a servant boy in the Manor, it seemed that he had been someone very, very
important to that girl.

 

It was painful, to know how it all had ended — on four separate occasions.

 

[“In addition…” Emilia giggled. “I'm a little curious to know the continuation of the
conversation I had with him in the morning.”]

 

Anastasia sighed. So that was her true motive. Not her duties, but…

 

[“Lady Emilia,“ Rem scolded lightly. “Do you take obligations seriously, or just listen to
Subaru-kun’s stories?”]

 

[“I-I know!” Emilia said hastily. “But I will really do everything right.”]



 

Felt laughed. Having been badgered by her infuriating knight day in and day out about her
obligations as a Royal Candidate for the past year, she felt that she understood what Emilia
was feeling almost painfully well.

 

[“By the way,“ Rem suddenly said. “If I may ask the question, what was the
conversation you were having with Subaru-kun about?”]

 

[Emilia thought for a second, and then answered with a question of her own. “Do you
usually look at the night sky, Rem?”]

 

“Ah.” Emilia smiled. “So that’s the conversation I was so taken with, back then…”

 

Anastasia blinked. “Lady Emilia?”

 

All those stories from Subaru’s homeland about the nighttime stars… Emilia’s smile turned
sad, when she remembered how Subaru himself was so very, very far from home.

 

(Well. Even as far away from home as he was, at least Subaru still had the stars.)

 

[“The night sky?” Rem echoed. “I don't think much… At most, I am guided by the stars
when I have to go out at night.”]

 

[“I know, and I was like that too.” Emilia approached the window, looking up at the
night sky. “But that is not it.”]

 

“They’re very pretty,” Mimi declared.

 

“…They are,” Tivey agreed uneasily. “But, I’ve heard worrying rumors about the starts from
Vollachia.”



 

“Vollachia is terrible,” Hetaro dismissed. “You shouldn’t be paying anything from there any
mind at all, Tivey.”

 

Julius smiled uneasily. Knowing what he did about Stargazers, he was inclined to agree with
Tivey over Hetaro, here.

 

[“When you have an opportunity,” Emilia suggested, as Rem followed her gaze with a
curious expression. “Ask Subaru about the stars. I'm sure that, like me, you will also
have fun looking at the sky at night.”]

 

…But Subaru had likely been stargazing many, many times, if he was so familiar with them.
So perhaps Julius could trust that he, at least, would be fine.

 

["...What have you been doing?” Rem frowned, having walked in on Subaru’s odd,
door-checking behavior just a little later that same night. “Checking the condition of
the lock?"]

 

["Oh yeah, I thought I heard a creak in the hall the last few nights...” Subaru tilted his
head. “So that was you, Rem?"]

 

"Ah..." Rem exhaled slowly. So, she had been watching him suspiciously every night, had
she?

 

“Ah…” Julius exhaled slowly, for very different reasons. “So it’s this night, then.”

 

It was strange, to look at the unassuming boy before them and understand that he was a dead
man walking.

 

["Is something bothering you?" Rem asked.]

 



["Nah.” Subaru shook his head. “This led to the archive of forbidden books with the loli
girl till just now; it's gone, though."]

 

["Did you want something from Lady Beatrice?” Rem tilted her head. “You could ask
me if you prefer…?"]

 

["Just saying hi before going to sleep,” Subaru dismissed. “Nothing big."]

 

Beatrice sank into herself.

 

Emilia noticed, but shamefully couldn’t bring herself to say anything. She was — still a little
angry herself, perhaps.

 

Otto watched them both and let out a sigh.

 

[Subaru shook his head again. “What, you're still working, Rem?” he asked. “Better
turn in. Morning’s coming quickly."]

 

["I'll sleep after I do the dishes. At the moment, Nee-sama is serving tea to Lord
Roswaal, you see."]

 

["What the heck are those two doing at almost past midnight—?!” Subaru sighed. Rem
didn’t answer him. If her sister hadn’t wanted to tell him about her treatment, then she
certainly wasn’t going to do it. “Ah, well, that's fine."]

 

Old Man Rom smiled somewhat grimly. Ram had been very fortunate, to be taken in by one
of the only people in the kingdom capable of regularly providing enough mana to medicate a
Reincarnation of an Oni God with a missing horn.

 

[“Don’t suppose chances like this come up much,” Subaru said, reaching up to touch his
hair as Rem stared at him, wondering how to proceed. “Doesn’t look like it bothers you



any.”]

 

Rem winced, hard. It hadn’t been his hair that had bothered her so much. It had been…

 

He hadn’t even known about it, and it certainly hadn’t been his fault. Really, it had more been
something that had been forced upon him, alongside the attention of an evil Witch intent on
using him as her personal plaything.

 

(She had hurt him terribly because of THAT. The sheer injustice of such an action still made
Rem’s head spin.)

 

["...No,” Rem agreed. “Until now it has not bothered me that much, or somewhat, or
even a little bit."]

 

["Geez, downplaying a bunch of times back-to-back makes it sound like it really
bothers you!"]

 

It wasn’t his hair that had bothered her so much, but it had very much bothered her a lot. But
then, even feeling like that, Rem had—

 

["—If you like,” Rem suddenly decided. “How about I do it now?"]

 

“Ah,” Ferris muttered. “That’s right. Nyew offered to cut his hair back then, didn’t nyew?”

 

["What — now?” Subaru looked rather startled. “It's pretty late, isn't it?"]

 

["A quick cut and wash will not take very long,” Rem dismissed. This was as good a
way as any to try and reach out to him, right? He wouldn’t even need to know that she
had been thinking anything different. Her wonderful big sister, effortlessly giving her
such an opportunity… “If I do not,” Rem teased. “I cannot fulfill the cherished desire
you confided in me from your own lips, Subaru."]



 

Ram smiled sadly. At the very least, it was of some consolation that her intervention in this
first timeline had allowed for such a smooth transition into her sister’s leap of faith. Even if
that leap had no doubt been met with heartbreak the very next morning, it was still something
of an accomplishment.

 

Anastasia sighed. With as desperately in need for company outside of each other as those two
were…

 

It was a shame, that such a genuine step forward for Rem had only blown up in her face.

 

["Cherished desire is a little much!" But then Subaru started to think about it — really
think about it — and visibly deflated. "…Sorry, Rem,” he apologized, looking rather
sheepish. “I've made a promise to go out with Emilia tomorrow. I've gotta get up early
and take care of work quickly, so I really can't do it tonight..."]

 

["Is that so...” Rem shook her head. Right, she thought. I can’t expect him to drop
everything and… “No, I was being unreasonable.” Why did she feel disappointed about
something so silly? “I'm sorry."]

 

I’m sorry, too, Subaru thought sadly.

 

It — would have been nice, if he could have just said yes to this Rem back when he’s had the
chance.

 

["—How about tomorrow night?" Subaru offered.]

 

[Rem blinked. "...At night, you say?"]

 

["My condition for the promise with Emilia is getting all my work wrapped up. There's
no special work scheduled for tomorrow afternoon, so after that, since it's still on your



mind..."]

 

Crusch felt her heart sink in her chest. She really had intended to try, hadn’t she? She really
had…

 

But it just — was never meant to be, perhaps.

 

Anastasia wanted to grit her teeth in frustration. All that determination, all that rallying, all
that readying for a first step— wasted, because Subaru was going to die before either of them
could make good on this.

 

Felt just turned away. This was just too hard to watch.

 

[He still didn’t understand anything, did he…? But that made him more trustworthy than
anything else possibly could have, didn’t it?]

 

[“Understood,” Rem decided. “Tomorrow night it is. —This is a firm promise, you
understand?”]

 

“And that promise never came,” Rem murmured. Though of course, it hadn’t been Subaru’s
fault at all.

 

—She really had tried, in that first week. She had watched, and she had waited, and she had
determined that Subaru was exactly who he presented himself as: a boy who knew nothing
but would do his best at everything he could. The fact that Rem had offered to cut his hair
that night was the mark of an enormous step forward for her, in which she had honestly tried
to accept…

 

And then Subaru had died in his sleep, cursed by a monster without ever even knowing a
thing. What a waste.

 



[The next loop also had Subaru becoming a servant of the Mathers Estate, after a very
confusing outburst that left Rem and Ram scrambling all over the manor in a desperate
attempt to find him.]

 

Once again, Emilia felt her heart ache at the thought of all that she had lost without ever even
being allowed to know of it. The look on Subaru’s face, the sound of his shaking voice — it
only made it so much worse. Her upper lip quivered, and she bit the inside of her cheek in her
effort to fight back tears.

 

[But eventually things started to settle, and although Rem watched him suspiciously
once again, nothing seemed to happen.]

 

[He’s most likely a person who grew up in a very fortunate environment, she concluded.
He has likely had almost no experience engaging in hard work before now. That’s why his
fingers are pretty, and in some areas he lacks knowledge and common sense needed for
life.]

 

Subaru winced. That was — embarrassingly accurate.

 

Ricardo huffed with amusement. Considering all that he had heard about Subaru’s homeland,
Rem had probably been quite spot-on with that assessment. It sounded like a place where
danger and back-breaking work were much else prominent, and where softness and good
fortune was abundant.

 

His amusement was short-lived. To take someone who had grown up in an environment like
that and dunk them into this disgusting mess, which would be far too much even for a native
of this world… Ricardo wanted to give whichever spirit or god or whatever had thought
THAT would be a funny joke a good punch to the face.

 

[“…Subaru-kun,” Rem asked one afternoon. “What are you doing?”]

 

[—And in exchange for that, being able to enjoy something like latte art is a sign of the
frivolity of the upper class born from a life of ease.]



 

Old Man Rom frowned thoughtfully. It really was, wasn’t it?

 

Not for the first time, he wondered what sort of world Subaru must have come from, where
such gentle and frivolous hobbies had apparently been commonplace. It must have been a
very pleasant sort of world indeed, really.

 

[It’s not a good thing or a bad thing, Rem shrugged. Nobody can choose their birth, and
regardless, he’s making an effort to learn his job. Regardless of the results.]

 

Emilia blinked. So that was how Rem thought of the world, was it?

 

…After a moment, she smiled. If that were the case, then perhaps she didn’t need to worry so
much about the kind of space that her silver-haired self had occupied in the girl’s heart. Not
like she had been particularly worried about it — not with how Subaru had always spoken of
her — but it was comforting, all the same.

 

[So, even if one were to overlook that he’s playing like this during his break time...]

 

“Kinda dumb of me, I know.” Subaru laughed, rubbing the back of his neck. “Really,
surprised she didn’t give me a real scolding back then…”

 

Rachins frowned. “Weren’t you on break?” he asked. “Why’d anyone get mad at you for
playing with latte art while you’re on break? Did she expect you to keep…?”

 

Then he faltered.

 

—Rem would work through every single break she had, herself. So, perhaps for her to harbor
such expectations wasn’t so far-fetched after all.

 



[Subaru managed to convince Rem to try out the latte art — but just as everyone had
seen before, she wasn’t very good at it.]

 

“You sore loser,” Rachins cackled, watching Rem fume over her mess of an attempt before
turning to snap at Subaru to get back to work. Felt smacked him, but she was snickering, too.

 

Rem huffed, crossing her arms as her cheeks turned pink.

 

[“...Rem,“ a voice said a little bit later. Rem jumped. “What are you doing?”]

 

Subaru barked out a laugh. Beatrice startled at the sudden sound. “You kept at it?!” he
exclaimed, grinning with delight. “Oh, Rem, if you were that taken with it you could have
told me about it sooner…!”

 

Emilia couldn’t help but smile warmly at Subaru’s wild glee, her eyes soft.

 

[“…Isn’t this what Barusu was playing at?” Ram noted, looking at the countless cups,
the warmed milk, the coff, and her guilty-looking little sister.]

 

[I’ve been at this for nearly an hour now, havent I? Rem realized. Break time has long
since passed, and Nee-sama came to find me because she got frustrated…]

 

“More like curious,” Crusch corrected, amusement fading into unease. “She was probably
just wondering where you had gone, Rem…”

 

Ram couldn’t imagine getting frustrated with her precious little sister. Especially not over her
finally setting aside time for play.

 

[How shameful — and worst of all, Nee-sama found out…!]

 



Frederica’s smile faltered. “Shameful…?” she echoed.

 

Of all the people Ram would say such a thing about… Rem really didn’t get it, did she? Not
even after all those years.

 

“—There’s nothing shameful about playing,” Garfiel muttered, looking somewhat pained.
“It’s not…”

 

Rem hadn’t really known how to just — play, had she?

 

[“It’s rare for you to lose track of time playing at this sort of thing, Rem,” Ram
observed.]

 

[“I…I’m sorry, Nee-sama,” Rem hurriedly apologized. “I’ll clean it up right away. I’ll
catch up right away on my work, too. Oh, I should never have been doing something
like this…”]

 

[“Don’t be silly, Rem,” Her big sister’s expression softened. “I’m not upset about it. I
just thought it was unusual.”]

 

Otto sighed. Far from it, he was sure that Ram had seen her playing with coff and milk and
felt a great sense of joy.

 

Work was one thing, because Rem was great at working hard. But she never had figured out
how to play. Ram must have been sad, watching her struggle with something like that.

 

[Abruptly, Ram poured coff into an empty cup before picking up the milk that had been
placed nearby.]

 

“—Ah?” Subaru smiled. “So you decided to go ahead and give it a try after all, did you,
Ram…?”



 

Garfiel chuckled. Not the sort of thing he’d expect from Ram, but he supposed she would do
just about anything for her little sister.

 

[“Doing her work with all of her might is one of Rem’s good points, but occasionally it’s
good to do something with all your might even if you can’t expect any results from it,”
Ram said, eyes trained on the task before her. “If there’s no leeway in your heart,
nothing will ever go right for you.”]

 

Rom nodded slowly. “Good advice,” he commented.

 

Felt snorted. “I can think of someone who could benefit from those words,” she muttered,
glancing at Reinhard from across the room. Not like he ever needed to stress about the results
of anything he did, but learning how to put aside work for play was not all that dissimilar.
She hoped the dumbass was paying attention.

 

[“…Are those Roswaal-sama’s words?” Rem asked.]

 

[“Yes, as expected of Roswaal-sama.” With gentle eyes, Ram set down the milk and
stared into her cup. “They’re wonderful words. I feel the same way, too.”]

 

Ricardo grinned. “Wise master they’ve got there,” he commented. “…What are your thoughts
on those words, Ana-bo?”

 

Anastasia furrowed her brow, too distracted to respond to the nickname. “…It’s advice that
this one could make good use of,” she finally allowed.

 

As a woman who prided herself on always having her hands full with something or other,
Anastasia found little more frustrating than participating in something that could not give her
anything in return. Even with this latte art, her first thought had been what she could use it
for, not to enjoy it as-is like a hatchling content with any old worm the world may bring it
through its mother’s mouth.



 

But perhaps Rem was the sort of person who could benefit from burning off nervous energy
without worrying about the results. She wasn’t the sort of person Anastasia worried might
grow slothful if presented with too much leeway, nor was she the type that seemed prone to
slacking off in terms of quality the moment someone wasn’t holding the reins. So — perhaps
Anastasia could acquiesce, where Rem was concerned.

 

Ricardo chuckled. Perhaps his little girl still had a bit of growing up to do yet, but she was
coming along. First she had learned to accept his open hand, so one of these days she may yet
learn to put aside that hunger of hers to do something for its own sake. He had a feeling she
would manage it yet.

 

“—Wait,” Subaru suddenly squawked, eyes going wide. “You did it that perfectly on the first
try?!”

 

[“This is…” Rem frowned, peering at Ram’s finished latte art. “A pattern I’ve never
seen before. A pattern… No, a letter…?”]

 

A proud smirk crept its way onto Ram’s face. “Of course,” she said simply. “Ram is amazing,
that is simply fact.”

 

“You even got the lettering right…!” Subaru groaned, covering his face with his hands in
frustration. “Damn it, how did you pick up on everything so quickly?!”

 

[“It seems that this is how you write ‘older sister’ in the letters of Barusu’s homeland,”
Ram said, rolling her eyes. “He insisted I look at it while he was studying in the evening,
so I learned it no matter how little I wanted to.”]

 

Crusch smiled. Of course that was what Ram had decided to write, of all things. Of course.

 

[I’ve never seen that letter before, but there’s no mistaking that it was drawn with an
incredible amount of skill…!]



 

[“Were you practicing latte art as well, Nee-sama?” Rem asked, looking up at her with a
somewhat shy expression.]

 

[“Not really,” Ram answered. “It’s called latte art, is it? I simply imitated what Barusu
was doing earlier.”]

 

[For just a second, Rem’s breath caught in her throat.]

 

—Rem stilled, catching that momentary shift in her past self’s demeanor before anyone else
could have the chance.

 

[“Impressive as always, Nee-sama.” Rem smiled softly, pushing her momentary
hesitation aside before Ram could think to question it. “Subaru-kun will be jealous, too,
no doubt.”]

 

[“It might be entertaining to crush Barusu’s areas of expertise one by one like that,”
Ram noted, amused. “Regardless, that’s enough of this for now. I’ll clean this up and
catch up with you.”]

 

Hetaro giggled. For as much as Rem waxed poetic about following behind her big sister, it
seemed that Ram was always the one having to catch up with Rem, nowadays.

 

Really, though. That sort of attitude was typical of little siblings.

 

Tivey frowned, eyes suddenly suspicious. “What does THAT look mean, Onii-chan?”

 

Nearby, Mimi giggled at her two precious little brothers.

 



[Rem watched her big sister leave, and then glanced from the coff cup she was carrying
away in her two hands — completed perfectly with a single try — to the many, many
examples of her own fruitless attempts lines up on the counter.]

 

[“…You truly are impressive, Nee-sama,” Rem murmured.]

 

In the present moment, Ram abruptly deflated. “Rem…”

 

Her little sister was already taking away all the wrong lessons from what she had tried to tell
her, wasn’t she?

 

[Myself, unable to create a single thing I am satisfied with, and Nee-sama, able to complete
it so easily and skillfully. —I should have already understood that, but this reminder is a
harsh prompting towards self-reflection and self-discipline.]

 

Julius swallowed. Ram had written with great skill, it was true. But she had written “older
sister.” Rem was so focused on the details, had she somehow failed to realize the core of
what her big sister had been trying to tell her? Julius feared that she had, and miserably so.

 

[“Well, all of this needs to be cleaned up, then,” Rem sighed. She tasted Ram’s cup of
coff, careful to avoid damaging the pattern drawn in milk. “Mm…bitter.”]

 

Yes. It was very bitter, indeed.

 

Rem had no doubt that her feelings of inferiority towards her big sister had been bitter in
taste. But bitter, too, was the understanding that she had missed everything important that
Ram had been trying to tell her by focusing on the aspects of the situation that did not matter
at all.

 

[To better the quality of the coff, I’ll have to teach Subaru about my own area of expertise.
“First,” Rem decided. “I’ll have to teach Subaru-kun how to grind the beans.”]



 

Subaru watched with a solemn expression on his face.

 

She was trying to tell you all along, you idiot, he thought. His inner voice sounded much
more tender than the words would suggest. Your big sister was trying so hard to tell you what
you needed to hear. Why couldn’t you have just listened to what she was trying to say?

 

Rem had understood eventually, of course. But Subaru couldn’t help but mourn all the
opportunities that had been missed within that decade in which her clock had been stopped
inside her heart.

 

[“Oh my,” Ram’s voice said. “Emilia-sama?”]

 

Subaru screamed loudly, jolted violently out of his somberness and immediately dashing to
cover his white face with both hands and spin around, showing his back to the meteor.

 

He wasn’t the only one. Half the room had immediately gone into an absolute panic at the
sight of a naked Lady Emilia in the bath, shouting as they moved to shield their eyes for the
sake of the dignity of the Royal Candidate.

 

“Wha— Why is THIS being shown?!” Emilia shrieked, face turning a bright scarlet. “Don’t
— Isn’t the bath a little too private for this?!”

 

As one of the only people in the room who hadn’t recoiled in a panic at the sight onscreen,
Anastasia snorted softly. “Ya didn’t seem all that bothered in the dressing room, Lady
Emilia,” she pointed out teasingly.

 

“My nightgown and my birthday suit are two very different things!” Emilia exclaimed in a
high-pitched voice. “This really isn’t— I really don’t think ANY of this should be allowed in
the baths, you know!”

 



Nobody says ‘birthday suit’ anymore. Subaru was far too shaken to voice that sentence aloud,
his heart battering the inside of his chest like a trapped bird. Emilia, Emilia-tan, EMT — in
all her naked glory—!

 

Subaru might actually die of overexposure if he looked at the meteor now!

 

[“It’s quite rare for you to be bathing at this hour,” said the Ram onscreen, sounding
remarkably unbothered. “Would it be better if we come back later?”]

 

[“No, it’s fine.” Emilia shook her head. “I wouldn’t say something as mean as that.”]

 

[“I see. Thank you very much. Rem, do come in.”]

 

In the present moment, Rem shrieked.

 

And Rem, too?! Subaru squeezed his eyes shut, feeling as though he were about to faint from
the suggestion alone. A quiet, shrill squeaking noise forced its way out of his throat. An
overdose, a lethal measure, if he were to submit to the urge to turn around and look he would
be utterly done for—!

 

Ram, at least, was covered with a towel — as was Rem. The blue-haired girl relaxed slightly
at that small bit of mercy, though she still wasn’t sure how she felt about all these people
seeing her like…!

 

[“Nee-sama,“ Rem said as she emerged from the changing room behind her sister. “It’s
alright since it was Emilia-sama who was here before us, but what would you have done
if it had been Subaru-kun? That wouldn’t do.”]

 

Subaru screamed into his hands, shaking his head frantically from side to side.

 

[“When you put it that way, that’s true,” Ram agreed.]



 

On the other side of the room, Rem snorted softly at the sight of Subaru’s terrified reactions,
shock fading into mirth. She had a feeling that such an incident would somehow scar him
more than it would her or her sister.

 

[“If Subaru-kun was looking at nee-sama with his dirty eyes,” Rem declared, “Rem
simply couldn’t tolerate it.”]

 

[“If that happened, I’d simply have to gouge out his eyes,” Ram decided. “His last sight
would be a parting gift from me.”]

 

Ram huffed, crossing her arms. Only the faintest of blushes was on her cheeks: all the men
had managed to realize that they had to turn around without her needing to remind them, so
there were no heads that needed to roll toda—

 

…Hm. She didn’t care much for that adage anymore.

 

“Nee-sama…?” Rem managed, face bright scarlet.

 

“Ram has nothing to be ashamed of,” Ram declared. “And neither does Rem. All the men
have averted their filthy eyes, dear sister, so please be at ease.”

 

“—Boss Lady?” Mimi whispered, blinking curiously at Anastasia’s intent, focused stare.

 

Ram’s body was delicate, but it was also rather well-sculpted. Anastasia couldn’t help but
admire it: maintaining a healthy physique was an accomplishment for anyone, but for
someone who struggled physically like Ram did, it was something beyond that.

 

Yes. As easy as it may be to mistake her attitude for such a thing on the surface, there was
nothing slothful about Ram at all.

 



[“There’s no need to say scary things like that,” Emilia was frowning. “Subaru is a good
boy.”]

 

[“Perhaps your estimation of him is a little off,” Ram replied, finally stepping into the
bath. Her face relaxed slightly at the warmth of the water.]

 

Anastasia giggled. Crusch smiled warmly. Ram narrowed her eyes, suppressing an
embarrassed blush.

 

[“…What’s the matter, Emilia-sama?” Ram asked, noticing Emilia’s faint smile. “You
seem amused.”]

 

[“Mhmm, just a little. Even Ram relaxes a little in the bath, it seems.”]

 

Garfiel blinked behind his closed hands. She did? Of course, he had never seen—

 

“Don’t even think about it, Garfiel!” Otto hissed, not even needing to see him to know that he
was considering turning around.

 

[“I’m not a doll, after all,” Ram said in a hard, flippant voice, even as her expression
tightened slightly in embarrassment. Looking at her self-conscious face, Emilia seemed
a little regretful at having pointed out Ram’s reaction. “Though i won’t deny that I’m as
pretty as a doll.”]

 

[“Nee-sama’s way of always being resolute is wonderful, of course,“ Rem said as she
entered the bath across from her sister. “But I also think that the way she lets down her
guard in the bath is adorable as well.”]

 

Anastasia suddenly remembered part of the conversation that Roswaal and Subaru had had in
this very bath — earlier in this very loop, no less! — concerning those very two sisters.
“Those two are a little too perfect for each other, you see.”



 

Hmph.

 

[“Oh, you mean that this always happens?”]

 

[“Yes,” Rem confirmed, a rare sort of humor in her voice. “It’s Nee-sama’s little
secret.”]

 

“None of you say anything,” Ram snapped.

 

Felt snickered nearby. “Oh, come on,” she teased. “Everyone relaxes in the bath, don’t they?
It’s nothing to be embarrassed about…”

 

“I told you not to say anything!”

 

Anastasia smiled wryly. Crusch chuckled. Ram glared at them both, but they hadn’t said a
word, so there was nothing she could say back.

 

“Hmm…” Emilia found herself smiling. With how Rem always seemed to be building walls
between herself and others…

 

It was nice, to see Rem treating her old self so casually. She could tell that her old self felt
much the same.

 

[“…Rem,” Ram said. “Let’s not have too much of that."]

 

[“Sorry, Nee-sama. I just can’t help talking about how wonderful Nee-sama is.”]

 



She really couldn’t, could she? Old Man Rom sighed. There was the usual sisterly respect
and adoration — which was strong enough on its own — and then there was…

 

[“Well I suppose it can’t be helped,” Ram allowed. “I’m a Nee-sama that anyone would
boast about without thinking twice.”]

 

Hetaro and Tivey both nodded in proud agreement, thinking of their own big sister. —Not
paying attention to either of them, Mimi crossed her arms at the pink-haired girl on the
meteor, unconvinced.

 

[Emilia looked delighted at their behavior, and it wasn’t hard to see why. With Rem
being unusually open and casual with her, and Ram being especially warm towards her
little sister…]

 

[“It really is a lovely change,” she murmured, watching the two happily.]

 

It was. Frederica could agree wholeheartedly with that. It was a lovely change, indeed.

 

And she could make an educated guess, as to what had caused it.

 

[“—Do you think that, when you’re naked in the bath, you can forget unimportant
things and speak freely…?!” Emilia suddenly exclaimed.]

 

—Well. Frederica coughed politely. Perhaps not THAT.

 

Crusch blinked, a little bewildered by Emilia’s decision. “That’s — one conclusion?” she
offered.

 

Mimi frowned. “What does being naked have to do with anything?”

 



“W-Well,” Hetaro offered hesitantly, red face still firmly hidden from the meteor by his
scramble to turn around. “There’s no hiding anything with clothing when you’re naked, is
there? Maybe being physically naked can make you feel more mental lt vulnerable as well,
and help you bring down your walls…?”

 

“I think both of you are looking too much into this!” Tivey cried.

 

[“Emilia-sama, what’s the matter?” Ram asked.]

 

[“Oh, oh my…” Emilia breathed. “I think maybe…I just figured out something
amazing…something like the real truth about the world…”]

 

Felt shook her head. Big Sis really could be something else sometimes.

 

[“Nee-sama, Nee-sama, it’s terrible. It seems Emilia-sama is becoming dizzy.”]

 

[“Rem, Rem, it’s terrible. It seems Emilia-sama is half-asleep.”]

 

[“Even though I’m in the bath?!”]

 

“Please stop specifying that, Lady Emilia!” Julius begged, desperately turned away from the
meteor with both hands covering his face.

 

Next to him, only really having turned around due to the sense that he’d be bothering the girls
a little too much if he did not, Ricardo couldn’t help but bark out a laugh at his companion’s
overreaction.

 

[“Mmm.” Emilia lowered her head into the bath, blowing bubbles through her nose.
“The two of you are so mean…”]

 



[“Emilia-sama,“ Rem cautioned. “It seems to me your imagination is being poisoned by
Subaru-kun.”]

 

[“R…Really?” Emilia blinked, looking troubled. “That couldn’t… Hmm, I don’t think
that could be…”]

 

“Captain does have that tendency, doesn’t he?” Garfiel said fondly. Otto nodded, eyes soft
behind his hands as he remembered how much of an impact that man had had on him in just
their first week together. Everyone left a bit of a mark on everyone they touched, perhaps, but
Subaru had a tendency to mark everyone with his entire heart and soul, didn’t he?

 

“Subaru’s like that,” Julius murmured. Wilhelm could only silently agree, unable to voice the
true extent of his feelings on the matter due to how strongly they flowed through his veins.

 

Really, Reinhard thought, it didn’t matter how long you knew some people at all: some
people, like Subaru, really did need just a moment to nestle their way into your heart and
soul.

 

—Felt snickered. “Though if that’s the case,” she teased. “Aren’t you two…?”

 

[“But, if you’re going to say that,” Emilia teased, though she was only half-joking. “The
two of you spend a lot more time in contact with him, right? If being in the tub and
naked doesn’t make a difference, then maybe you’re changing because of Subaru-
kun?”]

 

Old Man Rom chuckled. That would be far more likely, yes.

 

[“That would be…” Rem began.]

 

[“…Utterly impossible,” Ram finished.]

 



Frederica snorted softly, rolling her eyes. It sounded like a sharp retort on the surface, but she
had known Ram, at least, for long enough to know that there was no real rejection in her
voice.

 

“You two…” Emilia sighed. She hadn’t bought it either.

 

—They really had already changed so much because of him. In every loop, it seemed, the two
of them had…

 

He had changed Emilia, too. And Emilia knew he had changed Otto, and Garfiel… Perhaps
everyone who stumbled upon Subaru’s path came away with a little piece of him. It was a
nice thing to think about, really.

 

[“Although,” Emilia murmured sadly. “I’m not really sure it would be good to let him
stay here too long and get caught up in things…”]

 

Emilia’s smile faded.

 

She thought she had grown past this, almost a full year ago. She felt like she had reached a
resolution. She thought she had figured it out.

 

But — Subaru had died in the manor. He had died trying to save her seven times.

 

…Had her old self been right all along?

 

[The twins narrowed their eyes and said nothing for a long moment.]

 

—No. Emilia shook her head, slapping her cheeks to wake herself up. No: Subaru was
HERS. Subaru had — had stuck by her through thick and thin, and he was happy, and he was
doing well. There was no reason to retread old ground like this.



 

(From across the room, Lady Anastasia watched Lady Emilia silently and said nothing at all.)

 

[“Perhaps that’s not something you need to worry about, Emilia-sama,” Ram finally
said.]

 

[Emilia blinked. “Ram?”]

 

[“Regardless of what Barusu thinks,” Ram declared. “If he doesn’t prove useful as a
servant, he’ll be asked to leave in the near future. This decision has been left to us, so
please don’t trouble yourself about it.”]

 

Subaru flinched.

 

Ram winced. Hard. Of all the people to hear something like that about themselves, Subaru
was probably the one who would be stung by it the most. She turned to face him. “Subaru—”

 

“It’s alright, Ram,” Subaru assured her, smiling to mask the hurt that had blossomed in his
chest regardless of the fact that he’d understood exactly what Ram had been doing. “I get it.”

 

[“…Thank you,” Emilia said softly.]

 

Deliberately harsh words like that, in the face of Emilia’s sadness and concern about placing
himself in danger by involving him in the Royal Selection… She had been offering to play
the villain, to chase Subaru away if things grew too dangerous so that Emilia’s heart would
be spared.

 

“It was a kind thing for you to say to her,” he insisted. “It was… You really are a kind person,
Ne— Ram.”

 



Ram just stared back at him, feeling oddly helpless.

 

[“It seems that Ram and Rem really are kind when you are naked,” Emilia smiled.]

 

Crusch cringed. “Do you have to keep specifying that, Lady Emilia?” she pleaded.

 

[“Please, stop adding ‘when you are naked’ to that,” Ram agreed.]

 

[“Indeed, Emilia-sama,” Rem declared. “Nee-sama is always kind, even when she isn’t
naked.”]

 

Felt choked. Rachins broke into a coughing fit.

 

“Of course,” Wilhelm nodded, just barely managing to keep a straight face. “That is indeed
an important distinction to make.”

 

[Ram sighed.]

 

As the bath and the theater both relaxed into a quieter sort of atmosphere, Rem finally found
herself taking the chance to look at her own naked body.

 

It was strange, perhaps, to have never seen herself in a mirror before. Stranger still, to only be
familiar with her current body as it felt in her blue nightgown — or, perhaps, as it appeared in
a maid dress. Rem hadn’t considered it before, but now she couldn’t stop thinking about what
she looked like underneath…

 

With her naked twin sister right there for comparison, identical in nearly every way, it was
somewhat easier for Rem to start conceptualizing herself as a physical being with traits that
could be named. Both of them were — slender, and perhaps they looked a little bit more
youthful than they were. They had somewhat delicate builds, but they were also sturdy and



fit. Did the two of them perhaps exercise regularly, or was it more a mark of their heritage?
Either way…

 

But there were differences there, too. The hair was obvious, but their eyes, too, were
different. Rem had never really thought about it before, but even putting aside the color…
Rem’s eyes were a little bit gentler than Ram’s, somehow. She was a far more vicious person,
but her eyes didn’t seem to reflect that reality very well at all.

 

—And also. Was it just her, or were Rem’s breasts…?

 

Ram blinked. “Rem?” she asked.

 

Rem froze as she realized that her twin sister had turned to catch her in the act of squeezing at
her own chest, trying to get a feel for their approximate size beneath her nightgown. “Uh,”
she said.

 

[“…Oh, for heaven’s sake,” a new voice said grumpily. “It’s just one thing after
another.”]

 

Beatrice startled. “Eh?!” she exclaimed. “Betty, too, is—?!”

 

(Rem breathed a sigh of relief for the change in subject.)

 

[“What’s the matter, Beatrice-sama?” Ram asked. “Is it Barusu?”]

 

[“That’s exactly correct, and that makes me furious, I suppose. He really is a truly
aggravating person!” Beatrice practically stomped into the room. “‘Door Crossing’
doesn’t work on him, so this is the only place I can escape, I suppose.”]

 

Even turned quite firmly away from the meteor, Julius snorted in mirth. So Subaru had been
annoying enough to chase a Great Spirit into the Manor’s bathhouse. Impressive.



 

[“Even Barusu wouldn’t dare launch an attack on the bathing room, after all,” Ram
noted.]

 

Subaru made a horrified noise at the very thought of such a thing, shaking his head its hardest
yet. Emilia’s laughter at his scarlet visage rang in his ears. He couldn’t decide if it were a
soothing balm or salt in his wounds.

 

[“That was my thought as well.” Beatrice folded her arms and stalked over to the
corner of the bathing room. “I’ll just have to spend some time here, I suppose.”]

 

“—Don’t get OUT of the—!” Crusch broke off with a sigh, giving up. It wasn’t like all of the
men in the room hadn’t long scrambled to turn away from the meteor by now, anyway.
Nearby, Felt couldn’t help but laugh. Anastasia chuckled softly herself.

 

Emilia folded her arms, face bright pink.

 

[“…What do you want?” Beatrice scowled up at the naked Emilia, who had left the
bath and walked over to greet her. “Betty is only here to spend some time.”]

 

[“Don’t say that,” Emilia relied. “You’ve already come to the bathing room, Ram and
Rem are here too, wouldn’t it be nice for Beatrice to have a bath too?”]

 

[“It wouldn’t be nice at all! I can’t imagine why you’d say that, I suppose.” Beatrice
made a motion like she was shooing the insect that was Emilia away. “It’s certainly not
funny.”]

 

“Oh no,” Beatrice muttered, watching the twins nod in unison as Emilia glanced behind her.
She didn't know what they were planning, but she already had a feeling she wouldn't like it.

 

“Hmm…?” Emilia started to grin.



 

[“…Wait a moment, I suppose,” Beatrice frowned. “What’s the meaning of that signal
just now?”]

 

[“Oh, it’s nothing,” Emilia smiled. “…Ah! Beatrice, Puck is washing himself!”]

 

[“Oh?!” Beatrice spun around, thoroughly distracted. “Where, I suppose?!”]

 

“—You didn’t!” Beatrice gasped.

 

Emilia never would have done anything like this before Subaru arrived at the manor, she
knew. She would have kept her distance and left Beatrice to herself. But in just this short
amount of time, that boy who often surprised her, who often seemed incomprehensible, who
always appeared with a laugh and approached near-everyone around him as a dear friend had
—

 

[Emilia promptly picked Beatrice up and tossed her towards the bath, making her
shriek.]

 

Julius choked. “Lady Emilia—!”

 

Ricardo laughed loudly, slapping his thigh. “Learned to annoy Great Spirits from the best, did
she?!” he crowed. “The twins were right, little lady: he’s been a bad influence on ya!”

 

Tivey started, his eyes going wide. “Captain, please watch what you say to a Royal
Candidate!” he cried out.

 

Emilia giggled, cheeks pink. She didn’t look offended in the least.

 



[“What are you thinking—?!” Beatrice stopped herself mid-arc, attaching her body to
the air itself and. “No matter, it will take more than this!”]

 

“Oh dear,” Otto muttered, seeing the twins moving closer moments before they struck. Next
to him, Garfiel cackled.

 

[“Come now, Beatrice-sama,” Ram smiled, grabbing one sleeve. “Don’t be like that.”]

 

[“Stay with us a little while,” Rem agreed, grabbing the other. “I’ve always wanted to
try washing Beatrice-sama’s hair.”]

 

[“You...You wouldn’t!” Beatrice cried — and then there was a splash.]

 

Crusch laughed. “It seems that Subaru has been a terrible influence on everyone in the
manor,” she teased.

 

“Poor Beatrice,” Wilhelm chuckled, nudging his mirthful lady with his shoulder. “A bad
influence, indeed…”

 

[“The three of you are completely under the influence of that strange fellow!” Beatrice
shouted as she spat out bathwater, somewhere between a cry and a roar as she glared at
the three who had dunked her in. Emilia only giggled in response.]

 

“Hmph!” Beatrice folded her arms as her camp broke into laughter all around her. “The lot of
you are as annoying as they come, I suppose!”

 

She didn’t mean it, and it was obvious. Emilia could only smile at the warmth building in her
chest.

 

[The meteor shifted away, but it was clear that the girls continued to spend quite a while
in that peaceful place.]



 

“—It’s safe, Subaru,” Beatrice muttered. “You can open your eyes now, I suppose.”

 

Hesitantly, Subaru peeked out from between his fingers.

 

[And then, on the fourth night, Rem was doing her usual patrol when…]

 

“—Oh no,” Crusch murmured, already bracing herself.

 

[A pitiful retching sound. Weak cries for help. Rem followed the same path she always
took, and the subject of her prior suspicions came into view.]

 

Emilia sucked in a sharp breath at the sight. Subaru was…

 

She had already known that this was coming. She had already known to brace herself for it.

 

So…why did it still hurt so much to see him like this?

 

[“He…” Subaru choked out, practically crawling along the wall. His eyes were glassy.
Trails of vomit and saliva dribbled from his mouth, mixing with the sweat that had
dribbled down from his brow and the teardrops that had crawled down his cheeks.
“He…”]

 

“Ah.” A much darker, more shameful sort of embarrassment suddenly colored Subaru’s
voice. “So, that’s what I looked like…”

 

[The sound of chains echoed through the hall, blurring out the faint moaning sounds of
a man on death’s door. Rem took aim, and—]

 



“But why did you miss?” Rem asked aloud. “By this point, your control is…”

 

Maybe it was sadism, born from the fact that she had never quite gotten to the point where
she had decided to trust him. Maybe it was because she had first thought him to be attacking
the Manor, and hoped to question him first. Maybe her hand really had just slipped.

 

Rem would probably never really know the answer to that.

 

[The second blow crushed his head — and then Subaru woke up screaming, miasma
erupting all around him. Rem startled backwards, clutching onto her sister with wide
eyes as they watched their guest writhe and shout in pain, yelling something about his
arm.]

 

“—It makes sense, right?” Subaru suddenly said. All embarrassment had gone from his
voice, now, replaced with a definite sense of unease. Everyone turned to face him. “It does,
doesn’t it?”

 

[The third loop came, and Subaru asked to be a guest.]

 

“Subaru—” Ram said, already sounding exhausted.

 

“No, listen!” Subaru snapped. “You saw — all of that. You know what she went through. And
then I showed up, and—!”

 

[Rem watched him carefully from a distance as the foul-smelling boy snooped, and
wrote in a strange language, and tried to befriend the people of the manor.]

 

Anastasia exhaled quietly. Crusch squared her shoulders. Felt leaned her cheek against the
palm of her hand, a wince on her face. It really was like he had tried to be as suspicious as he
possibly could. Snooping around, asking strange questions, writing in what looked like code,
knowing both far too little and far, far too much… It was somewhat ridiculous to watch, from
the outside looking in.



 

But even then—

 

“What else was she supposed to do? She had faced all of this before, see, and to her this
would have seemed like more of the same! Of course she — had to act. If she hadn’t, and I
really HAD been a witch cultist, then—!”

 

Rem ignored Subaru’s desperate attempts to once again pitch her defense, her eyes locked
onto the meteor. So, this was what had happened.

 

This old Rem had fought witch cultists before. She had been harmed by them before. Her
assumed mercy had been trampled upon by Fogg attempting to use her healing magic as an
opportunity for a sneak attack to torture her himself, her assumption of an innocent
personality in Sergei had been rewarded with the grisly sight of Dudley’s remains in the
carriage, her failure to act in time in the Capital and at the Miload Manor had resulted in
innocent lives being threatened, or perhaps even lost. So, when faced with Subaru, she had…

 

Perhaps her — decisions — were a little easier to understand, now that Rem had the context
of her own prior experiences.

 

[And then, Rem watched as he told her sister a story.]

 

“Ah,” Rem breathed, hearing the story of The Red Oni Who Cried with fresh ears. “So, that’s
why you thought I wouldn’t like it.”

 

—Really, though. She had a feeling that this was the story that her old self would have
needed to hear, regardless of how little she would have enjoyed it. She sort of wished that
Ram hadn’t tried to stop him.

 

[And then Subaru had left, and Rem had been relieved to be rid of him. —Until she
noticed that his scent was not receding as it should. And then when she investigated, she
found him waiting in the forest, watching Lady Emilia’s bedroom window.]



 

“—Do we really have to watch this again?!” Subaru demanded, in a voice that was more like
a plea.

 

The answer was evidently yes, because the meteor kept going.

 

[Rem found Subaru by the cliffside, looking over the Mathers’ Estate — with a clear
view of Lady Emilia’s bedroom. He must have been out here for a long while, because
his eyes were slowly fluttering shut as he began to drift off.]

 

[She didn’t hesitate, throwing her morningstar right at his head—]

 

Even knowing that Subaru would dodge it, Rem recoiled away from the meteor.

 

Mimi stared, aghast. “He was falling asleep,” she said flatly. “If you had just waited two
minutes, you could have just tied him up and dragged him back for questioning.”

 

“There are a lot of things I could have done,” Rem muttered.

 

[The intruder had been ready for her, it seems: he had tied himself to a tree, the rope
breaking his fall as he leapt off the cliff. Then he cut it with a knife — ROSWAAL’s
knife! — and fled.]

 

[But it was clear he didn’t know these woods, not nearly as well as Rem did. It was
pathetically easy to drive him into a corner.]

 

Ricardo watched with a painful feeling in his stomach. It hadn’t even been a contest: this
poor boy had been utterly outmatched from the very start.

 



“You could have subdued him easily,” Hetaro muttered. “You could have driven him
anywhere. You could have…”

 

But she didn’t, Tivey knew. Rem hadn’t done anything else — because deep down, she
hadn’t WANTED to do anything else. The moment she’d had an excuse to hurt that outsider
who reeked of the Witch of Envy, she had leapt at the chance with both hands outstretched.

 

Rom sighed. Everyone had their vices, he guessed. It was a shame that Rem’s had resulted in
such a catastrophic outcome for everyone involved.

 

[—It was so frustrating, when he managed to grab her morningstar by its chain.]

 

["Now, show yourself, bastard!” The man shouted.  “I've gone through a lot of trouble
to see your face!”]

 

She could have easily ripped that thing out of his hands for another swing, Julius thought
with despair. As an Oni, she was many times stronger than Subaru could ever even hope to
become. He wasn’t even holding the chain with both hands. And the way he was waving
around the knife he had stolen from her household, almost like a taunt…!

 

["You leave me no choice.”]

 

[But she didn’t. Instead, Rem stepped out into the moonlight to confront this interloper
face to face.]

 

Why hadn’t she just struck him where he stood, Rachins wondered? She was capable of it.
He knew that she was capable of it. He knew that her words there had been little more than
an excuse. Rem could have killed him then and there, the moment Subaru assumed he had the
upper hand…

 

Felt pressed her lips together. Rem had wanted some sort of confrontation with Subaru from
the very start, it seemed. Had she even known that she wanted it? Had she even understood



why?

 

Frederica swallowed. She wondered if, perhaps, some subconscious part of Rem had been
readying herself to torture this boy since the moment he arrived at the manor.

 

Wilhelm wanted to admire Subaru’s bravery. He was too distracted by how he knew this was
going to end.

 

Rem knew that Subaru had been suspicious. She knew that her old self would have had
plenty of reason to suspect him of the worst. She knew that her old self would have been
right to expect a fight, at least at first…!

 

But then Subaru had looked so very devastated when she finally revealed herself, stepping
out into the moonlight to be confront him.

 

["It's kinda cliché to ask,” the witch cultist said nonsensically. “But…why are you doing
this?"]

 

[Rem but back a harsh retort at the stupid question, keeping her voice calm and
mannerly. "It is nothing complicated. You are suspicious, so I will render judgment as a
maid should."]

 

Crusch sighed, heart heavy. Anastasia rolled her eyes. What a ridiculous excuse for her to
make when she was going directly against her orders from her master and sister alike.

 

Otto knew that Subaru was suspicious. He would have been suspicious of Subaru in a
situation like this himself. He would have watched him constantly, prepared ceaselessly for
the moment of attack, readied himself for anything and everything…!

 

But appearances could be deceiving, because Subaru hadn’t been planning anything at all.

 



There was nothing Reinhard could do but brace himself for what he knew was coming next.

 

["Does Ram know about this?" he asked.]

 

[Ridiculous, that this creature would ask her about Nee-sama, of all people. “I intend to
finish this before Nee-sama is aware of it.”]

 

Ferris scowled. Going behind That Person’s back to do what That Person directly ordered
you not to do, and then saying that it was for That Person’s sake…!

 

He would never do that to Lady Crusch. Never, never, never…

 

Ram exhaled slowly. For her sake, again… And this time, while so flagrantly going against
everything she had told her. Oh, Rem.

 

[—Ridiculously, the intruder looked relieved. Rem raised her eyebrows.]

 

Ram wondered what Rem had made of Subaru’s relief, in that moment. Had she assumed that
Subaru was relieved that her big sister wasn’t there to punish him? Or had she, somewhere
deep down, recognized his puppyish hope for the innocent adoration that it truly was?

 

["So you decided this on your own?” the cultist prodded. “Roswaal didn't order you?"]

 

["I will eliminate all who oppose Lord Roswaal's wishes. You are merely one."]

 

["Man,” Subaru taunted. “Can’t he train his lapdogs not to bite at people just passing
thro—”]

 



[A bolt of rage at his audacity ripping through her, Rem struck him across the face with
the very chain he had grasped in his hand. “You shall not insult Roswaal-sama,” she
snapped.]

 

Ram would have responded similarly, in her sister’s shoes. Perhaps she would have even
responded worse. Rem didn’t harbor romantic feelings for their master, but it seemed that
they both had developed a similar sense of loyalty to the man over the course of those
almost-ten years.

 

["Ah, that's what it is…” The disappointment on the man’s voice was palpable. “That's
how little you trust me, huh?"]

 

[“Yes." Did he consider them idiots? He must have thought they were stupid, if he
thought…]

 

Garfiel knew that Subaru was suspicious. He had considered Subaru suspicious himself, once
upon a time. But now…

 

Reid, Great Dragon, Od Laguna — PLEASE tell him that he had never done something like
this back in Sanctuary!

 

["Damn, just look at me.” Subaru laughed, but his disappointment seemed to be
turning into something like despair. “I thought I'd done all right, but I was so wrong..."]

 

[For the first time, Rem hesitated. "...My sister—”]

 

What had she been about to say, Beatrice wondered? What had she been about to say, about
—?

 

Ram really had been fond of him. The present older sister exhaled slowly. Rem had probably
known that her big sister had been fond of him, whatever she may have said later. So back
here, had she…?



 

Perhaps there had been a chance, Emilia thought sadly. Perhaps back then, when Rem had
hesitated for just a moment—

 

["—I don't wanna hear it! Take this!"]

 

[The witch cultist’s surprise flash attack took her off guard, and then he slammed into
her, knocking her over. By the time she came to her senses he had already fled.]

 

But of course, all of them already knew how this was going to end.

 

[Rem cursed herself for hesitating as she raced after him. He was going to get away.
She’d had him cornered, she’d had him right there, but she had hesitated for just a
moment, and now he was—]

 

[If Nee-sama were here, she never would have—!]

 

[—A sudden blade of wind sliced off the witch cultist’s leg effortlessly, sending him
tumbling to the ground.]

 

Even knowing that it was coming, Ram flinched violently at the disgusting sight.

 

[Ah. Warmth filled Rem’s chest.Subaru’s screams of pain echoed in the forest behind
her as he writhed against the ground. Nee-sama…]

 

Ram started to tremble, a fresh sort of horror dawning through her soul as she realized the
true impact of her interference.

 

She had cut off his leg, perhaps maiming him permanently. She had grounded him, allowing
Rem to finally catch up. —But she had also given Rem her implicit permission to do



whatever it was she felt she had to do.

 

This was all her fault, wasn’t it?

 

["Mana of Water,” Rem declared, her hands glowing blue against the open wound.
“Heal this body."]

 

Ferris swallowed shakily. Once again, he would have to watch the art of his soul be
perverted. Once again, he would have to watch as…

 

[“R-Rem…?” the witch cultist whispered. “You’re…?”]

 

[Ridiculous, that this thing had the gall to hope for mercy from her. She smiled back at
him, keeping her voice as even-tempered as always did, nowadays. “I will not be able to
ask you anything if I let you die so easily.”]

 

She had done this before, Ricardo knew now. And it made sense that she had. These motions
were practiced. There was no hesitance in her eyes. She looked like she knew exactly what to
do next.

 

"Murder becomes a habit." Regardless of what had happened to her, that was how she had
conducted herself — and so this was the kind of person that the little Oni girl had grown into.

 

[When she was done, Rem stood up, letting her morningstar fall in his direct line of
sight. It crunched against the earth, the warning clear. The cultist’s pupils latched onto
it with a look of terror.]

 

Wilhelm glared at the offending weapon with a look of utter hatred. His fists clenched until
his knuckles turned white in his lap.

 

He knew what was coming next. Everyone did.



 

["I am confiscating this.” With that, Rem took back Roswaal’s stolen property. It was
easy: the man’s grip was as tight as he could make it, but she was many times stronger
than this pathetic thing.]

 

She had definitely been toying with him, back at the cliffside. Ferris curled his lip in disgust.
With how much her strength outstripped his, there was no way Subaru had been holding back
her weapon with just one hand. Rem — at least a part of her — had wanted it to end this way.

 

[“Had you stabbed me with this earlier,” Rem mused, eyeing the blade. “You would
have been able to flee a little farther."]

 

[Why else would he have stolen it, after all, than as a weapon to use against the people
of the manor?]

 

[Nonsensically, the cultist shook his head frantically at that idea. He didn’t say
anything, he just kept shaking his head.]

 

Subaru hadn’t been able to stab her, either. He had gone out of his way to grab that knife
before he had snuck into the forest, and he had been lying in wait with it clutched in his hand.
Rem knew that her old self would surely have assumed that he had been planning to use it.
And yet when presented with the opportunity, he had—

 

[Rem eyed him for a moment longer, and then sighed and discarded the weapon in the
thicket nearby. Useless, then.]

 

Rem nearly snapped at her in frustration. Stupid, stupid — why did it feel like she never
bothered to see what was right in front of her face?!

 

["I ask you: are you working with one of Lady Emilia's rival claimants to the throne?"]

 



["…My heart belongs to Emilia."]

 

Julius let out a shuddering breath. “Oh, Subaru…”

 

Emilia choked back a sob.

 

[That was a lie if she had ever heard one — and a ridiculous lie, at that. Rem swung
down the chain.]

 

There was something very romantic, about a man who refused to deny his love for a woman
even under threat of torture. Yet Wilhelm found himself unable to see the beauty in it,
because everything else about this situation was so disgusting.

 

["Who hired you and on what terms?" Rem asked, keeping her voice even.]

 

["E-Emilia-tan's smiling face…” the cultist gasped, trying to catch his breath from his
previous pained scream. “Is...priceless."]

 

[When she swung again, she hit the same spot as before.]

 

—Subaru shook his head, snapping back to his senses. “I know it’s hard to look at,” he
insisted, even as his past self wailed in pain onscreen. “I know its— But you get it now,
right? Don’t you get it?”

 

Reinhard stared, at a loss. “Subaru…”

 

“Get what?” Rachins muttered tiredly. “What is there to get about this, Subaru?”

 

Mimi didn’t say anything. She and her brothers just watched, and waited.



 

[It wasn’t that Rem enjoyed this. It was necessary for the safety of the manor, was all.
That was why she was doing this, and so…]

 

Liar. Frederica knew good and well that Rem had been enjoying this.

 

“—met witch cultists before, and it never went well!” Subaru was arguing. “What, was she
just supposed to wait until it was too late? Until she was at death’s door again? Until she was
the one at someone else’s mercy? How is THAT fair—?”

 

“You weren’t a witch cultist,” Ricardo reminded him. He tried to keep his voice even, but it
came out sharper than he intended regardless. Even knowing — everything, including what
he did now, the background noise of heaving sobs and crinkling chains was doing a number
against his nerves. “Subaru, that’s— She was wrong, because you were fundamentally not a
witch cultist. You can’t just pretend—”

 

“What else could I have been? You can’t expect Rem to have known—!”

 

“I can expect her to have done her due diligence,” Tivey retorted, unable to keep quiet any
longer, “before jumping in and doing something so drastic—!”

 

Old Man Rom didn’t bother getting involved, as the rest of the theater seemed to devolve into
loud yelling. More than simple rising tensions, perhaps it was their attempt to drown out the
sound of—

 

[Another whooshing sound of something thin moving quickly through the air. Another
squelching sound of a weapon crushing through blood and bone. Another squeal as
Rem’s white skirt was dyed a vicious red.]

 

“Last time she let her guard down because someone didn’t seem like a threat, Sergei blew up
her boss and nearly choked her to death!” Subaru retorted. “How the Hell could you expect
her to—?!”



 

“There’s a difference between letting your guard down and doing your due diligence to
analyze a possible threat, Natsuki-san!” Otto barked. “I don’t care what Sergei was like,
because you are not Sergei! And because you are not Sergei, the fact that she jumped to— to
treat you like that—!”

 

“She didn’t know—!”

 

“She should have figured it out before—!”

 

Felt sighed. She didn’t even bother arguing with him: arguing was useless, when you knew
the other person wouldn’t ever change their mind.

 

[“Who hired you, and under what conditions?”]

 

“Perhaps we should calm down—” Reinhard tried, but he was ignored by everyone.

 

“Captain, ya can’t seriously still be trying to defend this!” Garfiel snapped. He was on his
feet, now. When had he gotten to his feet? “My amazing self doesn’t care what happened to
Rem before, not when it comes to this, because YOU didn’t do anything to deserve—!”

 

“But you have to look at it from her perspective!” Subaru argued. “You have to— There was
nothing else she could have assumed, except that I was—!”

 

“That’s ridiculous!” Frederica retorted. “No matter how you look at this, Subaru, the fact of
the matter is that Rem leapt to conclusions and—!”

 

“But what if she hadn’t, and I had been—?!”

 



“If you really HAD been dangerous then it would have been beyond stupid for her to have
run off into the woods without telling Ram or Ros—!”

 

[The chain came down once again, followed by a horrible squelching sound, followed by
a choked gasp of agony.]

 

The noise made Subaru flinch violently.

 

His reflexive reaction broke Emilia’s heart all over again. “Subaru—” she tried.

 

He recovered fast. “Maybe it would have been a dumb thing for her to do, because she could
have gotten herself hurt — I’ll give you that!” he declared. “But isn’t it — it’s just like Rem,
to put the well-being of everyone else over herself—”

 

“That’s ridiculous!” Mimi finally broke her silence, unable to take it anymore as she joined
her littlest brother in the rising chorus of shouts. Hetaro was left watching them both in
silence, wincing in sympathy. “Rem didn’t tell anyone because she knew she had been
ordered not to do this!” she snapped. “Her Master, her big sister — Rem knew that she wasn’t
supposed to attack you, and she did it anyway!”

 

“Even if what you are saying is correct, Subaru,” Julius agreed. “Rem should have at least
discussed the situation with her superiors before taking such drastic measures. Not only was
this—” Actual, literal torture. “—but it was also in direct defiance of her orders and
responsibilities as a maid. You can’t—”

 

“She had to defy his orders!” Subaru retorted. “She hadn’t been ordered to attack Dudley’s
‘servant’ either, and look how that turned out! What if she had ended up in a situation like
that again, all because she had been too hesitant to act on her—?”

 

Wilhelm finally snapped. “You’re not Sergei, Subaru-dono!” he shouted. “You’re not— This
isn’t the same situation, because you are not a witch cultist! That’s why this is different!”

 



[“Mana of water…”]

 

“She couldn’t have known that!” Subaru stood strong, even as the entire theater seemed to be
shouting back at him. “She couldn’t have— And even before that — the minute she could
have show mercy to Fogg, he—!”

 

“NYER NYOT FOGG!” Ferris all but screamed. “Nyew are nyot Fogg! Nyew almost cried
when nyew saw her face, nyew were devastated when she said she hadn’t trusted nyew, nyew
THREW AWAY THE KNYIFE—!”

 

Crusch simply stared at Subaru in silent disbelief. What incredible loyalty this was. How
frustrating, to see it so horrifically misplaced.

 

Crusch didn’t hate Rem. Crusch quite liked Rem, really, now that she had gotten to know her
a bit better. But whether she liked her or not, her actions here had been just…!

 

[“I ask you again…”]

 

Emilia could only stare in a sort of horrified, bitter amazement at the surreal scene playing
out before her eyes.

 

“Subaru—” Beatrice begged. “Subaru, please calm down—!”

 

“How can you say that this was alright, you idiot?!” Ram screamed, eyes blazing. “Stop
saying that! Stop telling me that this was alright! I know you don’t— Please tell me you don’t
really think that’s true—!”

 

“It IS true!” Subaru shouted back. “It is true, no matter how many times you try to tell me it’s
not! She did the best she could with what she had, and—!”

 



“Stop going in circles!” Ram snapped. “Stop— You keep saying that we were reasonable to
assume that you weren’t a witch cultist, and we keep saying that it doesn’t matter because
you WERE NOT a witch cultist! The simple fact is that neither of us did our due diligence to
figure out your intentions before we chose to act— And then, when we DID act, we—!”

 

She had been standing there, somewhere in the trees. She had been standing there, she had
been watching, and she hadn’t done a thing to stop it until—!

 

“You’re the ones who keep going in circles!” Subaru retorted. “I keep reminding you that—
and then you keep saying ‘Well she should have figured it out’ and how is THAT fair?!”

 

“We had options for figuring it out! Beatrice-sama was right there! Puck-sama was right
there! We could have investigated, if we had just—!”

 

“And what would have happened if there wasn’t any time—?!”

 

“That’s enough, Subaru.”

 

[The witch cultist sobbed. His voice cracked, the painful sound echoing against the
theater walls.]

 

Subaru stopped. He wouldn’t have stopped if it were any other voice. But because it was
her…

 

“That’s enough,” Rem repeated. Her tone was even and calm and firm, the sort that invited no
further argument. “I…”

 

“…Rem?”

 

She took a deep breath, trying to find the nicest way to say this. “…I am honored that you
think so highly of me, Subaru,” she finally said. “But there’s no defending this.”



 

“N-No.” Subaru shook his head. “No, Rem—!”

 

“I hurt you for my own sake, against the wishes of my Master, my sister, and my Lady,” Rem
reminded him. “I ignored all evidence in favor of what I wanted to be the truth, and I leapt at
the chance to punish you for something you never did.” Rem hoped Subaru couldn’t hear her
voice shaking. “Please don’t say that this was alright,” she pleaded, and she couldn’t quite
stop her voice from cracking. “I can’t bear to hear you say that anymore.”

 

Suabru stared at her, eyes round and filled with grief. But — finally — he remained quiet,
because there was nothing more that he could say.

 

[“…Heal this body.”]

 

Rem watched for a second time, as her old self tortured an innocent man in the woods.

 

It had never been in Rem’s nature to duck the responsibility for consequences wrought by her
own actions. It hadn’t been the case then, and it certainly wasn’t so now. And so, even if she
now understood WHY, Rem refused to pretend to believe that her actions had been
excusable.

 

—It terrified her, really, that Subaru was still attempting to argue the point.

 

[It had been at least two hours. It may have been three, even. Rem looked at the sky as
she stood about the cultist’s bruised and broke body as he coughed and heaved, idly
wondering what sort of meal she would be able to make for the mansion under such
short notice.]

 

["If I do not get back soon,” she mused. “I will be late making dinner.”]

 

["…Dinner, huh,” the cultist wheezed. “What's on the menu today, huh…”]



 

[Like it was any of this thing’s business. "Let's see… How about mincemeat pie?"]

 

Rachins scowled. That really had been a foul joke on her part. Ricardo exhaled slowly
nearby, similarly unamused.

 

[“S-Sorry… I think I’ll have to skip it…”]

 

[Flippant until the bitter end. How annoying.]

 

Mimi stared with stony eyes at the meteor. Her two brothers had matching looks on their
faces. None of them were happy with how this had ended — with what Rem had done.

 

Her past didn’t matter. Her trauma didn’t matter. Her misconceptions didn’t matter. All that
mattered was what she had done as a result of all those things — and it didn’t matter what the
circumstances had been, because she had still been the one who chose to swing down that
chain.

 

[She already knew the answer, but Rem asked anyway: “Are you a member of the
Witch Cult?”]

 

“—No,” Rem groaned in the present moment. “No, he never…!”

 

Felt grimaced, watching this current version of that woman onscreen witnessing this scene
once again. She sent her a silent prayer to find the strength to bear with it and turned back to
the meteor.

 

["Answer, please,” Rem said, faced with an annoyingly blank stare. “You are a member
of the Witch Cult, yes?"]

 



[“…What?" the cultist lied.]

 

[And it was with that one word that Rem’s temper finally snapped. "Do not play games
with me!"]

 

Crusch blinked, and suddenly she didn’t see a seventeen-year-old Rem standing there holding
the handle of her prized weapon. Suddenly, in her place, she saw that little girl who had
chased those four murderers down with fervent, enraged frustration.

 

Ah. Reinhard exhaled slowly, an odd sadness filling him up from head to toe. So you never
really managed to grow past being that little girl at all. Did you, Rem…?

 

["Even if Nee-sama or no one else notices,” Rem was snarling. “I can smell it on you!
The leftover stench of that monster makes me want to spit in disgust!"]

 

Rom could imagine. The sheer foulness of it aside — though he could only hear Rem’s
descriptions of what it was like, really — the memories alone would have spurred her to act,
faced with a stench like that. It wasn’t right, but he understood it.

 

Julius’ eyes were fixed on Subaru’s face, his gaze full of pity and sadness. He couldn’t
imagine what it had been like to hear those words, when Subaru’d had absolutely no idea
what it was that she had even been talking about.

 

["I was anxious and angry when I saw you speaking with Nee-sama,” she declared,
voice filled with bitter, undiluted malice. “You, someone involved with the one who put
Nee-sama through so much…weaseling into our precious home—!"]

 

Wilhelm understood the desire of revenge. He understood grief, and rage, and the need to set
everything right by finishing off those who had wronged the world so badly. If he understood
anything, it was that.

 



But that was SUBARU that Rem was speaking to — a boy who was innocent, and loyal, and
kind, and who had done nothing but love her and her sister with all his heart — and so this
simply wasn’t the sort of thing that Wilhelm would ever be able to let slide.

 

["I have been watching you since Roswaal-sama welcomed you…but the entire time, it
hurt to watch you. I could not bear it."]

 

Ferris wondered how he would have felt, if Crusch had accepted someone like his father into
her household with open arms. He couldn’t even imagine it. He would have stuck by Lady
Crusch through thick and thin regardless, of course, but…

 

It would have made his stomach curdle with such sour bitterness, having to see such a face in
his home every single day.

 

["Even if I knew that the whole time Nee-sama was taking care of you, she was just
pretending to be friendly!"]

 

—This was probably the only time Anastasia had seen Rem being fully honest with herself.

 

Every other time, Rem had made excuses about it being for Ram’s sake, about it being for
Roswaal’s sake, about it being for Emilia’s sake. Every other time, Rem had dismissed her
joy as Ram’s joy, her sadness as Ram’s sadness, her anger as Ram’s anger, her despair as
Ram’s despair. Every other time, she had refused to believe that there was anything to her
that existed for its own sake, insisting that everything she had been, was, and would always
be was for the sake of somebody else.

 

But right here, right now, Rem was being honest. She hated Subaru. She despised Subaru.
She was disgusted by his presence in the place that she called home. She wanted him gone by
any means necessary. She liked hurting him, she liked seeing him in pain, she liked feeling
that she had power over one of the people who had caused HER so much pain once upon a
time. It was her skin that crawled when Subaru spoke with her sister, it was her teeth that
clenched when Roswaal extended a hand to this man, it was her nerves that flared when she
saw Subaru playing with Puck and Emilia in the garden.

 



None of this had been for anyone’s sake but her own — and this was possibly the only time
Anastasia had ever seen Rem acknowledge it as such.

 

["—What the Hell…?” Rem suddenly muttered. Because, nonsensically the witch cultist
in front of had started to cry.]

 

It was a shame, Anastasia lamented, that such a monumental step forward had coincided with
something fundamentally unforgivable.

 

It didn’t matter that Emilia had seen that look once before. It didn’t matter that she knew Rem
a little bit better, now. It didn’t matter that she had been bracing herself for it.

 

—No matter when, or where, or how many times she saw it, such a devastated look on
Subaru’s face would always feel as though her very soul were being ripped apart.

 

["I knew it was…” the cultist sobbed quietly. “Something like that."]

 

That really was the absolute worst thing someone could possibly say to Subaru, wasn’t it?
The sound of his weeping voice made Frederica’s heart clench. She didn’t think — anything
— would ever hurt that boy as much as hearing words like that spat back out at him.

 

["So that's what it was...” the cultist whimpered. “I knew there was some reason behind
all the kindness. But...I was too afraid to ask..."]

 

There was always a reason behind kindness. The selfless Subaru and Emilia were exceptions,
not the rule. It was why Otto adored them both so much, and why they both worried him to
no end.

 

…Precisely because of the terror that either of them might someday end up in a situation like
this.

 



["I finally learned how to peel veggies without cutting my hand,” the cultist whimpered.
“I learned how to do laundry, right. Didn't finish learning how to clean the place,
but…”]

 

Garfiel cringed at Subaru’s painful voice, filled with grief and longing. He really had been
trying. It wasn’t like Garfiel had ever doubted it, but—

 

Subaru had looked up to those to so much, right from the start. And THIS was what he had
gotten for it.

 

["Reading... It's just the simple stuff, but I can do that now,” he choked out. “I studied
like I promised. I read the picture book. It’s all thanks to you two…?”]

 

[Rem had watched him reading that picture book. He had poured over it every single
night. She had been confused, worried by his fascination with it. She had assumed he
was fascinated with the story about the Witch.]

 

[—What was he talking about? Studying? What “promise” was he talking about…?]

 

Beatrice stared lifelessly at Rem’s clueless expression. She — understood, perhaps, why she
didn’t know, why she couldn’t have known.

 

It didn’t matter. This wasn’t something that Beatrice would be able to forgive.

 

[“What are you…talking about?” Rem felt as though a pit were forming at the bottom
of her stomach.]

 

[“I'm talking about…” the mad witch cultist pleaded, lifting his head to look her in the
eye. “What you two have done for me…”]

 

Ram swallowed. She wished she remembered doing those things for him.



 

They were all very small things, really, regardless of how Subaru wanted to think of it. But
they had clearly meant something to him — and Ram was pretty sure that they had meant
something to her, too.

 

["I recall no such thing."]

 

Rem knew that she wouldn’t remember anything like that. She had known that this version of
her would hear nothing but nonsense coming out of Subaru’s mouth. She flinched at her own
cold tone regardless.

 

["—Why don't you remember?!"]

 

[Rem instinctively took a step back, her eyes widening. Even throughout the past two
hours of— Even then, he had not once raised his voice at her like this. She had heard
him scream in pain, cry in despair, moan in fear, beg for mercy, for pity, for…]

 

[It was only now that the witch cultist appeared to have grown ANGRY with her.]

 

—How many times had Frederica actually seen Subaru get angry with someone?

 

He was a very slow-to-anger sort of person, come to think of it. Pranks, ridicule, mischievous
tricks, he really would take all of it on the chin. Even things that most people would
rightfully get upset about often seemed to run off of his back like water. Even now, even after
hours of torture at Rem’s hands, it was only now that…

 

["Why'd everyone leave me behind?!” the cultist wailed. “What did I do to you?! Tell
me what I did to you!"]

 

[It was ugly. It was raw. It was a stupid thing to shout at someone who held his life in
her hands. It was so absolutely sincere. This was not the sort of thing that someone



could fake. This was—]

 

Garfiel hated seeing Captain like this. He hated it more than he had hated anything before in
his life.

 

—He hoped that Subaru had never had to beg him like this. He dearly, dearly hoped that…

 

["What'd I do wrong?!” the man begged. “What's wrong with me?! Why do all of you
hate me so much?!”]

 

[Rem felt herself begin to go cold. This person — didn’t know why she hated him. He
didn’t know why she was doing this. He had been hurt by her telling him that she didn’t
like him. He had started to cry with despair at the idea that she did not like him. He had
been…]

 

Beatrice pressed against the glass of Subaru’s cage. She swallowed back her tears, if only
because she didn’t want her contractor to worry about her right now.

 

Unable to watch this anymore, Emilia covered her face with her hands. That was just like her
silly night, wasn’t it? He could take just about anything, except for the idea that the people he
loved so much did not like him back. The idea that he was unlikeable — that really was the
thing that would hurt him most of all, wasn’t it?

 

[“Even…that promise…” the boy whimpered. “I've always…!”]

 

[He had never promised her anything. He sure seemed to think that he had promised
her something. Was he confused? Was he insane? Had she somehow actually—]

 

Insanity was probably what she would have assumed, if she had thought about this for just a
little longer.

 



The more spiteful part of Otto wished that she had thought about it just a little longer, just so
she could spend the rest of this miserable timeline knowing that she had tortured an innocent
man.

 

[Rem didn’t know what was going on. Anger had melted into pure confusion, and there
was a rising feeling of — that she didn’t want to acknowledge. That she couldn’t
acknowledge. That if she were to acknowledge, it would mean— It would mean—]

 

[“…I—”]

 

Rem stared at her old self with a heavy heart. She was so close…!

 

[Subaru opened his mouth. Her heart dropped into her stomach. With the next
sentence, he would— "I've always lo—!”]

 

But Rem already knew how this was going to end.

 

[And then a blade of wind cut through Subaru’s throat just before he could finish that
sentence.]

 

—Oh, Ram realized. This had been salvageable.

 

[Now, Rem would never have to hear the rest of that sentence. She would never have to
confirm whether this was or was not a witch cultist. She would never have to face the
twisted possibility that…]

 

[No. It wasn’t even worth questioning.]

 

Subaru was innocent. Rem had been on the verge of realizing that Subaru was innocent. And
if Rem had realized that Subaru was innocent, she would have healed him completely. Every
injury Rem had left behind had been healable. Subaru could have recovered fully from what



she had done to him, if only the two of them had been given a chance. —Even before that,
Rem had missed the shot she had taken at Subaru’s head, by the cliff. She hadn’t managed to
hit him once while he fled from her. No, it was Ram’s blow that had sent his leg bouncing off
into the undergrowth of the forest, leaving Rem with both the permission and opportunity to
act however she liked.

 

Subaru could have survived. Subaru could have been fully healed, if only Rem’s inflicted
wounds were to be taken into account. His missing leg may have ended up missing forever,
but that had been Ram’s sin, and not her little sister’s. Subaru had been about to convince
Rem that she was mistaken, and then she could have healed him of all the wounds that she
had inflicted and taken him back to the manor. Subaru could have lived, and if he had lived,
then Rem may have even been able to atone for her disastrous mistake with enough time.
Subaru could have — would have — survived, if only…

 

But Ram had been more concerned about — about enabling her little sister, about protecting
her little sister’s feelings, than she had been about making sure that her little sister did the
right thing.

 

[Rem exhaled slowly, looking down sadly at the body of the dying witch cultist. “My
sister is too kind,” she murmured.]

 

So this was the true meaning of despair.

 

Rem had jumped to conclusions and rushed to act, with disastrous consequences. But it was
Ram who had truly committed an unsalvageable, unforgivable sin.

 

[In the fourth loop, Rem watched as a boy who smelled of witch cultists woke up
screaming, miasma surging all around him as he shot up and writhed in agony so
painful he didn’t even realize that he was hurting himself. She rushed forward with her
sister to hold him down, to stop him from thrashing and crying and—]

 

He had braced himself, but Ricardo still couldn’t help but flinch away.

 



It was tough, to listen to the screams of an innocent person inflicted with agonizing pain.
Ricardo had never liked that sound: not as a mercenary, not as a slave, not as anything else. It
was even worse when the innocent person was being harmed by someone they had trusted
not to hurt them. The kind of scum who would take advantage of that trust and…

 

Rem hadn’t known. Ricardo knew that Rem hadn’t known. Rem had gone off of her own
experiences with the Witch Cult, and she had leapt to conclusions, and she had done what she
thought to be right — or at least, what she believed she thought to be right. He knew all of
this.

 

—But the fact remained that she had been reckless, that she had made a crucial error, and that
Subaru had suffered the consequences of it all. That could not, should not be something that
Ricardo forgot, no matter how much he may grow to like Rem.

 

Perhaps knowing more about who Rem had been should have made Old Man Rom more
resilient, when faced with evidence of what she had done. Instead, Subaru’s agonized,
shrieking voice and teary eyes seemed to strike him twice as hard as they had before.

 

Surely this had been avoidable, Reinhard couldn’t help but think. Surely all of this had been
avoidable. Rem was not an evil person, and Subaru already loved them all so much…!

 

But they hadn’t avoided it, and this was the result. That reality broke Reinhard’s heart.

 

[He calmed, briefly. But then Subaru seemed to realize that he was being held down,
and he started to wail in terror.]

 

Tivey’s upper lip quivered at the sound. Hetaro clutched his little brother close, fighting back
tears of his own. That sound—

 

It was a horrible, horrible sound. No matter how many times they heard it, such a sound
would always pierce through their very souls.

 



Mimi watched the meteor with a stony expression growing across her face.

 

That was right. Even if…

 

It didn’t really matter where Rem had come from, or what had happened to her when she was
younger, or anything else. Whatever may have happened once upon a time — Rem had still
chosen to inflict THIS upon someone who had seen her and Ram as big sisters. Whatever the
circumstances, that wasn’t something that Mimi could allow herself to forgive.

 

Rachins pressed his hands against his ears, squeezing his eyes shut as he tried desperately to
block out that wailing sound.

 

[Subaru was now their guest. Rem and Ram avoided him, as he seemed terrified of
them after their unfortunate first impression. That part was fine.]

 

They would have assumed that his discomfort around them was due to how they had
introduced themselves by pinning him down. Crusch supposed that was the natural way to
think.

 

He knew that those two wouldn’t be able to comprehend the true nature of their fault. To their
minds, nothing had ever really happened before that morning. But still… Wilhelm saw the
terror and confusion and betrayal in those young dark eyes, and he wanted to slap both of the
girls who had been responsible for it.

 

[But he didn’t eat. They made him food and brought it dutifully to his room, but he
wouldn’t eat. He didn’t seem to ever sleep, either, always awake and watching the door
with dark, glazed eyes, like some sort of injured animal.]

 

…Julius was not heartless, and he was not unreasonable, either. He knew that Rem could not
have possibly known what it actually was that had broken Subaru so severely — or who it
was who was at fault.

 



But nothing that he had seen — not the attack by the witch cult, not her hunting of the four
men responsible, not the attack on Miload Manor — not Fogg, not Sado, not Sergei, not
Faust — changed the fact that REM was the one responsible for that betrayed, terrified,
despairing look in Subaru’s eyes.

 

Anastasia crossed her arms. That look again… No matter how many times she saw it, the
reduction of a human into an animal was something that she would always find disgusting.
Rem’s reckless actions, Subaru’s pathetic state, and the curse that had made this situation
possible in the first place, it was all disgusting.

 

These people, these complications, this reality full of disgusting things that they all were
stuck in whether they liked it or not…

 

If it were up to Anastasia, what would she consider the best way to utilize all of it? What
would bring out the most potential with the least amount of mess left behind? That was the
productive way to react to all of this, and so that was how Anastasia began to think.

 

Felt exhaled slowly, leaning her chin against her hand as she tried to tease out how she felt
about all this. Because the hard truth of the matter was that Rem…had never technically done
anything to Subaru at all.

 

Now that she had calmed down since the initial nasty shock of that girl’s first appearance in
the woods, she could see that truth quite clearly. Someone had been hurt because of her old
self’s actions, but the truth was that Rem’s old self was no longer here to take responsibility,
and hadn’t been here for some time. And Felt didn’t give a shit about fate or destiny or any of
that crap, so it followed that she shouldn’t give a shit about these “alternate timelines” or
whatever either, right? All that mattered was what a person did with their own two hands:
that was how she had lived her life up until now, and it was how she would keep living strong
with her head held high.

 

—But guilt and responsibility were two different things. Even if “guilt” was useless here,
even if Rem had never technically done a thing, the fact remained that Subaru had undergone
something horrific at her hands. So wouldn’t accepting an answer like that just leave
everything for Subaru to shoulder on his own? How would THAT be fair?

 



[Lady Emilia finally managed to coax him into eating, and then he fell asleep. But when
he slept—]

 

[“Can’t we make the crying stop?” Rem begged her sister, as the two of them listened to
his moaning and whimpering.]

 

It was bitter, knowing that the woman voicing such a plea was the very one responsible for it.
Otto didn’t care if she knew what she had done or not: the fact remained that she had done it,
and that Subaru was left to suffer the consequences. He could sympathize with her and still
feel that way, he thought.

 

He really had looked pathetic, hadn’t he? Subaru stared at his old self, moaning and
whimpering like a sick dog in its sleep, and he felt his stomach curdle in disgust.

 

[Rem had no idea what sort of horrible evils the Witch Cult must have inflicted on this
poor boy. But she and her sister could sit here and hold his hands, if that would allow
him to finally rest.]

 

Frederica’s eyes were soft as she watched her coworkers stay by Subaru’s side. This…

 

Yes. Frederica could recognize these two women who could have been her coworkers.

 

—It was kinda gross, wasn’t it?

 

Garfiel stared at the two sisters performing that act of genuine kindness, and realized that he
couldn’t really muster up any positive emotions at the display onscreen. Even if they hadn’t
known, even if they hadn’t been aware of it, the two of them were the ones who had
mercilessly reduced Captain to such a state. And now they had the gall to comfort him amidst
the night terrors that they themselves had caused…

 

Controlling himself, Garfiel averted his eyes.



 

Nowadays, Beatrice was the one to hold Subaru’s hand when he had a nightmare. Part of her
was sad that she hadn’t been there for him like that back then, but most of her was just
grateful that someone had been there for him at all.

 

Emilia exhaled slowly. …She was glad the twins had been there for him in that loop, at least.
It didn’t excuse what they had done, but she could accept the good along with the bad.

 

[The next day, Rem went to the village to shop for supplies. There were a couple of
rumors about Roswaal’s new guest, but they were few and far between: he never so
much as left his room, after all, so most people weren’t even sure that he existed. Rem
didn’t say anything about it even when asked: Subaru needed as much peace as he
could get.]

 

[Then some children came up to her, but not to ask about the mysterious guest. Instead
—]

 

[“A puppy?” Rem repeated, blinking slowly.]

 

Ferris sucked in a breath. Exhaled slowly. There was nothing to be done about it now, after
all…

 

(Crusch watched Ferris with a worried, wary expression. She thanked the spirits for the
twisted, bitter mercy — that Rem wouldn’t have been there to force them to witness Subaru’s
decision on the cliffside a second time.)

 

Ram exhaled slowly, gripping the armrests of her seat tight. —There was nothing anyone
could do about it, now.

 

[Then the fifth loop came, and—]

 



["My name is Natsuki Subaru,” Subaru declared at the breakfast table on that fifth
first morning, a shining smile on his face. Rem blinked at him, still caught off guard by
his absurd idea of a proper greeting to her and her sister. “Zero work experience!
Pleased to meet you!"]

 

And this was the Subaru that her old self would have remembered.

 

Her first impression of him was of a man who reached out and took her hand the moment he
saw her, smiling as if he had known her for ages. It was creepy, without context. Rem was
certain that her old self would not have simply brushed that aside. And then he had gone and
asked for work, asserting himself as her new coworker whether she liked it or not. Rem
doubted that she would have appreciated that even without that first impression, but with it…

 

And then, of course, there was how Subaru had acted throughout those first two days.

 

[This constant, unnatural smile, that constant striving to earn mine and Nee-sama’s
favor… Rem eyed the youth with a sense of deep distrust. There is nothing to like, here.]

 

Ram swallowed. It hurt terribly to see Subaru like this. Before, she had brushed off the
memory as more of his typical ridiculousness — or perhaps some past trauma of his that she
had no place asking questions about. But now she knew that…

 

Well. It was different, when Ram knew that she had been the one responsible for it.

 

[And on top of it, that scent…!]

 

Rem exhaled slowly. There was that to consider as well.

 

But that had not been Subaru’s fault. She refused to allow him to insist that it was his own
fault, when he hadn’t even known. Rem was sure that her old self would have the integrity to
agree — that her reaction to a symptom that he did not even understand existed would be her
fault, and hers alone.



 

[I can’t make my antipathy plain in front of Lord Roswaal and Lady Emilia, she knew.
Instead, she just watched the young man silently.]

 

Lady Emilia’s face twisted. “You should have just said something to me, Rem…” she
murmured aloud.

 

—It was a similar feeling to the one she had felt towards Subaru, many times, near the
beginning of their relationship.

 

[Now that she’s lost her horn, Nee-sama has no need for any relationships other than her
one with Lord Roswaal, whom she adores, Rem thought. I have stolen my sister's proper
place. So to me, there is nothing more important than protecting the place where Nee-sama
can be at ease. —I will show no mercy to those who threaten our home.]

 

No need for any other relationships… Ricardo grimaced. That was — a very bad way to view
things, really. To shut yourself away from the world and socialize exclusively with…with
your blood and your boss…

 

That mindset felt worse and worse the more he thought about it.

 

For my sake again, Ram thought. Or at least, that’s what you always told yourself, Rem…

 

Anastasia crossed her arms. Rem was wrong about everything, it seemed: about relationships,
about her sister, about herself and about the boy who had stumbled into the manor.

 

[He shows no sign of untoward behavior whatsoever, Rem knew. And Nee-sama told me
that we should only watch. —But I believe he should be driven out of the mansion as soon
as possible. By the time something happens, it will be too late.]

 



Wilhelm shifted uneasily. He thought of Sergei, who had acted innocent and frivolous even
while Rem was looking at Lord Dudley’s corpse, having had no clue that anything was wrong
until it was too late for her to do a thing about it. That memory made her train of thought
make quite a bit more sense.

 

—Of course, that didn’t mean he could excuse her prior self’s treatment of an innocent man.
But it explained a few things, it did.

 

[The high-pitched ting and the sound of pottery breaking made Ram's eyebrows shoot
up in surprise.]

 

["It's okay! It's okay!” Subaru, having been prancing about like a dancer under Rem’s
watchful stare moments before, grabbed hold of a broom and dustpan as he raised his
voice. “Don't worry! I've got this!"]

 

Everyone collectively seemed to shrink into themselves at this familiar scene. No matter how
many times they saw this…

 

There was nothing remotely amusing about this. It was just painful.

 

["Whew,” Subaru was sighing dramatically, pretending to wipe sweat off his brow.
“Feels good to get a job done, Rem-rin."]

 

["It is extra work you made for yourself, but at least you took care of it...” Rem
frowned. “Subaru-kun, where did you hear where the spare vases are? From Nee-
sama?"]

 

["Mm, ah, er…” Subaru visibly floundered. “Right, your big sis! It's me we're talking
about here — she was pretty sure I'd break one at some point. So she told me in
advance exactly where to get a new vase!"]

 



It really was a sloppy sort of cover-up. Errors like this would surely only have made him
more suspicious. —Though, it wasn’t like Subaru was in any condition to recognize what he
should be doing, as terrified as he was. Julius understood that, and that made everything feel
so much worse.

 

[That is Nee-sama for you, such foresight. —For once, this was not Rem’s response to
hearing someone praising her sister.]

 

[What a clumsy excuse, she noted instead. And even beyond that, Subaru-kun managed to
retrieve the broom and dustpan, grab a spare vase… Would someone working for only a
day or two have a good enough grasp of the mansion’s layout for that?]

 

Reinhard winced, bracing himself for the fallout even now. All those suspicious details, and
no way to explain any of them away…!

 

—Felt frowned. Actually, instead of suspicious, Rem looked…

 

[But with that being said…]

 

["You all right?” Subaru asked, face almost frantic with eagerness. “You're so swamped
with work, go ahead and send some my way. I'll do it; I'll do anything!”]

 

“Ah,” Crusch murmured. “Rem is…”

 

Next to her, Wilhelm nodded slowly.

 

Before, Ricardo had been far too terrified on Subaru’s behalf to see Rem as anything but a
threat. But now that he knew Subaru survived this — that Rem would not do such a thing in
this timeline — he had the clarity of mind to see how her brows knitted slightly, and how her
fingers were already raising themselves up a bit by her side, and how her confusion bled into
a soft sort of worry for why Subaru was acting so very strange.



 

[This is not the behavior of someone bearing malice or hostility, Rem thought slowly. But
neither is it how a guileless person behaves. …More to the point, for someone hiding
something, his facade is riddled with openings.]

 

Ferris crossed his arms. It had always been a useless attempt on Subaru’s end: anyone would
be able to see through a mask this full of holes. Stupid.

 

He didn’t know if he wanted Subaru to get better at making masks or to muster up the
courage to toss them away entirely. Showing such raw, open weakness was pathetic. Refusing
to be your real self was pathetic too. Pathetic, pathetic, stupid, stupid, stupid—!

 

Ferris was a similar soul to Subaru, in that regard. Neither one of them would ever have any
value of their own, and that’s why they had to dedicate themselves to living as tools for those
who did.

 

(Rem, too, was such a being. Ferris couldn’t help but admire her, however: her love for and
dedication towards her big sister was pure and true enough to almost be considered divine.)

 

[He looks like he’s genuinely trying to get used to the job and get along with Nee-sama and
I.]

 

Anastasia tilted her head. More than any actual honesty from him, it sounded like Subaru’s
disastrous attempt at performance was what first convinced Rem that he was being genuine.

 

It made sense, and it was a rather practical way to assess someone’s true intentions. It was
much harder to fake being a bad liar than most assumed, after all.

 

[He’s working so hard, even when no one is acknowledging it… Rem felt a throbbing
ache stirring in her chest.]

 



“—Oh,” Ram said quietly.

 

She had always tried so hard to acknowledge Rem’s efforts. Ram would always be there to
cheer her little sister on: that was what it meant to be a big sister. But still, it seemed that Rem
was incapable of looking past the thoughtless observations of those thoughtless adults even
all these years after their demise. How stupid.

 

["Subar—” Rem tried, reaching towards him.]

 

["Oh, I forgot the work Ram-chi asked me to do!” Subaru was already backing away
hurriedly. “Sorry, I'd better hurry up and take care of that! I'll hook back up with you
right after!"]

 

[Faster than she could call out to stop him, Subaru rushed down the hallway and out of
sight.]

 

Beatrice swallowed. It stung more than it should, perhaps, to see Subaru running away from
an outstretched hand.

 

It was a bitter sort of reassurance, but at least the boy had some self-preservation instincts.
Ron sighed, feeling glum.

 

[Rem withdrew her fingers, glancing over her shoulder. Should I…?]

 

["—No,” Rem decided after a moment, ignoring the lingering ache in her chest as she
returned to work. “It is not enough to trouble Nee-sama over."]

 

Ram winced. Part of her wished that Rem had troubled her over it after all. But it wasn’t like
she could have done much to help, in this situation. Not when she, too, had been the cause of
it.

 



No, there had been someone else far better suited for the task.

 

[And then, later that afternoon, Rem saw Subaru sleeping on Emilia's lap. And Lady
Emilia gave her own opinion on the matter, with a weighty sense of finality to it.]

 

“Subaru is a good boy.” Emilia murmured that aloud, right alongside her onscreen self. It felt
important, for her to say it out loud.

 

The others glanced at her. Her expression was completely serious, and so they turned back to
the meteor.

 

[Rem relaxed a little, after that afternoon — but only just a little bit. The moment in the
garden when she had momentarily thought he'd attacked Lady Emilia had frightened
her, and then his childish glee at wanting to go to the village had contradicted her
unease all over again. Just how was she supposed to treat someone like this?]

 

[In complete contrast to his frivolous manner, Subaru-kun tries his utmost in everything he
does, she thought. Sarcasm, work, play, whatever it is, he throws his entire weight behind
him and does his very best.]

 

That was very accurate. Anastasia was somewhat ashamed to admit it, but the first time she
had met Subaru at the Royal Selection Ceremony she had written him off as someone who
gave big words and sought big titles without ever bothering to look past the surface of what
anything meant. But it had become clear very quickly that such a description could not have
been further from the truth, even back then — and now, it felt laughable to even suggest such
a thing.

 

[Furthermore, now that the strained atmosphere around him is gone, his entire approach
to everything has changed. He’s gone from racing forward without a tangible goal to
burning with desire to accomplish something. Rem frowned. His technical skills are as
miserable as ever…]

 

Reinhard chuckled. Where Subaru’s value was concerned, his technical skills were perhaps
the least noteworthy of the lot. Whatever he lacked in raw talent, he made up for in spades



through the strength of his character. Reinhard really did believe that.

 

[Seeing him struggle so hard to produce results in spite of inferior ability… Rem tilted her
head. Who does that remind me of?]

 

Emilia’s eyes softened. “Oh, Rem…”

 

Rem smiled sadly, a bittersweet sort of feeling filling up her chest. So that was how she had
seen that boy.

 

[Subaru-kun is still a troublesome interloper, Rem thought reluctantly, watching him on
their way to the village. …I should at least not regard him as an enemy, perhaps.]

 

Ram — relaxed. Just a little bit.

 

Old Man Rom chuckled. Rem had never been the type to welcome any changes to her
environment. That had been the case all throughout her time at the Manor — and it had been
so back at the village, when a foolish old man had come by to see an old friend.

 

[Then, when Roswaal was absent—]

 

["—Worst case,“ Subaru declared. “The whole village might get wiped out."]

 

It sounded like an exaggeration. Perhaps it was. But to wipe out a village’s children — would
that be the same as wiping out the village itself? Ricardo wasn’t sure. He couldn’t quite say
that it was EXACTLY the same, but just the idea of the grief that would follow such an event
was so painful that he couldn’t deny it, either.

 

[Rem’s breath caught in her throat when she heard about the missing children, and saw
the breach in the barrier. So, Subaru really had been…]



 

What has she thought of that, Rem wondered? There was no way she could have guessed that
Subaru could travel through time itself. And her personality was incredibly suspicious and
unforgiving, when it came to outsiders. Had she suspected that he may have had something to
do with it, and that’s how he had known?

 

["Rem, let's go,” Subaru ordered, staring into the darkness of the woods. “We have to
do something."]

 

[Why would someone so powerless act so desperately for children he barely knows?! Rem
wondered, utterly bewildered.]

 

—Or perhaps her old self had been able to recognize something that flew in the face of that
assumption after all.

 

It was an unusual trait indeed. Otto had come to admire that easy selfless heroism in both
Subaru and Emilia very quickly: it was the reason he trusted them both with all his heart and
soul, after all. But in a world like this, in a place like Lugunica, it was also the sort of trait
that could result in a person getting taken advantage of. —That WOULD result in such a
thing, even, more often than not.

 

—Otto wondered if Subaru’s world had been a place where such selflessness was the norm.
He hoped it was. It was comforting, to think that such a place could exist.

 

[On top of it, Rem thought as he continued to convince her to follow him. He’s not being
reckless. He’s aware of his own weakness. And he still does not hesitate to ask others for
what he lacks. —What incredible arrogance.]

 

“That’s not arrogance.”

 

Anastasia’s sudden declaration was so harsh that it made the people around her flinch. Her
cheeks pinkened a bit: she hadn’t quite meant to say that out loud.



 

“It’s not,” she repeated, forcefully softening her tone. “Relying on others to provide for what
you ask is the proper way of doing things. Attempting to do everything yourself even when
you know you aren’t capable of it… That is true arrogance.”

 

Her younger self, a little girl in Kararagi who hadn’t food, or clothes, or shelter, or even a
name of her own — she had not understood that fact of life. She had been ashamed of the
help she received from others, and looked down upon those who asked. It had taken many
years for her to learn the true value of companionship, of a helping hand.

 

“…Anastasia is right,” Emilia agreed after a moment, speaking up so late only because the
Merchant Princess had gotten there first. “Helping others is a great joy. It’s not a burden at
all.”

 

Normally, Subaru would swoon at the purity of that statement. Right now he was too caught
up in his own sadness at the realization that Rem had felt so very obligated to shoulder
everything alone. Oh, Rem…

 

Ram exhaled slowly. “My foolish sister,” she murmured.

 

[Just like they saw in Subaru’s memories, the two of them went into the forest, found
the children, and used magic to save them. And then Subaru wanted to go deeper to
find the still-missing child.]

 

[I’m not surprised, Rem thought.]

 

Julius chuckled a little. Nobody who knew Subaru would be surprised by that.

 

It was reassuring, to realize that the stubborn Rem had somehow begun to look past herself
enough to start to get to know Subaru.

 



[His eyes say that he’s useless. His expression says he doesn’t measure up. His voice bites
back the urge to give in many times over. Rem made note of every little thing. But still,
Subaru-kun never stops struggling, does he?]

 

It was an admirable quality. Wilhelm couldn’t quite say that it was his greatest — there were
quite a few other contenders for that crown — but it was a trait of Subaru’s that impressed
him time and again. He suspected he always would.

 

Rem was glad that she had noticed. Though perhaps she shouldn’t have been surprised by it:
despite her occasional obtuseness, she was a very observant person when it came to most
things around her.

 

(Rather, it was her selective interpretations of her observations that tended to cause
problems.)

 

[When Rem watched Subaru head into the forest by himself, her heart fluttered
furiously, filling her with warmth that words could not express.]

 

“Ah…?” Garfiel grinned, eyes on the blue-haired girl’s face. “What’s that look for, eh?”

 

Next to him, Otto shifted nervously. It was probably good, that Rem was growing fonder of
Subaru. But at the same time…

 

He didn’t want her getting close to him. He hoped she’d keep her distance.

 

Emilia already felt herself tensing up. She knew how this ended, after all.

 

[Rem handed the children over to the young men of the village, and then she raced after
Subaru. And then she found Subaru surrounded by mabeasts — with a little girl in his
arms.]

 



The sight of Subaru facing such a deadly threat made Rem’s heart stop in her chest. If she
had been just a little bit slower, back then…!

 

Ah, Emilia thought, looking at Rem’s face. So that was what finally broke through to her, was
it?

 

[Ah, Rem thought, looking at the little girl that Subaru was protecting with his very life
even as she charged in to save him. There was never any reason to doubt him at all, was
there?]

 

Of course not. Beatrice crossed her arms. She could have told Rem that much from the very
start. —She already had, even. If only the maid had bothered to listen.

 

Ram smiled weakly. She had known that much from the very start, if she were being honest.
Subaru was far too genuine a person to doubt, because everything he tried to hide was
sheltered so clumsily as to remain out in the open.

 

Frederica chuckled. It was just like Ram’s little sister, to be drawn to someone’s side because
they selflessly risked their life protecting a child.

 

Garfiel exhaled slowly. That was Captain, all right: protecting little kids down to the very
end, even when they had done absolutely nothing to deserve his interference. At least Rem
had been the type who could see the value in that, instead of simply waving it aside with
disdain.

 

—Perhaps Meili’s interference hadn’t been all bad. Otto sighed. It had still been a net
negative, but… At least there was this much to be thankful for.

 

[Blood, pain… But above all, Rem thought, protecting Subaru as he ran ahead with
young Meili in his arms. Above all, I feel so light… I had never, not even once, imagined
that trusting someone — trusting SUBARU — could feel so good…!]

 



Subaru smiled weakly.

 

It hadn’t been much on his end, not really. Rem had done most of the work. …But he was
happy — that the little he had done back then had made her so very, very joyful. Even for just
a little while.

 

[And then Rem was slammed into the earth, and her Oni instincts took over. And the
indiscriminate slaughter that followed was of the type that was a terror even just to
watch.]

 

Before, Rem had trembled with every strike of that morningstar. Now the impact still sent
tremors through her heart, but she could breathe easier as she watched the scene with open
eyes.

 

[The pleasure of making flesh fly apart. The delight of indulging in power. More blood.
More lives. She wanted it, she craved it, her very blood—!]

 

And this — was the version of Rem that Frederica could not bring herself to recognize as her
coworker, no matter how hard she tried.

 

Beatrice grimaced. Distasteful, perhaps. But she didn’t particularly care for Wolgarm, and so
she didn’t have any strong feelings about this display.

 

Julius winced. Perhaps it was more important that the job was getting done at all, but…

 

Well. There was a definite difference between how a knight fought and how a beast fought, it
seemed. Julius would always strive forward with the pinnacle of knighthood as his goal, but
it appeared that Rem’s fighting technique was bestial through and through.

 

Garfiel knew the strength of demihuman blood, the overwhelming nature of instincts running
wild. He knew the power it possessed, and the danger that came with being overtaken by it



completely. He imagined his tiger form in place of the Oni girl, and the scene before him took
on an uncomfortable tone.

 

Otto’s body was rigid as he watched Rem’s rampage through the Wolgarm pack. He was
grateful that she was on Subaru’s side, at least for the moment. But — once he had been
placed safely out of harm’s way, Otto dearly hoped that Subaru would be able to steer clear of
Rem’s path, as well.

 

Ferris flinched with every blow. His eyes widened, and watered, and he cursed himself for
sympathizing with monsters of all things. Rem was right, after all. And really, this was a
mercy. For monsters like this— To grant death to a monster like this was—

 

—Emilia steeled herself.

 

This viciousness, this recklessness, this bestial hunter before her eyes… It may be ugly, it
may be disturbing, it may have gone against everything that made Emilia who she was. But
Rem’s Oni blood was part of what made her Rem, and so Emilia had to learn to accept it with
open arms. She would have to learn to accept everything about Rem with open arms. Her
determination, her devotion, her hastiness, her fickleness, it didn’t matter: it was all part of
Rem, and that was the only thing that really mattered.

 

[Rem’s demonic laughter echoed through the forest, mabeast after mabeast turning to
meat beneath the force of her Morningstar.]

 

Rom was no stranger to the viciousness of Oni, of course. He had always found it —
somewhat tasteless, perhaps, but a sight to watch in its own way.

 

Ricardo chuckled at the sight. Now that he knew Subaru wasn’t going to be the focus of her
wrath in this particular moment, he felt free to amuse himself with the look on Rem’s face.
Her gleeful laughter, her utter lack of restraint, her eager pummeling of monster after
monster… It felt a bit like he were watching a child.

 

Tivey giggled a little bit. Hetaro elbowed him in the side. “Shhh…!” he hissed. Both brothers
had thought the same thing, about how that monster onscreen somewhat resembled their



older sister in the throes of battle.

 

Wilhelm didn’t feel much of anything, watching Rem’s bloodthirsty rampage through the
woods. It was natural to feel that way towards an enemy. It was even more so, perhaps, when
you were an Oni with blood that called for the smiting of your foes. The Wolgarm were not
worth his sympathy, and so he could give Rem nothing but praise for crushing them beneath
her morningstar so thoroughly as she and Subaru raced through the forest.

 

Rachins shrank away from the meteor, eyes wide. Reinhard smiled a little awkwardly at him
from across the room.

 

“Yeesh,” Felt muttered, leaning her chin against her hand. “Not sure I’ll ever get used to this
one.”

 

Crusch pressed her lips together, silently agreeing. Though, she did have to admit: Rem’s
brutal fighting technique certainly was effective.

 

It didn’t matter that she had witnessed this scene before. Anastasia still watched with wide-
eyes disbelief as body after body was turned into meat by Rem’s hand,  flinching backwards
with every blow.

 

Subaru watched, entranced. No matter how many times he saw it, Rem’s Oni form would
always overwhelm him with awe.

 

[All of a sudden, Subaru collided with Rem’s back, sending her flying. She turned
around, and—]

 

“Here it comes…” Ferris hissed, trying his best to brace himself.

 

[Relief…?]

 



[The look on Subaru’s face was enough to snap Rem back from reflect to rational
thought.]

 

That—

 

That had been enough?

 

Rachins stared in disbelief. Just seeing Subaru’s joy at her momentary safety— That was all
it took to snap her out of it?

 

[Rem saw a mabeast right next to him.]

 

“Here it comes…!” Julius gritted out, bracing himself. Across the room, Frederica covered
her ears and squeezed her eyes shut.

 

“Grab him!” Mimi cried out. “Grab him! He’s right there! He’s RIGHT—!”

 

[I need to jump! I need to reach out! I need to—!]

 

But she already knew that wasn’t going to happen.

 

[But then, that same scent that had haunted her for years wafted towards her once
again. And that smell made her delay her decision by a single moment.]

 

“—Hesitated?” Rem said aloud in disbelief.

 

“…Rem—” Rachins started, voice halting and uncertain as he tried to find the words to
comfort her.



 

But Rem merely shook her head, mystified. “Who would have known she was even capable
of that?”

 

[Subaru’s agonized scream, accompanied by the ripping and tearing of an entire pack
of Ulgarm Wolves, echoed through the room.]

 

Everyone knew to brace themselves for the sight of that display this time. Subaru’s screams
still grated against their ears.

 

[I… Rem thought, horror dawning across her face. I…]

 

But this time, those screams began to fade into the background, muted by the rising fog of
despair as Rem realized what it was she had done.

 

“—She could have saved him, then.” It was Ferris who said that out loud, in a clipped sort of
voice. “And she didn’t.”

 

Crusch grimaced. “Ferris—”

 

“Rem is not a knight, Felix,” Wilhelm scolded. “As powerful as she may be, it is unfair to
expect such a thing from a maid.”

 

Ferris didn’t argue. He just turned away.

 

She could have saved him, Mimi understood. Rem could have saved that boy, but she
hesitated, and so she didn’t. Ridiculous. The young kittenperson gritted her teeth. And right
when it counted, she…!

 

“Useless,” she hissed. “Useless, useless — both of you—!”



 

“Od damn it…!” Otto gripped at his hair, squeezing his eyes shut through the screams. “I
thought we were done with this!”

 

“I know,” Emilia said, horrified and despairing eyes fixated on the grisly sight repeating itself
once again. “I know… Subaru…!”

 

—Subaru’s eyes weren’t on his own bloodied figure. His eyes were on that girl’s face, and
the anguish that filled her eyes at the sight of his horrible condition. “Rem…”

 

[Rem’s mind suddenly flashed to that moment, long ago, when she was watching her
sister’s horn spiraling into the sky. And the thought she’d had that fiery night—]

 

[It finally broke off.]

 

The theater went still.

 

“…What?” Julius asked in disbelief.

 

“Eh?” Mimi said.

 

“She…” Hetaro managed, eyes round. “She…?”

 

What would it take, for Tivey to think something like that about either of his big siblings? He
couldn’t even imagine it.

 

Rachins crossed his arms. That — sounded like a perfectly reasonable response, if he were
being honest.

 



With how that Clan had treated the two of them, way back then, Rom thought grimly. It was
as if they had wanted Rem to one day have that exact response.

 

Ricardo exhaled slowly. He glanced in Ram’s direction, somewhat concerned. He didn’t
blame Rem for thinking such a thing, but some thoughts remained private for a reason.

 

Wilhelm hesitated, but then let it go. What mattered more than words was action. Whatever
she may have thought in the moment, Rem had never acted towards her older sister with
anything but kindness, reverence, and unflinching support. That was what mattered more
than anything else.

 

How—

 

Ferris stared at the meteor, aghast. He stared at the face of the girl in whom he had begun to
see himself, aghast. And slowly, utter shock turned to the kind of horror that could drive a
person insane. Her failure before had been disappointing, but this—!

 

How could someone like— Someone that— Someone who served, who supported, who
loved—

 

How could you? he wanted to breathe. His lungs had been frozen still. How could you ever,
ever think such a thing about…?

 

(The very thought that he, too, might—)

 

“Ferris…?” Crusch whispered. Ferris gasped aloud.

 

Felt exhaled slowly. Well, it was a natural thought to have, for someone in her position. It
may not have been a pretty thought, but its ugliness was what made it honest. She liked ugly,
honest thoughts more than the pretty frills of faux politeness.

 



Reinhard felt as though he had been launched into something entirely out of his depth. What
was there to do? What was there to say? Could he even do or say a thing to make anything
right? The helplessness felt so overwhelming that he wondered if it would drown him in his
seat.

 

—Anastasia stared at the little girl with a slow-growing horror as she realized what she had
just done.

 

It wasn’t that Rem’s thoughts in that moment had been out of line, or unforgivable, or even
all that unexpected. Rather, it was that she could already see clearly how Rem herself would
have recoiled away from that moment of honesty, from that rare moment when she allowed
herself to think something that was fully for her own sake. And she could already see how
much that moment had damaged her — and looking back now, how that damage had only
grown worse, and worse, and worse…!

 

Otto winced. That wasn’t the sort of thought that should ever be spoken out loud, he was
pretty sure.

 

Beatrice watched, and didn’t feel much at all. It was a natural thing for an overshadowed
little sister to think, she supposed.

 

“R…” This seemed so out of character for the young girl that Emilia felt that all she could do
was stare in shock. “Rem…?”

 

It wasn’t the ugliest thing that she had learned about Rem, not by a wide margin. In fact,
compared to — other things, this sort of reveal was the sort of childishness that oddly
enough, Frederica almost found reassuring. At her core, Rem really had been just a little girl. 

 

“…Huh,” Garfiel said aloud. And then he found himself already readying to push the whole
incident aside, so that he could move on to more important things.

 

Subaru blinked slowly. So that was what Rem had meant, when she had confessed to him that
morning so very long ago.



 

Oh, Ram thought.

 

Ah, Rem thought. So I hadn’t imagined it.

 

[That moment, way back then, was the true moment she had resolved to become Ram’s
substitute. That moment, that feeling, that unforgivable sin—]

 

[Ever since then, Rem thought dimly, racing through the forest with a half-dead Subaru
in her arms, sobbing uncontrollably as she begged him not to die. Ever since then, I have
always tried…!]

 

She had, Frederica knew. She had watched Rem try so very, very hard, so often, so many
times, all for…!

 

And it had been in service…of this?

 

Out of everything Rem could have been working to correct — it had been something as small
and insignificant and childish as THAT?

 

Oh, Rem…! Frederica felt as though her heart were squeezing itself dry. You never really
stopped being a child at all, did you?

 

“Re…” Rachins swallowed. He didn’t know what to say, faced with such obvious uncertainty
and despair. He felt completely out of his depth. “Rem…”

 

[Nee-sama would do this. Nee-sama is even more amazing. Nee-sama could do even more.
—That is my motto, now. That truth is what — It is what rules my life…!]

 



Crusch blinked slowly. For the first time, it felt as though Rem were speaking of her self-
assigned role as Ram’s substitute with something other than pride.

 

A person should live in a way that allows their soul to shine its brightest. This was what
Crusch believed, at her very core. As such, Crusch had eventually come around to believe
that if Rem wanted to be this, if she had to be this, if she felt fulfilled in this, then she should
pursue it with everything she had.

 

—But here Rem was, speaking of her role with something like a resigned despair, and
suddenly all of Crusch’s doubts were reignited once again. Should she really be cheering this
on?

 

Anastasia stared, her horror mounting further and further by the moment as she realized what
sort of awful situation that girl had pigeonholed herself into. Because wasn’t just that she
would do the things that the hornless Ram could not: it was that Rem as an individual had
effectively ceased to exist.

 

She hadn’t just been unwilling to recognize her own feelings, her own desires, her own pain.
It was that she was unable to do so, because the individual life of the girl known as Rem had
been replaced with the lofty goal of “living the life that her Nee-sama would have."

 

How horrible, Anastasia thought faintly. What an awful trap to ensnare oneself into, and with
such a young girl…!

 

[—Of course, with a flawed little sister like me, those results had always been lacking, even
when Nee-sama and I worked together—!]

 

Tivey blinked rapidly. “Lacking?” he repeated, with a note of disbelief.

 

“But…” Hetaro frowned. “But obviously she would be…” He shook his head. “I mean, Rem
was comparing her sister to something like Reinhard, so…”

 



If someone were to insist on standards like that, then everything in the world would feel like
utter failure by comparison. How was that fair?

 

“But Rem is an incredible maid,” Mimi said uncertainly. “Mimi doesn’t know what else she
could have…”

 

Anything would have appeared subpar, with the Reincarnation of an Oni God as a role
model. Old Man Rom didn’t know how anyone could ever stand the weight of expectations
as heavy as that, not for even a little while. Let alone for something like ten full years…

 

Emilia stared with round eyes.

 

It wasn’t like she was unfamiliar with the concept of atonement. She herself, after all, was
doing all of this for the sake of a village that she had turned to ice. But…

 

“That’s the thing that was eating at you, Rem?” she asked quietly. “…Why couldn’t you have
just said something?”

 

[Rem didn’t need to go back to the mansion. Notified by her big sister’s clairvoyance,
Ram, Beatrice, and Lady Emilia all met her back at the village. The sight of their
horrified faces only seemed to make Rem break down even further.]

 

[Even if I push myself to the breaking point, whittle away my soul and burn my body to
ash, I’ll never reach that which ought to have been, she thought, falling down a spiral of
despair that seemed rehearsed.She had probably thought the same thing, many times
before. I know that. I know that — I don’t really have any real value at all—!]

 

“No— What?” Julius asked in disbelief. “How could you think…?”

 

Had she not been paying attention? Did she not see the way her older sister looked at her?
Did she not hear the affection and fondness in the voices that surrounded her? How could this
girl, who was so beloved by her sister, her coworkers, her Master, believe that she had no—



 

—Joshua had never felt this way. Had he? He mustn’t have. After all, Julius loved his little
brother so very much…!

 

“Stupid,” Felt muttered. “Ram never gave a shit about any of that, you idiot. Whittling
yourself down like this, and for what…?”

 

It was useless to say anything now, though: this version of Rem was long gone.

 

Otto understood the frustration of never coming first, of always having to work from the
shadows as others walked in the light. But he had long accepted his role in the world and
made it into his own. There was value in every role, after all, from the greatest of ground
dragons to the tiniest of beetles.

 

“No value at all.” Ridiculous. Just ridiculous. Walking in the light or darkness aside —
wasn’t Rem smart enough to see how her sister had looked at her every day of their lives?

 

[But I don’t have a choice. I know that. I have to blaze the trail that was properly my
sister's to have blazed, to have walked, to have led me down, and to lead my older sister
along it by the hand. —That’s the only way I can atone for it. That’s how I must atone for
it. That is…!]

 

Ah, Reinhard thought dimly. It wasn’t like he had ever really tried to escape from it, but now
he understood it better than ever: This is why I must remain the Sword Saint.

 

For him to not be it, for him to relinquish it, for him to vanish from it, would be for him to
force that role upon someone else. And someone who was not Reinhard would not be able to
shoulder the role like Reinhard could, and would thus be crushed under the burden of it.
Thus, Reinhard would stay and hold up the weight of that title, because it was something that
only he could do.

 

—Not every Sword Saint could be lucky enough to meet someone able and willing to
shoulder the burden in their stead. Not every Sword Saint could be his grandmother.



 

Beatrice remembered that vow taken by the cenotaph above the remnants of the Oni village,
and felt a sense of melancholy settling in her chest. She understood the feeling of being
trapped within a promise made to the dead. Perhaps she would have gotten along with Rem
back then, if she had just bothered to try.

 

[Lord Roswaal, Frederica-sama, Clind-sama, even Nee-sama have all praised me as a hard
worker, a capable worker. Rem’s physical injuries had all been healed. Thus, it was
Subaru who was the sole focus of Lady Emilia’s cries of terrified worry, somewhere in
the distance beyond her dizzy mind. But it has only ever filled me with unease, because I
know what should have filled these shoes— and I know that I cannot possibly match it—!]

 

Ricardo stared in disbelief. As old and experienced as he was, he had rarely seen anyone as
hardworking and capable as Rem. Anastasia was the only one he could think of who perhaps
surpassed her in that regard, and that wouldn’t be a fair comparison to anyone at all. —An
Oni God Reincarnation, a being comparable to Reinhard in power, now that was beyond an
unfair comparison. What kind of insanity had to possess someone for them to even attempt
something like that?

 

But it was the fault of her stupid parents, he groaned inwardly. Ridiculous. That whole Clan
had messed this kid up good, hadn’t they? Nearly a full decade later, and they still haunted
her every step. Just ridiculous.

 

Garfiel knew what it was like, he thought, to have a goal for who you wanted to be while
feeling like it was always so far out of reach. —But at least he was chasing his goals for the
sake of his own amazing self. Rem hadn’t even been doing that much, had she?

 

And for what? Because she’d had a passing thought that one time? Because she’d been
selfish one time in her head when she was a little kid? Because she’s been momentarily
happy that Ram had lost something that Ram hadn’t even given a shit about? Garfiel just
couldn’t wrap his head around it.

 

Ram didn’t know what to say. She knew what she thought about this ridiculousness, this
absurd set of insecurities with no basis in fact — but she didn’t know what to say. What could
she say, to make this better? What could she say, to untangle this…this…?

 



[I thought I could atone for it. I thought I was atoning for it. I thought I had changed. But
I haven’t changed at all.]

 

Wilhelm stared, completely lost. Atoning for what? Changing from what? An ugly passing
thought on perhaps the most traumatic night of her life? An ugly thought that she had almost
immediately brushed aside, going went on to care for and dote on her injured elder sister with
everything she had for over nine full years? As far as Ram’s horn was concerned, Rem had
never done a damn thing wrong, and just trying to comprehend her line of thought made him
feel completely out of his depth.

 

Ferris watched with dull, empty eyes. His felt camaraderie with this woman had been thrown
back in his face like icy water. At least she had tried to atone for it, perhaps. She had
completely failed at it, of course — she was completely right about that — but she had tried.

 

—The failure of an attempt stung him more than if she hadn’t tried at all. So stupid. What
was even the point of all this?

 

—Subaru realized what Rem meant seconds before she voiced it, and sucked in a breath.

 

“No,” he whispered. “No, Rem, you don’t have anything to…!”

 

But this Rem wasn’t here, was she? That understanding quieted him into a somber sort of
despair.

 

…He really, really hoped that Rem had understood his words well, after he had woken up on
that fifth morning to her holding his hand.

 

[Just now, in the woods, Rem thought in despair. I committed the sin from long ago…
again.]

 

[And then the meteor faded to black.]



 

For a long, long moment, Ram was at a loss for what to say. Not because there was nothing to
say, but because there was just so much. What should she voice first? Where could she even
start?

 

—And then her confusion cleared away. Because really, there was only one thing Ram could
say, to her little sister who had carried around a burden of guilt as foolish as…

 

Rem was staring up at the blackened meteor.

 

So, she was thinking. She felt somewhat numb. This was not because she had nothing to feel
about what she had seen, but because she had felt so much in such quick succession that it
seemed to have wrung her dry. That was the kind of person I had been.

 

“I had the same thought, that night.”

 

That lone voice broke through the silence that had enveloped the theater.

 

Alongside everyone else, Rem slowly turned to see her sister sitting motionlessly by her side.
Her face was blank, indifferent. —Or it would be, if a certain something else wasn’t writhing
beneath the surface.

 

The same thought, she had said.

 

“…What?” Rem asked, her voice meek and trembling.

 

“That night our village was attacked,” Ram answered. “When that cultist broke off my horn.
All I could think in that moment was — ‘It finally broke off.’”

 



The theater was silent. Not a soul even dared to breathe. Even the dimmest amongst them
understood—

 

This was a moment between sisters. None of them were allowed to intrude on it.

 

“That horn caused me more trouble than it was worth,” Ram dismissed. “And I never cared
about being the Reincarnation of the Oni God, or whatever those worthless adults kept
blathering on about. Ram is Ram.” She rolled her shoulder. “And once her horn was gone,
Ram was free to do whatever she pleased.”

 

Rem — didn’t know what to say. “…Nee-sama…?” she asked quietly.

 

In her heart of hearts, Rem knew that these were Ram’s true feelings on the matter. By now,
she understood that her older sister was not the type of person to soften reality for other
people’s sakes.

 

“I might…not remember you, Dear Sister,” Ram apologized, her voice unusually soft. “But I
remember that much, as clear as if it happened yesterday.” She turned away. “That burden
you took it upon yourself to carry — it was one that never really existed in the first place.”

 

Rem stared at her sister speechlessly, an odd feeling stirring within her chest. Was it grief, for
years that had been wasted on such a foolish mission? Was it shame, for a task that had been
taken on for the sake of a person who would have wanted nothing to do with it? Was it anger,
that nobody had thought to say all of these things sooner, letting them fester in the dark? Or
was it simple, plain relief?

 

—With guilt, Rem thought that those words were exactly what someone else would have
wanted to hear, at the exact time when someone else would have wanted to hear them most.

 

But that person wasn’t here anymore, because the current Rem had taken her place.

 



—The Rem of the present moment took a deep breath. “I really am blessed to be your little
sister,” she said softly. “I really do believe that, Nee-sa…” Rem blinked, and then smiled.
“Onee-chan.”

 

Ram stared at her with wide eyes, before a wonderful, wonderful smile broke over her face.
I’m blessed, too,” she said. “Very, very blessed. Never forget what a blessing you are to me in
turn, Rem — because I would do just about anything for you.”

 

And wasn’t that the truth?

 

The meteor went dark again. Then—

 

["Barusu!” Ram’s voice snapped. “Head to the right of that broken tree ahead! You're
too slow!"]

 

["Don't — demand the impossible!” Subaru’s voice responded, panting loudly. “I'm —”
He gasped for air. “I’m running — as fast as I can, here!"]

 

[The Rem onscreen slowly blinked open her eyes.]

 

The demonstration resumed.

Chapter End Notes

Side Stories included:

[Rem and Subaru Meet]

[Roswaal Mansion Girls Party (Dressing Room Edition)]

[Rem’s Latte Art]

[Roswaal Mansion Girls Party (Bathing Room Edition)]



Chapter 18: To Be You (Arc 2, Part 13)
Chapter Summary

Subaru has a couple of conversations that have, for various reasons, been long overdue.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

[“…Subaru-kun,” Rem murmured blearily. “What are y—”]

 

["—Rem!” Subaru gasped. His shoulder was dislocated, the side of his face was wet
with fresh blood, and he was racing through the woods at full speed. Even still, he
audibly delighted at the sound of her voice. “You’re awake?!"]

 

[“I am so glad, Rem…” Ram said, racing right beside Subaru. Smiling a very particular
smile, she reached out to stroke Rem’s hair. “You are one high-maintenance girl.”]

 

High-maintenance. That was certainly one way to describe that younger sister of hers.
Impossibly, the present version of that younger sister found herself stifling a laugh.

 

["Fulla!"]

 

[Ram sliced through the mabeast that had been charging at them into ribbons. Several
trees were felled behind it. —Ram’s face abruptly went pale from the strain, and she
stumbled to lightly bump into Subaru’s body.]

 

[“Owwwww!” Subaru cried. “Ram, you know better than to touch my right shoulder,
geez!”]

 

Rem abruptly stopped laughing, her smile slipping off of her face like water.



 

—That was right. How could she have let it slip her mind?

 

Her own self aside, that boy was currently—

 

“He gets out of this alright, Rem,” Ram murmured. Rem startled slightly.

 

[“…Be quiet,” Ram muttered faintly. “You would have been bitten if not for me. You
can at least be a wall for me to lean on."]

 

Ram winced inwardly, but — there was something more important than her own festering
guilt to take care of, right now.

 

“This time, Subaru will be just fine,” she insisted. “Your Onee-chan can assure you of that
much.”

 

["At least pick the other should— Owww!" Subaru cried out even louder as Ram put
her weight on his dislocated shoulder.]

 

“Useless big sister…!” Mimi snarled.

 

“I’m not certain about that,” Anastasia muttered. The image of Ram stuck in that bed,
screaming in pain as her body threatened to tear itself apart under the strain of her missing
horn… It was a difficult image to forget.

 

Lady Anastasia was not the sort of woman who would excuse sloth, but she also was not a
fool. Knowing one’s limits was important, and there was a stark difference between the sin of
sloth and the realities of disability. With the context of that sobering context in mind, much of
Ram’s behavior as a servant of the Mather’s Estate was…

 



Ram scowled bitterly, seeing the faces around her turning sympathetic at the sight of the
sweat on her old self’s brow. She had no use for pity. But however infuriating those eyes may
be, she found herself having an unusual amount of difficulty in finding the words to dismiss
something so well-intended.

 

(Subaru, too, was full of good intentions. She had always known that, of course, but now…)

 

["Why…?” Rem’s voice murmured.]

 

—The look on Rem's face made Wilhelm hiss softly. He could already guess what sorts of
thoughts were going through her head.

 

Ferris stared up at the meteor with a cold expression that had not forgiven that errant thought
about Rem's special person. Yet, though he wanted to get some sense of satisfaction from
those devastated eyes, they only managed to twist the knife in his stomach even further until
tears beaded in the corners of his eyes.

 

Old Man Rom sighed, shaking his head with a somber look on his face. "Kids," he muttered.

 

(Felt swatted him: she'd never been this dense!) (She smacked Rachins, too, who'd had the
gall to snicker at her rebuke.)

 

[Subaru blinked. "Ah?"]

 

Otto grimaced. Garfiel averted his eyes from the meteor.

 

Beatrice merely sighed, shaking her head. Really, what else could anyone expect from her
silly contractor…?

 

["Why…” Rem was trembling. “Did you not just let me be?"]



 

Reinhard tilted his head, lost. Why was she upset? Subaru had come to save her. She had
been hurt, and so Subaru and her big sister had raced into the forest to…

 

He was missing something important. He understood that much, and that understanding made
him feel somewhat empty inside.

 

Rem stared. Even after all of that, her old self couldn’t help but think…

 

“You’re kidding,” she said flatly. “Right?”

 

[Subaru stared down at her old self with a similar look of disbelief.]

 

But everyone knew she wasn’t. Frederica exhaled slowly. That sort of thinking, that inability
to understand just how much the people around her… Seriously, had she really failed as a
coworker to the extent that she had never quite been able to intervene, here?

 

Well. It wasn’t like Ricardo didn’t understand how Rem had grown to think of herself in such
a manner. Even if it did seem ridiculous, from an outsiders point of view.

 

["You and Nee-sama coming made it meaningless,” Rem whispered. “I…I have to do
this myself… I should be the only one getting hurt…”]

 

Emilia gritted her teeth. She had never liked that mindset, but as of late it was really starting
to grate against her nerves to see it sprouting up before her again and again.

 

Crusch exhaled slowly, resisting the urge to pinch the bridge of her nose. Between Subaru
and Rem…

 

"Rem…" Julius trailed off. He had no idea what he could say to something like that.



 

["It's a little late for that,” Subaru retorted. “Ram and I are all beat up already! Hell,
maybe more than you are!"]

 

…Was that the right thing to say, perhaps? Julius supposed that Subaru would know better
than himself, where matters like this were concerned.

 

Next to him, Anastasia merely shook her head. It was unclear whether she was shaking her
head at Julius, Rem, or Subaru himself.

 

[Ram didn’t take either side, still trying to catch her breath. Rem looked at her with a
betrayed expression.]

 

Ram huffed with slight amusement. It wasn’t like Subaru had been wrong about her dear
sister — in that moment, at least.

 

["It… It is my fault,” Rem finally choked out. “I hesitated last night, that is why… I
have to take responsibility… If I do not, I cannot face you or Nee-sama…"]

 

["Now may not be the best time for it, but we're actually, you know, talking!” Subaru
exclaimed encouragingly. “That's seriously awesome…”]

 

It was an even greater step forward than Subaru had known, back then. Looking at it now…

 

Subaru could only shake his head in grief. If Rem had only opened her heart to her big sister
sooner and said what she needed to say, then she never would have needed him to say those
words that morning at all.

 

["Really, you should not have been bitten at all.” Subaru paused. Rem continued, a
voice like a confession of sin.  "It is because I hesitated to reach out to you that you
nearly died. And then your body suffered too many curses to lift. That is why I—”]



 

["You went off to deal with it by yourself to atone for it, right?"]

 

A ridiculous decision, Mimi wanted to scold her. Absolutely ridiculous. All she had done was
give everyone a scare and get herself hurt. If either of her little brothers had done something
so stupid—!

 

"O-Onee-chan?" Tivey asked uncertainly.

 

"That look in your eyes is kinda scary…" Hetaro added, shrinking back ever so slightly.

 

[Rem nodded, eyes downcast, an expression like she was prepared to be scolded — but
for all the wrong reasons.]

 

Rem was preparing to be hated for her actions in the woods. She was preparing to be scolded,
yelled at, cursed out by the boy she had failed to save due to a single moment of weakness.
Her desperate attempts to save him, HIS desperate race to save HER, the face that even now
his main concern was that she was awake and alive and going to be okay — she was so
focused on her own perceived sin that she couldn’t see any of it, even when it was right in
front of her face.

 

Ridiculous. Rem looked at her ridiculous old self and couldn’t help but shake her head, a dull
and dreary weariness weighing down her soul. —Judging from the quality of the quiet
surrounding her, Rem wasn’t the only one who felt this way, not at all.

 

[“Rem,” Subaru finally said.]

 

[Rem squeezed her eyes shut. “Yes.”]

 

["Bonk."]

 



The sound of foreheads loudly clunking against one another, followed by Rem’s loud yelp,
was enough to shatter the somber tension that had built within the theater walls.

 

“Subaru?!” Rem squawked, eyes wide.

 

“Bonk?” Tivey echoed.

 

Ricardo barked out a laugh. “Well!” he crowed, slapping his thigh. “That’s one way to
answer that!”

 

["To begin with, are you an idiot?!” Subaru snapped, at a Rem who was looking up at
him with a bewildered, wide-eyes expression almost identical to that of her present-day
self as she nursed her freshly-bruised forehead. “No, you ARE an idiot!”]

 

["Barusu. You split your split forehead and it is bleeding again."]

 

Garfiel cackled. “Just like in Sanctuary, ain’t that right Captain?!”

 

Otto smiled a little. Just like in Sanctuary indeed. Though unlike Garfiel, the scene that Otto
was thinking of was one in which Subaru’s role had been quite reversed.

 

Ram sighed. Truly, Subaru was a genius.

 

[Subaru shook his head. "I'm an idiot, too,” he retorted. “I know that already! But your
little sister's an even bigger idiot!"]

 

“You’re all idiots, in fact,” Beatrice muttered. Subaru couldn’t even argue against that, really.

 

[Rem stared up at him, uncomprehending.]



 

Emilia smiled sadly at her. She still didn’t get it, did she? How did Rem still not…?

 

Gosh, every one of them — Rem, Ram, Subaru, Beatrice, Emilia herself — each and every
one of them was just a big dunderhead, wasn’t that right?

 

["Now look here,“ Subaru declared. “In my homeland, they say, 'Three women make a
market.' —Not that that has anything to do with this.”]

 

“Uh—” Garfiel frowned. “Captain?”

 

Subaru shrugged, face a little red. “It’s nothing important.”

 

“Three women make a market” was a saying that referred to three women together could
generate enough gossip to generate a situation all on their own. He had been complaining
about them stopping to chat while running from the Wolgarm, but it really didn’t make any
sense in this situation — in no small part because Subaru would have had to be one of the
three women himself.

 

[“But they also say, 'Three heads are better than one.'" Subaru switched to a more
sensible idiom. “It's like how it's easier to snap an arrow with three people than a
person might think."]

 

["I am guessing you are using that somewhat unlike the original,” Ram noted.]

 

["A-NY-WA-Y!” Subaru barged ahead. “Don't think about it all by yourself and rely on
the people around you! You understand what I'm saying, right?! If you had your heart
grabbed like m—”]

 

[And then Subaru choked.]

 



Anastasia stiffened. Rom hissed between his teeth.

 

Emilia stared at the meteor, horror dawning across her face as she realized the trap that
Subaru had triggered for the third time — now having accidentally stumbled upon it while
trying to flee.

 

[“That was over the line, huh...?” Subaru whispered. “Th-That's a little strict, ain't
it?"]

 

It was. Julius gripped at his hair. It really, really was…!

 

Why was she— How— Why?!

 

But none of that mattered right now. All that mattered right now was—!

 

["What are you talking ab—?” Rem suddenly stiffened, twisting her body away from a
sudden unpleasant stench. “Wait, Subaru, the scent of the witch is suddenly much thick
—!”]

 

Garfiel gasped, figuring it out a moment behind Otto. “The Wolgarm—!”

 

But the Subaru onscreen had already figured that out, it seemed.

 

["Well,” Subaru said, already beginning to race forward once again, Ram close to his
side. “I need you to switch gears on that for now. I'll switch gears, too. —Ram, the villa
—” He shook his head. “No, the barrier's good enough. Which way is it to get there?"]

 

["If we can slip past the pack before us, we simply need to sprint to the left,“ Ram
replied. “But what are you planning?"]

 



[Subaru made a sour face.]

 

“Subaru-sama,” Frederica said. She already had a bad feeling about that look in his eyes.
“Subaru-sama. What are you planning.”

 

Garfiel thought he already knew, really. He gritted his teeth. Captain…!

 

["…How about I push Rem onto you and I cruelly run off to the barrier on my own?"]

 

Crusch blinked rapidly. “…What?” she asked.

 

Not like she could really be angry with him for it if he decided to try and run now. He had
already gone far and beyond for those girls, after all: if there was nothing left to do but run,
then she would rather he run than not. But…that was pretty out of character for him, wasn’t
it?

 

“—No,” Otto gasped, already figuring out what Subaru really meant by that. “No, Subaru,
you—!”

 

["You intend to let me flee with Rem while you lure the Ulgarm Wolves away?” Ram
translated. “Understood."]

 

“What?!” Rem cried.

 

["Can you not spoil what I was trying to hide?! It's embarrassing!!"]

 

But of course Ram hadn’t hesitated. As much as Mimi hated that woman, she understood that
perfectly well: as an older sister, Ram had to value the life of her little sibling more than her
coworker’s, more than her very own. Subaru’s ploy would buy time and increase her little
sibling’s odds of survival: it was only right for the older sister to accept it without the
slightest hesitation.



 

It was an incredible show of strength on Ram’s behalf, Hetaro thought grimly. Able to cut
anything and everything away, all for the sake of her little sibling… He could see Rem had
the same question on her mind: What incredible part of that older sister allowed her to make
such a horrible decision so easily?

 

The youngest of the trio, Tivey recoiled backwards, rebelling at the very idea. “No!” he
gasped aloud. “No, you won’t seriously—?!”

 

[Rem’s reaction to that plan seemed much the same as Tivey’s and her present self’s
alike, her eyes filling with despair.]

 

["I cannot…save you like that…” she pleaded, voice hoarse with an agony that had
nothing to do with physical pain. “Pl-Please stop this. If you do this, I…”]

 

["Luggage should be seen and not heard!” Subaru retorted. “It's all right, I'll get past
the barrier and hook up with you there. After that, I have a special plan you don't know
about to take down the demon beasts all at once. It'll be big, an easy win!"]

 

[Rem didn’t seem to believe him. She looked at him as though she believed he were just
papering things over, trying not to make her worry.]

 

And how could she believe him, Rem thought? The idea of Subaru escaping that pack all by
himself—

 

["You need to do no such thing…” Rem begged. “I will wipe out the mabeasts all by
myse—”]

 

[But the most she could do was wiggle her fingers and her tongue. She was empty, now,
and all three of them knew it.]

 



Ferris curled his lip. Useless. Got all of them into this situation in the first place, and then
exhausted herself so much she could do nothing but lie there in the arms of the person she
claimed to have been trying to save.

 

Utterly, utterly useless. In the moment, the resemblance to himself made him hate her all the
more.

 

["Where is my weapon…?”]

 

["Like I could carry around a heavy thing like that! I'll buy you a new one later, geez!"]

 

[The loss of her morningstar, of her tool with which she could defend her sister and her
coworker, more than anything else, appeared to drive Rem into the furthest depths of
despair.]

 

Rem grimaced. As much as it appeared to have meant to her, as painful as it may have been
to lose it in the moment, she dearly hoped that her old self had left that iron ball and chain
forgotten in the depths of that infested forest.

 

Ram exhaled slowly. Somehow or another, that cursed weapon had regained its place in her
home. More than that, Subaru had been polishing it—

 

["Don't drop her,” Subaru murmured, gently handing Rem off to Ram.]

 

["I believe I have more strength than you possess in one arm, Barusu."]

 

Crusch choked, very abruptly filled with an odd mirth at the curt response. “You…!”

 

["Why'd you make me carry her, then?!"]

 



["You never told me to, did you, Barusu?"]

 

["Seriously, that's your answer?!"]

 

“What kind of answer is that?!” Mimi squawked, outraged. Next to her, Anastasia couldn’t
help but stifle a laugh.

 

—Ferris wondered if Ram had been telling the truth.

 

Exhausted, low on mana, and handicapped by her missing horn…had she really been so
certain that she could carry Rem more easily than Subaru? Or had she just said that so he
wouldn’t worry so much?

 

Really. Everyone in the Emilia Camp was just…

 

["Subaru-kun…” Rem whispered. “Why are you going this far to…?"]

 

Because he loves you, Rem answered in the present moment, somewhat sadly. For Subaru’s
sake or her own, she wasn’t sure. Perhaps she was sad for both of them. That’s the only
reason he does anything, you idiot.

 

[Subaru paused for a single moment, and then smiled.]

 

["Because you're the first girl I ever went on a date with,” he declared, gently patting
her head. “I'm not so cruel that I can just turn my back on you."]

 

A nonsensical response, to everyone who didn’t have those memories of his. But now, Emilia
only felt her lip wobble at that open heart.

 



Rem had gone with him to get groceries that day — just like she and her sister had taught
him how to peel vegetables, and instructed him on cleaning the manor, and spoke with him,
and laughed with him. All those very small, innocent, trivial moments… Subaru really did
treasure all of those little things so very much, didn’t he?

 

It wasn’t like Emilia didn’t also consider memories like that her most wonderful treasures,
but there was something about realizing that it was also true for one of the most important
people in her life that made her heart ache. Especially knowing that all those precious
treasures of his had been so cruelly ripped out from his arms.

 

—Wilhelm shook his head. Yes, he was scared, but Subaru was stepping up. He was not yet a
soldier, not yet a knight, and yet here he was, stepping before these two girls and...!


 

"You've got this," he said. Then, a little louder. "You can do it, Subaru-dono! Show that
monster who's boss!"

 

Subaru recoiled in surprise, face heating up. "Eh?!"

 

And then, with Wilhelm leading the charge, the rest of the theater began to cheer his old self
on as well.

 

["Well, I'm gonna head off for a little bit,” Subaru declared. “Take care of Rem, Nee-
sama."]

 

["I pray that you meet with us safely, Barusu."]

 

[And with that, the two of them ran in opposite directions. —And the pursuing
Wolgarm pack only hesitated briefly before pursuing Subaru.]

 

—That was very similar to the exchange that had occurred between Rem and Lord Roswaal
all those years ago, before Roswaal had stayed to take down Sergei while Rem fled back to
save her big sister at the Miload Estate. Rem didn’t know what to make of that similarity.



 

It seemed ridiculous, to place that powerful magician and this powerless boy in the same
positions for the sake of her and her sister. Even to the Rem staring up at the meteor in the
present moment, it felt like some sort of sick joke.

 

["—Nee-sama!" Rem cried.]

 

[Ram didn’t stop running, even as sweat formed on her brow. "Barusu is risking his life
to buy us time,” she declared, in a tone that made plain that she had no margin for
error. “I shall make good use of it."]

 

If she were in her horned form, Rem could easily carry both Ram and Subaru to safety. If
there were ever a time for that form, this would be it. After all, compared to Rem’s physical
ability in her horned form, the hornless Ram’s current struggles to escape was hardly
anything at all.

 

In the present, Rem saw the very moment that her old self realized that bitter, bitter truth —
one so bitter with regret that it made her old self’s eyes fill with tears.

 

[I don’t understand it myself, Subaru thought, sounding somewhat amazed. When did I
become a man stubborn enough to do something crazy like this…?]

 

“Ya got this, kid!” Ricardo shouted, raising his fist towards the meteor. It was useless, of
course, as all had already been said and done a full year ago, but he just couldn’t stop
himself. “Ya got this— Give ‘em Hell!”

 

“You can do it, Subaru!” Mimi roared, pride swelling in her chest at the sight of a boy taking
one more step of many into becoming a man. “You’ve got this! You can do it!”

 

“GO, CAPTAIN!” Garfiel screamed, punching the air as he cheered him on.

 



All across the theater, people were shouting their encouragement, their praise, their
expectations. Rem couldn’t bring herself to leap to her feet alongside them, her hands
clenched and raised to her mouth as she watched with wide eyes from where she sat, but she
also couldn’t help but join them all in spirit. The situation was dire, but he would meet their
expectations— Surely, after all of this, Subaru would meet their expectations—!

 

["It hurts…”]

 

Ricardo’s smile faltered. “Eh?” he asked.

 

[“It hurts,” Subaru choked out, his facade crumbling to pieces now that the twins could
no longer see his face.]

 

Felt cringed, hard, her joyful shouts abruptly fading from the air. The rest of the din of the
theater began to lull, as well. Oh, Big Bro…

 

Reinhard felt as though he had suddenly been stabbed. “Subaru…!” he croaked out, eyes
abruptly filling with pain.

 

[“It hurts… Mommy, Daddy, Emilia-tan…!”]

 

“—HRK!”

 

Crusch looked over, startled, to see Wilhelm crumpling in on himself as though he had
suddenly been sucker-punched in the gut by Kurgan himself. He was wheezing, as if
physically pained, his eyes wide with shock and horror.

 

Heinkel — maybe hadn’t turned out how Wilhelm had wanted. And perhaps their
relationship had been somewhere beyond repair for the past fifteen years. But regardless,
Wilhelm was still a father. And to hear a young boy — to hear SUBARU crying out for his
mother in such a pitiful, childlike manner—!



 

[No matter how much I want to put on a brave face and not make the sisters feel like they
owe me, this is completely, thoroughly not like me…!]

 

Ram felt a stab of horrible guilt. All of this, just so she wouldn’t feel…!

 

Ridiculous. Both of her little siblings were just completely ridiculous, weren’t they?

 

Rem made a strangled, choking noise. She had already caused him so much trouble, so much
pain… And he still worried about making her feel like she owed him something?

 

—Across the room, Anastasia remembered a silver-haired girl who made excuse after excuse
in the Capital of Lugunica to insist that the boy she had just saved didn’t owe her anything at
all. Really, those two were so very much alike.

 

It was stupid. Being afraid of someone owing you something was the equivalent of being
afraid of their goodwill, just because this kind of goodwill was something you had earned
rather than received as a gift. It was so absurdly, utterly childish of them both.

 

[Everything hurts. Dull pain, sharp pain, I can’t escape either extreme. My mask is in
pieces, now. Even my tongue is hanging out pathetically like I’m some sort of dog…! Even
as he raced forward, terrified, determined, pained, and all the while trying his best, it
seemed that Subaru couldn’t help but curse himself.]

 

“Don’t you…” Julius swallowed. His voice felt unusually meek and gentle. “…Don’t you
think that’s a little harsh?”

 

[Ever since I crashed on the ground while taking down Rem, my shoulder has been aching
with this intermittent numbness… I really hope it’s just dislocated…!]

 



It was. Ferris had been working as a healer for long enough that he could tell from how
Subaru was holding it. It was a simple dislocation, an easy fix, so long as he could survive for
long enough to receive proper care.

 

But right now he was alone, barely armed, and facing a monster that overpowered him in so
many different ways…! Even if he weren’t injured it would be a losing battle, but a
dislocated shoulder at a time like this? It made Ferris want to cry with hopeless frustration.

 

[Either way, I can’t rely on my right arm for combat, here. How on Earth am I going to do
anything right now…?!]

 

“I-It’s pretty embarrassing,” Subaru admitted with a laugh, rubbing the back of his neck. His
face had turned scarlet when everyone had started to cheer him on like that, but his
mortification had only tripled with this new layer peeled off. “I just… I don’t know. It was
scary, you know? I’m a man and all, but…”

 

“Subaru…” Beatrice trailed off, her eyes round and lost.

 

Emilia’s lip wobbled. If he had just waited to ask her for help, then he never would have had
to—!

 

[The mabeast pup from the village was the one to stand in his path. Does it have a
grudge against me, to be this damn persistent?! But either way—]

 

["I'd like this to be the last time we meet…!”]

 

Otto groaned a groan that was almost a sob. He hoped — he desperately, desperately hoped
— that it would indeed be the very last time for that.

 

This thing had already killed him twice. And then its followers had chewed him up and spat
him out, and then this whole incident…



 

Please, just let it be over!

 

["Nee-sama… Subaru-kun… Subaru-kun is—!”]

 

["Rem. We cannot turn back. It would put his resolve to waste."]

 

Her big sister was always right. That was the truth of the world that Rem had lived in all her
life. The Rem of the present moment understood that, now.

 

But for the first time, it didn’t seem like her old self could accept the words that her beloved
sister was saying.

 

(Rem thought that she was in absolute agreement with her old self for the first time. After all,
even if it was right… It felt so empty, didn’t it?)

 

Ram swallowed. She knew her old self was right. Subaru had done all this just so she and her
little sister might escape: to go back now would do nothing but spit in his face. But still,
watching this now…!

 

[The mabeast’ll probably unleash a cascade of stones against me, Subaru thought grimly.
I’ve gotta ready myself for that, or it’ll whittle me to death with one thousand cuts. —But
fine, give me your best shot—!]

 

["Uhh?" he suddenly voiced aloud, bewildered. Because the mabeast pup had suddenly
curled itself into a ball, gathering all its strength for…for…]

 

“Oh crap,” Ricardo gasped, already recognizing that posture from previous run-ins with
similar mabeast chiefs.

 



Tivey made a similar noise. “He won’t stand a chance against—!”

 

Hetaro could barely even croak anything out.

 

Mimi didn’t even do that much, staring ahead with an almost mad glint in her eyes. Subaru
—!

 

["—Onee-chan!” Rem wailed.]

 

In the present moment, Rem choked.

 

Subaru stared, feeling as though a knife had been twisted into his heart. Just how much pain
had Rem been in, when she had seen him in that position, when he had forced her to see him
in that position, for her to call out to her big sister with the title she hadn’t used since she had
been—?

 

[At that heartfelt shout, Ram couldn’t help but come to a stop.]

 

…Well. That was to be expected.

 

After all, Ram already knew — even if it were for her little sister’s own good, her old self
had never been able to deny Rem anything she had ever wanted. Especially not when her
beloved little sister called out to her with a voice like that.

 

[And Rem instantly twisted her body, falling to the ground and rolling to see—]

 

Wilhelm’s eyes widened as he caught on to what was about to happen. “Subaru-dono—!” he
cried out.

 



[And then with great force, the little ball of fur exploded outwards—]

 

Anastasia choked. “Oh, great Od—!”

 

“What in Od’s name IS that thing?!” Crusch cried.

 

“SUBARU—!” Julius practically screamed, already on his feet with eyes wide as saucers in
panic.

 

[“I’ve seen this in manga a lot,” Subaru joked, staring at the now massive demonic wolf
bearing down on him from above. “But seriously, where does all the extra mass come
from?”]

 

[The only reply was a howl, the likes of which seemed to make the entire forest
shudder.]

 

Her poor knight, standing there — injured, beaten, frightened, all alone — standing there
with something like THAT about to —!

 

All Emilia could do at the terrifying sight was cover her mouth with both hands, tears
beading at the corners of her eyes.

 

["Oh, so you're not gonna settle this with magic?” Subaru shuddered, watching as the
mabeast stepped into an attacking stance — fangs bared, claws outstretched, each
looking as though it could cut through human bone with the slightest graze. “What did I
ever do to you…?”]

 

“I can’t watch,” Frederica moaned, finally succumbing to the urge to cover her eyes with her
hands.

 



[“Every single one of you coming after me instead of the two sisters…?” Subaru
croaked, looking for an escape only to see the circle of mabeasts that had surrounded
them from all sides. His steps slowed. It looks like I attracted every one of these things in
the damn forest…! “You guys really are all fanatical like Oni’s, aren’t you? Damn it
all…!”]

 

Garfiel wanted to cover his eyes, too. But that was Captain up there, and if he looked away
from his Captain when he was in trouble — would he ever be able to look himself in the
mirror at all?

 

Beatrice swallowed. Rem, Subaru, herself, and the Wolgarm pack. They were all fanatical
like Onis, were they…?

 

She didn’t know how to feel about being compared to — ANY of those figures, each for a
different set of reasons.

 

[But I don’t have time to have a nervous breakdown or piss myself while begging for my
life…! Subaru desperately rifled through his side pocket, looking for something,
anything, to—]

 

“Ah,” Ricardo noted tensely, seeing Subaru’s face change ever so slightly. “Ya found
something, eh…?”

 

["All I can do now is trust in Puck…!”]

 

Ferris gasped, recognizing it before anyone else. “That’s—!”

 

[And Subaru took out a bokka fruit from his pocket and tossed it in his mouth.]

 

—Ferris just hoped Subaru had a plan. He really, really hoped he had a plan—!

 



[And that was when, just seconds before he and the mabeast met each other in combat
—]

 

["SUBARU-KUN!" Rem screamed her loudest yet, wailing in despair at the sight of the
monster that Subaru was facing down all alone.]

 

[—Her cry reached him, even if her outstretched hand did not.]

 

Ram shrank back from the meteor at that painful echo, drenched in sadness as if the whole
world were about to end. To hear a sound like that, to hear a voice like that, to hear it coming
from her little sister—!

 

“O-Onee-chan…!” Rem managed, wincing as her big sister squeezed her tight.

 

[Ah, Subaru thought. I’m happy.]

 

"—Eh?" Emilia asked. Beatrice stirred, blinking in surprise and slight wariness.

 

Subaru rubbed the back of his neck, looking somewhat ashamed of himself.

 

[It’s so insensitive of me, Subaru cursed himself. I know that whether I live or die will
determine whether the heart behind that painful voice will shatter, but…]

 

How could he not be happy, though? Far from looking down on him for it, Ricardo could
only be happy right alongside him. That voice, that feeling, those hopes calling out to him
from behind... All Subaru had wanted from those two girls was for them to like him, and that
cry from Rem was proof that he had finally managed to get her to care about him. 

 

"Oh..." Emilia stared with a devastated expression on her face as she, too, came to that
understanding. "Oh... Su..."



 

Anastasia let out a long, slow breath.

 

Ya got it, Natsuki, she thought grimly. Ya finally managed to get yer hands on what ya wanted
more than anything else, all for yer own sake. —Please, make sure that ya don't let go of it
now that you've got it in yer own two hands!

 

[I'm too pathetic, Subaru reflected weakly. A pervert. A two-faced jerk. —I know how that
girl feels, crying out my name like that. But I’m still smiling… I’m totally mad, aren’t I?]

 

—Ferris understood.

 

Ferris understood this very well. He understood it so well that, for once, he found himself
unable to hate Subaru for this familiar weakness. Normally those flaws of him pricked him
where it stung, but this one...

 

To be happy that a girl you wanted to protect wanted you to be safe, too... It was proof of
being something valuable, wasn't it? It was a pathetic, perverted, two-faced sort of thing, he
agreed wholeheartedly with that — but it was the sort of boyish foolishness that felt like part
of his very heart and soul.

 

For once, such a flaw didn't make him recoil. Quite the opposite: that boyish foolishness
endeared Subaru to him by appealing to the warmest, most precious, most human part of his
soul — the part that Lady Crusch had gifted him when she had taken his hand and led him
out of that dark and dusty basement.

 

[He smiled, and smiled, and when he was done smiling, Subaru's left hand drew out the
broken one-handed sword.]

 

That sword was broken, and wouldn’t even be half as useful as one kept whole. More than
that, Subaru was no swordsman, whatever he may boast. Wilhelm understood this. It terrified
him to his core.



 

But still, he had to cheer Subaru on. He cared for Subaru, he loved Subaru, so he had to
believe that he would…!

 

[The mabeast roared a terrible howl. Subaru screamed right back.]

 

[And then, he lunged forth—]

 

“GO!” Wilhelm roared.

 

[“—SHAMAAAAK!!"]

 

[And then a black cloud erupted around Subaru, and the mabeast in front of him, and
all the other Ulgarm Wolves, and colored the entire forest around them a pitch black.]

 

Rachins gasped. “That—!

 

It was a massive cloud of mana, spilled out of a gate incapable of managing its output
properly. An explosion of Yin magic. The sort of outcome that could — would — cripple its
user in an instance.

 

Julius swallowed. Subaru…!

 

[Incomprehensible. That was how Subaru saw the world, now. The shape of the world,
the color of the world, the scent of the world… Nothing can be discerned, here.]

 

Otto shivered. What an eerie feeling that must be. He felt chills crawling up his spine at just
the thought.

 



Especially for him, surrounded by a near-constant stream of voices, this world of shadows
and nothingness was utterly incomprehensible.

 

[The single firm, solid sensation is the soles of my feet touching the ground. If not for that,
I wouldn’t even know which way was up…!]

 

Garfiel’s [Divine Protection of Earth Spirits] was a blessing. So long as his two feet were
planted on the ground, he would regain his strength in moments. He, of all people, knew what
it meant to rely on the security of having his two feet planted on the ground.

 

He clenched his fist, gritting his teeth as he leaned forward. “Captain…!”

 

Ram sucked in a shuddering breath. To be unmoored in such a manner sounded unbearably
unnerving. But for Subaru, she knew, the worst part would be the horrible, empty loneliness
brought about by the dark and quiet.

 

[I see nothing. I hear nothing. I understand nothing. So this is the end of the world.]

 

Rem could feel herself shivering. She had seen many places by now, heard many things —
but this version of herself had only experienced life so far within the walls of the theater. The
idea of the world outside at some point coming to an end…

 

It terrified her enough to make her press against her big sister‘s side.

 

—Old Man Rom watched the sisters comfort each other and smiled. “Always be close,
sisters,” he had advised them, at a time that felt like it were several lifetimes in the past.
“Don’t forget that.”

 

Even when he couldn’t remember those words of advice he had given them that day at the
village — even when neither of them could really remember him or one another, not within
their own minds — it seemed that these two twins still managed to hold that sentiment in
mind. They really hadn’t needed this old man to say it out loud, had they?



 

[There's something ahead of me. There's something awaiting me. There’s something I
need to do.]

 

—He was talking about the mabeasts, right?

 

Beatrice knew that Subaru needed to fight the Wolgarm Chief, hidden somewhere within the
fog. That was his goal. She knew that already.

 

So…why did it feel like that wasn’t everything?

 

[Something, something, something, something is missing. I have to remember…]

 

Perhaps the dizzying effects of the Yin magic were messing with Beatrice’s head too, even as
just a memory.

 

[Why did this nothingness come? Who brought it? What are the conditions for ending it?
—Remember, remember, remember the world beyond, the world that is firm under my
feet…!]

 

Frederica shivered at the very thought. To have nothing at all in the world except for the
ground under your feet… What an utterly terrifying thought that was.

 

“Come on…” Hetaro hissed.

 

Tivey gritted his teeth, balling his hands into fists. “Come on…!”

 

[I can’t make it another step. My feet are drained of all strength. Sooner or later, the
incomprehension will crush me, making me doubt even the sensation of my soles.]



 

Anastasia’s eyes were stern. “Don’t give in,” she muttered. “Stand strong, Natsuki, ya can do
it…!”

 

If he could feel the ground beneath his feet, then he could stand. If he could stand, he could
keep going. Mimi believed this with all her heart, because believing in that meant that she
could cheer him on with all her heart and soul. “You got this,” she whispered. “You got this,
Mimi knows you’ve got this—!”

 

[—If I can see that coming, the answer does not lie outside me. And if the answer is not
outside my body, it must lie within.]

 

That’s right, Crusch wanted to praise him. The truth lies within. It always lies within. The
most important truths of the world are the ones that come from your very soul, so let it shine
bright and guide you forward—!

 

Felt could do nothing but wait with bated breath for Subaru to find himself in a world of
incomprehension—

 

To find himself, so that he could finally take that step forward towards the light of victory —
and more importantly, Felt knew, everything that lay beyond that, which he had now been
chasing so desperately through five different lifetimes.

 

[Even if I can’t bring the oblivion outside me to heel, I can call upon my internal organs,
all subconsciously functioning even now…!]

 

[And with that, Subaru bit down on the bokka fruit.]

 

Even knowing that it was coming, Ferris couldn’t keep from flinching, hissing loudly in
disapproval as he cringed.

 



[Hot! Hot, hot, hot!]

 

Emilia heard the wordless, bestial cry that Subaru attempted to wail aloud in response to this
overwhelming heat, even though the soundless world around him refused to permit it to leave
his throat. He didn’t seem to understand even that, that his scream could not be heard.

 

She croaked, torn between gratitude that she had happened to give him that tool for his
survival and crushing guilt of facilitating his putting himself in such a painful, horrible
situation, out in the woods with nobody to hear him scream.

 

[I don’t understand. I don’t understand, but I can move. I can move again, so I have to—!]

 

“Move,” Julius hissed out through gritted teeth. The bokka fruit was excusable, fine, and the
fact that he had used magic was excusable too— but it would only be excusable if he—
“Come on, Subaru, move—!”

 

[Forward. I have to move my feet forward. This direction is forward, isn’t it…?!]

 

Yes, yes, yes…! So coiled up with tension as he was, Ricardo’s support couldn’t make it out
from between his gritted teeth as he clenched his fist in front of him. Go, go, do it, Subaru…!

 

[Awareness, oblivion, awareness, oblivion, awareness, oblivion, over and over and over—!]

 

[—And then Subaru broke through the black cloud, and his sword thrust itself deep
into the mabeast’s chest, ripping itself out of his grip as he tumbled to the ground.]

 

“YES!” Wilhelm howled, practically leaping to his feet as he punched the air. His cry was
echoed by the cheers of the rest of the theater, having also exploded into a triumphant roar.

 

[I just… My sword, my hand, my…]



 

Subaru’s dazed voice, like someone who had abruptly been shocked out of their own body,
the triumphant roar screeched to an utter stop.

 

[I plunged a dull blade into living flesh…]

 

Ah. Ricardo winced, confusion and worry turning into an embarrassed sort of sympathy at
having forgotten something so important. Ricardo had been killing things for as long as he
could remember, but for someone like Subaru…

 

[I can still feel it. I can feel that ugly pulsing sensation…]

 

But of course…Subaru would need to learn to kill eventually, if he wanted a career as a
knight. In a way, Ricardo thought grimly, it was probably good that he was given a chance for
some practice.

 

(It didn’t feel good. But blessings weren’t always pretty, he knew — and they never came
without a price.)

 

[The psychological shock was much greater than Subaru had anticipated. It was eerie.
How do I…?]

 

“…Subaru-dono,” Wilhelm began, only to realize that he had no idea how to continue that
sentence.

 

—After a moment of silence, Subaru huffed, waving it aside. “I know it’s ridiculous,” he
muttered. “It was just a mabeast, and it was going to kill me if I didn’t kill it first. So…”

 

Everyone knew his feelings weren’t that simple. They all understood why, too: at his core,
the fact remained that Subaru was just too much of a softie to be able to kill something with
his own two hands without any regrets. —Subaru may have looked embarrassed by this, but



the soldiers and mercenaries in the room wanted to kick themselves for forgetting something
so fundamental about their friend’s good, kindhearted nature.

 

Emilia smiled sadly. It was selfish of her, maybe, but she really did love that about her
precious knight.

 

[It’s still in that black cloud, Subaru noted dimly. It doesn’t even feel the blade in its…
What a contradictory spectacle: a dead beast that doesn’t know that it’s dead.]

 

Staring at the surreal sight, Frederica had to agree.

 

“—No time for that!” Rachins snapped. “There’s no time for— Run! Just run, you idiot! You
utter moron, get OUT of there already!”

 

[But Subaru still took off running. Shamelessly putting distance between us while I still
can… But I have to get as close to the barrier as possible before the spell wears off!]

 

“I…” Tivey faltered, somewhat unsure of how to proceed. “I wouldn’t call that ‘shameless,’
Subaru.”

 

“Smart is more like it,” Hetaro muttered. “It’s the smart thing to do. That’s it. What sort of
standards are you…?”

 

Mimi said nothing at all, but her eyes were dark with worry just the same as her two brothers.

 

[My head his heavy… My whole body is sluggish… But because I bit down on that fruit at
the exact moment I used my magic, I can at least still move…!]

 

“How did you know that would work?” Reinhard suddenly asked, more eager for a change in
subject than anything else.



 

“…Subaru,” Julius prodded after a moment of silence. “Subaru — you DID know that was
going to work. Right?”

 

“…It was a gamble,” Subaru admitted. “I didn’t — know. But it paid off, so…”

 

Julius buried his face in his hands.

 

["—Thanks a million, brats." Subaru spat out the remnants of a bokka fruit.]

 

[No idea where they found one of those, but…!]

 

“…Where DID they find one of those?” Ferris muttered, eyes narrowing. “Bokka fruits
shouldn’t be available for children to put in their mouths.”

 

Crusch sighed, her shoulders slumping in resignation. “Children do have their way of getting
their hands on things they should be staying away from, don’t they?”

 

[I’m a beginner with insufficient mana, so I have no idea how long my Shamak would
keep going. I have to get as close to the barrier as possible before it—!]

 

[“—Ah?"]

 

“No!” Ricardo gasped, watching as a single claw grazed the back of Subaru’s left thigh
before he could even really start to run.

 

[Before the bleeding was even allowed to start, the sharp pain forced an anguished
groan as Subaru fell to his knees. But without even allowing him to kneel—!]

 



“WHAT THE FUCK?!” Rachins shrieked.

 

[The creature had reached out a thick paw to violently grab Subaru’s neck, the tips of
its claws digging in as it lifted him into the air.]

 

“I thought it was— What kind of dog does THAT?!” Rachins shouted, having recoiled at the
bizarre sight. Shocked and terrified to the point of frigid silence, Rem had to wholeheartedly
agree. “What kind of—?!”

 

“It’s not a dog,” Old Man Rom reminded him grimly. He, at least, had managed to keep his
cool in a room erupting into shouts. “Though they may look similar, an Ulgarm Wolf is a
mabeast, not a dog.”

 

Rem swallowed. So that was how it was, then…

 

["Damn it all…” Subaru groaned, staring up at the gaping maw of the mabeast holding
him up, fangs dripping with blood, foul-smelling breath hitting his face, the beast
readying to swallow him whole.]

 

It was such a bizarre, surreal sort of sight, but the unreality of it did nothing to neutralize the
terror coursing through Rem’s veins. That monster, that creature, that unearthly beast, any
moment now, would—!

 

[Subaru could only smile desperately at the depth of the creature's grudge.]

 

And he was still smiling. Rem could only watch in horrified disbelief. How could Subaru see
that terrifying face, and still find himself smiling—?!

 

["Go to hell, why don't you—?!" Subaru shouted aloud even through his desperate
smile, yanking the broken sword out of the mabeast’s chest and plunging it into its
mouth with all his might.]



 

The brutality of that blow made Crusch recoil backwards, eyes wide as her own hands flew
up to her mouth.

 

[The beast roared in agony, flinging Subaru’s body away to tumble across the ground
with his sword still in hand as it writhed, shaking its head to try and give itself some
levity from the pain before turning to Subaru with a look of berserk rage on its face.]

 

["Yeah!” Subaru taunted, his own eyes blazing right back. “How's that, sucker?! Bite
on that!"]

 

Wilhelm was too busy cheering Subaru on to notice his Lady’s adverse reaction. “KEEP
GOING!” he roared, using enthusiasm to keep his own mounting terror at bay. “Keep going,
Subaru-dono, you’re almost—!”

 

[Yeah, Subaru thought grimly, blood all over his face, glaring with eyes at a monster
that reflected that same bloodied, focused, hatred-filled expression right back at him.
We both understand. None of this will end until one of us slays the other.]

 

Frederica had thought that covering her eyes would make things more tolerable, but having to
focus on the sounds alone somehow made it all feel even worse. Holding back a miserable
moan, she peeked out at the meteor from between her fingers.

 

[A single spark will be enough to set us off. This confrontation between man and beast —
no, TWO beasts — it is on the cusp of beginning—!]

 

Rem didn’t think she would call Subaru a beast. Rather, even if she knew her knowledge and
experience of this world were limited, she couldn’t help but feel that Subaru was the most
human person she could ever hope to know.

 

[“—Ul Goa.”]

 



[The ground in front of Subaru’s face exploded into flames.]

 

Rem shrieked, abruptly launched out of her meandering thoughts. “SUBARU!”

 

[Subaru’s shriek sounded very similar to Rem’s as he shielded his face, blown
backwards by a wave of heat that caused burns to suddenly pepper his already-bruised
flesh. Owww—!]

 

The theater around her bursting into cries of alarm, Ram winced. She understood that
Roswaal had likely been short on time with that blow, panicking at the sight of his new
servant at death’s doorstep after barely a week at the Manor, but he could have had just a bit
more care…!

 

["What the hell just…?”]

 

[And then Subaru saw the state of his opponent.]

 

“Holy shit,” Garfiel gasped. Wide-eyed next to him, Frederica was too stricken by the sight
before her to scold her little brother for his language.

 

[The mabeast had been engulfed in a pillar of fire. It shuddered, paws tearing at the
ground in agony as it wriggled and writhed. Its maw opened as if howling, but with
smoke scorching its lungs black it couldn’t even manage a croak. It’s flesh was searing
off, its bones were charring, it squirmed and struggled and finally dropped to the
ground with a heavy thud.]

 

Otto stared, horrified by the gruesome sight to the point of utter silence. He wasn’t the only
one: all those who were unused to such grisly violence had to hold back their nauseating
disgust at the scene before them.

 

—Of course, basically nobody would bother empathizing with such a monster. Such
compassion would be an utter waste of their time, after all. It was just…somewhat disgusting



to look at.

 

(Emilia turned away. Subaru swallowed back his regrets. Nobody could tear their eyes away
from the meteor long enough to catch the mournful looks on either of their faces.)

 

[Ah, Subaru thought, staring wide-eyed at the clump of blackened flesh that had lost
two-thirds of its mass. Our confrontation has been placed on permanent suspension,
then.]

 

“I’d say that counts as a fair bit more than just a suspension!” Crusch squeaked, her face
having gone white at the brutal sight onscreen.

 

[Around Subaru, other flaming spells bore down from above into the black cloud that
surrounded him. He couldn’t see where they landed or what happened when they did —
but he could guess.]

 

[The mabeasts are being destroyed without even realizing it, Subaru thought faintly. I
can’t tell if that’s cruelty or mercy.]

 

It was mercy, Ferris knew. A quick blow, and then they wouldn’t even know it until it was
already over. Still, it wasn’t pretty to watch.

 

It was cruelty, Wilhelm was sure. A warrior wanted to keep their eyes open until their final
breath had been lost to the wind. Still, it wasn’t like he’d bother sparing his sympathies for
monsters like this.

 

(And even outside of them being monsters, they had killed Subaru without him being aware
of it until he had already woken up four days in the past. This was just them getting a taste of
their own medicine, really.)

 

["Myyy, my, myyy,” a familiar voice called out, the source descending from on high
with a flippant smile on his face. “Who would have thooought that a mere Shamak, used



chiefly for smokescreens, could be employed with this much impaaact? —Ohhhh, you
look rather teeerrible, I must saaay."]

 

“Oh thank FUCK.”

 

Rachins didn’t even mean to exclaim it, the words just slipping out as he slumped backwards
in his seat. Still, nobody could find it in themselves to laugh at him for it.

 

“My amazing self doesn’t like feeling grateful that the clown showed up,” Garfiel muttered.
Otto shrugged, similarly uncomfortable, but…

 

["You're super late to the party, Ros-chi,” Subaru muttered. “How many times do you
think I thought I was gonna die there…?"]

 

But Roswaal had just saved Subaru from certain death. So, the two of them could allow
themselves to be grateful for the Margrave’s interference, just this one more time.

 

[And with that, Subaru lost his strength and fell to the ground, too weak to even get on
his knees.]

 

Emilia exhaled slowly. So she really had managed to help him after all.

 

She could have done more, if only Subaru had asked her to. But at least she had done this
much.

 

["You sure figured out where I was, though,” Subaru was muttering.]

 

["Ah.” Roswaal smiled. “That is because of what Lady Emilia pounded iiinto me at the
village. She said, 'Even if it's crazy and reckless, if he’s backed into a corner he’ll probably
use magic, so don’t you dare miss it from the sky!”]



 

Otto and Garfiel both breathed a sigh of relief, shamelessly shifting their gratitude from
Roswaal to Emilia in light of this new information. Thus, all was right with the world once
again.

 

—So, that was how it was.

 

Rem may have charged into those woods without a plan — but through orders to her servant
Roswaal, it was Lady Emilia who had ultimately saved Subaru’s life. Rem smiled at the
screen, aching in a way that felt both hurtful and warm.

 

["Damn it, Beako...” Subaru huffed. “You let Emilia figure it out real quick." She
hadn’t been up to the task, huh? But — maybe that was for the best…]

 

It didn’t really matter who was to praise, Rem decided. The important point was that
someone had stepped in to save him, because there was no way Subaru would have survived
a fight with the Wolgarm Chief.

 

Beatrice averted her eyes. Part of her wanted to defend her efforts, but the rest of her was all
too aware of the simmering anger Emilia was forcing herself to smile through behind her. …
It was reasonable, for her to be angry.

 

["Roswaal-sama—!" Ram’s voice shouted, and the two Oni sisters cut past the burning
black cloud, through the thicket, and into the clearing — the younger resting on the
shoulder of the elder.]

 

Rachins snorted. “So much for escaping back to the village, huh?”

 

Before, Ram would have said something about Lord Roswaal’s side being the safest place of
all. But now, with the context of her little sister’s role in these events…

 



Had she rushed to Roswaal’s side for mere safety? Or had she used the chance to finally
oblige her little sister’s plea to return for Subaru?

 

["I am sorry to have caused you so much trouble,” Ram said, looking very glad to see
him.]

 

["Oh no, that is quite fine. Indeed, you have done veeery well in my absence."]

 

[Ram blushed at the praise, pressing a hand to her chest as she gave a solemn nod.
Subaru sighed in relief.]

 

…Perhaps Ram would never really know what she had been thinking, back then. Not even
now.

 

[“—Subaru-kun!”]

 

“—Ah?!” Otto exclaimed loudly as he startled backwards. “Rem?!”

 

[“Gwah!” Subaru choked out, the younger sister having suddenly leapt forth to
embrace him with tearful relief.]

 

“…Well,” Garfiel managed. “That — is certainly a shift.”

 

Frederica suddenly found herself giggling into her hand.

 

[In any other context, I’d be overjoyed, Subaru admitted inwardly. But she’s hugging me
with all her might— and everything still hurts—!]

 

Rem winced. Hard. “Subaru…!”



 

[“Rem,” he croaked out. “My body’s banged up all over the… Ah, my minds kinda…”]

 

Forcing Subaru’s hand by running impulsively off into the woods, nearly killed the boy she
was trying to save with her own weapon, leaving him to what had looked like certain death
while her sister carried her weakened self to safety — and now aggravating the very injuries
that Subaru had sustained for her sake. Rem could only be amazed, really.

 

She was glad that Lady Emilia had been able to intervene when she did. If that woman — if
her servant Roswaal — if either of them had been even a little bit slower…

 

["You're alive,” Rem sobbed, so overwhelmed with relief that she was oblivious to
everything else. “You're still alive. Subaru-kun, Subaru-kun… Subaru-kun!"]

 

Well. Perhaps Rem could just be relieved that everything had turned out alright, in the end.

 

["Oh man…” Subaru muttered, eyes fluttering shut with the weight of exhaustion. “Not
this…again…”]

 

“I was just sleepy!” Subaru said hastily, already seeing the theater beginning to panic at his
tone. “I was— I’m fine after this, I promise! I was just— It was a long day, you know?!”

 

["Go ahead and sleep,” Roswaal’s distant voice ordered. “When you awaken, I must
thank you quite earnestly. At the very least, rest assured I shall eliminate that which
threatens you."]

 

Old Man Rom sighed, slowly relaxing once again into his seat at the confirmation. Calling it
“a long day” was such an understatement that it almost felt insulting.

 

[Comforted by this security, Subaru finally allowed himself to fall asleep — lulled into
slumber by the warmth of the embrace and the relief of finally receiving it.]



 

“I sure can’t blame you,” Julius muttered. “You did far, far more than enough, Subaru…”

 

It wasn’t that he didn’t admire it, really. But it made his stomach clench, knowing how much
Subaru had gone through for everyone else’s sake without any of them ever really being able
to understand it.

 

[Ah… I’m back in this shadowy place again.]

 

The theater seemed to blink as one.

 

[There’s nobody here. There’s nothing here. Nothing begins. Nothing ends. A world of
nothing at all. Only my consciousness hovers in space…]

 

“—What?” Rachins asked.

 

Mimi shrugged. “A weird dream, maybe…?”

 

“Who dreams of…this…?” Tivey muttered.

 

Hetaro smacked him upside the head. “Don’t be rude.”

 

[—Ah. She’s here.]

 

“Uh…” Felt frowned.

 

Rem swallowed. “She?” she prodded. “Wasn’t there…only the mabeast…?”



 

She turned to her older sister for answers, but unfortunately Ram looked both uncomfortable
and completely lost.

 

[A human silhouette. Vaguely feminine…]

 

That — didn’t exactly narrow it down. Reinhard folded his arms, trying to figure out what he
was looking at.

 

Ricardo crossed his arms, trying to hide his growing discomfort. For — everyone’s sake,
really.

 

[The graze of those fingers makes me want to weep. Why do I want to weep? It’s as
though…I was always waiting for her to…]

 

Crusch felt something cold trickle down her spine. Was this…?!

 

No. No, he hadn’t tried to break… But perhaps it was.

 

She really, really hoped it wasn’t…!

 

Wilhelm shivered. He was a powerful warrior and he prided himself on his courage, but for
some reason this felt like a different sort of danger entirely from what he had spent his years
honing himself to face.

 

[Take me. Embrace me. Swallow me whole. —Why did you…? Someone else?]

 

Ferris could only watch with a feeling of utter confusion.

 



[A light shadow. White fingers. Embracing me from behind… The shadow in front of me is
rapidly fading away…?]

 

Julius could only exhale slowly in something resembling relief as that — thing — faded
away somewhere.

 

[Come back! Come back! Don’t leave me behind!]

 

“Su…” Emilia swallowed. She didn’t understand this at all, but the sound of her precious
knight crying out for someone to not leave him behind felt like a knife twisting itself into her
chest.

 

Beatrice pressed herself closer to Subaru’s cage.

 

[“—ve you.”]

 

“Uh,” Garfiel said.

 

“…What?” Frederica asked, looking completely lost.

 

Otto didn’t say anything at all.

 

[And the world fell apart around him.]

 

“…I don’t remember that,” Subaru said uncomfortably. “Like. At all.”

 

(He had an idea of who it might have been, but — that wasn’t anyone else’s business.)

 



Old Man Rom’s frown deepened. Anastasia averted her eyes. For Subaru’s sake, they both
hoped that had been nothing more than a very strange nightmare.

 

[“A visit for Barusu?” Ram’s voice interrupted. “He’s surely still asleep. —Oh well. The
only person who would be embarrassed to be seen with a dumb sleeping face would be
Barusu, so that’s fine. Come, follow…”]

 

[The meteor flickered on again to show Subaru lying in bed, fast asleep. Clad in the
same gown he had been wearing when he first woke up in the manor, nestled in the
same guest room in which he had originally found himself — but this time…]

 

The entire theater seemed to suck in a breath as one at Subaru’s injured state, all bruised and
bloody and bandaged up where he lay unconscious amongst the soft blankets of the bed.
Oddly, the most painful detail of all was the fact that he was wearing the same kind of gown
that he had first woken up in, on five separate first mornings in the…!

 

Emilia remembered this, of course, but she couldn’t help but feel much the same way as
everyone seeing it for the very first time. Oh, Subaru…

 

[“Don’t you have to tell the Lord first?” Petra’s voice asked, sounding somewhat far
away.]

 

[“The mansion’s miscellaneous affairs are left to us. Unless, of course, you are an
assassin who has come to take Barusu’s life. —Are you assassins?”]

 

Ram winced. In retrospect, one of those children really HAD been an assassin.

 

[“There’s never been a cuter assassin made, right?” Petra replied. She sounded closer,
now. “So it’s alright.”]

 

Though fortunately, Ram recalled, Meili hadn’t been among the group that had visited the
manor that day. Rather, she had already disappeared from the village entirely.



 

[Finally, there was a knock. “—We’re coming in,” Ram’s voice said, now loud and clear,
and the door opened to reveal her, Petra, and the other children that Subaru had saved
just a little while before.]

 

“Thank Od they’re all alright,” Julius groaned.

 

“Thank Subaru, more like,” Rachins muttered.

 

Felt huffed. “Didn’t we see the lot of them all up and about not long ago?” she asked,
amused.

 

“I can still be relieved, can’t I?” Rachins retorted. “All of that really was a lot, you know!”

 

[“Subaru, isn’t it already evening?” Petra teased, sounding relieved at the sight of him
lying in bed. She wandered closer. “You shouldn’t be sleeping this late—”]

 

[And then she froze.]

 

Wilhelm couldn’t blame her, really. Subaru’s face may have looked peaceful from a distance,
but the scars and bandages that covered him from head to toe…

 

“Not the sort o’ thing a little girl should be seeing,” Old Man Rom agreed quietly.

 

Ricardo exhaled slowly through his nostrils. Unfortunately, the world was rarely kind enough
to spare the children of such horrible sights. He would just have to be grateful Petra had only
been made to look at the results, rather than feel the sting of it all herself.

 

(More specifically, he’d have to be grateful for Subaru’s intervention. This wasn’t the sort of
miracle that Od Laguna had gone and cooked up itself, after all.)



 

Garfiel had thought that he’d grown up. Really, he had: he was fifteen now and everything.
But looking at his Captain’s sorry state, he couldn’t help but feel that he and young Petra
were one and the same, what with the matching look on their faces and all.

 

[“Keep quiet, so as not to wake him,” Ram ordered, already moving to step back into
the hallway. “Call out when you are finished.”]

 

Subaru could only watch as the other children hesitantly followed to where Petra was rooted
to the spot, staring in horror at his own mangled body.

 

“Oh, Petra…” he murmured. He didn’t remember this moment, exactly, but he remembered
their conversation in the village not long afterwards. At her core, Petra really was a kind and
gentle sort of girl, wasn’t she?

 

Rem watched Petra’s face, her own eyes pained. She had seemed so headstrong back at the
village and in the forest, but now…

 

It seemed the most headstrong of people could also be the softest and most compassionate of
souls. Subaru was like that, too, wasn’t he?

 

[“—It’s my fault,” Petra finally said, in a voice just loud enough to be called a voice. She
was backing away, shaking all over. “It’s all my fault…!”]

 

Mimi winced, hard. Children shouldn’t be anywhere near difficult things like this, and this
was exactly why.

 

“It’s not your…” Tivey trailed off. Hetaro just sighed, his eyes dull.

 

Next to them, Anastasia tilted her head. Her gaze was more quizzical than sympathetic as she
observed the young girl’s movements onscreen.



 

[“Let’s write something on Subaru’s bandages!” “Right.” “Right!” “A token of
sympathy…!”]

 

“Annoying brats, I suppose,” Beatrice muttered.

 

“I think it’s nice, that they were able to keep their spirits up,” Reinhard said mildly. His eyes
were soft as he watched the children fuss about. “And — those really are pleasant messages
they’re writing, aren’t they…?”

 

(It would never happen, he knew. But — if Reinhard were to get injured, would he, too, wake
up to find pleasant things scribbled all over his bandages?)

 

[“—Petra?” Meina asked, holding out the quill to the only one who had yet to sign
Subaru’s bandages.]

 

Ferris could only watch with sad eyes. It was the burden of the compassionate, he knew, to
feel the pains of others as harshly as if they were one’s own.

 

Crusch tentatively placed a hand on Ferris’ shoulder, and was relieved when he sank into her
side. This much, for this person, she could do.

 

[“Petra, what’s wrong?” “Are you alright?”]

 

Frederica exhaled slowly, remembering what Petra had confided in her about these bitter
memories of hers.

 

The other children had looked to her like that before they had entered the forest, too. They
had always looked to her, and she had always summoned her courage and led them forth. But
this time, with Subaru lying there—

 



[“—I can’t do it!”]

 

[Stifling a sob, Petra covered her face, turned, and fled.]

 

Emilia watched her go, eyes round with confusion and worry. “Petra…?”

 

Otto had to avert his gaze entirely. That distraught face — it was uncomfortable to look at,
especially when it was coming from Petra of all people.

 

[Ram watched her go, but she didn’t follow.]

 

Ram exhaled slowly. She remembered what she had been thinking back then. It — hadn’t
been any of her business, and her interference in that one’s emotional affairs would only
make things worse.

 

Petra had figured it out, with time. And it hadn’t even taken her all that long.

 

[Subaru opened his eyes to a ceiling heavily ornamented, decorated to excess.]

 

[Perhaps it’s mandatory in an aristocrat's mansion, the better to show off the Master's
authority to other parties, Subaru reflected, blinking several times as he awoke. Though
to me, born and raised in a small city, it is distinctly uncomfortable.]

 

Ram was fairly sure that Lord Roswaal had chosen to allow him to stay in that room as a
reward for his service. It was a shame, that his goodwill had backfired in such a way. After
all, to Subaru — it would have looked like he had opened his eyes to the same room in
which, on five separate days, he had…

 

Well. There was one thing that was different, this time around.

 



["—It seems…you are awake?"]

 

Rem sucked in a sharp breath alongside everyone else in the room.

 

[After all, it was none other than her old self sitting right by Subaru’s head.]

 

Seeing her so close to Subaru — still filled Wilhelm with a strong sense of unease. Perhaps
not bloodcurdling terror, as it had been before, but he still wasn’t quite comfortable seeing
those two in the same room together.

 

"I know," Crusch muttered next to him. She was similarly tense. "I get it."

 

Next to them both, Ferris' eyes were stony and cold, and he said nothing at all.

 

[“I suppose in one sense, having a maid by your side when you wake up is a man’s
cherished desire,” Subaru murmured.]

 

Perhaps another time, Julius would have lightly scolded Subaru for such a crass and inelegant
greeting. Right now he was just too tense, eyes trained on the volatile girl who could very
easily lean either way based on the flip of a coin.

 

[Rem’s eyes downturned, with her hardly even acknowledging his attempt at levity. "…
Considering my degree of carelessness, this is the least I can do to atone."]

 

She really had been ridiculously careless, Anastasia thought disapprovingly. With how much
trouble she had caused, how many times even this version of herself had nearly gotten Subaru
killed — to say nothing of her actions in past loops, which had consequences regardless of
whether Rem could remember them or not — it seemed completely ridiculous that holding
his hand would be enough to atone. …And yet, she knew that such an action was exactly the
sort of thing that Subaru himself would have valued over almost anything else in the world.
Completely, utterly ridiculous.



 

Ricardo sighed at his Lady's hard expression. "Ana-bo…"

 

Mimi huffed, crossing her arms. Tivey sighed, looking both defeated by and resentful of
Subaru's kind and forgiving nature. Hetaro simply watched, and waited to see what would
happen next before he came to his final conclusions.

 

["Man, that's such a negative thing to say, Rem. More to the point…"]

 

[Subaru sat up, and lifted his right hand. It was firmly in Rem’s grasp. “Did I do this?”]

 

"A—" Reinhard hesitated for a moment, and then smiled uncertainly. "Ahh…"

 

In other circumstances, Rachins likely would have broken out into jeers and mockery at the
sight of Subaru waking up to hold a pretty girl's hand. But knowing the person attached to
that hand — the history of that person and Subaru, whether that person would remember that
history or not—

 

Old Man Rom groaned. Youngsters really were utterly exhausting.

 

[“If I just grabbed you and didn't let go…” Subaru laughed awkwardly. “That's kind of
embarrassing. It's like when I was a kid and wouldn't let go of my favorite blanket."]

 

—Felt grinned. She had a feeling it hadn't been Subaru who had reached out to hold the
other's hand.

 

Sure enough…

 

["Er, no, that's…” Rem’s cheeks reddened just a bit. "I…did it."]



 

Sure enough, Felt had been right.

 

"What's that smug look for?" Rachins frowned. Felt harrumphed and refused to answer.

 

Across the room, Otto raised his eyebrows. It was a sweet gesture and all, but…

 

Garfiel pressed his lips together, folding his arms uncertainly. "…Is it bad that my amazing
self doesn't know how to feel about those two being alone together?" he asked Otto and
Frederica sheepishly.

 

"I…" Frederica had a similarly complicated expression on her face. "…I think it's the
expected reaction," she finally answered.

 

Emilia smiled weakly. Well, all of — that — aside…

 

—Well, Beatrice supposed, coming to the same conclusion as Emilia. Someone had been
there by Subaru's side when he woke up. That was the important part.

 

["Why?” Subaru asked. He sounded completely genuine. “I mean, I sweat a lot when I
sleep, so my palm's probably pretty nasty, too."]

 

["Subaru-kun, I…”]

 

["Yeah?"]

 

Ram blinked, and then smiled softly. "Oh, Rem…"

 



That kind heart really was her sister at her very core, wasn't it? But…that was only to be
expected, for someone wonderful enough to be Ram's little sister.

 

(Kind, cruel, stubborn, insecure, impulsive, nervous — Rem was many different things, and
she was all of those things at once, and every single one of those things was something Rem's
older sister would love with all her heart and soul.)

 

Subaru's eyes softened at the look on Rem's face, finally bare and free of those iron walls she
had worn for so, so long. There you are.

 

Rem watched the scene before her play out and said nothing, waiting patiently and quietly to
see what would happen next.

 

[The Subaru onscreen also waited patiently as Rem tried to formulate a response,
taking several breaths before looking up at him again. Their hands remained joined.]

 

Emilia watched those hands remain where they were, and her uneasy smile softened into
something more genuine and warm.

 

Yes. That was the important part, she was sure.

 

["You seemed to be suffering while you slept,“ Rem finally said. “So I…”]

 

["You held my hand?"]

 

["Yes, because I am weak and full of flaws.” Rem’s words were halting and fumbling, as
though she were embarrassed to admit it. “Hence, I do not know what I can do for
someone when this happens. Since I did not know, I…did the thing that would have
made me happiest."]

 



Wilhelm found himself chuckling sympathetically. He also didn't know what to do in such
emotional situations, where there was no enemy to defeat and yet problems abounded
regardless. He tried to imagine himself holding someone's hand as they slept and realized that
he might not have the courage to even try such a thing. Foolish old man…

 

Rem frowned. That was an awfully morose way to respond to that question. Did her old self
want to ruin Subaru's mood the very moment he woke up or something?

 

—So, Ram thought. It really had been Rem's idea, that night on the fourth loop that even
Subaru had been able to clearly remember.

 

(She had assumed as much, of course, from the brief bit she and the others had seen before,
but…)

 

[Just like that hand had rescued me from a bad dream, as if I were a little kid… Subaru
smiled. No doubt someone had held Rem's hand on some night when she seemed about to
cry. I can’t help but be happy — giddy, even — that she did the same for me.]

 

Ram smiled tenderly, pressing close to her little sister. She was glad, so glad, that she had at
least managed to give Rem that much in those seventeen years.

 

Rem pressed back against Ram, eyes on the meteor. It was nice, that her old self had at least
recognized that her big sister really, truly loved her.

 

[“Anyway…” Subaru inclined his head, enjoying the warmth of her hand. There was no
reason for either of them to let go, after all. “Care to tell me what else happened before I
read the sequel?”]

 

["Yes.” Rem nodded, not even smiling at his attempt at a joke. “How much do you
remember, Subaru?"]

 



["Ros-chi made fire rain from the sky, and you were worked up and bear-hugged me.
That's it.”]

 

[“So,” Rem mused. “What happened after, then…?”]

 

[And then she explained in a businesslike fashion.]

 

Roswaal had used Subaru’s unconscious self to lure out the remaining mabeasts, torching
each and every one of them until nothing but ash remained. —In retrospect, Ram lamented,
he had missed a fair few of the Wolgarm pack. But in any case, their numbers had been
wildly reduced from the swarm that had been in the forest before.

 

[“In this case…” Rem said. “The casters were the mabeasts that bit you. You need not
be concerned about dying from those curses any longer. Roswaal-sama and Beatrice-
sama and the Great Spirit have already taken care of everything."]

 

He was still cursed, then.

 

Julius had had his suspicions, but this all but confirmed it. “Need not be considered about
dying from those curses any longer,” Rem had said. So they were still there, but they would
simply never have the chance to activate and take his life.

 

["So all three are guaranteeing it, huh…?” Having been bitten practically everywhere
else, Subaru placed a hand on his breast as he sighed in relief. “Well, I'll believe it this
time."]

 

Julius gritted his teeth. That — was not ideal. The idea that something so troublesome had
been planted in Subaru’s body made him want to punch something. …But he supposed this
wasn’t the worst outcome, really.

 

["Roswaal-sama also calmed the agitated villagers in person. Things have mostly
returned to peace and quiet."]



 

Yes. It could have been so, so much worse.

 

["I see. So the brats are safe, huh?” Subaru snickered, trying to lighten the mood. “But
they're probably worried sick about their beloved Big Bro Subaru coming back all beat-
up, heh-heh."]

 

Subaru grimaced, remembering Petra’s face. That…had been far, far truer than he had
realized. Mentally, he kicked himself for such a tactless sort of jab.

 

“Stupid,” Beatrice murmured. There was no bite to her voice. “All those children loved you
right from the start.”

 

["—Yes,” Rem murmured, before gently pulling down the blanket covering him up. “So
it would seem."]

 

The gifts that they had used that quill to leave behind should have been more than enough
proof of that.

 

[Subaru looked confused and a little suspicious for a moment — until he saw what Rem
had just uncovered before his eyes. "There are scribbles all over my bandages — like on
a cast for a broken leg!" he exclaimed.]

 

Ferris snorted at the surprised look on Subaru’s face.

 

“Were ya really that shocked?” Rom grinned. “Scribbling all over yer bandages like a bunch
of pests was the least those brats could do.”

 

["The children Roswaal-sama graciously invited to the mansion wrote these things."]

 



Rem glanced at Ram, amused. Ram brushed her bangs to the other side of her face so that she
resembled her younger sister, wordlessly feigning innocence — just as her old self had done
during that very first breakfast with Subaru in that very first loop.

 

[Subaru clicked his tongue, squinting to read the foreign letters in bad handwriting
from an upside-down angle on his gown. "Geez, those little brats..!"]

 

It was in the I-script that Subaru had worked so hard to learn. Normally she would be
annoyed by such an inefficient pace, but Anastasia couldn’t help but watch fondly as he
slowly managed to make out what messages the children had written for him.

 

[“‘Thanks for bringing Rem back.’ ‘Thank you very much.’ ‘You look crazy, but you're
cool.’ ‘Do radio calisthenics with us like you promised.’ ‘Love you.’” Subaru grumbled,
leaning back against his pillow and looking out the window, glaring towards the village.
"Geez, those brats… It's so stupid. I don't even like kids…”]

 

“Of course ya don’t,” Ricardo said with amusement, knowing that Subaru hadn’t meant a
word of it.

 

After all…

 

[Subaru’s face contrasted with his words, giving away his warm affection. I’m looking
forward to paying them a visit as soon as I can, he thought. Then I’ll give those happy,
prank-playing children a real chewing out…]

 

Old Man Rom smiled, feeling unusually tender. He knew that mix of aggravated fondness
very, very well.

 

"Oi, shaddup, ya old bag!" Felt snapped.

 

"I didn't say anything?!"



 

["Setting aside the past,” Rem said, her warm expression faltering. “I need to speak to
you about your body."]

 

[“Mm, ah, suppose you're right." Subaru winced. "Setting aside the curse, I pushed it
pretty far, huh?"]

 

Emilia exhaled slowly. "You really did, Subaru," she murmured. "I was so, so worried about
you…"

 

"I know, Emilia-tan," Subaru replied quietly. "I get it now, really."

 

A little ways away, Ferris could only scowl.

 

[My shoulder… Subaru suddenly noticed. My right shoulder, the same side as the hand
that Rem is holding… It’s back in its socket. Even when I put weight on it, there’s no ache.
And I don’t feel any malaise from any of those bite wounds… This world's healing magic
can do anything.]

 

Julius hissed softly. "That's not…!"

 

Ferris scowled even further. What a naïve impression of healing magic. Of course, Ferris
himself could probably heal just about anything — but for Subaru to get such a frivolous
view of the art right from his introduction to it like this would only ever spell trouble,
encouraging him to push himself further and further until…

 

Well. Subaru had already broken his gate beyond repair, hadn't he?

 

["Subaru-kun.” Rem bent forward at the waist, bowing her head before him. “I am
sorry."]

 



Tivey exhaled slowly. Hetaro pressed against his little brother’s side.

 

Mimi scowled. It stung to hear that, when she knew that Rem was sorry for everything that
wasn’t her fault and nothing that was.

 

["Hey, hey.” Subaru waved his hand, looking rather confused. “Lift your head up, Rem.
My body's fine; there's nothing bad about it. I'm in perfect condition."]

 

“It’s not,” Julius muttered tiredly. “It’s really not, Subaru…”

 

Rem watched the meteor sadly. There were many things that Rem should have been sorry for,
where Subaru was concerned. But even outside of the simple fact that this Rem had never
known — could never be expected to know — about any of those horrible things that Subaru
had experienced at her own hand, she already knew that her old self had been sorry for all
things that she should never been so deeply sorry for at all.

 

["That is…not true whatsoever,” Rem pointed out. “Certainly the visible wounds have
been healed, and fortunately, you need not be concerned about aftereffects hindering
normal, everyday life. But… The scars remain. Not only on the body but the heart as
well.” Rem’s face had turned dark with bitterness. “Also, due to repeated healing, your
body's mana is on the verge of running dry."]

 

Ferris almost barked out a laugh. “Scars upon his heart” she had said — and she didn’t even
know! Ridiculous. Pathetic. Disgusting. Just hideous, that’s what this whole situation was.
How dare Rem try to apologize to Subaru when she didn’t even know what it was she should
be apologizing for.

 

[“Ahh, so that’s why my body is a little sluggish,” Subaru noted. “But that’s not a big
problem, is it? Scars on the body are a man’s medals so long as they’re not on the
back.” Subaru smiled, pointing back at himself with his thumb. “And I’m pretty tough
when it comes to mental scars.”]

 

…He really was, wasn’t he?



 

Wilhelm felt a proud smile crawling back across his face. All of that, and Subaru had still
managed to come out on top in the end. He was scarred, but he was here, and he was smiling
at Rem with the warmth and kindness that he had managed to keep within himself despite
everything that had tried to rip it away from him. Truly, Subaru was an amazing person.

 

"That's Captain for ya," Garfiel murmured. His eyes were shining with admiration. "That's…"

 

[I’m not making it up, Subaru thought. If my heart had been naive enough to be broken
beyond repair, I'd never have made it to this morning, to have Rem holding my hand like
that. —After all, I underwent wounds to my spirit that could very well have made me
unable to look Rem in the eye again.]

 

—Otto wasn’t so sure that this was toughness, really.

 

The merchant shifted uneasily, averting his eyes from the meteor. It was one thing, if Subaru
really did feel as though it had all been said and done. It was another, if he was trying
desperately to move on because there was something precious that he wanted to hold on tight
to with both hands, no matter how much it hurt. It was another, if he was ignoring something.
It was another, if he was avoiding something. It was another, if he felt that he had to sacrifice
one thing to keep ahold of the other.

 

Otto guessed that was one of the many things they would have to talk about with him, wasn't
it?

 

(If he was right, then that conversation would be a long time coming. Perhaps this
demonstration really had been a blessing, if there was still a hidden, festering wound their
Camp needed to disinfect.)

 

[She has short blue hair, Subaru observed. Her face is more the "lovely" than "pretty"
type. At first, I’d thought she showed little emotion on her face, but she’s coming around
on that bit by bit.]

 



Rem's eyes traced over every aspect of her old self, observing the same things that Subaru
was observing, noting the same things that Subaru was noting, doing her best to keep her
heart as open as she was certain that his would always be. So this, this woman, this person
sitting there— This was who she had been, back before she had…

 

…How HAD she lost her memories, anyway?

 

[I’m not afraid of her. I’m not afraid of her at all.]

 

Then you're a fucking idiot, Rachins wanted to snap. You fucking idiot — she tries and fails
spectacularly in saving you single-handedly, to the point where she almost pummels you into
the ground in the middle of the woods AGAIN, and that was somehow enough for you?!

 

[There was a Rem who made me loop more than once, Subaru reflected. But here is a
Rem happy from the bottom of her heart that I came back alive. It’s all by chance. —
There’s the Rem who ran amok for her sister's sake, the Rem who acted rashly to protect
me, the Rem who ran off before switching to Berserker Mode so that she wouldn't cause
friendly fire—]

 

["You may look like you have it all together,” he said aloud. “But you really aren't the
calm type at all, are you, Rem?"]

 

She wasn't. Wilhelm winced. She really, really wasn't…

 

He understood her better, now. He liked her a little better, too. But the fact remained that Rem
was a very fickle sort of person whose outward persona could change drastically with the flip
of a coin.

 

[In everyday life at the mansion, Rem has exceptionally sound, rational decision-making
ability, Subaru thought, without any real judgement at all. But in a fast-moving crisis,
her thoughts also moved quickly, making her hasty and rash. —I’m not really one to talk
about snap judgments, but in Rem's case, it’s kind of scary how she holds a hammer and
sees every problem as a nail. I’ve experienced the consequences firsthand, after all…]



 

You understand that much! Otto wanted to scream. You understand that she's dangerous, so
how can you also say that—?!

 

He swallowed it back.

 

…That gentle sort of kindness was the kind of person Subaru was. It was the kind of person
Lady Emilia was, too. So, that was why Otto would have to walk in darkness behind them,
keeping the two of them safe by getting his hands dirty in all the ways that those two kind
hearts would never be able to manage.

 

[Rem froze, and then she bowed to him. The movement felt listless. "I…understand."]

 

No, you don't, Rem thought sadly. I can already tell you don't understand what he's really
telling you at all.

 

["I am powerless, talentless, and a reject of the Oni Clan,” Rem said. She spoke more
quickly as she continued, as if a dam was finally cracking inside of her chest. “That is
why I could never live up to Nee-sama. I was so slow-footed compared to Nee-sama, and
I could not think of any way to catch up beyond running faster.”]

 

Ridiculous, Ram thought sadly. I told you before, Rem: I’m your big sister, so I’ll always wait
for you.

 

["Nee-sama did everything better.” Rem covered her face with her free hand. Her
words sounded choked, as if she were squeezing them out of her chest. “Nee-sama never
blundered. Nee-sama never wavered. Nee-sama was right about everything. Nee-sama…
If it was Nee-sama, she…”]

 

[Rem trailed off, and she meekly looked up at where Subaru was watching her with
patient eyes.]

 



Ram instantly stopped breathing, feeling like she had just been kicked hard in the stomach.
That gaze, those blue eyes, they were filled with despair and resignation, so deep it left them
seeming as though they had been hollowed out.

 

"Ohh…" she whispered hoarsely. "Oh, Rem…!"

 

Across the room, Subaru watched the meteor with an anguished expression of his own. He
hadn't seen that look on Rem's face in quite some time, and he knew he would likely never
see that sort of look from her again. But that didn't stop those eyes from feeling like a dagger
tearing through his very soul.

 

["I was always Nee-sama's...substitute,” Rem said, and for the first time that statement
was said out loud with misery instead of pride. “I've always, always been inferior. Truly,
I am a good-for-nothing. I could not catch up to Nee-sama no matter how much I
chased after her." Tears welled in her eyes. "Why was I the one to keep my horn? Why
wasn't it Nee-sama? Why was Nee-sama born with only one? Why…? Why were Nee-
sama and I twins?"]

 

Mimi cringed. Hetaro hissed. Tivey stared up at Rem's tearful face with wounded eyes. To
have a sibling, to BE a sibling — it was the most precious, wonderful gift any of them had
ever been granted. How could Rem ever think that anything, anything in the world, would
ever be worth…?

 

Ram swallowed, breathing shaky. She would give up her horn ten-thousand times for the sake
of her little sister, and so much more. Her eyes, her ears, her hands, her heart, her soul—

 

Tobe a big sister was the most important thing in Ram's world. She wanted nothing else,
desired nothing else, if it came at the cost of her dear, precious twin sister. For Rem to have
ever considered herself replaceable with something else, a second-best replacement to
anything else…!

 

But it wasn't Rem's fault. It was the fault of those stupid, stupid grown-ups from back at their
destroyed village, petulantly haunting her little sister even from beyond the grave. Absolutely
ridiculous, the lot of them. Ram didn't miss any of them even a little bit, and she was certain
that she never would.



 

Rem watched her old self question her very existence with an open heart. After all, it wasn’t
long ago that she, too, had questioned everything about herself. In a way, it had been her
repeating history without even being aware of it, wasn’t that right? —But Rem thought she
understood, now, just what kind of person she had been.

 

["I… I am sorry.” The Rem onscreen hastily wiped away her own tears, speaking
quickly as she apologized. “I said some very odd things. Please forget them. This is the
first time…"]

 

Rem had been a dreadfully insecure sort of girl, in no small part due to her treatment at the
hands of her Clan. She had grown up for the first years of her life convinced that she had no
worth, no value, no purpose, except to live forever in her sister’s shadow. The memory of that
little girl covering behind her big sister made Julius’ heart clench in his chest.

 

“Setanta…” Old Man Rom lamented quietly, mournfully remembering the little twin girls
who had come to greet him that sunny day. “Why did ya have to be such an old fool?”

 

Reinhard tried to imagine what it would feel like to spill his heart and soul like that to
someone who was sitting quietly and listening to him with an open heart. The thought was so
utterly alien that he found that he just couldn't picture it, and so it ended up being as scary a
thought as it was heartbreaking, and as heartbreaking as it was comforting.

 

Rachins averted his eyes. He couldn't help but feel like he was intruding on something he had
no place in, observing this quiet, private moment between two people who had been utter
strangers to him just a little while ago.

 

["This is the first time I have said such strange things to anyo—”]

 

["Hey, Rem."]

 

[Subaru finally spoke up.]



 

All of a sudden, Reinhard found himself holding his breath.

 

[Rem flinched. She lifted her face, ever so slightly. Her eyes were filled with fear — at
what Subaru would say next, after she had bared her very soul.]

 

What was he going to say? What was she going to hear? Going to someone to ask for
forgiveness, and then sitting there to wait as they made their judgement…

 

Even just watching such a thing made Reinhard so very, very anxious.

 

["From everything I've heard from you, you're a pretty big idiot."]

 

[“—Eh?”]

 

Rachins snorted loudly. "That's one way to put it," he said, not caring that Rem was sitting
just a little bit away.

 

"Rachins!" Felt snapped — only for her to stop, once she realized that the Rem sitting by
them had started to laugh. It was true, after all. It was so true that Rem could only laugh in
response.

 

Rem really had been acting like a big idiot. This was due to a number of things, really, the
first of which being her very, very stubborn sort of personality. The awesomeness of her big
sister, the inferiority of herself, the evil of the black-haired foreigner turning the manor
upside-down… Really, she may not have seemed so at first glance, but Garfiel found himself
almost admiring Rem's bullheadedness as the stuff of legends. To get her to change her mind
after she had made it up was a task akin to attempting to move heaven and earth alike — and
that simple truth had extended to her opinions of Ram, of Subaru, and of Rem herself, for
better and worse. …Largely for the worse, perhaps.

 



Thinking of how she had balked at the idea of even attempting to understand Subaru until her
old self’s actions had thrown everything directly into her face, Beatrice privately thought that
this was a trait that was present even within her current state.

 

Such stubbornness was neither good nor bad, to Anastasia. If honed properly, it was the sort
of trait that could lead her to many victories, allowing her the strength to dig in her heels and
push forward where many others would have allowed themselves to be talked away from
what they knew to be the right thing to do. But if it weren’t managed, then it could easily
blind her to opportunities, and changes, and simple truths about the world around her. —It
seemed to have done exactly that, in fact, for as long as Rem had been alive.

 

…Subaru was smiling.

 

That was right. Reinhard felt himself slowly beginning to relax. This was Subaru, so… So, he
would respond to that open heart with an open heart of his own, wouldn't he? That was
simply the kind of person that Subaru was.

 

Subaru really was an amazing person. Reinhard really did believe that.

 

["I can think of three stupid things about you. Can you guess what they are?"]

 

Her onscreen self seemed entirely lost. But in the present moment, knowing what she knew
now, with the perspective the had now, Rem believed that she could.

 

["Can't be helped, then.” Subaru smiled at Rem’s bewildered reaction, and then raised
a finger. “The first stupid thing is…you're going overboard given the fact that I was
actually, you know, saved. You see me waving right before your eyes, right?” Subaru
wiggled his legs. “I have both legs on and everything."]

 

Emilia smiled. "That's true," she said softly. "So long as everyone is oh-kay in the end, that's
what reeally matters."

 



Fretfully panicking about the little details about how things could have maybe gone better
after all had already ended up alright… Just like Subaru, Rem really was so very silly

 

It wasn't really Rem who had saved Subaru, Ferris thought stonily. Rushing off into the
middle of the woods like that had only forced his hand, leading to her beloved sister and the
very boy she had been trying to save ending up on the front lines of a battle they had no
chance of winning. If anything, she had only made the situation far, far worse.

 

No: it was Lady Emilia who had managed to save Subaru before Rem's stupid decisions had
gotten him killed. It was Emilia who had healed him from the brink of death, it was Emilia
who had sent Lord Roswaal into the woods shortly after she recovered from the resulting
mana exhaustion, it was Emilia who had managed to figure out how best to find Subaru in the
nick of time, and it was on Emilia's orders that her servant successfully wiped out the
Wolgarm pack threatening Subaru's life after the boy had finally been felled by exhaustion.
Even though she herself had never managed to enter the forest, it was Lady Emilia who had
saved the day. In fact, if they had just waited for Lady Emilia to wake up, they likely would
have managed to save Subaru without ever risking anything like that at all.

 

(Perhaps someone else could give credit to Rem's intentions, at the very least. But to Ferris,
the fact that such disastrous actions had been well-intended only made him hate Rem all the
more.)

 

["That is…” Rem meekly shook her head. “Justifying after the fact…”]

 

["A wise man once said, 'All's well that ends well,’” Subaru returned. “To be honest, I
think my version's a lot more on target than trying to grade every part along the way.
That leads me to the second stupid thing...” He winked, and raised a second finger.
“Which is you trying to carry everything on your shoulders by yourself."]

 

Mimi stared ahead with dull eyes. Little siblings weren't meant to carry everything on their
shoulders like that. It bothered her greatly, that Rem had somehow never figured that out.

 

—Loving: that was another word that described her. Rem had been the sort of person who
would do absolutely anything for those she cared about. And it wasn't the love of a hearth,
either: rather, Rem's passion for those she considered her own was something more
comparable to a raging wildfire. She would willingly offer up her body, her life, her very soul



in order to save her big sister, and she would do so without even being asked for it. Frederica
wasn’t sure how she felt about that, considering how much Ram had clearly adored her little
sister.

 

Looking in now from an outside perspective, Otto reflected grimly, perhaps Rem’s sacrificial
nature had been rather self-serving, whether it had been her intention or not.

 

Of course, Garfiel understood, there were very few people Rem had loved to such an extent.
Her sister, her Master, her coworker — though, even stretching it beyond Ram was
something that could be debated, really (not that he could blame her). She had loved very
few, but those she loved had been given her heart and her soul alike. —Perhaps that wasn’t
the healthiest thing, but it was honest.

 

…There were very few things about Rem that were honest, Felt knew. It wasn't that she was a
liar, exactly, but Rem hardly ever told the truth about what she wanted, what she felt, what
she was pursuing, why anything she was connected to was the way that it was. It wasn't
purposeful, and Felt doubted that Rem had even been aware of it. But that had just made her
tendency to project her own needs and desires upon the world around her like a blinding coat
of paint all the more destructive, to herself and others alike.

 

["Now, I'm super happy you flew off the handle like that for my sake,” Subaru
admitted. “But everything has a time and a place. To begin with, if you'd talked to other
people about it, we'd probably have come up with a better way."]

 

Anastasia recalled a young girl who had kicked down a door holding back one of the four
Cultists who had destroyed her Clan, and how she had nearly been killed for her impulsive
split-second decision. Frederica recalled a little sister who seemed to only have her mind on
one thing in the time while the two of them wandered the Capital — whether that be getting
her big sister a present, following that stench in a fevered rage, or enacting a bloody revenge
that had already felt long overdue. Garfiel recalled a self-proclaimed rival who had kicked
him around every time she saw him so much as approach her beloved twin. Ricardo and the
triplets all recalled a morningstar thrown in the hallway in the dead of night. Otto recalled a
chase through the woods after an innocent man, his fate already long decided. Ram recalled a
horrible mistake, and three fates sealed as a flick of her own wrist made that reckless decision
utterly unsalvageable. Beatrice recalled a woman who had raced back to fight a horde of
monsters without any help at all, and Emilia recalled how she, her sister, and the boy she
wished to save had all left her behind.

 



[Rem lowered her eyes, as if ashamed of her own impulsiveness.]

 

Yes. For all intents and purposes, Rem truly was a reckless, hasty, impulsive sort of person.
There was no sense in denying that.

 

[Of course, Subaru thought, sticking his tongue out slightly. This criticism is something
that can be said only in hindsight. But she doesn’t seem to realize that at all — or that I’m
sticking my tongue out at her right now.]

 

“That’s not really true,” Crusch muttered. Subaru was being lighthearted and forgiving about
it, but Rem’s impulsiveness was a problem. It had been one with dire consequences, many
times before — for both herself and those around her.

 

In any case, Crusch was glad that Subaru had not taken back his words.

 

It wasn’t JUST recklessness, Ricardo reflected grimly. Whether Subaru wanted to admit it or
not — whether Rem’s old self had wanted to admit it or not — the fact remained that Rem
had cultivated a sadistic streak. She enjoyed getting revenge on those she despised, and when
she despised someone she did so with all her heart. Subaru hadn’t been the first person she
had tortured, after all: her first had been at the tender age of seven. There was a reason she
had chosen such a brutal weapon, and why she was able to wield it so efficiently. Perhaps that
nature was the natural consequence of her being able to love people — her sister — with such
deep, desperate devotion. Perhaps love and hatred were two sides of the same coin.

 

Ricardo wasn’t one to judge a person for something like that. He himself had his fair few
shares of blood spilled, and some of those instances had been sadistic indeed. Cutting off all
of a person's limbs and throwing them in boiling oil had been a favorite, back in Kararagi: he
definitely couldn't judge others for brutality alone after a history of that. But actions like that
couldn't be aimed against innocent people: that sort of torture should only ever be reserved
for those who had truly wronged you in a way that could only be paid back in blood.

 

That was why Rem's actions towards Fogg were justified, Tivey understood. And it was why,
when Subaru had been her target, they were not.

 



Wilhelm still considered Rem a very fickle person. She was a woman who impulsively drew
conclusions and then stubbornly stuck to them for far, far longer than was reasonable. It made
a certain degree of sense why she was like that, but—

 

Even if Subaru insisted that he was over it, Wilhelm wasn't sure he would be able to forgive
the sight of seeing such fickle, impulsive, stubborn aimed the boy's way. Some things were
just far, far too much.

 

["As for the third…” Subaru paused. “You know what it is, Rem?"]

 

Rem had a feeling she knew what it was, yes.

 

["I…do not understand at all.” Rem shook her head. “I am always insufficient; I can
never reach as far as—”]

 

And there it was, wasn’t it?

 

["Yes, that.” Subaru pointed at Rem. “That's the third stupid thing."]

 

In the present moment, Rem smiled.

 

[Subaru raised a third finger. “Ram,” he said. “Just because she's your older sister, you
build her up and put yourself down to where it almost kills you…”]

 

That felt like an understatement, somehow. Hetaro folded his arms. As a big and little brother
both, he felt that he could understand both sides of this situation: how Rem felt, and what
Rem was doing to her poor big sister. —At least someone had managed to finally bring
together the words to tell Ram’s silly little sister how they felt about all this.

 

Even though the chance was slim, even though Rem was a terrible listener, even though this
was something that had plagued the girl for her entire life, Hetaro found herself hoping that



Rem had been able to take Subaru’s words to heart.

 

[“I don't think Ram's always in a stronger position than you, okay? Her stamina's
worse than yours, her cooking's lousy, she slacks off work, she makes snide comments…
I suppose she thinks a little too much, too?"]

 

“…Ra—” Subaru started to say, sounding awkward.

 

“Hush.”

 

Ram cut him off in a tone of voice reminiscent of how she had bantered with him over the
past year. Subaru perked up slightly, but Ram — paused, blinked, and then continued in a
softer sort of manner.

 

“It doesn’t…really matter how you think of me, Subaru,” she said carefully. Subaru wilted
slightly. “As I keep saying, Ram is Ram, regardless of what anyone else may think. And, in
any case, this sort of…bluntness, it seems to be…exactly what my little sister needed to
hear.”

 

Speaking more gently like this with Subaru did not come naturally. But after all that, it was
the least that Ram could do.

 

(Whatever Subaru said — it hurt too much, to pretend that nothing had happened at all.)

 

[Ram's specs are a long way from the pillar of perfection Rem speaks of, Subaru thought.
She’s an older sister with talents behind her younger sister in every area. I’d assumed that
the sisters themselves would be well aware of this. —But, here is Rem…]

 

["N-No...you are wrong.” Rem shook her head. “Nee-sama is truly... If she had her
horn, you would never judge her so—”]

 



["But Ram doesn't have her horn,” Subaru returned. “So I don't know a Ram like
that."]

 

Ram rolled her shoulder. Horn or not, Ram was Ram. If anything, it was a relief to be
surrounded by people who knew her only as herself, as opposed to her as that ridiculous
Reincarnation of an Oni God that those worthless adults back at the village had always
blathered on about.

 

She loved her sister, she really did. But Ram would much prefer it if her sister, too, would see
her as just Ram, her older sister, as opposed to that other flashy title that had meant nothing
of value at all.

 

["The Ram I know is just like I described,” Subaru declared. “She can't hold a candle
to you in cooking, sewing, cleaning, politeness, or the way she talks.”]

 

It was true, Frederica had to admit. In terms of work ethic, Rem outstripped practically every
servant she had ever seen. It was as if she were naturally predisposed to the life of a maid. It
was to the point that, to some extent, Frederica couldn’t help but be a little jealous.

 

Ram also couldn’t hold a candle to Rem in murder, not anymore. Ricardo had to admire the
skill with her morningstar that she had clearly honed to a fine point with years upon years of
practice. The girl would likely make a fine mercenary, if she ever grew bored of her job as a
maid.

 

[“—Well. I don't think that last part is a bad thing, really."]

 

[After all, it’s not bad to butt heads with her over her haughty manner of speaking from
time to time. The distance between Ram and I… It’s more comfortable, as a result.]

 

Julius smiled. That was how Subaru saw the world, wasn’t it? Traditions and manners and
cordial greetings — none of it mattered to him as much as the closeness that developed
between two people who swept all of that aside.

 



It wasn’t something he was allowed to agree with as the Finest of Knights, for whom the
customs of nobility and knighthood were as important to his title as his blood and his sword.
He was also resignedly certain that such an attitude would get Subaru into trouble one of
these days. …But he couldn’t help thinking that it was a very lovely sort of perspective that
Subaru held, all the same.

 

["It's probably only you who's worked up about whether she has a horn or not,”
Subaru said. “Comparing someone else's good points and your own bad points just gets
you bent out of shape."]

 

Those were wise words, Julius had to admit. Subaru really did have his moments, didn’t he?

 

["Whatever she doesn't have, you have,” Subaru said. “So accept it already… You're
gentle, a hard worker, always doing your best…”]

 

Mimi grimaced. She couldn’t help thinking that Subaru was missing some important details,
with that description.

 

Anastasia rubbed her attendant’s head. “Ya have to take the good with the bad, Mimi,” she
murmured gently. “If ya don’t recognize a person’s good points, ya can’t understand how to
bring out their full potential.”

 

“Mimi thinks you have to take the bad with the good, too,” Mimi replied grimly, even as she
leaned into her Lady’s side. “If you don’t, you’ll only end up getting yourself hurt.”

 

[“And your breasts are bigger than Ram's, too.”]

 

Ram choked.

 

“Subaru!” Frederica snapped.

 



[“—!”]

 

Ricardo started cackling. “Of all the things to say—!”

 

Julius pinched the bridge of his nose, exhaling slowly.

 

“Boys,” Anastasia muttered. Tivey and Hetaro both squawked, offended, while their sister
threw back her head and laughed.

 

[“Ow!” Subaru cried out. “Hey, don't smack me with tears in your eyes like that!"]

 

“Deserved,” Beatrice snapped, arms crossed. “Of all the things for you to say…!”

 

Rem’s eyes drifted down to her own chest, her face more thoughtful than surprised or
offended. So she hadn’t imagined it, then…

 

[When I spoke with Ram about this in the forest, she didn’t seem particularly hung up on
what she had lost as an Oni, Subaru remembered. Really, it sounded like she wanted Rem
to get over it, too. —I’m not arrogant enough to think this is a problem I’m capable of
fixing: in the end, I’m just a mouthy young man lacking the length or depth of life
experience to handle the job. A lecture from someone like me wouldn’t get me anywhere.]

 

Garfiel snorted loudly enough to make Otto startle next to him. “My amazing self thinks yer
selling herself short, there, Captain,” he declared.

 

[And in any case, in the end, you don’t get the answer to questions like that from someone
else: you have to just roll up your sleeves and do it yourself.]

 

Anastasia nodded, smiling serenely. Felt huffed, a proud glint flashing through her eyes. That
sure was the truth, wasn’t it?



 

Other people could help you get there, of course. But at the end of the rod, nobody could take
that final step in your place. If you wanted something you’d have to reach out and take it for
yourself.

 

[So… I’ll just be honest, and tell Rem what I really think.]

 

Crusch nodded approvingly, smiling softly. Everyone shined their brightest when they were
open and honest with those around them, she really did believe that. —And that was
especially true for Subaru, whose true feelings and intentions were nothing if not empathetic
and kind.

 

["If it wasn't for you,” Subaru said honestly, “I'd be dead and dog food right now. I'm
safe and sound because you were there. I'm alive now thanks to you. That's your doing,
not your sister's."]

 

["…Truly, Nee-sama could have done it better."]

 

["Maybe she could have,” Subaru said. He was still holding Rem’s hand.“But you were
the one there for me."]

 

—Felt broke into a smile. That, right there, was what cut true to the heart of the matter.

 

It didn’t matter what could have been, or what should have been, or what destiny foretold, or
any of that crap. All that mattered was what was. And when it had really counted, Rem had
been there trying her best to pull Subaru away from the brink of death.

 

(That was the plain and simple truth of the matter — in this timeline, at least.)

 

[Rem sucked in a breath, finally lifting her gaze to look him full in the face.]

 



And that look in her little sister’s eyes…

 

Ram couldn’t help but feel the overwhelming urge to thank Subaru with all her heart and
soul, for reigniting that little light in those eyes that had been sniffed out for far, far too long.

 

["I'm glad you were there for me, Rem,” Subaru said, blushing from the force of his
gratitude. “Thank you."]

 

Beatrice found herself scowling. Sure, Rem had been there for him this time, but…

 

It wasn’t just that Rem hadn’t been there for him before. It was that, instead of simply
remaining passive, she had—

 

“Beako.”

 

Subaru was watching her. Beatrice took a deep, shuddering breath, and then exhaled slowly.
Then she turned to her contractor with a smile on her face, silently pleading for him not to
worry.

 

[A choked sob escaped Rem's throat at his words, and then she turned her face aside.
"I…” she croaked. “I have always been a substitute for Nee-sama…”]

 

She had done that to herself, Emilia reflected sadly. Nobody had asked her to make that
promise, by the graves of the silly adults who had long left them all behind. Certainly not her
older sister, who had only ever wanted Rem to be herself.

 

Emilia had always valued promises dearly. But nobody had asked Rem to promise such a
silly thing, and it was clearly hurting her. So, maybe just this once...

 

(It went against everything she believed as a spirit mage, as her mother's daughter, as Emilia.
But she really did want Rem to be happy. So, perhaps she could find it in herself not to mind



so much if Subaru's bad habit rubbed off on her. Just this once.)

 

["Stop defining yourself with lonely words like that, alright?” Subaru scolded. “You
and Ram are different genres. I mean, she's the older sister and you're the younger
sister. Sometimes you’re gonna clash.”]

 

There will always be differences between you two, he was saying. Each of you have your
unique good points, he was saying. The present Rem heard and understood these words loud
and clear — but seeing her old self squeeze her eyes shut at Subaru’s words of
encouragement, it was all she could do to pray that the boy’s words had landed properly
somewhere in her heart.

 

“Oh, Rem,” Ram murmured softly, grieving a sister she wasn’t allowed to remember within
her own mind. “You hopelessly stubborn girl.”

 

["Well,” Subaru admitted. “I haven't really asked why she lost her horn, and since I
didn't ask I don't know. I don't know, so I don't want to talk like I do know, so..."]

 

[Subaru put his left hand on the upper part of his own forehead — patting it right
where Rem's horn grew out of hers.]

 

["Ram doesn't have her horn, and you have yours,“ he said simply. “So, you can just do
whatever she would need a horn for. You can just be two Oni getting along great.
There's nothing stronger than love between beautiful sisters, right?"]

 

The love between siblings was truly one of a kind. Mimi folded her arms, proud beyond
words. Her adoration for her cute little brothers — their adoration for their wonderful big
sister — it was something that could never be compared to anything else. They were three
parts of a whole. That was what it meant to be triplets — and thus, being two halves of a
whole was what it meant to be twins.

 

It was ironic, that the twinless Subaru had seemed to understand that before the younger
sister; the younger sister who had tried to dedicate her entire self to her elder twin, as
opposed to only half.



 

["…Ah…”]

 

["So I mean, you said you were a substitute, but Ram has no substitute for you, does
she?” Subaru shrugged. “I mean, if you weren't there for her, can you imagine the state
she'd be in?"]

 

Rem had been so very, very insecure. So insecure she had been, that it seemed that she had
never fully understood just how much she had really, truly meant to her beloved older sister.
With the memory of Ram’s heartbroken wailing now echoing through her mind, the idea that
she somehow hadn’t realized it somehow seemed even more ridiculously ludicrous than it
had before.

 

“I’d miss you,” Ram murmured out loud, though it was unnecessary: this version of Rem had
already long figured it out. “I love you so much, Rem. I really, really…”

 

“I know, Onee-chan.” Rem felt her voice begin to choke up, even as she reached out to take
her sister’s hand. “I know.”

 

(…She wished that her old self was in her place, so that Ram could finally make her little
sister listen to the words she needed to hear from her the most. But Rem could only ever be
herself.)

 

["…But…”]

 

["I get it,” Subaru said gently. “So, how about we do this? You have an idealized Ram
inside you that you can never compare to no matter what you do. Let's take that ideal
Ram you have on a pedestal and send her packing."]

 

Yes, please. Ram almost wanted to beg for it out loud, in exactly the way she never did.
Please, Rem, send that Reincarnation of an Oni God packing. I never even wanted that
worthless title. Please, just let me be your big sister, and nothing else…!



 

Rem’s eyes were sad, as she gazed upon the anguished desperation spreading across her older
sister’s face. “Onee-chan…” she murmured.

 

Ram suddenly turned to embrace her with all her strength, making her little sister squeak in
surprise.

 

“O-Onee-chan??” Rem asked, sounding startled and a little scared.

 

“…’Onee-chan’ is the only title I want,” Ram finally said.

 

It was to the wrong version of her sister, perhaps, and that simple truth made her want to cry.
This Rem had never doubted that, after all: she had never been pushed into doubting it by
those worthless adults, or lived a childhood that convinced her that she were second best, or
lived an adolescence of atonement for a sin that had never even been her sin to atone for. That
Rem had been quite literally lost to memory, and thus lost to time.

 

But whether it was this Rem or that, wherever it was this timeline or that, whether it was the
past or the present version of her precious little sister — in Ram’s eyes, Rem would always
be Rem. And so, the words she spoke were as honest and true as they always would be,
regardless of who was there to hear them said out loud.

 

“I’m your big sister, Rem,” Ram croaked. “I never once cared about anything else, because in
my eyes, everything else has always paled in comparison to you. …Please, for your big
sister’s sake, never doubt that.”

 

[“That is…easier said than done,” Rem admitted. “I have always compared myself to
—”]

 

Rem hesitated for one second more, and then — finally — she embraced her sister back.

 



“I know, Onee-chan,” she murmured. As ridiculous as it may have been, she found herself
having to fight back tears of her own. “I know.”

 

["That's why I want you to listen to how I rate her,” Subaru replied. “My rating's based
on reality, not the ideal. Just so you know…I don't have any talent for reading the mood
at all, so I just call 'em like I see 'em, no flattery or mercy.” He smiled at her, reaching
out to stroke her hair. She only narrowed her eyes in response. “What you see is what
you get."]

 

Ram had never told him this outright, but she truly believed that such frankness was one of
Subaru’s most admirable and valuable traits. She had not been lying, in that forgotten night
studying in his room, when she had told him that she believed her own honesty was one of
her own greatest characteristics. But she had never told Subaru that she considered that
shared skill one of HIS greatest characteristics as well.

 

…How many things had she assumed he would understand on his own, and thus refused to
tell him outright? Ram had the feeling that, if she were to add it all up, the sun of it all would
be dizzyingly large.

 

[“Where I come from, they say: ‘Demons laugh when you talk about the future,’” Subaru
said. He was still caressing her head gently. Rem said nothing, merely tilting her head a
bit as she listened. “So…”]

 

It was a rather mean saying, in context. “Demons laugh when you talk about the future”
because demons embody misfortune and plans gone wrong. Their laughter was the
unpleasant, sadistic sort: not the friendly kind that came between two people who cared for
one another. Subaru did understand that.

 

But there was no reason he had to adhere to that dreary outlook where the Oni sisters were
concerned. He loved them both so very much, after all: he had from the very start, and he was
certain that they both loved him back by now, in their own sorts of ways.

 

["Laugh, Rem,” Subaru said, caressing her head with a smile on his face. “Don't make a
glum face. Laugh. Let's laugh and talk about the future. Let's make up for all that
living in the past you've been doing and talk about what's to come. I mean, even if we
start with tomorrow."]



 

[“…Tomorrow?"]

 

["Yes, tomorrow. Anything's good, all right? Like, whether it'll be Japanese or Western
food for breakfast tomorrow, or even if you're going to put on your right shoe or your
left shoe first.”]

 

“Japanese.” “Western.” Anastasia didn’t understand every term that Subaru said, but she
knew better than to ask right now: after all, there was always tomorrow.

 

[“It doesn't matter how trivial, there'll be a tomorrow, so we can talk about it.” Subaru
spread his arms. “How about it?"]

 

Ricardo chucked. What a simple declaration that was. But that was why it was such a
powerful thing for Rem to hear, wasn’t it?

 

Reinhard felt something odd welling up in his chest. Trivial plans for a trivial tomorrow…
Could anything possibly be more wonderful than that?

 

[Rem hesitated, and then began to reply in an uncertain voice. "I am…very weak…”
she admitted. “So I will most likely lean on you a great deal."]

 

["What's wrong with that?” Subaru returned. “I'm weak, too. I'm not very smart, I'm
not good-looking, and I can't read the mood, which gets me down even when I'm the
one saying it, but I still get by because the people around me help me. We just have to
lean on one another and move forward."]

 

Julius hesitated for a moment, and then resigned himself to a smile. “I believe that’s a lovely
sentiment,” he murmured. Nearby, Hetaro had a similar look on his face.

 



(Tivey and Mimi had much less cheerful glints in their eyes. The sentiment was nice enough
on its own, sure — but with the speaker being Subaru, why did the recipient of those words
have to be…!)

 

[Rem’s been unable to see a path for her to walk because she insists on putting anything
and everything onto her own shoulders, Subaru thought. The least I can do is offer my
two empty hands and make the walk forward that much easier.]

 

The least he could do, he says. Rachins held back a groan, but he couldn’t stop himself from
burying his face in his hands.

 

He didn’t hate Rem. He didn’t even particularly dislike her, not anymore. But the idea that
Subaru owed her anything, after everything he had experienced at her hand…!

 

“It wasn’t her, Rachins,” Felt muttered.

 

Rachins paused. “…Eh?”

 

“It wasn’t her.” Felt rested her cheek against her hand. “This Rem — doesn’t remember any
of that.”

 

“…Subaru does.”

 

Felt exhaled slowly. “Yeah,” she agreed. “He does.”

 

—That complicated matter aside, Felt did have to agree with Rachins about one thing: the
idea that Subaru owed Rem anything was utterly ridiculous. He had saved her so many times
already, and Rem could actually remember most of them this time around. In turn, this
current Rem had nearly gotten him killed several times over, even — especially — when she
had been trying to help. If they were talking about who owed who what, then it really wasn’t
a contest who had done more for who, not even close.



 

…But then again, Subaru did love to go around helping others for his own sake, didn’t he?
“One good deed a day” and all that. What an idiot.

 

[Even so, I’ve just been extra baggage myself more than once...but if you can’t see ahead
by yourself, you just need someone to share the burden with as you moved forward. —
That's how I feel, anyway.]

 

It took Anastasia a moment to realize that she was envious.

 

But how could she not be? Subaru understood intimately the very thing she had needed to
spend half her life learning from the ground up. It was just not fair. So unfair it was,
Anastasia had to fight back a bout of hysterical laughter at the thought.

 

Ricardo chuckled, shaking his head. “Ana-bo,” he murmured affectionately. “…Ya figured it
out eventually, didn’t ya?”

 

For once, Anastasia didn’t chide him for that old nickname of hers. She was too busy fighting
down laughter at the ridiculousness of it all. Rem, Subaru, Ricardo, herself — each and every
one of them was just ridiculous.

 

["So let's laugh, hug each other, and talk about tomorrow,” Subaru declared. “I've
always dreamed of laughing with an Oni about the future, anyway."]

 

There was a certain mischievous twinkle in Subaru’s eyes. Emilia almost always had to fight
back a laugh when she saw that look, as if part of her couldn’t help giggling at a joke she
didn’t even understand.

 

—For some reason, she wasn’t laughing now. Perhaps all of this was still too complicated for
her to find any of it truly amusing. Emilia couldn’t help but feel a little sad about that.

 



[And then, Rem broke into a tearful, wonderful, beautiful smile. “You truly are
fanatical like an Oni."]

 

The sight of that smile — that pure, genuine, real smile, that smile akin to the sound of
broken chains finally clattering to the ground — it was enough to make the entire theater
momentarily forget to breathe.

 

[Subaru closed one eye and gave Rem a lopsided smile. "You bet."]

 

[And with that, Rem began to laugh. She laughed, and as she laughed, tears pouring out
of the corners of her eyes. Rem laughed, Rem cried, Rem buried her face in a pillow to
suppress her laughing, sobbing voice. Her mirthful, tearful voice quietly filled the
room.]

 

[Subaru gently caressed Rem's hair the whole while, his right hand grasping hers.
Softly, softly, he stroked her hair.]

 

It was a beautiful scene. Nobody there could deny that. But beauty alone wasn’t always
enough.

 

Rem was loving, and she was hardworking, and she was kind. But she was also vindictive,
and she was volatile, and she was cruel. She was fickle and hard to predict, but she was also
the kind of person who would throw herself completely and utterly into whatever she
believed needed to be done. She was headstrong and determined and willing to get her hands
dirty at a moment's notice, but she was also so stubborn that she'd often get one idea in her
head and refuse to consider any other option even when it was staring her in the face. She
was quick on her feet, and she was impulsive to a fault. She had many admirable traits, and
she had many traits that could be — that had been — a truly disastrous sort of problem, for
herself and others alike. 

 

Rem was not an easy person to make sense of. She was an incredible ally, and she was a
dangerous enemy. Whether she was one or the other could be difficult to predict, difficult to
manage, difficult to understand. She was many different things, many contradictory things,
and she was all of them at once. —Just what were any of them supposed to think of a girl like
this?



 

"—You get it now, right?"

 

Subaru's voice broke through the silence of the theater, echoing over Rem's tearful laughter.
He had a determined, anxious look on his face.

 

"You get it, right?" he insisted strongly. "Rem is…"

 

Subaru was clearly ready for a fight. But nobody else knew what they wanted to argue, or
which side they wanted to take, and so the invitation remained outstretched in silence for a
long, long time, until Rem's wonderful, terrible laughter faded from the meteor.

 

They would just have to draw their own conclusions. Such was life…

 

["—It's not that I'm upset,” Emilia was saying, later that morning. “No, I'm not upset.
All that happened was the patient I'd been nursing was gone when I woke up, and when
I was going to go looking for him, I found out I'd been tied to the chair and left behind.
No, I'm not upset about that at all. I'm…not upset…so…”]

 

Anastasia choked.

 

“Tied to a chair—?!” Crusch exclaimed.

 

Felt started cackling.

 

Emilia didn’t smile. She remembered how angry she had been back then, but she had thought
she had gotten over it since. —But recent revelations had seemingly kicked up her anger all
over again, to the point where she couldn’t help feeling like the version of herself in the
meteor was severely underreacting.

 



["Yes, Emilia-tan,” Subaru said meekly, sweat beading on his brow as they passed the
ten minute mark of her morning lecture, which had begun after Emilia’s relief at his
better condition had been taken care of. “You're right to be upset with me. I'm very
sorry."]

 

—He meant it, too. Emilia could tell that he meant every word.

 

So… Why hadn’t he taken it to heart then and there?

 

["Sheesh, I said I wasn't upset. But since you apparently feel guilty I have no choice…”
Emilia smiled. “I will accept your apology, Subaru. Really, don't make me worry like
that."]

 

It wouldn’t be the last time, Ram thought grimly. From across the room, she observed her
Lady’s pained expression. Really, Subaru would never stop making Lady Emilia worry,
would he…?

 

[It’s not even remotely fair, Subaru thought, looking at her broad smile. How can she say
things like that and make that kind of face at the same time?]

 

Ram couldn’t imagine what Emilia was feeling, having learned just how bad of a time Subaru
had gone through right under her nose. She had already been so devastated, back when she
left Subaru in the Capital for his own good. What must she be feeling now?

 

["I have to say, Subaru, you sure get hurt a lot,” Emilia admitted. “And the reason you
got hurt was that you came to the mansion, too… I mean, it’s only been four days.”]

 

Emilia felt a fresh stab of pain. She swallowed, her breathing suddenly labored.

 

That was right. Subaru — had only ever really gotten hurt because of his involvement with
her, hadn’t he?



 

“Emilia-tan…?” Subaru asked tentatively.

 

["Hey, it's not like I want all these injuries. I guess you could say the world kind of has
it out for me… So, if I can at least have Emilia-tan fawning over me, it's all good!"]

 

Emilia took a deep breath. Exhaled slowly.

 

“We…” She faltered. “We will need to talk,” she finally murmured. “Later. …Oh-kay?”

 

Subaru nodded. “Okay, Emilia-tan,” he said softly. “We’ll talk all about it. Later.”

 

[“I fawned over you plenty and you just ran off,” Emilia retorted crossly. “You can fend
for yourself next time.”]

 

Emilia’s upper lip quivered. He had already been fending for himself all this time, hadn’t he?

 

["Nuaaa!” Subaru cried. “I let my chance slip away! Damn it, if only Beako had done a
bit of a better job!"]

 

Just— Just what was it that Emilia was supposed to do?

 

—She didn’t have to figure it out alone. Subaru was her knight, after all. So…they’d figure it
out. Together.

 

[Though really, I haven’t seen a single trace of her since my recovery…]

 

Beatrice grimaced. If only she had done a bit of a worse job… That was really the wish here.



 

["I told you,” Emilia pouted. “When I woke up after falling asleep in the chair I was
tied up in it. I was flabbergasted."]

 

["No one uses flabbergasted anymore..."]

 

“It really is quite the way to respond to someone who went out of their way to save you,”
Crusch said disapprovingly. “Working all night and exhausting her mana to heal you, only to
wake up tied to a chair as you ran off into the woods again…”

 

Ferris sneered, even more outraged than his Lady at the thought. If that had happened to him,
the perpetrator never would have heard the end of it.

 

["Don't make light of it…” Emilia pressed her lips together. “Puck tried to keep me
from going after both of you, too. I don't know what would have happened if Roswaal
hadn't come back. Understand?"]

 

Felt’s giggles subsided. Her smile didn’t fade, but as the absurdity of the image of Emilia
being tied to a chair faded, a more serious sort of look spread over her face in its place.
Really, Emilia was the one Subaru trusted, loved, looked up to more than anyone else. That
was who she was to him, wasn’t she?

 

To leave he tied to a chair after all she had done for him…

 

Crusch had never smiled at all: the look on her face had remained serious from start to end.
What a disrespectful way for a Lady’s vassals to treat her, and when she had done nothing but
try to help them. She didn’t know if she would be able to forgive such a thing, herself…

 

For the first time, she realized that she was genuinely somewhat angry with the Subaru
onscreen.

 



Anastasia crossed her arms. So — that was how Lady Emilia’s vassals saw her, was it? As a
figurehead, a nuisance, a person who had to be held back while everyone else did the work in
her stead.

 

It was a Lady’s duty to make her servants trust her. If Emilia had failed in that task, then she
had only herself to blame.

 

[Having both Puck and Beatrice impeding Emilia must have been pretty hard on her
mental state, Subaru thought, wilting with shame in front of her tight-lipped anger. This
is exactly how I’d feel if it’d been me left behind like that.]

 

Julius folded his arms, unconsciously mirroring his Lady, just managing to bite his tongue.
This was a Subaru a full year younger than his current friend, after all, and Subaru seemed to
have long learned the error of his ways. Judging him for this wouldn’t be fair.

 

But still… Julius fundamentally could not approve of this.

 

Reinhard pressed his lips together. He would do everything he could to keep Lady Felt safe,
he knew that. …But to take the lead in his Lady’s stead was unacceptable, for a knight.

 

Ferris stared at the meteor with stony eyes, and hated Subaru with all his heart for a long,
long, silent moment.

 

[Even so, if I had to do it all over again — no doubt I’d have left Emilia behind once
more.]

 

“I wouldn’t,” Subaru said hastily. “I— Emilia, I know better now. I was being a total idiot
back then, I…”

 

Emilia swallowed. “Later,” she promised. She tried to smile at him, but she didn’t think she
was doing it right. “We’ll— We can talk about it all later, oh-kay?”



 

["You've saved me again, though."]

 

[Subaru blinked. "Eh?"]

 

["I said, you've saved me again, even though the whole point of bringing you to the
mansion was to thank you for saving me before.” Emilia put her hands together, her
face breaking into a radiant smile. “Thank you very much."]

 

Wilhelm smiled. Well, there was Subaru’s great weakness, right there. The smile of a
beautiful woman truly was a terrifying thing.

 

Ricardo chuckled. “Ah, ya little scamp…”

 

He got it. He couldn’t say he approved, but…he understood why Subaru had been so
desperate to keep her out of the line of danger, he thought.

 

Mimi’s arms were crossed, much like her Lady and her Lady’s knight. Her brothers had
similarly serious looks on their faces. Subaru’s personal feelings aside, to trample over his
Lady’s wishes like that…

 

It wasn’t right. They served their Lady in order to further her wishes, not to stifle them for
their own ends.

 

“Dumbass,” Rachins muttered. “She could’ve helped you, you moron.”

 

Old Man Rom sighed. Young men could truly be some of the most foolish creatures around.

 

[Ah, Subaru thought weakly, enamored by the full force of that smile. Something finally
just went plunk inside my chest.]



 

“Ahh?” Ricardo grinned.

 

["Err, that's fine, really!” Subaru said hastily. “I just did it because I wanted to, and it’s
not like this has nothing to do with me, either…”]

 

That was the only reason Subaru did anything, wasn’t it? Because he wanted to.

 

Rem pressed her lips together, unsure whether to smile or fight back tears. All Subaru ever
wanted to do was help the people around them, and for them to like him in turn. That outlook
really did feel so very young…!

 

[“Yeah, that’s right.” Subaru slowly realized it. “I…did it.”]

 

Otto exhaled slowly. “Yeah,” he muttered. “You did it.”

 

He had done it. He was going to be alright, now. So…

 

Why didn’t it feel like a victory, to Otto?

 

—Garfiel, meanwhile, had broken into a wide smile, filled with none of the trepidations of
his merchant friend. “That’s my Captain for ya!” he cheered, pumping a fist. “Ya did it, ya
really did!”

 

[I did it, Subaru thought, somewhat dazed. That’s what just went plunk, isn’t it? After
twenty-something days… I really made it to the end. After having my heart broken and
crushed so many times, my hand…finally reached it…]

 

Ricardo’s teasing grin softened into something a little bitter.



 

Reinhard felt a smile spread across his face. Subaru had done it. Finally, after all that effort,
Subaru had finally—!

 

Twenty-something days…! Emilia swallowed back a wail of despair. Nearly a full month,
and she had never even—!

 

“It’s over,” Beatrice murmured. Her voice was relieved, but it was filled with something
somber, too. “It’s finally over, in fact.”

 

…He really had done it, hadn’t he?

 

Ferris blinked slowly, finally feeling the truth dawn across his mind like the morning sun.
Subaru-kun had done it, hadn’t he? He’d finally, finally…!

 

["That's what you say,“ Emilia was saying. “But that won't put my conscience at ease.
I'm sure Ram, Rem, and Roswaal are all grateful to you, too."]

 

["That so...? All right, let me take advantage and have my contract with Ros-chu
amended so that Ram and Rem are my personal maids for a while.” Subaru put his
hand over his mouth as he made a lewd laugh. “Muah-ha-ha…”]

 

“You really do go out of your way to make as awful a first impression as you possibly can,
don’t you, Subaru-sama?” Frederica said, her voice cross and her hands on her hips. Across
the room, Rem and Ram rolled their eyes in unison.

 

Anastasia chuckled, glancing at Julius. She had one of those troublesome types herself.
Though, perhaps the details of those disastrous first meetings were a little bit different.

 

[“And then!" Subaru abruptly thrusted a finger towards Emilia, making her recoil ever
so slightly. "Am I going to get an Emilia-tan reward, too?"]



 

Ricardo broke out laughing. “Of course that’s what yer really after!” he crowed. “A special
reward from yer special crush, ain’t that just the sweetest—!”

 

“Oh, like you’d do any different!” Subaru stuck out his tongue, trying to ignore his burning
face.

 

“What else could nya expect from a little puppy like him?” a voice piped up. “Chasing after
his precious Emilia-tan like this is to be expected, hm…?”

 

Subaru and Ricardo both paused.

 

“But at the same time,” Ferris teased, a familiar twinkle having finally returned to his eyes.
“Nyer such a handful, whatever could a Lady do with all that energy? It really is far, far too
much~”

 

It was clumsy, and really not all that witty or cutting a jab at all. But Subaru was so delighted
by Ferris’ return to normal that, for just a moment, he forgot to be embarrassed, a wide smile
breaking out across his face.

 

["Goodness, if I can afford it. If it is within my power, then…” Emilia paused. “Wait,
last time, you asked me for my name."]

 

Felt snorted at the reminder. “Idiot,” she muttered, shaking her head. Next to her, Rom
chuckled. “But…I guess it kind of works for you, maybe.”

 

["Heh-heh. Do not underestimate my greed,” Subaru declared, striking a pose. “This
time I am a man unaffected by anything so weak. I am aroused by greed and avarice
and a vortex of libido!"]

 



“Hmm…?” Anastasia raised an eyebrow, amused. She had a feeling that Subaru’s idea of
greed was really rather cute.

 

“You really do like putting your worst foot forward first, don’t you?” Crusch muttered. “It’s
like you try to give everyone the worst possible impression of you…”

 

Wilhelm hid his laughter behind his fist, eyes twinkling with mirth. The need of a boy to puff
himself up as a man could be a very silly thing, indeed — especially in the eyes of a woman.

 

[Emilia sat down and waited.]

 

The corners Emilia’s lips finally curled upwards at her expectant posture. She remembered
this.

 

She had been hesitant, for just a moment, at his eager expression — but then she had
remembered who it was she was talking to, and the kinds of rewards he wished for most of
all. It was aggravating, maybe, and more than a little worrying, but there was also something
about that nature of his that would always make her smile.

 

And more than anything, she had known by then that Subaru was a very, very good boy.

 

[Right, time to scroll through my ‘Emilia Reward List’! Subaru thought excitedly. From
the bittersweet to nighttime adventures, there are so many options…!]

 

“Ah—” Subaru’s face turned scarlet once again. “Ah…”

 

Emilia giggled slightly. The sight of her being amused rather than disgusted by that thought
reassured him greatly. “You’ve always been so silly, Subaru,” she smiled. “If you’d like to go
for a nighttime walk with me sometime, all you need to do is ask.”

 

Subaru’s face somehow grew even redder, and he buried it in his knees.



 

Ferris huffed, shaking his head with a twinkle in his eyes. “Boys.”

 

Frederica just sighed. With anyone else she may have been concerned by that line of thought,
but she already knew that Subaru was far too kind and considerate of a boy to ever truly take
advantage of Emilia like that.

 

So, what was it that he was going to ask for as his reward?

 

[—But really, I already know what I want, don’t I?]

 

[“Alright, Emilia-tan,“ Subaru declared. “Let’s go out on a date."]

 

[I’ll redo the promise I made with her so many days before.]

 

“Of course,” Reinhard chuckled. What else could it have been?

 

Felt sighed. Saps.

 

Garfiel felt something painful in his chest. It’s not like he wasn’t happy that Captain had
finally managed to get his date with his Lady, but…

 

“It really took an awful lot to get here, didn’t it?” Otto murmured.

 

Frederica exhaled slowly. “…He got there eventually,” she decided. “So maybe we can just
be happy that he managed it at all.”

 

It wasn’t a very satisfying answer. But it was an answer, perhaps.



 

["'Date'…?” Emilia repeated.]

 

["It means we head out together, see the same things, eat the same food, share the same
memories together.”]

 

In a romantic light, of course, Anastasia thought with amusement. It wasn’t hard to read
between the lines, with this one.

 

Though it appeared that Lady Emilia had yet to figure that out.

 

["…You're fine with that?"]

 

Emilia’s smile grew. Oh, how her old self had been utterly unprepared for how beyond fine
Subaru would be with sitting right by her side.

 

["I'm fine with that." Subaru puffed out his chest. “I want to brag about you to the
brats in the village, Emilia-tan. Plus, the flower bed's just awesome. To me, it'd be
special just to have a casual stroll there together."]

 

["I think your definition of greed is a bit different than for most people."]

 

As a very greedy person herself — the type of greedy that would reach and reach until she
was chasing the throne of an entire country, even then understanding that it STILL might not
be enough to sate her ravenous appetite for more — Anastasia couldn’t help but agree.
Though she didn’t mind all that much: this idea of greed was truly quite adorable to watch.

 

["Don't say that. My shamelessness will freeze that cute smile on your face yet.” Subaru
gave a thumbs-up and a wink. “Oh yeah!"]

 



Anastasia giggled. “How incredibly scandalous indeed,” she teased. “Wanting to spend the
day with the girl you like… My, my, will this one’s greed ever end?”

 

“Boys are so easy,” Mimi laughed, fully in agreement with her Lady. Her little brothers
squawked in unison.

 

[Emilia huffed, but she couldn’t keep herself from smiling. “Yes, all right already, I'll go
on a 'date' with you."]

 

["Yessss!” Subaru clapped his hands together, hopping around excitedly. “And that's
why E M F (Emilia-tan's Majorly a Fairy)!!"]

 

Julius choked. “Why would you call her that?!” he demanded.

 

“It was meant as a compliment!” Subaru threw up his hands. “How was I supposed to know
you people saw fairies as mad spirits?! I didn’t know!”

 

“And just what else could we be referring to, Subaru?!”

 

[Nearby, Emilia just sighed at his enthusiasm.]

 

Ferris cackled. Crusch sighed. Really, those eccentricities of his were going to get him in
trouble one of these days.

 

Wilhelm only chuckled, shaking his head. Subaru’s heart was better than those of most boys
his age. Whatever other roughness he might deal with now and then, that was what mattered
the most.

 

[Glancing out the window, Subaru abruptly thought of the mabeasts in the forest. His
smile faded somewhat.]



 

“Hm?” Felt raised an eyebrow. She tried to disguise her worry at the look in his eyes.
“What’s wrong now?”

 

[This time, matters ended with one species wiping out the other, Subaru reflected. That…
leaves a bitter aftertaste in my mouth. I don’t really understand that taste, but…]

 

The entire theater seemed to sober up.

 

“…Oh,” Felt said quietly.

 

Of course. This was Subaru they were talking about. Those mabeasts had tried to kill him,
sure, but he would always…

 

“Oh,” Julius breathed, torn between the oddly contradictory emotions of warm admiration
and a deep, painful sense of pity. “Oh, Subaru…”

 

Reinhard smiled. That tenderness was one of Subaru’s most admirable traits, he really did
believe that.

 

Frederica’s eyes softened. That was just Subaru’s nature, wasn’t it?

 

Rachins curled his lip, his heart squeezing painfully in his chest. Idiot. Those monsters would
have slaughtered him — HAD slaughtered him, TWICE — and he still mourned their being
put down? Subaru really was a total moron.

 

[The sensation of taking a life — of that sword thrusting into that dog’s body… It lingers
on my hands. …Will I forget that sensation someday?]

 

Old Man Rom cringed.



 

Ricardo let out a long, slow breath. “You really are a little boy,” the mercenary murmured.
“Aren’t ya, Subaru?”

 

It was tender, to realize that this was someone so compassionate that he would mourn the loss
of even a mindless beast that had wanted nothing more than to tear him to pieces. There was
something admirable about that, but it also made his blood run cold.

 

“Stupid,” Mimi said, her voice stony and cold. “You can’t mourn monsters, you stupid little
boy. Your heart will get ripped to shreds if you give it to things that won’t even bother to
hope to be saved.”

 

Hetaro turned away from the meteor. “…I kind of like that he can mourn even a mabeast,” he
admitted. “Compassion like that… You don’t see it every day.”

 

“You don’t see it every day because people with natures like that die young,” Tivey said
darkly. “You better hope he learns to give that up fast: it won’t end well for him if he
doesn’t.”

 

(Who was Tivey kidding? He already knew Subaru would never be able to change that part of
himself. It made him want to punch something.)

 

Anastasia just sighed. All three of the triplets were correct, really. …It all depended on how
Subaru’s seemingly endless compassion was applied, she supposed.

 

Wilhelm — didn’t get it. He stared at the meteor, uncomprehending. What was Subaru trying
to say, here? He wanted to understand, he really did, but…

 

(It wasn’t the first time that Subaru had reminded him of his late wife. But it was perhaps one
of the times where that resemblance had been the most painful, tying his insides into knots.)

 



It made Ferris’ stomach twist to hear Subaru’s lamentations: it felt like he was listening to his
own voice, and he hated it. He turned away from the meteo, shivering ever so slightly.

 

[Surely the passage of time will make the ache in his chest subside, Subaru thought. But
until that day comes, what can I do…?]

 

Garfiel had never really seen Captain as a softie.

 

He had known about his empathetic nature, sure, been very grateful for his ability to forgive,
yes, and he had always admired Captain’s seemingly boundless kindness, absolutely. But
“softie” had never really been a word he’d use to refer to him before, when he had seen
Captain as a man capable of moving mountains with little more than a few bruises left
behind.

 

But now…

 

“It’s kind of incredible, though,” he murmured aloud.

 

Otto blinked. “Garfiel?” he asked.

 

Garfiel shook his head. It was incredible that Subaru had managed to remain a softie after
going through all that, but that didn’t mean he had to say something like that out loud. He
doubted anyone else would understand what he really meant by it, after all.

 

Rem stared up at the meteor with a sad look on her face. “Oh, Subaru…” she murmured.

 

Whether it be Onis, or mabeasts, or anything else… Really, she didn’t think she could
imagine anyone more compassionate than this boy. And it terrified her, because it was due to
that kind nature exactly that she didn’t think she could imagine anyone easier to take
advantage of.

 



Ram’s eyes were dull. She didn’t say a word.

 

“It’s kind of embarrassing,” Subaru laughed, rubbing the back of his neck. “I know it’s
ridiculous, but…”

 

“It’s alright,” Beatrice said quietly. Something about her voice made him grow still. “I get it.”

 

["Subaru."]

 

[Emilia’s voice interrupted his thoughts.]

 

[Subaru looked back at her. "Yeah?"]

 

Emilia remembered this. She had been worried, at the look on his face. She had guessed what
he was thinking — and correctly, it seemed — but she hadn’t quite known how to respond.
Not off the top of her head.

 

[Emilia rose to her feet and opened the curtains, letting light flood the room all at once.
She seemed to be thinking of what to say — and then she smiled.]

 

In the present moment, Emilia hoped that what she had eventually decided upon had been
enough.

 

["When we go on the 'date,'” her onscreen self declared. “Let's bring back a flower
bouquet."]

 

Mimi frowned. “A flower bou…?”

 



Many others throughout the theater also looked confused — but Crusch smiled. What a
wonderful idea that was. The consideration of that suggestion warmed her heart.

 

[Subaru covered his face with his palms. "…Sure."]

 

[There’s no winning against that smile.]

 

Emilia giggled, her cheeks turning a brilliant pink. It made her feel oddly giddy, to hear him
talk so eagerly and so honestly and so much about how much he loved her smile.

 

Of course, she had long come to understand how much he adored her. But hearing it never
failed to make her feel all warm and fuzzy inside.

 

[Before the day comes when I forget, I should carve it into my chest so that I never can,
Subaru thought.]

 

Emilia’s smile froze. “Eh…?”

 

[It’s hypocritical and would only force the pain onto me, but I feel like it would be the right
thing to do, right? That’s what that pretty smile is telling me…]

 

“…Subaru,” Emilia murmured, but she was lost on what to say. “Oh, Su… Subaru…”

 

Such violent language for a feeling that should be so sweet and warm… Perhaps it was
because of her inexperience with such things, but Crusch couldn’t help feeling
uncomfortable.

 

Ferris closed his eyes, relaxing into Crusch’s side. Carving such a thing into his very soul…
He felt that sort of passion every time he was granted the gift of basking in his Lady’s smile.

 



[—It was the next day, when Subaru visited the village for the first time since his second
encounter with the mabeasts.]

 

[“Well, it was dangerous, very dangerous,” he was saying to the very worried villagers,
clad in his tracksuit. He gave a thumbs-up. “But, I'm glad everyone's okay!”]

 

Rem thought that outfit suited him much better than the manservant uniform, really.

 

They must have been so worried for him, Ricardo thought. It was rare, in the first place, for
small town folks like this to be so comfortable allowing strangers to play with their children
— and secondly, Subaru had barely known them for a few days in their eyes before rushing
off to risk his life for those kids. If he had died out there in the forest after all that, he was
certain it would have been a grievous scar on the hearts of all who stood there fretting over
him now.

 

[“Subaruu!”] [“Feeling better!”] [“Subaru is standing!”] [“Subaru is standing on the
ground!”]

 

Especially on the hearts of those children, Tivey thought grimly. He couldn’t imagine how
souls that young would react, if someone had ended up dying for their sakes like that.

 

Next to him, Hetaro pressed close to his side.

 

[“Oh, oh, you little brats.” Around the adults Subaru was easily flustered by praise for
his achievements, but with the kids he gave his usual attitude. “I'm glad you're all doing
well. You should show me some gratitude.”]

 

“They really should,” Rachins muttered. “With all that guy did for those kids…”

 

“I’m sure they did,” Felt said, rolling her eyes. “We both saw them visiting him while he
slept to scribble all over his bandages, right? Annoying habits like that are how kids like
them show gratitude, dumbass.”



 

Old Man Rom chuckled, thinking of his own fiery granddaughter. Wasn’t that the truth?

 

Emilia smiled sadly. She could tell from the faces of the adults that they all knew as well as
she did that this was Subaru’s way to keep them all from worrying about him. —Petra, too, if
her visible frustration was anything to go off of.

 

[“Subaru, let's play!”] [“Let's play, let's play!”] [“Let's catch some krafish!”] [“A big
one!”]

 

On the other hand, Lucas and the others were oblivious to Subaru's condition and tried to pull
him along in the same manner as they did before. Emilia couldn’t help but giggle at that. —It
was probably a relief to Subaru, really, that they treated him the same as they always did.

 

“They’re being far too rough with him,” Julius hissed, rigid all over as he watched the
children push at his frame and pull at his clothes. “Can’t they see he’s still not walking quite
right…?”

 

“They’re just children,” Mimi brushed off. “They don’t mean anything by it.”

 

Anastasia hid a giggle. She knew that if Julius had seen Joshua being manhandled in such a
manner after one of his more serious spells, it wouldn’t matter how young the perpetrators
were: all of them would have been swiftly and ruthlessly corrected on the spot.

 

[“Lucas!” Petra’s voice shouted. Lucas startled loudly, falling onto his rear from where
he had attempted to use Subaru as his usual climbing wall. It was the first time she had
spoken up since Subaru arrived — and in fact, she appeared to have been keeping her
distance with a worried expression — and everyone sharply turned her way. “What are
you thinking?! Subaru's only just recovered!”]

 

Julius exhaled slightly, slumping. At least one of those kids had some sense.

 



[“Oh, Petra,” Subaru blinked. “Why are you over there…?”]

 

[Petra froze.]

 

Julius frowned. “Hm?”

 

[Subaru frowned. ”What is it?”]

 

[His voice was friendly, but Petra turned away and started to run.]

 

“—Eh?!” Emilia cried, lurching forward as the theater broke into cries of surprise and slight
alarm alike. “Petra?!”

 

Ah. Crusch sighed. So, it seemed that the girl hadn’t quite gotten over the sight of Subaru’s
injuries, had she…?

 

She couldn’t blame her, of course. In fact, it was the mark of a very kind and gentle soul, to
be so affected by such a sight.

 

Rem had thought that perhaps that girl was just weaker than her peers to the sight of injury.
But if that were the case, shouldn’t seeing him up and about like this made her feel better?
Why did she still seem so…?

 

[Petra's mental state didn't seem to be a secret, nor did it seem to be unrelated to
Subaru: the way the townspeople pushed him to race after her was proof enough of
that.]

 

"Huh?" Reinhard blinked. "Why… I thought Petra didn't want to be near him?"

 



"What you want and what can be two different things, I suppose," Beatrice answered,
somewhat absentmindedly.

 

Then again, Rem thought, there was a difference between seeing an injury on its own, and
knowing that the person in question had been injured for your own sake. In a similar situation
herself, currently, Rem didn’t know if she would ever be able to fully stomach the guilt of
that particular scenario — even while knowing that the boy who had done so much for her
sake still considered it to have been entirely worth it.

 

Perhaps that knowledge even made things feel a little bit worse.

 

[“This is where things got a little messy.”]

 

[Petra startled hard, freezing for a moment before turning around to see him standing
behind her. She had apparently raced to the other side of the village: the place by the
fence where Subaru had first met the mabeast pup.]

 

Emilia stiffened slightly, seeing them both so close to the barrier. She knew that she had fixed
it by this point, and that they would be safe so long as they remained just before the line, but
still…!

 

“Reckless girl,” Beatrice sighed.

 

She normally was much more level-headed than this. Otto grimaced. It wasn’t right, seeing
Petra so out of sorts.

 

[“B-But I am too injured…” Subaru huffed dramatically, raising and lowering his
shoulders as he exaggeratedly staggered and leaned against the tree trunk. “To run as
fast as I can… Huff, I don't know if it's okay to be out sick… If you're injured… But
not sick…”]

 



Anastasia saw the magic stone hanging from the tree that he was leaning against and found
herself relaxing slightly. She had heard that the barrier had been fixed, of course, but there
was a difference between hearing it and seeing it for herself.

 

[“Why…?”]

 

[“As I thought, I can't catch my breath fast enough…” Subaru wheezed, chuckling as
he sat down. “Or, maybe I just have too little stamina.”]

 

[Petra looked bewildered, and still not amused in the slightest by his attempts at levity.]

 

[“Well, sit down, Petra.” Subaru patted the ground next to him. “Let's have a little
talk.”]

 

[“…Alright.” Looking both like she wanted to run as far as she could and like wouldn’t
be able to take her eyes off of Subaru’s face if she tried, Petra meekly sat down by his
side.]

 

Garfiel frowned. “Seriously, what’s up with her right now?”

 

Frederica sighed, watching the little girl struggle in silence through her overwhelming guilt.
Oh, Petra…

 

[“Uh, I'm not quite sure what's going on here,“ Subaru admitted. “But everyone told
me to go after you, Petra. Is there something you want to tell me?”]

 

[“O-Oh…” Petra looked distinctly uncomfortable, as if she had been set up somehow.
“Well, that's, that's true.”]

 

It really was strange to see Petra behaving so meekly. Otto grimaced. With how she normally
behaved, this was just…



 

It was unexpectedly painful, to see that strong-willed girl acting so unsure of herself.

 

[“I wonder what about,” Subaru wondered aloud, when Petra didn’t say anything else.
Then he suddenly startled, his face abruptly going pale. “Ah, maybe, did you get hurt
before I brought you out of the forest?! You might have gotten mercilessly bitten into by
those dogs, and if that left a scar…then, I'm sorry!”]

 

[Even as upset as she was, Petra seemed visibly taken aback]

 

[“The worst thing that can happen to a girl is getting a scar! Well if I recall, to prevent
scars, you gotta keep it moist or something like that…”]

 

Mimi frowned. “It is?”

 

“Well,” Anastasia giggled. “Most girls would see it that way.”

 

After all, a girl’s most prized weapon in the world was her beauty. Marring her looks would
both humiliate her soul and cripple her from moving up in the world. That was simply how it
was.

 

—Though, Ricardo thought. There were always exceptions.

 

Subaru was right about moisture being beneficial, Ferris noted. But more than that, it would
be important to keep the wound clean. Though of course, someone even semi-skilled in water
magic would likely be able to heal an injury small enough for Petra to hide it without
difficulty, in which case Rem, Beatrice, or Emilia should be capable of…

 

But that didn’t seem right, in any case. To Ferris’ eyes, Petra didn’t seem injured at all.

 



[As Subaru continued to fret, Petra looked as though she were searching for evidence of
a ploy, with a face that seemed confused by the presence of his confusion. But slowly, she
seemed to realize that Subaru was serious about both his concern and his ignorance of
what was wrong.]

 

[And with that realization followed a look of…]

 

“Angry?” Emilia asked aloud. “Petra, why are you….?”

 

[“Subaru,” Petra muttered.]

 

[“That's right! Petra, show me where you got hurt… Oh, no, I don't want to see it if it's
in a weird place…”]

 

[“—Subaru!!” Petra shouted.]

 

[“Yes, yes, yes, yes, what's wrong?” Subaru asked, spinning to face her.]

 

The look on Petra’s face made Subaru’s eyes widen even further, and it wasn’t hard to see
why. Even from this distance, Ricardo couldn’t help but cringe at the anguish emanating from
every fiber of her being. But more than just discomfort — what on Earth was making her so
upset?

 

“Getting all worked up after everything’s already been said and done…” the old kobold
sighed. He was thinking of a few more examples than just Petra. “Guess little girls are always
a handful.”

 

Anastasia sharply turned to face him, hands on her hips. “And what is THAT supposed to
mean?”

 



(Nearby, Ram could only agree — but she’d have to add that little sisters, especially, seemed
rather high-maintenance.)

 

[“S…” Petra was trembling, a mix of anger and frustration and overwhelming guilt in
her teary eyes. She appeared to be swallowing the first of those emotions, perhaps
deciding that such a reaction wasn’t appropriate for what she wanted to say in the
moment. “Sor…”]

 

[“Sor?” Subaru prodded, concerned.]

 

[“I'm sorry…!” And then Petra began to bawl in earnest.]

 

“Sor— Sorry?” Mimi asked, utterly bewildered. “What is there for that girl to be sorry for?!”

 

[“P-Petra!” Subaru exclaimed with a similar level of confusion, panicking at the sight of
the sobbing little girl. “What's wrong? Why are you apologizing?]

 

[“I'm sorry,” Petra apologized again, continuing to cry. “I'm sorry…! I'm so sorry…”]

 

“Why?!” Julius asked, looking even more panicked than Subaru at the sight of the crying
child. “Why are you crying?! What’s wrong?!”

 

Ferris couldn’t help snickering at his friend’s frantic helplessness. Julius never had been very
good with kids.

 

[“Father said you’d brought all of us back,” Petra sobbed. “He said you’d gotten a little
injured, and had had a hard time… But then I saw you lying there, and— How was that
only a little—?!”]

 

[It took a while for Petra to calm down enough to explain why she was apologizing.]



 

Garfiel swallowed. It hurt, to see Petra like this. She was normally so headstrong and
confident. To see her this distraught…

 

“I know,” Otto muttered, even though Garfiel hadn’t said anything out loud. “I know.”

 

Frederica could only watch with a pained look on her face. Petra had always been such a
good girl, after all. Even if she had been rather mischievous when she was young.

 

Emilia looked up with sad eyes. It was good, that Subaru had eventually recovered — but she
had always hated how badly he had scared the townsfolk with those awful injuries of his.

 

(It was nice, that they had been worried about him. But Emilia didn’t like seeing them cry.)

 

Beatrice only sighed. How bothersome people could be, she supposed.

 

[She’d brought Meili into the fold. She’d loved the puppy that turned out to be a
mabeast. She had let it run away into the forest when she should have looked after it
more carefully.]

 

“Aw…” Julius’ eyes filled with sympathy. “Oh, Petra…”

 

Ricardo smiled, a little wistful. After — everything else — he had seen so far, it felt
somewhat odd to see someone so tearful over mistakes that had been so fundamentally
childish.

 

Mimi sighed. “Children can be so naïve,” she murmured. “…Mimi’s glad that Subaru was
there to catch those children when they fell.”

 

Tivey and Hetaro both pressed close to their big sister, feeling much the same way.



 

Anastasia hummed. A little girl who already had enough of a sense of responsibility to hold
herself accountable for the harm caused by her careless actions, even well-intentioned as they
had been… Really, the more she saw of this girl, the more that Anastasia couldn’t help but be
impressed.

 

[She had led everyone into the forest, even while knowing they weren’t supposed to be
there. They had looked to her for answers just like they always did, and she had…!]

 

Crusch shivered. A little girl like that, shouldering the fates of her peers in a situation that
had quickly turned so dire…! What a cruel set of circumstances that could have turned into,
had something happened that ended up being truly irreversible.

 

Wilhelm winced. He knew what an awful feeling it was, to feel that you had made a mistake
at the cost of your men. It was a necessary lesson for all young ones to learn eventually, but
he wished Petra hadn’t needed to experience it in a situation that ended up having such high
stakes.

 

Ferris sighed. He had always known that boys were silly, but he guessed girls were often
quite silly, too.

 

[And worst of all, at the end, Petra had been the one to send Subaru into the darkness of
the forest to find the missing Meili. And that was what had ultimately led to Subaru
getting mauled so terribly that he almost lost his life.]

 

—Well, Felt winced. Perhaps that was sort of her fault. But to feel guilty about trying to help
someone you were worried about was ridiculous.

 

“He’s the one who went in after her,” Rachins muttered. “Blame him, he’s the idiot here.”

 

Was everyone in the Emilia Camp like this? Old Man Rom couldn’t help but chuckle: he was
starting to believe that faction was an entire camp full of children.



 

Reinhard frowned. Petra had asked for help, hadn’t she? Helping those who asked for it was
— it was simply the right thing to do. Why would she feel bad about that? He felt like he was
missing something important, and it ached when he realized that he didn’t know what it was.

 

[“Like I said,” Petra finished with a sniffle, tears still running down her face.
“Everything is my fault.”]

 

Crusch couldn’t help but smile tenderly. Petra had been wrestling with all this guilt, but all
Subaru had been worrying about was what he might have done to her. It seemed that
misunderstanding had made Petra angry rather than touched, but Crusch couldn’t help but
look fondly at someone with that sort of personality.

 

Not that it was a surprise, where Subaru was concerned. Certainly not after all Crusch had
seen from him so far.

 

—Frederica smiled somewhat sadly. It had been more than just Subaru’s injuries that had
shaken her to her core, she knew.

 

All her life, Petra had managed to weasel her way out of trouble due to her cuteness — or,
really, because her village adored her so. She had never really had to beg for forgiveness, or
even felt like she needed to apologize for its own sake. Seeing Subaru lying there, injured to
the point where he had nearly died, all for her sake…

 

Petra had learned a lot, thanks to that nasty awakening. The realization that it was the
kindness of her family and neighbors that kept letting her get away with things, as opposed to
simple foolishness on their parts; the weight of the consequences her actions could have — or
perhaps, already had — brought down upon those around her; the painful bite of regret that
felt far too great to ever be forgiven at all.

 

(It was honestly rather foolish: Petra had only ever been a child, and the things that she
regretted were little more than the usual reckless decisions made by a little girl too
headstrong for her own good. But all of this had meant a lot to her, so Frederica would not
dare belittle any of it.)



 

[Subaru listened patiently, all the way to the very end. And then he was quiet for a long,
long moment.]

 

In the present moment, Subaru could only quietly shake his head at that foolish, good-hearted
little girl. He knew how this memory had gone already, of course, but he couldn’t help feeling
somewhat wistful all the same.

 

Ah, Petra, he thought. You’ve always been too kind for your own good, haven’t you…?

 

[“…You know, Petra,” Subaru finally said.]

 

(Though really, Subaru felt that he could say that about a number of the people he knew.)

 

[“…Yes,” Petra whispered, gnashing her teeth in fearful anticipation for what he might
say next.]

 

She didn’t need to worry, Ram knew. She had engaged barely more mischief than what could
be expected of a young girl her age, after all. Subaru had looked past far, far worse — before
turning around to say that he loved her.

 

She didn’t need to worry, Rem knew. Because Subaru was perhaps the most forgiving sort of
person that she could imagine.

 

But, more than just looking for forgiveness, Petra believed that she was guilty. And when a
person believed themselves guilty…

 

[“Not that it's your fault, Petra…” Subaru began, sounding somewhat hesitant. “You're
wrong. If you have apologized… It's not.”]

 



Rem sighed. That wasn’t a satisfying answer, not to someone who genuinely believed that
they had wronged Subaru to such an extent. And from Petra’s expression, she could tell that
this answer had done nothing but perhaps make her feel even worse.

 

Reinhard felt hopelessly lost. Just what was someone supposed to say, in a situation like this?
What could Subaru do to comfort that crying child, if assuring her that she hadn’t done
anything wrong wasn’t enough?

 

He didn’t understand. He wished he did.

 

[“Hmm…” A look of understanding overcame Subaru’s face. “Maybe this is it.”]

 

“Hmm…?” Felt tilted her head. Nearby, Anastasia had a similar look of interest.

 

[“—I forgive you,” Subaru decided.]

 

Crusch’s tender smile broke into something much wider, a glow of pride entering her soft
eyes. What a considerate, compassionate, empathetic response…!

 

Really, between Subaru and Lady Emilia, Crusch wondered if the overflowing kindness
would be enough to melt her heart inside her chest.

 

[Petra blinked, looking somewhat shocked.]

 

[“Well, it's true that you made a lot of mistakes, Petra,” Subaru said. “I felt it would be
different if I irresponsibly just said ‘There's nothing to be sorry for.’ And so, when I
think about what the best thing to say to this tearful, remorseful Petra would be…”]

 

“Honestly,” Rom murmured, shaking his head. “What other answer could anyone have
expected, here?”



 

[Petra was still listening intently, her eyes round.]

 

It was Subaru, after all. Ricardo chuckled, shaking his head.

 

[“I forgive you, Petra,” Subaru declared with a smile. “Don't worry. I'm not angry. I'm
just glad that you and Meina don't have any scars.” He laughed. “But not me and
Lucas. A man's scars are his badge of honor!”]

 

“Hell yeah!” Garfiel crowed, pumping his fist into the air.

 

Otto sighed at them both, personally not being quite so sure. Though, if he said that out loud,
no doubt they’d both start poking fun at his manhood again. Troublesome personalities, both
of those two…

 

[Petra made a croaking noise, her face wide filled a very specific sort of wonder at the
sight of Subaru’s laughing face.]

 

“—I forgive you, too, you know,” Subaru suddenly said.

 

Rem and Ram startled at being addressed, looking over to see him staring at them both with a
hopeful expression on his face.

 

“I…forgave you both a long time ago,” he said. His voice was unusually meek and hesitant.
“Really, I did. Maybe you made some mistakes, but…you know?”

 

It was a ridiculous comparison, Rem thought, to place herself and this little girl side by side.
What Rem had done wasn’t the same as a naïve little girl carelessly following a puppy into
the forest with her friends, and then asking the grown-up who came to save them to go after
the one child still missing from the lot. Rem had—

 



“If you don’t resist, I can grant you a quick end.”

 

Rem had—

 

“I will not be able to ask you anything if I let you die so easily.”

 

She had—

 

“Mana of water, heal this body.”

 

She—

 

“My sister is too kind.”

 

—Subaru said he forgave her. He probably meant it, even. But could Rem really accept that
and be done with it all?

 

But for some reason, Rem found herself unable to muster the heart to snap at that face of his
this time. This wasn’t like when he had been arguing, and yelling, and fighting tooth and nail
to defend the indefensible. The way he was looking at her, with the big hopeful eyes of a boy
who had only ever wanted to be her friend…

 

Just what was she supposed to do in a situation like this? Was there even a right answer, here?

 

“…Can you just give us a bit of time, Subaru?” Her older sister finally answered. Her voice
was quiet. “It’s— I didn’t even know I had DONE something like that. I just…need some
time, alright?”

 

Subaru bit his lip, but then finally acquiesced with a nod of his head.



 

[“Oh, Petra.” Subaru greeted the young girl with a smile the very next day. “You're all
dressed up today.”]

 

“Ah.” Anastasia smiled, amused. “She dressed up for him, did she…?”

 

Crusch dimly wondered if her younger self had ever dressed up for a boy she liked, but
dismissed the thought as irrelevant after a moment. The scene in front of her was too sweet
for her to get melancholic over it.

 

[“Heh, heh,” Petra giggled, picking up the hem of her skirt and twirling around.
“Right? Isn't it cute? Isn't it cute?”]

 

Ricardo chuckled. It looked as though someone was developing a bit of a crush. Petra didn’t
need to worry: that sort of puppy love was always adorable to watch.

 

[“Oh, you look super cute,” Subaru agreed warmly. “Where did you get that outfit?”]

 

[Petra hesitated.]

 

“She didn’t steal it, did she?” Julius muttered tiredly. He didn’t want to make assumptions,
but considering everything else this Camp had apparently been up to...

 

“Give her the benefit of the doubt, would you?” Crusch scolded lightly, even as she held back
a laugh at his exhausted reaction. Wilhelm just chuckled, shaking his head.

 

[“Umm, you know. This is…” Petra shook her head. “I didn't actually buy it! I made
it!”]

 

Anastasia blinked. “Oh?”



 

[“You made it?” Subaru repeated, eyes widening with surprise before turning into a
mixture of understanding and satisfaction. “Oh, I see! Oh, right, right, right. Petra,
that's awesome!”]

 

[Petra puffed out her chest at the praise, her cheeks pink.]

 

Otto resisted a groan, thinking of Subaru’s own hobby.

 

[“Petra, as expected, you have good taste,” Subaru declared. “I'm sure you could open a
store in the future.”]

 

He wondered if Subaru had ever considered opening a clothing store himself. It annoyed and
worried him, that he could picture it so clearly.

 

—Garfiel suddenly shook him by the shoulder, snapping him out of it. “Look at Petra’s face!”
he whispered with a snicker.

 

[“…Really?” Petra was saying. Her voice was oddly meek. “You think so?”]

 

[“Hm?” Subaru tilted his head, looking somewhat confused at her lack of cheer.]

 

Otto blinked, startled by that reaction himself. He knew well and good about Petra’s crush, of
course — but to see the girl who annoyingly insisted on teasing him day in and day out acting
so shy was very strange. Her familiar call of “Ottotototo-saaan~!” echoed through his head
as he stared at the meteor.

 

Barf, Felt thought, just barely resisting the urge to roll her eyes.

 

…Petra probably could, actually.



 

The more that Anastasia watched this young girl, the more interested she became in her
potential. With taste like that, and a hardworking nature that led her to start practicing
already, Petra could likely go far as a seamstress. The only thing missing was…

 

[“You know,“ Petra suddenly said. She sounded nervous. “In the future, I want to go to
the Royal Capital to work as a tailor. —Th-This dress is practice for that… It's only one
dress, but I-I'll practice more, and then…”]

 

And there it was: the ambition. Anastasia smiled proudly. She would have to keep an eye out
for a young, orange-haired Capital seamstress in the coming years, it seemed.

 

Felt could respect someone who had a lofty dream that they intended to make their own
someday through hard work. That was the sort of integrity she admired in others, and that she
would always fight to cultivate within herself.

 

Even if that voice and those eyes made her want to gag right now.

 

Frederica remembered. Petra had told her once, she thought, or perhaps she had figured it out
on her own. Many of the others in her village hadn’t taken that dream of hers seriously,
dismissing it as the fantasies of a little girl. She hadn’t really cared what any of them thought
about it, but then Subaru had come along, and Petra had been worried.

 

[“That's a nice dream,” Subaru smiled. “I bet you will become the best tailor in the
Royal Capital.”]

 

But then, of course, Subaru had responded to her dream in exactly the right way.

 

Beatrice smiled. It was a nice dream, she supposed. And it was just like her contractor to
respond to a dream like that in such a manner — and by the look of it, to mean every word he
said.

 



Emilia giggled. It was a nice dream, and she was sure that Petra would achieve it one day.
Petra was a very talented girl, after all.

 

[“—Ah.”]

 

[And Petra looked back at Subaru with big round eyes, her cheeks turning a wonderful
shade of red.]

 

And that was how that happened, wasn’t it? Garfiel couldn’t help but snicker a little at the
look on Petra’s face.

 

—Well. He guessed there were worse reasons to fall in love with someone.

 

“…So,” Ram said, watching the mundane exchange play out onscreen. She sounded
exhausted. “Is that it? Are we done, now?”

 

She already had a feeling the answer was no.

 

“I wanna be done,” Rachins muttered. “Please say we’re done…”

 

“Most likely not, I’m afraid,” Anastasia said. Her tone grew somewhat clipped. “The meteor
is still going.”

 

“What more is there to see?” Wilhelm asked weakly. “Surely there isn’t…”

 

He didn’t want to think about what it might mean if…

 

Rom silently steeled himself for what was to come. Considering all he’d heard about that boy
getting up to over the past year, he had somewhat expected that they weren’t at the end of it



yet.

 

Ricardo exhaled slowly. “Well,” he announced, clapping his hands. His tone was forcefully
cheerful. “Nothing to do but wait and see, eh?”

 

Ferris groaned loudly. It could have been a sob. Crusch winced, rubbing his shoulders. For
his sake, she hoped this wouldn’t go on for too much longer.

 

“…Mimi would rather see it than not,” Mimi declared after a moment. Her eyes were fierce.
“Even if it’s unpleasant, Mimi can’t just turn away from it. Not when it’s this important.”

 

Her two brothers nodded their heads in agreement, both due to similar feelings in each of
their hearts and because they would both follow their big sister’s lead no matter what.

 

“Hopefully it’ll get a bit easier to watch from here,” Julius said, trying to keep his voice level.
“It’s… I just hope we’ve gotten through the worst of it.”

 

“If we have, then good for us,” Felt said. “If we haven’t, I’m with Mimi: I’d rather see it than
not. This is too important for me to to turn away from.”

 

Reinhard bowed his head, grateful for his Lady’s consideration for the boy he considered his
very best friend.

 

“Really wish I had a say in all this,” Subaru muttered uncomfortably. “They’re MY
memories, you know…”

 

“Don’t worry, Captain!” Garfiel declared, trying to put on a brave face. If this continued until
Sanctuary— “All this has done is made ya look even cooler in my eyes, honest!”

 

“We’ll stand by you no matter what, Natsuki-san,” Otto said, voice gentle. “I know it’s
unpleasant, but once we know what you can’t tell us outright we’ll be able to help you with



everything we’ve got. So…try to bear with it?”

 

“Not like I have much of a choice, here,” Subaru sighed.

 

Frederica winced. Subaru was right, of course, about the invasiveness of this situation: she
couldn’t imagine the discomfort of being in his position right now. But it seemed that
everyone understood the situation enough to be kind about it, doing their best to keep their
reactions to Subaru’s past behavior light and playful. That consideration was a blessing, at
least.

 

“We’ll need to have a chat once this is over, of course,” Emilia murmured. Her heart still
ached painfully in her chest.

 

Subaru winced. “Emilia—”

 

“But that can wait,” Emilia declared, voice firm. “That’s not something we should be getting
into right now. For now…”

 

“For now, Betty’s contractor should try to relax, in fact,” Beatrice agreed. She pressed her
hand against the glass. “Betty is here, so there’s no need to worry, in fact.”

 

Subaru’s face broke into a smile. “That’s true,” he murmured. “So long as my Beako is here
with me, I can handle anything!”

 

Rem winced. Anything?

 

Next to her, Ram sighed. “We really will have a lot to talk about,” she muttered. “But we’ll
be able to talk about it, at least. That’s better than where we were before.”

 

…Right. Rem had only just opened her eyes in this very theater, but — it sounded like a full
year had passed between then and now, right? A full year in which nobody had known what



was happening right under their noses, and in which neither she nor her sister had
understood…

 

Well. They both knew what had happened, now. So now that the wound that had been left to
fester in darkness had at last been uncovered, they could dress it properly so that it could
finally heal well.

 

Rem wasn’t sure if Subaru was telling lying about being mostly over it, or if he believed he
was telling the truth about it, or if he seriously didn’t think about it much anymore. But now
that she and her sister knew, they could figure out where Subaru was and meet him where he
had already come to meet them halfway, hand as outstretched as it always was. That—

 

As uncomfortable as it might be, Rem believed that honest effort would be a good place to
start, when it came to building a new and shiny relationship with this boy she knew loved her
with all his heart and soul.

 

With that, Rem turned back to the meteor, ready to face the future as the clock ticked on, and
on, and on…

Chapter End Notes

And that’s Arc 2 wrapped up! Next up is a collection of side stories. And there are a
LOT of side stories. …It’s gonna be a while before we get to Arc 3.

SIDE STORIES INCLUDED:

[The World Petra Saw]



Chapter 19: Eccentric Tastes (SS 1, Part 1)
Chapter Summary

Subaru recovers from his first week at the manor. The other residents do some nice
things for him.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

[“Nee-sama, Nee-sama!” Rem said excitedly. “Please listen to this. Today, Subaru-kun
was able to get out of bed.”]

 

[“Hmm, yes.”]

 

Julius winced. With how injured Subaru had been after his second encounter with the
Wolgarm, it was perhaps indeed a thing to celebrate that he was not completely bedridden.
Though the boy had been able to go to the village the very next day, there was a definite
difference between mustering up the energy to check on the people you had just risked your
life to save from certain death and being able to return to the tedious work of usual, daily life.

 

Anastasia exhaled slowly, a grim look on her face as she thought much the same thing as her
knight. Though, on top of that…

 

“That sure is some change, ain’t it?” Tivey muttered. The night-and-day difference with how
Rem was behaving around Subaru now sent a chill down his spine.

 

“I prefer it,” Hetaro said quietly. “I’m glad that Rem likes him now.”

 

Mimi didn’t know what words could properly describe her revulsion at this turn of events, so
she settled for curling her lip and hugging both of her little brothers tight.

 



“So we’re watching Rem’s memories alongside Subaru’s, now, eh…?” Rom frowned for a
moment, and then shrugged. It was probably their captor’s way of being considerate, sparing
no expense in fulfilling the girl’s heartfelt request.

 

[“Nee-sama, Nee-sama. I’ve promised to cut Subaru-kun’s hair. What kind of haircut
do you think would look good on him? He looks wonderful no matter what, but…”]

 

[“Ah, hmm, yes.”]

 

Reinhard reflected on the joy he felt at adorning his Lady with different beautiful dresses. He
smiled. Perhaps he understood what Rem’s feelings were, when it came to this special thing.

 

(Across the room, Felt scowled. She could just tell that her dumbass knight was thinking
something sappy.)

 

Frederica giggled at the growing bewilderment on Ram’s face. Ram wasn’t in reach to smack
her for the mirth dancing in her eyes, so she kept giggling and giggling and giggling, and just
couldn’t seem to stop.

 

She may not have been in a laughing mood, but Emilia smiled weakly nearby. “That’s nice,”
she murmured. “I’m glad you managed to keep that promise, Subaru… I’m so glad that the
two of you managed that much.”

 

After all, the inherent importance of a promise aside… Emilia knew that this particular vow
had meant so very much to him, and for so very long.

 

Wilhelm cringed at the thought of Subaru actually going through with that promise. He knew
that it had been important to the boy, of course, but still…!

 

Rom crossed his arms, and tried not to let his unease show. It wasn’t really fair for him to feel
uneasy about that proposal, after all, for a number of reasons.



 

Otto thought about Subaru willingly allowing this woman to approach his neck and head with
a sharp object and buried his face in his hands.

 

[“Nee-sama, Nee-sama. Just now, Subaru-kun was able to go to the bathroom by
himself. Please compliment him!”]

 

Rem choked. “E-Eh?!”

 

Next to her, Rachins barked out a laugh. He wasn’t the only one.

 

[“Hmm…?”]

 

Ram exhaled slowly, trying to hide her disbelief as she searched for words that would be
appropriate for this situation. “…My younger sister sure is full of surprises,” she finally
managed to say.

 

Rem — couldn’t really argue with that.

 

Across the room, Garfiel had devolved into loud cackles. “Oh, Captain!” he crowed, tears of
mirth in his eyes. Subaru was squawking back at him, face scarlet. “The indignity, to be told
that— Oh, my amazin’ self is so sorry—!”

 

Nearby, Otto was trying and failing to stifle giggles of his own. For Rem to declare that using
the bathroom, of all things, warranted praise…! Oh, his poor manly pride. —Though
considering some of the jokes Subaru made at Otto’s expense, perhaps this was deserved.

 

“It’s nyot that much of a stretch, actually,” Ferris said. Those who turned to him were
surprised to not see a hint of teasing on his face. “With injuries as severe as that… Subaru-
kyun being able to use the bathroom on his own so soon afterwards isn’t something to take
for granted.”



 

And just like that, all of Garfiel’s amusement drained away — as did that of everyone else in
the theater, leaving the room utterly silent.

 

Crusch grimaced. That was right. Subaru’s injuries… He was doing a good job of hiding it,
but they had been incredibly vicious, and were clearly still bothering him now no matter how
badly the figure before them wanted to pretend that they weren’t. It wasn’t actually a
laughing matter, not at all.

 

The idea that he may have struggled to so much as use the bathroom on his own afterwards,
as the price for his bravery… Somehow, that sobering, mortifying image struck Crusch’s
heart in a manner that no other detail about his injuries from that final fight against the
Wolgarm had quite managed.

 

Julius shifted. Come to think of it… Hadn’t Subaru still sported these injuries, the day of the
Royal Selection Ceremony? It was hard for him to remember every detail from that day,
especially when so many more important things had happened at around that same time, but
—

 

—Felt huffed loudly, drawing attention to herself as she made a show of leaning her cheek
against her hand. “Still,” she said, in a tone forcefully made lighthearted. “Demanding that
your big sis COMPLIMENT the poor guy over it… Sheesh.” She flashed Rem a teasing grin.
“Are your standards really that low?”

 

“Ho— How embarrassing,” Rachins added, quickly catching on to Felt’s intent. Somewhere
beneath her teasing grin, Felt smiled slightly: he did have his moments. “What a blow to his
pride as a man! Have you no mercy?!”

 

Rem managed to smile weakly back at the two of them.

 

Beatrice didn’t smile at all. Her expression had remained serious all the way through.

 



Subaru shifted, looking worried and uncomfortable. “I’d prefer it if my Beako would laugh a
little…” he prodded.

 

Beatrice cut her eyes away from him, feeling somewhere between indignant at his outrageous
request and ashamed at herself not being able to fulfill it. “…Betty is sorry, Subaru.”

 

[“Roswaal-sama, Roswaal-sama…!”]

 

[“Hmmmm~?”]

 

[Rem was beaming. And then, behind Subaru’s back—]

 

Ram choked.

 

“Wait—” Subaru’s eyes went wide. “Wait, Rem — you spent your entire saved-up salary on
my replacement butler uniform?!”

 

Rem stared at the meteor. “I— guess??” she offered, even more clueless than Subaru about
this development.

 

[From the look on her sister’s face later that day, as Subaru was getting all dressed up,
Ram’s old self seemed particularly dissatisfied with the fact that Subaru had not even
been made aware of this detail.]

 

“He really should have paid for it himself,” Julius commented, crossing his arms with a
frown on his face.

 

Mimi’s eyes widened. “Eh?!” she demanded.

 



“What?” Julius blinked, looking rather surprised by her loud, shocked objection. “Subaru was
injured while defending HIS household, protecting HIS village, saving HIS servant — with
all due respect, the absolute least that Lord Roswaal should have done after all of that was
replace HIS household’s uniform that had ended up tattered in the process. How is that even a
question?”

 

“Oh.” Mimi relaxed. “Oh, Mimi thought— Yeah, that makes more sense.”

 

“Not to mention Natsuki-kun belongs to the Margrave,” Anastasia added, her expression
dark. “That’s what it means to accept a request from someone to be yer servant: it means they
belong to you, and that you’ll take care of them accordingly. Lord Roswaal normally seems
to understand this, so…”

 

Suddenly her expression cleared.

 

Tivey frowned. “Lady Anastasia?”

 

“Ah,” the Merchant Princess grinned. “Ah, I get it.”

 

“Eh?” Hetaro tilted his head. “Get what?”

 

Anastasia giggled. “He coulda paid for the uniform just fine,” she said teasingly. “Probably
would have, in normal circumstances. …But it seems someone else really, REALLY wanted
to do it.”

 

Catching on, Ricardo barked out a laugh. “Oh, little lady!” he cackled. “Ya just couldn’t help
yerself, could ya?!”

 

Having been sneakily listening to their conversation nearby, Rem’s face turned bright red at
being suddenly addressed. “Ah—”

 



Ram was no help at all, giggling to herself and doing nothing else she watched her little sister
flounder at all the amused gazes being turned her way.

 

[“Did I keep you waiting?”]

 

A certain voice suddenly spoke aloud. It wasn’t a particularly loud voice, but it cut through
the din of the theater regardless, quelling everyone with an effortless wave of its hand.

 

[“No,” Subaru assured the owner of that voice, himself having been waiting patiently
before the tree the two of them had decided to meet at. “I’ve only just gotten here
myself.”]

 

After all, while Rem was stuck dealing with her newfound obsession, Subaru had headed out
to finally make good on a promise several lifetimes in the making.

 

—Crusch blinked. “Wait,” she said, frowning. “That can’t be right. All those pictures of the
Great Spirit around the tree… You must have arrived much earlier than Lady Emilia, if you
drew all of them in the dirt to kill time before she came!”

 

[“You said you wanted to meet outside the mansion, and say that stuff we just said…”
Emilia tilted her head, glancing back up in the direction from which she had come.
“Can I ask if there was any particular meaning to that?”]

 

[“They both seem rather fitting for a date, don’t you think?” Subaru said cheerfully.
“Leaving the mansion together wouldn’t feel very much like a date, and when you meet
outside the sort of conversation we just had is an absolute necessity!”]

 

“Wait—” Subaru’s eyes widened. “Wait, we’re watching THIS?!”

 

[“Hmm, so that’s how it is. I really don’t know anything about this sort of thing.”]

 



“Oh!” Felt cackled. “Oh, THAT’s what’s going on, is it?!”

 

[“By the way, I would still reply ‘I’ve only just gotten here myself’ even if you were
super late, it’s a sign of my noble manly heart.”]

 

Anastasia coughed lightly, having figured it out herself. “That sentiment doesn’t really work
if ya say it out loud like that,” she offered.

 

[“But wouldn’t that mean you were reeeeally late too…”]

 

[“There’s certain things you shouldn’t point out even if you notice, aren’t there?!”]

 

Subaru sputtered, eyes darting around for a long moment as he tried to figure out a rebuttal to
Anastasia, to Emilia, to all those amused gazes peering his way — before he finally gave up
and buried his scarlet face in his hands.

 

(Rem sighed quietly in relief as Subaru’s misfortune turned everyone’s attention across the
room, away from her own reddened cheeks.)

 

(Well, almost everyone: Ram’s warm, mirthful gaze was still fixed firmly upon her little
sister.)

 

[“Eh, what’s wrong?” Emilia frowned. “Do I look weird somehow?”]

 

Anastasia started laughing at the look on Subaru’s face. “Boys…!”

 

“They really are wolves, hmm?” Ferris grinned.

 



[“The characters for weird and romance look quite similar, huh, but setting that
aside…” Subaru’s hand was on his jaw, his eyes staring intently at Emilia’s appearance.
“There’s only a tiny bit that’s weird about you, and that tiny bit is also charming in
itself so it’s all good. More importantly, you’re looking extraordinarily cute today as
well! …Have you dressed up a little more than usual today?”]

 

[“You noticed?” Emilia said, surprised.]

 

“Of course he’d notice,” Felt cackled. “He could be oblivious to everything else in the world,
but never to his precious Emilia-tan, eh?”

 

“Someday you’ll end up just as head-over-heels for someone as Subaru is for her,” Rom
teased.

 

“Od Laguna no!” Felt recoiled. “If that ever happens you’d better knock some sense into me,
geez!”

 

[“Puck was a lot more enthusiastic than usual today…”]

 

[“Ooh, great job!” Subaru replied, sounding delighted. “Not bad, Puck. And here I
thought for sure that his feelings as a father would make him put up some resistance
when it came to his daughter’s first date.”]

 

[“Yeah, he was reeeeally conflicted about it,” Emilia confirmed with a faint smile. “But
he’s sleeping in my crystal right now so you can relax.”]

 

Beatrice smiled weakly. She could only imagine Bubby’s conflicted feelings on the matter.

 

Still, she was happy that he had managed to put them aside for the sake of her contractor and
his silly elf girl being able to spend that day together.

 



[“I see.” A relieved expression flickered across Subaru’s face for a moment, and then he
cleared his throat and humbly bowed before the beautiful woman.]

 

Donned in his new, flawless-looking butler outfit — the only formal clothing he possessed —
Subaru for once looked as though his formal behavior matched his appearance. Julius found
himself smiling.

 

[“Well then,” Subaru declared, extending out his elbow as if to link arms with Emilia. “I
suppose this is the beginning of our first date. I consider it a great honor that you would
allow me to escort you.”]

 

Julius’ smile graduated into a fit of giggles.

 

Subaru squawked, face growing scarlet. “What’re YOU laughing at?!”

 

He didn’t mean to laugh. Truly, he didn’t. But—

 

But Subaru just looked so adorably HAPPY then and there, didn’t he?

 

[“Umm…” Emilia’s fingers hesitantly grasped his cuff, as opposed to his hand. “Is this
alright?”]

 

Wilhelm’s eyes widened, and he coughed into his fist. “Oh dear,” he croaked.

 

An adorable and gentle demeanor like that… Wilhelm thought it would me any man’s
greatest weakness, if a girl were to grasp at the cusp of their sleeve with a look like that on
her face.

 

Anastasia giggled. If she didn’t know any better, she’d think that Emilia had done that to poor
Subaru on purpose. Either way, she had to admit that it had been expertly done.



 

Emilia remembered this. Puck had told her beforehand not to take Subaru’s hand, so she had
been unsure about what to do instead. She had been anxious that Subaru would be
disappointed or angry with her in response, but instead—

 

[“This isn’t what I was hoping for, but that’s a performance beyond my expectations!”
Subaru exclaimed, covering his face with his palms as he squirmed about with a rosy
face. “Your loveliness truly is fanatical like an Oni…!”]

 

Wilhelm chuckled, his heart unusually giddy at the sight he understood so very well. Subaru,
blushing bright, found himself unable to say a word in response.

 

Emilia winced. That phrase again, was it? She really didn’t…

 

But it was a compliment, as far as Subaru was concerned. And because he had considered it a
compliment, she had no choice but to smile warmly back at him.

 

[“So,” Emilia was saying, pulling on Subaru’s cuff as they walked side by side. “What
exactly do you do on a ‘date’?”]

 

[“First of all, we’ll head to the village,” Subaru answered. “After that, we’ll pay our
respects to the dead…”]

 

“Eh?” Garfiel frowned. “But…”

 

But nobody had died.

 

“What?” Ricardo asked. “Why would ya do that? Isn’t that a little dismal, for an outing with
a girl ya like?”

 



“I didn’t mind one bit,” Emilia said forcefully. “I was happy to share that moment with
Subaru, of course I was!”

 

This response  made almost everyone in the room appear even more confused than before.
Having already figured it out, however, Crusch felt her eyes go soft.

 

…Or at least, Garfiel corrected himself, still lost on his own thoughts, nobody had STAYED
dead. And Captain didn’t seem like the type to host his own funeral, did he?

 

…Should he be granted a proper funeral, actually? He was still alive, but he had gone
through death. Would it be helpful, if they were to give his old selves their proper rites? Or
would it cause more harm than good?

 

Garfiel didn’t know. He hadn’t heard of any folktales where the hero had died and come back
to life, so he didn’t really know what he was supposed to do.

 

[“And then, how about going to see some flowers?” Subaru declared. “Slowly, calmly,
there’s no rush.”]

 

[“That sounds nice,” Emilia replied, and she meant every word.]

 

Frederica chuckled. “That sounds much more proper for an outing with a girl, Subaru-
sama…”

 

Garfiel remembered taking Ram to see the snow white sakuras, of course, and now he knew
that he had taken Rem as well. The memory made him relax a bit. Flower-viewing was
something he had experience with, at least.

 

[The children had prepared a bouquet for Subaru in advance, like he had requested.
But, of course, they didn’t allow him to leave his encounter with them unscathed.
Important date or not, these innocent children did not care even a little bit.]



 

Subaru scoffed, folding his arms and turning away with a huff and a bright pink blush on his
cheeks as the rest of the theater laughed at his predicament. Darn brats.

 

[“Thank goodness the children seem alright,” Emilia smiled. “You seemed reeeeeally
popular too, Subaru.”]

 

[“I wonder if that’s something to be so happy about,” Subaru muttered, dusting off his
butler outfit. “It’s actually pretty problematic in its own way, Emilia-tan.”]

 

“Suure it is,” Ferris laughed. Julius simply shook his head, a smile on his face. There were
some things that Subaru would never admit, perhaps, but that didn’t make it any less obvious
to anyone giving him even half of their attention.

 

[“Even with this, they were probably holding back because you were there. If it weren’t
for that, I’d be going through something even more horrible right about now.”]

 

[“Come on, you’re exaggerating. Those kids just like you, isn’t that right.”]

 

“So overdramatic,” Old Man Rom teased.

 

Wilhelm huffed. “Kids are annoying,” he agreed somberly. “But as the future of our great
country, they must be trained regardless. …Kid-friendly types like Subaru-dono are ideal for
that, it seems.”

 

“What kind of backhanded compliment is that?!”

 

[“If this were any other day, I would have snot spread all over my back right now.
Fortunately, I was able to avoid that fate today.”]

 



[“That’s what usually happens?!” Emilia exclaimed, her eyes filling with pity. Subaru’s
expression turned somewhat complicated, and he ended up averting his gaze.]

 

Crusch shook her head. He just couldn’t be honest, could he? Always playing up this weird
act in front of the people he cared about — what was even the point of that? And then, even
on the rare occasions they took him seriously, he found himself backing away from it…

 

What was the point of all this? She just didn’t understand it at all.

 

Ricardo grimaced. If he were being honest, he wasn’t all that fond of brats himself. It was
because of that, perhaps, that he couldn’t help but watch the Subaru onscreen with a sort of
admiration: it was always easier to admire people with skills that you couldn’t imagine
developing yourself.

 

“I think yer selling yerself short, Ricardo,” Anastasia commented wryly, guessing his
thoughts from the look on his face.

 

He denied it, of course. “Dunno what yer talking about, Ana-bo.”

 

Men. Anastasia rolled her eyes. They never could just be honest about themselves, could
they?

 

[“Ah,” Subaru suddenly said. Emilia turned around as well.]

 

Ricardo busted out in loud laughter, quickly followed by the rest of the theater, at the sight of
the gaggle of children having followed the two of them — followed SUBARU — close
behind.

 

“You see what I mean?!” Subaru demanded. “Darn brats, you take your eyes off of them for
even a second—!”

 



“Betty’s contractor sure is popular, in fact,” Beatrice giggled. “And he’s very bad at
pretending he doesn’t like it, I suppose…”

 

Subaru threw up his hands. “Betrayed by my own Beako?!”

 

And yet again, this injustice he faced was the fault of none other than the brats.

 

[“Come on, you guys can’t tag along this time,” Subaru was scolding, making a shooing
motion with his hand. “I told you that Emilia and I were going to be having a thrilling,
lascivious tryst, didn’t I? Get outta here, scram!”]

 

[“Ehh, what a tyrant.” “Ehh, what a rude guy.” “Ehh, what an unruly kid.”]

 

[“I’m no unruly brat.”]

 

Julius snorted loudly before he could stop himself.

 

“Ju— Julius!” Anastasia scolded, trying desperately (and failing) to stifle her laughter.
Across the room, Subaru’s outraged squawking sound caused the roar of laughter within the
theater to nearly triple in volume.

 

[“Also, we’re getting close to the barrier,” Subaru reminded them. “Which if you
remember you were forbidden from approaching. Unless you want to hear Muraosa’s
long, boring, droning lectures, you’d better head back right now. Head back, and have
fun playing that frozen Oni game I taught you or something.”]

 

Anastasia had watched him teach the children that game, alongside everyone else. “Freeze
Tag,” according to his hometown, but renamed “for more universal appeal.” It was a cute sort
of children’s game, really.

 



[Most of the children went away without an issue, grumbling quietly about Subaru
having chased them off — but Petra stayed behind for a moment, staring at Emilia with
a look that made the silver-haired girl’s charmed smile falter slightly.]

 

“Ah,” Felt snickered.

 

“Oh dear,” Anastasia laughed.

 

“Oh,” Garfiel grinned. “Seems someone’s found a rival, eh?”

 

[Petra’s eyes finally met Emilia’s — at which point she rudely stuck her tongue out with
a noise before running after her friends.]

 

Frederica squawked. “Petra?!”

 

Anastasia sighed, shaking her head in momentary disappointment and disapproval. Such
potential, but then there was still that childishness… She’d be sure to train it out of her, if
given the chance.

 

Felt just threw back her head and laughed.

 

[“That Petra, what’s with that attitude of hers?” Subaru sighed. “I’ll be sure to give her
a good talking to tomorrow… Are you alright, Emilia-tan? —If the shock has rendered
you unable to walk, I’m more than willing to princess carry you in my arms.”]

 

Anastasia rolled her eyes. “Ya know, that almost sounded sarcastic,” she chided. Next to her,
Mimi giggled.

 

[“…No, I’m used to it, so it’s fine.” Emilia shook her head, looking somewhat sad.
“Something of that level isn’t anything worth making a fuss over.”]



 

Ricardo’s laugh seemed to freeze. “—Ah?”

 

In fact, the entire theater had screeched to a halt.

 

“Eh…” Subaru’s amusement had been replaced by something far more serious. “Emilia…”

 

Ram’s smile faded. “So, that’s what she had thought,” she murmured.

 

Rem blinked, a little confused. “Onee-chan?” she whispered.

 

“…Lady Emilia thought that Petra was being cruel because of her looks,” Ram said quietly.
“A foolish assumption, but one that was ultimately that girl’s own fault. She could have put a
little more thought into how that reaction looked.”

 

She didn’t know why Emilia would think such a foolish thing, really. But Rem recalled how
her old self had flinched at the sight of Frederica’s teeth, back when she was a child. The
shame that blossomed inside of her at the memory made her sympathize with the little girl
who hadn’t realized what she was doing.

 

Frederica crossed her arms, disapproval growing by the minute. Even if she hadn’t meant it,
for Petra to make Lady Emilia feel like this was beyond improper.

 

[“Making a fuss, not something you hear very often these days…” Subaru pouted. “And
I’m the one hurt by the statement that you’re used to this…”]

 

Old Man Rom grimaced. Julius cringed. What a callous thing for him to say, when Emilia
had assumed Petra was…!

 

It hadn’t been Subaru’s fault. Somehow that made it feel worse.



 

“I’m oh-kay, Subaru,” Emilia said. Subaru was relieved to see that she was smiling a genuine,
happy smile. “Really, that Petra is so silly, isn’t she…?”

 

Though honestly, Emilia thought with exasperation. Petra certainly wasn’t the only silly girl
around here.

 

[“It’s fine.” Her onscreen self started walking again. “Come on, our ‘date’ isn’t over
just yet. Let’s go.”]

 

Subaru hadn’t pushed her any further about why she was sad. Emilia remembered feeling
somewhat disgusted at herself for relying on his consideration like that, but now she could
only giggle at her own foolish silliness.

 

It was nice, to have been so very wrong in her assumptions.

 

[“—Alright, we’re here, we’re here.” Subaru drew to a stop, pointing at a cluster of
trees with blue crystals marking the barrier. “We can’t enter, so sorry, but this is as far
as we go.”]

 

“Eh??” Rachins stiffened, mirth fading from his face as his eyes grew sharp. “The hell are
you doing back there?!” he demanded, visibly agitated. “The woods— Do you have a death
wish?!”

 

Ram flinched violently nearby, and then she turned to swat at him. Rachins squawked.

 

“Be more careful with your words!” she snapped.

 

—Rachins went pale once he realized what she was referring to, and then sank backwards
into a mortified silence.

 



Crusch paid neither of them any mind at all, a soft smile on her face. “I’m glad you did that
for him,” she murmured. This sort of consideration…

 

It truly was the mark of a wonderful Lady, and perhaps even of a wonderful King. Of that,
Crusch was certain.

 

Ferris’ brows were knit together. “What ARE nyew doing…?” he muttered. He hoped it
wasn’t something stupid.

 

Felt frowned for a moment, but then her gaze cleared. “Ah,” she murmured. “…Well. If that’s
what you’ve gotta do, Big Bro.”

 

Next to her, Old Man Rom sighed. It was ridiculous, but he guessed he couldn’t begrudge
this kid that little bit of comfort. If that’s what he really wanted, then…sure. He guessed that
it was fine.

 

[Before them all, Subaru took a moment to search the ground before placing the
bouquet in a secluded spot — somewhere the hands of curious children would be
unlikely to disturb it.]

 

“—Oh,” Ricardo muttered, finally catching on. “I get it.”

 

The idea of that kid genuinely mourning a Mabeast — let alone one that had hurt him so
badly, over and over again — was surreal and ridiculous, but it was also so worrying that the
mercenary captain just couldn’t bring himself to laugh. If Subaru kept on extending a hand
like that to everything in sight, even things that couldn’t even bother to recognize the
gesture…

 

But could Subaru really even stop himself? With a personality like that, would asking him to
stop be akin to ordering him to cut off his arm? As he tried to figure out how he was
supposed to feel about all this, Ricardo only knew that he felt completely out of his depth.

 



“…It’s for Subaru’s sake,” Tivey muttered. Ricardo started slightly. “This gravesite and that
bouquet were all for Subaru’s sake. So…I think it’s alright.”

 

Ricardo exhaled slowly. He understood what the kid was saying loud and clear: mourning a
Mabeast might be a ludicrous thought, but it had been important to Subaru regardless.

 

He ruffled Tivey’s hair. “Yer pretty smart, ya know that?”

 

Tivey huffed, puffing out his chest. “Of course I am,” he declared proudly. Ricardo chuckled.

 

Frederica just watched quietly, a solemn look on her face.

 

[Subaru knelt down fully and brought his hands together in prayer, closing his eyes.]

 

“Ah—” Garfiel finally caught on. His face twisted uncomfortably at the realization. “A…
Ah…”

 

Otto grimaced. He couldn’t say that he was surprised, really. It was just like Natsuki-san, to
be so foolish as to mourn a…

 

But that’s why Otto was here, after all. To make sure Subaru and Emilia could both walk in
the light, he would be the one to walk in darkness.

 

Out of respect, Beatrice quietly averted her gaze from the meteor. Her contractor would do
whatever he had to do, she supposed.

 

Julius thought it was some kind of wonderful, really, that Subaru could find it within himself
to pray for a mindless beast that had done nothing but cause him pain. It was the sort of
character that he would have expected to read about in one of those old storybooks that he
had always found so inspiring.



 

He just hoped Subaru wouldn’t be put in so many situations where he would end up getting
so hurt, with that admirably kind heart of his.

 

“It’s an unusual method of prayer…” Anastasia murmured, eyes still trained on Subaru’s
hands, clasped in front of his chest. “But perhaps it’s not all that strange.”

 

Perhaps it was like how Subaru’s world had many of the same fruits and vegetables, but they
went by different names. The letters, the syllables, the hand placement, the posture, all of
those inconsequential details were unusual — but everything important remained the same.

 

[Behind him, Emilia placed her hand on her chest in a more familiar kind of prayer.]

 

Emilia remembered that afternoon. She had thought about how all living things, even
mabeasts, would have their souls cleansed when they returned to the Od upon death — and
had hoped they could get along when they once again incarnated into this world in a new
form.

 

She hadn’t known where she had picked up that life lesson before. But now…

 

Emilia smiled sadly, thinking of Mother Fortuna.

 

[“Sorry to make you play along with my self-satisfaction.” Subaru stood up and dusted
off his knees, smiling at Emilia. “It’s alright now, everything’s okay.”]

 

Wilhelm smiled weakly at that bright and cheerful grin. He didn’t really understand this: not
why Subaru had bothered with such hopeless creatures, or what purpose this was supposed to
serve, or why it felt so very sincere. But he supposed that he didn’t really need to understand
it, because the fact that it had been important to Subaru was enough in and of itself.

 



Ferris looked at Emilia and felt very, very small. How many times had Lady Crusch humored
him, when his heart had cried for things that any well-adjusted person would find silly and
unreasonable? How many times had he seen that kind expression on her face? —He and
Subaru both, they really were the inconvenient sorts, huh?

 

Rem’s eyes were on the bouquet. Subaru’s sympathy was wasted on those Mabeasts — and it
was wasted on so many other things, too. He should have saved that bouquet for himself.

 

…Perhaps Rem could give him some flowers, if she had the chance. If Subaru couldn’t bring
himself to do even that much for all those times he had been forced to leave everything
behind, then maybe she could quietly leave something behind on that grave to soothe
whatever parts of him had been lost for good.

 

Ram stared with dull eyes that saw nothing. She had considered him a compassionate soul
before, she really had, but…

 

Subaru really was far, far too kind for his own good, wasn’t he?

 

Mimi stared at Subaru’s kind face with a cold expression. Stupid, stupid boy… He was so
reckless with that kind heart of his, Mimi just knew that he was going to watch it get ripped
to shreds right before his eyes someday.

 

Hetaro watched his big sister’s quivering lips with worried eyes. “Onee-chan…”

 

[Emilia studied his smile for a moment, as if making sure that it was real, and then she
nodded. “Yeah,” she said.]

 

Reinhard had watched the entire ritual in silence, remaining still as he witnessed a show of
grief and mourning from a good-hearted boy for a pack of monsters that had done nothing but
cause him harm.

 



He didn’t really know what he felt, in response to this. All he knew for certain was that,
although Reinhard was sitting right by the cage holding his friend tight, he felt as though he
and Subaru were many, many miles apart.

 

[“So, what we’re doing next is… Visiting a field of flowers, is that right?”]

 

[“That’s right, a flower field!” Subaru snapped his fingers in satisfaction, smiling
playfully. “This is a pretty big deal in itself, you know?”]

 

“A flower field,” Ricardo repeated in amusement. “What’s so special about something like
that, though? I mean, I get why a girl might like it, but…”

 

“I wouldn’t dismiss it,” Julius said. His eyes were on Subaru’s playful expression. “From the
sound of it, that field really is something amazing.”

 

“Hmmm.” Ricardo’s grin grew playful. “Thinking of taking yer little brother there, eh?”

 

He had expected Julius to grow flustered, but instead the knight’s answer was genuine
enough to make him sit up straighter. “If it’s really that amazing, then it would be my duty as
an older brother,” he said simply. “Joshua does love painting landscapes, after all. I’d be
remiss to deny him something that could put a look like that in someone’s eye.”

 

Ricardo didn’t think that Subaru was a difficult person to impress, really. Many simple,
mundane, everyday things could easily put a look like that in that kid’s eye. But he kept his
mouth shut: he had the feeling that could be taken as an insult if he were to say it out loud.

 

“Won’t do Joshua any harm,” he declared instead, smiling. “In fact, fresh air like that should
do him some real good, eh?”

 

Such was, after all, the entire reason they had taken him with them to Priestella.

 



“Wait,” Frederica suddenly said, growing still. “Wait, that…!

 

Garfiel’s eyes flew wide. “Holy—!”

 

[“W-W…Wow!” Emilia gasped.]

 

…Ricardo had been wrong. He reflected on this with a sheepish sort of awe as the rest of the
theater erupted around him. The flower garden blooming before their eyes really was a sight
to behold.

 

[“How about it?!” Subaru agreed enthusiastically. “I was rather surprised myself when
I first saw this, but… It really is pretty grand after all, isn’t it?”]

 

Rem could only stare in wide-eyed wonder. Much like with the white snow sakura, the sight
in front of her was enough to take her breath away — but this time instead of a field of white,
she had been greeted by a veritable explosion of vibrant, joyful colors. Whites were joined by
blues and reds and yellows, each stretching upwards towards the sky as the supported one
another in complete harmony, no hue overwhelming another as they all sang before her eyes.

 

“Ah…” she breathed.

 

In a world with Bowel Hunters, and Mabeasts, and Witch Cultists, and dark, dingy basements
where balls and chains loomed in the dark — was it also possible for such beauty to exist?

 

“Ram will take you there, once we’re out of here.”

 

Rem jolted. Her big sister had been watching her. She felt her cheeks begin to heat up. “O-
Onee-chan…”

 

“It’s a very poorly-kept secret, and a place that is even more incredible in person,” Ram said
gently. “There are many dangerous and horrible things in the world — but the world itself is



nothing for you to be afraid of, Rem.”

 

Rem felt her breathing ease. Even as she was now, just how did her older sister know her so
very well?

 

—Nonsensically, Felt suddenly remembered a conversation she’d had with Reinhard in the
garden of House Astrea, a little after the Royal Selection had first begun.

 

“Why do flowers die?” he had asked her, staring at the site of a destroyed, discarded
flowerbed. “Why don’t they keep on blooming?”

 

[“This seems to be some sort of secret garden to those brats, I really had to work hard
to get them to talk about it.”]

 

“Isn’t it because they want attention?” Felt had replied that day. “If they are always blooming
beautifully, they’ll be neglected, right? That’s why they’re always blooming and withering.”

 

Reflecting on that conversation now, Felt wondered how many other things that declaration
might apply to. Maybe Subaru’s unsightly crying into Emilia’s lap had been his version of
withering, so that someone would come and help him when he needed it. Maybe Rem’s
violent outbursts were much the same, though Felt couldn’t approve of the damage left
behind in their wake. …Perhaps there were others in her life, who were ugly and unpleasant
in a silent scream for help.

 

“Do you like flowers?” Reinhard had asked her that day. She hadn’t had an answer: she had
never spent much time with flowers before. Now Felt tilted her head, thinking of the question
of blooming and withering. What did she think of things that bloomed in sunlight and
withered in the heat?

 

Hmph.

 

[“A wonderful place like this… How did you get them to tell you about it?”]



 

“You should make a flower bed here,” she had ordered Reinhard, in the end. “Then I can
decide whether I like flowers or not.”

 

(The white snow sakura. This field of colors. There were a lot of different kinds of flowers in
this world, weren’t there…? Perhaps Felt would find some that she liked more than others, if
she ever got around to looking for them.)

 

[“Hehe, it was all for my date with you. I suppose you could say it was a bit of
compensation for letting them violate my rights as a human being for days on end.”]

 

“Violate your rights as a human being, hm?” Reinhard repeated, a generous level of
amusement on his tongue. Faced with the charming, virtuous knight, Subaru couldn’t help
but stick out his tongue.

 

Emilia giggled. That compensation had probably resulted in Subaru getting covered in
unfathomable amounts of dirt and snot, she was sure. Pitiable, certainly, but…

 

Well. Subaru certainly had once again spoiled her on that day, with the sight of a flower
garden so wonderful that it had filled her soul with such a wonderful sense of warmth. Even
now, the memory of this day was something she treasured within all her heart and soul.

 

[“Also,” Subaru suddenly said, placing something upon Emilia’s head. “This, too, is a
present from me to you, Emilia-tan.”]

 

Felt raised an eyebrow.

 

“—A crown?” Anastasia said aloud.

 

Crusch’s smile widened upon her face. Of all the crowns in the world…

 



[“Eh?” Emilia was late to react, but after a moment raised her hand to touch the gift.
“This is… An ornament, made of flowers?”]

 

There were many others that she would consider more useful, more valuable, more regal. But
somehow, Crusch thought that the charm of a crown made of flowers was something that
could perhaps be more desirable than any other crown out there.

 

[“It’s a crown of flowers, so to speak,” Subaru said in a pompous tone. “Perhaps it’s not
much compared to the real thing, but you could think of it as a rehearsal for when you
one day ascend the throne? I definitely want to give you one adorned with the finest
jewels by my own hand someday, but…” He winked. “For now, this is the best I can
do.”]

 

…For now, he said.

 

Crusch, Felt, and Anastasia all suddenly had very similar looks upon their face. What
confidence, when the race for the throne was still far from said and done!

 

“It’s a lovely crown,” Crusch said kindly. “I believe you should cherish it as your one and
only, Lady Emilia.”

 

“It is definitely a crown fit for a Lady,” Anastasia agreed sweetly. “But shouldn’t a Lady only
have the one, lest it lose its value?”

 

Felt simply grinned a fanged grin, and let that speak for itself.

 

Lady Emilia stared them all down with eyes like twin amethysts. “Subaru said that I can do
it,” she declared. “I love the crown of flowers he made for me more than any other, but more
than even that, I refuse to make a liar out of the boy who believes in me.”

 

And like that, the four Royal Candidates had once again declared their rivalry.



 

[Emilia’s eyes widened, and her cheeks turned a glorious hue. And then she smiled a
grateful, happy smile.]

 

[“Thank you, Subaru.”]

 

“Aaah,” Ricardo chuckled. It wasn’t clear if he was talking about the sight onscreen or the
scarlet-faced Subaru staring at the present-moment Emilia with wide-eyed wonder, croaking
out her name. “That sounds like a bullseye, right there.”

 

[Subaru’s breath caught in his throat, his gaze fixed on her smile. He looked as though
he had been rendered utterly helpless by the sight.]

 

Wilhelm felt as though he himself might melt at the sight of such a gentle, wonderful
moment. Bullseye, indeed.

 

[“If possible,” Emilia said, as if delivering the finishing blow to Subaru’s heart. “I’d like
to go on another ‘date’ with you sometime.”]

 

“SCORE!” Garfiel crowed, punching his fist in the air. “Well done, Captain! I mean, it was
totally sappy and ridiculous, but ya got it done, didn’t you?!”

 

Felt cackled loudly from across the room, pointing at him as she laughed. Subaru buried his
face in his hands, scarlet ears shining like twin beacons through his black hair.

 

Crusch tilted her head curiously, and then gave up and smiled. She didn’t really get it, but…

 

But that was alright. She had understood everything that really mattered.

 



Otto could feel the corners of his eyes crinkling as his face beamed wide of its own accord.
He tried to cover it up before anyone noticed, but he didn’t think he was doing a very good
job.

 

[“—No more,” Subaru bemoaned. “I’m at my limits here. I can’t stand this. Send me
back home!”]

 

[His anguished voice rising into a cry, he pounded the dining table with a fist as he
abruptly shot up from his seat.]

 

Otto’s smile abruptly slid off his face. “Natsuki-san?!” he cried out with fright.

 

“Eh?!” Tivey squeaked loudly, nearly falling backwards in his seat at the sudden shift in tone.
“Subaru?!”

 

[“Ahh, this is, the end,” Subaru whispered, spreading his arms wearily before
crumpling backwards — where Rem skillfully caught him, having been watching his
outburst curiously alongside Ram and Emilia.]

 

“Wha— What’s happening?!” Garfiel shouted, suddenly sounding very scared. “Why is—
Captain, what’s wrong?!”

 

“Could be Elsa back for another round, couldn’t it?!” Rachins exclaimed worriedly. “She said
she’d be back, didn’t she?!”

 

“No,” Ram said quickly. “No, it wasn’t—”

 

Rem blinked, as she had been listening to her big sister, and Felt relaxed slightly as well, but
they were among the few. For the rest of the room—

 



“What does he mean he can’t take it anymore?” Julius demanded. “What— What is it that he
can’t take anymore, after all of—?”

 

“Well—” Beatrice tried.

 

“It must be something bad,” Hetaro moaned. “It must be very, very…!”

 

“It’s really not—!” Emilia exclaimed, trying to make her voice heard.

 

“Why are you two just sitting there?!” Frederica cried, swept up in the panic engulfing the
theater. “Why are—?!”

 

“DO something!” Mimi all shrieked. “Useless big sister, why are you just—?!”

 

“All of you, CALM DOWN!!!”

 

Everyone froze. Subaru groaned loudly, pinching the bridge of his nose.

 

“It’s nothing like what you’re thinking,” he muttered. “I was just — being an idiot, is all…”

 

[“Please be careful, Subaru-kun,” Rem was scolding, pulling back his chair and
skillfully lowering him back into his seat. “Rem will worry if Subaru-kun pushes
himself too hard while recovering.”]

 

“—Ah,” Rem said, her cheeks suddenly flushing hot.

 

“O-Oh,” Ram said. Felt raised an eyebrow. In fact, most of the room was…

 



Rem really couldn’t blame them. In fact, she believed that she herself was probably feeling
more caught off-guard than any of the others. With how her old self was patting Subaru’s
slumped shoulders, affectionately tracing a finger across Subaru’s jawline from behind—

 

[Rem’s excessive skinship has been the norm for the last few days, Subaru reflected. With
her declaring she’d “see to Subaru-kun around the clock while he recovers,” this level of
intimacy’s become an everyday occurrence.]

 

“That’s…” Emilia trailed off, looking uneasy.

 

“Ferris is a little like that,” Crusch said slowly. “So, perhaps this isn’t all that…”

 

“Ferri-chan never tortured nyew in the forest for several hours, Cruschie,” Ferris muttered
quietly. The comparison between him and Rem made his skin prickle uncomfortably, not the
least of which because he himself had drawn that connection not too long ago himself.
“Please don’t say that it’s the same situation.”

 

Felt grimaced. The fact remained that Rem had not done any such thing, from her perspective
— but the fact ALSO remained that Subaru remembered those hours all the same. Both
factors had to be taken into account, here.

 

[“No, no, no,” Subaru muttered aloud, shaking his head weakly as he coldly unraveled
her finger from his chin. “That’s not it… This is way more serious.”]

 

[Thus, after carefully shoving away any stray dishes, Subaru gravely collapsed onto the
table.]

 

Tivey snorted. “You had to clear the dishes away first, huh?” he teased.

 

“Is it not the considerate thing to do?” Julius pointed out.

 



Hetaro snickered. His little brother just shook his head.

 

[“‘Are you alright? Please tell me what’s wrong. I’ll do anything I can to help.’ —Isn’t
that your line, Emilia-tan?” Subaru prodded, upturning his fluttering eyes to his Lady
as he appealed to her sympathies.]

 

Ricardo broke out cackling. “Not the puppy-dog eyes!” he howled, clapping his hands
together.

 

Wilhelm tried desperately to quiet himself, to mask it as a series of coughs, but even he
couldn’t help but nearly cry with laughter at the sight of those villainous eyes turned so. The
sight of the normally stern and stoic figure turning away from Subaru while fighting in vain
to stop cackling was enough to make Crusch fall over in a fit of giggles herself.

 

Reinhard felt his upper lip quivering at the sight of Subaru’s sad-looking face. Those angular,
scary-looking eyes being made woeful and beckoning like that brought a unique sort of
charm to that face, and that charm alongside the fact that he already quite liked Subaru made
him feel like he’d do just about anything those eyes asked of him. Wasn’t that right? What
was wrong, Subaru? If he were to tell him, Reinhard was sure that he could figure out a way
to make it right…!

 

Subaru stared in speechless horror, his eyes flitting between Wilhelm’s howling figure and
Reinhard’s utterly entranced expression. He didn’t know which reaction was worse.

 

[“I’d tire myself out if I kept going along with Subaru like that,” Emilia replied
ruthlessly, bringing a forkful of her salad to her lips as she watched over his dramatics
with little urgency. “You know, if you do this too much, people will stop hearing you
out.”]

 

Emilia giggled slightly. She remembered feeling as though she had gotten used to Subaru by
this point, regarding both his dramatics and his habit of sitting next to her at the dining table.

 

…Really, though, her amusement was short-lived. It hadn’t been anything that bad this time,
she already knew that — but what if it really had been something worth reacting to with



alarm? After all, more than she had ever even realized, Subaru was always getting so hurt—!

 

[“Sniff, so strict,” Subaru openly sulked. “But that cold side-face is cute too…damnit.”]

 

"Not hard to please," Crusch noted.

 

"He'd be thrilled with anything Lady Emilia did," Otto sighed. "Anything."

 

[“Yes, yes!” Rem energetically raised her hand. “Rem will listen to what Subaru-kun
has to say. Rem will do it. Please order her. And when she succeeds, Rem doesn’t mind
having her head petted, yes?”]

 

Garfiel choked. "Wha—?! Great Od, Rem!" he exclaimed.

 

He wasn't the only one. Half the theater had been sent reeling by Rem's sudden enthusiasm
— Rem herself most of all. Wha… she thought to herslef faintly. What the…?! Talk about a
change of tone!

 

[“Praise me, praise me,” Subaru reflected faintly, somewhat overwhelmed. That’s all she
seems to say nowadays. And right now, she’s like a puppy excitedly wagging its tail…]

 

[Smothered by Rem’s excessive appeals, Subaru further collapses onto the table,
devolving into a shaky, mangled mess.]

 

"Of all the people to call someone else puppy-like…" Ferris teased. "What is it with nyer lack
of self-awarenyess, Subaru-kyun?"

 

Ricardo fought back a laugh. Rem was trying so hard, and yet it was Emilia's effortless figure
that had become the full center of Subaru's attention. Such was the unfairness of life, he
supposed.



 

[“But you know…” The softhearted Emilia’s voice grew concerned. “You really do look
like you’re struggling this time.”]

 

[Rem sucked in a breath. “Could it be, after-effects from the curse…!”]

 

"It's not, it's not!" Subaru shouted hastily. "I'm not— It's so much stupider than that,
seriously! I'm not— It's done with now, that whole period of my life ended back on that fifth
morning, so you guys don't have to look so scared!"

 

Rem wasn't sure what she could believe from that boy anymore, and so she ignored his
insistence and watched with bated breath. If yet again, he had—!

 

[Emilia had plucked her sleepy Great Spirit out from her hair with her finger and
thumb and set him on the table in front of the miserable servant. Puck briefly rubbed
his eyes, and then sniffed about Subaru’s face.]

 

[“Hmm…it doesn’t seem like anything Lia needs to worry about?” he concluded calmly,
lightly slapping Subaru’s face with his paws. “Subaru’s mana is exhausted, so his
vitality is pretty low, but other than that it’s the same as always.”]

 

Nearly everyone in the theater collapsed with relief at that declaration. Hearing it from
Subaru was different from seeing it themselves, after all.

 

Julius was among them. Thank goodness. He didn't think his heart could take it, if that had
come back to—

 

[“AUAUAA—!” Puck suddenly cried.]

 

[Subaru had grabbed Puck with his shaky fingers, beginning his most aggressive
fluffing rampage yet.]



 

Julius shrieked loudly. This, more than the actual sight onscreen, caused half the room to
burst into howls of laughter.

 

"Subaru-sama!" Frederica snapped. Otto shouted something similar. Garfiel just joined in the
loud cackles that were quickly filling the room.

 

Emilia merely giggled: Subaru and Puck could be so very silly, couldn't they?

 

"—Ya don't look quite so amused," Anastasia noted. After a moment, she grinned and
prodded him further. "Embarrassed?" she teased. "Of all the things to do to a Great Spirit,
after all…"

 

"Ah, yeah, that's kinda it." Subaru gave himself a shake. "Of course, he was fine, though: you
can't destroy a Great Spirit by floofing him to death, after all."

 

Anastasia laughed. She supposed not.

 

(She felt her scarf twitch under her fingers with annoyance. Yeah, that's right, she grinned. I
was thinking of YOU.)

 

“Great Spirit aside," Crush pressed. Her voice was stern. "You do understand that you cannot
treat a real animal like that, right?”

 

Subaru recoiled. “I would never!” he exclaimed, sounding horribly offended. “Just what sort
of monster do you take me for?! Of course I’d never mistreat a small animal like that!”

 

Puck was a special case, because he was a spirit that could be squeezed and poked and
prodded with little more than a feeling of annoyance, more like a living stuffed animal than a
real cat. A real cat — Subaru wasn’t a great person, he would admit that, but he was
definitely not the sort of guy who’d go and hurt animals for fun!



 

Ricardo raised an eyebrow. Crusch had mainly asked that out of concern for what a real
animal would do to Subaru in response to him attempting to treat them like this, he knew, but
it seemed that Subaru had taken it another way entirely. He had to stifle a giggle.

 

[Emilia ignored Puck’s cries, breathing a sigh of relief. But that didn’t mean they had
no leads on what was wrong…]

 

[“Trembling fingertips, shallow breathing…” Roswaal noted, his hand on his chin. “My,
it’s aaalmost as if he’s suffering from withdrawal. Possibly from some hiiighly addictive
narcotic.”]

 

“Narcotics?!” Tivey exclaimed.

 

Hetaro frowned. “We would know if Subaru used something like that by now, right?”

 

“I don’t even think Subaru’s hometown had addictive drugs in the first place,” Ricardo
pointed out. Several people nodded in agreement.

 

“I can’t help but feel that you guys have developed a very skewed image of my homeland,”
Subaru said, bemused.

 

[“Once a user stops taaaking such highly addictive substances, these sort of symptoms
tend to occur,” Roswaal declared, pulling back his chin. “Of course, even in the royal
capital, their use is increeedibly prohibited.”]

 

“I dunno,” Ferris mused. “Maybe nyot nyarcotics, but I wouldn’t be surprised if Subaru-
kyun’s hometown regularly used sedatives and more pleasant sorts of hallucinogens…?”

 

“What the hell is THAT supposed to mean?!"

 



[“With no background, he was already suspicious,” Ram said. “But to use illegal
narcotics, Ram misjudged you, Barusu. Rem, move aside, your sister can’t kill him.”]

 

The entire theater startled at the sudden violent threat.

 

“Wha—?!” Rem exclaimed more loudly than anyone, recoiling from the meteor. “Wha—
Onee-cha— RAM—!”

 

“It was a joke!” Ram clarified hastily. She was deflating slightly. “Or… It was meant to be a
joke.”

 

The fact that she had, in fact, killed him… It put a bit of a damper on comments like that,
didn’t it?

 

[“So you’re immediately doubting me, huh.” Subaru smiled wryly. “Then again, I guess
that’s the Ram-like thing to do here.”]

 

…The Ram-like thing to do, huh?

 

Subaru watched Ram’s face from across the room. He had no idea what he could say to make
her feel better. He cursed his pitiful self for his useless nature. Why was he even here?

 

[So, something drug-like exists even here. Though their treatment as taboo seems to be the
same as well…]

 

Ricardo raised an eyebrow. They had drugs where Subaru came from, then?

 

Ferris frowned. So everyone wasn't getting high all the time in Subaru's hometown?

 



Crusch and Anastasia exchanged exhausted glances. Their retainers could be ridiculous
sometimes, couldn't they?

 

Watching this entire silent four-way exchange, Emilia couldn't help but giggle into her hand.

 

[I feel like it goes without saying that, even back in my old world, I never lived such an
underground lifestyle, Subaru reflected. At worst, I lived the underdog life of a lonely
NEET.]

 

Ricardo frowned. “NEET?” he asked aloud. “The hell does that mean?”

 

Nobody answered him, mostly because the majority of the rest of the room didn't have an
answer either.

 

[Thus, such narcotics are unrelated to this. Unrelated— but the “withdrawal symptoms”
Roswaal spoke of are an exceedingly good lead. Truthfully, I am indeed suffering from
something like withdrawal.]

 

"What." Ricardo said.

 

Many people around him had gone still as well, staring at the meteor with expressions of
utter confusion.

 

Ram pinched the bridge of her nose, exhaling slowly. Of all the suspicous ways to refer to
craving something entirely benign…!

 

"You know," she muttered to herself. "Sometimes I think you're not even trying, Subaru."

 

[My body, my very soul, it years eternally for—]

 



[“...aise,” he muttered faintly, still aggressively fluffing Puck. “I need it.”]

 

[Everyone’s eyes abruptly flitted to the collapsed heap of his body.]

 

"What?" Felt frowned. Was it a kind of drug after all? Subaru didn't seem like the type, but
you could never really tell just by looking at someone.

 

…If it WAS a kind of drug — would they even have anything in Lugunica that could
replicate its effects in the first place?

 

Felt grew still. Depending on what kind of substance they were talking about, being forced to
sober up out of the blue like that could be lethal. Nothing had happened yet, but if Subaru
really HAD been addicted to something, then even if those withdrawal symptoms had taken
this long to kick in—!

 

[“Subaru…?” Emilia prodded, moving forward to lean her ear towards his face. She
was the only one to have heard him, even barely, but she couldn’t quite make it out.]

 

[(On Subaru’s other side, Rem pouted in dissatisfaction. My head was tilted away, so I
didn’t hear…!)]

 

Rem giggled slightly at her old self's own thoughts peeking through the meteor. Even with all
this newfound effort of hers, it was Emilia who had somehow picked out the most important
detail. Was that right?

 

In any case, it was — really very jarring, but also rather fun to see her old self so incredibly
animated with explosive, overwhelming affection towards a new person that had stumbled
into her life. Especially when that person was someone so fundamentally good as Natsuki
Subaru.

 

(A great shadow loomed over this enthusiastic display, of course. Rem tried her best to ignore
it, if only because she did not want to spoil her mood.)



 

[But, as if betraying Emilia’s efforts, Subaru’s eyes suddenly burst into shine and he
flung himself up like a spring.]

 

[“—MAYONNAISE!!” Subaru howled to the heavens. “I NEED IT!!”]

 

Garfiel’s concern abruptly faded away, and he threw back his head in loud laughter.

 

Otto stared at the meteor, now reflecting the bewildered eyes of the onlookers alongside
Subaru’s ambushed expression, with a look of utter disbelief dawning across his face. “…
THAT’s what this is about?!” he demanded.

 

[Natsuki Subaru is a genuine [Mayo Lover], a venerable title granted only to those who
love mayonnaise above all else, Subaru reflected solemnly. An army of culinary heretics,
topping every food imaginable with mayonnaise — commonly referred to as “mayo-ing,”
came to the world alongside the title of “Mayo Lover,” — is our justice…!]

 

“—What is ‘mayonnaise,’ exactly?” Crusch frowned.

 

Felt tilted her head. “It sounds like…a kind of food?”

 

Anastasia just giggled, piecing “mayonnaise”’s meaning together easily. A type of culinary
ingredient, widely adored as something to put over a variety of foods…yes, it wasn’t hard to
piece together what it was this boy had been thinking about.

 

To see Subaru so childishly whimpering over missing a kind of condiment he liked…!

 

[My history with mayonnaise dates back as far as the lactation period. Alongside myself,
the entire Natsuki household is utterly enthralled by mayonnaise.]

 



“Oh.” And just like that, all the amusement drained out of Anastasia’s face. “I get it,” she
murmured.

 

Mimi frowned at the oddly somber look on her Lady’s face, which seemed very much out of
place beside Subaru’s ridiculous behavior. “Boss Lady?” she asked.

 

[To have a meal without bottles of it set aside is simply unimaginable. —Cramming the
refrigerator with reserve mayonnaise was a given. Each member also marks their name on
their own personal bottles. Slurping mayonnaise straight from the bottle after a bath, the
so-called [Mayo-chuchu], had been a daily occurrence as well.]

 

Ricardo frowned. “So, it’s like…a cold drink?” he asked.

 

Having been made intimately aware of mayonnaise over the past year, Otto stared at the
meteor with a look of horror. “Is the entire Natsuki family insane?” he whispered.

 

“It’s— Well—” Garfiel tried to stand up for his Captain, but found himself unable to form the
necessary words to defend the thought of someone drinking a cup of the condiment like a
glass of milk. “…Sorry, Captain,” he finally said, voice somewhere between revolted and
painfully apologetic.

 

“—Lady Anastasia?” Hetaro prodded, looking both curious and worried at her sudden
sobriety.

 

“What is it?” Tivey asked. He sounded more worried than curious.

 

“…Remember when we first moved here from Kararagi,” Anastasia said after a moment.
“And a few days after, you three missed daisukiyaki so much, ya said ya couldn’t go on
without it?”

 

[Fried chicken with mayo. Salad with, of course, mayo. Gyoza and fries and dessert
all with mayo. When you’re troubled, add mayo. If you’re bored, add mayo. —As a proud,



natural-born Mayo Lover, I live by this code of conduct, and yet for me it’s been a whole
month without my essential nutrient, my veritable soulmate…!]

 

“Oh,” Mimi said. Neither her nor her brothers looked quite so amused anymore.

 

“Ah,” Crusch said quietly. “I get it, too.”

 

Ferris turned away slightly, his mirth about the situation having abruptly drained away.
Ricardo felt similarly awkward. After all, that sort of despair was a little too personal to make
fun of, wasn’t it?

 

Felt grimaced, feeling something unpleasant. Next to her, however, Rachins had a very
strange look on his face. He both related to it deeply and didn’t relate at all: after all, hadn’t
he at least parted ways with his family by choice? Subaru’s situation was worse, because at
least Rachins had been able to make that decision for himself — but at the same time, at least
Subaru hadn’t been the one to blame.

 

“Lady Anastasia,” Julius clarified softly. “You’re saying that this is really about…”

 

“He’s homesick,” Anastasia confirmed quietly. “And unlike with us…”

 

Unlike with her, Ricardo, the Pearlbatons, and Kararagi, Subaru would likely never be able to
go back home again.

 

[Spirit wearing away, fingers trembling, tongue begging for oil and calories, eyesight
blurry and failing — these are the withdrawal symptoms of a Mayo Lover. They ruthlessly
eat away at my body, forcefully dragging me deep into a sea of agony…!]

 

Emilia swallowed, and found herself needing to avert her eyes: they were filling with tears
far too fast. With that context, wasn’t that monologue of Subaru’s just far too sad?

 



[“—And that is the White Lover, Mayonnaise.”]

 

[Subaru finished this overdramatic speech with a curt bow before promptly collapsing
back into his chair.]

 

[“So…” After a long moment of trying to digest — this — Emiilia crossed her arms.
“Basically, you’re quibbling over a condiment you liked?”]

 

Emilia flinched.

 

Garfiel noticed. “Lady Emilia,” he murmured. “You couldn’t have known.”

 

Otto pressed his lips together. That was right. That was right — because even now, Subaru
wasn’t telling anyone the real truth about what he was going through. He wished he could
punch Subaru in the face again for that, but alas.

 

[“Emilia-tan, you just don’t understand!!” Subaru slammed his fists into the table in a
rage. Still clutched tightly, Puck made a shrill squeaking sound.]

 

“SUBARU!” Julius snapped.

 

Ferris snorted, albeit a little more subdued than before. “I can’t believe that spirit is putting
up with that,” he snickered.

 

[“To a Mayo Lover, even a day without mayonnaise is a glimpse of hell itself. And I’ve
suffered twenty…” He paused, and then corrected himself. “No, a whole week of it.”]

 

The entire room flinched violently at that correction. Ferris’ small smile slipped away once
more.

 



Otto really, really wanted to punch Subaru in the face again for this one.

 

[“A normal person would’ve gone mad by now. It’s only because of my inhuman mental
fortitude that I’ve survived up until now, but… I’m at my limits.”]

 

Someone hissed loudly. Otto buried his face in his hands.

 

In the present, Subaru wished he had been just a little more careful with his words.

 

[“A-Aren’t you just exaggerating? About going mad, and…”]

 

Emilia scowled. The idea of doubting Subaru’s agony, even for a moment…!

 

It didn’t matter how ridiculous it sounded on the outset. From now on, she would accept any
strife or wound he voiced to her with an open hand and an open heart. And if he couldn’t tell
her everything, for whatever reason it may be, then she would make do with the little that he
could bring himself to say.

 

[“If I was acting, would my hands and feet be trembling like this…?” Subaru moaned.
“Please believe me, Emilia-tan. Without mayonnaise, my body can’t survive.”]

 

Normally, Julius would have rolled his eyes. Now he just felt bad.

 

Subaru had a tendency to exaggerate his woes for humorous effect, but that didn’t mean the
pain wasn’t real on some level or other. And the pain of homesickness for a place to which
you would never be able to return…

 

His hometown had been flooded, and himself the only survivor. It wasn’t the same thing, he
knew, but Julius also knew the pain of missing his mother’s home-cooked meals far, far too
well.



 

[It’s commonly said that the oils in mayonnaise are akin to pure endorphins, Subaru
declared solemnly. Consuming this substance channels the purest of pleasures directly to
the brain, giving birth to the Mayo Lover. Thus, Roswaal’s guess is very close to the mark:
to myself, quitting mayonnaise causes a strain not unlike withdrawal symptoms…!]

 

Emilia remembered feeling very taken aback by his uncharacteristic seriousness about
something that sounded so very silly, especially when Subaru had always seemed to maintain
a frivolous attitude in front of her. That passion, that unrivaled obsession, that face as though
his very life was on the line… Even now, she could see the great shame spreading across her
face for how she had laughed at them, trivialized them.

 

Felt could only shake her head, watching as the silver-haired half-elf fell completely into the
palm of Subaru’s hand.

 

[“Well, even without mayonnaise, food is still delicious, very delicious even,” Subaru
was saying, pointing to each dish on the table with a look of anguish on his face. “This
thing that tastes like bread, and this soup-like liquid, that bowl of pseudo-salad, coupled
with a dubiously water-ish beverage, it all tastes delicious, incredibly delicious. But—”
He cradled his head in his hands. “It isn’t mayonnaise.”]

 

"Thing that tastes like bread?" Garfiel repeated.

 

"Soup-like liquid?" Mimi frowned.

 

"Bowl of pseudo-salad?" Wilhelm winced.

 

"Dubiously water-ish beverage?" Rachins cringed.

 

Everything being just a little bit off, to the point where even the most simple of things tasted
just a little to the left… Old Man Rom grimaced. It was really no wonder that Subaru had
succombed to such potent homesickness, if even THAT was different.



 

"Subaru…" Julius trailed off. He wasn't really sure what to do, here. Should he try to
replicate that taste that seemed lost between worlds? Should he search for new and interesting
things that would not have appeared in this boy's hometown at all? Should he simply offer a
shoulder, if Subaru ever felt like he needed it? They wouldnt be here forever, so when they
got out of here, what should he…?

 

[“It’s all prickly—” Puck complained, now trapped between Subaru’s right hand and
his head. And yet Subaru, lost deep in his sorrow, could not hear him.]

 

Julius was going to strangle that boy the moment he could get his hands on him.

 

[The greed of man knows no limits, Subaru reflected solemnly. Since coming to this
world, my only desire was for these peaceful days to continue. To stand at Emilia’s side, to
be surrounded by happy, smiling faces, to live each day peacefully and uneventfully.]

 

That was a nice desire, really. Crusch couldn’t fault anyone for having such a peaceful life as
their greatest wish, although she did have some concerns about some of the faces that he was
content about filling that space. But she didn’t see a problem with wanting more than that,
either. Especially when the “greedy” wish was simply to eat his favorite food from his
hometown once again.

 

Ferris leaned backwards, uncomfortable. He didn’t know why he was uncomfortable,
however, and that made him feel all the more frustrated.

 

[Having desperately clawed beyond times of pain and despair, my inner NEET dreamed
only of peace…]

 

That word again. Ricardo's frown deepened. Just what was it, and why did Subaru define
himself as…?

 

[But after overcoming crisis after crisis and reaching these precious days, I’m
overwhelmed by an insatiable hunger, screaming “it’s not enough!” —Disgusting. This



ruinous human greed, is utterly disgusting.]

 

“Ah…” Reinhard smiled awkwardly. Uneasily. “I… I don’t think there’s anything wrong with
wanting food you like, Subaru,” he said tentatively. He felt like he had maybe missed
something important.

 

Frederica just sighed. All those dramatics… Really, Subaru could be such a little boy
sometimes. It was charming, in an annoying sort of way.

 

That attitude did remind Beatrice of someone from a long, long time ago. Not enough, never
enough, constantly striving for more and more and more…

 

Her heart squeezed painfully in her chest.

 

[Aren’t I supposed to be satisfied with these peaceful days? Those which I so desired, and
then finally grasped?]

 

Felt scoffed. “Supposed” to be satisfied, what a ridiculous assertion. If you were then you
were, and if you weren’t then you’d fight for what you wanted until you finally reached it.
That was how it worked.

 

Not that it was relevant to the desire for something like a condiment, of course, but Rom had
come to see a satisfaction with peaceful days as a sign of great maturity — and something he
had come to understand far, far too late in life. …In that  way, Subaru was likely one of the
most mature people he’d met in the long, long years of his life.

 

It would be easier if Subaru were the type to be satisfied by peaceful days. But unfortunately,
Julius was certain that Subaru was the type who would never be satisfied unless he was
bringing about untold amounts of mischief at random hours of the day. He shook his head
slowly.

 

[Satisfied with this gift, can’t I just sink back into sloth and complacency?]



 

“N-No…?” Wilhelm said that in an attempt to be supportive, but he was so confused that it
came out as more of a question. He felt as though this conversation had gotten away from
him at some point. Was Subaru still talking about “mayonnaise”?

 

Otto rolled his eyes. “Slothful,” “complacent” — those were two words that didn’t describe
Subaru even the slightest bit, whatever Subaru himself might declare.

 

[“—No. Absolutely not.” That voice doesn’t sound like my own at all, but it is… My own
booming voice, pushing me on…!]

 

Mimi leaned forward, eyes sparkling. That was right. That was right: if he wanted something,
then he would need to reach out and grab it! Wasn’t that what Boss Lady had always said?!

 

Rachins’ eyebrow had raised up and up and up, and now it was just about at his hairline. With
him focusing on what was, at the end of the day, a condiment — wasn’t this a little too
overdramatic?

 

[Advance, advance, advance— Toward an insatiable greed.]

 

Tivey could already feel a headache coming on. Grimacing, he rubbed at his temples.

 

[Onward, onward, onward— past the coveted days I strived to claim, go forth beyond and
aim for more.]

 

Hetaro looked from his older sister to his younger brother, between excitement and
exhaustion, and found himself desperately fighting down laughter.

 

[Thus, my pursuit continues, Subaru concluded silently. After escaping the endless loop of
deaths, saving the twins and Roswaal from disaster, and reaching the promised date with
Emilia… Now is the time to dream a new dream.]



 

Emilia swallowed. Even before he had opened his eyes that first morning in the manor, she
had already put him through so, so much just by bringing him with her to the Estate. Did that
make everything her fault, in the end?

 

She couldn’t really forget that. She knew that Subaru didn’t want her to linger on that
thinking, but she just couldn’t put it out of her mind. She cared for him so, so much, and
yet…!

 

Garfiel shifted uneasily. He had always loved stories of heroes, but the way that Subaru had
phrased that — not like his own experiences, but like something out of a folktale — it rubbed
him the wrong way, in a manner that he hadn’t expected. Captain was awesome, he had
always known that, but…didn’t that sort of language kind of take away from the reality of
Subaru’s situation?

 

[“I was aimless, goalless, lacking a purpose in life,” Subaru declared. “But now, this is
my new dream… That is, to bring mayonnaise to this world. What’s, wrong, with,
that.”]

 

[To bring the [white fairy] to the dinner table, that is my new purpose…!]

 

“It…” Rem felt so completely lost. “It is…?”

 

Ram just sighed. Subaru wanted so little, but the little he did want were things he desired
with every last part of himself. It was like listening to a dog’s ravenous yearning for nothing
more than squirrels or afternoon walks.

 

Anastasia held back a laugh. Recreating a favorite meal was such a simple goal, really. But
Subaru’s desires always were so very simple, weren’t they? Most importantly, simple or not,
Anastasia could never look down upon someone for wanting something with all their heart.

 

Subaru could only turn away, humiliation coloring his face a brilliant hue. Of all the
ridiculous, overdramatic…!



 

[“Understood,” Rem declared, her eyes sparkling. “Subaru-kun’s request, please leave
it to Rem.”]

 

“Ah?” Reinhard tilted his head.

 

Felt snorted. “Dunno why ya look so surprised by that,” she said, leaning her chin against her
hand. “Obviously that’s what she was going to say.”

 

[“In the first place, the task of managing the manor’s kitchen falls to Rem,” Ram was
wheedling. “If Rem’s cooking can’t satisfy Subaru-kun, it’s Rem’s duty to take
appropriate measures. —Isn’t that right?”]

 

Old Man Rom chuckled. Emilia and her obsession with favors and non-favors, Subaru and
his “one good deed a day,” and now Rem and her duties as a maid. None of these people were
very good at masking their true intentions, were they?

 

[“You…” Subaru’s wet eyes looked upwards towards Rem. “You will do this with me,
Rem!”]

 

[Lately, she‘s been going out of her way to fulfill absolutely any request I ask of her,
Subaru reflected. Out of gratitude, and probably for a slew of other reasons… Well, she
simply will not abandon me in my time of need, will she?!]

 

Emilia’s eyes widened. “Subaru?!”

 

“Ah—” Subaru face turned red. It was a different quality than the flustered scarlet that had
become a common sight however: this was the hue of genuine shame. “I…” he managed.
“Rem, I—”

 



“It’s fine, Subaru,” Rem answered quickly. “Rem is the one who offered first, remember? I’m
sure that I was thrilled to do something like that for you. Don’t feel sorry for taking
something that I gave to you with a smile. Please.”

 

Subaru slowly closed his mouth again, and Rem turned back to the meteor.

 

…So Subaru WAS capable of something like that, then. For some reason, that made Rem feel
more relieved than anything else.

 

“—Ah?” Wilhelm raised an eyebrow. Subaru…had planned to take advantage of Rem’s guilt
and affection?

 

…Wilhelm had promised to give him grace, at the very start, and that promise was still in
effect. Even if that wasn’t the case, furthermore, this was such a very minor sort of
naughtiness, especially compared to— to what these girls had done to HIM, and more than
once.

 

Putting such judgements aside completely, however… Just how desperate had Subaru been
for a taste of home?

 

Subaru should be taking advantage of people more often, really: that was what Anastasia
thought. People took advantage and were taken advantage of, as was the way of the world.
Subaru allowed himself to be taken advantage of all the time, so wasn’t it only right to do
some taking of his own?

 

Especially because the opportunity to give the person you cared about something you knew
they truly, genuinely wanted for their own sake… Anastasia wondered if Subaru realized
what a gift that opportunity was to most people, all on its own.

 

[“Let us do it, Subaru-kun,” Rem declared, spreading out her arms. “Now, about the
recipe…”]

 



[“—eh?” Subaru said.]

 

The theater screeched to a halt.

 

[“—eh?” Rem said.]

 

Everyone turned towards the meteor. Aside from those belonging to the individuals who had
been present that day, equal looks of disbelief could be seen spreading across every face in
the room.

 

[And like that’s facing each other, Rem and Subaru froze solid, jaws slacked open and
staring back at each other like fools.]

 

“…You’re kidding,” Felt said flatly, breaking the silence of the theater. “After all that— Big
Bro. Big Bro, you are KIDDING.”

 

Subaru shrugged, a sheepish look on his face. Otto groaned and buried his face in his hands.

 

[“It’s too heavy—” Puck protested, still squashed between Subaru’s hand and the
dining table, his grumbling the only sound in the cold silence of the dining hall.]

 

Julius gritted his teeth at the sight. Subaru…!

 

Mimi could only giggle at the look on the knight’s face. Her two brothers sighed with odd,
equal senses of resignation.

 

[“‘Oh, my body can’t survive without it,’ he says,” Ram teased him later, as the two of
them got to work wiping down the dining hall after breakfast. “Such big talk without
even knowing the recipe. How appalling.”]

 



Old Man Rom groaned softly, slowly shaking his head with amused exasperation. Ram
wasn’t wrong. …But, those sort of dramatics were somewhat charming, when it was Subaru
taking part in them.

 

(Though if Subaru continued to behave that brazenly towards the Beast of the End, Julius was
fairly certain he was going to have a seizure. The friendly relationship between the boy and
Puck aside, Julius was going to need to have a very long talk with Subaru after this about
basic self-preservation instincts.)

 

[“I won’t deny that. But as I was saying, do you perfectly understand your favorite
dish’s recipe? Don’t change the topic on me.”]

 

[“Ram’s favorites are everything Rem makes. And since Rem knows the recipes, Ram
doesn’t need to. It’s different from Barusu and that mayo-whatever that nobody’s heard
of.”]

 

Garfiel huffed with amusement. This usual banter between Ram and Captain, something that
didn’t quite amount to an argument… It was always pleasant to watch, really.

 

“Well,” Frederica chuckled. “You went out of your way to learn your beloved sister’s recipe
for steamed tatoes eventually, didn’t you…?”

 

[In contrast to my abnormally slow pace, retrieving the silverware, Ram transfers the
tableware to the cart with a trained hand… Subaru reflected, somewhat self-conscious.
And yet she’s waiting on me without complaint.]

 

Ram frowned. “Of course I did,” she said, almost in disbelief. “What other behavior could
you have expected from —?”

 

But Subaru could have expected any sort of dishonorable reaction to his injured self, couldn’t
he? He could have expected her to rush ahead of him, kick him when he tried to keep up and
then spit in his face when he was down, and Ram wouldn’t have been allowed to show
offense to that assumption at all. After all, she had already—



 

“Finally, he jumped.”

 

[Objectively, this routine is terribly inefficient, but simple chores like this are part of my
rehabilitation. That was decided days ago, at my own insistence, so…]

 

Ram swallowed, thinking of Rem and her needless suffering brought by her guilt over a
fleeting thought. Such an attitude was as counterproductive as it was ridiculous, she saw that
clearly now. And most of all, she didn’t want to force that despair of hers onto Subaru. Her
sins were her own — as was the guilt, and the shame, and the weight of atonement, and
everything else that came along with them.

 

But—

 

“My sister is too kind.”

 

But Rem hadn’t done anything but had a fleeting thought brought about by the worthless
adults in their hidden village: a hidden thought that she had immediately regretted and
brushed aside, never allowing herself even the callousness of voicing it aloud. Ram had done
much, much more than humor a simple fleeting thought, and there were some actions in this
world that she simply could not allow herself to forgive.

 

“You really should have just rested,” Julius muttered, frowning. “After being injured like
that…”

 

If it had been Joshua, Julius wouldn’t have allowed him to refuse bedrest for at least a week.
…The very thought of his little brother having been put in such a position in the first place
was enough to break him into a cold sweat.

 

“Stupid, stubborn little boy,” Mimi muttered. “—Don’t pretend you’re any better, though,
Julius.”

 



Julius didn’t hear her.

 

[Originally, Rem grandly declared herself as my aide, Subaru recalled with amusement.
But since she manages roughly ninety percent of the work around the manor she was
instantly rejected, and Ram openly volunteered in her stead. Rem’s absence from her usual
work would be a massive blow to the daily upkeep, after all…]

 

“Ya think she’d be aware of something like that,” Anastasia muttered, looking a little sour. “If
not for the sake of her own self-esteem, then at least for the necessary upkeep of the Manor.“

 

But she supposed that was the consequence of the disease known as inferiority: it blinded a
person to their true place in their environment, leaving them unable to act as their own best
selves as a result.

 

Crusch frowned. She had been thinking something similar, but Anastasia was being far too
harsh, wasn’t she? Rem was just a girl, after all.

 

[“If only she was more self-aware about that,” Subaru lamented with a sigh as he wiped
down the table. “It’d definitely help her self-esteem.”]

 

[Ram doesn’t slack off, but there‘s an undeniable difference in ability. And yet Rem’s self-
deprecating nature refuses to change… Subaru pursed his lips. In a sense, her self-worth
comes not from within, but from others— with myself as the main provider, as of late.]

 

Emilia exhaled slowly. She would be lying, if she said that she didn’t understand the trap of
getting lost in the ever-critical gazes of the people surrounding her. She couldn’t call it a
blessing, but perhaps there was something to be said about how that ever-present hatred of
silver-haired half-elves had forced her to go against the tide from the very start, never
allowing her to use the opinions of others as a crutch for her own self-esteem.

 

That was an accurate observation of the young maid, yes. Wilhelm let out a sigh. It was one
of the usual pitfalls of youth, to place one’s value entirely in the eyes of those surrounding
them, but Rem was a rather extreme example of that common folly. He hoped that she would
learn to manage that flaw of hers with age and time.



 

Though considering what he already knew would happen to the maid onscreen in just a little
while, perhaps this version of the girl had not been given quite enough of either to come into
her own. How regretful.

 

Rem grimaced. She couldn’t say she approved of that pathetic sort of attitude, no.

 

[Her recent praise-seeking behavior could be seen as a sort of progress…]

 

Felt grimaced. “That’s not…”

 

Crusch was thinking something similar: that such an assumption wasn’t really true. With her
still demanding the validation of those around her instead of summoning it from within her
own soul, Rem’s core problem remained the exact same as before.

 

…Perhaps it was still progress in her reaching for what she thought she needed as opposed to
suffering in silence. She only hoped that the girl would improve further as she went forth.

 

[“Then again, the 24/7 barrage of [How is it?], [Did Rem do well?], [It isn’t strange, is
it?], [Is it tasty, Subaru-kun?], [Rem doesn’t mind being praised, yes?], [Praise me,
praise me, praise me] is really wearing me out.”]

 

Rem cringed at the very thought. She couldn’t tell whether it was more out of stress at the
idea of being placed in such a position herself or embarrassment at the thought of herself
putting on such a display.

 

[I myself am allowing it and all, but the weight with which Rem has been leaning on me
lately is immense and crushing…!]

 

Anastasia scowled. All that talk about wanting to help Subaru recover, and it seemed that she
herself was quickly becoming the greatest obstacle precisely because of her self-serving



overbearing attitude. …She kept her sneers to herself, not wanting to upset Subaru nearby.

 

“A—” Garfiel winced. “Ah.”

 

He— He hadn’t done anything like that to Captain, right? He had been helpful ever since
they’d made up, right? Subaru hadn’t ever felt like Garfiel was…

 

Well. Even if Subaru couldn’t be trusted to answer him honestly, there was a good chance
that Garfiel was going to find out.

 

(He refused to allow himself to dread that eventuality: if he had done something to someone,
then he would have to take responsibility for it. There was nothing more to it than that.)

 

Otto glanced at Garfiel. Then he went back to watching the meteor. He didn’t really know
what he could say, right now.

 

[After keeping to herself for so long, Rem is like an explosion. I just hope that, like an
explosion, her extreme forwardness will be a brief phase. If this goes on for much longer,
with my body still recovering, I’ll stand no chance.]

 

Crusch winced. And all this while Subaru was still recovering — and from the very injuries
he gained whilst rushing to save her life, no less! That was…

 

Well. She hoped that Rem would indeed settle down a little bit. “High-maintenance girl”
indeed.

 

Ferris cuddled closer to his Lady, oddly self-conscious. He didn’t know what he was feeling.

 

In many ways, Rem was a particularly ugly sort of mirror. He couldn’t help but resent her for
that, and at the same time he found himself yearning for her success. If she succeeded, after
all, then wouldn’t that mean that Ferris, too…?



 

[Be that as it may, I can’t just bluntly shake Rem off, Subaru reflected. Especially since…]

 

“…Ah,” Felt said, watching a light blush spread across Subaru’s face. “So, this is when that
started.”

 

Rachins shifted nervously. He’d known from the start about Subaru’s feelings for that
woman, as had everyone else, but…

 

Well. He wasn’t sure how he felt about those feelings anymore. It certainly wasn’t
amusement, not now that he knew everything that had preluded them.

 

For Ricardo and Ferris, this was as good an opportunity as any to pick on Subaru once more.
It said something that both of them stayed silent. —That, more than anything, caught
Subaru’s attention.

 

“Guys…?” he called over, looking both worried and confused. Nobody really knew how to
respond, and so his call went unanswered.

 

[“...That child’s stubborn inferiority complex is dyed straight into the wool. It must be
from our childhood, when Ram was a bit too much of a prodigy.”]

 

[“Isn’t it a bit much to call yourself a prodigy, especially in the past tense? How big-
headed does someone need to be to make a claim like that?”]

 

Old Man Rom shivered slightly as he remembered the look in that infant’s eyes, and the sheer
power that had emitted from her horn in that moment of truth. If anything, Ram was being
incredibly humble with that sort of understatement.

 

Subaru grimaced awkwardly, thinking something similar. He’d never, EVER say it out loud,
lest one of the twins hear him, but it was a bit of a shame that Ram hadn’t been able to keep



that incredible gift of hers, wasn’t it?

 

“Wasn’t your fault,” Felt muttered. “You weren’t anything but yourself.”

 

No, the real problem had been those foolish adults who couldn’t look past their own noses to
see who was standing directly before their eyes. Ridiculous, just ridiculous.

 

[“If Ram was still in her prime, everything above Barusu’s neck would be gone by
now…”]

 

Rem flinched violently. She wasn’t the only one. “R-Ram!” she cried. “Why would you…?!”

 

Ram hissed. She hadn’t meant it, of course. But just how many times had she said something
so horrifically, horrifically reckless…?!

 

(She had aimed for his neck, hadn’t she? She’d aimed for his neck, and then he had bled out
in the grass from a mangled throat. Why did she have to have specified his neck?)

 

[“Honestly,” Ram sighed wearily. “Why does Ram have to hang her hopes on a man like
Barusu.”]

 

[Subaru simply tilted his head, as if asking her what she meant by that.]

 

Glancing at the present, scandalized version of Ram’s little sister, Frederica was pretty sure
she understood quite well. After all, though she may not remember Rem, she had still known
Ram for many years.

 

[“Up until now…” With a side-glance, Ram shot him a particularly disgusted look. “All
that existed in Rem’s world was Ram, Roswaal-sama, and the manor. While Emilia-
sama and Beatrice-sama were in her scope as well, she probably didn’t attach much
importance to them. As for anyone else, all the more.”]



 

“—! Hey!” Frederica squawked. Ram pretended not to hear her.

 

[“Hmm, yeah,” Subaru noted. “Rem does seem to have that kind of narrow-
mindedness.”]

 

[That narrow-mindedness also explains why she rashly jumps to conclusions, he added
silently, lost in thought. Secluded from the world, Rem resolves her problems internally,
deciding everything by herself. —As a victim of that dangerous thought process, I know
this all too well…]

 

Everyone went still at the reminder.

 

It wasn’t like any of them had ever been able to forget, but… It was all too easy to think that
Subaru himself had forgotten, sometimes.

 

(Would that be a mercy or yet another cruelty in a sea of cruelties? Nobody there was really
sure.)

 

[Looking back, I can only lament my poor conduct from that time.]

 

Everyone sucked in a breath as one.

 

“Subaru…” Emilia trailed off. Just what was she supposed to say?

 

Subaru met her gaze with eyes firm. “It WAS my fault,” he declared. “It was entirely my
fault. Don’t— Don’t try to blame anyone else for an outcome that was my own doing. That’s
not fair.”

 

Nobody tried to argue this time. They just stared back at him in silence.



 

Rem wasn’t even surprised anymore. She turned back to the meteor. Subaru would always
defend her, even when she was at her worst, even when she had done the unforgivable. …It
was for that exact reason that Rem could not consider him a reliable source for how she
should be feeling about any of this.

 

Ram exhaled slowly. Subaru — was someone she cared for deeply, he truly was. And
because he was someone important to her, she could not allow herself to follow such simple
logic that would convenience her at the sake of the boy she had wronged so thoroughly.

 

—They’d talk about it later. Now wasn’t the time.

 

[“What are you staring at Ram for?” her old self asked coldly.]

 

[“Why don’t you figure it out for yourself, Nee-sama,” Subaru teased, flippantly
brushing the truth of what he had been thinking about aside with a crude insinuation.]

 

Julius remembered how Reinhard had described him, when the three of them had first come
together in the throne room. “A boy who always tries to make a bad first impression…” he
murmured aloud. Was there any merit to that strategy?

 

—No, he didn’t think so. All this puffing up and brushing off was frivolous, and the facade
that the boy often put on in an attempt to seem cool when he was nervous was, at best,
annoying. Julius liked Subaru most when he behaved like himself.

 

Ram had known even then that he was putting on an act in order to save face. She hadn’t
pressed him on it, of course. That had been her idea of kindness.

 

…Should she have pressed him further? Could such consideration really be called kindness at
all, or was it yet another way for her to fall into convenience at Subaru’s expense?

 



[“Stop looking at Ram with those perverted eyes. We’re the same in terms of looks, so
just do what you want with Rem instead.”]

 

Old Man Rom choked. “Little lady!”

 

Rem simply rolled her eyes. Her sister had quite the absurd sense of humor, didn’t she…?

 

[“That beautiful, sisterly love of yours isn’t beautiful at all, is it!”]

 

Ram chuckled slightly. A person as goodhearted as Subaru — who would become appalled at
the very idea of such a thing — that was the only audience that would make such a foul joke
funny. Indeed, the very idea of Subaru attempting to harm her baby sister was just absurd.

 

(Tivey and Hetaro exchanged horrified looks. Even as a joke, neither of them would ever
even think of…!)

 

(Anastasia sighed. Those two could be so overprotective sometimes — a reality made even
more ridiculous by the fact that Mimi easily outclassed them both.)

 

[“Well, putting that aside for now…” Ram skillfully ignored him, walking forward to
swipe the cloth out of his hand and usurp his role in their daily chores.]

 

“—Oh,” Garfiel said, finally realizing what it was that Ram had seen. Emilia simply smiled
softly: Ram really was a kind person.

 

Crusch’s eyes softened. So she had noticed.

 

It was comforting, in a way. If Subaru wasn’t going to look after himself, then Crusch would
rather like for him to be surrounded by people who knew to keep an eye on him.

 



(Her hand rubbed circles into Ferris’ back. She didn’t even realize what she was doing.)

 

[Ah. Subaru’s internal monologue suddenly filled with guilt. My arm gave out from
exhaustion some time ago. I’d tried to keep talking as an excuse for a break, but I guess
she saw right through me…]

 

[In response to her consideration, all he could do was sheepishly turn away.]

 

“Are you kidding me…?” Felt sighed. But of course he was serious. The guy had done all
that work, only to get embarrassed about how much effort he had put into it all. Ridiculous.

 

“Men are ridiculous,” Anastasia muttered. “Feeling the need to show off their strength all the
time like that…“

 

It drove her up the wall to no end to see boys throwing themselves at problems again and
again until they broke, when they could just as easily have surrendered their foolish pride and
allowed someone else to help them in their time of need. Ricardo, Tivey, Hetaro — even
Julius was like that sometimes, and Anastasia was certain that it was going to be the death of
her one of these days.

 

Only vaguely aware of his Lady’s general frustration, Julius pressed his lips together in
agreement. Subaru really should have just been resting and recovering.

 

[“So,” Subaru said, finally giving in and allowing her to work while he rested his
injured self. “What was that thing you were talking about?”]

 

[“Asking for an answer that you already know, Ram thinks that’s quite malicious.”]

 

Old Man Rom snorted. “It’s in poor taste for ya to go acting like that when YOU are the one
who brought up the topic, missy.”

 



Ram turned to Rom with an icy glare that made him recoil. “Don’t call Ram by that cursed
nickname, you foolish old man.”

 

“Alright, alright! I’m sorry!”

 

[“Wouldn’t it be bad if we misunderstand each other? After all, it’s an established fact
that I’m an oblivious guy who couldn’t read emotions to save his life. I’m Round
Table class.”]

 

[Ram let out a long sigh.]

 

“Round Table class…?” Anastasia murmured. A synonym for a “jack of all trades,” perhaps
— though she was rather curious about its origin.

 

[“Rem’s small, narrow world,” Ram elaborated. “Like a contamination, Barusu forced
his way into it. If that contamination rampages enough, the walls of that child’s small
world might push out just a bit. So dreams a beautiful girl named Ram.”]

 

[“Careful,” Subaru teased. “That act of yours is starting to resemble me a bit too
much.”]

 

Ferris snorted. “Nyew do have to watch out,” he teased. “Subaru-kyun is the type who rubs
off on others far too easily, isn’t he~?”

 

Normally Ram would respond with a huff, a snide comment, and a jab Subaru’s way. Now
her mouth felt far too dry for something like that.

 

[“Also, those dreams or whatever, don’t dump them onto me like that. I only do what I
can, and sometimes I don’t even do that.”]

 



Anastasia actually snorted, a sound that surprised herself more than it did anyone else. Her
cheeks turned pink. “A-Ah…”

 

Crusch smiled at her, giggling in agreement. Felt just rolled her eyes.

 

Lady Anastasia had been taken aback by her unladylike outburst, but most everyone else was
too caught up at the absurdity of Subaru, of all people, describing himself in such a ridiculous
manner.

 

“You get involved in everything, Natsuki-san,” Otto muttered. Next to him, Garfiel was
snickering loudly. “Don’t you go pretending to be anything else.”

 

Ram turned away slightly. Really, she had no place asking anything of Subaru after…

 

She had never really had any place doing that after all, it turns out.

 

[My motto is “To do or not to do? If you can’t decide, then don’t do anything,” Subaru
reflected with a triumphant smirk as he boasted his uselessness. With that as my
personal creed, I’ve allowed countless potential events to slip past me.]

 

At that, Garfiel’s snickers graduated into full-bodied laughter. He wasn’t the only one: half
the audience had started cackling at such a ridiculous self-assessment.

 

“Of all people…” Emilia sighed. “You can be absolutely ridiculous sometimes, Subaru. You
know that?”

 

—Ricardo frowned. Subaru, of all people, describing himself like that?

 

…What had his life actually been like before he had come to Lugunica?

 



[“Hmph,” Ram huffed curtly. “Unable to abandon the village children, much less leave
Rem behind. And in the end, becoming a decoy to let Ram and Rem escape. Trying to
act tough after all that, my, it gives Ram goosebumps.”]

 

Rem giggled a little. Ram could only shake her head with a sigh. To this day, she was unclear
about how good of an actor Subaru thought he was.

 

…Then again, he had pretended things were fine for so long and to such an extent that Ram
had had no idea of what she had done, hadn’t he?

 

The thought sobered her. Subaru was a terrible liar, but she had been wrong: he was a
brilliant actor, in all the worst ways possible.

 

[“Stop spelling out my deeds!” Subaru exclaimed, crouching and furiously shaking his
head in response to his swell of bashfulness. “Looking back, I’m so embarrassed, I could
explode! Ugh, seriously, what’s wrong with me. I must’ve let the tension get to my head.
That’s not me, goddamn it…”]

 

“—Embarrassed?” Garfiel echoed, completely bewildered. “But…” But what was there for
him to be embarrassed about?

 

“Weeell,” Ferris teased. “It wasn’t like we didn’t all knyow what sort of reckless, brash, silly
boy Subaru-kyun is, hmm~? Nya can’t fool us, nyew knyow!”

 

Subaru grimaced. Even after a year, he couldn’t help but feel like he was fooling all of them
jusf by sitting here and letting them watch his memory of those horrible, horrible events.
After all, to see them all in various stages of befuddlement at hearing Subaru state the honest
truth… However unintentional it may have been on his part, just what could one call that
impression of theirs but a lie?

 

It WAS him, though, Crusch knew. After all, whether he wanted to accept it or not, it was
none other than Subaru who had done all those things in the face of those Ulgarm Wolves.
For better or for worse, he was the only one fit to take responsibility for it all.



 

[Though I managed to break out from the endless loops of death for the second time…
Subaru shuddered, goosebumps forming all over. Who is that crazy, hot-blooded youth?!]

 

“Sometimes I wonder that myself,” Julius muttered, thinking of the heart attack he would
likely sustain sooner rather than later because of this reckless boy. Reinhard just laughed.

 

Wilhelm couldn’t help but smile. That crazy and hot-blooded youth reminded him so much of
himself at that age, after all — but with the sort of wisdom his old self had never really
managed to obtain, even this late in life.

 

…Really, he had been blessed quite enough just to meet Subaru at all, hadn’t he?

 

[“For the cool and gallant Natsuki Subaru, it’s just unbecoming,” Subaru lamented. “If
I’d heroically taken care of everything myself, it’d be another story. But didn’t I just
blow black smoke everywhere and let Ros-chi handle the rest?!”]

 

Garfiel reeled back in his seat, blinking rapidly. “…What?!” he finally exclaimed, voice
dripping with disbelief.

 

[“Well, logically speaking, that is how it was.”]

 

[“I knew it! I tried so hard too, damnit!”]

 

“That’s…” Having once agreed with that statement, even in jest, Ram now found herself
nearly struck speechless by the unfairness of that declaration. “That’s— Subaru—”

 

Otto gritted his teeth. “Natsuki-san,” he muttered. “Natsuki-san, you stupid, stupid little…”

 



Frederica’s upper lip wobbled, and she had to turn away. He really had tried so hard, hadn’t
he? So…why did it feel like he couldn’t even see it?

 

[After countless loops, that’s the end result.]

 

Subaru huffed, his new outside view having put into perspective how ridiculous that idea
was. “Countless…” he muttered, too quietly for anyone else to hear him. “It was four. It was
only four…”

 

—Across the room, Crusch frowned, her worry deepening. Had it really felt like countless
loops to Subaru after just four deaths within the manor’s walls?

 

It wasn’t like she could blame him. Death was the sort of experience a soul was only built to
handle the one time, before being mercifully cleansed by Od Laguna. But for him to describe
it in such a way — it wasn’t shameful, not even close, but it did fill her with a quiet sort of
alarm.

 

[In reaching that result, I undoubtedly struggled, Subaru reflected miserably. Yet, with no
one aware of my suffering, everyone probably thinks “Oh, he just got involved by chance
or something.”]

 

What did that matter? Felt wanted to bop him over the head for that stupid comment. What
the hell did it matter, if he had gotten involved by chance or by planning? All that mattered
was that he had gotten involved, could he really not see past his nose enough to understand
even that much?!

 

[Moreover, without landing a decisive blow of any sort, my role amounts to “that guy who
was just sort of there by chance.” And most of all—]

 

Wilhelm opened his mouth, but someone else beat him to it this time.

 

[“Barusu was there.”]



 

“E-Eh?” Tivey startled.

 

Ricardo blinked, looking very taken aback. “Is that—?”

 

With a similar look on his face to that of the Mercenary Captain, Old Man Rom suddenly
looked rather alert.

 

…Wilhelm closed his mouth again, feeling oddly satisfied.

 

[Ram was the one who had interrupted him, of course. But unlike most times she spoke
with him, her voice now was soft and gentle, her usual cynicism and colloid hatred
replaced by genuine warmth and kindness.]

 

[“Sometimes that alone can save someone,” she chided. “You should know that.”]

 

“—That’s exactly right,” Felt said. Her voice was odd. “Doesn’t matter jack shit if ya have
the ability to save people and never do anything with it. Trying your best with what you’ve
got… That’s the important part, not the parts of yourself you never had any control over.”

 

“Indeed,” Crusch agreed quietly. “How a person conducts themselves is what says the most.
Anything else is superfluous, as far as I’m concerned.”

 

“Ah—” With everyone’s attention suddenly turned towards his present self, Subaru found the
sudden spotlight hot and uncomfortable. “Uh, a-alright,” he stammered, giving a nervous
laugh. “It’s okay, guys, I— It’s not a lie that I didn’t do much, in the end. I can’t be delusional
about that, you know?”

 

Emilia swallowed. Didn’t do much…?

 



Those were those old habits of his shining through again, she supposed. Just how many of
them remained, even after all this time?

 

“Ah— Emilia!” Subaru had noticed her sorrow before she could mask it, and to her great
guilt he began to panic. “I-It’s really not that bad,” he insisted. “I’ve come to terms with it,
you know?! I— I don’t HAVE to be the guy who does everything. That thing about lifting
quain stones, remember that?”

 

“No one can lift a quain stone alone.” Garfiel knew that idiom well, and he had carried it in
his heart every day since Captain had freed him from those chains he had woven for himself
with his own toe hands. But at the same time—

 

“You died, Captain,” he whispered. “This isn’t…”

 

How could he say that he hadn’t actually done anything?

 

“—Ya know,” Anastasia said suddenly. “There’s a story I heard once a long time ago in
Kararagi, about a princess who asked for donations from around the country.” Subaru
blinked, a little startled. “Have ya heard of it?”

 

“Uh…” The boy furrowed his brow, as if searching through his memory. “Ah…”

 

That was enough of an answer, and so the Merchant Princess continued.

 

“The rich men who had much to give donated hundreds of golden coins, scant fractions of
their immense wealth,” Anastasia said. Her voice was casual, but her eyes were decidedly
not. “But when the hyena boy who had nothing else to give offered a simple handful of
copper coins, it was he who was praised for the greatest contribution. Numerically it may not
have been all that much, but those little coins had meant so much more to the hyena boy than
those hundreds of gold coins had meant to any of the rich men combined, and so they had
been the most valuable gift of all.”

 



She wasn’t quite sure where she had heard that story before. But there was a lesson in there
that she thought was most important for the boy in front of her to internalize, and so she had
repeated it regardless. And in any case, he had already told her enough stories from his own
hometown that she felt that she would quite like to start returning the favor.

 

[“—Now that I think about it,“ Subaru fretted, callously brushing aside Ram’s
consideration as he hung his head and sighed as though the world itself was ending.
“That time with Reinhard, wasn’t I useless back then too!? Shielding Emilia-tan at the
very end, was that all I did? Plus, that’s just being a meat tank. Even Old Man
Rom could’ve done that! I’m in despair—!”]

 

“What a rude response!” Frederica exclaimed. Refusing Ram’s rare honesty and genuine
kindness in favor of delving further into that destructive, self-flagellating nonsense…! It was
no wonder that Ram was normally so harsh on Subaru, if this were how he responded to the
alternative. Otto snorted derisively, turning away from the meteor in a rare moment of
disgust.

 

Wilhelm was chuckling. “Ahh,” he said with amusement. “Well, all young boys have their
moments, don’t they…?”

 

“I did worse, at his age,” Ricardo grinned. “Still, I’d say a reaction like that to the words of a
lady warrants a slap, eh…?”

 

“That’s most likely what comes next, yes,” Old Man Rom winced. He had gotten slapped
quite a few times in his youth himself.

 

Ferris was scowling. He felt too bitter to join in the teasing, and so he just lowered his gaze to
his feet. His tail lashed once behind him, and then fell still.

 

Most others in the theater were in similar states, annoyed or amused or somewhere in
between. Anastasia, however, was still focused solely on the Subaru that existed right now,
their gazes remaining locked.

 



“That’s…” It was a familiar story, vaguely reminiscent of a Christian folktale Subaru thought
he recalled, but he shook his head. “That’s — not the sort of story I’d expect to hear from
you,” he admitted.

 

“It’s not a perfect story, of course,” Anastasia dismissed. “It’s very naïve, first of all, and it
heavily relies on the world favoring heart over results, which is ridiculous. The fact is that
money is money: whatever it had been worth to those rich men or that hyena boy, I would’ve
accepted the hundreds of gold coins over the handful of copper pieces every time. Most likely
it was used as propaganda at some point or another to convince the common folk to donate to
whatever cause was most relevant to the times. —But.” She raised a finger. “As a Lady, if ya
take it beyond just a question of the coins, I would’ve sought to claim the hyena boy as my
servant — the one who was willing to sacrifice more for my sake — faster than I would’ve
any of the rich men who gave only what they would consider token amounts. …There’s a
lesson in there about the truth of value that I think is important for ya to keep in mind.”

 

Subaru held her gaze for long enough for Anastasia to understand that he had heard her, and
then he turned away with an awkward look on his face. She supposed she would have to wait
and see, if she wanted to find out if he had listened.

 

(She refused to count that self-destructive curse of his as a golden coin, and refused even
more strongly to encourage that sort of thinking in Subaru himself, and so that left that
servant boy lacking in any gold at all. However, alright he hadn’t had any gold coins to his
name, Subaru had given all the copper coins he’d had out in those woods. And that was the
sort of gesture that could mean the entire world.)

 

[Ram’s face fell into an unpleasant scowl as her words fail to reach Subaru, grieving
over his paltry achievements. Thus, she lets loose an explosive low kick, buckling his
legs and sending him to the floor.]

 

Wilhelm sighed. It wasn’t like he could blame her for that reaction.

 

In the present moment, Ram flinched. She had never thought anything of it before, but after
—

 

“My sister is too kind.”



 

…Had she really needed to be so rough with him?

 

[“As expected,” Ram declared, looking annoyed enough to spit on him. “Hanging any
hope on a failure like Barusu is a lost cause.”]

 

Rem winced. “Isn’t that…?”

 

“Nah,” Felt muttered. “If Subaru acted like this all the time, then any shred of hope would be
wasted on him indeed. …It’s a good thing he ain’t that kind of loser then, eh?”

 

Rem grimaced. Felt couldn’t help but grin back at her: that soft spot she’d developed for the
guy she’s been so suspicious of not too long before was as amusing as it was painfully
understandable.

 

Emilia just watched with a cold, pained expression. Perhaps she wouldn’t have put it quite
like Ram had, but she was glad the maid had given him a good scolding for that
ridiculousness of his. Subaru’s silliness was only charming when he wasn’t ripping himself
apart in the process, after all.

 

[“So harsh!” Subaru got up, meeting her hard stare by snapping his fingers before
playfully forming them into a finger pistol and shooting at her. “Well, I guess you’re not
wrong though? But…” He raised the finger pistol up, blowing out the imaginary smoke
wafting out of the imaginary barrel. “I wouldn’t mind if you had at least a little hope in
me.”]

 

“Responding so positively only when being treated like that…” Otto muttered. “You really
are a masochist, Natsuki-san.”

 

“I won’t deny that, but Otto-bro sure ain’t one to talk!” Garfiel laughed.

 



Frederica just sighed, watching the three boys squabble. —Complications aside, it was nice
that Ram’s attitude had been capable of so effortlessly setting Subaru at ease.

 

[“Expanding worlds or whatever, instead of relying on some stranger, you should do
that yourself,” Subaru replied. “Besides, being secluded in this cramped mansion,
aren’t you the same as Rem?”]

 

“—Eh?” Crusch blinked.

 

[“Boasting about your [Clairvoyance] when you don’t even know the names of the local
village brats,“ Subaru scoffed. “What a joke.”]

 

Tivey tilted his head. “That…”

 

“…Ah,” Ricardo said. “He’s not wrong, is he?”

 

Of course he was right. Mimi rolled her eyes. Yet another way in which this self-proclaimed
older sister was entirely inadequate, wasn’t that right?

 

Felt sighed. “Reinhard’s old man has the same problem,” she muttered. “Calling himself the
Head of House Astrea when he hasn’t tended to his own lands in…”

 

Rachins sneered at the thought, and then he pushed it aside. He wanted to think about
Heinkel Astrea as little as he could.

 

(Across the room, Reinhard pretended not to hear either of them. That was either than
confronting them, when he didn’t know what it was that he could possibly say.)

 

[“…What are you—”]

 



[“You and Rem, your scopes are both too narrow,” Subaru declared. “All you two ever
do is look to each other for anything and everything. If you’ve gotta be together, instead
of staring at each other, try walking alongside each other. That’s definitely more
constructive and worthwhile.”]

 

Julius hesitated. To walk alongside instead of stare directly at the person you admired the
most…

 

“Ya should listen to him, Jules,” Anastasia’s voice whispered. He startled slightly. “Natsuki-
san ain’t quite on your level when it comes to most things, but he’s definitely someone ya
should be looking up to when it comes to topics like this.”

 

“…I suppose he is,” Julius agreed quietly.

 

But still — wasn’t that advice the sort of thing that was easier said than done?

 

Wilhelm sat there in silence for a long moment, digesting the young boy’s words. Then he
smiled with defeat. Truly, Subaru was a deceptively wise young man.

 

[“How’s that?” Snapping his fingers and flashing a bright smile, Subaru struck his best
pose as Ram sank into silence. “Did my speech manage to convince you?”]

 

…Ferris smiled, just a little. Maybe that warranted some smidge of forgiveness.

 

Subaru was a stupid, stupid boy. But he was also genuine and insightful at the most surprising
of times, wasn’t he? Few people in this world were so full of surprises.

 

(Fourier’s beaming face flashed through his mind’s eye. The warmth of joyful affection and
the chills of grief wreaked his body in equal measure, and their combined assault meant that
Ferris couldn’t quite stop tears from beading in the corners of his eyes.)

 



[“Enough that it’s unimaginable for Barusu and the person who cried over a condiment
to be one and the same.”]

 

Julius chuckled a little at that. “She’s not wrong,” he teased. Subaru stuck his tongue out at
him.

 

[Subaru’s laugh was oddly bitter. So harsh.]

 

Old Man Rom grimaced at the odd quality to that snicker. That “mayonnaise” really had
meant an awful, awful lot to him, hadn’t it…?

 

Made oddly uncomfortable by the sincerity in Subaru’s bitterness, Rachins couldn’t help but
turn away. Next to him, however, Felt sat up straighter: that sincerity was one of the things
that she valued most, after all.

 

[“Well…” Subaru glanced around the hall. “Let’s take our time with this. I’m sure Rem
will eventually come around. After thinking and worrying for a while… One day, when
she stops to look carefully, she’ll realize that compared to herself, Nee-sama’s totally
inferior.”]

 

“Subaru!” Crusch exclaimed, scandalized.

 

Old Man Rom barked out an incredulous laugh, abruptly shaken out of his solemn
reflections. “What a thing to say!” he crowed.

 

Emilia shook her head, hiding quiet giggles behind her hand.

 

“It’s not a very polite thing to tell someone,” Frederica grinned. “Even if it is true~”

 

[“Yes,” Ram said. Subaru had been teasing, but there was not a hint of bluffing in her
answer. “Ram hopes that day comes soon.”]



 

Frederica’s grin faltered. Around her, the amusement faded from the theater at Ram’s serious
tone, replaced with something uncomfortably genuine.

 

“…Onee-chan,” Rem tried to say, and found that she couldn’t say anything.

 

After all, she wasn’t even that same little sister anymore, was she? So…didn’t that mean that
day would likely never come at all?

 

[“What are you going to do if that day actually comes?”]

 

[“Even then, as the elder sister, Ram is to be respected. …That alone will never
change.”]

 

“Rem is Rem.” Ram seemed to understand Rem’s trepidations without even turning to face
her. “Rem will go through many changes, and she will walk many different paths into
becoming her best, most wonderful self — and one day she will surpass me, and I will be all
the prouder for it.”

 

“Ah…” Rem faltered.

 

Ram turned to Rem, a peaceful smile on her face. “I am your older sister, after all,” she
declared. “That is the one thing that will never change.”

 

[What a refreshing declaration, Subaru marveled. —I won’t press further, though. I’ve
been sticking my neck where it doesn’t belong since quite a while ago…]

 

“Isn’t that what you always do?” Julius asked wryly.

 

“Oi!”



 

“I’d say it’s part of his charm,” Reinhard answered. Subaru squawked, somehow more
offended by the fact that the man sounded entirely genuine.

 

[—Ram’s finished working.]

 

“Hm?” Tivey frowned.

 

“Oh,” Hetaro said.

 

Garfiel smiled. Underneath that blunt and abrasive attitude, Ram really was a kind,
considerate woman.

 

(Mimi pointedly didn’t say anything.)

 

[In the end, Subaru recognized with regret, Ram took on the brunt of the work. My
recovery still has a ways to go… As for hiding my weakness, even more so.]

 

“—Eh?” Crusch asked, eyes widening.

 

Frederica grimaced. That was the troublesome thing about boys, wasn’t it?

 

Garfiel shifted uncomfortably. Otto turned away. As men, both of them understood it. The
girl you like, and the girl who likes you: those are the two people it’s excusable for a man to
hide his weakness from, and Emilia and Rem clearly both fell into those categories.

 

But the anguished look now spreading across Lady Emilia’s face made it hard for either of
them to justify what should have been a simple fact of life.

 



[“I can’t let Emilia-tan and Rem see me like this afterall,” he murmured aloud.]

 

Old Man Rom grimaced. Ricardo shrugged. Wilhelm smiled grimly. All of them understood
that feeling well: no man wanted their beloved lady to see them in such a sorry state, after all.

 

[I don’t want Emilia to see my weakness. I don’t want Rem to feel guilt and indebtedness.
Both feelings stem from my stubbornness as a man. “To do or not to do? Stop worrying
and just do it.”]

 

Rem felt a lump in her throat. So suffocating was her ever-present dismal attitude that she
had gone and forced Subaru to hide his suffering in order to soothe her worries. What a way
to pay him back for everything he had done for her.

 

Emilia crossed her arms. She was a girl, so perhaps this was one of those things she just
couldn’t understand, but she couldn’t help but despise that stubbornness of Subaru’s.
Couldn’t he understand how much she longed for him to rely on her, to let her wipe away his
tears, to let her help him up when he couldn’t do everything all on his own? It was one of the
few things about him that she simply could not stand.

 

—They should have settled all of that a while ago. It had all been settled by now, right?

 

[“Although, as her older sister,” Ram’s voice interrupted. “Ram isn’t happy with
Barusu’s mayo-whatever adding to Rem’s workload.”]

 

Mimi scoffed. The two of them had done much, MUCH worse to him, had they not?

 

Rem couldn’t be less bothered by that part of this ridiculous situation. If she could, for once
in her life, do something nice for this boy that didn’t end up backfiring horribly on him…!

 

[“Right now, Rem’s goals are all fuzzy and vague, so she’s trying too hard in every
direction,” Subaru replied. “She’ll overwork herself and collapse at this rate. But if we



give her just one clear goal, she’ll be able to focus her efforts on it. Rem’s got tunnel
vision, after all.”]

 

Crusch blinked. That was — not entirely a bad idea.

 

“Hmm…” Anastasia pursed her lips. Perhaps that could work as at least a temporary stopgap,
could it not? Of course, it also ran the risk of feeding into Rem’s obsessive tendencies even
further as opposed to training her out of it for good, but…

 

Well, it was worth a try, perhaps.

 

[While seemingly calm and collected, once she sets her heart on something, Rem
singlemindedly pursues it, Subaru reflected. Right now her mind is undoubtedly stuck on
mayonnaise, that fabled condiment. With a lowered focus on her other tasks, hopefully
Rem will unconsciously ease up on herself…]

 

Frederica winced. Somehow, she doubted that would be the case.

 

“That might not be a bad idea,” Ricardo praised. “Good on ya for thinking of your coworkers
like that, kid. …Kid?”

 

Subaru was currently pinching the bridge of his nose at the memory, a frustrated frown on his
face. It hadn’t worked out that way at all.

 

[“How surprising for Barusu to think so far.” Ram raised her eyebrows, looking
genuinely impressed. “And even spout all that nonsense.”]

 

[“If you’re going to praise me, could you at least put some feeling into it?!” Subaru
retorted. “Besides, right now, my soul yearns for the [White Lover]. —For both Rem
and I, isn’t this plan a win-win?”]

 



[A rare look of bewilderment spread across Ram’s face as she watched Subaru twist
about, chanting that last phrase aloud. “Uin-Uin?” she echoed.]

 

“It means that everyone gets something out of the deal,” Subaru clarified, before Anastasia
could even open her mouth to ask. “Win-win, you see? As opposed to win-lose, or lose-lose.
Two sides, and both sides win. The perfect outcome, really!”

 

Anastasia nodded slowly. Few things in this world were “win-win”s, but she couldn’t deny
that it was the ideal.

 

He was still pinching the bridge of his nose. Even whilst not being in the loop, Beatrice
couldn’t help but start giggling at whatever was about to happen next.

 

[Without having to worry about indebtedness or weakness or any special care, talking with
Ram is refreshingly easy, Subaru reflected, a small smile on his face.]

 

Rem winced. Even when her old self had been trying to support him, she had just made
things more difficult. Talk about ridiculous.

 

Emilia felt her heart grow heavy. She didn’t care about his weakness, or his flaws, or
anything else he was ashamed of: all she had ever cared about was that he would look her in
the eye and speak with a smile that came from his very heart and soul. “Weakness” — who
would even care about that? Why couldn’t Subaru think of her as an easy person to talk to, as
well?

 

—The two of them had eventually grown past this, right? Please, she begged internally, let
this all be over by now…

 

Crusch winced, glancing at Ram’s carefully stoic expression. Whether Subaru liked it or not,
she had a feeling that ease of conversation would have a very, very difficult time returning to
them both.

 



…Though frankly, she wasn’t sure that was a bad thing. After all, there was acceptance and
forgiveness, and then there was sweeping evil under the rug to try and forget about it. She
would much rather that wound be disinfected than left to rot, however uncomfortable it may
be in the moment.

 

[“Okay, on to the next task.” Subaru pushed himself off from the dining table. “Let’s
see—”]

 

[—But just as they were preparing to go help Rem, the doors to the dining hall flung
open.]

 

The entire theater startled violently at the sudden emergence.

 

“AH—!” Hetaro shrieked. “What’s happening, what’s—?!”

 

[“Subaru-kun! Nee-sama!”]

 

“Is there another threat?!” Tivey demanded, eyes frantic. “Is there—!”

 

“Calm down, ya brats,” Ricardo cackled. “It’s just Rem, see? It’s just—!”

 

Julius choked, his eyes widening as he realized something important. “Is that—?!” he
exclaimed.

 

[Rem’s face was shining with a brilliant smile — one that was almost as brilliant as the
pure white, star-like horn emerging from her forehead.]

 

And like that, the theater dissolved into chaos.

 



“Her Oni form?!” Rachins shrieked. “What’s that about?! Why is she—?!”

 

“She’s gonna attack him again now, isn’t she?!” Mimi cried aloud, eyes growing wild with
panic. “She’s gonna— Mimi thought we were done with—!”

 

“Calm down, calm down!” Felt snapped. “She’s smiling, isn’t she?! So just hold on a—!”

 

“Just because she’s smiling doesn’t mean—!”

 

[“It appears the dining hall is all tidied up,” Rem declared, nodding excitedly despite
her apparent shortness of breath, shoulders swaying. “In that case, we’ve finished our
work for the morning.”]

 

Frederica nearly choked. “Finished?!” she exclaimed.

 

“Wouldn’t you three normally have almost two more hours left?!” Otto demanded, his eyes
wide as he reflected on the routine shown in previous loops. “What did she DO?!”

 

[Onscreen, Subaru and Ram had matching looks of utter shock.]

 

“—See?!” Felt snapped. “She was just rushing through her chores like a manic, that’s it! Now
will ya chill out?!”

 

Garfiel stared in disbelief. Calling upon her Oni form in order to get through cleaning the
Manor faster…

 

The absurdity of that image forced him to press a hand to his mouth in a desperate attempt to
stifle his laughter. Oh, Rem!

 



[“Well then, let us immediately start on Subaru-kun’s [mayanaize]!” Rem declared,
spreading her arms wide before clapping with delight. “Rem worked hard, so we can
try many times before lunch!”]

 

Emilia sighed, already feeling exhausted. “Rem…” she groaned.

 

Rem could only shake her head in disbelief. Just what she been thinking, pulling a stunt like
that?

 

—Old Man Rom couldn’t help smiling. She really had just been that excited to do something
nice for the boy she’d come to care about, hadn’t she?

 

[“To make her use her Oni transformation…” Ram muttered. “Weren’t you trying to
STOP her from overworking.”]

 

[“Hey, the way you brought her up isn’t blameless either…”]

 

[Rem merely tilted her head as she watched them bicker, her horn still shining bright.]

 

Rem could only wince at her old self’s perplexed expression. Really, even after seeing — all
of that — she supposed there would be moments where she had no clue what had been going
through her old self’s head.

 

[“If we’re going to make the very best mayonnaise, the best there ever was, there are
some ingredients we absolutely need!” Subaru declared as the three of them stood in the
kitchen, a plain apron thrown over his butler uniform, clenching his fist dramatically.
“The first is a burning love and passion!”]

 

[“Yes, please leave it to Rem.” Rem’s eyes were alight with love and passion both —
though fortunately, her horn had disappeared back into her head.]

 



[“Just get to the recipe already,” Ram said with a bored and listless face, washing the
dishes nearby.]

 

“I’m not sure I’ve ever seen Subaru-sama this passionate about anything,” Frederica giggled.
“—Well, perhaps about Emilia-sama…”

 

“I can think of something,” Otto muttered, remembering the headache that was Natsumi
Schwartz.

 

[“My knowledge is honestly kind of shaky, but I have a feeling it only took a few
ingredients to make,” Subaru reflected. “All we need to do is mix the ingredients
together, so the difficulty level should be fairly low. If the recipe had called for curing or
fermenting, this whole exercise would have been hopeless though. It really wasn’t
that tricky of a process.”]

 

Anastasia couldn’t help smiling. Like everything else, it seemed, Subaru’s taste in meals was
endearingly simple.

 

But what a relief that was: at least its simplicity would allow him to actually make it for
himself now that easy access to the product had been denied. Anastasia wouldn’t have been
able to help feeling bad for him, if he had wanted something from his lost hometown so
dearly that he couldn’t even begin to understand how to recreate.

 

[“Damn, if only I’d paid more attention when Mom made it at home…” It’s far too late
to worry about that at this point, though.]

 

Subaru’s smile faltered, replaced momentarily by something else.

 

“Subaru…?” Beatrice asked, her voice worried.

 

“Ah…” Subaru shook his head, plastering something resembling a grin back on his face. “Ah
— it’s nothing, Beako! Just— You know. Memories, yeah?”



 

“Y…” Beatrice wilted, realizing that she understood the cause of Subaru’s sudden sorrow all
too well. “Yeah…”

 

[“It’s…mayo makin’ time!” she had declared, he thought back fondly. I didn’t notice her
gathering any particularly special ingredients back then — but then again, her homemade
mayonnaise was a complete failure, and she eventually got so sick and tired of trying that
she eventually settled for a store-bought brand.]

 

[“If anything, only Dad was persistent enough to have a shot,” Subaru said aloud. “In
the end, he single-handedly finished the homemade mayonnaise, but he thought it was
still inferior to the store-bought kind. It never even made it to the dinner table.”]

 

“It was awful, so his old man took responsibility and personally disposed of it,” Felt
translated with amusement. Rachins snickered.

 

“So neither Mom or Dad figured out how to do it right, huh?” Ricardo grinned. “Guess that
means it’s time for their kid to avenge his fallen parents, is that right?”

 

[As a self-proclaimed Mayo Fanatic, I kind of regret not tasting it to discover just what was
so different from the store bought kind. —But again, it’s far too late to worry about that…]

 

There were a lot of things that Subaru would never be able to do again, weren’t there? Old
Man Rom couldn’t imagine it, really. The idea of being torn away from one’s home so
abruptly and thoroughly was nightmarish, and only grew more horrifying the more he
thought of it.

 

Felt couldn’t imagine it either. She had always dreamed of escaping the slums, but there was
a difference between being wrenched away by an outside force and making the choice to
climb out with your own two hands. And there was a difference, too, in being able to
recognize where you came from and having the choice to return — even if that choice was
one you knew you’d never make.

 



[“Alright, that’s enough reminiscing,” Subaru decided, brushing aside the memories.
“Let’s go over what we’ll need besides love and passion. Let’s see, first and foremost
we’ve just gotta have eggs.”]

 

[When you think mayonnaise, you think eggs, he thought solemnly. To myself, who is just
as fanatical about egg dishes, the egg is a sacred ingredient, one I cannot possibly live
without. Amen.]

 

“You like egg dishes, Subaru?” Reinhard asked.

 

“Ah— Yeah, I do,” Subaru answered. “Why do you ask?”

 

Reinhard didn’t answer, a thoughtful look on his face. Subaru titled his head in confusion.

 

“I agree that eggs are pretty good, but sacred?” Rachins asked. “Isn’t that going too far?”

 

“I’m not sure there even IS such a thing as too far where this guy is concerned,” Felt
snickered.

 

“Wha— And what is THAT supposed to mean?!”

 

Crusch couldn’t find it in herself to laugh. Eggs as something sacred… Was it because his
mother had made him meals with eggs, perhaps? Just like he had eaten this “mayonnaise”
with his family? The thought of him craving not a meal, but the people closest to him whom
he would likely never see again…

 

“Eggs, hm?” Anastasia murmured aloud.

 

Subaru suddenly stiffened, turning away from his bickering with the Felt Camp. “Lady
Anastasia,” he said. “Lady Anastasia — what’s with that look on your face? Lady
Anastasia?”



 

Anastasia’s grin was sharp and mischievous. “I don’t know what you’re talking about,” she
replied easily. “I’m just watchin’ alongside everyone else, aren’t I?”

 

Otto sucked in a breath. Subaru caught on a moment later. “—!! —You’re planning on
poaching my hometown’s recipe, aren’t you?!” he demanded. “Why you—! What sort of
rotten personality—?!”

 

“Lady Anastasia,” Otto pleaded, trying to overpower Subaru’s panicked, disorganized
protests by scrambling together a decent argument. “Lady Anastasia, I must insist—!”

 

The Merchant Princess merely watched with amusement as the two tried and failed to
convince her not to take advantage of the clear opportunity laid at her feet.

 

(Satisfaction warmed her soul as her secondary objective was reached. That look of nostalgic,
helpless despair, brought about by thoughts of a family he may never be able to see again —
momentarily brushed aside by Felt and Rachins’ dual efforts — had now successfully been
wiped clean off of Subaru’s face.)

 

[“From Subaru-kun’s description, it seemed like fowl eggs were most suitable, so Rem
prepared them for today,” Rem said brightly. “They are the same ones Rem uses in her
everyday cooking.”]

 

[“That’s probably for the best. Striking out a weird, novel path is the first step to an upset
stomach. Besides, the ingredients are just a bit different here. That alone worries me.”]

 

[With this world’s unique ecosystem, it’d be unreasonable to prude over using the exact
same ingredients. While they have similar uses, one must remember that they’re not one
and the same… Subaru grimaced. I have the feeling that even a small side trip could
devolve into an epically Bizarre Adventure.]

 

“Urk.” Ferris winced. That was a reasonable anxiety to have, actually.



 

Crusch wilted. Did that mean that Subaru…would never be able to taste the food of his
hometown again? The thought brought about a sort of despair different in tenor from that
wielded by mabeasts and curses and Bowel Hunters, but one that felt no gentler on her aching
heart.

 

“—‘Bizarre Adventure’?” Anastasia echoed. “The way ya emphasized that… Is that another
reference?”

 

Subaru had absolutely no clue how he could even begin to explain Jojo’s Bizarre Adventure
to an audience that had never even seen a manga page before. In an attempt to duck this
particular conundrum, he sheepishly pretended that he hadn’t heard her ask anything.

 

[“Cooking is a science afterall. I’d rather handle this carefully like a science experiment,
not a free-spirited adventure into the culinary world.”]

 

Julius had to nod in approval at that. The last thing he wanted was for this excursion of his to
end with Subaru accidentally poisoning himself due to a preconception about culinary
ingredients from his hometown experiences.

 

[“If Subaru-kun had wished it,” Rem nudged. “Rem would have brought higher quality
ingredients.”]

 

[“If we put any real money into a hit-or-miss operation like this, you know we’ll just go
bankrupt, right?” Subaru pointed out. “Also, what the heck would a ‘higher quality’
egg even come from? Some sort of brand name chicken?”]

 

“Brand name chicken,” Julius echoed, frowning.

 

[“Winged dragon eggs and other top class items, Rem knows a market that sometimes
sell them.”]

 



“Eh?!” Frederica’s eyes widened. “Using winged dragon eggs for mayonnaise?!” she
exclaimed.

 

“And before you even know how to properly make it?” Otto groaned, just thinking of how
many would likely need to be discarded in their perfecting of the dish. “You could easily
waste at least several holy golden coins’ worth of dragon eggs before you manage something
halfway edible…!”

 

Ram just shook her head. “My sister sure is imaginative,” she teased.

 

Rem frowned. “Dragons lay eggs?” she asked. Ram winced.

 

[“Using dragon eggs to make mayonnaise?!” Subaru exclaimed. “What the hell is that,
it sounds terrifying!”]

 

“It really does, I suppose,” Beatrice grimaced. The aftertaste of dragon eggs was very
particular: the very idea of mixing it with the peculiar texture of mayonnaise made her shiver
with fright.

 

Julius tilted his head. “If you really love egg dishes so much, Subaru, you should really try a
poached dragon egg at least once,” he suggested. “There are some high-class restaurants in
Priestella that sell such meals. I can show you around to a couple, if you want…”

 

Subaru’s eyes narrowed. “And how many of those high-class restaurants are owned by your
Lady?” he challenged.

 

“Wha— I was not trying to swindle you!” Julius exclaimed. This was what he got for trying
to be nice, was it? “While it is true that Lady Anastasia either owns or is partnered with
nearly all high-class restaurants in and surrounding Priestella—”

 

“And there it is!” Subaru stuck his tongue out. “I’m not as green as you think I am, you prick,
you’re not fooling me!”



 

“I’m not trying to—!“

 

“I can’t believe Subaru is somehow the responsible one here,” Tivey muttered, eyes fixed on
the meteor as he steadfastly ignored the bickering between the two knights.

 

“It’s not actually all that surprising,” Hetaro mused thoughtfully. When it came to his more
everyday duties, Subaru was a surprisingly mature person.

 

[“Besides, doesn’t this country worship a dragon?!”]

 

The theater immediately burst into loud laughter.

 

[“Does Barusu really think dragons and The Dragon are one and the same?” Ram
sighed wearily. “Listen, there exists an insurmountable wall between The Dragon and
some common dragon you’d find anywhere. Understand?”]

 

“—I-I mean,” Ferris giggled. “That’s probably nyot the WORST assumption to make, nyes?”

 

“It sure is one hell of an assumption,” Garfiel snickered. “What, did Captain think we just
had a bunch o’ little gods carting us around everywhere?”

 

“I didn’t know ground dragons or dragon carriages were so common, cut me some slack!”
Subaru groaned loudly. “How was I supposed to know they replaced horses in your world?!
You don’t even use different words for the Divine Dragon and the regular dragons, so just
how was I supposed to know?!”

 

Crusch shrugged, smiling weakly. Rem carefully didn’t say anything. Both of them felt a
little guilty about not defending Subaru properly: the former had had trouble wrapping her
head around that crucial difference when Wilhelm and Ferris had first begun re-explaining



her surroundings to her after she had first opened her eyes, and the latter had been under the
same assumption as the Subaru of the past until that very moment.

 

“Eating the Divine Dragon’s brethren…” Ricardo grimaced at the thought. “Rather glad that
ain’t the case,” he admitted. “I wouldn’t be able to look at dragon meat or dragon eggs the
same way, if it were really some sort of heresy.”

 

“Sounds rather unappetizing,” Wilhelm agreed dryly.

 

“I dunno,” Felt grinned. “Could be fun to go and cook up some eggs from the Great Divine
Dragon, eh…?”

 

Old Man Rom sure hoped his granddaughter was joking about that.

 

For reasons unrelated to his Lady’s crude suggestion, Reinhard found himself wincing. That
was the sort of language that he often heard used to refer to himself, after all. An
“insurmountable wall” between himself and the rest of the world…

 

But that was just what it meant, to bear the title of the Sword Saint. He had no right to feel
any particular way about it, really.

 

[“Listening to this is just making me even more confused…” Subaru frowned.
“Basically, normal dragons and The Dragon are treated differently?”]

 

“It’s hard to believe ya needed someone to clarify that,” Anastasia sighed. What other sorts of
common sense was that boy missing…? She dreaded the answer almost as much as she knew,
for Subaru’s sake, how important it would be for them to find out fast.

 

[Ram shrugged listlessly back at him. Isn’t that obvious?]

 

Apparently not. Julius buried his face in his hands. It wasn’t Subaru’s FAULT, but still…!



 

[Subaru glared back with a sour face — only for Rem to pull on his sleeve, raising her
gaze up toward him.]

 

[“As Nee-sama says, there is no reason to worry,” she declared. “If Subaru-kun wants,
Rem will go procure winged dragon eggs right this second…”]

 

[“Hearing you say ‘procure,’ I can’t tell if you’ll be hunting for them in a market or a
bonafide nest!”]

 

Knowing the strength of Rem’s ambitions when it came to such pointless matters, Ram
supposed that either option was possible. She resisted the urge to bury her head in her hands.
Her foolish, reckless, determined little sister had truly been a handful, hadn’t she?

 

—Across the room, Subaru suddenly found himself thinking of the ingredients to Ram’s
special tea and had to fight down a laugh. Those two were sisters through and through,
weren’t they?

 

[“For now, we should start with chicken eggs. —If they turn out to be no good,
THEN I’ll ask you for the dragon eggs.”]

 

“Wrestled ya into submission, eh?” Ricardo chuckled.

 

“Women are like that,” Wilhelm said wryly. The number of times his lovely Theresia had
forced him into things through pure strength of will…

 

[With my commoner’s tongue and taste for cheaper foods, I doubt we’ll tread such an
absurdly extravagant path, Subaru thought inwardly. But the sight of a heartbroken Rem,
shrinking ever smaller in disappointment… I can’t just reject her proposal outright.]

 

[Sure enough, hearing her idea merely being put on hold, Rem’s face lit right back up.]



 

“I can’t imagine dragon eggs would work well with mayonnaise,” Otto hissed, looking
disgusted by the very thought. “They have a very particular aftertaste, so…”

 

“Maybe we should try it one of these days!” Garfiel said brightly.

 

Otto recoiled. “YOU feel free!” he exclaimed. “I will do no such thing, thank you—!”

 

Anastasia smiled as she watched the two bicker. An adjustment that even they had not tried
before, hmm…? Perhaps she could find a way to make something new and tasty out of that.

 

Mimi didn’t like the look on Anastasia’s face. Dread filling her from head to toe, she
subconsciously began to inch away from her Lady — right alongside her two little brothers.

 

(Watching the triplets from behind, Ricardo had to fight down a laugh.)

 

[“Anyways, presenting the second sacred ingredient, cooking oil!”]

 

[“The manor keeps a sizeable stock for everyday use,” Ram said. “It should be alright
even when Barusu wastes it by the vaseful.”]

 

“Not a lot of confidence, eh?” Rachins chuckled.

 

“Eh.” Felt made a so-so gesture with her hand. “I’d trust Big Bro with a lot of stuff, but…
probably not this.”

 

“Discoveries require investments,” Anastasia pointed out mildly. “I’m grateful that someone
else has made those investments in my place.”

 



“YOU—!” Subaru cried.

 

Otto groaned, burying his head in his hands.

 

—Frederica smiled, her eyes on Ram’s unimpressed face. With how protective she normally
was over Lord Roswaal and his possessions, it truly did say something that she had been
willing to sacrifice vasefuls of their Master’s cooking oil in order to procure something that
Subaru had wished for.

 

[“Actually.” Subaru frowned. “Now that I think about it, is it really alright to be using
the manor’s stock like this?”]

 

[I neglected mentioning my mission to Roswaal, but I’d figured it was selfless enough that
he wouldn’t mind.]

 

Frederica’s eyes widened and she hastily coughed into her fist. “Subaru-sama?!” she cried.

 

“S-Suba—!” But Julius quickly found that he was laughing too hard to finish his
admonishment. That poor Margrave was going to find his newest servant blowing through all
his food ingredients some random day on a whim. It really was a bit like he had taken in
some feral animal, wasn’t it?

 

Subaru threw his hands up in the air. “Somehow that reaction feels even worse!”

 

[But at the same time, going overboard and sowing the seeds of discontent… I want to
avoid this at all costs.]

 

A collective wince spread through the theater, for just a moment. Bit by bit, it was getting
easier to throw off small comments like that, but still…!

 



Emilia could feel herself trembling. —For how long, exactly, had her poor, sweet knight felt
that his spot alongside them all in the Manor was so precarious?

 

Rem and Ram both averted their eyes, each thinking the same thing: This is all my fault.

 

[“Please be at ease,” Rem said brightly. “Any ingredients used today, Rem will pay for
them. Subaru-kun won’t need to worry about anything.”]

 

Ram’s eyes widened. Rem choked. “Eh?!”

 

Whatever the intent, both had been abruptly yanked out of their momentary sullenness.

 

[“—I almost went along with your kindness, but now that I think things through,
doesn’t this make me the epitome of human scum?!”]

 

“First using the majority of her savings to pay for his butler uniform behind his back, and
then intending to brunt the cost of Subaru’s culinary experiment all on her own,” Ram
reflected. She pinched the bridge of her nose in an attempt to stave off the headache she
could feel coming on. “Ram’s cute little sister sure is a generous girl, isn’t she…?”

 

“A…” Rem could only stare in disbelief. “Ah…”

 

Mimi crossed her arms with a loud huff. “As she should!” she declared.

 

—But, even though it made her heart sink, she knew that Subaru would never allow that.

 

[Sure enough, Subaru desperately begged Rem to take back half the expenses once he
received his paycheck. Rem refused to yield any further than that.]

 



Wilhelm couldn’t help but shake his head in amazement. No matter how many times he bore
witness to it, the determination of a woman in love was a truly frightening thing.

 

[That overly selfless dedication, I can’t help but feel concerned for her…!]

 

[Subaru wasn’t the only one. Beyond his vision, Ram‘s suspicious eyes betrayed how
her mood had rapidly boiling into something dangerous.]

 

Ram sighed. She knew better now, at least: of all the people she may have needed to worry
about, there was no chance at all that Subaru would ever take advantage of her little sister’s
kindness for his own selfish gain like that.

 

Tivey winced, hard, realizing the trap that Rem had set for Subaru entirely on accident. If he
had agreed to her ridiculous proposal in front of her older sister, even without thinking…!

 

[Subaru held back a sigh, finally pushing onwards. “Well, that should be it for the
major ingredients. All that’s left is, umm, well first there’s salt.”]

 

Wilhelm huffed, visibly amused. “Salt?” he echoed.

 

[“Solte, is it?”]

 

[“And then some pepper?”]

 

Crusch held back a snort. “Pepper?” she teased.

 

[“The peppa is right here.”]

 

[“Sugar…” He paused. “I don’t remember needing any, but might as well have it out.”]



 

Ferris blinked. “Why did that one…?”

 

[“Sugar is prepared as well.”]

 

[“I wonder why sugar’s the only one that stays the same…”]

 

Reinhard held back a giggle. Subaru came from a world where violence was a rarity,
technology abounded, and everyone used silly names for food ingredients. It really did sound
like something out of a folktale.

 

[“Well, Rome wasn’t built in a day,” Sibaru was saying, looking over the ingredients
laid out on the table. How do we go about mixing them, and in what amounts…? “Let’s
take any mistakes in stride as we do this.”]

 

“Rome?” Anastasia echoed.

 

“A powerful historical Empire from where I come from,” Subaru answered. “They had a
bunch of colosseums — er, maybe just the one? — and a bunch of cool myths and stuff. A lot
of its emperors were kind of crazy, though: I think it all finally got split in half when one of
them burned it down on a whim.”

 

Wilhelm nearly choked. That was a far more violent ending than he would have expected
from Subaru’s hometown!

 

“I might be mixing a few things up, though. I don’t remember it all that closely…”

 

“Sounds like Vollachia,” Ferris muttered. Neither Julius nor Reinhard could do much more
than shrug in guilty agreement.

 



[“Yes, understood.” Rem nodded. “So, if a mistake, if Rem makes one, don’t…” She
reached out to grab Subaru’s sleeve with both hands, her frame trembling silently with
horror. “Please don’t throw Rem away…”]

 

“—What?!” Frederica exclaimed. “Over— Over mayonnaise?!”

 

[“Whoa! Why do you look like you’re going to cry?!”]

 

“But that’s the kinda girl Rem is, ain’t it?” Garfiel muttered, wincing. Otto exhaled slowly:
what a troublesome personality that was.

 

Emilia stared at the meteor with large, woeful eyes. “Oh, Rem…” she murmured, her heart
aching at the sight of those glistening, frightful tears of a girl desperate not to be cast aside.

 

[For a girl who judges herself so harshly, an exercise that guarantees failure might be too
much…! Subaru realized. This trial-and-error approach is Rem’s natural enemy, isn’t
it?!]

 

“—Ah,” Wilhelm winced.

 

“Oh, yeesh,” Ferris hissed, his tail curling with tension as he realized that Subaru was right.

 

— But that made this the perfect opportunity, didn’t it? Crusch leaned forward. For a girl
who had always felt the need to strive for perfection, a task that by its very nature required
one to try, fail, and try again and again could be a wonderful way to train her mind out of that
long, long history of bad habits. It would be difficult, sure, and it would be stressful, yes —
but with hard work and dedication, an exercise like that could be incredibly therapeutic.

 

If Subaru were to jump on the opportunity, then his “mayonnaise”-making endeavor could
indeed provide Rem with the optimal opportunity to face her worst fears in a safe
environment, and quite possibly even—!



 

[“You know what?” Subaru said with a nod, trying to comfort the shaking girl as he put
on a bold face. “Accepting failure right from the start, that’s a loser’s attitude. Let’s
take this on like it’ll work out in one fell swoop!”]

 

…Or perhaps not. Crusch sighed.

 

“But it’s not like that’s Big Bro’s job,“ Felt murmured, responding to a similar well of
disappointment in her soul.

 

Rem crossed her arms. If her Subaru’s past and her current selves had swapped places, she
would have forced her old self to confront that ridiculous attitude of hers head-on. She had to
get over it eventually anyway, and the worst thing that could happen here would be the
frivolous wasting of eggs: it was as good an opportunity as any for her old self to train herself
out of those bad habits.

 

Subaru was an admirably kind and gentle boy, but he was a bit too much of an enabler at
times, wasn’t he?

 

(Ferris exhaled in relief, relaxing at the solution Subaru had reached. Thank goodness.)

 

[“Besides, I’m the type that can’t read the atmosphere and somehow succeeds the first
time around. This’ll be cake.”]

 

Emilia winced, thinking of the first time Subaru had met “Satella” in the Capital. Ram
winced, thinking of that first loop when she had doted on him like an annoying little brother.
Rem winced, thinking of that night where she had unknowingly made a promise to a dying
man to cut his hair and accept him as part of her environment. In all cases, it wasn’t really
comparable to…

 

But none of them said anything.

 



[Ah, geez… Subaru looked uneasily over the ingredients. The anxiety from the last few
days suddenly flooded back over him, causing his heart rate to spike. With Rem’s
concerned eyes watching over me, I can’t just haphazardly mix things together…]

 

Wilhelm grimaced. In front of a worried-looking woman, there were few men who would be
able to proceed without caution or false bravado. Such was life.

 

Rem scowled. And now instead of anyone stepping in to smack her straight, her dismal
attitude had infested the very boy she had been attempting to help and brought the both of
them down to her level. What a ridiculous sight.

 

[“This kitchen’s like a battlefield…” Subaru muttered. “Alright, let’s do this. Rem,
gimme an egg.”]

 

[“Yes.” Rem flitted away momentarily, returning with an absolute mountain of eggs in a
basket. “Will two hundred be enough for you, Subaru-kun?”]

 

Ricardo broke into a hacking cough. “Tow-hundred?!” he exclaimed.

 

“Surely we don’t need that many eggs, Lady Anastasia…?” Julius muttered. Tivey shrugged:
he’d watched her make far more extravagant investments than that, really.

 

[“Do I look like I want to swim in mayonnaise?!” Sheepishly, Subaru retriever just one
from the pile to crack into a bowl. “One’s enough!”]

 

Ram and Emilia glanced at each other silently from either side of the room, cringing in
solidarity.

 

“Betty’s contractor must’ve gotten carried away in his excitement after all, I suppose,”
Beatrice sighed, remembering that particular event with disappointment. Even Subaru had
regretted his decisions immediately afterwards, but the fact that he had considered it at all
was…



 

[I can’t show any hesitation, Subaru thought firmly, tossing what he thought was a
reasonable amount of salt and pepper into the bowl. Rem is watching with those hopeful,
expectant eyes of hers. Wavering here and filling those eyes with tears, that would be
inexcusable…!]

 

Rem just looked at her old self with a decidedly unfavorable expression. And after all that
talk about wanting to help him, right? Pathetic.

 

[I have no choice but to believe in myself and my parents’ guidance. —It’s all coming back
now. Yes, when it comes down to it, you just have to keep mixing, mixing, mixing…! That’s
what my parents probably said at one point, right?]

 

“—Isn’t that too much oil?” Reinhard asked weakly, cringing at the sight of Subaru
singlemindedly pouring it into the bowl.

 

“Aren’t nyew pouring it too fast?” Ferris hissed, shrinking away from the meteor

 

“And were you really supposed to mix in everything all at once…?” Tivey asked meekly,
wincing at the sight.

 

“Does Mimi really have to try this, Boss Lady?” Mimi whispered, staring at the growing
monstrosity onscreen with a look of increasing horror and revulsion.

 

[Breath shortens, sweat drips from forehead to jaw, field of vision goes white. Sound grows
distant, color fades from the world. But in turn my senses sharpen. Clawing desperately
toward a frontier unknown, unreachable to man, I pour my very soul into mixing and
mixing and mixing….!]

 

“Oh, EVERYONE’s a critic, huh?!” Subaru retorted. “I’ve never seen any of you do this
before!”

 



“Oh, I’ll be trying it,” Anastasia grinned, eyes focused on the process.

 

“—! That’s NOT what I—!”

 

[“—It separated.”]

 

[It seems that love and passion aren’t enough after all.]

 

“Talk about anticlimactic!” Felt laughed. “All your love and passion came to naught…!”

 

“Well that’s to be expected,” Anastasia said sweetly. “Ya can hardly ever do something brand
new right on the very first try, ya know! You had the right idea at the start, thinking that this
would be an exercise in trial and error…”

 

“You’re just trying to get your greedy hands on the recipe, don’t play nice!” Subaru cried. “I
know your game plan, you sly little—!”

 

“Natsuki-san, please don’t swear at our political opponents!” Otto begged. “Please, Lady
Anastasia, have mercy…!”

 

Anastasia giggled. When a new and shiny (tasty) thing was right in arm’s reach, a rotten
personality like hers had no such mercy to spare.

 

[How many eggs have been sacrificed toward the venerable mountain of failures emerging
in this kitchen? Subaru wondered, about a few hours later. No, rather than a mountain,
it’s more like a yellowish, whitish sea of blasphemy, appalling any who lay eyes on it…
Having lost dozens of eggs to this detestable sea, I can no longer bear such callous
wastefulness of life!]

 

[“Damnnit! It’s not even close!” Subaru wailed. “How could this be! The method should
be about right… What am I lacking!? Damn. In my efforts to bring mayonnaise to



another world, who would have thought that the world itself would rebel against me
—?!”]

 

“So overdramatic,” Wilhelm laughed.

 

“That’s what makes Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun, hm?” Ferris grinned, making a theatrical sort
of shrug. “The very world must be against him at every step, even as he sacrifices his time
and enyergy for the selfless purpose of bringing…! Bringing…”

 

His smile had faltered, replaced with a look somewhere between dread and disgust as he eyed
the failed concoction in Subaru’s mixing bowl. “…What IS that…?”

 

[Using one’s knowledge to bring about a culture shock after being summoned to another
world — isn’t that the type of event I’d dreamed of? But my uncultured, inexperienced self
hadn’t anticipated so many pitfalls…!]

 

“Another book trope?” Julius chuckled. In an entire genre focused on traveling to other
worlds, it seemed natural that such a cliché would arise. He thought he’d quite like to read a
story like that, if given the chance…

 

“Everything’s about his otherworldly fantasies, ain’t it?” Ricardo grinned. Then his grin
faltered. “Although…”

 

Come to think of it, Subaru had stopped seeing the world as a fantasy after his third death in
the Manor, right? After Rem had tortured and Ram had murdered him in the forest, the world
had gone from something magical to something nightmarish — and had only morphed back
to that original ideal after he had settled into that fifth and final loop.

 

On its surface that was a relief: Ricardo would much rather this kid live a life of wonder than
a life of terror. But come to think of it, wasn’t that also a way of marring reality into
something other? If that was Subaru’s main way of coping with…everything that had
happened to him since he’d come here…

 



Ricardo shook his head. Perhaps he was overthinking this.

 

[“Damn, I underestimated the unreasonable nature of this cruel, fickle world,” Subaru
sighed. “If just making mayonnaise strains my soul this far, anything more ambitious is
just impossible.”]

 

—Anastasia scowled, her playfulness stalling for just a moment. The idea of ambition being
something to avoid, of hard work and passion being fruitless endeavors that a person should
not hope to make use of to their full potential, what a rotten sort of mindset that was…!

 

But of course, as dramatic as he may become sometimes, Subaru wasn’t really the type of
person to go and give up when things got difficult. She already knew eh wouldn’t take that
sort of attitude to heart, and so there was no need for her to scold him for that momentary
complaint.

 

[The encroaching despair is threatening to snap my heart in half. And yet, even after
facing such crushing disappointment time and time again, my heart has stayed strong.
Even when reaching and reaching for a place my hands couldn’t seem to grasp.]

 

“Oh, have you?” Rachins snickered. “Isn’t this stupid, though? It’s just a condiment.”

 

“—!” Subaru shot up. “It is NOT just a—!”

 

[But to think that I would revisit this feeling just from making mayonnaise—]

 

Immediately, the entire room sobered up, the laughter petering into silence within moments.

 

Subaru started at the sudden change in atmosphere. “…Guys?”

 

[“Wow,” Subaru commented. “When I think about it, I despair a lot, don’t I.”]



 

It wasn’t without reason, really. Crusch winced. It was… Well. Anyone would despair in the
situations that this boy had been dropped into. It was actually rather remarkable that he had
kept pulling through.

 

Julius swallowed. He hoped Subaru could avoid such desperate situations from now on. He
really did. Thinking something almost the same but just a little more self-critical, Reinhard
averted his eyes.

 

Frederica crossed her arms, disappointing flowing through her once again. After all, the cause
of those great moments of despair had been her very own…

 

[Unfortunately, no matter how many of these experiences I accumulate, I’m not going to
gain any sort of resistance to them, or somehow level up, Subaru lamented inwardly,
suffering failure after failure in his attempts to make mayonnaise. Such a pointless
parameter to be raising so thoroughly…]

 

“…Ah,” Rachins said, trying to keep his voice level. “That’s…” Unfortunate.

 

Hetaro grimaced. Tivey averted his gaze.

 

Mimi’s eyes flickered over to Lady Emilia’s anguished face, and then to Beatrice’s dull-
looking eyes, and then to Ram’s suddenly forcibly stoic and expressionless persona and
Rem’s twisting, squirming expression of utter guilt. She didn’t say anything.

 

[Really, though, Subaru thought, quickly glancing towards the twins. An attitude like
that only invites beratement from Ram and disappointment in Rem, doesn’t it?]

 

It did, of course. But for some reason, Anastasia felt too uncomfortable with the idea of
chastising Subaru for such an attitude to do much more than sit there in a tense sort of
silence. Feeling similarly, Felt shifted uncomfortably in her seat a little ways away.

 



[“The consistency and texture appear to be improving, but the taste is unacceptable,”
Rem was saying. “What does Nee-sama think?”]

 

[“Drizzle the cooking oil gradually over time, seasoning with solte and peppa to taste,”
Ram answered, whisking away alongside her sister as they chatted casually. “Mixing
looks to require quite a bit of patience, so Ram isn’t suitable for it.”]

 

—Ricardo chuckled, doing his best to shake off the sudden somber mood that had enveloped
the room. “Not suitable for it, you say?”

 

“Always trying to get out of work, this one,” Old Man Rom teased. Ram scoffed theatrically,
playing into the bit.

 

Garfiel tried his best to follow her lead. “My amazin’ self ain’t great with patience either,” he
said, making a show of brushing his hair aside. “Ain’t that what they call ‘using the best man
for the job’?”

 

“And somehow,” Otto sighed. “Somehow, that always means I’M the one stuck with
everything you’re not a fan of, doesn’t it?”

 

“Yep!”

 

“How can you admit to that without any shame?!”

 

“…Felix?” Wilhelm whispered, prodding him softly.

 

Ferris shuddered all over, and then shook his head. “I’m fine,” he muttered. “I just — nyeed a
minyute.”

 

[“Wait wait wait, what?!” Subaru exclaimed, having snuck a peak at their bowls. “I’m
the one with actual experience with the stuff, so why do yours actually look like



mayonnaise?!” In particular, Ram’s creation seems slightly closer…! “W-Why?”]

 

Ram folded her arms, looking proud even in the present moment. Rem giggled.

 

—It was nice, that they had apparently been able to help Subaru get something he had
desperately wanted but hadn’t been able to reach all on his own. It really was the sort of thing
the two of them could be proud of, she felt.

 

[“This is the difference between those who cook and those who don’t,” Ram answered
with a bored, unfazed expression. “A trifling lack of knowledge poses no problem at all
to a seasoned veteran. Know your place.”]

 

[“You say that, but have I ever seen you make anything besides steamed yams?!”]

 

Otto snickered at the retort. “Sore loser,” he teased.

 

Subaru sighed. He knew that Otto was right.

 

[“It’s oh-kay,” Rem said with a bright smile, trying to cheer Subaru up as he fell further
into despair at how far behind the twins he appeared to be. “Subaru-kun should use the
methods Subaru-kun believes in. Even if Rem views Subaru-kun’s technique as
irrational, and it seems illogical next to basic cooking theory, and honestly Rem does
think Subaru-kun’s cooking is inexcusable to the eggs. That’s just how Subaru-kun lives
his life.”]

 

Frederica choked. “R-Rem—!”

 

“How harsh!” Otto cried. “Of all— Rem, how—?!” Of all the things he could have expected
from the lovesick girl in that moment, it certainly wouldn’t have been that!

 

Garfiel, however, cackled. “She really does love ya, Captain!” he roared.



 

Across the room, Ram rolled her eyes — at her mortified sister, at a stuttering Subaru, or at
the boy who had kept her as the object of his affections for almost a decade, she wasn’t
entirely sure.

 

[“So it’s finally come, the unintended criticisms that stab like knives to the heart! And
you even take a stab at my way of life?! I don’t wanna be judged like this just for trying
to make goddamn mayonnaise!”]

 

“Don’t say nyer nyot into it when that’s the girl nya fell in love with, Subaru-kyun,” Ferris
giggled. “There’s nyothing attractive about a dishonest boy, nyew knyow!”

 

“Why do you always make me sound like a total masochist, you hairball?!”

 

“Nyew make it too easy!”

 

(Seeing his colleague’s recovery from his momentary despair, Wilhelm relaxed.)

 

[“Ooohh, now I get it,” Subaru said, nodding as he watched them mix while pouring in
oil a little at a time, his eyes wide like sauces. “You can’t just dump it all in at once.”]

 

[“If too much is poured at once, the mixture separates too quickly,” Rem explained.
“Also, the recipe seems to call for consistent mixing. Requiring both patience and
perseverance — quite a compelling dish.”]

 

“Is that so…?” Anastasia mused, hiding a mischievous grin as she laid bare the bait.

 

Subaru took it, of course. “Oi, oi, OI!” he squawked, waving both hands at her from across
the room. “I told you, this is a secret recipe brought over from my homeland, don’t you
DARE—!”

 



“Aww, Natsuki-kun,” Anastasia teased, quietly taking notes on exactly how the twins were
handling the oil and the eggs. “Dontcha know that rotten personalities like mine are drawn to
those sorta secrets the most?”

 

[“Wow! Amazing! Rem, you’re amazing! You did a good job! You did a great job! Good
girl, good girl, WONDERFUL!”]

 

Tivey startled at the sudden onslaught. “Ah—?!”

 

“Laying it on thick, eh?” Ricardo chortled.

 

“She probably wouldn’t get the message otherwise,” Hetaro pointed out. Ricardo had to
concede to that.

 

[“I-Is that so~” Rem gave him an embarrassed but happy smile in return.]

 

[While quite a handful, Rem’s personality is becoming noticeably easy to handle, Subaru
thought with amusement.]

 

Rem scowled. “Easy?” she repeated coldly.

 

Garfiel snorted. “Way to flatter yer girls, Captain,” he cackled. “First Emilia, then Rem…!”

 

“I’m not sure that’s actually accurate,” Frederica muttered. Really, Rem seemed like one of
the more difficult personalities she would have had to deal with.

 

“Natsuki-san’s the easy one, really,” Otto agreed with a sigh.

 

“Wha— I don’t know what to argue against first, here!”



 

—Crusch frowned. Was that on purpose?

 

“Easy to handle” — was Rem acting as that sort of girl because she thought it would be the
type of girl Subaru would appreciate most? …Crusch wasn’t sure how she felt about that
idea, but she didn’t think it was a good feeling.

 

Next to her, Ferris felt a flicker of pride. To mold oneself into the version of itself that one’s
most specialist person would find the most attractive — that was a very important skill for
worthless types like them who existed for nothing outside of serving others. It was satisfying,
to see that Rem had internalized that lesson so throughly.

 

[“Of course,” Subaru pouted. “The whole point of the mayonnaise was to make
ME look good.”]

 

Ricardo barked out a laugh. “Oh was THAT yer plan, here, ya little shit?!”

 

“Of course it was something like this,” Old Man Rom chuckled.

 

“I have no idea how that would even work,” Rachins muttered, his revulsion only mounting
moment by moment at the sight of the substance taking shape within the bowls.

 

Caught between defending himself and defending mayonnaise, Subaru was stuck making
indecipherable squeaking sounds.

 

“Aw, don’t worry, Natsuki-kun,” Anastasia teased. “I’m plenty impressed.”

 

“YOU—!”

 



Come to think of it, Felt suddenly realized, Subaru and Rem were pretty similar in that way,
huh? That sort of constant praise-seeking behavior…

 

She did think it was a little pathetic, but it was also kinda cute.

 

[With some self-confidence, I might finally escape from ‘helpless little doggie’ status.
That’s what I see a lot of in manga and games.]

 

“Helpless little doggie?” Ricardo repeated with a grin. “And here I thought ya liked cute
fluffy things…”

 

“Aww, but Subaru-kyun’s in denial about his own cuteness, isn’t he?” Ferris teased. “Little
doggie’s a pretty apt description, is it nyot~?”

 

“You’re one to talk, cat!” Subaru retorted. “Where do you get off comparing anyone else to a
pet?!”

 

“Ferri-chan would knyow about this better than anyone!” Ferris exclaimed, his tail curling in
glee. “And he can tell that Subaru-kyun is Lady Emilia’s precious, precious little puppy!”

 

Subaru opened his mouth to fire something back, but—

 

“That’s right!” Emilia declared hotly. “Subaru is very adorable, and he is very, very precious
to me — and he’d best never forget it!”

 

“—AH?!” Subaru’s face turned bright red. “E-Emilia-tan — d-did you have to phrase it
like…?!”

 

Ferris just laughed.

 



[But with Rem single-handedly running the manor like clockwork, I hardly ever have a
chance to prove myself. —And even THEN she probably thinks to herself, “Not yet, there’s
no doubt that Rem can go further…”]

 

That…didn’t seem inaccurate. Frederica shook her head slightly as she thought of that girl’s
usual daily workload, as well as her fervent attitude towards taking it all on herself.

 

Rem averted her eyes, suddenly feeling somewhat bashful as her cheeks turned pink. Ram
smiled wryly, but mercifully didn’t say anything.

 

[That was why I challenged mayonnaise, Subaru reflected. But I definitely wouldn’t be
able to do this without Rem, so I was hoping that a he would gain at least a little
confidence for this mission as well… Those are my motivations for this operation. It
DEFINITELY isn’t just for selfish, personal gain.]

 

“I see,” Julius said. His lip was twitching slightly. “To make yourself look good, to obtain
your favorite food — and to help Rem gain some self-confidence. All of those motives are
equally strong, of course.”

 

“Of course,” Reinhard agreed, a look of amusement and mischief in his eyes as he waited for
Subaru’s reaction.

 

Subaru buried his face in his hands, ears red. “Shut up…”

 

“You SHOULD be doing more things for selfish, personal gain,” Anastasia said darkly, eyes
trained on the meteor. “Every time, it’s always about how ya can please the people around ya
with you. Ya need to think about what ya can do to make yerself happy, too, at least
sometimes…”

 

[“But if you do even better than me, then what’s the point?” Subaru lamented
mournfully. “Damn, you’re really messing with the wind beneath my wings.”]

 



[“If we’re talking about messing with wind, that would be Ram’s specialty,” Ram
quipped, arrogant and scornful. “Barusu, take a look at Ram’s bowl.”]

 

Old Man Rom blinked. “—Yer using wind magic to whisk the ingredients?”

 

Felt whistled, watching the miniature cyclone spin rapidly and proudly within the confines of
its master’s bowl. “Cool,” she grinned.

 

Rachins huffed. “Show off.”

 

[“These skills of yours are way too enviable,” Subaru commented, a smile on his face as
he watched the proto-mayo transform.]

 

[“Physical aptitude aside, isn’t Ram’s sharp mind a given? Barusu, on the other
hand…”]

 

Frederica smiled softly. The affection those two had for one another was something truly
special, she believed. It was really rather lovely to watch them banter together in such
peaceful moments.

 

(And yet, everyone in the room still felt it: the underlying cracks that had formed in the
warmth they received from this display, brought on by the fact that they all now knew that
Ram had once—!)

 

“—I think my mind’s a little sharper than yours, Ne— Ram!” Subaru prodded stubbornly,
intent to paint over those cracks as firmly as he could. “After all, aren’t I the one who came
up with the idea to produce that delicious mayonnaise from my hometown?!”

 

It was clear, obvious bait. Part of Ram desperately wanted to take it, but she couldn’t bring
herself to do it anymore. She smiled weakly back at him, and watched with pained eyes as
Subaru wilted in his cage.



 

[Ram and Subaru had both turned to watch Rem, focused intently on the task at hand.
Rem really is whisking away as if her very life was on the line, isn’t she…?]

 

…Would this have been the first time Subaru had asked for something entirely for his own
sake?

 

Crusch titled her head, pondering this for a moment, and then she smiled. For Rem — and for
Ram, too, who had gone along with this with very little protest — this had possibly been the
very first time they found themselves able to do something for Subaru and Subaru alone,
wasn’t it?

 

It was really quite wonderful, that both of them had dedicated themselves to this endeavor so
fully as a result.

 

[“When depended on, one wants to show an impressive side of themselves,” Ram
declared, a slight smile on her face as she watched her little sister’s determined face.
“Ram’s tiny pride as an older sister— Does Barusu have anything that even comes close
to matching it?”]

 

“Tiny pride,” Old Man Rom repeated with a grin.

 

“Ram is a very humble and considerate girl, after all,” Ram declared. Rom chuckled.

 

Mimi averted her eyes, expression cold. Pride as an older sister… She understood that, but it
was exactly that pride that had been making her so angry with her fellow older sister, wasn’t
it?

 

[It’s admirable just how much pride Ram takes in her role as an older sister, leading and
guiding Rem in her own way, Subaru reflected. Of course, her only superior quality is her
excessive rudeness.]

 



Old Man Rom coughed into his fist. “Talk about frank!”

 

Ram huffed, folding her arms and lifting her chin high in the pride of an older sister. Her cute
little sister’s brilliance was her greatest source of it, after all.

 

[“—In the end, if you finish this off, it won’t do any good for Rem’s self-esteem,”
Subaru warned quietly. “Like this, it’ll just be an endless loop of ‘As expected, Nee-
sama is amazing. In comparison, Rem is just…’”]

 

Rem winced. That was probably true, actually. …Really, for all that she had gone on about
atonement, hadn’t her old self’s self-depreciating habit caused more strife amongst her loved
ones than anything else she could have done?

 

Ram huffed, rolling her eyes. As correct as Subaru may have been, it was obvious that his
reasoning for chasing her out of the kitchen wasn’t REALLY because of Rem.

 

“I don’t think it’s just Rem’s self-esteem he’s trying to protect, here,” Otto sighed. “Seriously,
Natsuki-san…”

 

At the sight of Ram’s natural brilliance intimidating his Captain into chasing her out of the
kitchen, Garfiel couldn’t help but throw back his head and laugh.

 

[“And I doubt you want her clinging to me either,” he added.]

 

[I can’t afford to let Rem’s attachment get any more extreme, he worried internally. If her
praise-seeking escalates any further, then one day I’ll be going to the toilet, and Rem will
follow after me, offering to wipe my butt. Talk about nightmare fuel…!]

 

Rem paled, realizing that she could see that future for this old self of hers all too clearly. “Eek
—!”

 



“Oi!” Garfiel yelped.

 

“Subaru!” Frederica shrieked, looking horrified and scandalized.

 

“Alright!” Ricardo exclaimed, clapping his hands together. “I did not need that mental image,
thank you!”

 

“You and me both,” Rachins groaned. Felt shuddered.

 

[“How would that ever happen…?” Ram muttered, watching Subaru’s fearful
expression.]

 

To her horror, the present-moment Ram could only imagine it far too clearly. Her dear,
foolish sister was certainly prone to getting carried away, wasn’t she…?

 

[“—Ram can’t spare any more mana,” Ram decided. “Anyway, if a path is shown to
Rem, she can walk it on her own. Having discovered that path, Ram’s pride is preserved
as well. Will that be enough of a compromise, Barusu?”]

 

[“Definitely not a cute way to put it, Nee-sama.” But then Subaru started, his teasing
abruptly faltering. “—Wait, have you actually been pushing yourself?”]

 

“Seriously?” Old Man Rom chortled. “Well, it’s yer own fault for showing off like that, little
miss…”

 

Rachins snickered. Ram huffed, folding her arms and holding her chin up high.

 

It seemed that even Ram enjoyed pushing herself needlessly far for the sole purpose of
showing off to others, on occasion.

 



—Though, Rem wondered if she would have done something like that little wind magic trick
in the bowl for anyone other than Subaru. She definitely would have done so for Rem, if she
had believed that Rem would have liked to see such a thing, and she likely would have also
played a trick like that for Lord Roswaal’s amusement, but for anyone else…

 

Well. Maybe she would have. Rem didn’t really know, and she was a little too embarrassed
about questioning that to ask it aloud.

 

[If this operation put a burden on her again, like it did back in the forest to the point where
she couldn’t even move, then it would partly be my fault…!]

 

“—! No, it wouldn’t,” Ram said sternly, abruptly turning to face Subaru with a serious
expression. “Ram’s actions are Ram’s responsibility alone, of course. Is that not obvious?”

 

Subaru shrugged, looking somewhat sheepish.

 

Rem watched with slight amusement as her older sister shook her head at Subaru’s concern,
in the past and present both. It was nice, that Subaru had tried to be so considerate of her
even while doing something as silly as this.

 

(His casual affection for the two of them still prickled at the back of her mind. He had
forgiven the two of them, she knew, but at the same time…!)

 

[“Ram honestly sees no benefit in going further,” Ram corrected firmly. “Even if Ram
finishes the mayonnaise, it would only make Barusu happy. Ughhh, the very thought is
sickening. Ram will stop this very second.”]

 

[With that, Ram carelessly tossed her bowl into the sink, earning a shriek from Subaru.]

 

—Had that been Ram’s revenge for Subaru becoming concerned with her wellbeing?

 



Rem giggled. It was easy to forget, with her proud and noble demeanor, but her big sister
could be very silly sometimes.

 

Ricardo cackled, slapping his thigh. “Even when yer being considerate, ya just can’t help
yerself, eh?” he grinned.

 

“Certainly a bold personality,” Wilhelm commented mildly.

 

All things considered, Ram had acquiesced to Subaru’s request with a surprising kind of
sportsmanship: Old Man Rom had rather expected her to make fun of him for clearly trying
to salvage his own pride by chasing her out of the kitchen.

 

But regardless of her intentions, her way of going about fulfilling them always seemed to
involve purposefully bugging Subaru in some manner or another, didn’t it? The persistence of
that trait made Rom laugh. Ah, the determined pride of youngsters.

 

Ram crossed her arms with a proud huff. But her little sister kept giggling, and that more than
anything made her cheeks grow warm.

 

[“Nee-sama?” Rem asked.]

 

[“Rem,” Ram sighed. “Your sister is tired and will be dropping out. Ram will be
drinking tea in the dining hall. Just keep Barusu company until lunchtime.”]

 

“—How exactly do you remember this?” Rem asked her big sister in the present moment.

 

“After chasing me out in an attempt to preserve his pride, Subaru kept busying himself with
his ‘mayonnaise’ endeavor until just before lunch, at which time he had finally perfected it at
the cost of nearly the entire mansion’s supply of eggs,” Ram answered. “Luckily, Roswaal-
sama ended up quite liking the final product.”

 



—She grimaced, remembering the Other thing Subaru had gone and done with that
mayonnaise. But she didn’t want to utter that foolishness aloud, especially not to her dear
sister.

 

[“What a waste,” Subaru sighed, retrieving her bowl. “She didn’t have to throw it out.
How many baby chicks does she think I’ve sacrificed without even getting this far?”]

 

“You chase her off and then get mad when she leaves, hm?” Wilhelm pointed out with
amusement. “Between their pride and their gluttony, young men sure can be fickle at times.”

 

Subaru didn’t have a proper response to that, so he just turned away with a red face and a
huff.

 

[Really, though, my failure streak is beginning to look pitiful.]

 

“Trial and error is a good way to figure out what works and what doesn’t,” Anastasia said
sweetly. “I know I’m learning all sorts o’ things just by watching ya try again and again…”

 

“Will you stop snooping around for the Emilia Camp’s secret mayonnaise recipe, you
vixen?!”

 

[“The texture’s just about there, but…” Subaru stuck his tongue out. “Bleh,
something’s just not right with it.”]

 

[Rich in oiliness, similar in appearance, the contents seem very close to true mayonnaise,
Subaru lamented inwardly. Next to him, Rem joined in his taste-testing. And yet, with
this taste, it might as well be a different food altogether. And the more I try it, the more
disgusting its oiliness seems to become…!]

 

The description alone made Felt shudder. She had been forced to eat many disgusting things
while in the slums, and that description of oiliness rang true with damn near all the things she
had liked the least.



 

“He actually LIKES that stuff…?” Rachins muttered, a similarly revolted look on his face.

 

[It’s not salt or pepper that’s missing. Something fundamental is missing, here…]

 

[“It needs something,” Subaru mused aloud. “What is it, I don’t have a clue…
Sweetness, spiciness, saltiness, it doesn’t feel like any of those.”]

 

“It needs to be something else entirely,” Mimi said crossly. “Just — make daisukiyaki or
something, right? Mimi PROMISES it’ll be better than — than whatever THAT is!”

 

“Isn’t that a little harsh?! You never even tried it before!”

 

[“—Sourness,” Rem realized, her eyes flying open.]

 

[“Hwa?” Subaru asked, jolted from his musing.]

 

[“Judging by this taste, adding a little sourness should greatly enhance the flavor.”]

 

“R…” Rachins winced. “…Really? Of all the things to fix with that stuff — you want it to
taste sour?”

 

The texture sucked, the color was unappetizing, and it made a weird sound against the sides
of the bowl — and now they were going to make sure it tasted even worse than it already did,
on top of all that??

 

[Subaru blinked, and then tasted the proto-mayo once again. Alongside its rich oiliness,
a purely disgusting feeling spreads from this stuff… But what if a tongue-numbing
sourness was introduced? From this holy marriage, a pair of angel’s wings emerge— I
finally see the light—!]



 

“I — guess that makes sense?” Old Man Rom said, though his voice made it sound more like
a question.

 

Felt wanted to roll her eyes at her two companions, but really she was too disgusted by the
sight of the monstrosity onscreen to do anything but commiserate with their incredulity.

 

[“Sourness!” Subaru exclaimed. “Of course, sourness! We need sourness! What, what
should we add!? Sour things, sour things….like oranges?!”]

 

“Ornyaga fruits?” Ferris translated, frowning. “—In what world are ornyaga fruits sour,
though?!”

 

“Perhaps ornaga is sour where Subaru-dono comes from,” Wilhelm replied, also with a
furrowed brow.

 

Wilhelm would have expected the food from Subaru’s homeland to be sweeter when
compared to that of Lugunica, though… He wasn’t exactly sure why he expected that, but he
did.

 

[“Lemomu fruits or vinegie, Rem thinks these would work best.”]

 

[“Lemon juice or vinegar! I think so too! If this works, it’ll be like a dream!”]

 

“…Is ‘mayonnaise’ actually good?” Reinhard asked, watching Subaru prance around the
kitchen in excitement as he rushed to pull out the necessary ingredients. “Genuinely — is it
really as good as you say it is?”

 

Subaru scoffed. “What, are you calling me a liar?”

 



“Betty knows it doesn’t look like much, but it’s incredibly tasty, in fact,” Beatrice declared.
“Rich and creamy, and good on almost anything…!”

 

“Those two are definitely insane when it comes to how they eat this stuff,” Otto sighed,
watching the contracted pair commiserate over their love of mayonnaise. “But it is actually
pretty good, believe it or not.”

 

“Hm.”

 

[“All that’s left is to stir like maniacs!” Subaru declared with feverish excitement,
adding the freshly-squeezed lemomu juice slowly and delicately into his bowl of proto-
mayo as he desperately held back his fiery passion. In another bowl, Rem did much the
same with the vinegie. “Until our very souls wear down to nothing…!”]

 

Crusch’s eyes widened. “Isn’t than an extreme way to phrase that?!”

 

[My throat is dry, but I seek not water, but this viscous substance before me…!]

 

“Ferri-chan believes that this is just how Subaru-kyun talks,” Ferris giggled.

 

“He wouldn’t be himself without his…flair for the dramatics,” Wilhelm agreed tactfully.

 

Subaru’s head whipped around. “What’s THAT supposed to mean?!”

 

[Subaru turned to Rem, who gave him a nod of unwavering trust and support.]

 

“Why are you encouraging him…?” Otto groaned.

 

“Otto-bro, you LIKE mayonnaise.”



 

“But she doesn’t know WHAT that stuff is!” Otto threw his hands in the air. “For all anyone
there knew, Natsuki-san was about to poison himself right there in the kitchen!”

 

“Will you people have a little more faith in me?!”

 

[This strong oily smell, this sour aroma… There’s no mistake. This is it!]

 

“It…” Felt grimaced. “It is…?”

 

“You’re actually eating it,” Rachins breathed, staring with awe and horror as Subaru brought
a finger to his lips. “You’re actually…!”

 

“Mimi can’t watch!” Mimi groaned, covering her eyes.

 

[“—GROOOSSS!! It’s a failure! This wasn’t it at all! BLEH!!”]

 

Wilhelm couldn’t help but snort, coughing into his fist to try and hide his laughter. Ferris had
no such qualms, throwing his head back as he pointed and cackled at Subaru’s shocked,
disgusted face as he recoiled back from the monstrosity that was his own creation.

 

“I could’ve told you THAT,” Old Man Rom muttered, staring at the gloopy white condiment
with badly-disguised disgust.

 

[“Su-Subaru-kun, are you oh-kay?! Did you add too much lemomu juice?”]

 

[“Nononono, this was just fundamentally wrong!” Subaru cried, desperately wiping his
tongue. “It’s like how wasabi and mustard and habanero peppers all have different
types of spiciness! This was the wrong sourness, a total Category Error!”]



 

“Wasa…” Crusch frowned. “Mus… Haba… Category Er… Are all of those different types of
foods?”

 

Wilhelm was pretty sure he had only understood every other word of that sentence. Having
mostly comprehended the underlying sentiment, he found himself chuckling nonetheless.

 

[This final bowl contains the last of our hopes and dreams, Subaru thought, gazing at
Rem with tear-filled eyes. But behind it, a crushing anxiety threatens eternal despair. If
Rem, too, fails…!]

 

Wilhelm watched with amusement as Rem handled her bowl carefully, fully aware of how
much their creation meant to the boy beside her, staring at her with a turbulent mix of hope
and fear.

 

“You’d think the girl was handling liquid gold,” Anastasia chuckled.

 

“Mimi can’t think of anything less deserving of that title than that stuff,” Mimi grumbled.

 

“Onee-chan, you’ve never even tried it,” Hetaro pointed out.

 

Mimi turned her nose up in the air. “And Mimi never will!”

 

[Taking a breath, her face no longer shows hesitation. Subaru narrated in his mind. Her
weak, dependent persona strips away. All that remains is a seeker of truth, a figure
singlemindedly pursuing her objective…!]

 

“Do you always break out into poetry when you’re nervous?” Old Man Rom asked with
amusement.

 



“Well, she got it right!” Subaru declared, folding his arms and doing his best to ignore the
blush on his face. “Rem’s the greatest seeker of truth there is, because she’s the one who
finally managed to get it right!”

 

[“—Rem,” Subaru said.]

 

“A-Ahh…?” Reinhard smiled uncertainly, watching Rem nod her head at Subaru’s beckon.
“So, that is…?”

 

So this was — what “mayonnaise” was supposed to be?

 

Tivey shivered, watching as Subaru’s trust pushed his companion to dip a finger into her
bowl. She hesitated for a moment, staring at the condiment for a few seconds, and then—

 

“I can’t believe you actually ate that,” Hetaro whispered aloud, echoing his little brother’s
thoughts of horrified disgust.

 

[Rem paused for a second, savoring the flavor.]

 

“She…doesn’t LOOK all that disgusted,” Julius said, though he still sounded a little
uncomfortable.

 

[Subaru watched her with an expressionless, expectant face. And then she opened her
eyes.]

 

[“This new flavor born here today,” Rem declared. “We name thee 'mayonnaise.'”]

 

[Scholars shall tell of this moment as the first step in the spread of Mayo Fanatics
throughout the world!]

 



“…Seriously?” Crusch winced.

 

“Don’t knock it ‘till ya try it,” Garfiel declared. “Mayonnaise is actually damn good!”

 

Mimi stared at Garfiel with a horrified expression on her face. “Garf…”

 

Tivey and Hetaro exchanged disappointed glanced. Of course their sister would start crushing
on a guy with taste as horrible as THAT, wouldn’t she?

 

“It IS actually pretty tasty,” Otto said mildly. Frederica sighed: despite its unappetizing look,
she had to agree.

 

Both of them kept their agreements on the quiet side, however: neither of them particularly
wanted the reputation of being a person with eccentric tastes.

 

Subaru stared upon Anastasia's triumphant expression with a look of utter despair.

 

[“—Ah,” Subaru said after a moment of enthusiastic celebration. “We…should have
started preparing for lunch a while ago, huh?”]

 

[Rem’s smile faded. “Ah…”]

 

The theater burst into laughter.

 

“Subaru-sama!” Frederica admonished, trying to stifle her giggles even as Garfiel howled.
“You and Rem — what kind of irresponsible behavior is this?!”

 

“It’s the behavior of a man on a mission,” Wilhelm responded seriously. He tried to quell the
twitching of his lip as he fought down laughter. “I believe I recognize it well.”



 

“Is that really a compliment, Old Man Will?” Ferris teased, giggling up a storm.

 

[“—Ram thought this would happen.”]

 

“Ah?” Garfiel grinned.

 

[“Don’t worry,” Ram declared proudly, presenting a plate full of steamed tatoes.
“Preparations have been made.”]

 

“Thought ahead, didn’t you?” Felt said, an amused smile on her face. Ram folded her arms,
pointing her chin upwards proudly. Across the room, Frederica just shook her head: for all the
impression she might give otherwise, Ram did have a knack for predicting and averting crises
that may arise throughout the manor.

 

“Though really,” Ricardo sighed, shaking his head with an exasperated look. “That kinda
thoughtlessness ain’t like you, is it, Rem…?”

 

—Ram had probably just been happy to see her little sister invested in something that wasn’t
her chores for once.

 

Rem felt her heart grow heavy in her chest. This may have been the first time since they had
become maids that Ram had seen her actually take the time to do something unrelated to the
responsibilities of an employee, of an Oni, of a sister. Her way of dress, the way she spoke,
her hobbies, her lessons — everything had always come down to what was expected of her,
and never what she herself actually wanted to do. And now, even if it was for the sake of
helping Subaru, Rem was finally having fun doing something silly and inconsequential that
she had nevertheless wanted to do.

 

Even the one other moment Rem could think of when she had done such a thing—

 



That version of Ram had been so happy, to see Rem playing with coff and milk. And yet Rem
had somehow taken away all the wrong lessons from that conversation, just as she always
had.

 

…It was probably a thrill to her big sister of this final timeline to both see Rem’s more
playful persona and understand that it was likely here to stay.

 

[Nee-sama’s steamed tatoes are honestly delicious, Subaru reflected. But the thought of
offering it as lunchtime cuisine, to an esteemed noble no less…isn’t that somewhat
questionable?]

 

“It really is,” Ferris snickered. “But nyo point in worrying nyow! Just be grateful someone
was keeping an eye out for nyer daily chores~”

 

“I wouldn’t say it’s questionable,” Emilia said thoughtfully. “Ram’s steamed tatoes are really
delicious…”

 

“Lady Emilia—” Otto broke off with a sigh, giving up before he could really get started. It
wasn’t worth it. Besides, Ram’s steamed tatoes really were delicious: he had no choice but to
agree with that.

 

Crusch giggled, holding a hand to her mouth. She understood that it wasn’t a proper meal for
a noblewoman, but at the same time…

 

Well. There was something very special, about a meal that had been borne from such a
special past between two sisters who loved each other more than anything. In some ways,
that history made the simple steamed tato in front of them arguably seem far more dear and
valuable than anything even the finest of connoisseurs could create.

 

(Crusch wondered if her old self would have agreed or disagreed with her assessment. She
wondered that about a lot of her opinions, really.)

 



[However! Mayonnaise, the root of this predicament, might very well be the solution—!]

 

[“And so, this is the ultimate flavor, handed down by my people, called mayonnaise,”
Subaru declared at lunchtime. “Put it on the steamed tatoes, and you’ll experience its
taste to the fullest. Give it a try!”]

 

[See, there’s a legitimate reason for this shabby-looking meal!]

 

“—The poor Margrave came down and found that his new servant was serving him this
absolute monstrosity for lunch,” Julius sighed, eyeing the unappetizing-looking white goop
topping the steamed tatoes with barely-disguised disgust. He could think of a few nobles who
would have fired a servant on the spot for something like that. Just plain steamed tatoes may
have actually been better.

 

“At least the presentation is nice…?” Reinhard suggested, trying to be nice. Though really,
the luxurious plating really did highlight just how…unusual the meal on the dining table
really was.

 

[“Once agaaaain,” Roswaal said, eyeing the abomination in front of him with a rather
cautious expression. “This is quite a dish you’ve cooked up.”]

 

“Well done on his part for trying to be courteous,” Wilhelm muttered. Ferris giggled next to
him.

 

Old Man Rom just sighed, shaking his head.

 

[“I wanted you all to understand the greatness of mayonnaise,” Subaru answered. “To
accentuate its flavor, I even forced Rem and Ram to serve only the bare essentials. If
you’ve got any complaints, I’ll take full responsibility. And then—”]

 

[“And then?”]



 

[“My efforts from the Mabeast Incident and today’s lunch, they’ll cancel out, and we’ll
call it even…!”]

 

“—! Again with the stupid ideas for what qualifies as proper compensation!” Felt exclaimed,
audibly exasperated.

 

Anastasia scowled. Again with that lackadaisical attitude towards…!

 

She understood that, above all, Subaru wished for the companionship of those around them:
she understood how dear that wish of his truly was by now. But at the same time, a person
had to have a better idea of what their contributions were really worth. Anastasia would even
argue that this was ESPECIALLY true among friends, who could far too often end up taking
advantage of one another if they didn’t communicate that understanding to the best of their
abilities.

 

[“It was the same when you saved Emilia-sama,“ Roswaal said with a wry smile. “But
Subaru-kun sure is aaaawful at spending his rewards wisely.”]

 

[He probably saw though my half-decent explanation easily, Subaru thought. Especially
with Rem squirming all restless and apologetic like that…]

 

Anastasia’s scowl deepened. Throwing away his reward once again — and this time for the
purpose of making someone feel better about themselves. Subaru really was recklessly naïve,
wasn’t he?

 

[And yet Ram is sticking her chest out in pride, with absolutely no qualms with serving
steamed tatoes for lunch. Such courage.]

 

Frederica sighed, shaking her head. Ram smirked, unapologetic even now. “Hah!”

 



“Really,” Old Man Rom chuckled. “But I guess that fortitude is to be admired. On some
level, anyway…

 

—Of course Ram would have been proud. Her little sister had, for the first time in ages, spent
her day doing something silly rather than slaving over her chores. Hadn’t that been exactly
what Ram had been trying to tell her, back when she has found her slaving over latte art in
the kitchen?

 

Rem felt a lump forming in her throat. She tried to swallow it down.

 

[“How is it, Emilia-tan?” Subaru prodded. “Feel like eating?”]

 

“Oh dear,” Crusch giggled, watching the very reluctant look on Emilia’s face. Of course her
reaction would matter the most to Subaru out of anyone there, and there was no way she
didn’t understand that — but at the same time, there was no way the “mayonnaise” looked
anywhere near appetizing. The sheer pressure of that predicament…!

 

“Guess this is what Captain would call ‘being stuck between a rock and a hard place,’ eh?”
Garfiel chortled.

 

[“It’s my first time seeing something like this, so it’s honestly a bit scary,” Emilia said,
eyeing her plate suspiciously. “But Rem guarantees its taste, and Subaru’s so passionate
about it, so I want to believe it’s good.”]

 

Rem received her genuine trust — and Subaru was left with just her hopes that he wouldn’t
end up disappointed by her reaction to it. The difference in how she saw those two made Felt
snicker. “Poor Big Bro!”

 

“Why do all of you always have to make fun of me?!”

 

[Admittedly, it doesn’t have the kind of appearance that invites first-timers to try it without
hesitation, Subaru thought. If it’s come to this, let’s just force someone who won’t hold it



against me too much…]

 

[“Hm?” he asked aloud, looking around the room. “Where’s Beako?”]

 

Garfiel cackled. Otto smiled wryly. Beatrice pouted at the both of them, turning away with a
huff.

 

Julius winced. He knew that Subaru and Beatrice-sama had developed a close enough
relationship that today they were even contracted partners, but it still worried at him greatly
to see Subaru treating a Great Spirit with such casual disrespect. He couldn’t help but fear
that such a tendency might very well get him killed one day.

 

[“Beatrice-sama came in a while ago, but she turned around and left after seeing
today’s menu.”]

 

“Betty was a fool, in fact,” Beatrice pouted sourly.

 

“It is rare, for Beako to be so foolish,” Subaru lamented. “But indeed: passing up an
opportunity to partake in the delights of mayonnaise cannot be calling anything BUT foolish,
I’m afraid.”

 

Emilia giggled. Otto rolled his eyes.

 

“I can’t blame her,” Anastasia muttered, eyebrows furrowed at the unappetizing-looking dish.
“It sure doesn’t…”

 

She didn’t finish that sentence, but most of those around her visibly agreed regardless.

 

Seeing the unconvinced expressions on those outside of his Camp, Subaru folded his arms
with a huff. “You simply haven’t experienced the wonders of mayonnaise yet!” he declared.



 

Reinhard winced. “Yet?” he repeated. “Subaru, are you planning on…?”

 

“Don’t give him ideas, idiot!” Ferris hissed.

 

[“That damn loli, I’ll remember this…”]

 

[Leftovers are unacceptable. I’ll bring some mayo-tato to the library later.]

 

“Oh will ya, now?” Old Man Rom grinned. “Guess the girl just can’t escape him, eh?”

 

“How frustrating for her,” Anastasia giggled. “Some boys just can’t be made to stay away, I
suppose~!”

 

More than amused, Crusch couldn’t help but smile fondly. What a tender sort of affection he
must have had towards that spirit, even back then, for him to go out of his way to bring her
treats and keep her company even when she was determined to lock herself away in her
room.

 

(Ferris felt a pang that stung a little too close to home, and so he turned away.)

 

“Some guys really can’t take no for an answer,” Felt sighed, shaking her head. “—Then
again, some girls really do like to say one thing and mean something else, don’t they?”

 

Rachins snickered. The fact that Beatrice kept letting Subaru come and bother her every day
despite being perfectly capable of striking him down where he stood said more about her true
feelings towards that guy than she would have liked, he was sure.

 

—Oddly enough, Beatrice herself had deflated slightly at Subaru’s proclamation.



 

Subaru noticed. “Beatrice?” he asked, voice turning serious from concern.

 

“…My contractor is too kind, I suppose,” Beatrice murmured.

 

[“Alright, there’s just no choice,” Subaru sighed. “Puck, you’re up.”]

 

Mimi barked out a laugh. Tivey and Hetaro stifled giggled of their own.

 

Julius pinched the bridge of his nose, exhaling slowly. Of course: when one Great Spirit
wasn’t available, of COURSE Subaru would then turn to pester the second in his immediate
vicinity. Why had he ever expected anything else?

 

[Puck blinked sleepily, as if rousing suddenly from a doze. “What, me?”]

 

[Rem plated a smallish tato with mayonnaise in front of Puck, and Subaru watched him with
an intense expression.]

 

[“Puck,“ Emilia said, an apologetic look on her face as she responded to her contracted
partner’s silent plea for help. “Please.”]

 

[“....I’m really weak to Lia’s requests,” Puck said reluctantly, giving his head a light
slap as he turned to the tato. “Guess I’ve got no choice.”]

 

Felt whistled. “He really IS weak to Emilia’s requests if he’s gonna try THAT,” she grinned.

 

“Poor kitty…” Mimi winced.

 



Julius bit back a sharp exclamation. Just Subaru was bad enough for his straining heart, but
now…!

 

“Mimi,” he hissed out. “Mimi, that is NOT a—”

 

[“By the way, if I were to die, then everything but Lia will be frozen in a violent
maelstrom, as sworn in our contract… Don’t forget, alright?”]

 

Julius choked. “—Eh?!”

 

“That’s quite the foul joke!” Crusch exclaimed, eyes widening.

 

Reinhard grimaced and said nothing.

 

[“Don’t reveal something that scary so casually!” Subaru shouted back. “You won’t die,
so stop worrying!”]

 

Emilia sighed at what sounded like Puck’s final farewell. Really, he really could be so very
silly sometimes.

 

[“Nom, nom, pretty tasty.”]

 

[“Hey, don’t just go for the tato, taste the mayonnaise too.”]

 

Old Man Rom snorted. It wasn’t like he could blame the spirit for being reluctant, though.

 

[“Saw through me, eh?” Puck laughed nervously. “Well, here goes. Aah—m.”]

 



He tried. He really did. But Ferris couldn’t help himself: he cringed when he saw that little
jaw clamp down upon that monstrosity of a dish.

 

“He seriously managed to bully a Great Spirit into trying that,” Tivey groaned. “He
seriously…!”

 

“He probably did it with TWO Great Spirits,” Hetaro winced.

 

Subaru had approved the final product, but that was no guarantee that anyone else would
react similarly. From the nervous look on his face, Julius could tell that the Subaru onscreen
understood that much.

 

—From the smug look on present-day-Subaru’s face, however, he had a pretty good guess at
what the final ruling had been.

 

Sure enough…

 

[“Hey,“ Puck said as everyone waited with anticipation, both onscreen and off. “This
actually tastes good.”]

 

“Eh?” Ricardo frowned. “Seriously?”

 

Beatrice couldn’t help but huff proudly as Puck gave the steamed tato an almost-literal stamp
of approval with his front paw. Truly, Bubby had good taste.

 

“Maybe spirits have eccentric tastes,” Tivey muttered.

 

[“Oh, it’s delicious!” Emilia exclaimed, having finally tried it. “Wait, oh no, I can’t stop
myself—”]

 



“…Mimi thinks that spirits aren’t the only ones with eccentric tastes.”

 

Hetaro flinched, hissing. “Not so loud, Onee-chan—!”

 

Anastasia tilted her head. She was still very suspicious, but…

 

Well. She knew how to make it, now, so she supposed that she and her Camp would just have
to decide for themselves once they had the time to test it out.

 

[“My, hoooow delicious,” Roswaal agreed, having tried it only after everyone else at the
table.]

 

If Roswaal liked it, then it must actually be good, and not a simple matter of eccentric tastes.
—Wilhelm wanted to say that, he really did, but the Mathers family was nothing BUT
eccentric. He crossed his arms, sighing in defeat.

 

A half-elf, a Great Spirit, a boy from beyond the Great Waterfall, Margrave Mathers, and the
Oni twins who clearly each had a couple of screws loose. It was a shame that there was
nobody there who could serve as a reliable source.

 

“I suppose we’ll just have to try it and make our decision for ourselves,” Crusch said
thoughtfully.

 

Ferris just barely managed to resist the urge to turn to his beloved Lady with a look of
revulsion on his face at the suggestion. The Emilia Camp’s reactions aside, he was not going
to be putting that goop anywhere near his mouth!

 

(—So he thought, but Ferris knew with a sinking sense of resignation that all Lady Crusch
would need to do is ask. He figured he’d better start preparing himself for that eventuality
now.)

 



[Even Ros-chi’s royal tastes seem satisfied! As a mayonnaise evangelist, I couldn’t hope
for a better result!]

 

“—! The Margrave is NOT a member of the Royal Family, Subaru!” Julius cried. Otto
groaned, burying his head in his hands.

 

Felt just threw back her head and cackled.

 

[“Alright, success!” Subaru cheered, overjoyed as he patted Rem’s back. Even I didn’t
expect such a high rating…! “Rem, you did really great.”]

 

“Didn’t expect it?” Reinhard asked, amused. “But I thought mayonnaise was your favorite?”

 

“I can’t trust you people to have TASTE,” Subaru huffed.

 

[“No, no…” Rem shook her head at his praise, still visibly troubled. “Rem didn’t do
much of anything. These results are the fruits of Subaru-kun’s efforts. Rem was even
careless enough to forget about preparing lunch… Without Nee-sama and Subaru-kun,
Roswaal-sama would have surely scolded Rem.”]

 

[“You don’t need to always think so negatively.” Subaru shrugged, amazed as always at
Rem’s poor evaluation of herself. In reality, Ram and I are actually the ones worth
reprimanding, here… “Ram and I can be at fault too, so why don’t you look at yourself
in a more positive light?”]

 

It had been far more Subaru’s fault more than her own: who exactly was it who had gone and
prepared lunch while he was wasting his and Rem’s time with that endeavor in the kitchen?
—But Ram decided she would let this one slide, for her little sister’s sake.

 

Julius smiled. Subaru really was a kind and generous sort of person, wasn’t he? It wasn’t like
he hadn’t known that from the start, but it was nice to see it demonstrated time and again like
this.



 

[If anything, for convincing Rem to help with the mayonnaise and causing her such
distress… I really should be the apologizing here, huh?]

 

Julius’ smile faltered. That — didn’t sound right. Subaru hadn’t done anything worth
apologizing for.

 

“She…” Emilia pressed her lips together, eyes knitting together with worry. “She was happy
to do it, Subaru,” she murmured. “You shouldn’t go apologizing to people for them wanting
to do something nice for you, you know…”

 

[“—You know,” Subaru pointed out. “It’s all thanks to Rem that we finished the
mayonnaise. With this, it’s like a flower bloomed in a place called the dinner table. I’m
honestly really grateful.”]

 

[This may devolve into a perpetual battle of praising and rebuking. If so, I shall forcefully
push an onslaught of compliments until she has no choice but to accept!]

 

Ricardo chuckled, shaking his head. Atta boy, eh?

 

Rem grimaced. The idea of forcing someone else to praise her over and over again because
she couldn’t be bothered to just accept the words they were giving her with open hands and
an open heart… Low self-esteem was one thing, but that outright denial of someone else’s
feelings would be unbearably self-centered.

 

…But Rem had been a rather self-centered person, whether she had ever actually recognized
that or not.

 

(—Rem frowned. Was she still self-centered?)

 



(Rem didn’t want to be that kind of person, so she made a mental note to keep an eye out for
that tendency of hers.)

 

[“…It’s all…” Fortunately — miraculously — Rem began to brighten just with that.
“It’s all thanks to Rem?”]

 

Felt snorted, leaning her cheek against her hand. “Really milking it for all its worth, aren’t ya,
Rem?”

 

[Rem really does have a simple personality, Subaru thought, smiling wryly. But I can
accept it as one of her cuter points.]

 

“—Simple?” Ferris echoed, his eyes widening.

 

“That’s not really true,” Crusch murmured, her brows knitting themselves together. Of all the
words she would use to describe that girl’s personality, “simple” was certainly not one of
them. “That’s REALLY not true…”

 

…But Crusch would probably use that word to describe this extreme persona that had shown
itself after the Mabeast Incident, wouldn’t she?

 

Old Man Rom frowned. He had thought it before, but Subaru’s faulty description of her just
then really did hammer it home, didn’t it…?

 

The way that Rem was acting right now really didn’t resemble how she had acted at any other
point in her life. Not the little girl at the Oni village, not the young maid at the Mathers’
Estate, not the warrior seeking revenge for her fallen Clan — not even Ram’s little sister.
There were echoes of that person in how she was acting, perhaps, but they were dulled and
muted by this simplistic persona that suppressed some of her natural traits and played up
others to ridiculous extremes.

 



…Had Rem been putting on the cutesy, simple persona of the kind of girl that she thought
Subaru would find the most charming?

 

“Well,” Anastasia muttered, coming to the same conclusion herself. “That would explain a
few things.”

 

Otto shrugged. He thought it was natural, for someone to portray themselves as something
that would bring them benefit from the eyes of those surrounding them.

 

[“Yeah, that’s right,” Subaru declared. “Without Rem, it would’ve been flat out
impossible. Take pride in yourself.”]

 

[“Was Rem useful to Subaru-kun?”]

 

Felt grimaced. She wasn’t sure she liked how Rem phrased that question. A person’s value
shouldn’t lie in how useful they are to someone else. Not to their sister, and not to their crush,
either.

 

The girl’s own self-esteem aside… It wasn’t a fair burden to place on Subaru’s shoulders,
whether Subaru himself had the wherewithal to realize that or not.

 

[“Oh, absolutely,” Subaru declared. “As a true blue mayo-addict, you saved my life. I
was seriously at critical danger level, you know?”]

 

[“Critical danger level…” Rem echoed.]

 

[“It was at the point where I’d have died if I didn’t practically swim in the stuff.”]

 

“Funny you should say that, Subaru,” Emilia giggled.

 



Beatrice frowned. Come to think of it, why hadn’t THAT plan come up yet?

 

“Wait…” Ram’s eyes widened. “Wait—”

 

If it hadn’t been Subaru’s idea, then—!

 

[“But thanks to you, my life goes on. Thank you God, Buddha, Rem-sama, Emilia-tan.”]

 

[The ridiculousness of my praise really does know no bounds, Subaru reflected, even as
he put on the show. But I really am grateful…!]

 

Julius couldn’t help but smile. He quite appreciated that part of Subaru’s character, really: it
was refreshing to converse with someone who couldn’t help but wear their heart on their
sleeve.

 

[“Understood.” Rem’s face was serious as she nodded at him energetically. “Please leave
it to Rem.”]

 

“Hm?” Garfiel frowned. “Leave what to Rem?”

 

Otto shrugged.

 

Ram stared with growing horror as her unthinkable hypothesis slowly gained traction with
the look on her little sister’s face.

 

[“—Hm?” Subaru blinked. What does she…? Well, I’m onboard for anything that
helps her self-esteem. He gave her a thumbs-up. “Alright. I’ll leave it all to you!”]

 

[Gotta go sit next to Emilia-tan now: I want her to praise me more for the meal!]



 

Wilhelm started laughing at the wide-eyed, puppy-like eagerness on Subaru’s face as he
scooted over to Emilia’s side.

 

“Nyew really can see a tail wagging back and forth on cute little Subaru-kyun, can’t nyew?”
Ferris cackled.

 

“Oi, can it, furball!”

 

Garfiel chuckled, glancing from present-day scarlet-faced Subaru to present-day Rem,
watching him with a bemused expression from across the room. “Man,” he said. “You two
really are alike, huh…?”

 

[Behind Subaru, Rem struck a determined, gutsy sort of pose.]

 

Ram wasn’t sure what filled her with more dread: the thought of her little sister being
corrupted by those stupid poses, or the understanding of what she was about to do next.

 

Either way, she found herself burying her face in her hands.

 

“O-Onee-chan?!” Rem asked, sounding a little scared.

 

[The next morning, Subaru couldn’t help but fight back a yawn as he made his way
down the hall. The daily life of a servant starts exceptionally early...]

 

“It isn’t THAT early,” Frederica pointed out with amusement. Garfiel huffed, rolling his eyes.

 

“Maybe you could have let him sleep in a little…?” Tivey wondered, eyes somewhat
sympathetic.



 

“You can’t be THAT soft on the people you’re responsible for, Tivey!” Hetaro lightly bopped
his little brother on the head. “If they coddled him like that, then Subaru would be dependent
on them forever, right?”

 

“It’d be an unkindness to pamper him to an extent like that, no matter how much ya might
wanna spoil him,” Anastasia agreed with amusement. “—But even putting that aside, it’d be
awful rude to spit in the face of his determination to do better, Tivey. Ya should know that by
now.”

 

Ricardo tilted his head. How early DID the average person get up, back where Subaru had
come from…? It seemed to be a much more leisurely world overall, so perhaps it wasn’t so
strange that he was having trouble adjusting to an earlier wake-up.

 

If that was the case, then he’d have to praise Subaru for sticking with it regardless. That
showed a certain enthusiasm and hard-working attitude that he would gladly appreciate.

 

[Yesterday was tough and all, but bringing mayonnaise into this world was a small miracle.
Now all my meals will be accompanied by that viscous oily nectar. It’s all thanks to
Rem…!]

 

Mimi grimaced. She really did have mixed feelings about crediting that woman to that extent.
As grateful as she was for her helping Subaru soothe his homesickness—

 

“Mana of water, heal this body.”

 

…There were some things that Mimi found it difficult to forgive, is all.

 

[“Oh hey, speak of the devil,” Subaru grinned. “Mornin’ Rem-rin.”]

 



“Speak of the devil?” Anastasia repeated with amusement. “Do ya have to reference them
being Onis in every conversation?”

 

“Oh!” Subaru blinked, a little surprised. “That was actually unintentional,” he admitted.
“‘Speak of the devil’ is just a common phrase back in my hometown: it refers to when the
person you’re talking about suddenly appears before you. ‘Speak of the devil and he shall
appear’ and all that.”

 

Anastasia’s smile slipped into a frown. “That sounds somewhat ominous.”

 

“No, no, it’s a friendly sort of statement!” Subaru insisted. “You say it about friends, or
neighbors, or other people you like. It’s not…”

 

[“—Ah, Subaru-kun.” Rem excitedly hopped over to him from the other end of the hall,
apparently having woken up before him. “Good morning to you.”]

 

He broke off with a sigh. Conversations like this could be put off for a later date, probably.

 

[“Oh yeah,” his onscreen self jolted, looking at Rem’s expectant face. “Thanks a lot for
yesterday,” he said gratefully. “It’s thanks to you that I got to re-experience a flavor
from my hometown.”]

 

Mimi averted her eyes, that complex tempest of emotions welling up once more. But she
could let Subaru go ahead and be right about that, in any case. Putting everything else
aside…

 

Yeah. It was nice that the blue-haired sister had managed to give him a taste of home. Mimi
could admit that much, at least.

 

[“No, it wasn’t much.” Rem said that, but she looked so very happy to hear those words
from Subaru’s mouth. “If Rem was able to be of use to Subaru-kun, then that makes
Rem happy beyond words. —It’s oh-kay to praise Rem, though?”]



 

Felt snorted. “You really are laying it on thick, huh?” she said, rolling her eyes. “How
desperate can ya get…?”

 

Reinhard frowned. “I don’t think it’s that bad, is it?” he asked somewhat timidly.

 

“Of course YOU wouldn’t think so,” Felt retorted mercilessly. “You’re just about as bad as
she is, ya big puppy-dog!”

 

Rachins rolled his eyes at their familiar bickering. Old Man Rom laughed quietly, shaking his
head.

 

[I can almost see an imaginary tail wagging happily behind her, Subaru thought with
amusement. At this adorable image, he couldn’t help but gently pat her head.]

 

Ricardo couldn’t help chuckling. Subaru did adore cute things, didn’t he? Of course, most
people did, but for Subaru it bordered on something of an obsession. Perhaps people were
simply like that, back where he came from.

 

Ram huffed, folding her arms proudly. Her little sister really was the cutest thing in the
world.

 

[Rem’s eyes closed and she started cooing softly, apparently in pure bliss at his touch.]

 

Ram choked. Ricardo’s eyes widened and he broke into a loud, hacking cough at the sudden
change in mood.

 

“—Ah,” Crusch managed, her eyes going wide. “That’s, uh…”

 



Next to her, Ferris couldn’t contain his snickering, nearly doubling over in his fit of mirth.
Wilhelm just shook his head in quiet amazement: the boldness of women really was
something else, wasn’t it?

 

Rem felt as though she may faint from the sheer weight of her sudden, unexpected
mortification. What on Earth was her old self—?!

 

[Subaru’s suddenly felt as though he was somehow doing something incredibly lewd.
What in the world am I doing so early in the morning?!]

 

“That…wasn’t really his fault, was it?” Tivey asked uneasily. Mimi shrugged, somewhat
bewildered herself. Anastasia just sighed.

 

Normally Ram would take the opportunity to teasingly deride Subaru for corrupting her dear
little sister. Now she just rubbed at her temples, exhaling slowly as she tried to parse out how
she felt about this one.

 

[“Oh yes, Subaru-kun. Did Subaru-kun sweat a little while sleeping last night?”]

 

[“Huh, no way, do I smell?” Subaru blinked. “Yesterday was pretty hot, now that I
think about it.”]

 

[And I did have some trouble sleeping last night…]

 

Beatrice swallowed. Nightmares, most likely. Subaru had never asked for help with them
before their contract had been settled — and even then, it was Beatrice who reached out for
HIS hand on those nights he whimpered and writhed in his sleep, not the other way around.

 

Those nightmares were because of the girl in front of him, with that innocent doe-eyed
expression on her face. She hadn’t know this, there was no way she could have known this,
and yet…



 

Subaru was doing a good job ignoring it, but Beatrice wasn’t quite so skilled in that area. Not
where Subaru’s wellbeing was concerned.

 

[No matter how much I sniff, I can’t smell any particularly strong smells… Subaru tilted
his head in confusion, having lifted his arm to check. But for Rem to point it out, it must
be quite something…]

 

[“It’d be pretty embarrassing if Emilia-tan noticed, too,” he winced. “I’ll go wash up a
bit.”]

 

Anastasia grinned amusedly. That was right: no lady wanted to be around a man who stank of
his own filth. Good boy.

 

Wilhelm chuckled. How many times had Theresia seen him covered in dirt and stinking of
sweat from practicing with his sword?

 

[“In that case, please make use of the bathhouse,” Rem declared. “If it’s one of the
smaller baths, using it in the morning should be no problem. —Rem will even wash
Subaru-kun’s back.”]

 

Emilia squeaked. “R-Rem?!”

 

Frederica squawked. Garfiel broke into a hacking cough. “E-Eh?!”

 

“Talk about forward,” Wilhelm commented, caught between amusement and amazement.

 

Julius was too busy coughing into his fist, cheeks bright red, to give any of his own
perspective about that particular suggestion. Hetaro watched him with amusement: he
guessed even someone as dense as his Lady’s knight couldn’t mistake an overture like THAT.

 



Rachins sighed, staring at Reinhard’s confused expression from across the room with visible
disappointment. One would think that the Sword Saint had never even had The Talk from his
parents, with how he acted sometimes.

 

…Come to think of it: HAD Reinhard ever had the talk?

 

—That duty was NOT falling onto Rachins, NO WAY—!

 

(Felt watched the mortified expression growing across the former thief’s face with
amusement. Idiot.)

 

Subaru giggled, looking a little embarrassed. Rem buried her face in her hands, her ears
glowing a bright scarlet from mortification.

 

[“Nah, that’s alright. Girls should be more reserved about this sort of thing, okay?”]

 

“—What kind of guy responds to a girl suggesting to join him in the bath like THAT?”
Rachins said in disbelief.

 

“I don’t know, but I’m just glad he did,” Tivey muttered.

 

“Wait,” Garfiel managed. “Wait, Captain— You didn’t understand what she was suggesting,
there?!”

 

Subaru’s visible embarrassment deepened. “I, uh,” he laughed awkwardly. “I…didn’t really
think her feeling like that was on the table back then, to be honest.”

 

[“How disappointing.” Rem passed it off as joke and withdrew.]

 



That had been no joke. Beatrice rolled her eyes, not fooled in the least. Nobody else in the
room seemed remotely convinced, either.

 

“You really are a forward woman, eh, Rem?” Felt teased, the corner of her lip curled upwards
slightly with amusement.

 

“Forward is right,” Old Man Rom muttered.

 

Ram crossed her arms. Rem was correct, to be such a forward woman: whether men be
Roswaals, Garfiels, Subarus, or any other type of man, they were all woefully dense.

 

(Otto suddenly got the offended sense that he had been left out of something related to his
manhood. He grumbled, pulling his hat down over his face.)

 

[If Rem goes so far as to suggest a bath, then perhaps the “smell” is more akin to an
unfathomable stench, Subaru thought. Rem’s fondness for me means this encounter
wasn’t much of an issue. But if it were Ram or Beatrice…!]

 

[“You know what?” he decided out loud. “I’ll take you up on your offer.”]

 

[“Yes.” The glint in Rem’s eyes went unnoticed, Subaru being suddenly desperate to rid
himself of a nonexistent smell. “Please enjoy.”]

 

“—Oh,” Beatrice realized, a little behind everyone else. “It was…”

 

She had assumed that it was her contractor who had been responsible for that — particular
mess. But if he had gotten this far and still showed no particular interest in that particular
recreational activity, then…

 

Quickly, she pressed her hand to her mouth to stifle a bubble of laughter.



 

Ram tried desperately to stave off her growing dread. Rem was her beloved sister, after all, so
even if she had…had…

 

Rem stared at her older sister’s face with growing alarm.

 

[Taking a bath first thing in the morning really is refreshing, Subaru reflected. Back home
I always arrived at the bathhouse at unusual times, only able to take a quick shower… The
life of a shut-in entails the very reversal of night and day, after all.]

 

“Shower?” Anastasia prodded.

 

“Ah. It’s…” Subaru frowned, wondering how to explain that. “It’s basically spraying a
consistent stream of water on your head,” he finally said. “We had pipes and stuff back home
that would do that automatically. It doesn’t take as long as a bath, usually.”

 

“Hm.” Anastasia frowned, filing that away for future reference. If it were a faster way of
getting clean, then perhaps it would be appreciated by folks who just wanted to wash off
quickly before heading out to work. Perhaps there was a way for her to make a “shower” a
viable alternative to a bath, for those who might be interested…

 

[But in this world, taking a shower isn’t even possible — and with girls nearby, I can’t
afford to look shabby and unkempt. So I’ve been putting a little more effort into my
grooming lately…]

 

Though Anastasia wasn’t sure she wanted to facilitate the production of something that
would encourage men to take less care in grooming themselves properly for the outside
world, whatever the possible profit. There was greediness and then there was irresponsibility,
and the intimate knowledge of where one ended and the other began was essential to calling
oneself a proper Royal Candidate.

 

[“But man,” Subaru said aloud, sticking his bare chest out in pride as he glanced
around the wide bathhouse. “Having the bathhouse all to myself, it’s oddly satisfying.”]



 

“—Do we really have to show me being naked again?!” Subaru cried. “I’m getting kind of
sick of this!”

 

“I’m not looking, Subaru!” Emilia assured him loudly, having covered her eyes frantically
once it had clicked for her what was happening onscreen. “I’m not looking—!”

 

[“A comfortably rising steam…” Foregoing the empty large bath sitting proudly in the
center of the room, Subaru approached the smaller one off in the corner that was
normally used in Roswaal’s absence. “Looks like Rem set it up just right for me.”]

 

[She probably quietly adjusted the water for me while I was fetching a change of clothes.
Would’ve been a light task considering her usual workload…]

 

Ram could already feel herself cringing, bracing herself for what was coming next.

 

To think, instead of the mayonnaise-obsessed boy who had taken a dive into that pool, the
one responsible had in fact been none other than—!

 

[“First into the baths, it’s Natsuki Subaru—” Suddenly seeming overwhelmed at the
excitement of being alone in the bathhouse, he began to dash through the bathhouse
with a hop and a step and a jump—]

 

“Please don’t run in the bathhouse, Subaru…” Julius moaned. “With all the wet tiles
everywhere, you could easily slip and fall and crack your head—”

 

[—before leaping gallantly and twirling in midair as he dived without looking at what it
was that he was diving into. “—This bath is all mine!”]

 

Julius abruptly stopped worrying about that, because the realization of something else had
knocked the tirade off course before he could even properly get it going. His eyes widened.



“What the—?!”

 

[“—BLUH?!”]

 

[Pluuooo, went the sound of Subaru’s body sinking into the tub full of mayonnaise.]

 

“Eh?!” Mimi had hastily moved to cover her eyes for politenesses sake, but that disgusting,
alien sound had her abruptly lifting her head out of her hands to stare at the meteor. “Wha
—?!”

 

[What— What the hell?! Subaru’s threw himself out of the bath, rolling around violently
and shrieking in terror, unable to so much as open his eyes against the pressure of the
heavy mayonnaise.]

 

Hetaro’s eyes flew wide, and he bursted into a hacking cough. “What the—?!”

 

“—Rem?!” Tivey shrieked.

 

[Subaru tried to get up, but it was futile. With the sticky, viscous substance covering his
body, every attempt at standing just caused him to slip and slip. When his hands
pressed against the floor, they too just slipped and slipped and slipped. What is
this sensation, what is this situation!? Everything’s all slimy! Oh my god—!]

 

Garfiel was one of the ones laughing loudest at Subaru’s predicament. “O-Oh—!” he
wheezed, trying and failing to stop cackling for long enough to get out a proper tease. “Oh,
CAPTAIN—!”

 

Rachins didn’t even bother to try, howling with mirth as he was.

 

Reinhard wasn’t laughing. On the contrary, face had filled abruptly with a look of panic.
“Subaru—!”



 

[It’s even getting in my wounds!]

 

Ferris abruptly stopped laughing, recoiling violently as the reality of the situation slammed
into him all at once.

 

—That was right. That was right. The situation might be absurd in theory, but in reality that
liquid was thick and gloopy and difficult to move around in, and it could easily suffocate him
if too much got into his nose and mouth, and he was covered head to toe in injuries that could
easily become infected if they were smothered with—!

 

“Oh crap,” he gasped.

 

Crusch’s look of amusement abruptly faltered. “Ferris?” she asked.

 

[This is bad, BUT WHY?! Am I going to die here?!]

 

And just like that, the rest of the laughter filling the theater came to an abrupt stop.

 

[An indecipherable motive. A truly unexpected situation. Subaru’s world had gone dark
and filled with the panic of a life at risk. To let myself taste this fear again after just a few
days…! Subaru couldn’t help but curse himself for that.]

 

“—Oh crap,” Rachins gasped. “Oh crap, he really could actually—”

 

Felt cringed. Oh, shit, this was actually kind of—!

 

Anastasia could only stare as she slowly realized the extent of the situation onscreen.

 



[How could I have been so stupid? How could I have been so careless?! I forgot how
cruelly and mercilessly this world’s God plays with destiny. Oh, you thought you were safe?
Sorry, BAD END! I should have seen this coming—!]

 

How could he have seen this coming? He was just taking a bath — he had just been going to
take a bath, that was it! His coworker had told him that she’d ran him a bath, and so he went
to wash up because he worried he was unclean, and—

 

Julius had often found himself scolding Subaru for his reckless behavior since this
demonstration had begun, but why was it always moments like this — when he had clearly
not been at fault at all — that Subaru began to blame himself for not being careful?!

 

Perhaps Wilhelm could have found these dramatics funny, if a situation like this had
happened at another time, in another place, at the hands of some other person. But right now
—

 

Wilhelm’s hands squeezed the armrests of his chair until his knuckles turned white, his teeth
grinding themselves as he fought back a scream.

 

Rom could only cringe as he watched everything unfold. The silence of the theater only made
it all feel even worse.

 

[Subaru finally managed to wipe his eyes and stare at the ceiling with the look of a
terrified wild animal, sprawled on the floor, but he was still struggling to breathe. I
don’t know what this is. I don’t know what’s happening. Maybe I can call for help? But
what if it’s a trap? What if I call for help and just lead my savior to their grave?! But if I
don’t, then surely the perpetrator will come and finish me off—!]

 

Even in the midst of what he thought was a surprise attack to suffocate him in the bath,
Subaru couldn’t help but put others first. Ricardo wanted to be impressed, but really he
couldn’t feel anything but terror that he could suffocate right there on the floor because he
couldn’t bring himself to just cry for help—!

 



Emilia had remembered this incident as a goofy, cheerful footnote during their more peaceful
times at the Manor. But now, listening to Subaru’s genuine terror— listening to his refusal to
call for help because it might put HER in danger—!

 

Emilia had to try very, very hard not to cry.

 

“—! Guys, you’re taking this way too seriously!” Subaru exclaimed. “I was being stupid!
Just look at me, willing about like that on the bathroom floor covered in mayonnaise. Isn’t
that ridiculous?! I was incapacitated in such a dumb way, and in any case I wasn’t actually in
danger—!”

 

“Captain…” Garfiel trailed off, eyes pained.

 

Maybe Garfiel should have been laughing at the idea of someone drowning in mayonnaise.
Maybe he should have been teasing Captain about what an embarrassing way to go that
would be. But it wasn’t funny, when Subaru really had died before — and by this same
culprit’s hand, no less. It wasn’t funny, when his thoughts echoed with genuine terror that this
time, too, might end with…

 

(Garfiel loved to tease his friends — his brothers most of all — but he had his limits
regarding what he could stomach. Mocking Subaru for…this…would cross a line. Even if
Subaru himself didn’t seem to see it.)

 

Otto didn’t say anything. He just watched, a cold look on his face.

 

[“If I die — hide my body for three days!” Subaru gasped, giving his last rites aloud in a
panic. “In that time — make preparations for— Hm?!”]

 

Beatrice frowned. That felt like a reference to a story Subaru had mentioned from his
hometown once or twice, of a man who let himself be killed before rising again on the third
day, intending to bear the sins of everyone else in the world.

 



…She wasn’t sure if she liked that comparison much.

 

[Suddenly, a particular sensation spread across his tongue. Viscous, oily, and above all
else, a hint of sourness—!]

 

Frederica couldn’t help but cringe at the thought of cleaning that bath after it had been filled
to the brim with mayonnaise. To be covered head to toe in it, meanwhile, was a horror she
couldn’t even imagine…!

 

[“Yes!” Subaru’s shouts for help quickly became garbled and muffled by his
predicament. And yet, as if she had been standing right outside all along, Rem dutifully
came rushing in. “Did you call for Rem, Subaru-kun?!”]

 

“—YOU NEARLY KILLED HIM!” Mimi snarled, eyes wild and frantic as she leaped to her
feet, shaking violently from head to toe. “You nearly— You nearly killed him AGAIN!
What’s wrong with you?!”

 

“Onee-chan!” Tivey objected, desperately pulling her back down. “Onee-chan, you’re not
exactly wrong, but—!”

 

Hetaro just sighed. From the looks of it, Rem didn’t even seem to be paying attention to
Mimi at all: she seemed far too caught up in her own horrified realizations of that exact same
thing.

 

[“How is it, the feeling of swimming in mayonnaise? Rem did her best to satisfy Subaru-
kun’s request. —Rem doesn’t mind being praised?”]

 

[It took Subaru a moment to respond. And when he finally did —]

 

{"ARE YOU AN IDIOT?!"]

 



Emilia let out a shuddering breath, and then forced herself to smile. They had decided that
they would maintain a sizable stock of mayonnaise after this incident, because it was tasty
and it would be nice if they always had some of it. But even with that fond memory to
comfort her…

 

“That really wasn’t very nice, Rem,” she murmured, her brow furrowed. “It really wasn’t…”

 

Ram wanted to defend her little sister, but she just couldn’t find the words for it this time.

 

—Having watched the entire scene in utter silence, Rem could only stare at her old self in
disbelief as she apologized profusely to an irate-looking blob-monster version of Natsuki
Subaru, who seemed to be attempting to scold her through the mayonnaise still covering him
from head to toe.

 

“R-Rem was, ah, a little traumatized after this,” Subaru said, trying to lighten the mood again
as he forced a laugh. “You were really good at making mayonnaise, but you never really did
get over that first impression, so Ram ended up taking over from then on. My attempt to use
mayonnaise to boost your self-esteem really did backfire…!”

 

Rem forced herself to laugh, even though she really didn’t see the humor in this situation at
all.

 

The theater was quiet for a long, long moment.

 

[“One, two, three, four! One, two, three, four—!”]

 

—Garfiel was the first to get over the shock of that uncomfortable scene enough to bark out a
more cheerful exclamation, doing his best to do his part in lightening the mood again.

 

“Radio calisthenics!” he crowed. “Ya got the entire Irlam Village involved in that, Captain?”

 



“He… He did it every morning,” Emilia confirmed. Slowly, she began to smile warmly
again. “As soon as he had recovered from the Wolgarm Incident enough, he was out there
every morning to play with the villagers. It was nice…”

 

“He still sometimes gets up and tries to head out to Irlam Village for radio calisthenics on
impulse, in fact,” Beatrice grumbled. “And he keeps dragging Betty with him, and then he
doesn’t remember that he’s far away in Miload Manor until he’s already out in the woods…”

 

Subaru chuckled, a somewhat sheepish look on his face.

 

[“Without this, I would lose out to Rem-san, who he sees every day…” Petra muttered
aloud.]

 

“—Eh?” Rem said aloud. “Lose to me?”

 

Ram snorted. She had teased him about it before, but she knew well and good that Subaru
would never see someone this much younger than him in a manner like that. The little girl
known as Petra had lost that particular battle from the very start.

 

(Though, Ram was not yet entirely certain whether or not she wanted her dear little sister to
WIN.)

 

So, it seemed that Petra had acknowledged Rem as her love rival — and a formidable one at
that. Wilhelm fought back a laugh, not wanting to diminish young Petra’s determination, but
he couldn’t stop his eyes from twinkling with amusement. That look on her face as she
thought of Rem’s natural advantage in time spent with their mutual crush was of a girl who
had recognized someone as her lifelong rival in love.

 

“Victory over Rem is the condition for my first love. It will be a fierce, hard-fought battle,
even for my cute and unrivaled self.” —Old Man Rom had the feeling that was the thought
going through Petra’s mind just then. He sighed, feeling a mix of amusement and exhaustion.
Youngsters were something else.

 



“I know,” Ram commiserated with the giant, huffing slightly.

 

“…I didn’t say anything.”

 

“You said enough.”

 

It went even deeper than the old man had realized. After all, though Ram knew that Petra saw
radio calisthenics as embarrassing, but she also knew that Petra had gone around waking up
all the adults in her village every morning, including her parents and Muraosa, until it
became a habit for all of them to wake up in time to do radio calisthenics with Subaru as part
of their morning routine. Really, nothing would ever keep that girl from giving something her
very best effort once she had decided upon it.

 

“‘It’s hard to be noticed by Subaru if you’re just cute,’ according to Petra,” Frederica recalled
with amusement. “‘Do not sit on your laurels, do not neglect efforts to improve yourself, and
do everything you can to know your enemy.’ That’s what she said.”

 

“'A character brimming with uncomplicated goodness and a kind personality,'” Ram
reflected quietly, her amusement fading. Rem blinked, turning to listen. “She never did think
his servant uniform suited him well—” Important, for a girl interested in clothes. “—and she
thought he made a terrible first impression, but his gentle soul was what won her over, she
says.”

 

Uncomplicated goodness, a kind and gentle personality… Rem thought such a description
was all too lacking. There were no words to describe what she had witnessed, when he had
extended a hand her way again and again even after all he had experienced at the other end of
her own.

 

“It’s a little sad,” Otto sighed, shaking his head with amusement. He could see Dyne and
Cain with stars in their eyes just behind her, and he already knew they didn’t stand a chance.
“Even with multiple boys floating after her…”

 

It seemed Petra had never been able to see any of her childhood friends as anything but
siblings, or any of the older men in the village as anything but older brothers and fathers.



Subaru had truly come about as her very first crush, and she had fallen hard and fast. —Otto
felt sorry for them, a little bit, but more than anything he couldn’t help but laugh at the
innocent expression of childhood playing out before his eyes.

 

Frederica giggled. “I feel a little bad for Meina, too,” she whispered, eyes shifting to a
similar-aged girl nearby. “Petra doted on her as a little sister for so long, but then Subaru-
sama came and stole all of her attention, and right when Meina had a little sibling on the
way…”

 

Come to think of it, Meina had been the one to write “I love you” on Subaru’s bandages. Of
course, she hadn’t meant it in the way that Petra likely would have, but Frederica wondered
how Petra would have reacted if that had come up in conversation. Perhaps she would need
to ask her later.

 

—Anastasia didn’t laugh.

 

If Petra’s ambitious desire was to win Subaru’s heart, then Anastasia could not laugh. Even if
she knew that Petra was too young for him, even if she knew that Subaru was smitten with
someone else, the fact remained that it was of great importance to Petra. And so, Anastasia
could not — would not — dismiss it with a laugh.

 

Instead, she silently praised that ambition shining in her eyes. The look of a calm mind, the
look of a clear head, the look of a naturally competitive personality that knew how to put up a
good fight, the look of a girl who had decided what she wanted and began to plan a way for
her hands to reach out and take it for herself… Anastasia could only look on with a great
sense of pride.

 

—Perhaps Subaru was a lost cause, but one day Petra would fall in love again. And when she
did, Anastasia had no doubt she would take the lessons she learned here and apply them to
their fullest to reach the summit that she craved so.

 

[“Alright, Victory!” Subaru crowed happily, finishing up radio calisthenics for the day.
“Let's gather! See, there's a reward for being here today!”]

 



“—A tato stamp?” Anastasia said aloud.

 

“Subaru carved a new tato stamp every day,” Emilia giggled. “He gave all the villagers a
little card, and then every time they participated in radio calisthenics, he’d stamp the stamp of
the day on their card. They always looked forward to seeing what the new design would be
each morning…”

 

There was nothing to be gained by collecting them, not really, but it had been a fun thing to
look forward to in that small village. —Petra was one of the people who loved the tato
stamps, but that was more because, for the most part, Petra loved everything that Subaru did.
Emilia couldn’t help but smile at the memory.

 

[“Oh, Petra, you did a great job of keeping your arms and legs moving this morning,”
Subaru greeted warmly.]

 

[“Hehe, really?” Petra giggled. “Was it cute? Was it cute?”]

 

It was no secret that Petra prided herself on being cute, Frederica thought with amusement.
But she was also a very cunning girl who would not be satisfied with relying on looks alone.
This was what had led to her applying to become a maid of the Mathers Estate, after all —
and Frederica already knew that it was the attitude that Petra carried with her while chasing
her first ever crush.

 

[“Oh, it was cute, it was cute!” Subaru agreed brightly. “And for such a cute Petra, I'll
give you a bonus, and…”]

 

[But just as he was going to stamp her card, Subaru’s hand slipped, and the tato stamp
fell to the ground.]

 

“Ah?!” Reinhard exclaimed, eyes widening. “Not the…!”

 



It was such a cute little stamp, after all, and Subaru had put such effort into it! If he were to
see it get destroyed…!

 

Next to him, Subaru couldn’t help but snort. “It’s just a tato stamp, Reinhard,” he teased,
even as his old self attempted to scramble after it. “I can probably make you one, if you’d
like.”

 

Reinhard was a little too late at stopping himself from visibly perking up. He coughed into
his fist, but Subaru’s laughing face let him know that the damage had been done. He sighed
with surrender, and then just said what Subaru already knew: “…I think I’d like that.”

 

[“…Yes. Don't panic.” Emilia’s voice answered his panicked scramble to pick it up
calmly, and a hooded figure reached for the tato stamp, easily picking it up and handing
it to him. “You're just scatterbrained.”]

 

“You’re one to talk, I supposed,” Beatrice huffed. Emilia was a notorious airhead, after all.

 

Otto sighed nearby. In that respect, Subaru and Emilia were one and the same. …There were
many respects where that was the case, really.

 

[“Who even says that these days?” Subaru teased.]

 

[“Don’t make fun of me.” Emilia poked his forehead lightly.]

 

It was far from a typical relationship between Lady and attendant. But as he watched them
tease each other gently with matching feelings of warmth and fondness (even if only one
party was looking at the other with the pinkness of romance in his eyes) Julius didn’t think he
could ever dare to describe it as anything but its own kind of wonderful.

 

Subaru scowled at him from across the theater. “I can already tell that you’re thinking
something annoying, jerk.”



 

[Petra was looking at the unfamiliar hooded, feminine figure with a look of suspicion, as
if wondering if there was such a person around Irlam Village. “Hey, Subaru…”]

 

[“—Mm, oh, oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry,” Subaru shook himself, turning his attention back
to Petra as requested. “Okay, let's resume. Let's stamp it!”]

 

[And he stamped the participation card — but Petra wasn’t paying to the pattern left
behind at all.]

 

Anastasia started giggling at the suspicious look in Petra’s eyes, which were glued to
Subaru’s face. “‘Too happy,’ is what she’s thinking, hm?”

 

Rom could already feel the headache coming on. He stifled a groan: youngsters really were
something else.

 

[With a single motion, Petra let go of her card, making believe that the wind had
carried it right to Emilia’s feet.]

 

Mimi snorted. “Clumsy,” she teased.

 

Tivey batted her slightly. “She’s just a kid,” he scolded. “Don’t be mean, Onee-chan…”

 

Hetaro’s eyes remained on Petra’s calculating face. Had she thrown the card in that direction
just so she’d have an excuse to…?

 

[“…Huh?” Emilia said aloud. “You dropped this. Here."]

 

[And thus, Petra was given the chance to peer under her hood.]



 

“Ahhh,” Ricardo laughed, coming to the same conclusion as Hetaro. “Clever girl, ain'tcha?
She reminds me a bit of herself, Ana-bo!”

 

Anastasia swatted at him. “What have I said about calling me that?” she scolded. She said
this, but she herself couldn’t keep herself was smiling.

 

The dismay that swept across Petra’s face was the dismay of a girl who found herself facing a
new lifelong enemy on the battlefield of love — and one far more formidable than the last.
Felt nearly barked out a laugh at the sight of it, as though a battered soldier were seeing a
fresh enemy party enter the front lines.

 

Rachins huffed, feeling a little jealous. It wasn’t like little Petra was anything close to a babe,
but for Subaru to have multiple girls looking at him like that…!

 

It wasn’t that he was all that interested in chasing girls at the moment. But it’d be nice,
probably, to be the sort of guy that multiple girls would look at with eyes like that.

 

[“―?” Emilia tilted her head curiously at Petra’s wide-eyed expression. “What's
wrong?”]

 

“Ahh…” Wilhelm chuckled, correctly guessing Petra’s thoughts on the matter. “Another
opponent had entered the battlefield, hm?”

 

[Petra’s eyes darted between Subaru and Emilia, no doubt having correctly assessed
Subaru’s feelings for the silver-haired woman.]

 

Crusch frowned, titling her head. Petra liked Subaru, she understood that. Subaru liked
Emilia, she understood that as well. But why would that constitute Petra and Emilia
becoming enemies…?

 



Ferris watched Crusch’s face as she attempted to puzzle this out, and he couldn’t help
giggling. Cruschie was wise and intelligent and amazing in so very many ways, but when it
came to the subject of romance she had always been a little…

 

The similarities to her past self stung his heart just as much as they soothed his soul.

 

[“—Bleehh!” Petra stuck out her tongue, unable to find any other way to fight back
whilst struggling with her first love.]

 

The theater burst into uproarious laughter at the familiar, childish response.

 

“Petra!” Frederica snapped. Next to her, Garfiel was practically howling. Otto sighed,
suppressing his giggles as he shook his head.

 

[“Eh?!” Emilia exclaimed, Petra childishly declaring war on her as she snatched back
her participation card. “Why?!”]

 

In the present moment, Emilia found herself laughing alongside everyone else. She was
pretty sure she understood, now, what it was that had happened that day. At the time she had
been frightened that perhaps the young village girl had seen her as a half-elf with silver hair
even beneath her cloak, but now…

 

Really. She and Petra both, they could be so very silly sometimes.

 

[“Being cute is not enough to win,” Petra muttered, softly enough that neither Subaru
nor Emilia heard her as she left. “The world is a very big place…”]

 

Rem hadn’t laughed at all, and now she nodded somberly. In a world like this, she doubted
that cuteness alone could get one very far in life. Those were good words to keep in mind.
That went for herself — but it also went for Subaru, who was very, very cute indeed…

 



Ram sighed. She could already tell that her cute little sister was thinking something absurd.
Some things would never change, perhaps.

 

Subaru leaned his chin against the palm of his hand, smiling softly. He would never see her as
anything but a child, he knew, but Petra really was an adorably precocious little girl. He
hoped she would find someone her age who knew to appreciate her properly someday.

 

“—If he doesn’t, I’ll be sure to string him up by his ankles!” he said aloud, a streak of
indignant anger flaring up at the thought. “No delinquent is gonna get away with mistreating
little Petra like that, not on my watch!”

 

Beatrice sighed. Her contractor was being ridiculous again, she supposed. But, in fact, that
was one of the things that made Subaru so very, very cute…

 

So, perhaps she could let it slide.

Chapter End Notes

As a quick disclaimer, I will say that the original [Mayonnaise Scramble] side story
ended like this:

*

[“How is it, the feeling of swimming in mayonnaise? Rem did her best to satisfy
Subaru-kun’s request. ----Rem doesn’t mind being praised?”]

[/Praise me, praise me,/ her smiling face seems to say.]

[Standing up, Subaru uses the towel to wipe off the rest of his mayonnaise-laden body.
And, returning Rem’s innocent smiling face with his own smile,]

[*“ARE YOU AN IDIOT?!”*]

[In the early hours of the morning, Subaru’s yells boom throughout the bathhouse.]

[Seeing his soulmate, mayonnaise, wasted so callously, Subaru feels a rage like no other.
Eventually, an oversleeping Ram awakens as well. At her elder sister’s hands, an
apologetically kneeling Rem suffers a lecture of unspeakable length, unspeakable
severity, and /unspeakable violence./]



[“It’s tasty, so it’d be nice if we always had some,” Emilia says in the aftermath. So it
was decided that a sizeable stock of mayonnaise would always be maintained at the
Roswaal manor.]

[In the end, the plan to use mayonnaise to boost Rem’s self-confidence backfired
spectacularly. After this incident, Rem still bears a trauma toward mayonnaise. Despite
her genuine skill in making it, it ultimately fell to Ram to produce mayonnaise for the
manor.]

*

I didn't change much, but I did tone down Ram and Subaru's reactions to the mayo-bath
just a little bit. I couldn't see Ram shouting at her little sister with [unspeakable
violence] in basically any circumstances, nor could I see Subaru actively, GENUINELY
traumatizing Rem over something like this (or at least, not without bringing it up again
at some point as a guilty memory). I chalked up both of these inconsistencies to the fact
that they were some of the very first side stories written back when Tappei was early in
the Web Novel and everyone was a little bit...off, when compared to their final
personalities. I really changed very, very little, but I didn't want to Not Tell You. So
consider this your disclaimer.

Happy New Year!

 

SIDE STORIES INCLUDED:

[Ram’s Older Sister Heart is Complicated]

[Emilia’s First Date]

[One Day 1, Part 1: Withdrawal Symptoms]

[One Day 1, Part 2: Mayonnaise Scramble]

[The Loving World Petra Saw]

SIDE STORIES REFERENCED:

[Royal Selection Life From Zero: The Golden Lion and the Sword Saint]



End Notes

Man, juggling all these characters is probably gonna be really hard, lol

List of Audience Members:

Emilia Camp: Emilia, Beatrice, Otto, Garfiel, Roswaal, Frederica, Ram, Rem

Crusch Camp: Crusch, Ferris, Wilhelm

Anastasia Camp: Anastasia, Julius, Ricardo, Mimi, Tivey, Hetaro

Felt Camp: Felt, Reinhard, Rom, Rachins

Works inspired by this one

Watching Iruma-kun be welcome to demon school by Juacal

Please drop by the Archive and comment to let the creator know if you enjoyed their work!