The Spider
Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at https://archiveofourown.org/works/48788560.
Rating:
Archive Warning:
Categories:
Fandoms:
Relationship:
Characters:

Additional Tags:

Language:
Collections:
Stats:

Mature
Creator Chose Not To Use Archive Warnings
F/M, Multi
The Avengers (Marvel Movies), Spider-Man - All Media Types,
Fantastic Four, X-Men - All Media Types
Felicia Hardy/Peter Parker
Peter Parker, Wanda Maximoff, Felicia Hardy, Fantastic Four Team, XMen (Team), Gwen Stacy | Spider-Gwen, Avengers Team, Mary Jane
Watson, Jean Grey, Spider-Woman, Jessica Drew, Thor (Marvel), Odin
(Marvel), Loki (Marvel), Hulk (Marvel), Bruce Banner, Tony Stark,
Jarvis (Iron Man movies), Steve Rogers, Carol Danvers, Asgardians
(Marvel), Guardians of the Galaxy Team, Frigga | Freyja (Marvel),
OC/S.E.X.Y, Dwarves - Character, Dark Elves - Character, Infinity
Stones - Character, Richard Parker, Flash Thompson, Liz Allan
(Marvel), Midtown High School Students, Harry Osborn, Norman
Osborn, Doc Ock, The Shocker - Character, Sandman - Character, The
Vulture, Doctor Strange, Nick Fury, Natasha Romanov (Marvel),
SHIELD Agents
Action/Adventure, Science Fiction, self-insert kinda, Multiverse, Smart
peter, Genius Peter, Sex, BAMF Peter, Inventor, Little Amounts of Time
Travel, Some Dimension Hopping but not much, Lots of Marvel,
Comics/Movies/Shows, X-men - Freeform, Avengers - Freeform,
Fantastic Four and Five, S.W.O.R.D - Freeform, Hydra, S.H.I.E.L.D Freeform, Sinister Six - Freeform, more like Sinister Sucks, Hard
Working Peter, Dwaves, Asgard, Outer Space, SI knows a lot about the
Marvel universe, independent Peter, The best spider-man fic
English
My Entire History
Published: 2023-07-23 Updated: 2025-04-24 Words: 218,750 Chapters:
29/?

The Spider
by Maxtori
Summary

Waking up in a hero's body is one thing, being a hero is another. SI, where Peter Parker's
body is taken over and the new owner realizes the world needs a hero, it needs a Spider-Man.
Fully using Peter's genius, the new Spider-Man finds a balance between being a hero and a
teenager. Will include MCEU and more. REVIEWS.
By Imjusttryingtofindmyway

Chapter 1
The pain felt in my hand was immense, like a hot iron pressed up against my skin. Whatever
it was borrowed through my skin and into the veins in my hand. I grunted in pain holding it,
trying to hold it it, but a roar of pain came out loud.
"Argh!"
And then suddenly, I realized I was somewhere else.
The floor was pristine marble reflecting my face, my skin was pale, my hair brown and I was
wearing the biggest pair of circular glasses I have ever seen in my life.
"Mr. Parker, ae you okay?!" someone called out.
I looked down, the face looking back mirrored my looks. 'Was that me?' I asked myself
unbelievingly. My hand stung, and looked down and saw it sewing to twice it's size with two
bright red bite marks near my knuckles.
"Mr. Parker? Mr. Parker?!" someone shook me.
I blinked as I looked up and found a crowd of students looking at me. They were all looking
at me like a caged exotic animal, and right before me was a woman that looked to be around
fifty with black hair greying at the sides.
A name popped into my head, 'Mrs. Sonada', that was her name, she was a biology teacher,
my biology teacher. I blinked, 'that's not right. I've never meet her before in my life!'
"Mr. Parker!" Mrs. Sonada called out once more, "are you okay?"
I blinked, "I-I yeah, I am," I responded on reflex, suddenly a sharp pain ran through my hand
and I flinched, my hand was hurting, badly.
"That looks bad, we should get that checked out," she whispered, turning to the rest of the
class and announced, "aright class we're cutting the class short! Everyone get your buddy and
walk out to the parking lot!"
"Alright! Guess puny Parker was good for something after all!" a tall blond teenager yelled
out to his friends.
I looked around, I was in a lad of some kind, people in lab coats were walking around,
monitors showed the DNA of a human being manipulated, numbers ran through them, I didn't
know how, but I understood every single one of them.
"Come Peter, I'll get you checked up," Mrs. Sonada whispered as she guided me out. Outside
a large yellow school bus was waiting for us, we got on and she put me in the front with her. I
could feel a fever coming on, sweat pouring down my brow. And slowly, darkness.

I remembered seeing flashes in my head. Getting off the bus and into a hospital gurdy. A
doctor looking me over before informing that I was suffering from an allergic reaction. He
informed me to have a week's bed rest and somehow I managed to grunt in understanding.
I remember someone picking me up, his face was aged, his hair white and cut short. But the
moment I saw him I knew he loved me and cared for me. He drove to outside the city to a
suburban area where he took me into a humble looking house that filled me with warmth.
I was put on a bed that was made, the moment my head hit the pillow my eyes shut for good
and I began to sleep.
Memories upon memories came into my head. I could recall so many events in my head that
weren't a part of my life. Names, people, mathematical formulas so advanced I knew I
shouldn't be able to even think up of them, but somehow I did.
There was a school, a kid being bullied. A house and two relatives taking care of him with
nothing but love and kindness. A kid growing up to be a genius without equal, but shunning
his own genius out of fear for being unaccepted. And then finally I was hit with a name.
Peter Benjamin Parker.
And with a gasp I woke up.
I jumped in shock and found myself ascending towards the ceiling. Acting on instinct my
body swerved, arms and feet smacking against the ceiling. There was a jerking motion,
instead of falling back down I was stuck there, looking at the world upside down.
I was panting, I could feel my body cool down. I looked at my arms and feet stuck on the
ceiling of my room. I pulled one hand back, pieces of the roof came peeling off, still stuck to
my fingertips. I was horrified, I wanted to let go, and suddenly I was falling down.
My body twisted again and I stuck the landing on the mattress. I looked down at my hands, I
could feel something there. I focused on the swirls on my fingertips, and there between the
lines were small razor sharp protrusions that were curved inwards.
"Holy shit," I gasped and looked around. I found a book with the name, 'Peter B. Parker',
plastered on the front. I looked at the mirror and sure enough a frail skinny teenage boy with
brown hair and pale skin looked back at me.
"I'm Spider-Man," I gasped in realization.
'What the fuck?!'
A few days later:
It took me a day to fully come to terms with what has happened to me. I pretend to still be
sick every time aunty May or….uncle Ben….woah those names were strange to say. Anyway,
I pretend to be still in need of bed rest and they left me alone.

I spent a day trying to remember just what the hell had happened. I was alive and well in
another body, another life. And now I was here, in the body of Peter Parker, somehow with
all his memories and his genius mind.
It was almost like I was Doc Ock and I took over Peter's mind in an effort to become the
'Superior Spider-Man' or something. Though last I checked I wasn't a fucking super villain!
I checked my memories, or rather Peter's. The spider bite had just happened, that was the
pain I felt when I...arrived? into his body.
I tried to figure out what kind of world I was living in. You know, classical Spider-Man,
Ultimate Spider-Man, maybe one of the movie verse Spider-men? But so far I had nothing. I
did however find out that in this world Tony Stark had outed himself publicly as Iron man, so
there was a big chance I was currently living in some version of the Marvel movie universe.
Peter also didn't have many friends, even Harry Osborn was more of a study partner than an
actual friend. No Gwen Stacy, no Mary Jane, no one. He was frankly a very lonely kid.
I learnt that in this world Peter was smart, extremely smart. Scary smart. Like if he was
pushed far enough he could become the next Doctor Doom, given enough time of course. He
hide most of his intelligence because he was afraid of being an outcast, more than he already
was that is.
The feeling of have so much more processing power was startling to say the least. My brain
was functioning at a pace I'm not used to, but at the same time I had no problem keeping up.
It was after all my brain.
I did wonder how the hell this happened. How did I end up in this body? If the Marvel
universe was real, and my world was one where they just existed as comic book character,
did that mean all those celestial beings were real?
Did one of them do this to me? Put me in Peter's body just to see what would happen? A test?
I sighed as I opened the window to my room and stepped outside, sitting on the window sill
as I watched the sun rise on my second day in 'bed rest'.
I took a deep breath and looked around at the beauty around me, I was right now at an
impasse. Should Spider-Man live? That was the question.
Being Spider-Man was something Peter did out of guilt for getting his uncle killed. But with
me, I don't really think that's going to happen. I wasn't going to let the old man die, it would
be too much of a chip on my shoulder. So that option was out of the question.
I also didn't particularly like the fact that being a hero basically ruined Peter's life in so many
aspects. Romantically, socially, heck even his superhero lifestyle was stressed with JJ always
harassing him with the Bugle and the people calling him a menace.
Plus to be fair, I wasn't a fucking hero. Why the hell should I risk my life for others? I was a
genius, maybe I should just invent gizmos to help people, I could be the next Reed Richards

and save more lives as Peter Parker the inventor than I ever could as Spider-Man!
With my mind made up I go out of Peter's room...I suppose it's my room now, since I was
Peter Parker. Just who the hell did this to me?
I went downstairs and found Aunt May cooking breakfast and Uncle Ben already awake and
getting ready for work. I blinked, "good morning?"
Aunt May looked up and smiled, "ah! Peter! So good to see you awake and moving about?
How do you feel dear?"
"Better," I shrugged as I sat down at the dining table. May placed a stack of pancakes before
me, I eagerly grabbed one when I found it looking a bit dry, "ah...I don't mean to complain,
but this pancake is dead."
"That's because it's a rye pancake," May exclaimed with a grin, "I found recipe on the
internet! It's supposed to help with any unhealthy foreign substance in your body. So eat up!"
I grumbled, "didn't anyone ever tell you not everything you read on the internet is true?"
Ben chuckled, "he has you there May."
"Oh hush you two, eat up Peter, I want you at full strength today!"
I shrugged as I dug into my pancake, "so what's so special about today?"
"Well you see, Anna Watson's niece is coming over today, the poor dear had to move due to
family trouble. She's going to be staying with Anna, and we were wondering if you would
talk to her, helped her settle in."
My mouth froze as it opened to swallow the disgusting pancakes. I turned to May with wide
open eyes, "you're kidding."
"Peter she's a perfectly fine girl, just a little shy. But if you're not feeling up for it then-"
"-No!" I yelled quickly surprising them both, I quickly added, "I mean, I would love too! I
feel great! Better than great in fact! When is she coming?"
"A-around noon I think," May replied unused to my enthusiasm, "are you sure Peter? I don't
want you to stress yourself."
"No stress Aunt May, it would be my pleasure," I bit into the pancake and immediately
stopped chewing, "this tastes like cardboard."
Ben laughed heartily as May glared at me, though I really didn't mind. Uncle Ben left for
work soon after breakfast, so I decided to take a shower and get ready.
I put on Peter's best clothes, which was a t-shirt under an open buttoned plaid shirt and jeans.
It wasn't fancy, but it was sadly the least nerdy thing Peter had. I was so going to have to

change his entire wardrobe. I also discovered I didn't need glasses, no surprise there. At least
now I wouldn't look like a total nerd.
I was ready by ten, and honestly I was excited as hell. This was Mary Jane Watson for God's
sake! The girl of Peter's dreams! The woman who he'll one day marry! Sure there was that
whole bullshit redcon thing, but fuck that!
I honestly didn't know why I was so excited. Maybe it was because I was going to meet a
pretty girl, maybe it was because I wanted to see Mary Jane in real life. I honestly didn't
know what I should expect, I wasn't going to be Spider-Man, would she still like me?...Did I
even want her to like me?
What am I saying, of course I did.
But the fact remains, it was ten, I still had two hours to kill. So with nothing else to do I sat
down before the couch and turned on the TV, surfing channeled until I reached the NEWS.
The anchor spoke, "billionaire Tony Stark, also known as the superhero Iron Man, was see in
Flushing Meadows in Queens today working on what many assumes to be a new expo. Not
much in know about this expo, on scene reporters and bystanders have however snapped
several photos and posted it online, these include pictures of Mr. Stark in his signature Iron
Man suit, helping construct various attractions. Though we don't know what this expo will
bring, many assume it will announcing the launch of his suits for public commercialization."
My eyes went wide, the Stark expo, the beginning of Iron Man 2, guess I was in the Marvel
cinematic universe.
I kept listening to the anchor as she went on and on about Stark's tech and how the
government was growing worried about them. I knew there was nothing to worry about, Tony
was an okay enough guy, but I did understand why they were scared. They didn't realize
aliens were real and they would need a hero like him helping them out.
This also meant something for me, I was in the Marvel cinematic universe, and I wasn't a kid.
If Sony didn't hoard the rights to Spider-Man then Spidey would have been introduced to the
MCU much sooner, I guessI now live in a world like that.
I whiled away two hours like that, learning more about this world I now found myself in, and
soon the clock struck 12. May arrived just in time, dressed in her Sunday best and nodded at
me, "I'm glad you decided to dress up Peter, I just know you'll make such a nice impression."
I blushed at the comment and followed her out. We crossed the road and knocked on the door
of the house directly across from us. A few moments later, Anna Watson, a kind older lady
with grey hair and a warm smile welcomed us.
"Ah Peter! So nice to see you! I heard about your little accident are you sure you're alright to
be up and about?"
I smirked, "I'll be fine. I was just a spider bite."

"Oh that's my Peter," May smiled, "when I told him about Mary Jane he was so excited!
Practically jumped at the chance!"
A blush grew across my face as I glared at May, "aunt May! Stop!" In response the old lady
just giggled, crazy old woman.
"Well come on in then," Anna invited us in, showing us her home. It was homely, pretty
pictures hanging up, a TV and fully furnished with antique looking furniture.
Just then a girl with wet hair came rushing down the stairs, two at a time, wearing green
shorts and a purple tank top, holding a hair dryer. "Aunt Anna, the damn thing's broken
again-"
She stopped as she realized she wasn't alone. I looked at her, and her eyes landed on me,
widening in alarm. They were so green, her wet red hair clung to her scalp making her look
that much more desirable.
I couldn't help it, it was the perfect timing, I whistled and smiled, "damn, looks like I just hit
the jackpot."
Her face turned red as she blushed. May and Anna looked surprised, guess they never
thought Peter had it in him. I chuckled at the silence, "so, you're Mary Jane?"
The girl nodded, "y-yeah. Hi.
I nodded and looked down at the hair dryer, "not working?"
"Ahm, yeah, it just kind of stopped," she nodded slowly.
I held out my hand and she passed it over, I took a look at it and using Peter's remarkable
knowledge of mechanics realized the problem, "the motor's fried, I can probably fix it for you
Ms. Watson, shouldn't be too hard."
"That would be lovely, thank you Peter," Anna nodded before turning to MJ, "Mary Jane,
maybe it's time for you to put on something more decent."
"Ah, right," the redhead nodded quickly before turning around and walking upstairs. She
looked back at me one last time, and I met her gaze. She was looking for something, I knew
it, I just smiled back.
When she finally closed her room door I turned to Anna and May, "I'll go to the hardware
store and get the parts to fix it Ms. Watson, I'll be back soon."
"Why don't you wait for Mary Jane to get ready Peter? Maybe you two could go together,"
May oh so subtly suggested.
I shrugged, "sure. No problem."
"Oh look at you, acting so innocent," Anna giggled, "didn't I tell you they would hit it off
May?" I tuned the two old women out as they proceed to gossip about me and MJ.

It took a while but soon the redhead returned, this time she wore a pair of jeans, a hoodie and
sneakers. I looked her over and smiled, "I liked the other outfit better."
"Peter!" May gasped scandalously, "that is no way to treat a lady! I taught you better than
that!"
I looked into his memories, she was right, she did. I turned to MJ and bowed, "I am so sorry
my lady, my actions have been so uncouth! I beg thee for a thousand pardons for my rash
behaviour!"
Mary Jane chuckled, "you're Shakespear needs a little work there Tiger."
"Shakespeare? I was doing my best fancy pants impression."
"That's Shakespeare."
"Ah, so the voice has a name." She laughed, yay, she likes me!
Anna gave us some cash and quickly sent us out, she told us to buy lunch outside after
getting the dryer fixed and just like that MJ and I were talking side by side.
"So what do I call you?" I asked her as soon as we stepped out.
"Hmm?"
"Mary Jane, seems like a mouthful," I shrugged, "do you have a nickname?" Which I knew
she did, but I needed to make small talk.
Mary Jane shrugged, "most people call me MJ."
"Hmm, cool, but not creative. How about Red?"
"Red? Really? And you complied MJ wasn't creative enough."
I shrugged, "I'm sure we'll figure something out. I'm Peter by the way, Peter Parker."
"Oh I know, my aunt won't stop going on and on about you. I figured she must have some
sort of crush on you" she teased.
"Hm...tempting, she is a MILF, totally my type," I teased back.
MJ's eyes went wide, "what?"
"Kidding," I chuckled, "I actually like redheads." Mary Jane blushed. "So, where are you
from MJ?" We talked all the way to the hardware store a few streets away. She told me how
she was joining my school on Monday, I gave her a few tips but generally avoided topics like
friends, since Peter didn't really have any.
We had to talk a little further away to reach a restaurant to get lunch, though I didn't mind,
and neither did MJ. We sat and ate, I threw about a few jokes, she laughed, she teased me, I

blushed, it was a great first date. Well...maybe not a date….
We came back to her home and found our aunts still chattering in the sofa. I sat down in the
dining room table with the broken hair dryer and began to open it up with a screwdriver Anna
had lying around.
As I fixed the machine MJ watched, whistling as my hands glided over it, "you're pretty good
at this huh?"
I smiled, "very good. I'm sort of a nerd, in case you don't know."
"Believe me, I know," I looked confused, she clarified, "no one can talk about Star Wars that
much and not be a nerd." I blushed, she was right, I did talk about that movie quite a bit.
"So is this what you want to be when you grow up?" MJ asked as I replaced the motor.
"A handy man? No, my ambitions are a little higher," I smiled.
"Like what?"
"Like...well….I honestly don't know. I know I'm smart, and I can probably do a lot of
good...but I don't know what."
MJ smiled, "maybe you should build yourself a suit of armor and fly around saving the
world."
"Neah, the suits are more Tony Stark's thing," I chuckled, "besides, being a hero is dangerous,
and the job has a horrible pay off."
"Well heroes don't be a hero to get thanks you know, they do it because they're heroes."
I sighed as I leaned back, "is it a bad thing that I'm not that selfless."
MJ looked concerned, "what? No, I just meant-"
"-I know what you meant, I get it. It's just...why do they have to be heroes? Can't they just be
normal?"
MJ looked at me, hoping I wasn't angry at her, and seeing as I wasn't actually and just
curious, she thought "well...maybe because if they don't...who will?"
"The po-" I stopped, I knew how ridiculous that sounded, the police? Yeah right, they could
barely handle street crimes let alone fucking aliens from outer space and metas! Heroes
needed to be born...but maybe not Spider-Man.
I sighed, "yeah...you're right."
I did manage to fix the damn blow dryer, much to Anna's gratitude. MJ and I spoke a lot,
mostly about school and her life before moving here. We also talked about superheroes,
though she quickly learnt it was a touchy subject for me, though she didn't know why.

We exchanged numbers to keep in touch and I left her with a promise to see her again the
next day. And judging by her smile she seemed to like that.
That night though I found myself in the basement in the small lab Peter had set up for
himself. It was filled with chemicals and other gadgets he had toyed around with. I sat down
and opened the junk drawer, pulling out two broken watches with metallic straps.
I looked them over and sighed, I got to work.
The formula for what I wanted to make was difficult to make. It took all my brainpower to
even think off creating the chemical chain needed to produce webs. The chemical would react
when exposed to air and solidify into a sticky elastic and nearly unbreakable structure. The
problem was creating them as I would be working from scratch.
It wasn't finished in one night, though I did make progress. The next day I spent with MJ, I
helped her catch up on some homework and taught her some basic chemistry. We did get
distracted a lot, talking about books and t.v. shows, but that gave me a reason to come again
tomorrow to complete our lessons.
The nights I spent in my basement lab, working on the web formula. It was a pain in the ass
to be honest, I nearly caused a small explosion when I accidentally mixed the wrong
chemicals. Luckily I managed to catch it before there was a chain reaction, or else Peter go
bye bye.
I was on doctor's orders to stay home all week, so I took total advantage of that. Everyday I
switched between MJ and the web formula, making progress with both. MJ and I even began
to chat during the night, though she always complained that I kept her up.
On Friday night though, I cracked the code. I could synthesize the formula and when I tested
it out, I found it to be perfect.
The webs created lasted for twenty minutes or so and they weren't very strong, which was too
be expected since this was my first try. They could carry 300 pounds of weight, but any more
and they would snap.
And now my next problem, creating a pressurized cell. For this I had to buy a small soda
machine with my allowance and modify it a little. Now instead of pushing gas into liquid, it
would push the web formula into a small lithium battery sized disk that was good for 50
yards of web.
I used the two broken watches as the body of the web shooters. I emptied the dial out and
took out the small screw in the side. I used the screw hole as the shooter for the webline, and
for the trigger I used a metal pressure pad that could be pulled out like a measuring tape.
And on Saturday night they were done. Two brand new web shooters made out of Uncle
Ben's old watches. I looked down at my creations with pride and a little confusion.
After all this time I honestly didn't know what I made these things. I hadn't decided to be
Spider-Man, I knew I wasn't hero material. But...but what MJ said really struck a chord with

me. So maybe I made this as a way of keeping the door half open, to keep that option half
open.
I grumbled, snatching the shooters and stuffing them into my back pockets. Whatever the
reason, they were here now, whether I liked it or not.
The next day MJ came over to hang out, and she didn't tell me, deciding instead to just stop
by.
I was snoring into my pillow when she threw the door wide open and zippered, "morning
sunshine!"
"Wha?!" I yelled in surprise jumping out of my bed ready to fight. I had a bad dream about
the green goblin coming to kill me, singing 'Itsy Bitsy Spider' as he did. It was not a nice
dream. I blinked my sleepiness away as I realised MJ was staring at me.
"Oh, it's you MJ, sorry about that, nasty dream," I grumbled rubbing my hair, she however
didn't say anything. She was staring at me, "MJ? You okay?"
"Ah hum," she nodded dumbly as she leered at my body. I looked down and noticed that I
wasn't wearing a shirt, it was too hot for a shirt.
I blushed, "ah...maybe you should wait outside."
"No, I'm good right here," she shook her head, her eyes not leaving my abs, she whistled,
"damn, looks like I just hit the jackpot!"
"Dude! Seriously!"
"What? You saw me in my PJ's!"
"Hey I didn't stare!"
"Oh please! You were totally checking me out!"
"No I...well, okay but….ah! Out MJ!" I turned her around and pushed her to the door.
"I don't know why you're so upset," she chuckled I closed the door behind her, "you should
be happy a girl's checking you out!"
"Out!" I grumbled slamming the door shut. I quickly got ready and put on a fresh shirt and
jeans before going downstairs to see Aunt May and Uncle Ben hosting MJ.
"So are you excited for your first day?" Ben asked MJ.
"Yes Mr. Parker, Peter's been helping me prepare, so I think I won't have any problems with
the subjects," MJ smiled.
"Well that's lovely dear, I'm glad Peter and you are getting along so well," Aunt May smiled,
she noticed me coming down, "ah, speak of the devil!"

I glared at MJ, "peeping Tom."
"Suck it up Tiger," she smirked.
"Morning uncle Ben, aunt May," I greeted them as I sat down eating the breakfast Aunt May
prepared. I turned to MJ as I munched on some bacon, "what's up peepers?"
"Are you still on that?" MJ asked rolling her eyes.
"Peepers," I repeated with a glare.
"Whatever. Anyway I just came over because I have exciting news!" she pulled out two
tickets and practically shoved them into my face, "Hamlet, Apollo theater, tonight. You in?"
I took the tickets and whistled, "damn, these are some great seats. How did you get them?"
"My mom got them for me," MJ smiled, "she wants me to get used to the town and have
some fun. So…. you in?"
"Most definitely!" I called out before I felt to glares hit me. I gulped and turned to my aunt
and uncle, "you know...if that's okay with you two."
Ben stopped the glare nearly instantly, "of course it is kiddo! Have fun!"
May groaned, "I don't know Ben, it's awfully late. They'll have to come back by train and you
know the stories we hear about those late night trips."
"Oh it's all right, our Peter here will just beat anyone who even tries won't he?" Ben asked
with a grin.
I smirked, "damn straight."
May protested some more, but after MJ, Ben and I kept pleading with her she eventually
agreed. But not without making sure MJ carried some pepper spray for her own protection.
After breakfast I took MJ back into my room where I booted up Peter's old Nintendo 64 and
loaded Smash bros. I taught MJ how to play and needless to say she was a master at it.
Something about hitting me with a giant hammer just seemed to appeal to her.
We had lunch at home and then got ready to leave. Before I left though Uncle Ben stopped
me and slipped me a hundred, he winked, "make it a good night champ."
I smiled, "thanks Uncle Ben."
We took a cab to the train station and caught the first one into Manhattan. MJ kept going on
and on about how the play troops were one of the best in the city and how I was going to be
amazed. And I belied her, in my old life I was an admirer of the theater, though now my
interests were...elsewhere.

We reached the city with time to spare, so I insisted we explore the place. Peter had done so
before, not in detail, so I did have some idea on where to go and what to see.
We went to the Central Park and enjoyed a nice long walk. MJ liked the greenery, and I liked
her smile, honestly I think I might be falling for this girl. It's it's been what? A week? Damn
you Peter Parker, I just know this is all somehow your fault!
We reached the theater just in time for the play to start. MJ was excited and I shared her
enthusiasm, a good Shakespearean play was something to be excited about.
The play lasted for three hours, but it felt like it much shorter. The actors were amazing, each
leagues above anything I have seen before. They were energetic, ecstatic and hypnotic in the
way they delivered their lines. But while MJ enjoyed the play, I was focused on something
else.
The story itself was one of revenge. Hamlet finds out his father had been killed by his uncle,
and he now wishes for revenge. The premise was similar to Peter's own life, his uncle dies
and he looks for the killer.
But there is a major difference in their stories. Hamlet kept postponing his vengeance, and in
the end that costed him. He had a duty to his people, his subjects, to remove a man who
would kill his own brother for the crown. He had failed his duty and his family resulting in
the death of all he cared for.
Peter on the other had taken upon that duty, that responsibility and he grew the better for it.
Was what I was doing right? Was Spider-Man really what I needed to be?
This question plagued me, but I pushed it aside and focused on the drama, though the
question never truly left.
And then it was over.
"That was so freaking cool!" MJ yelled out pumping her fists. A few of the other patrons
looked at her and chuckled at her enthusiasm.
"Yes it was Peepers," I nodded, "it was something else."
"Did you see how they acted? God, it was like they were actually going to kill each other on
stage! And Hamlet, oh, that guy, I felt like yelling, 'do something you ass! That's your
mother!'."
I smiled, "oh no, you've caught the bug."
MJ blinked, "bug? What bug?"
"The theater bug," I replied, "symptoms include a love of the theater, love for drama and an
insurmountable desire to be under the spotlight."
"Hey, that's mean," MJ pouted, "I just like it okay."

"I know, I know, but I stand by what I said. Besides, I think you would be a great actress," we
walked down the streets, the city still active even though it was the middle of the night.
"R-really?" MJ asked.
"Of course, why, you don't think so?"
"No, I do, but...no one ever thought I could do it..."
"Well I'm glad I'm the first," I smiled as he reached out and grabbed her hand in mine. She
didn't hesitate, as she squeezed my hand back, "I'm serious though, you would be an amazing
actress."
MJ smiled, "thanks Peter, that….that means a-"
KABOOM!
Time seemed to slow down, I felt something inside me vibrate as my body started to move on
instinct. I pulled MJ closer and wrapped one arm around her chest, jumping to the side.
A large slab of concrete flew past where we were just moment ago. I landed to the side with
MJ holding on tightly. We saw the slab of concrete embed itself into a building side, breaking
apart into spices of iron and concrete.
"What was that?!" MJ cried out.
"I-I don't-"
"GRRRR!"
It was an Earth shattering scream. My grip around her tightened as we turned to roar and saw
Harlem burning. There were people running away in fear, fires burning, cars broken down
into pieces, roads destroyed. It all happened so fast, I couldn't believe what I saw next.
A monster, 20 feet tall with big bulging muscles and skin shredding along the side and bones
protruding outwards. It stood naked except for a pair of torn shorts. I took one look at it, and I
already knew it's name.
"Abomination," I whispered in horror as I realized too late that MJ and I were right in the
middle of the final fight between Hulk and the Abomination. This was the final fight scene,
and Harlem was going to be destroyed.
I looked down the road, people were screaming and running and out of a crater formed in the
middle of the street and green hand came out.
"No," I whispered, the hand pulled itself out of the ground revealing a green figure growing
in size slowly, "no," he grabbed the tattered remains of his shirt and ripped it off, "no."
"Hulk!" Abomination cheered in joy, "come face me!" The two titans of power charged each
other, and that was when I knew we had to run.

"We have to move!" I yelled as I held onto MJ and took off down the road. Hulk and
Abomination charged each other each step they took was like a thunder clap, until they meet
in the center and threw them eat each other, causing a sonic boom from the impact that
shattered glass.
I was swept off my feet from the impact, I went flying into the air, but landed on my feet with
MJ held safely in my arms.
I looked up, Abomination had the upper hand, he threw Hulk through a firetruck. I sighed in
relief, they were taking their fight elsewhere.
I looked down at MJ, she looked at the fight in horror, "are you okay?"
"Y-yeah," she nodded, "w-what is that thing?!"
I searched Peter's memories, and yes, he did follow Bruce Banner's research and knew about
becoming the Hulk, I could share this information without anyone finding out.
"That's the Hulk," I pointed at the green monster currently breaking a cop car in two to use as
brass knuckles, "I...I think's one of the good guys."
"We need to get of here!" MJ called out.
"R-right," I nodded, the Hulk could handle himself, she was right, we needed to be safe. I put
her down and we ran away, following the crowd of people before us. But as we did I saw a
man stuck under a light post, people ignored him and ran, his legs were bleeding as he yelled
for help but no one came.
I stopped, I couldn't help it, I didn't like seeing people suffering. I ran to the lamp post and
grabbed it, "hey man, don't worry, I'll pull you crawl out, okay?"
"Peter?" MJ asked in surprise as she saw me with the man.
The man panted, trying to not think of the pain he nodded at me. I pulled with all my strength
and felt the post slowly rising up, thank you spider strength!
He shimmed out under the pole, but it was too slow, I couldn't hold the pole up for long, I
wasn't use to this kind of stress. I was just about to drop the pole again on him when MJ ran
to the man's back and pulled him out completely as I dropped the pole down with a pant.
"Thank you," the man gasped.
"It's okay," MJ nodded to him as she pulled him to the side away from all the fighting.
I turned around, there were more people screaming, more people getting hurt from the
random debris flying about from the battle between Hulk and Abomination.
The monster were fighting like no tomorrow. Abomination kicked Hulk through several
building before jumping up to follow him. I saw a military helicopter lower down from the

sky and rain down bullets into the Abomination as he jumped onto the building's rooftop and
run away in search of the Hulk.
More people were going to get hurt, a lot more people. They were going to get hurt and it
was all because of those two things.
"Peter? We need to go Peter," MJ called out. But I could barely hear her.
What would the real Peter Parker do? Would he fight? Or would he run away? No, no he
wouldn't run away, not when so many people are getting hurt, no….he would stay and he
would help them and if the need came, he would fight the Hulk himself to make sure people
didn't get hurt. He was a freaking hero and….and so was I.
I turned to MJ, "get him to safety MJ, find a safe place and stay there. People still need help
and I'm going to help them"
"What?! Peter are you crazy?!" MJ cried out, "there are monsters fighting out there!"
"And there are people getting hurt MJ! I promise I'll be fine, I'll call you soon as I can," and
without another word I took off.
"Peter!" she cried out but ignored her. She looked afraid, for me and herself, she must have
thought I was a glory seeking fool, I know I would have. But the truth is this….I want to be a
hero too, my life...it's not that great, but if I can use to to help others than….oh my god, I just
realized, I'm going to be Spider-Man.
I ran down the street and spotted a second hand cloth store with a busted street window. I ran
in and looked around, I needed a costume. I grabbed a red hoodie my size, a pair of blue yoga
pants from the women's section, a ski mask and a pair of gloves.
I ran into the trial room and quickly changed. I reached into my back pockets and sure
enough my web shooters were there. I slipped them on over my gloves and tested them by
firing a web line. It was strong and quick, good.
I grabbed a school bag and put all my clothes in there, zipping it up. I slapped down a twenty
on the counter and ran to the door, but I stopped, there were cameras out there, if someone
got curious about me they could use them to find me and my secret identity. I needed to be
careful, paranoid even.
So I looked around and spotted an open window up near the ceiling leading out into the alley
outside. I climbed on the walls, thanking god that my wall crawling abilities worked even
while still wearing gloves and sneakers.
I crawled outside into the alley and took the bag with my clothes inside. I pressed it up
against the wall and covered it in webs, holding it up there until I could come back and get it.
An explosion drew my attention. I looked up to see the military helicopter come crashing
down a few blocks away. It was now or never. I stretched out one hand and fired a webline

into the corner of a building. My stomach was filled with butterflies, nervousness and dread
filling my soul.
I slowly pushed off the wall and held on tight to the web line, swinging like a pendulum
across the alley into the open street.
My stomach lurched as I flew over the destroyed street and landed on the roof of the building
on the other side. I stuck the landed and blinked in wonder, looking at my hands and then at
the way there I swung.
'Yeah….this is freaking awesome!' I grinned and ran forward. I jumped off the edge of the
roof and shoot out a webline. I swung from street to street towards the sounds of destruction,
and landed on a rooftop, looking down at the monsters fighting.
The helicopter was still in one piece, thankfully, the battle field was a broken down block of
land, barren except for a few barrel fires. And standing on top of the helicopter was
Abomination, grinning at the Hulk who looked like he was annoyed more than angry.
The Abomination charged, throwing Hulk into a broken wall. He punched him repeatedly, I
looked at the chopper as so soldiers pouring out, a female civilian among them, 'Betty Ross,' I
realized.
There was fuel pouring out of the engines, sparks flying everywhere. It was only a matter of
time before it went kaboom, even the hulk seemed to realize this as he tried to stop it, but
Abomination didn't let him, keeping him pinned up against the wall.
'Look's like it's my turn now,' I gulped as I jumped off the roof and landed with a roll. "Hey
all! Fancy seeing you here," I called out, 'why did I do that?! That's so stupid?'
The soldiers looked at me like I was crazy.
"Get out of here, it's going to blow!" Betty warned me, I smiled, nice lady.
"Not if I have anything to say about it," I turned to the leaking fuel tank and fired out web
line after web line. I threw the strands around the tank and covered it completely with my
web stopping the fuel from leaking out.
The tank was now insulated, the fuel that was already leaked out was dripping into the
ground, being absorbed, crisis averted.
I turned around to the Hulk, "hey big guy!" the monster turned to me, "I got this! Kick his
ass!"
Hulk grinned, turned to Abomination and gave him a headbutt, the resulting crack was so
loud I could hear it from here as Abomination held his nose in pain. They began to fight once
more, this time Hulk wasn't distracted from saving lives.
I turned to the soldiers still stuck inside the copter, I jumped in and slowly one by one pulled
each of them out, handing the unconscious and injured ones to those who could still walk.

There were even a few civilians that came rushing to help, dragging soldiers away from the
wreckage.
Betty ran up to me as I pulled out the last injured man, "you have to help him!"
I looked at them and saw the Hulk being hit over and over again with a wrecking ball that the
Abomination used as a whip. He knocked Hulk the side and then turned to us, narrowing his
eye at the retreating soldiers.
"General," he growled, raising his chains to throw at us, and I moved. I used my improved
agility to rush at him.
"No! Don't!" I heard general Thunderbolt yell out.
My head started to buzz, warning me of danger, I jumped just as Abomination threw it's large
chains at me. I landed in a roll and continued to charge straight at him. I didn't know how
strong Peter was, but it should be enough.
I ducked under his swings, slipped into his defense, drew one arm back and with all the force
I could muster, threw a punch right into his gut.
Abomination's eyes went wide as his body was lifted into the air for a few seconds. I felt my
web shooter cracking from the force. It exploded into a heap of webs covering my arm and
his torso.
'Shit!' I realized as I found myself stuck to him. Abomination landed on his feet and ed down
to see me still attached to him. I gulped as he sneered at me.
My spider sense were roaring in pain as it warned me to get away. But I couldn't. He tried to
grab me and I jumped over his gigantic arm. The webs stretched, good, I had some leverage. I
then ducked under his other arm, wrapping them both up with my web. I circled them and
again before grabbing my hoodie sleeve and tearing it off, releasing me from the webline.
I jumped away as Abomination tried struggle free. His arms were wrapped up tight together
and attached to his chest. He pulled and I could see the lines started break, but it was taking
all his time and effort, I needed to put him down.
I knew I couldn't punch him unconscious, that was the Hulk's job. No, I needed to be smart
about this, he must have a weak point, after all he was only...human.
He needed to breath….right?
I ran at him and leaped onto his chest and aimed my remaining web shooter at his nostrils.
They were huge, and if I wanted to make sure he didn't pull them off I had to stick them
somewhere he couldn't reach.
I quickly shoot two web lines into his nostrils, blocking his nasal passage. Abomination's
eye's went wide in horror as he realise what I was trying to do. He tried to free his arms even
arder now, I could hear the web restraint snapping. I quickly fired one last web line into his
mouth, covering it as well.

I leaped away just as Abomination broke free. I landed far away and watched as he struggled
to rip my webs away covering his air passages. But his fingers were too large, they couldn't
fit. He even tried to ripe into the ones in his mouth but I had lodged them so deep inside he
could barely even touch them, let alone have enough leverage to rip them out.
I panted and watched as he scratched his neck, trying to breath. He swayed and suddenly
fainted, crashing into the ground with a large thud.
I was panting, I didn't even realize I was doing it. I looked around, by now police had
gathered around with their guns pointed at the monster. Hulk stood aside and looked at me
and the now unconscious Abomination.
He growled before letting out an Earth shattering roar that scared everyone there. Betty
however wasn't scared. She walked right up to him. Thunderbolt had his men stand down,
even the police looked like they were going to be trigger happy.
"Bruce," she whispered as she cried.
Hulk looked down at her, he tried to wipe away her tears but found that he couldn't. "Betty,"
he grumbled. Suddenly a spotlight was shined on him, a camera helicopter circled around
him.
Hulk growled, he took off into the night, the helicopter following him. I lost sight of him in a
few short moments leaving everyone there with nothing to do, except look at me.
"What's your name son?" Thunderbolt asked as he approached me.
"Me? I'm," I hesitated for a moment before speaking, "I'm Spider-man."
"Spider-man? What kind of name is that?"
"The kind I chose," I answered.
"Are you planning on playing dress up?" he asked with a raised eyebrow.
"Yup."
"..." he didn't expect me to admit to that now did he? He looked to his men, who were all
asking for orders. He nodded towards Abomination, "secure him," he then turned to me,
"well whatever you're name is, thank you. I owe you a debt, if you hadn't come when you had
those monsters would have destroyed the city."
I shrugged, "I don't know, the green guy looked like he had it all handled."
"Trust me son, he didn't," Ross snorted, "it's humans like you and me who keep people safe,
you did your country a great service today son. Thank you. If there's anything I can do for
you, just ask."
I blinked, this was unexpected. "Ah, thanks...I guess," I looked around, people were snapping
photos of me, I needed to disappear, now! "Anyway, bye!" I turned and ran towards a light

post. I jumped and landed on the top before launching a web line and swinging away back to
my stash of regular clothes and MJ.
"Sir should we follow him?" a soldier asked Ross.
"No, let him be, he isn't our enemy," Thunderbolt ordered as he turned to his daughter and
sighed. Tonight was going to be a long one.
I landed in the alley way with my bag attached to the wall. I opened it and quickly changed
into my regular clothes, which was quite a challenge when you're standing perpendicular to
gravity.
Once I was back in my normal clothes I stuffed my…'uniform' into the bag and threw it into
burning car. I couldn't bring it with me, MJ would ask where I found a bag, and I certainly
couldn't leave it behind in case SHIELD or even Ross started to get curious.
With all evidence destroyed I took out my phone and found three missed calls from home and
one form MJ.
I called MJ first, "hey, it's me, where are you?"
"Peter? Oh thank God! You're aunt has been worried sick! I'm at the Starbucks down the
street near the Ambulance."
I looked around and spotted her, "I see you," I quickly ran to her and grabbed her into a hug,
"I'm glad you're safe."
"Me?! What about you?! When I told your aunt what you were doing she nearly got a heart
attack!" MJ yelled as she broke the hug.
"Shit," I cursed, I really didn't want to get yelled at, "I'm sorry. Are you okay? Did anything
happen?"
"No, no, I'm fine. What about you?"
"Helped out a few soldiers stuck in a helicopter, the fight is over, some guy in a red hoodie
and mask came in and stopped that raging monster."
MJ blinked, "some guy?"
I nodded, "yeah. I couldn't catch him name though, he spoke to the general there and then just
left. I think he was a superhero."
"I see..." she narrowed he eyes at me, I gulped, "fine. We're going home, now. And you're
going to call your aunt and tell her you're alright. I swear, the last thing I need is her death on
my concious."
"Right," I agreed as we tried to hail a cab, but since the city was in complete disarray we
couldn't get one. We were forced to use the bus instead, and on the way I had to sit and listen
to aunt May ye at me through the phone.

By the time we got onto the train May got tried at yelling at me. She hung up with the
promise of more yelling the moment I get home. I sighed as I disengaged the call and leaned
back my seat.
"That bad?" MJ asked.
"Yeah."
"Well you deserved it," she huffed.
"I was just trying to help," I shrugged.
"You nearly gave me a heart attack Peter!"
"That seems to be going around theses days," I smirked.
MJ groaned, "I'm serious. I literally just meet you and news flash if you got yourself killed
that would be a shitty way for me to start school."
I smirked, "awe, I love you too," growing bold I pressed a little peck on her cheeks causing
MJ to blush.
"Gr, you're lucky you're so cute," she huffed, "still, what were you thinking going off on your
own like that? What is you had gotten hurt?"
"I couldn't just stay there and do nothing," I argued, "I'm not that kind of guy."
"I thought you didn't want to be a hero. Isn't it stupid or something?"
I was silent for the longest time, "maybe," I replied, "but to be honest….I don't think I was
ever going just stand by and let people get hurt. Not when I can prevent it, or at least stop it
from hurting any more."
"And why is that you're job?"
I smirked, "with great power comes great responsibility."
"How zen, where did you hear that one?"
"Uncle Ben," I told her, "it's his favorite line. I...I think I'm just starting to understand what he
meant."
"Hm, he's a wise man."
"Yup."
"But you do know he's still going to whoop your ass the moment you get home right?"
I sighed, "yup."

"Good," she chuckled, leaning her head on my shoulder. My body was sore, especially my
arms. The amount of muscle strength I needed to swing from building to building was
intense, I would need to start working out. Maybe somewhere privately? Some place no one
can see me. After all if they saw someone like me benching half a ton or something they
would freak out.
"For what it's worth though Peter, you're my hero," she pressed her lips on my cheek and
gave it a smack, "good job Tiger."
I blushed as silence reigned between us. The train's constant shaking filled our ear. MJ looked
exhausted, and so was I. I just fought the Abomination, and won! I knew I would be big news
this time tomorrow, maybe it's time I take this whole thing seriously.
I have super powers now, how long have I always wanted super powers? And now I have
them! I could help people...no, I had to help people. Guess in the end nothing I never really
had any choice in this life, I have to become Spider-Man, I had to become hero.
Looks like life just got a whole lot more complicated.
This is a self insert in the Marvel universe as Spider-Man. It will loosely follow the Marvel
cinematic universe, it will have mutants and the Fantastic Four in it.

Chapter 2: Chapter 2: Train Before You Leap
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"What were you thinking?!" Aunt May yelled.
"I was just trying to help," I argued.
"By leaving Mary Jane alone to go into a war zone?!"
"She was safe-"
"-I don't care Peter! What you did was whole irresponsible and dangerous! You were lucky to
be alive! I don't understand why you did that!"
"I...I wanted to help-"
"-Are you the police?! Are you the army? You are just a child Peter and-"
"-And because of me one man is going home tonight to his family!" I snapped, "I saved his
life, and many more. I don't regret what I did."
May looked horrified, I don't' think Peter ever snapped back at her like this, but then again
I'm not Peter Parker.
"May, maybe we should call it a night," Uncle Ben spoke softly, "gone on, go to bed. I'll
handle this."
"But Ben I-"
"-it's alright May, just go," Ben gently assured her. She nodded sadly as she turned and left,
leaving Ben and I alone at the dining table.
"I didn't mean to snap," I apologized.
"It's alright Peter, I understand," he said softly.
"I was just trying to help I didn't mean-"
"-I understand Peter," he repeated, softer this time, "you have too realize, you're all May and I
have, if we lost you..."
"I saved someone Uncle Ben, isn't that what you always taught me to do? If I can help
someone, isn't it my duty to do so?"
"Yes, I suppose it is," he smiled, "go to bed Peter, we'll talk about this in the morning. Don't'
forget you have school tomorrow."

I nodded, "right...night uncle Ben."
"Good night Peter," he replied as I walked upstairs into my bed and locked the door behind
me. I sat down on my bed and sighed, talking out my busted web shooter. I had one working
and the other one is a complete mess.
I worked on it for a while before giving up, it was broken, I needed to make a new one.
Actually, if I was serious about the whole hero business I need to upgrade these things. I
needed them to be more durable and hold more webbing. Maybe even try and make different
types of webbing. That would have been so useful against Abomination.
Suddenly there was a knock on my window, I swiped by desk clear pushing the web shooters
on the floor before I looked up to find MJ waving at me.
I blinked in confusion as I opened the door, "Peepers? How did you-"
"-Climb up you tree," she pointed to a large tree next to my window, "can I come in?"
"Yeah, sure," I stepped aside letting her in, shutting the window behind her, "so what's up?"
"Nothing. Did your aunt and uncle yell at you a lot?"
I sighed, "yeah, but I deserve it. You?"
"No, aunt Anna understood it wasn't anyone's fault. If anything she thinks I should have gone
with you. Honestly though, she wouldn't stop talking about how amazing you are," she said
rolling her eyes.
"Hm, not amazing, maybe spectacular," I snickered.
"Don't go growing an ego on me Parker," MJ hissed, "but yeah, you're pretty cool tonight.
Especially the way you saved that man's life. That pole must have weighed a ton!"
I shrugged, "maybe. But I didn't really notice, too busy trying to save him."
"Hm, you're really skinny for a strong guy," MJ noted, "you barely have a muscle on you," he
noted my skinny frame.
I gulped, "well you know how it is. Adrenaline and all that," she was being suspicious, not
good, not good at all!
"Maybe," she said trailing off, "anyway I too make sure you were alright."
"Thanks, I'm fine. If anything I'm a little tired."
"Really? Because I can't sleep," MJ grumbled, "too nervous."
"Why? The Hulk ran anyway and I'm pretty sure the army has the other dude locked in ice."
"No, not that," she grumbled, "school. I'm starting my first day tomorrow!"

I chuckled, "oh, that. Relax MJ, there's no reason to panic. It's just classes, you'll do fine."
"Yeah but I mean...what if they don't like me?"
I shrugged, "who cares? Beside I doubt they won't like you're hot and smart. The guys will be
falling head over heels for you and the girls will want to be your bestie."
She smiled "you think so?"
I nodded, "I know so. So relax, high school it's the end of the world." MJ smiled, we talked
into the night, just me and her. When she left I was glad to have made such a nice friend,
Peter needed more of them. Maybe one day she could be more, but for now, a friend was
enough.
The next day:
I was in the Daily Bugle the very next day. Well, not me, but they did have the Hulk's fight in
the front covers and a grainy picture of me off in the side. It looks like they had no clue who I
was, people just calling me 'Webs'.
The article itself was fair and balanced, which was surprising considering it was the Bugle we
were talking about. But to be fair I did save the lives of soldiers, even they couldn't label me
a criminal for doing that.
The report actually called me a hero once, saying how impressive it was for someone like me
to stand up to a monster. From various statements from the scene it seems the people there
mention the fight was like seeing David and Goliath.
I smiled, maybe this time Spider-Man won't end up being labeled a bad guy. With that done
and a health breakfast, it was time to go to school.
MJ and I took the bus to school, we talked about what subjects she was talking and the
people she would meet, needless to say she was nervous. We arrived with ten minutes to
spare, students were crawling all around the campus, talking to each, gossiping or just
halving fun.
I lead her into the crowded hallways, "welcome to Midtown high," I announced gesturing to
the large crowded halls where people yelled, cheered, fought and generally just did teenage
things.
"I think I'll fight right in," MJ said with a smile.
"That you will Peepers."
"Please stop calling me that."
"No."
"I didn't even mean to pep."

"No."
"I hate you."
I smirked, "no." I lead her down the hall introducing her to the various cliques and factions
one could find in the school. There were the jocks, the cheerleaders, the techies, the nerds, the
dancers, the theatre maniacs, the weirdos, the normals and of course me. The kid too smart to
be a normal geek and too desperate for acceptance to be a hipster.
We had first period together, so after a visit to the councilors office I guided her to our first
class. The moment we entered the room Flash Thompson seemed to notice me.
"Hey everybody check it out! Punk Parker's back!"
"Ha! What's the matter Parker? Did you finally recover from the itsy spider bite?" mocked
Kong, Flash's right hand man and a heavy fellow.
I rolled my eyes, "wonderful, bullies. Like this place wasn't stereotypical enough."
Flash grew enraged, "what the hell'd you say-" he stopped as he noticed MJ standing next to
me, he gulped and wished, "woah."
MJ turned to me, "are they always like this?"
I shrugged, "not, just with me. Though I think it's because Flash has a crush on me and is too
scared to admit he's gay."
That snapped him out of it, "what?! Listen here Parker I ain't gay!"
"And what's wrong with" being gay?" Asked Zack, an openly gay kid in our class.
"N-nothing! It's just I ain't gay is all!"
I shrugged, "whatever," I put down my bag and stretched my neck, really hate that thing.
"So ah, you new here?" Flash asked MJ in the most subtle way possible, note the sarcasm.
"Yeah, I'm Mary Jane, nice to meet you," she smiled.
"Hey Mary Jane, I'm Flash, this Kong, if you need anything babe, anything, just ask us," he
ended wiggling his eyebrows.
I gagged "truly Flash you mastered the art of seduction."
"What's it to you Parker?" Flash growled.
I shrugged, "nothing, please, continue, I believe you were flirting with the new girl."
"Shut it Parker!" Flash yelled, his face red in embarrassment.
"Stop it Tiger, you're embarrassing him," MJ teased.

"Fine," I rolled my eyes.
"So where are you from?" Liz Allen, blonde, blue eyes and head cheerleader asked.
"I'm from upstate, but I recently moved in with my aunt," MJ explained.
"So what are you into?" asked Crystal, another cheerleader asked.
"Well, I like fashion, singing, theater, that sort of thing."
"Oh! Did you see the new Channel line? It's so good!"
MJ nodded, "yeah, but I don't like their perfumes, too strong for my taste."
"I know right!" Liz's eyes twinkled, looks like she just found a new BFF. I watched as MJ
mingled in perfectly with the popular crowd. Flash, Liz, Kong, a couple of side characters I
didn't really care about but apparently were considered Gods of popularity according to
Peter's memories.
"So wait how do know Parker?" Liz asked looking at me in disdain.
"What? Oh, he's my neighbor," MJ explained.
"Oh, okay. Hey sit with us MJ, we'll show you around after class."
"Thanks but Peter already promised me-"
"Parker? Please, that wimp wouldn't know where the toilet is!" Flash snorted.
"No Flash I do, after all you tried to give me swirlies in there plenty of times," I snapped
back.
MJ's eyes went wide, "he what?"
He turned to me and glared, whisper in a quiet voice, "don't blow this for me Parker or I'll
make sure next time I won't flush before I dunk you."
I raised a single eyebrow, "did you just threaten me?"
"And what if I did?" he growled.
I looked down at him and snorted, "I would like to see you try."
Flash growled, "today, after school, in the park."
I remember this, in Ultimate Spider-Man Universe Flash challenged Peter to a fight, Peter
kicked his ass, broke his arm and in return Flash's parents sued aunt May and uncle Ben for
all their money. It made things difficult for them, and I don't plan on repeating that mistake.
"Sorry big guy, but I have no intention of having a dick measuring contest with you. I don't
need too."

"Why you little-"
"Settle down class!" the teacher walked in stopping Flash in his tracks, "that means you Mr.
Thompson."
Flash growled at me, "next time."
I snorted, yeah, no.
"Come on MJ, sit with us!" Liz dragged MJ to the back, away from me. MJ looked like she
wanted to protest but couldn't say a thing as Liz dragged her away, leaving me once more
alone.
I sighed, sat down in my seat and listened with half a mind to whatever the teacher said. It
was English class, not my favorite.
At the end of the class I got up to try and talk to MJ, but before I could even try she was
swept away by Liz and the others into their next class. Witches actually fine, I had AP
chemistry and MJ had basic math with the rest of them.
As I walked to my next class I realized I was alone, Peter didn't have anyone. Even the one
friend I some how managed to get was swept away in a matter of moments. Maybe it was
best just to accept I was going to be alone.
During chemistry I had problem following whatever they said. It was honestly a little boring
after a while, didn't even bother taking notes.
But near the very end the teacher mentioned how graphite chains were strong and changing
the structure determine their tensile strength. I got an idea on how to improve the webbing
formula.
The rest of the day turned out to be the same as the first couple of classes. I was ignored or
shunned by everyone there and the teachers didn't bother me even if I was clearly day
dreaming, since they knew I knew everything.
Honestly by lunch I was wondering why Peter even bothered with school. He was smart
enough to start college any time he wanted, so why in God's blue Earth did he?
And when I sat down alone in the table furthest away in the lunch hall and right next to the
trash cans I knew. Peter didn't want to leave because he was lonely, so damn lonely and
stupid that he thought college would be no different from high school and that people would
shun him wherever he went. So it was better to stick with the devil he knew rather than the
one he didn't.
I suppose I understood after high school is supposed to be an important formative year for a
child's social skills, Peter was hoping his would kick in, but sadly no luck.
As I bite into Aunt May's homemade tuna sandwich I realised MJ and her new friends had
just entered the lunch hall. They all laughed and chatted like there's no tomorrow. MJ didn't
even look at me.

I didn't understand it, was she really that shallow? Did she really not care a bit about me?
Was the week we spent making googly eyes at each other all just a time pass for her? What
the hell man, did I just get played?
Just then I noticed another kid walk up to them. He wore expensive clothes and a stylized
haircut, one look and I knew who he was, I didn't even need Peter's memories.
"Harry!" Liz smiled, "come sit here! Meet the new girl!"
Harry grinned, "gladly, hey, I'm Harry Osborn," he winked as he sat next to Mary Jane, very
closely.
MJ blushed at the forwardness, "h-hey. I'm MJ."
Liz grinned, "careful Osborn, I think she's in love!"
"Liz!" MJ shrieked, her face as red as her hair.
Harry laughed, "I don't mind, I've never had someone so cute falling for me before, so it's a
real boost to my ego."
I couldn't stand the sight of them, all the positive feelings I had with MJ turned bitter quick,
guess I was stupid that way, but it just wasn't fair. I stuffed the rest of the sandwich into my
mouth and left, not looking back even if my ears picked up her melodious laughter.
I walked down the corridor, pissed, alone, I hate being alone. And idiots, I'm surrounded by
idiots. I wasn't a genius or something in my past like, nothing like that, but fuck even then I
had trouble with people. And now? With Peter's IQ? Fuck finding a friend who I can treat as
an equal, I would need to hang out with Tony Stark for that to happen!
No wonder Peter had been holding back so much, if he didn't he would have gone made
being surrounded by these shallow people eons ago!
I walked to the Chemistry lab and found it open and empty, like I knew it would be. Peter
used to retreat her to escape Flash, and now it would seem it would become my haven as
well.
I began to work on a couple of chemicals, trying to work in the new graphite chain into the
webbing formula like I theorized. I spent all of break there and soon classes began again.
The school day ended with history last period, which MJ and I shared. She laughed and joked
with her new friends, and when school got over she walked up to me like nothing ever
happened.
"Hey Peter!" MJ cheered as we walked towards the school bus.
I felt anger pour through my veins, but I kept it in check, she's just a little girl, she didn't
understand what she did was wrong, it was pointless getting angry at her.
So I put on a cheerful fake smile, "hey MJ."

"I swear this was like the best first day ever!" MJ cheered, "I didn't think I would meet so
many people who liked me! Liz was amazing Pete! You should see the way we just got
along!"
I shrugged, "I'm glad you made friends, told you there nothing to worry about."
"Yeah, you're right. Anyway I talked to her about the theater program you guys have and
wow was I impressed! Did you know they put on three plays year?! I should totally try and
score a part in the one on December, what do you think? Do you think I should?"
I nodded, "try it out, you might not get something important, but everyone does have to start
somewhere right?"
And like that I had to sit and listen to her brag about how great her life was. Was I being petty
and silly? Maybe, but fuck it man where was the loyalty? I didn't like the fact she didn't even
realize she did something wrong, it's like she couldn't understand!
We were dropped off at the same stop and walked home. We reached out neighboring houses
and I turned to go to mine.
"Hey Pete, do you want to come over?" MJ asked, "aunt Anna probably made some cookies
if you want."
"No, I'm fine," I waved her offer off, "I'm honestly just tired, guess the stress of yesterday is
finally getting to me. I'm going to bed, see you tomorrow MJ!"
MJ blinked, "what? Are you okay Peter? You sound kind of dull."
"I told you just tired," I shrugged, "don't worry about it, I'll be fine tomorrow."
"Well...if you're sure, bye," she replied weakly. I waved her goodbye and walked into my
house slamming the door behind me.
"Peter? How was school?" aunt May asked from the kitchen.
"Fine, just fine. I'm going to my lab aunt May, call me if you need something," I yelled out as
I walked down to the basement throwing my bag at my work station.
I took out my notes for the new formula and began work on the new web serum. It took me
all day but I finally managed synthesis a proper batch. I then began to experiment.
This formula reacted to pressure. The more pressure it feels the harder it became. So I began
test it out. I found I could create weak webbing that was basically like glue, strong one that
was hard as concrete and somewhere down the middle which had a balance of elasticity and
tensile strength.
I didn't know what got into me, but the time just seemed to slip away. Aunt May came down
to ask me what I wanted for dinner and, after I made sure to hide all my webbing formula, I
told her I wasn't hungry.

Maybe it was the fact that I didn't like being forgotten, maybe as just my anger at be ignored,
but whatever it was it gave focus. I knew what I had to do and knew how to do it.
It was 2 in the morning when I completed all tests on the new formula including drawing up
plans to make the mark two web shooters. These ones would be more powerful than the last,
but they would take time to make.
I tried to go to bed, but I wasn't sleepy, no, I was restless. I looked outside the window and
saw the quiet sub-urban area I lived in, but just near the horizon New York shined at me,
calling me forth for adventure.
I couldn't go all the way into the city, but I sure as hell can't stay here. I put on a set of dark
clothes and opened the window, jumping out and did a perfect landing, thanks spider powers!
I began jog, slowly at first, just to keep my heart rate up, but soon I got curious, just what co
this body really do?
So with a grin I kicked off with full speed. The houses went by quickly, I found I was fasting
I had ever been, maybe 20 miles an hours? Maybe more? It was honestly impressive,
considering I never ran professionally before in my life! Or Peter's life for that matter.
I ended up running all the way out of the suburbs and into town. I ran past deli's still open
and a few super markets. People didn't bother looking at me, guess they were used to seeing
people jog at all hours of the day.
But soon I found myself at the abandoned train yard a few blocks away from home. Peter
used to come here for when his experiments had a more...explosive intention. He always
found climbing the 30 feet tall fence the hard part, but now I could clear it with a single leap.
The place had one giant hangar rusted over and overgrown with weeds. People didn't come
here often, even kids who were looking for a place to crash avoided it thanks to the fence and
lack of comfort.
I however came here for another reason.
I went up to the hangar and grabbed the doors. I pulled with all my might and they groaned as
slowly the doors were pushed to the side.
Inside I found several types of machineries. There was a stack of railway lines off in the side,
some were ten feet long, others thirty feet and beyond. There was even an abandoned train
car in one corner as well some chains hanging from the ceiling and what looked like a
generator off in the side.
This place honestly made me feel like it could be my secret hide out, my home away from
home. It just needed….well it needed a lot of work.
But first, maybe it was time to see what I could really do? I walked up to one of those ten feet
railway lines and grabbed hold of it's sides. I gripped it as hard as I could and in one swift
motion tried to lift it up.

To my immense surprise, I found myself holding up the beam of metal over my head, a
victorious grin on my face.
I threw to the ground and panted, this was amazing, it must have weight what? 500 pounds?
Maybe more? I could military lift that over my head straight off the bat! One could only
imagine what can do with some actually training.
I couldn't be a muscle builder though, Spider-man was always more of a gymnast than a
brawler, like Nightwing, he was….exactly like….woah.
Just then I had an epiphany. Who were the two most popular comic book characters in
Marvel and DC?
Spider-Man and Batman. They didn't have comic power or some kind of deus-ex machina to
give them what they need. Well, Batman did have his utility belt, but that's besides the point.
Spider-Man and Batman were very much alike. They both suffered great loss which gave
onto them a duty, for Bruce it was vengeance, for Peter it was responsibility for the powers he
now possessed.
They were also focused on small time crime, while other heroes faced aliens and other shit,
Batman and Spider-Man always seemed to stick to their cities. Sure they would often venture
out, but always came back.
There were a lot of things different about them, true, their attitude, the fact that Peter was piss
poor and Bruce was rich as balls.
But there were a lot similar as well. They both mainly fought with their fists and minds. They
were both highly valued despite being a slightly advanced human, Spider-Man did have his
powers, but they paled when compared to those like Thor.
Heck even some of their villains were the same! Joker and the Green Goblin. Black Cat and
Catwoman. Sandman, Clay Face. The list went on. But I was starting to see a pattern here.
Peter and Bruce were reflections of each other. One had powers to help him out while the
other had his training and his mind. If I wanted to be Spider-Man I couldn't just repeat what
Peter did, no, I had to be better, I had to be superior to him!
….God that makes me sound so much like Otto.
But getting back to the point, if I was to improve Batman, I would give him spider powers to
make him even more combat savvy than he already was. I would also give him Peter's
amazing engineering mind to help think of solutions he wouldn't even begin to question
where possible.
But if I was to improve upon Spider-Man? That would be a taller order.
I would need to learn to fight like Batman, master so many types of combat people would
lose count. Be smart about fighting crime, not just swinging into battle all crazy, hoping for

trouble. I would need to know everything I possibly can to fight crime, learn things I
previously thought pointless.
I couldn't have the gadgets, to expensive. But I could build my own, make them from scratch.
It would be difficult, maybe even pointless, but….but if I could, it would be so cool!
I felt a great big smile coming on my face, I imagined myself as a mixture of Spider-Man and
Batman, a hero unlike any other. A hero who could surpass the call of justice and fight the
good fight, protect people.
But….but it was just too much.
I leaned against the hanger wall and looked around. Why should I go through all this trouble?
For people who I don't even know?
Why...no, I can't think like that. I remember what the battle between the Hulk and
Abomination did. I need to be a hero, I have to be. I always wanted to help people and now
that I can why should I be a mediocre hero? Why just be a wall-crawler when I can be so
much more?
I stood up with a confidence I didn't know I had. I had a goal, to be the greatest hero of both
worlds, not because of some fucking death in the family bullshit, but because if I didn't, I
knew what would happen. I knew that people would die. They need me, and I need to be my
best.
I got back home and turned on my computer. I began to search online for the skills I would
need. Kind of stupid I know, but I needed to start somewhere.
I made a list, things that I would need to learn to do to become the best. To become the
Spider-Bat!...yeah, no, maybe I should just stick with Spider-Man.
I found a dojo that taught mixed styles of martial arts. Karate, Judo and Taekwondo, each for
a period of two hours, from 3 to 9 in the night. Usually people would register for one class,
but I wasn't ordinary people.
I wouldn't be able to start going out and saving people immediately, I didn't have a suit ready
or my web shooters. I didn't even have a plan of attack. So I needed to be patient, to bide my
time and learn, grow. Spider-Man wouldn't be born anytime soon sadly, no, this will require
patients.
I would also need to learn everything could, mechanics, chemistry and physics would be my
core subject to focus on. Maybe...maybe I should also focus on other things as well, like
languages?
With mind made up I began feel sleepy. With a smile I went to bed, strangely enough that
night I had a dream of bats and spiders, needless to say I woke up screaming for my mommy.
The next day at school I tackled classes a bit differently. I had gone to the library before class
and took out a guide to learning French. While the teacher taught us history, I snuck in bits of

French.
It was difficult at first, but after I began to actually think upon what I learnt...well, things got
a lot easier. Thank you God for giving me the mind of a genius.
With Peter's advanced neural network I was able to learn a few phrases in French in a day. I
won't be impressing any French super model passing by, but it was a start.
I also began to pay more attention in class, I even bombarded the teachers with questions
asking detailed questions. They smiled in appreciation at first, but I think they came to loath
me by the end of the class.
I ended up filling up several pages with notes, good, no reason to remember all this in my
head now and waste storage space.
I didn't go home with MJ on the bus instead I took the train to Manhattan to visit that dojo I
found last night. I told Aunt May and Uncle Ben what I was going to go before I left for
school that day. Needless to say they were surprised.
"Peter, why do you want to take such classes?" May asked worried.
"I want to be able to protect myself Aunt May," I replied, "if I get into a tough situation I
want to able to handle it."
"But Peter-"
"-May let the boy do what wants," Ben spoke out with a reassuring smile, "he wants to
protect himself, and that's fine. Besides, it's a good thing that he's finally got himself a
hobby."
'Not really a hobby, more like an agenda,' I told myself but nodded externally, "yeah. Besides,
life's getting kind of dull, I need something interesting to do."
"Surely you and MJ can figure out something," May suggested.
"No, MJ's...she's busy with other stuff," I shrugged, "no biggie. But I do want to do this Aunt
May, please."
The woman meet my gaze for the longest time before sighed relented. She warned me not
push myself, I kind of lied and told her I wouldn't. I also told her classes were from 5 to 9,
and it consisted of only one class not three separate one. No need to worry hen more.
I arrived at the dojo in Chinatown, people were already going in, I saw so many kids being
dropped off by parents, it was honestly worrisome. Would this place even teach me anything?
Or was this just a giant dump for money?
I sighed, I was about leave in frustration when I noticed a sign down the road hidden behind a
neon sign for a Chinese restaurant. I paused blinking at it, it sounded so familiar.
'Chikara Dojo'

And I realized why. Colleen Wing, she owned that dojo. She was Iron Fist love interest and
she...she was currently a member of the Hand that brainwashed kids into becoming killing
machines.
And like that I was at an impasse. One, I could try my luck in another dojo and pray it wasn't
a money dump as well. Or two, go to the Chikara dojo, learn what I could from Colleen, and
make sure the Hand doesn't become aware of me mooching off their techniques.
It was a dangerous gamble for sure, the Hand were a league of assassin in this universe,
ninjas that had no equal. It was crazy to think I could learn from them, but at the same
time...Bruce Wayne in one universe learnt from Ra's-al Ghul himself.
Fuck it, I want to be a ninja. But if they even think I'm joining their little clan then they have
another thing coming.
I walked into the building and found a staircase leading to the first floor with a sign for the
dojo. The place looked exactly like it did in the Netflix series, yellow hallways and all. I
found the dojo easily and stopped, peeping in to see students already in a uniform standing
before Colleen, who I have to admit, looks so fucking amazing!
She looked up and noticed me, nodding to enter and with a gulp I did. I took off my shoes
and walked into the dojo.
The students turned to look at me, I meet their gaze, I turned to Colleen, "I wish to learn.
Please."
The female ninja smiled, "you came to the right place. Though ah, you don't really have to
sound like you're in a kung-fu movie you know."
I chuckled rubbing my hair, "sorry, nervous."
"It's fine, my name is Colleen Wing, and you are?"
"Peter, Peter Parker," I put down my bag and took off my shirt revealing the exercise clothes I
had on underneath, "can I start now?"
Colleen looked impressed, "no, not today. For today I want you to stand to the side and
watch. Think you can do that Peter?"
I nodded, "sure," I sat down to the side, watched them closely.
"Right, now then let's begin," Colleen turned to her students. They went into basic
movements of the blade, it seems she taught them kendo for now.
Maybe more advanced classes learnt ninjutsus and stuff like that? Maybe only the really
advanced recruits were even considered for such a training? I needed to learn that as well, I
need them to want me, and maybe I can leave them blinking how it all went so wrong.
But for now I sat down and watched. I used Peter's amazing mind to break down the swings
and the foot positions, understanding how it moves and why. I learnt the various strikes by

watching them move, and I even noticed their mistakes.
By the end of the first session everyone there was sweating, kendo was hard, it wasn't just
swinging a sword. It also involved a lot of hand to hand movement that required stamina,
though I don't think I'll suffer for it.
"Alright class good work for today, I'll see you all around tomorrow, same time. Joey! Don't
be late!"
"I'll try sensei Wing!"
She smiled as the rest of her students left leaving her and I alone. She sat down before me
and smiled, "so what do you think? Think you can keep up?"
"If I do will you advance me ahead of the class?" I asked her. She looked surprised, confused
even, so I explained, "they're way to new at this to be you're best class, I'm assuming there
are different levels, probably at different times. I was wondering if I learnt them well enough
you wouldn't hold me back."
Colleen looked surprised, "I would never hold back a promising student. If I believe you are
worthy then yes, I would advance you. But don't get you're hopes up just yet Peter, it isn't as
easy as looks."
I smirked, "I think I got it."
Colleen chuckled, "really?"
"Yup," I got up and walked over to the sword stands, picking up a wooden bonto, "can to try
me?"
Colleen looked unsure before shrugged, "why not. Show me what you got."
I nodded as I proceed to show her the three katas she had taught the students today. One that
was a basic attack and block combo, the next one added leg movement and turning the body
and the last one added more complex swings that were difficult for some to do, but thanks to
my agility I managed my own.
Colleen started, "w-what?! How did you do that? Have you been trained before?"
I shook my head, "no, I just saw how they moves and copied it. Well, I also noticed a few
mistakes, so I corrected that a well."
Colleen's eyes went wide before she smiled, "I would be honored to teach you Peter."
I bowed, "thanks you Wing sensei, I won't disappoint. Will your next class be coming soon?"
Colleen nodded, "yes I have three more classes after this. Why? Do you wish to stay?"
"Yes."

"Alright, but you mustn't practice the techniques I show them today, understood? They are
extremely dangerous and only a master can perform them without issues. So no getting
greedy, understood Peter?"
I smiled, "wouldn't dream of it."
I spent the next three hours watching students come and go. Colleen had pretty good system
to be honest, kendo taught to the beginners first then more advanced techniques and combat
for the second batch.
The third was taught several hand to hand combats and the fourth group, which had only
seven people for Colleen to teach, was trained into the ground to be fighters. I knew this
wasn't the full Hand ninja training program, the fourth class kids were still too full of opening
for one to exploit.
No, these guys would be taken to the facility where they would further trained and
brainwashed, I remember the Iron Fist mentioning the compound was in New York, but I
don't remember where. Damn me and my stupid brain!.
I payed Colleen for the month and reached home earlier than I thought that night. May was
pleased I found a dojo with much more sensible timings, though she didn't realise how I
basically just made a deal with an army of fucking assassins. If she did I don't think she
would be standing.
The next day I got up bright and early and went for a jog. The very mention of physical
exercise seemed to have brought my aunt, she looked at me like I was a foreigner to her
before smiling, "MJ is a wonderful influence on you Peter."
And I got pissed, "I'm not doing this for her or anyone else aunt May," I hissed with hostility
she wasn't expecting, "I'm doing this for me."
I had two hours to work in some kind of exercise before school started. I ran for half the time
and spent the rest in the hangar where I swung from chain to chain. It helped me with my
balance and control, giving me some experience swinging large distances.
Unfortunately it seems I spent way too much time there. I had to run back to my home at full
speed and got ready. I must have taken a bath and changed in record time. I came downstairs
and saw breakfast ready for me.
"Morning Peter," Ben greeted as he looked through that morning's paper.
"Morning uncle Ben," I wished him before stuffing my face with breakfast.
Ben blinked, "slow down Peter! You're going to-"
I coughed.
He sighed, "chock. Here, have water, don't rush."
I drank it, "can't late. Need to catch bus."

"Well then I'll drop you," Ben told him, "now finish your food."
I nodded as I quickly did just that. I walked out of the house in a few seconds with uncle Ben
following slowly.
As I stood outside though I noticed MJ waiting outside her own house. I smiled, 'did she wait
for me?' But before I could say anything though I found a convertible driving down the road
stopping before MJ's house.
My eye widened as I saw Harry in the driver's seat honking, "MJ! Come on!" he yelled.
"Coming!" MJ called out as she got out and ran to Harry slipping into the front seat. She
smiled at Harry who took off like a bullet.
I couldn't help it, I growled. I fucking growled.
"Peter," Ben sighed, "she's not abandoning you."
"Really? Because it sure feels like it," I spat back, getting into the car, "come on uncle Ben,
I'll be late."
He sighed as he got the car and ignited it, "Peter, she's just happy she has friends. Can't you
understand that?"
"No uncle Ben I do understand that. I also understand that the moment she did, I was
completely ignored and forgotten."
Ben took the car out of parking and drove out to the street, driving slowly to the school,
"Peter, just because she doesn't talk as much doesn't me she see's you as less of a friend."
"Maybe she doesn't, but I do," I sighed, "honestly I don't understand why I'm complaining, I
don't even have friends. But damn it uncle Ben it hurts being ignored."
Ben smiled, "I know son, I know. But it will get better, I promise you." I didn't reply, I just
looked out at the passing scenery and wondered, 'should I even bother being her friend
anymore?'
That day I got to school and didn't bother with talking to people in general. I wasn't looking
forward to any of the classes, I barely survived them. I did take notes and the like, studied
french the best I could, I didn't break from schedule.
After school I went to the Chikara dojo where Colleen allowed me to participate with the rest
of the beginners, though it became obvious I was far more skilled and graceful than them.
Spider powers for the win!
I arrived at Queens via train and as I walked out of the train station I heard some scream.
My eye went wide, 'a mugging'! I realized as I shot out the door like a bullet and looked
around. I saw someone being pushed into an alley by three guys across the street. Wasting no
time I put on my hoodie and charged.

"You're jewels and money rich guy, or I'll fucking stab! You where you stand!"
"Okay please don't hurt us!" a man said standing protectively before his girlfriend as three
thugs stood around them with knives.
"Hey ass face!" I yelled out.
The one closest to the street looked away, "what-" and connected his face to my boot,
breaking his nose and sending him flying backward.
"Get him!" the other thug yelled out as the last one tried to take me on. He thrust his blade
forward, trying to rip my stomach open, but I managed to dodge them all, my spidey senses
helping me to predict what was going to happen.
Suddenly he roared and charged forward, trying to grab me, but I jumped over his head,
landed on the other side and sent a kick into his back than landed him on the ground.
Before anyone could react I charged the last thug still standing and grabbed his knife, I got it
to stick to my hands, pulling it out of his grip before throwing it away.
"What the fuc-" my punch connected to his face so hard I felt his nose crack under the
impact. He went flying back.
I turned to the last thing getting up, kicked him in the stomach, hard. The air in his lungs got
knocked out, he rolled around holding his solar plexus in pain.
"T-thank you," the man replied.
I didn't turn around, my face being obscured by hoodie. I looked at them both before running
away as quickly as I can. I may not be a superhero, but a single skinny kid beating up and
thrashing three thugs? Yeah right, like I can explain that!
I got him that night with a smile.
"Oh, had a good day at the gym?" May asked.
"It's a dojo aunt May, and yeah, I did," I smiled remembering the mugging I stopped, the
people I saved. I was right, if I actually knew how to fight I could be so much cooler!
"Well that's good. Wash up Peter, we're having your favorite tonight! Pizza!"
Oh this day just gets getting better and better!

Chapter End Notes

In case it wasn't obvious, this isn't going to be an MJ and Peter Parker thing, not right
now anyway. No prize in guessing which pairing it's going to be.
Also yes, I am going into a vague area of the Marvel universe with Colleen and all, but
that's the point.
I hope my compression of Batman and Spider-Man were accurate.

Chapter 3: Chapter 3: My First Case
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

It was over a week of my new training schedule when something happened that was even
remotely interesting.
It was Sunday morning when I woke up to uncle Ben watching the news, which was
reporting on how there was an accident in the Baxter building, resulting in a small explosion.
To uncle Ben that may not seem like much, but to me? It was fucking world shattering.
For a while now I assumed this was the Marvel cinematic world, meaning only the movies
would be included. But now? The Baxter building was home to a special group of people,
Marvel's first family!
The Fantastic Four!
Holy shit! They're real!
I moment I realized this I booted up my computer and searched for them. Reed Richards was
young in this universe, just 25. Sue was even younger at 22, Johnny was a teenager at 16,
Ben Grimm was 25 and Victor Von Doom was 30.
It sounded like they were the Ultimate version of the Fantastic Four, but it didn't feel like so.
Reed was smart and very collected and Doom was in fact ruler of his own nation at this
moment. They were college batch mates, and by the looks of things on Doom's scientific
accomplishments, he didn't value Reed at all, often mocking the man in his papers.
I honestly didn't know what I should do at this point, I mean, they were the FF, was I
supposed to help them? No, no they can handle themselves. Maybe after I get a suit made I
can introduce myself, but until they I'll stay put.
So with that done I found myself enjoying a relaxing Sunday. I had no training, no homework
of note and best of all, aunt May and uncle Ben were going out in the afternoon to visit
friends and would only come back late at night!
I needed to take advantage of this, and I will. But first things first, a costume. I felt silly
trying to be Spider-man without a costume, so I started to browse through Ebay to find one.
I honey wasn't surprised to be completely horrified at the choices I had. They were all so
disgusting! Fucking hate these things! Can't I just get armour? Oh wait...I'm poor. Forgot
about that.
But that didn't mean I had to be fucking stuck with shitty looking spandex. I bought two, one
red and one black. I wasn't a big fan of the whole red and blue classic costume, and if you

didn't figure it out, I'm going for the whole, 'Superior Spider-Man' thing. So black and red it
was!.
The costume would arrive in few days, good thing too, gave me time to learn how to stitch. It
took me most of the morning watching videos upon videos on how to stich on YouTube, but I
did it. It was a very brain numbing job, didn't really involve heavy thinking, so it was an easy
concept to grasp.
When May and Ben left for the day I went to my room and changed into a nicer set of clothes
and went out. I didn't want to be stuck in one house all day, plus I was near New York! The
greatest city on Earth! I had to explore!
I took the train into the city and sighed as I enjoyed the sights. I know I may be giddy like a
tourist, but I didn't care! This place was so amazing! I walked down to Harlem, curious to see
what it was like now.
Needless to say was a wreck, people were still cleaning things up, apparently the military did
what they could, but the party de was still huge. Debris was still being cleaned away, people
were volunteering, a new organization called, 'Rebuild Harlem' was on the scene.
My curiosity now satisfied I left the place, knowing it was in good hands. But as I passed
through the Apollo theater I looked around and noticed the road was still cracked. This was
where they first clashed, and when I looked down the road I could see the crater whether
Bruce landed and transformed into the Hulk.
I grew curious and walked over there, people were told to keep back, but obviously no one
listened. People were taking pictures and such, but now all the attention the hole drew was
gone. I found myself staring at it in silence.
I was about to leave, when I saw some something under a rock. I walked into the hole and
carefully lifted the heavy stone, and there it was, a brownish stain. Blood. Hulk's blood.
I immediately knew this was dangerous. Not only was it extremely volatile but it did some
funky ass shit. I remember people were mutated when exposed to it, some guy grew super
smart when it seeped into his head...so what would it do to me?
I was curious, I wasn't going to inject myself with it, but….I wanted to know what it was.
I took the rock up and put it in my pants, it was around the size of my hand, not too big. I left
Harlem quickly and stuck around the city for another hour for lunch. Soon I was back home
in my basement lab holding the blood soaked stone.
I scraped off a little bit of the dried blood into a test tube and be the process of making it
useful. It took some time but soon I had a vile of Hulk's diluted blood ready to go. I put the
stone under my desk, away from sight. I would need to find a better place to hide it and soon.
But back to the blood. I analyzed it under a microscope, not much I could see, but I did find
the blood cells were still active. Usually dried blood would mean dead cells, hence why they
lose the colour, but now….the Hulk's cells have some amazing properties.

I studied the blood a bit longer, noting a few more properties it had, like how any form of
food I introduced, like glucose or carbohydrate, was consumed within seconds. It was almost
like the damn thing was alive.
After my little experiments with Hulk's blood I went out once more, this time to the hangar in
the abandoned train yard. I jumped over the fence and walked towards the hangar. But when I
got there I noticed the doors had already been opened.
I groaned, whenever I left this place I made sure to close the doors, who else was here? I
pushed the hangar doors wide open and walked inside. "Hello? Is anyone here?" I asked.
"What the heck?" a voice came from inside the hangar. Stepping out from behind the stack of
iron beams was Flash and Liz, followed by Harry and MJ, all looking surprised to see Peter
there.
"Parker?!" Flash growled, "what the hell are you doing here?"
I raised an eyebrow, "painting the ceiling, and you guys?"
"Hey Pete!" Harry called out with a smile, acting like we were old buddies, which sadly we
were, but not anymore. Guess he brought them here, I remember him and Peter finding this
place together back in the day, "I was just showing these guys this amazing place! I didn't
know you still come here!"
I shuddered, "from time to time," I looked to the side and saw MJ blushing red, I narrowed
my eyes. I looked at Liz and spotted her looking frustrated at me. I could see her hair was a
mess and Flash looked pissed as well.
Suddenly realisation dawned on me, "ah, so you guys came here to make out, I see."
Liz's face turned red, "what?! No! Get your head out of the gutter Parker!"
I shrugged, "says the girl who looks like she just got thrown into a washing machine," I then
made eye contact with MJ and she blushed even harder, "well, I suppose congratulations are
in order, I'll leave you guys alone. Lock up when you're done."
I turned to leave when suddenly MJ spoke up, "ah wait Peter," she looked nervously at Harry,
"I think I better go as well. My aunt would be getting worried."
Harry looked hurt, "what? Are you serious? But we just got here."
"Yeah I'm sorry, I'll see you in school Harry, bye Liz, bye Flash," and with that she practically
ran out of the hangar.
I groaned as I followed her outside. We walked to the fence where I helped her climb over it.
When were walking away I finally asked, "so...you and Harry huh?"
MJ's eyes widened, "what? No!"

I rolled my eyes, "you don't need to lie Mary Jane, I don't personally care who you are with,
it's your business, not mine."
MJ looked away as we walked back to our home. I honestly didn't want to go, but MJ looked
kind of shaken up, I couldn't help wonder if something happened between her and Harry.
"He...he thought I wanted to make out," MJ spoke up finally.
I raised an eyebrow, "oh? And why did he think that?"
MJ shook her head, "I don't know."
"Mary Jane...did he try and force something?" I asked.
"What no! He didn't do anything! It's just," she looked ashamed, "I guess I must have seem
interested. I...it's my fault really, I'll apologize to him tomorrow."
I looked at her, so beaten and hurt. Nothing like the amazing girl I meet the first week I was
Peter Parker, none of the life or joy. I was honestly horrible to watch.
"Don't apologize," I spoke up gaining her attention. She looked up curiously and I explained,
"he hurt you, tried to push the boundaries, don't apologize to him. Make him say he's sorry.
Harry is...he was a friend, or something like that. Now he's just a jerk, he likes getting his
way, don't let him push you around."
MJ looked surprised but nodded silently all the same. We walked back to her house, she
looked deep in thought. When it was time to go our own ways she finally spoke,
"Peter...thanks, for coming when you did, I...I know I haven't really been the best friend but-"
"-Enough," I snapped, getting pissed at the pathetic apology she felt she had to give, "it's fine,
just get home safe. Remember, don't let him walk over you."
"Peter I'm trying apologize. I know I haven't really been spending much time with you in
school and I feel bad. I'm sorry."
I shrugged, "it's fine, I don't mind," I walked away.
MJ blinked, "Peter?"
"Night Mary Jane," I wished her well before going inside my room and slamming the door
behind me. I wonder if I was being hostile, heck I didn't even call her MJ. But it hurt, it
fucking hurt and...fucking teenage hormones.
The two weeks went by quickly for me, too quickly. I had training, the few times I snuck into
the train yard for an impromptu workout, learning as much as I could and then making the
Spider-man costume.
Colleen really began to push me the second week onwards. She realized I could probably
become one of her most gifted students. She had me moved to the second hour classes and

always pushed me to learn more and fight harder. I never used my full strength, but I was
beginning to see why the Hand trusted her to teach possible future recruits.
School was dull, whenever I had a lesson I found pointless or if it was something I already
knew I took out a book to learn something else. I was passable in French now, I could
probably hold up a conversation, so now I decided to pick up Spanish.
I did read up on a lot of Reed's theories though, they were simply fascinating. They spoke of
different dimensions and the ways to access them. I already knew this, you know considering
I came from another world, but it was still amazing to see such scientific evidence for it.
I knew I was never going to be as smart as Reed Richards, I can't build a teleporter in my
garage with a few spare parts lying around. No, but what I can do is be a practical and sane
mind. Scientific inventions wasn't the only form of genius.
My personal training session in the training yard become more of a challenge than anything
else. I wanted to push my body to the limits, see how far I could jump, how much I could
carry, how flexible I was, how good my balance was.
I was slowly improving myself, slowly, but surely. And thanks to my advanced regenerative
powers I could recover from strenuous exercise the very next day, talk about a cheat code.
And then finally came my costume. I was similar to the classic costume, expect instead of
blue I used black. I had to stitch on the webs for the costume, I cut up parts of the black
spandex suit to sew into the red portion and create the patterns needed. I used parts of the
bottom half of the red suit, not in use, to make gloves and leg coverings with a sole pad
sowed into the bottom.
The suit was a two piece, the top half mainly red with black bits sworn into the sides and
back. The bottom half was black with red shin high red feet coverings. I had to work on the
mak a bit, make it less face hugging, cutting out eye holes and putting in lens of an old pair of
glasses.
When I put the suit on and looked at myself in the mirror I gasped. In complete honesty….it
was shit. It looked pathetic. Like a child drew it on a piece of napkin. The stitches were
wrong, the measurements were horrible.
I wasn't a master tailor, over all it has been a waste of time.
I threw the costume under a loose floor board, a secret compartment where I stored sensitive
items, like the rock containing the Hulk's blood.
I honestly didn't know what I should have expected. I don't know how the original Peter
would have made his costume, but I'm shit with a thread and needle. I can't make my own
costume, so for now, I'll just keep working on my web shooters.
Speaking of which they were coming along great. I managed to fix up a bracelet like bands to
use as my new shooters. The shooters themselves were the important part, I made a knob on
the top that could be used to adjust the web pressure, thereby giving me different types of

webbing. The process of making them itself was difficult, no doubt about that, but it was
worth it.
It was the weekend again and I found myself traveling to the Chikara dojo by train. Usually I
had the weekends off, but it seems Colleen had other ideas. She told me to be ready for a
more practical training exercise, whatever that means.
As I walked towards the now familiar building I noticed a few of my fellow students standing
there waiting for something. I noticed one in particular, Marcus, a black kid that I
remembered seeing in the Iron Fist TV show, one day he is going to join the Hand, but for
now, he's just a kid.
"Peter, over here," Marcus called out.
"Hey Marcus," I nodded, "hey all," the others simply nodded to acknowledge process, "does
anyone know what this is all about?"
"Sensei didn't tell you?" asked girl named Agatha, who we call called Agie.
I shrugged, "she just said it's going to be an interactive training session."
"Okay, so basically here's the deal, we're going to basically mug her," Marcus explained.
I blinked, "crazy person say what now?"
The kids laughed as Marcus explained. Colleen was teaching them real life skills, and
apparently that included training kids to gang up and attack someone. They all thought it was
just some basic stealth and teamwork building exercise, but I knew the truth, it was training
for when became members of the Hand. They were being trained to assassinate people.
"So where is sensei?" I asked.
"Sensei Wing is hiding, she's somewhere in the city. It's our job to find her and get the jump
on her. Basically our job is to grab her blade and run away before she can catch us and get it
back. We are supposed to find out way back here and if we do that, we win!"
I could see it now, in the future the mission won't be hide and go seek, it would be locate and
terminate. And the running back to base would be running to an extraction point. Truly the
Hand were a sick group of people, smart, but sick.
We waited for another hour for more people to show up before we split into groups. Usually
it was up to you to find a group to travel with, but since I was still fairly new at this and
inexperienced, I got to tag along with Marcus, a kid named Brandon and Agie.
We four decided to check the surrounding areas for clues. Most of the other groups went in
random directions but Marcus decided to check her favorite hang out spots first. We ended up
wasting an hour of our time, by then Colleen could have been in Harlem, Downtown or even
Queens for all we know.

But then I got an idea. I ask myself, how would Batman do it? How would he track the
Joker? And I got an answer.
I would think like him, so I did. I thought like Collen. What was her objective? To train her
students. So that means she'll be close, maybe somewhere open and where a woman carrying
a katana can be easily spotted. This would also remove chance for her students to hide and
getting the jump on her.
So a park, mostly likely Central Park. Not that far far away from Chinatown and she must
have had so much free time she would have made it easily. But where in Central? Where can
she hide and yet fight given enough time? Where can she fight without having people try and
stop them because they didn't realise this was training?
I opened my phone pulled up a map. I searched and searched until I landed on the perfect
spot.
"Guys," I got their attention, "I think I know where she is."
"What, how?" Agie asked surprised.
I smiled, "just a guess."
It took some time, but I convinced them to follow me. I brought them to the Park and we
began looking around the South West gate, the place with the least amount of people and
wide open space.
And in a few short minutes we found her standing by a fountain, eating ice cream. We held
back, hiding behind the trees, watching her, she didn't look at us she didn't know we were
here.
"Alright here's the plan, Agie, you and Brandon distract her, Peter and I will sneak up and
grab the blade. I'll run back to the dojo while the three you hold her off. Got that?" Marcus
ordered.
"No offence man, but that's a stupid ass plan," I snorted.
"What?" he asked raising an eyebrow. Was he trying to intimidate me? Really? Who the hell
does he think he is? I'm Peter fucking Parker!
"It's too open, she chose this place for a reason Marc," I pointed, "a few people, not enough
for us to hide behind. She'll spot them a mile away and us just as quick."
"What's your idea then?"
"We wait, wait for her to move, or make her move. Do something to distract her and the
people around her to draw the attention away. And then we strike."
"Peter, no, that will never work, the moment we do that she'll be on us," Brando shook his
head, "we go with Marc's plan."

"Yeah, I'm with Marc on this," Agei agreed.
I glared, "then good luck doing it without me."
"Peter, this supposed to be a team exercise!" Marcus hissed, "we need you with us!"
"No, it's a stupid plan Marc and it will not work, listen to me. We have to distract her first
before anything else!"
"No Peter, we've been over this," the boy sighed, "fine, you want to come you don't have too.
Come on guys, we can do this ourselves." The other two nodded as they got into position.
They looked so confident, so determined….I give them five minutes
Six minutes later:
Colleen chuckled as she walked away from the fountain with three of her students limping
behind her, "did you really think you could have rushed me like that? Come on guys think!"
"We almost had you," Brandon grumbled.
"Almost isn't the same," Colleen smirked, "you needed to be smart about this. You should
have distracted me first, then tried to grab the sword. Teamwork is important guys but so is
forethought."
"Heh, funny, that's Peter said, guess we should have listened," Marcus grumbled as he rubbed
ore shoulder.
"Wait, Peter was with you?" Colleen asked surprised, "where is he? Why didn't he fight?"
"He called us ideas stupid and refused to join in," Agie sighed, "guess he was right."
"Wait, he said it was stupid?" Colleen blinked as she walked under a bridge, following the
road that lead to the nearest exit, "hm, maybe I should have a talk with him."
"Maybe," Marcus nodded.
As they walked to the other side of the bridge though Colleen saw the shadow of a person
leap down. She stopped in surprise as I landed before her, stepping back in shock. I didn't let
her recover.
I grabbed the strap of the katana around Colleen's body with one hand and kicked her in the
stomach, sending her flying back as I pulled the sword over her head.
I looked at the other kids and winked, "in this case, you three were the distraction," I turned,
and ran.
Marcus' face dropped, "so cool."

Colleen got up, her stomach hurt as she held in pain, but at the sight of me running away with
her sword must have ticked her off. She got back on her feed chased me, yelling, "get back
here!"
Marcus and the others began to run now as well, trying best to slow Colleen down, but our
teacher wasn't to be underestimated. She threw off their attacks and continued chasing me, I
turned around and grinned, 'now this is training!'
I ran out of the park and across traffic, not stopping for the signal. People yelled at me but I
payed them no mind. I ran down an alley way and saw a fire escape leading to the roof top.
Time to take this chase skyward.
I jumped onto the first floor sky escape, just as Colleen and the others managed to catch
running into the alley as well. They watched in awe as I ran up to the roof and began jumping
from building to building.
"Peter get back here!" I heard her yell.
"Make me!" I cried back.
I took me an hour to get to Chinatown, a freaking hour. I landed on the roof of the building
that owned the Chikara dojo and climbed down the side. I was panting now, guess even I had
my limits. But one hour of constant running? Not half bad.
I sat on the curb and waited, ten minutes later Colleen reached with the others following right
behind her. They were all drenched in sweat, I stood up and grinned holding up the sword,
"guess that means I win."
Colleen smiled, "okay, yeah, you win….just, let me catch my breath," she and the others
collapsed on the building steps.
"Peter," Marcus spoke between pants, "next time, we'll do it your way."
I grinned, "sweet."
"You kick like a mule," Colleen groaned holding her stomach, "I swear it's like you kicked
the lunch out of me."
"Sorry," I winced, "I may have gone a bit overboard."
"Yeah, just a bit."
Eventually all the other students arrived as well, Collen told them my group and I had won
and we then went into detail about how we found her.
"Honestly, it was Peter's idea," Brandon admitted, "we just followed him."
"He was also the one who jumped sensei," Agei shrugged, "plus he did warn us that our first
plan would fail."

"So Peter, care to explain?" Colleen asked as the entire class looked at me.
I shrugged, "I just wondered what you were trying do," I then went into detail how I came to
the conclusions I did. Needless to say the kids were all impressed.
As a reward for winning Colleen bought coke for all of us, we sat on that curb and drank our
cold drinks, chatting.
I quickly found friends in Marcus, Agie and Brandon. Guess that's one good thing this day
gave. Seems making friends isn't that hard, it's just Peter's image at school was so fucking
damaged there's no hope for people to not start making assumptions about me.
Marcus and I began to talk about Chemistry, the kid was horrible at it, I offered to teach him
and he couldn't thank me enough. It seems we both lived in Queens, only Mus lived in the
poorer part of town. We took the train together back home and Marcus lead me to his house.
As we walked through his neighborhood I noticed it was in bad shape, really bad shape. The
place was dying, but I didn't say anything. Instead I listened as to Marcus explain just what
he was struggling with. But just then"Get that boy homie!" and then a gunshot.
"Get back!" Marcus ordered as he grabbed by the hand and pulled me into an alleyway
"What's going on?!" I asked. Marcus just shushed me and pointed at the meet. And then I saw
them.
Five thugs dressed in green, guns waving about as they chased another man down the street.
They laughed and cheered as they shoot at the man, none of the bullets meaning to kill, rather
just to scare.
"What the hell is goin on?" I asked seeing the thugs run across alleyway, Marcus and I
crouching behind trash cans like rats.
"That's the GST, the Grass Stained Thugs," Marcus explained, "they run the streets around
here, they terrorize everyone. The cops can't do anything them, hell half the kids in my
school are addicted to dope because of these guys."
"And the police can't do anything about them?" I asked.
"Hell no," Marcus shock his head, "they basically run this place."
I narrowed my eyes, guess I just found my first case. All I need now is my costume and gear.
Soon the coast was clear and Marcus quickly took me to his home. It was a small apartment
in a large complex, dirty and old, but I honestly didn't care.
We spent the rest of the day over a Chemistry book as I did my best to teach him what knew.
And during the short study breaks w took I pumped him for questions about the GST. They
operated out of a stripclub, because of course they did, dealt with cocaine, money lending,
racketeering and even gang on gang violence.

Needless to say I have my work cut out for me.
I went back home that day and began research into the club. Peter didn't really have a mind of
hacker but he did know his way around computer. That reminds me, I should probably try
and learn how to hack, seems like an important thing to know about.
The leader of the GST was a guy named Razor, a tall, mean looking mother fucker. He was
the main suspect for four murders the past year alone and is known to be ruthless. He does
have one weakness I can see through, women. Lots and lots of women. Man was a whore.
I needed to bring down this gang, too many people are getting hurt because of them. To
destroy a gang I need to destroy their credit, meaning public embarrassment. Just beating the
shit of people wouldn't be enough, I would need to make sure they can never reform again.
I spent the rest of the weekend working on my web shooters and ideas for a new costume. I
honestly did not want to wear spandex, it was a horrible idea. I may look good in it, but it
was so uncomfortable. I didn't like the way it clung to my skin, nasty.
On Monday, after my class with Colleen, I came back home at around 7. I finished whatever
work I had and pretended to go to bed. At around 11 in the night though, after making sure
May and Ben were asleep, I snuck out wearing dark clothes and a ski mask.
I had my new web shooters strapped on and ready for a test drive, tonight I begin my
research. I went to the bad part of Queens, Marcus' place was just a few blocks away. I found
myself on the roof of the GST strip club. I found an air duct and crawled in, shimming my
way thru the small space.
It wasn't anything like the movies made it out to be. It was dirty and smelly, I was really glad
I wasn't wearing white.
The loud music from the club downstairs were painful to hear, and so were the stripper's
names. Honestly, 'Diamond in the rough?' Who came up with these names? 8 year old boys?
However I did manage to find my way into the more quiet part of the club, the rooms without
windows in the heart of the building. I peered through the vents, I could see people stripped
bare to their underwear packing in what looked like small bags of cocaine. Guards
surrounded them with sub machine guns. Looks like they did their drug distribution here as
well.
I kept crawling and sure enough I came upon a room where a couple of thugs in green sat
around smoking weed with a tall man sitting on the couch with a gun on his lap.
'Razor,' I realized and I listened.
"Man day by day Cotton Mouth's getting pushy," Razor snorted, "I mean what the fuck does
he and his cousin think their doing? Fucking rebuilding Harlem? Fuck that man!"
"Yeah, you said it Razor, those two are fucking crazy man!" said lakey #1.

"Hey, did you guys know I was there when that big green guy showed up and wrecked the
place?" lakey #2 asked.
"The Hulk? You serious man? You were there?" Razor looked surprised.
"Yeah man, him and this other dude, grey looking guy. They like brought down a military
chopper man! And then they began tearing up each other!"
"Don't' forget that rope kid man!" lakey #3 yelled out.
"Oh yeah, sorry man, I almost forgot! Suddenly this little dude like shows up and saved
everyone man! He took out the big guy in like five seconds! He choked him!"
"Woah," Razor whistled, "damn, wish we had guys like that."
"Yeah, he used this rope, like sticky string to choke him man. And then he like stood over his
body and laughed! It was fucking psycho man!"
I rolled my eyes, I so don't do a psycho laugh...well, I don't usually do it out loud. Maybe in
the privacy of own head.
"Alright enough of this shit," Razor grumbled getting up, "that fucking Mexican expects the
drugs tonight. We need to pack up the shit and move. You guys ready yet?"
"Almost boss, maybe just a few more minutes," lakey #1 replied.
"Great, show me," Razor spoke as he and the others left the room, switching off the light. I
quickly shimmied in reverse and followed him into the drug packaging room.
Razor yelled a lot and got his people moving. The moment the last box was packed they all
moved downstairs and I needed to get out well.
I climbed out onto the roof, sighing into the cool night air. I ran to the roof edge and found a
large van parked in the back. Razor and his crew put the drugs in there and got on. They even
took off into the night and I knew I had to follow.
I took a running start and leaped off into the air. I clicked the shelters and shoot a web across
the street, swinging across the road. The wind howled at my ears, it suddenly became too
cold for me. I didn't understand how Peter managed to swing in the cold night wearing
nothing but spandex. Maybe thermal underwear?
I followed the van via roof tops to the harbor. They stopped before a warehouse, number 153,
and waited for the doors to open. The moment it did they drove in, and I snuck in by opening
the sky light and crawling along the wall, sticking to shadows.
I saw a Mexican man in a nice suit waiting for them. A suitcase by his side and guards
around him.
Razor got out of the van men loading out the drugs. "It's here."

"I'm sure," the Mexican spoke with a hint of an accent. He handed Razor the case, "your
payment."
Razor opened it and examined the money, "all right, we good."
"The Kingpin would like to extend his gratitude, it was very hard to get the...medicine we
needed into the city, what with the army crawling all over Manhattan." I gasped softly the
Kingpin? Already? The first crime group I follow and land up in the middle of one of
Kingpin's deals?! Fuck me!
I took out the camera and began to film the scene before me. If I ever fight the Kingpin, this
will be great evidence to put him away. And if a certain blind lawyer is willing to help me,
then all the better.
"Keep giving me cash and I'm a happy fish amigo," Razor grinned, "anything else?"
"The next shipment?"
"Same time," Razor shrugged, "oh, and I want double."
The man sighed, "Mr. Razor, we are already paying you three times what this stuff is worth."
"Take it, or leave it," Razor spat.
"Or else?"
"Or else I'll sell to someone else," Razor smirked, "I heard Cottonmouth got his hand on
some dough, maybe he could help me out."
The man in the suit sighed, "I really wished you hadn't said that...very well," the snapped his
fingers suddenly his men aimed their guns at Razor and in seconds tore him into pieces.
I had sure to keep my fingers steady to not shake the video, though I was shocked to my
system. They killed him? Just like that?
The GST gang member couldn't do a thing. Before even one of them could drop the drugs
they carrying and draw their weapon Razor was dead and the steaming nuzzles were pointed
at them.
"Next time, don't be so greedy," the man spat on Razor's corpse. He turned to the people
staring at him, "how's in charge now?"
Lakey #3 stepped up, he gulped, "I am."
"I expect the shipment to be delivered at the time next week. Any mistakes and...well, you
already know," he walked away with the drugs leaving behind the money and the corpse.
GST and I got out of that warehouse as quickly as we could. And while they ran away I sat
on warehouse rooftop stunned in school. I watched the video I captured as it played over over
again. They killed a man, in cold blood they killed a man.

I pulled up my mask and puked. I couldn't handle the sight of blood, and a dead body? That
was a first for me.
But now the question was this, what to do with the video? Keep it? Destroy it? Would it even
do any good? Could even be useful? I don't know, but I knew one thing, this world I was
trying to challenge was a ruthless one and one miss step, one mistake and everyone I love
could be dead.
I went back home as fast as I could. Not really sure what to do. But as I snuck around in the
trees trying to get home I noticed Harry talking to Mary Jane in the side of her home. Her
window was open, guess she snuck down to meet him.
"I don't understand," Harry growled, "why won't you be with me?!"
Mary Jane looked hurt, "I-I told you Harry, I just don't like you that way."
"What do you mean?! I am not rich enough? Or fucking handsome enough for you?!"
"It's that Harry I just-"
"-Is it Peter?" he snapped. Mary Jane paused, hell, I paused, my brain stopped working. 'Does
not compute!'
"Oh my God, it is isn't it, you like him," Harry spoke in a quiet voice, "you actually like him
more than me."
"Harry now, Peter and I just friends and...and I realise how poorly I've been treating him. I
feel bad. But I'm not in love with him."
"So you feel sad for him?"
MJ nodded, "yeah."
'Okay, and you're back to being a bitch,' I rolled my eyes, sad for me, who the hell is she to
feel sad for me?
"So then you just don't love me? Is that what you saying?"
"Yes...I'm sorry Harry."
"Whatever, you fucking bitch," he cursed as he walked away, got in his car and took off. I
hoped he didn't crash it somewhere, it would almost be a tragedy...almost.
I looked at MJ, she sniffled, she was crying. She leaned back on her fence and cried. I knew I
should probably leave, leave and never look back. But...but it wouldn't be fair.
I sneaked around the corner and dropped down. I removed the sky mask, gloves and web
shooters, putting them all in my pocket. I took a deep breath and walked towards her.
"Hey Peepers, why the tears?" I asked in a quiet voice.

MJ's head shot up, "Peter?" she wiped her tears and got up, "h-how much of that did you
hear?"
I shrugged, "I don't know what you're talking about."
"Peter-"
"-I'm serious. I saw Harry's car driving away like there was no tomorrow. I'm guessing
everything isn't alright in paradise?"
"For God's sake I don't like Harry Osborn! He and I aren't together!"
I smiled, "you know if you told him that the same way you told me he might actually stop
pestering you about it."
MJ was quite, she sighed, "I-I'm sorry I got mad at you."
"It's fine, a temper is to be expected, after all you are a redhead," I chuckled at her glare, "oh
lighten up Peepers, it's not the end of the world. So one guy called you a bitch, big deal. If I
was worried about all the things people called me I won't be able to get of bed the morning."
"It's not that, it's just that I...I don't know if it's my fault," she sighed, "Harry's a great guy,
smart, funny-"
"-Rich," I added.
MJ glared, "I'm not shallow Peter," I shrugged, "but...I don't think I like him that way. I don't
think I like anyone that way. I just wanna live my life you know, it's not like I need a
boyfriend to survive."
"So? Tell him that, and the next guy after that and next guy after that. Until you're ready to
start something new," I shrugged.
"Yeah...you're right," MJ nodded, "thanks Pete."
"Don't mention it," I walked away waving at her, "sweet dreams Mary Jane."
"Wait Peter I...I'm sorry."
I turned around, "for what?"
"You were my first friend here and I...I'm sorry I haven't been better to you."
"Like I said Mary Jane, it's fine. I'm used to it," with a shrug I turned and left.
"Good night then," she whispered. I turned the corner and quickly climbed into the trees
again. I watched her climb back into her widow and tuck herself into bed. Guess my work
here was done.

I took a shower and washed my clothes, don't want Aunt May asking questions on how I got
my stuff so dirty. As I went to bed that night I stayed up wondering just what I'm supposed to
go now.
The Kingpin wanted GST running so that they could get him his drugs. The GST hated his
guts and wanted free. A gang war will cost people's lives. How do I defuse such a situation?
Oh, and another thing, just what the hell is going on with my love life?! Fuck it man, I
fucking hate being a teenager again! I suppose it makes sense, just because we got along,
held hands and went on one date didn't mean she liked me. It just meant she could bare me,
nothing else. Fuck it, I'm tired being angry with that girl, I'm going to bed!
The next day was school as usual, though I did notice a few things had changed.
As I walked into the school corridor I began to notice more people looking at me. Staring at
me. I meet their gaze until they looked away, something was different.
I went to my locker to grab first periods books, when suddenly my spider senses flared up. I
could feel a ball coming towards me, I ducked immediately causing the ball to bounce off my
locker door harmlessly.
I turned around and saw Flash and Harry staring at me in surprise. It looked like Flash had
been the one to throw the ball, I looked surprised as slowly the hall began to quieten, looking
at me and Flash.
"What the hell was that?" I growled.
"It slipped Parker," Flash shrugged in an unconcern way.
"Slipped? Slipped? If you're that bad at holding the ball maybe you should just quit the team
Flash," I spat walking away.
"What did you say to me?! Get back here Parker!" Flash roared as he tried to follow.
"Don't bother Flash, it's not worth it," Harry stopped him with one hand, "you now he won't
actually do anything. All bite, no bark."
As I sat through first period English I noticed people giving me weird looks. Even Mary Jane
looked like she was trying to gain my attention but stopped herself before she could. I just
didn't understand what going on.
If I was already swinging around in red and blue tights I would be paranoid into thinking
somehow they all found out I was Spider-Man, but since that wasn't the case I just couldn't
figure it out!
Guess that's the problem with not having a social life.
By lunchtime the stares were really getting to me. I ended up sneaking into my little haven,
the chemistry lab, but there once again I found I wasn't alone. A heavy kid named Reggie
was there too.

He and I shared a lot of similarities, apart from our body size, he was smart and quite. He did
have friends though, his fellow nerds, but he did like his own quiet space from time to time.
"Hey Peter," Reggie wished me.
"Hey Reggie," I greeted him back. We sat on opposite ends of the classroom each doing our
own things. But soon the mystery of what was going on was starting to bug me. So I had no
choice but to disturb the quiet kids solitude.
"Hey Reggie...do you think you can help me out here?"
He blinked, "sure Peter, what's the problem?"
"Well...have you noticed people have been staring at me lately? I mean...it's noticeable right?
I'm not just going crazy?"
Reggie nodded, "oh that. Yeah, they're staring you for sure. It's because they think you and
that new girl, Mary Jane? They think you're an item now."
I blinked, "fat boy say what?"
"Harry was telling everyone how MJ turned him down for you, and how you turned her down
because…." Reggie paused, "because you don't date stupid people."
"What?! Why would they even think that?"
Reggie shrugged, "well, that's the impression you give off. You don't talk to anyone, you
answer every question on the board and then some. You give the teachers a run for their
money and you're probably the smartest person they will ever meet. So yeah, they don't like
you."
"What?! Are you fucking serious?! Holy shit man, all this time I thought it was because..." I
blinked, it made sense. If I went to school with a kid as smart as Peter Parker I would be
careful around him too. And if it was a child like Bruce Wayne? I wouldn't even walk in the
same corridor as him.
I thanked Reggie for his input, and I walked out of the chemistry lab, my head spinning.
Honestly it was weird, people kept staring and now that I knew why I found it strange. I did
my best to ignore it but, hell, this is weird man.
And just then who would happen to walk up to me by the cause of all this, the Peeper herself.
"Peter, we need to talk," she spoke, Liz Allen following behind her, glaring a hole into my
head.
"Ah, sure, what about?" I asked.
"It's Harry, he's told everyone that we are going out," she admitted looking sorry.

I pretended to be shock, "what? Really? Oh I'm so sorry Mary Jane, I didn't expect he would
do something like that!"
"Yeah, so look I...wait...are you making fun of me?"
I grinned, "yup."
"This isn't the time for jokes Parker," Liz snapped, "Harry's actually trying to get people to
make you miserable."
I shrugged, "yeah, and? What's the worst he can do?"
"Have the entire football team beat the shit out of you."
"I have amazing stamina, I'll just run away" I shrugged, I turned to the nervous looking MJ
and sighed, "honestly it's fine MJ, I'll be fine."
"I'm sorry Pete, I swear I'll try and get him to back down, but I...I'm sorry."
"Yeah, yeah, it's fine," I shrugged and walked away. Liz looked a little pissed at the casual
dismissal but didn't say anything, simply grabbing MJ and walked away.
I honestly didn't know what the big deal is. So the rich boy got anger issues, big fucking deal.
Unless he's got a glider, a goblin mask and jacked up on goblin formula he isn't even on my
radar. What I was interested in though was bringing down the GST, and the wear more
important than some stupid school drama.
As I opened my locker to put my books away my spider sense went off. I jumped to side as
foam exploded from my locker. I looked inside and found my locker covered with foam.
"Damn Parker, guess you lucked out on that one huh?" I turned to see Harry scowling at me.
"Yeah….I guess….I don't suppose you saw who did this?"
"No, sorry man. Can't say that I did."
"Of course you didn't..." I glared at him, slamming my locker shut. I walked away growing,
okay, so maybe I should take this a little more seriously.

Chapter End Notes

I always have issues writing teenage drama, more into action myself. If you have tips it
would be very much welcome.

Chapter 4: Chapter 4: The Spiders Bite
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"Open those fucking crates and unload them! We need these ready by tomorrow!"
I snapped picture after pictures, more than enough to serve as evidence, I hope. I couldn't
personally get involved with the Kingpin's business, but if these guys lost their shit because
the cops were tipped off about them from an anonymous source. Then that was good enough
for me.
I looked down from the rafters safely hidden in the shadows. I took pictures with my camera
of the people down there and the crates. It was Sunday night, tomorrow was when the new
leader of the GST, Bubbles, was too meet Kingpin's men to deliver the drugs.
I had been following them all week. Finding any all and weakness they had snooping inside
that strip club for so long I knew all the songs by heart. And then, I found it. This warehouse.
It was the place where they brought in their drugs and how they transported it into their
buildings to then be further cut down and sold on the streets. I have been casing this place for
three days, and finally I had them.
I wasn't a glory hog, I worked better in the shadows were people didn't expect me. I wasn't
fully prepared to take on the world just yet, I needed time. So until then the only way I'm
going to be helping people is by being a spy and a nosey teenager.
It took them an hour before everything was complete. Most of them left after that posting
guards outside the building to keep it safe, with the inside practically empty etc one guy with
a flashlight. Arrogant sons of bitches.
I crawled along the wall towards the main office that overlooked the entire warehouse. I
dropped down before the door and reached into my pant pocket, grabbing the locking picking
kit I put together. Yeah, that's right, I know how to pick locks, jealous?
I opened the door easily with a quickly twist and walked into, closing the door behind me and
locking it. I looked around the office, it was bare, nothing but files upon files of paper. I
looked through the folders, all of them, I was looking for something specific.
Last time I was here I saw Bubbles writing down records of the money GST was making off
of Kingpin, meaning the idiot had a paper trail. All I needed to do was find it.
I looked around the place but couldn't find the book...wait, what am I thinking? It's probably
hidden somewhere. Alright, if I was a super important book where'd I be?
I looked everywhere, behind paintings, inside locked cabinets and even underneath the table.
I was just about to give up when I heard a groan. The floor board felt like it was going to

snap under my weight. Bingo.
I pried open the floor board and found a safe underneath. It was a dial knob lock, the kind I
had in school. And luckily for me Peter had to find ways to unlock his locker whenever Flash
or someone else broke in and changed the combination to make life difficult.
I put my ear on the safe and listened. With gentle prodding I slowly unlocked it piece by
piece until;
Clink!
I grinned, bingo. I opened it and lo and behold there was the book. I checked the safe for
booby traps just to be safe and wouldn't you know it there was tripwire attached to it's back. I
managed to prod it out without engaging the alarms, locked the safe and put the board back.
I took out the book and looked it over, pages upon pages of information regarding shipments
and tracking money payments.
I had them, I had them by the balls. I couldn't take photos of the pages, no, sadly people
would notice. I needed to take the book and scram, I had to make my move, now.
Luckily, I had planned for that.
I managed to sneak out of the warehouse and into the open air. I swung away with the book
tucked into the trim of my pants. Once I was safely away I took out a burner phone I bought
today morning and dialed in a number I had memorized.
It took me a long time to find this number, I had to break into a police precinct to do so.
When I first began my search into GST I had nothing. I figured if anyone would know
anything about these guys it would be the police.
I looked into their files and surprising they had a very detailed case. There were so many
arrests made, so many injunctions carried out, but in the end it was all for nothing. Either the
judge let them off, the DA handling the case sucked or the evidence was lucky.
I took note of this, and vowed when I took them down, they would stay down. But then I also
noticed another thing, a name kept popping up, detective Gregory Barnes, 40, married with
two kids, and a straight ace cop.
He had been on GST's case since day one, when one of their shoot outs almost killed
detective Barnes' son. I got his number from the file and knew he was the man who I needed
to deal with.
The phone rang twice. The third ring he picked up, "hello?"
"Detective Barnes?" I asked in a scared voice.
"Yes, who this?"
"I-I'm part of GST, I-I want to talk to you."

"And why does a gang member want to talk to me?"
"Because these people are crazy man!" trying my best to sound scared, "They are killing
people left and right! I didn't sign up for this!"
"Okay, okay, calm down, where are you right now? What's your name?"
"I-I, my name is...no, I ain't telling you that man! I have a kid to feed! If they even know I
said anything they'll kill me!"
"Kid I'm on your side, you want to stop them? You want to get away from them? I can make
that happen. Just tell me where you are and you're name and I'll come personally to pick you
up."
The man was good I'll give him that. He would make an excellent negotiator. I sighed, "no
man, it's too late for me. But I ain't going without bringing these motherfuckers down too!
They have a warehouse by the Manhattan pier, number 827, blue with a yellow top. They
store their entire stash in there and right now we have a month's supply of drugs just waiting
there. There are like four guys in there the guns, you can take them all out tonight!"
"I need more kid, names, clients, anything that will help in court."
Man this guy's greedy, maybe I should cut this short, "Bubbles running things now, he's the
boss. He's going to meet some hot shot client and," I paused for dramatic effect, "shit they
found me! I have to go, remember, Manhattan pier, 827, bring the whole fucking unit on
these fuckers man! And for god's sake, don't use a fucking siren!"
I hung up on him and jumped off the roof, swinging away into the city. The detective will
first have to get a judge to sign a warrant to search the premises. It would take some time,
especially this late into the night. But I know for a fact that Barnes was determined, the
chance to put his child's assaulters was too good to pass up. He would be here in an hour with
SWAT.
Now, to find a lawyer. And I just happen to know one that was the most honest and
upstanding man in the entire Marvel universe. I swung my way to Hell's kitchen, looks like
the Devil is going to get a visit from the Spider.
I found Matt's law firm address on the net. One night I followed him home and memorized
the building. I snuck down the fire escape and opened the window with my lock picks. I
stepped in and shut the window behind me.
"Hello? Is someone there?" I heard is voice coming from the bedroom, it sounded so
innocent. But I knew that right this second he was thinking up ways to beat the living shit out
of me.
"Matt," I wished, doing my best to muffle my voice, "we need to talk."
Matt walked into the living room, his cane guiding the way, his eyes starting at the spot over
my head. He was blind, but I could see the way his ears twitched he was ready for a fight.

"Please, if this a mugging please don't hurt me. I can't even protect myself, see I blind," he
said with a disarming smile, "please, just take what you want and leave."
I smirked, "you're not blind Matt Murdock."
Matt paused, "what? Of course I am see, I-"
"-No, you're not. You can see...it's just too you it seems like the whole world's on fire."
His facade of the helpless innocent blond man dropped. He threw his cane forward and
charged me.
"I'm not here to fight!" I knocked the cane away and jumped over his tackle and landed on
the other side of the room, "I just want to talk!"
"You break into my house and just want to talk?!" Matt swung his fists at me with such
precious and grace I could barely avoid them. It was only my superior reflexes and minor
training that let me survivor as far as I did.
"I need a lawyer Matt, and you're the man I need," I ducked under a kick, grabbed his leg and
threw him into his couch, "so sit down and listen!"
Matt jumped back up, knocked me on my back and grabbed my neck. "Give me one reason
why," he growled raising a fist into air.
"I can help you get rid of the GST for good," I coughed.
"And why should I care about a street gang?"
"They-" I coughed, "they supply drugs to the Kingpin, he can't get it from anyone else," I felt
his grip loosening the moment I mention the Kingpin's name, "if you can bring them all down
to court you'll cut off the Kingpin's entire supply for half a year!"
Matt looked up, he got off me and stepped back, "how did you know about my sight?"
"I read your medical records," I lied, "I know you're other senses became more advanced
when you lost your sight. I theorized that you used sonar to visualise the world, some
scientist tried to map out the human body using the day to day sound people here and the
results made it look like the man's body was on fire...I just put two and two together."
Matt was quiet, I sat down on his couch and took off his glasses, "you're smart kid."
"Thanks," I nodded getting back up.
"And also a very good liar."
"I didn't lie," I lied.
"Maybe," he hummed, "I can hear your heartbeat you know. It's racing right now, I don't
know if it's adrenaline or because you're lying. But I don't believe you."

"I don't care," I took out the ledger and presented it to Matt, "this is a ledger containing every
single transaction the GST has done. Every crate, every dollar. Soon you'll hear that detective
Barnes just busted a warehouse filled with drugs that belongs to GST. Use this evidence I
gave you and get yourself on the trial. You can strike a blow for the Kingpin's wallet while at
the same time make a name for your law firm."
Matt took the book and looked at it, "what? No braille version?"
I smirked, "Foggy's not blind is he?"
Matt put the ledger to the side and looked up at me. "How did you get this?"
"I stole it."
"Where?"
"From the warehouse."
"How did you find out about the warehouse?"
"I spent nearly a week stuck in vents and side alley's spying on Bubbles. Razor died last
week, so Bubbles had to show the crew he's boss, meaning he had to visit all their houses. I
wasn't lucky, he didn't go to the warehouse until he toured half of Queens."
"Do you know those safe houses?"
"Yeah, I even took pictures of the buildings and all the illegal activities inside the place. I
emailed it to your law firm's account, my handle is 'GSThelper '."
Matt was quite, he was listening to my heart beat, trying to memorize it so that when he saw
me face to face he would know it was me. If he saw me again that is.
"Why are you doing this?" Matt finally asked.
"Because GST is running the streets. They need to be taken out."
"But why you?"
"Why not me?"
"I'm serious."
"So am I."
"You would risk your life, the safety of your family and loved ones, because you wanted to
play hero?"
"It may not matter to a blind man, but I am wearing a mask you know," I smirked.
"I'm serious kid. Why?"

"And I'm serious too, why not? People are dying out on the streets, and if I can make a
difference, why can't I? Why shouldn't I try to help them? Are only heroes and cops allowed
to help?"
"There are adults you are trained too-"
"-Sorry Matt, but from where I'm standing, adults haven't done shit. Every time GST is
brought to court either the DA dismissed it, the judge is laks or the evidence is not enough."
I paused before continuing, "I called detective Barnes tonight, posed as a gangbanger caving
in. I told him where to find the warehouse. I suggest you call Foggy up and the two of you go
down to the 42nd precinct with the evidence I gave you. Tell them I sent you, well...I mean
an anonymous source did."
"And in return?"
"Put them into the ground and make sure they stay there. I gave you enough and more
evidence. The police on case is determined and on your side. The only that's against you in
the judge, but I doubt any judge in New York would risk their careers to throw down such a
solid case."
Matt looked at me, and I don't know what he's thinking but I knew he was at least considering
my offer. He sighed, "fine...are you ever going to tell me your name?"
I walked out the window and pulled it open, "I'm Spider-Man. I'll see you around Matt," I
leapt into the air.
"No!" Matt yelled running to the window just as I shoot my web line and swung away. He
heard my cheers of joy as I swung through the air and gasped, "this city get's weirder and
weirder everyday."
The next day I turned on TV and waited. May called me to eat breakfast but I put it off. I
waited, and waited, and then;
"Breaking news," the anchor lady spoke, "last night police were able to bust a major drug
operation in New York. The Grass Stained Thugs, or GST, were a local gang the Eastern parts
of Queens, they were known to cause public disturbances, riots and even gang on gang
violence. However it had now come to light that the GST were also long suspected to drug
peddling, though police couldn't prove it until now.
"Detective Baren, the officer in charge for the raid on GST's drug operation claims he got the
information from a tip he received last night from an ex-gang member. He Issued a request
for a warrant immediately and soon brought the criminal into justice. In total over a thousand
pounds of drugs were found along with weaponry of various kinds.
"The case however doesn't stop there, last night Matt Murdock from Nelson and Murdock,
brought evidence concerning the case to light. He claims to have gotten this information from
the same ex-gang member who tipped of Detective Baren. Murdock and his associate Nelson

have been selected by the state to head up prosecution. Stay tuned for an hour to hour update
on this case."
I switched off the TV and smiled. Take that bitches! Score one for Spider-Man! I brought
down a drug ring, made Matt Murdock my buddy and I don't even have a costume! Who's the
man? I'm the man!
My good cheer got me through the day. Not even Flash and Harry's constant glares and taunts
could get me down. I was king of the world damnit! Heck even MJ noticed something was
strange.
It was English period when she tapped me on my shoulder. I turned around and saw MJ and
Liz looking at me in concern.
"Peter, ah, are you alright?" MJ asked.
I blinked, "yeah, never better! Why? What's up?"
"Nothing, you just..." she paused, unsure what to say.
"You're acting weirder than usual," Liz stated.
I grinned, "my buddy Marcus lives in the bad part of town, he get into trouble with a local
gang there. I heard today that they all got busted last night! So I'm like so glad and stuff," I
finished with a grin.
"Ha, I see," the two girls looked at each other and shrugged.
"Alright class settle down," the teacher walked in, "now then, where were we? Oh yes,
Oedipus Rex! Can anyone tell me what we have learnt so far? Anyone?" No one meet his
gaze, "fine….how about….Harry!"
Harry blinked, "me?"
"Yes, you, can you tell us what happened last to Oedipus Rex?"
"Well I...well, he's like a king. And, ah, he's married to his mom?"
"Yes, very good. Anything else? What about the prophecy made when he was born?"
"Oh, yeah, it said he would like kill his dad and marry his mom."
"Good, and what did his parents do when they heard this?"
"They ah...I don't know ma'am."
I rolled my eyes, "of course you only remembered the part when he fucked his mom."
"What was that Mr. Parker?" the English teacher asked.

"Nothing," I replied. Harry however didn't think saw. I could feel his glares aimed at me, but
I really couldn't care less.
After school ended that day I decided to take the bus home. But I didn't make it past the
parking lot. Suddenly someone grabbed me by the neck and pulled me. Obviously the only
reason they could even touch me was because I let them, I was honestly curious what Harry
was going to do.
Flash threw me up against a the school wall as he and his little gang surrounded me with
Harry in the center. There Are two other goons, both football players, each looked ready to
tear me apart, but Harry held them back.
"Think you're smart don't you Parker?" Harry hissed.
I shrugged, "you have seen my IQ scores right?"
Harry growled, "bet you thought it was fun to embarrass me in front of that slut."
Now that's pushing it, "don't call her that."
Harry smirked, "what's wrong Parker? Finally understand what kind of bitch she is? The
fucking tease."
"Osborn I'm warning you, stop it or I'll make you," I growled.
"You know she's a fucking tease," he spat, "did you know I had my tongue down her throat in
a week? Fucking bitch is practically giving it away like cookies. But guess that's the only
way you're ever going to get laid."
I meet his eyes, that arrogant smirk, I wanted to wipe it off his fucking face. But I knew that
if I made one move against him he would go crying to daddy, and the last thing I need is
Norman Osborn after me.
So I did the only thing I could do, I walked away. "You ain't going no where pu-" I pushed
Flash out of the way, knocking him on his ass.
"Fucking losers," I hissed as I left them blinking.
Harry growled, "get him!"
I sighed, guess it was time to run! I took off like a lightning bolt. They chased me out of the
school and into the streets. Luckily though they weren't smart, I managed to lose them in five
minutes.
I made my way to Chikara dojo, I entered the place and got ready for the class. I spotted
Marcus with a few other people in one corner chatting about something.
"Hey Marcus!" I called out, "I heard about the GST getting busted man!"
The boy smiled, "yeah Peter, it's great!"

We all talked about whether or not this time they would actually face any jail time. I was
obviously optimistic, but the other kids were less thrilled.
After class that day I went home with Marcus, he was having trouble with his chemistry
assignment and I decided to help. But as we walked to him home I felt my spider sense go
off.
"Get down!" I grabbed Marcus and tackled him into the ground.
Just then a car drove by with it's riders spraying bullets into the sidewalk, missing up by
inches.
"You got lucky brats! Spread the word! GST forever bitches!" they yelled as the car speed off
into down the road.
"What the fuck was that?!" I cursed as I pulled Marcus up, "how are they still….not in jail?!"
"We need to get out of here Pete, come on!" Marcus rushed me into his house and locked the
door behind us. We still for ten minutes, praying they didn't follow us. Scared out of our
minds before finally I asked Marcus what was happening.
"The cops didn't get everyone," Marcus admitted, "they got the big timers true, but the little
guys? The ones that didn't have their names as part of the drug ring? Well they got off scot
free. I didn't think they would start so soon though, I figured they would keep quiet and
just….oh my god, I need to warn my friends to stay off the streets!"
I groaned, this wasn't right, they shouldn't be out, they should be scared! I didn't account for
this, I didn't account for people to act like morons, doing stupid things! Which is stupid of
me, humans have always acted irrationally.
I needed to stop them, they were doing this because of my actions. They were my
responsibility.
I told Marcus I needed to go home, I sounded scared and afraid to convince him. He offered
to let me stay in his place for the night, the streets were too dangerous, but I insisted, I needed
to do this.
I went home and snuck into the basement without May and Ben knowing. I grabbed my web
shooters and changed into a black pair of tights, thin sneakers, a black muscle shirt and red
gloves. I grabbed the mask from the first costume I designed, the stitches weren't half bad,
the spider web design was alright. This would need to become a symbol, even though I wasn't
fully prepared, I needed to out myself to the public.
I snuck out of my home and swung my way back to Marcus's neighborhood. I swung around
the neighborhood for a while, looking at the people there. The stores were empty the people
could feel danger in the air. I needed to find them, I needed to stop them.
Suddenly I heard it, the screech of music blaring on speakers. A party? Now? No...GST.

I swung towards the noise, the streets were trashed in these parts, complete destroyed and
covered in garbage. Even the stores looked destroyed. I landed on a rooftop and looked down
at the park across the street. They were having a block party.
I saw drums burning, lighting up the party with flames. I saw gang members with a gun in
one hand and drinks in another. I saw couples dry humping each other to the corners and in
the middle of it all was a man sitting on a bench surrounded by people and women, drinking
from a keg.
I narrowed my eyes, I couldn't surprise them by swinging into battle. No, I can't do that. The
tree would provide cover for me inside the park, but not when approaching it. I would have to
go in by foot. And the guns were also a problem, too many guns, too much liquor. I wasn't
looking to kill people, just detain them, I would need to be quiet about this, like a ninja, like
Batman.
I got onto street level and looked for a way to sneak into the park. There were guards at the
entrance, maybe I should- I paused, I looked at the wrecked store I was standing next too. A
grocery store and my the looks of it it was just recently destroyed.
I went inside and found nearly all the food and drinks gone. Guess they must have sacked this
place for their party supplies. I went into the hardware aisle, small thing, but they did have
the basics, spray paint, different tools, glue and even a nail gun.
I knew what I had to do. I needed to distract them and these would be perfect. I grabbed a
school bag from two aisles down and threw in everything I knew I could use. I even grabbed
a couple of knives from the kitchen section.
When I was done I slapped a hundred on the counter and left, I'm not a thief. I made my way
to the park but I stopped once more. This it was a destroyed leather goods store. Small thing,
it looked like it could barely afford to stay open.
They ransacked the cash register and all the leather jacket racks, but on the ground hidden
behind glass shards and wooden chips was a bright red jacket.
I picked it up and dusted it off. It was around my size, I tried it on, the jacket didn't restrict
my movements, it was actually comfortable to use. Maybe...yeah, this could work.
I put the jacket on the ground and grabbed a black paint spray can from my bag. I then
sprayed in a very crude spider logo. It was big, the legs on top reached the shoulder while the
ones on the bottom were stretched to the bottom of the jacket. It actually reminded me of the
Spider-Man logo Andrew Garfield used, I smirked, it was perfect.
I sized the jacket up, it felt perfect, like it was meant to be. I turned to the park and smirked,
'show time.'
I snuck in from the side, the guards didn't even notice me. I jumped into a tree and slowly
made my way towards the party. I looked around, made my plan, tried to think of everything
that could go wrong, and thought of way to prevent it.

And then, I moved.
They didn't see it coming. It was dark, late into the night. Their only source of light was the
burning barrels. I took out four spray cans and aimed, throwing each one into the various
barrels of fire.
Here's a lesson for you, spraycan+fire= BOOM!
They heard it hiss, they wondered it if it was a gas leak or something. And suddenly, the
barrels of fire exploded outwards, knocking back those near it. I made sure no one was hurt,
only two ever even thrown back, one of who was knocked unconscious.
"What the hell was that?!" the new leader yelled. The park was now dark, no light, perfect.
"Everyone! Get some light! Matches! Lighter! Anything!"
Slowly small flames light up into the night, displaying my targets. Perfect. I snuck over to the
closest one. I stood on the tree nearest to them, shot out a web line and pulled.
"Argh!" he screamed. I grab him by the neck, slammed him onto the branch and tied him up
with webbing, keeping him in place. I jumped away just as the others gathered to his
screams.
"What the fuck was that?! Where's Tyrone?!" someone yelled. I didn't bother noticing how. I
moved to my next target.
One by one each source of light was taken out. I grabbed them, tied them to the tree and
jumped away.
People were getting scared. The leader was smart, he ordered them all to form a circle in the
center and look out for anything moving in the dark and waste it. I didn't bother with them,
not yet.
A few really smart ones tried to get away, I grabbed them before they could leave and tied
them up against the trunks of the trees. They didn't see me move.
And now, I dealt with the remaining rats huddled together. They were scared, I could see it,
practically smell it. They had guns pointing outwards, time to get of that.
I pulled out a hammer and threw it with all my might, it hit a guy in the head and knocked
him out.
"There!" someone yelled and be firing at a tree ten feet away from me. I smiled, 'not bad for a
bunch of idiots.'
"Keep looking!" the leader warned. I chuckled, damn these people are scared.
I grabbed the remaining spray can I held, stabbed it with a knife and threw it at the group. It
landed in the center and began to spray a cloud of black paint over them They didn't notice it
until the smell and smoke covered them all.

The choked and coughed as they moved away, turning inwards. I moved. I got down and
charged two guys, grabbing them and leaping into the middle of the black smoke.
"What was that?!"
"I saw something move!"
"They got someone!"
And suddenly a web line shot out and grabbed a man by the chest and pulled him in. They
yelled in panic as more and more people were pulled into the black smoke never to return.
The few who tried to fire their guns got hurt, that sticky white stuff came in and closed their
gun's nuzzle, causing their bullets to backfire and their guns to explode in their hands,
knocking them out as well.
"What the fuck is going on?!" the leader yelled, only he and two other men remained.
"I'll be honest, I expected better," a voice from the black smoke called out. Slowly the smoke
disappeared revealing a figure dressed in black with a red mask and jacket. I looked at them
and smirked, "boo."
"Ah!" the leader got an itchy finger and fired at me. My spider sense warned me before it
even happened and I jumped away, landing on a tree branch. He aimed at the tree line and
fired over and over, I jumped from tree to tree, avoiding the ones where I held people
hostages, I didn't want him to kill his own people after all.
I grabbed wrench from my bag, aimed at shooter and threw it. He tried to block the flying
tool with his bare hands but yelled in pain from the impact dropping the gun. I jumped on
him then, fist driven into his sternum.
I got up and turned to his remaining underlings. One dropped his gun and ran away, the other
was too shocked to do anything. I grabbed him and threw him at a tree, sticking him there my
webs.
I then took off chasing the man who got away. He almost made it to the exit, I could see his
smile grow, but just then I launched a web line, grabbed him by the shirt and pulled him up
into the air.
I grabbed him by the collar and held him. He was looking afraid, so very afraid. Hoked at me
and asked, "what are you?"
"I'm Spider-man," I replied, and then knocked him out with a head butt. I dropped him down
and walked towards the park entrance where the two guards looked confused. They took one
look at me and aimed their guns.
"Who the fuck are you?!" one asked.
I stopped, and in an instant fired two web lines, grabbed their guns and pulled it out of their
grips. The looked at their empty hands, but when they looked up they saw my legs coming

for their heads as I did a full split kicking them unconscious.
I searched their pockets and found their wallets and I took a little cash. Stealing isn't stealing
if you steal from a thief after all. I then grabbed one of their phones and called 911.
"Hello 911, what's your emergency?"
"I'm at Highland park, come fast someone just fired a gun!" I grabbed one of the things guns
from before and fired it at the sky, "come fast!"
"Stay calm sir I'm sending a squad car as soon as I can, hide somewhere and-" I ended the
call and broke the phone in half. I turned around, the park was quite, hopefully it'll stay this
way. I went back in and made sure everyone I caught was still alive, luckily, other than that
one guy suffering from a concussion, they were all fine.
I quickly walked out of the park and climbed onto the roof of nearby building. I watched at
several police cruisers arrived and began walking into the park guns drawn. I watched as
ambulances were called and journalists arrived.
I knew I would hear about the rest in the morning, so I went home. I snuck into the basement
and changed clothes, hiding my uniform under the loose floor board. I then snuck back
outside and pretended I was just getting home.
May and Ben were worried why I came home so late, I told them that the GST were tearing
up the streets and it wasn't safe. I lied and told them Marcus offered to let stay in his place
until it all blew over.
May and Ben were now afraid, they were worried. I told them all was fine and that I was fine.
They did let me go eventually, and just like that I found myself in my room looking up at the
ceiling, a feeling of giddiness building up in my chest.
It was amazing, the way I fought them, they couldn't even do a thing! It felt powerful, it felt
amazing! I needed to do more, I needed to be out there!
I waited until Ben and May were asleep before going to the basement and taking out my
costume. I tried it on and looked at myself in the mirror, the red jacket honestly reminded me
of 'The Last Stand' Spider-Man, or an older version of Peter Parker.
I'll admit the jacket was a bit bulky, but that was fine. I needed it, it was cold in the night and
swing at high speeds chilled me to my bones. So yeah, I needed a jacket...god I sound like
my mother.
Maybe I could put in plates of armor or something for protection, maybe a few hidden
weapons like a shuriken or something. This jacket had a lot of potential, I would be lying if I
didn't think it made me look bad ass.
I snuck out of the house and climbed a tree. I was just about to swing away when I heard a
car drive by. Curious, I searched for it, and wouldn't you know it deja vu. Harry pulled up to

MJ crib and got out. I looked at the back seat and saw Flash and Liz there as well. I narrowed
my eyes, what the hell is going on?
I sighed, I'm not going to be Spider-Man tonight am I? Chances are I'm going to have to keep
an eye on these idiots...again. I snuck over to MJ's house, by now she had crawled down her
window meeting up with the others.
"What are you doing here?" MJ hissed.
"I told you MJ, we're going to celebrate Flash passing his mid-terms!" Liz cheered. I rolled
my eyes, oh yeah, Flash finally managed to pass an exam, guess that is something to
celebrate.
"And?" MJ asked eyeing Harry.
"And...and it would be really cool if you came too," Harry spoke rubbing his neck nervously,
"look MJ I know I've been acting like a jerk lately and I...I want to make it right. Please, I
promise I won't do anything to upset you."
MJ narrowed her eyes, "and Peter?"
"What about Parker?" Flash grumbled.
"Will you stop bullying him?"
"We didn't really bully him, more like played a few light hearted pranks," Harry argued. MJ
glared and he gulped, "yeah, we'll stop."
MJ sighed, "fine. Where are we going?" Wait...seriously? Just like that?! He called you a
whore and you forgive me just like that?! What the actual fuck?! Fucking teenagers man,
can't keep them straight!
"Yes!" Liz cheered, "we're going to the Sweet Spot!"
MJ raised an eyebrow, "isn't that a bar?"
"Yeah, Harry got us fake ID's, this is going to be so cool!" Flash cheered.
"Not so loud!" MJ hissed.
"Sorry," Flash gulped.
The redhead sighed, "fine, but I'm not drinking, got that? And neither are you Harry, you're
our ride."
"What? But I-" he stopped at her glare, "-yeah, okay."
I couldn't believe how stupid they were acting. Wasn't it a school night? I now had two
choices, stop them, or follow them….oh what am I saying, of course I'm going to follow
them.

I kept my distance, often times waiting for Harry to catch up, he really was a slow driver.
They parked a block away from the club and walked in. I spotted Harry handing the bouncer
a twenty and slipping with the others.
I sighed, stupid kids. I knew I should probably follow them, keep an eye on them. I didn't
want Harry to take advantage of MJ...no, no that's not true. I'll be honest, I didn't want Harry
and MJ together, period.
But this isn't my job. I heard a police siren, that, that was my job.
I took another look at the club and sighed, guess I should just forget about the red head. I
turned and ran, running from rooftop to rooftop. I reached the police sirens, they were
standing in front of a jewelry store. Guess someone robbed them.
I couldn't really do much, so I decided to leave and return to the club. But just then I saw a
shadow on the roof of the store running across buildings. I narrowed my eyes, gotcha.
I swung across the street towards a building a block away. If I was right the thief would be
heading right towards me. I slipped into the shadows and waited. I saw movement, heard
their feet landing on the ground, and I pounced.
"Heya!" I yelled, startling them. I shoot a webline and grabbed the small bag clutched in their
hand and pulled it free. I grabbed the jewels and looked it over, "nice catch man, though next
time, maybe don't use something so cliché as a brown bag?"
The thief didn't respond, instead leaping at me, aiming a kick at my head. I ducked under it
and moved back, they tried to grab the jewels but I pulled it away the last second. So instead
they grabbed my hand, spun me over their shoulder and slammed me into the ground.
The air was knocked out of me, guess I wasn't the greatest thing since sliced bread huh? The
thief straddled me, pinning me on the ground, I looked up at their face, getting an
unobstructed view and gasped.
She was most beautiful thing I have ever seen. She had green eyes, they were like emeralds.
The moon looked down at me from behind her head, making her silver hair look like it was
glowing. She wore a domino mask, and wore a simple track suit that hugged her curves with
a tool belt around her waist. She looked young, around my age.
I couldn't help it, I spoke before thinking, "I think I'm in love with you."
She paused, "what?"
I blinked, "I...I have no idea why I said that."
She looked me over, "who the hell are you supposed to be?"
I shrugged, "I'm Spider-Man."
"Spider-Man? That's a stupid name."

"Oh like you can do one better," I felt her hand reaching out towards the bag of jewels still in
my hand. Trying to distract me huh? Clever girl.
"I can, I'm the Black Cat," she announced with a smirk.
"Am I supposed to know who you are?"
"No, just like I don't know who you are."
"Why do you call yourself a cat? You don't even have the fake cute little ears on your head."
"Why are you a spider? I don't see you shooting web out of you're ass."
"Hm, not out of my ass," I shot a webline at her face covering her. I kicked her off and
jumped backwards landing in a crouch.
"What is this?!" Cat screamed as she ripped off my webbing, I made sure to keep the formula
week, don't want to damage that pretty face now do I?
"Well you see when I boy reaches a certain age certain white sticky stuff starts coming out."
"Ew!" Cat spat before she lunged at me. I jumped back as once again we began to fight. I
wasn't really taking it seriously, I wanted to see what she was capable off. She was skilled,
that's for sure, probably knew judo based on how she slammed me onto the ground. Most
probably a few more skills as well.
Suddenly she drew a set of balos and threw it at me. I jumped to the side, but unfortunately it
tied my hand and my neck together. Cat then swiped my legs throwing me on my back,
jumping on top of me once more.
I broke out of the balos and grabbed her by the arms, rolling to the side and pinning her to the
ground with me on top.
I panted, "damn Cat, we just meet and you're already tried to straddled me twice. At least buy
a guy dinner first."
"Sure Spider, just let me get my wallet!" she kicked me off. I landed on my feet and shoot out
two web lines. Cat jumped out the side and then glared at me as we stood at a stand still,
"next time Spider."
I blinked as she turned around and ran away. I could have caught her, but I didn't, she would
be far more interesting out of a jail cell than in one. I sighed, so that was Felicia Hardy huh? I
chuckled, she's cuter than I thought.
I decided to return the jewels, but when I looked down I saw my hand empty, the bag was
fuckign gone! 'What?! How?! How did she...' I thought back, it was when I pinned her down,
she grabbed it then and ran.
I should be pissed for being tricked, but I couldn't, she was good, I had to give her that.

Deciding to just go back and keep an eye on MJ and her friends I swung back to the club.
And as I arrived MJ and Harry came running out, her yelling at him about something and him
yelling back. I saw Flash and Liz come out as well looking worried.
I sighed, guess this was a job for Peter Parker, not Spider-man. I took off my jacket and
pulled it inside out. Luckily for me the inside looked good enough to pass for another model
completely. I took off my mask and web shooters and stuffed them in my jacket pockets,
hopefully this would be enough.
They were walking back to the car, well MJ was and the rest following behind her. I jumped
down into an alley they passed by and listened to them.
"Look MJ I'm sorry okay? I didn't mean-"
"-What? What didn't you mean to do? Stick your hand up my skirt?!"
I rolled my eyes, of course he did. I walked out and kept my distance, the four didn't even
notice me.
"MJ I'm sorry, I thought you wanted me….wanted us."
"Harry I don't like you, you're my friend and that's all we'll ever be. I'm not something for
you to use like everyone else."
"I don't-"
"-Guys maybe we should just go home," Liz suggested, "this isn't really the best place for
this."
"She's right you guys, come on, let's just go home," Flash agreed.
"Is it Peter?" Harry asked and everyone stopped, "is it because of Parker? Do you like him?"
MJ stopped, "no, it's not Peter. He's my friend, just like you and….and I haven't been the best
friend to him. I realise that now. But he's not the reason why I don't want to be with you
Harry."
"Then why?!"
"Because you don't care who the hell I am!" MJ roared, "you don't care about what I like,
what I do, what I want to be! Every time I talk you just nod along but you're never listening
are you? You never listened Harry! You don't like me, you just like how I look."
Harry was speechless, "that's not true."
"Yes it is."
"No it's...it's not," Harry looked angry, "I care about you MJ! I really do!"
"No you don't!"

"I do!" Harry grabbed her arm and pulled her, "please let me show you-"
"No get off me!" MJ tried to pull away but she couldn't.
"MJ-"
"Harry maybe you should-"
"Shut up Flash!" Harry yelled, "please MJ just give me a chance and I'll-"
"That's enough!" I yelled out loud enough to make them all pause. They ll turned and looked
and finally they realised I was standing there.
"Peter?" MJ asked with surprise
"Parker? What are you doing here?" Flash asked in equal shock.
"Apparently I'm stopping Osborn from committing sexual assault," I shrugged walking past
Liz and Flash. I grabbed Harry's arm and and pulled it off of MJ, I turned to her, "you okay?"
"Y-yeah," she nodded.
"What are you doing here?" Liz asked in surprise.
I looked her dead in the eyes and smiled, "I had a date."
"A date?" MJ asked in surprise.
"A date? You?" Flash blinked.
I shrugged, "yeah, she was really cute. Had this whole cat thing going on. But she bailed out
on the check, so it wasn't that great a date."
"Get lost Parker" Harry called out.
"Yeah, no, not going to do that," I turned to MJ, "you ready to go home?"
She rubbed her hand, "y-yeah, please."
"Butt out Parker," Harry growled.
"And what? Let you assault her? Yeah right, I thought you were better than that Harry," I
sneered, "guess I was wrong."
"Move Parker, or I'll move you!" Harry grabbed my jacket collar.
"I would like to see you try," I glared back at him.
"Harry don't, it's not worth it man," Flash spoke up.

"Shut it Flash!" Harry yelled he tried to pull me up by my jacket collar but couldn't, it was
actually a very comical scene if I was being honest. I was holding back my laughter as best as
I could, did he really think he could beat me?
"Harry let him go," MJ cried.
"No," Harry growled, "you have been a pain in my side Parker. I don't even know how we
were ever friends."
"We weren't ever friends Harry," I told him, "being friends would mean you being my equal.
The only thing you're better than me at is buying friends."
Harry's eyes widened in surprise before narrowing in rage.
"Harry no!" MJ cried as Harry punched me across the face. I fell to the ground holding my
eye in pain. I hate the fact that I couldn't dodge that.
Flash was in a panic, he grabbed Harry and dragged him to the car, Osborn looking horrified
at me on the ground, he went quietly. Harry, Liz and flash drove away leaving me and MJ
alone.
I sighed as I got up, MJ already at my side, "oh my God Peter are you alright?! I can't believe
he did that!"
"Yeah, well, I wanted him too so it wasn't all bad," I shrugged. I winced as MJ checked my
bruised face, "is it bad?"
"It'll bruise," she sighed, "why did you want him to hit you?"
"Because Harry isn't a bad guy," I shrugged, MJ looked confused, "he's human. He has bad
qualities, true, but he isn't like a super villain or something. He's just...difficult. I figured if he
hit me he would leave out of shock."
MJ blinked, "you know him well huh?"
"Well, he was my best friend," I shrugged, "come on, it's a long way back home, we can catch
a bus there," I pointed at a bus stop further away.
We walked to the bus stand and sat, waiting for bus to come. MJ however didn't like the
silence.
"What happened?" she asked suddenly.
I looked at her, "what do you mean?"
"You and Harry? How did...how did it go wrong?"
I sighed, I recalled the memories Peter had growing up, it was honestly a sad story. I didn't
really like thinking about it, I pretended it never happened, but...I suppose it did.

"I'm a pretty smart guy, you know that right?"
MJ chuckled, "yeah, maybe."
I smiled, "anyway, so I got Midtown Junior High on a scholarship and Harry got in because
of his dad's money. He wasn't the most confident guy back then so we were both outcasts. We
just kind of clicked I supposed. We were friends for a long time and then...well high school
happened.
"People quickly realized Harry was a pushover and very open with cash. Freshman year they
started to talk to him, asking him for money and in return they hanged out with him. I didn't
like that, I could see what was happening to him but he didn't. I tried to warn him but...guess
he never listened. So we just kind of drifted apart.
"Harry did eventually stop bleeding out cash to anyone who asked and grew a spine, I think
his dad yelled at him or something. But by then he was already a really popular guy and I was
til...well I guess I was still me. He forgot me and I suppose now he hates me."
The bus came and we got in. We sat near the back, there wasn't anyone else there. It was a
quiet ride, MJ looked sad, guess the story really drew parallels between Harry and her when
it came to abandoning Peter Parker.
"I'm sorry," she suddenly said.
I knew what she was sorry for, so I didn't bother asking what, "it's fine."
"No, it's not. I didn't….I didn't really realise I was abandoning you. I was just so happy
making new friends that-"
"-I said it's fine Mary Jane," I snapped.
"No it's not, you hate me."
"What makes you think that?"
"You don't even call me MJ, it's always just Mary Jane," she looked sad. Crap, I didn't think
she noticed.
I shrugged, "it's fine. I work better alone anyway. I'm not used to working with other people."
MJ didn't say a thing. We rode the bus in silence. We got home late that night. I was
exhausted when I slept in my bed. My head filled with thought.
I had just told the world that Spider-man was real and in a big way. I had just meet the Black
Cat and I'm pretty sure she's new to the whole robbery thing, just like me. I also wondered
about Harry, should I be worried? No, I don't think I need to be, in the end, he's an asshole,
but he's an asshole with a conscious.

Chapter End Notes

And the Black Cat enters. Honestly I love MJ, but I just feel like Felicia would fit the SI
I'm building much better. Plus she's so fucking hot.
Anyway, I hope you all enjoyed that, the next updates won't be for sometime now.

Chapter 5: Chapter 5:Fantastic Start
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

I should have been worried. I should have been so worried.
I woke up the next day expecting everything to be the same. Well, not entirely. When I went
down for breakfast I saw the front page of the Daily Bugle that Ben was reading.
'Mysterious criminal destroys block party' was written in bold across the front page. And
right below it was a sketched picture of what they thought I looked at.
They got the eyes right, somewhat. But everything else looked like a demon from hell. My
jacket looked like it made out of skips, and the last I checked I didn't have freaking claws
man!
But I'll be honest, I was pretty damn happy with myself. People knew off me, but they didn't
know me. The only thing they knew for sure was the symbol on jacket, people started calling
me 'The Spider', pretty appropriate I would say,
at school Harry walked in with his head hung low and walking behind him was his father,
Norman Osborn.
I was standing by my locker when I saw him spot me and smile. It was so fucking creepy. I
knew how he looked, Peter had met him once before at harry's home back when they were
still friends. The man was huge and one can only guess that underneath his suit he was
covered with muscles.
I needed a plan to avoid him, or at the very least run away. But I couldn't, because he walking
right up at me with Harry by his side. So I instead steeled my nerves and got ready for a
confrontation. God help me.
He smiled at me, "Mr. Parker," he extended a hand to shake.
"Dr. Osborn," I replied shaking his hand, "I'm surprised to see you here."
The man raised an eyebrow at his title, "yes well, I came for a more personal matter, may we
speak somewhere more private?"
I looked at Harry, he had his head down in embarrassment. I didn't know what was going on,
best not to tick him off. I nodded and followed Norman out of the school. We began to walk
around the block with Harry trailing behind us a good ten feet.
"I'll admit Peter, you surprised me, how did you know I had obtained a doctorate?"
"I was one of Harry's close friends a year back, I don't think you remember, I was curious so I
looked you up. I was really impressed by your paper on mechanical muscle replacement

surgery, really cutting edge stuff."
He raised an eyebrow, "you understood it?"
"Using a semi-liquid metal to replace injured or dysfunctioning muscles. The process will
involve injecting the affected part with nanobots which will rework the system on a cellular
level. But unfortunately you could never get the AI to work, the nanobots weren't smart
enough."
Norman smiled, "very good Peter. I'm impressed."
Harry blinked, "what?" he asked in a defeated tone.
"Not now Harry," he dismissed him with a frown before turning back to me and smiling, "you
are a bright young man aren't you? I heard from Harry that you are at the top of your class, is
that true?"
I narrowed my eyes, he's not an idiot, he probably knew that. So why? Why butter me up?
I'm already...oh...so that's why.
I chuckled, "tell me Dr. Osborn, why are you here?"
Norman chuckled, "straight to the point I see. Very well Peter, let's test that brain of yours.
Why do you think I am here?"
"You're afraid I'll sue Harry for assaulting me last night," I said bluntly, Harry winced but I
ignored him, "you are here to make sure I don't do that."
Norman nodded, "very good Peter. Harry doesn't give you enough credit."
"Thanks, I'll admit Dr. Osborn I was tempted, but it's not worth the hassle," I shrugged.
"Are you sure? From what I hear you're aunt and uncle could use the money," he said in a
provoking tone.
He was trying to piss me off, I knew that and I wasn't going to let him. I shrugged, "maybe,
but they have morals. It wouldn't be right to do that."
"You would give up making your life easier, just because it wasn't right?" Normal asked.
"How you do it matter just as much as what you do Dr. Osborn," I told him.
"Semantics Peter, if you can save the world and all the people in it, wouldn't you? Even if
you had to do something wrong?"
I looked at the man, I could see the twisted sense of righteousness he carried on his shoulder.
I can only imagine how much ti would grow once he became the Green Goblin.
"Dr. Osborn, we now are at a population of 7 billion. However it is calculated that the Earth
can only provide for 4 billion people. If I killed 3 billion people then I would be saving

mankind's future. Does that seem like an acceptable method?"
Normal smiled, "I'm beginning to like you more and more Peter," he took out a checkbook
and wrote down something in it. He tore it out and passed it to me, "there isn't much I care
for in this world. My son however is one of them. He made a mistake, I hope you forgive his
foolishness Peter and put this past us."
I looked at the check. Twenty thousand dollars. I gulped, I could do so much with this money.
Create an actual Spider-man costume, get a better computer, so many things! But...but I
couldn't, I won't be pitied, not by anyone and especially not by Norman Osborn.
"Thanks Dr. Osborn, but no thanks," I pushed the cheque to him.
"This can help your family a lot Peter, is your pride really worth their suffering?"
"It's like you didn't even listen to me," I rolled my eyes, "I told you, the methods matter as
well as the result. Tell me, if the situations were reversed would you do it? Would you throw
your pride and listen to some man who thinks you're worth a piece of paper and some ink?
What about the Osborn pride? Would you do this?"
Norman looked stunned. He looked at me and then the cheque with an open mouth before he
smiled. He threw his head back and laughed. I looked at Harry questioningly, he shrugged,
guess he didn't know what was going on either.
"You are a remarkable young man Peter," Norman took the cheque and tore it into pieces,
"I'm sorry to have insulted you with this gesture. If you truly don't wish to make repression
for Harry's actions then I will believe you. If you ever need anything from me Peter, just ask.
Have a good day," he turned and walked away, glaring at Harry, "we'll talk more at home."
"Y-yes father," Harry nodded, refusing to meet the man's eyes. A limo down the street pulled
up and Norman got it, driving away.
I looked at Harry, "you're dad's kind of intense huh?"
"You have no idea," he replied. Believe me Harry, I think I do.
I went home that day exhausted. Colleen was really pushing me in the dojo, by now I was
very efficient with the katana, I was fast and precise, and while I couldn't take on Colleen
herself, I was quickly becoming one of the best in the dojo.
As I sat in my basement lab though that night I was burdened by money. I just let twenty
thousand dollars slip out of my hands. And because what? The guy who will one day become
my arch enemy offered to pay me off?...Actually no, that's a very good reason.
But money still bugged me. May and Ben were barely making ends meet. Ben was working
two shifts and me spending almost all my money on Spider-man stuff didn't leave much for
me to spend outside.
I needed to make money, but how? My first thought was to make something freaking
amazing and patent it. Peter was a genius, and I wasn't an idiot either, surely we could think

of something right?
But no, every idea I came up with was either too expensive to research, too complex to be
marketable or too stupid. Don't even get me started on the business side of things, patenting
alone will cost 300$ and I needed money now!
There was no way I was ever going to resort to taking pictures of myself and selling them to
JJ. Honestly journalism was dying and secrecy has no place in the modern world. Everyone
has a cell phone, if I was to venture out into the light with the suit on I would be an internet
meme in seconds.
There were other jobs though, such as online marketing and white hat hacking, where one is
hired by a company to try and hack into their serves, if you do and if you can help them patch
their server up they would be more than willing to pay you generously. Only problem, I
wasn't sure Peter's skills were good enough.
So I was basically fucked. I had no skills I could market and no way to make money. I was
tempted to just steal the cash, just break into one of the many GST warehouses I knew for a
fact had stores of cash and steal it all. But, once more, stupid morals got in the way.
I could make investments in companies I knew for a fact would be huge in the future...but
once again, I need capital for that to happen.
I sighed, I walked upstairs to ask aunt May what I should do when I found her glued to the
TV.
"Aunt May, what's going on?" I asked.
"It's terrible Peter, some kind of fight broke out!" she cried pointing to the TV. I turned and
gasped.
It was a news coverage of a battle happening in the middle of Madison Avenue. I saw a man
dressed in metallic armor with a green cape around his shoulders raising his hands into the air
throwing lightning out in arcs.
Suddenly a fire bolt came flying down and crashed into the man. However the armored man
grabbed the fire bolt and threw him into a big giant orange rock thing and-wait, that's The
Thing!
My eyes widened, "aunt May I have to go back to school, I forgot something. I'll be back in
an hour or so!" I yelled out as I ran to my basement ignoring her cries for me to stop.
I grabbed my costume and put it on, in a minute I was dressed in my costume, web shooters
ready and fully loaded. I snuck out of my home and jumped from tree to tree, hiding in the
shadows until I was far away to swing away.
That was Doom, the man with the green cape. And fire ball wasn't a ball of fire, it was The
Human torch, Johnny Storm. The Fantastic Four got their powers a few weeks ago, guess

Victor Von Doom did as well. And now they were tearing up the city, I needed to help them,
to stop Doom.
I swung out of Queen within ten minutes, my heart was pounding, excited and dreading the
coming fight. I don't know why I'm doing this, the FF can handle Doom, right? They are the
good guys, they don't need my help.
Then….no, I have to do this. I need to get my name out there in the public eye, Spider-man
needs to step into the light and be seen as a good guy. The FF have been many things, but the
one thing they are always known for is being a hero, and if I make my debut with them?
There would be no question of what I wanted to do.
I swung into New York for the first time, the tall buildings were perfect for my kind of
fighting. I swung around to Madison avenue just as a car came flying at me triggering my
spider senses.
'Seriously?!' yelled out as I let go of the web line and landing on the hood of the car flying
backwards. I looked down and saw Doom right before me and I got an idea.
I launched two web lines onto the building on my sides and slowly the car began to slow
down in moment, before it started to drop down I pulled the strained web lines, launching
myself and car like a rail gun right at Doom.
"Incoming!" I yelled. The Fantastic Four all turned and gasped at the car flying at Doom.
Johnny flew out of the way as I came flying at Doom. I jumped off the car onto a building
side as the car collided head first with Doom exploding into a ball of fire.
I sighed and slowly crawled down to road level and signed, "damn, didn't think it would be
that effective."
"Holy shit man! That was fucking awesome!" Johnny Storm, the Human Torch, called out as
he landed next to me switching off his flames, "who are you man?!"
"Yes, I think we would like to know as well," Red Richards, Mr. Fantastic, and Sue Storm,
the Invisible Woman, walked up to me with curious faces.
"Ah...I'm a friend?" I shrugged.
"We mean do you have a name?" Ben Grimm, the Thing, asked.
"Ah, well," I pointed at the giant Spider on my jacket, "I'm Spider-man."
"Lame!" Johnny snorted, "who wants to be called a spider?"
"Oh really? And what's you're name flame breath?"
"I'm the Human Torch!" Johnny grinned.
"Really? You do know you're basically calling yourself a walking flashlight right?"

Susan snorted in laughter, Reed smiled as well. Ben however gave a full blown laughter, "ha!
He's got you there punk!"
CRASH!
We turned to see the burnt wreckage of the car flying away to one side and out of the fire
came Doom. I gulped, I looked around, people were in the corners, they were afraid, I could
see the cameras pointing at me, guess it's official, I'm Spider-man.
"We need to get him away from the people," I told them, "he's causing too much damage."
"Anyone got a bright idea?" Johnny asked as he flamed on and floated in the air.
"His powers are plasma based right?" I guessed looking at the lighting around his body.
"Yes, he also has a very advanced suit of armor in hand, probably one that rivals Stark's,"
Reed informed.
"The river," I told them, "we can short circuit him in the river."
"Right, Ben, do you think can drag him into the East River?" Reed asked as he stretched his
body and arms closing them into fists.
"No problem stretch," Ben grinned cracking his fingers.
"Sue, we'll provide back up, Johnny can you keep him distracted with fire balls?"
"You betcha!" Johnny cried out flying off.
"I didn't mean now!" Reed growled before he turned to me, "Spider-man, think you can help
out?"
"I would be happy too," I nodded as I jumped up on a light pole and swung into action.
"Hey Doomey!" Ben roared as he charged him like a tank, "it's clobbering time!" He
brought his fist down, over Doom. The man stood still and took the hit as the road below him
cracked.
I heard his scoff, "pathetic as always Ben Grimm," He then sent out a bolt of lightning that
knocked Ben on his ass.
"Hey Victor!" Johnny called out, "eat this!" Fireball after fire ball came at the man. But
Doom didn't even bother moving. He stayed where he was and let the fire bounce off his
armour.
He chuckled, "Johnny, Johnny, Johnny, always the weakest one," he snapped his fingers
sending out a bolt of electricity that hit Johnny in the stomach and sent him flying back.
"Johnny!" I cried out as I swung towards him, grabbing him by the arm and landing on a
nearby rooftop. Johnny had luckily flamed off by that point, I slapped him hard across the

face, "wake up man! Wake up!"
But it was no use, Johnny was out cold, Doom had overcharged his nervous system and
knocked him out.
I turned back to the battle and saw Sue stopping Doom's lighting by erecting a barrier around
herself and Reed. But stray streams of power were getting dangerously close to the civilians,
I needed help them, just one opening and they can take him out.
I looked around the roof, I needed to insult him but how can- I paused looking at the air
vents. This building was huge, it gave off an obscene amount of heat through the vents, in
order to keep the vents intact it would have to be insulated to some degree. It wasn't perfect,
but it was what I had on hand.
I ran to the air vent and punched the bottom half, tearing it off at the bottom. I pulled it loose
and carried it under my arm as I stepped onto the roof edge. I took a deep breath and sighed,
'here goes nothing!'
I jumped down and swung up high like a pendulum. I let got of the web at the cruxes of my
swing, right over Doom's position.
"Yo Doom!" I cried out as I began falling down right at him holding the air vent before me,
"bit me!"
"What is-" he looked up surprised as I slammed into him, pinning him down with the vent. I
was thrown to the side from the impact, my bones hurt like hell. I think I broke...everything,
through sheer will I got back on my feet and looked up at Doom getting up, the air vent now
covering his body.
"What kind of stupidity is this?" I asked as he began to flex his arms. I saw the vent being
ripped apart at the seems so quickly I set my web shooters to hard webbing and spun it
around the event keeping it intact.
Doom tried his best but found he couldn't break the webbing, "what madness is this?! How
does a web hold back Doom?!"
"You're about to find out pal!" I yelled as I jumped up as punched him across the face, only to
hear something snap.
"Argh!" I yelled, of course he's basically indestructible, he took a hit from the Thing! What
did I think was going to happen?
"Clever child, but none shall escape Doom!" he yelled as I saw plasma sparks run off his
body, but suddenly they disappeared. He looked down at the vent and chuckled, "of course,
it's insulated."
"Which means I can do this!" Reed yelled as he grabbed Doom with his giant hand and threw
him into the air.

"I got him!" Sue yelled out as she captured Doom in an invisible ball and flew him over to
the East River. I blinked as I watched her go, why was everything suddenly all red? Why...oh,
I'm bleeding from my skull...what fun.
I closed my eyes and fell back on the broken debris as I heard Ben's voice yell something out.
The FF could do the rest, I need to sleep.
Some time later:
I blinked awake and looked around. I was in a room with wires attached to me and a monitor
attached to my chest. I moved around for a bit and felt pain shoot through my body. I looked
down, I was wearing my pants, but my shirt and jacket were neatly folded and kept on the
side.
I reached up and touched my face, no mask, shit! I looked to the side out the window and saw
I was on a really high up floor, maybe the 200th? So it wasn't a hospital, thank god for small
miracles. If I was in a hospital I would be so fucked! Goodbye Spider-Man hello SHIELD
detention facility.
The sky was darkening, it was late, maybe 8 pm? Was I asleep for an hour? I got off the bed
and winced in pain at the feeling of my body move. I was bruised all over my body, but
luckily it didn't feel like anything was broken.
"All I'm saying is we should at least hear the guy's story first before we throw him out on the
curb!" Johnny Storm entered the room followed by Reed and Sue.
"We aren't going to throw him out Johnny it's just-" Sue stopped as she turned to me and
smiled, "ah, you're awake then."
I nodded, "yeah, guess I am."
"Dude! I didn't think you would be awake so soon!" Johnny cheered, "but ah, I don't think
you should be walking just yet."
"No, it's fine, my body can heal itself pretty quickly," I told him as I removed all the wires
attached to me, switching off the heart monitor, "so...I'm assuming you already did a facial
search?"
Reed nodded, "we did, hello Peter."
I winced, "damnit, there goes my secret identity."
"Hey don't worry, we won't tell anyone, right guys?" Johnny asked his sister and Reed.
"Of course, you helped us out with Doom it wouldn't be fair if we didn't at least returned the
favour," Sue smiled.
"I still believed we should have called his aunt and uncle, they would be worried sick about
him," Reed argued.

"Please don't," I told him, "I can manage them, they don't need to know about this part of my
life," I grabbed my shirt and put it on. As I did I noticed Susan Storm's eyes pinned to my
abs, I couldn't help but smile, guess I was hot huh?
"So wait why did you just jump in like that?" Johnny asked, "I mean don't get me wrong, I
appreciate it and all that, but why risk your life?"
I shrugged, "people were getting hurt, I had to do something. I really doubt this is in Tony
Stark's radar. He's probably off saving the middle-east or something." Plus I need the good
press, but better keep that part to myself.
"So you just swing in? All the way from Queens?" Reed asked surprised.
"My uncle has a saying, with great power comes great responsibility," I put on my jacket and
zipped it up. Tucked into its pockets I found my web shooters, phone and mask, "I have the
power to help people, to save lives. Why shouldn't I?"
"Because-" Reed began only to stop, he thought for a moment before shrugging, "I honestly
can't think of an answer for that."
"Would you look at that, I managed to stump the great Reed Richards," I chuckled as I turned
on my phone to find two miss calls from my uncle.
I immediately called him and spoke, "hey Uncle Ben."
"Peter? Oh thank God, where are you Mr.? Do you know how worried your aunt was?"
"I-I sorry uncle Ben, Marcus called me over, he wanted me to help him out with a chemistry
test tomorrow and I...I'm sorry."
"It's fine Peter, though when you get back we need to have a serious talk about this new
attitude of yours," Ben's voice was soft but I could hear the edge to it, "I'm assuming you've
already had dinner?"
I blinked, I looked at the clock on my phone and cursed, it was nine already. I sighed, "ah,
yeah, Marcus' mom made us some pasta. Tell Aunt May I'm sorry, I didn't mean to worry
her." I spent a few more moments promising to be home early before hanging up.
"You're a very good liar," Reed narrowed his eyes.
I nodded, "not something I'm proud off."
"How long have you been...well, been Spider-Man?"
"A month or so," I shrugged.
"Wait, seriously?" Johnny asked blinking, "but I've literally never heard of you until today."
"Did you hear about the Hulk in Harlem?" I asked.

"Yeah, but what does that have to do with you?" Johnny asked.
"You were there," Susan suddenly spoke out, "you helped the Hulk take out Abomination. I
saw you on TV, a red hoodie and blue pants right?"
I nodded, "yeah. I've also been working a lot behind the scenes as well. Nothing big, just
busting a block party here, being a pain in general to the drug rings of New York. You know,
the usual."
Reed looked suspicious, Johnny looked impressed and Susan gave me a smile which made
me wish I still had my adult male body. Stupid teenage hormones!
"Hey Peter," Johnny grinned as he swung his arm around me, "you hungry? Cause I'm
hungry."
Reed's stomach growled just then causing the man to chuckle, "yes, maybe it's best we eat
something. I'm sure Ben has reached her by now anyway."
"Great! Let's go!"
Johnny lead my out of the room and down a hallway. I found myself in a clean white hall, we
walked past several rooms filled with tech, I could identify some of them on sight and I swear
the Peter Parker inside of my was scream from a giant nerdgasm.
"Damn, this place is amazing," I commented looking at the rooms, "a quantum slicers, gene
identifier, a cyclotron and….why do you have a car battery?"
"Oh, that's mine," Johnny shrugged, "that's my lab," he pointed at the one with the battery, I
noticed it also had a 3-D printer and a couple of sketches drawn up and posted on the walls,
"it was the first battery I ever fixed, kind of like my inspiration."
"The Baxter building is our father's building," Sue explained, "he believed gathering the
brightest minds under one roof will lead to discoveries beyond our wildest dreams. Each
scientist was give a workstation to use and in return any invention they make is co-owned by
them and the Baxter foundation."
I whistled, "damn, that's pretty amazing. But ah, I can't help but notice you guys are kind of
running low on lab techs. Or did they go home after the lighting guy came knocking?" I
asked, not mentioning Doom's real name because for all intents and purposes the public didn't
know who Doom was, hence neither did I.
"His name is Victor Von Doom," Reed explained, "and he is...was, my friend."
"He used to work with us, in this place, over the years the Baxter building has started to loose
its members," Susan admitted, "we have enough funding, but people these days are more
interested in making money working for place in Oscorp or Stark industries than work here."
"So ah...why exactly is he pissed at you?" I asked as the hall lead out into a giant living space
with a living room, kitchen, dining room, gaming area with bean bags and a library with
shelves across the far wall.

"He's just pissed because Reed's better than him," I heard a rough voice call out from the
couch. I saw Ben Grimm reading an extra large newspaper on an industrial sized metal chair.
It didn't have any cushions, though I doubt he would need it.
"Peter, this is Ben Grimm, you don't have to be afraid," Reed told in a gentle calming voice.
"Yeah I figured," I shrugged, "since you know, he tried to save the city instead of
electrocuting it."
"Ha, I like this kid," Ben chuckled as he folded the paper and got up, "so, I hear you're
some kind of superhero?"
I nodded, "yeah, well, trying to be."
"I'd say you are judging by the way the news is talking about you," Johnny called out as he
turned on the TV displaying the news. It was about the attack, and more specifically, about
me.
"Police have yet to identify the red jacket wearing hero, though some claim it is the same one
who helped stop the Hulk's rampage in Harlem a month ago," a crude picture of my in my
first costume showed up near the anchor's head, "many people have coined the name 'SpiderMan', alluding to the logo spray painted on his jacket. No one knows who he is or what he
does. We went to the streets to find out people's opinions of New York's newest hero's."
The NEWS showed variety of people, interviewing them and asking them what they thought
about me.
"I don't know, but I think he's here to help. He got knocked out pretty fast, so I'm kind of
worried for him. I don't think the hero business is his thing," a black man commented.
"I think heroes are over rated, we don't need them here! Ever since they came here villain's
have followed, and I can promise you this boy will only lead to more problems!" an old lady
claimed.
"He's a hero," an older man wearing a camo jacket commented, "I respect the fact that he just
leap into action without a second thought. He's a bit reckless, but I think his heart's in the
right place."
"He looks cool," a young boy admitted.
People kept commenting, I honestly felt like blushing. They were praising me, calling me a
hero for crying out loud! Some didn't approve, they called me an unwanted vigilante, but
most didn't seem to care. Guess I was right about getting good press by being seen together
with the FF.
"They're right you know, you are inexperienced," Reed groaned, "you are reckless and you
just jumped into the battle without thinking."
"He was just trying to help Reed, cut him some slack," Susan snapped.

Immediately Reed backed down, "s-sorry."
Sue huffed, she turned to me and grinned, "don't worry about it Peter, things like this take
time. Heck, we aren't even super heroes but people are still calling us that. Johnny, what's that
ridiculous name they have for us again?"
"The Fantastic Four sis, and for the record, I don't think it's stupid," Johnny grinned, "I kind
of like it."
"Ha! Of course you do," Ben chuckled, "hate to break it to you kid, but we ain't heroes."
"Actually Ben, you kind of are," I spoke up, "this was all of your first appearance in the
spotlight. From now on people are going to expect you to fight to save lives, you're just going
to have to deal with it."
"Is that why you chose to remain behind the scenes for so long?" Reed asked.
"Yup," I half-lied, "it's easier to work in the shadows than to be outed and have expectations
dropped on you like that."
"Understandable," Susan replied looking nervous, "well look at it this way, at least now the
Baxter building is getting free advertisement. Maybe we can finally get some people in here
and working."
I smiled, "yeah, I don't think you'll have a problem in that front anymore."
"Well...I suppose people might be calling us the Fantastic Five now," Reed chuckled, "I don't
really think they know we aren't together."
"Damn, maybe you should issue a press release or something," I chuckled. I looked at the TV
screen and suddenly a question came up, "why aren't they surrounding the building? Don't
they know I'm in here?"
"No," Reid replied, "after you fainted Sue turns you invisible and brought you here. Don't
worry Peter, you're perfectly safe here."
I sighed in relief, "thanks Sue, I owe you."
Susan smiled, "forget about it."
"Can we get something to eat? I'm hungry and it's been a long day," Ben grumbled.
"Yes, of course," Reed agreed as he walked to the kitchen.
"Well I guess that's my cue to leave," I spoke up.
"No wait, didn't you tell your uncle you already ate? Are you just going home without
dinner?" Susan asked.
I blinked, "you are scary observant."

"Yeah she is," Johnny grumbled, "but seriously man, stay!"
I shrugged, "well, okay, only if I'm not bother you or anything."
"Trust me kid, it's no bother at all. You're probably be the most normal person in the
room," Ben grunted out.
I chuckled nervously, "don't beat on that Ben. So ah, what happened to Doom anyway?"
Ben sighed, "we managed to get him into the East River as planned and he electrocuted
himself. He was unconscious, but instead of going to jail he was sent home."
I blinked, "what? Why?"
"He's technically the prince of Latveria, as such he has diplomatic immunity," Reed growled,
"he got off scoot free."
"Damn," I grumbled, "that sucks."
"So what's for dinner?" Johnny asked rubbing his hands greedily.
"We have," Susan opened the fridge door and bent down to the bottom rack. I couldn't help it,
my eyes were drawn to her ass as it stretched her blue uniform to it's limits. Damn I love
spandex.
Johnny slapped me up the head, "dude, eyes up front."
I grumbled, "yeah, fine."
"We got pizza!" Sue cheered holding up fives boxes of frozen pizza, "Johnny, will you do the
honors?"
"My pleasure sis!" Johnny took each pizza one by one out of the box and set it on fire. It
hissed for a moment burn out all the coldness before leaving behind a steaming, if slightly
blacked large meat lovers pizza.
We grabbed plates and sat around the dining table. Ben sat down on his industrial chair, and
we ate, and ask we did I told them my life story. Well...some of it anyway.
"So wait, a spider bite gave you your powers? That's stupid man!" Johnny cried out.
"It wasn't an ordinary spider Johnny," I shrugged, "it was genetically altered and radioactive.
I was able to overwrite my genes and change me on a cellular level."
"How do you know that?" Reed asked.
"Oh come on Reed, you must have seen my report card when you did a search on me right?
What did it say?"
"Above average student, exceptional in studies and subjects that interest you," Read narrated.

"So you're smart?" Ben asked.
"I'm no Susan Storm or reed Richards, but I can hold my own," I shrugged.
"So wait, the spider bite gave you advanced agility and the ability to shoot webs out of your
hands?" Susan asked.
"Oh no, not at all. Actually the web thing was my own invention, I created a formula that
solidifies when exposed to air, creating a web like substance. And I use these," I lifted my
sleeves displaying my web shooters, "to launch the web lines."
"Amazing, you invented those? All by yourself?" Reed asked.
I shrugged, "well it was either this all a grapple hook. And believe me I can't do half as
amazing things with a grapple than I can with my webs."
"Damn Peter, that's impressive," Johnny whistled, "I mean I'm kind of an inventor myself, so
I can understand the difficulties in creating something so amazing. Good job kid, good job."
"Hey, don't call me kid, we're the same age firebutt," I growled.
"And what do you mean you're an inventor?" Susan scoffed, "the only thing you invented is a
hair gel to didn't burn when you went all flames."
"Hey! Don't diss my invention! Next thing you know thousands of firemen all over the
country will be lining up to buy my stuff! You'll see!"
"Yeah, or we can use it to grease up engines."
"Hey! My beautiful hair gel is not a replacement for engine grease!"
"Then why does it look the same?"
"Why you little!" Johnny growled punching Ben's arm only to cry out in pain, "I hate you!"
I chuckled at their antics, guess I know why they were such a good team. They were more
family than friends.
Slowly they all calmed down. I helped clear up the plates, washing them in the sink with Sue.
I kept trying to sneak in a quick peek at her amazing behind but Johnny also caught me,
stupid fire breather.
When we were done the FF and I were gathered around in the living room and Susan spoke,
"Peter, how would you like a job here with us?"
I blinked, "super hot lady saw what now?"
Susan chuckled as Reed and Johnny glared at me, "I'm serious Peter. I saw your test scores,
impressive. And from what you've told us about your invention, well there is certainly

promise to say the least. I told you, the Baxter Building is a place for geniuses to learn and
grow together, I think you'll do great here, don't you?"
"I-I don't, I don't know if I can live up to your expectations," I gulped replying honestly, "like
I'm already busy, I have school training and Spider-man stuff I don't' know how-"
"You don't have office hours in a place like this Peter," Reed spoke up, "we make our own
times. Sue and I practically live here, but Johnny roams around a lot. We only expect one
thing out of you, improvements in science."
"You get final say on anything you invent," Sue continued, "we'll decide together if we will
release what we discovered or not. You'll have a lab and funding for your projects, along with
some cash as a monthly salary. Heck maybe you can even make some gizmos to help you out
when you're out as Spider-Man."
"And if you're really desperate for an alibi while out fighting crime, you can always just
tell your folks at home you were here working on a project," Ben suggested.
"Yeah! That's brilliant rock brains!" Johnny cheered, "and we can like totally team up all the
time! Fantastic Four and Spider-Man saves the day!"
I blinked as I looked at them all. Johnny was the one who looked most hopeful, Sue looked
confident while Reed just smiled. I couldn't really tell with Ben's face, you know, because of
all the rocks, but it looks like he was smirking.
"I would be honored to work with you guys," I said finally, "believe it or not, I really needed
a job. Both for the cash and as an excuse to be Spider-Man. This would be perfect."
"Great! Welcome to the Baxter Foundation Peter," Sue stood up, I did as well and we shook
hands, "I'll get the paperwork started. Maybe it's time to go home, it's getting late and you're
aunt and uncle are bound to be worried."
My eyes went wide I looked at the clock, it was ten, "oh shit!" I jumped over the couch and
put on my mask, "it was amazing meeting you guys! I'll see you tomorrow!" I pushed opened
the balcony door and jumped out, swinging across the New York skyline.
"I like him," Susan smiled.
"Yeah you do," Johnny teased, "judging by the way his eyes were attached to your spandex
covered behind I would say he likes you a lot."
"Johnny!" Susan yelled.
"I'm going to bed, night," Ben grumbled.
"Same," Reed got up and left, "I'll see you all tomorrow."
After Reed left Johnny turned to Sue, "think he's jealous?"
Sue blinked, "what? Who? Reed? Why would he be jealous?"

Johnny blinked, "you know sis for a pretty smart girl you sure are dumb."
I got back home changed into my normal clothes and meet my aunt and uncle. And surprise
surprise, it was yell o'clock. They must have been on my case for over an hour. I swear I must
have gone deaf for five minutes somewhere in between.
"So what do you have to say now Peter's" Aunt May asked as she finally winded up the
lecture.
I looked her straight in the eyes and without blinking replied, "I got a job."
They blinked, they looked at each other and then at me. "What?" Uncle Ben asked.
"Okay I'll be honest, thing about Marcus? It was a lie. I really went to Madison avenue to see
the Fantastic four fight Doom. Dont' worry I stayed as far away from the battle as was
possible," I told them sensing another round of yelling coming my way, "I helped clean up
after it was done, Johnny Storm saw me, we talked. Then his sister showed up and she invited
me over. The reason I'm so late is because I spent the evening at the Baxter building trying to
impressive them enough to get a job."
Ben was the first one to speak, "that's amazing Peter! I'm so proud of you!"
I grinned as he grabbed me into a tight hug. I winced from the pain but kept my mouth shut.
Can't let them know I'm bruised like an apple.
"Peter you didn't have to do this," May said, "we have more than enough money, you should
be more focused on living your life, not getting a job."
"That's just it aunt May, I am living my life. The job is going to be inventing for a living! I'll
co-own all the patents I make, I'll have my own lab, and what's more I'll be getting payed! It's
perfect aunt May!"
She sighed, she looked like she was going to object once more but Ben stopped her, "May, it's
fine. The boy is old enough for a job, and it's lucky he found one that suits his talents. Peter,
I'll be honest, lying to us wasn't right, it was elfish and disrespectful, but I understand why
you did. You're good kid Peter, and I know you'll make us proud."
I smiled, "thanks uncle Ben." I knew I wasn't done, there would be more yelling, more
arguing. I'm sure one day they'll ask me to stop going just because it'll be too dangerous. But
for now, right this moment I was happy.
Spider-Man was born, I had a job, a family and a life. I was finally getting used to being
called Peter Parker. Who knows, I just might end up being an amazing Spider-Man. Ha ha,
puns!
The next day at school I had a kick in my step. I couldn't help grinning like an idiot. I woke
up early today morning and went full on Peter genius mood. I had a portfolio with a list of
ideas I could make with the FF's help. I really, really wanted to impress them.

Though sadly school did come first. Damn Aunt May, I already had a job, why must I persist
on this infernal hell?!
Okay, moving away from the melodramatic for a second, I'll admit, school was important I
can't just skip it.
So now I find myself reluctantly sitting down for first period English. Harry kept looking at
me from the corner of his eye, I didn't know why, hope Normal didn't ask him to spy or me or
anything, that would be a pain in the ass.
MJ and Liz were gossiping with the rest of the popular kids, same as usual, and Flash was
napping off in one corner.
"Alright class settle down," the English teacher walked in, "now before we begin I would like
to introduce a new student joining us. I understand it's late and she will have a lot to catch up
on so I hope you'll all be supportive. You can come on in Ms. Hardy."
My brain hit pause and then reset as all my scientific ideas went out the window. The door
opened a girl walked in with grace and poise. Her hair was silvery blonde, let loose as it
framed her face and reached to her lower back. She wore blue jeans that were tightly framing
her legs, a loose white shirt and a black leather jacket.
She looked bored, like she would rather be anywhere else but here. She grumbled, "yo."
I blinked, huh….I actually forgot about her.

Chapter End Notes

There we go, the next chapter is up. As I mentioned before I am putting in a lot more
than just the normal MCEU story lines in this story. And since Peter is going to be with
the FF a lot, I do planning on having a few adventures here and there that involve them.
Not many, but a few.

Chapter 6: The Cats Mark
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The next week and a half was weird for me and my life. I was now officially a part of the
Baxter Foundation. I spent most of my time there these days coming home only late in the
night. May and Ben didn't approve of it at first, but once they found out the work I was doing
could have lives they begrudgingly understood.
In reality however I actually spent an hour or so with the FF before going off on patrol as
Spider-Man, Sue understood though, after all that was part of the deal. This way I got to be a
hero and a scientist. Ha, and Peter always said this was hard.
I still remember the first day I came to the Baxter Building as Peter Parker and not SpiderMan. I had to fight through the giant crowd gathered outside and into the lobby. And even
then the guards wouldn't let me go up, so Johnny had to personally come down and clear me
through.
I'm pretty sure my picture was going to be in the front page tomorrow though, 'Mysterious
Boy enters Baxter Building?!' hopefully they didn't get a good enough shoot.
"So Peter, how did your aunt and uncle take it?" Johnny asked.
I shrugged, "as well as you can expect. I think they are still mad I lied to them but the fact I
got a job here seems to make them happy."
"Good man, heck maybe one day you should come clean to them you know? Tell them who
you really are?" Johnny lead me through the elevator doors into a large hallway.
"Yeah, not going to happen. They freak out if I'm late from a friend's place, can you imagine
what they could do if they knew I was Spider-Man?"
Johnny shrugged, "if you think so," he stopped before a door and pressed his hand on the
palm scanner next to it, "welcome to your new home."
My eyes went wide, "woah," I blinked as I looked around the large nearly empty room. I had
a large monitor and computer system up against one wall, a table and a few tools, but other
than that it was completely empty, "this is so cool!"
Johnny grinned, "I thought you'd think that. Anyway make yourself at home, my lab is just
three doors down and Sue's is right opposite to yours. Reed's further down the hall but, ah,
maybe don't go there unless he gives you permission. Guy is freaky when it comes to
personal space."

I nodded as I put my bag on the chair and took out my notes, "this is great Johnny, I have
many things I want to test out...hey, do you think you can help me out?"
Johnny blinked, "me? What do you mean?"
"Well last night I came up with a theory on how your powers work, I want to test it out," I
explained as I looked around my lab, god it feels weird saying that, and found a Geiger
counter. It was a complex one with a customizable setting, I would need to change its internal
working though for it to detect the energy signatures I wanted it to.
"Wait what? You think you know how my powers work? That's crazy man! Even Reed can't
figure that out!"
I shrugged, "it's only a theory man, chill out," I began working on the Geiger counter, adding
a thin filament of nickel to the counter. The people on my Earth had a theory, that Johnny's
powers, and the rest of the FF for that matter, we're dimensional energies. And their accident
allowed them to control that energy. And since it looked like I was dealing with the Ultimate
FF, who gained powers from teleporting that looks to be the case now as well.
If I recall correctly Johnny's powers were once super charged by a place called the Negative
Zone, it allowed his flames to grow so powerful he couldn't switch them off. But that was just
a theory, and now I would need to test it off.
I pointed the meter at Johnny, "go flames."
"It's called Flame on," Johnny grumbled as he turned up the heat, covering himself in flames.
I looked at the geiger counter and watched as the reading grew, and I smiled, "perfecto!"
"So? What did you find out?" Johnny asked switching off his flames.
"I think you're powers are coming from another dimension, and your body right now is
serving as some kind of portal, well not portal, more like a reverse sponge."
"Wait, how could you possibly know this? What did you do to the Geiger counter?"
"I added a layer of nickel to it," I pointed at the nickel patch, "this detected the amount of
heat you gave off. And the counter to detected your fire, which is radiating outwards, but not
in harmful amount. So you're power bursts out, and irradiated, you're not absorbing anything
out here in the air, so it must be coming from inside you, and when it reacts with our
atmosphere it explodes, behaving like fire. You're not a fireball, you're basically leaking
white phosphorus like radiation."
Johnny blinked, "woah, that's-that's amazing! Holy shit Peter that was so freaking cool! Here,
this is Reed's email ID, send your theory to him I'm sure he would love to hear it!"
I nodded to Johnny and did just that. Honestly Peter's mind was amazing, I had the theory,
but Peter's intelligence made it all happen.

After that I meet Reed, Ben and Sue for dinner. We talked a bit about the things I would work
on and how I could help. Reed took a look at my findings and needless to say he was
impressed, though I could detect a hint of distrust in his tone of voice which honestly
confused the hell out of me.
As the week went by the legend of Spider-Man only grew in time. Thanks to my timings at
the Baxter building I was able to go out on patrol on nights. I must have stopped three
muggings a day, on top of all the other things.
People talked about me like I was an urban legend, of the things Spider-Man was rumored to
have done. They had correctly guessed that I was the one who took out the GST block party a
week ago and that I had something to do with their arrest, but the rest of the rumors were all
pretty weird.
Some thought I was a demon from hell out to punish the wicked, I'm pretty sure that one was
a troll just making waves for fun. But others thought I was a mad man with a box, one theory
suggested I was a member of the FF that didn't like publicity and got my powers the same
way they did.
People even started to take pictures of me, hell I was the meme of the week! Even people in
school were talking about me like I was a God. It honestly made my kind of shy to be around
people knowing how much they loved Spider-Man.
Honestly though I found the crimes that are committed on the streets to be minor and few inbetween. I needed a new criminal project, and soon. I had been following the GST trial
closely and it looked like Matt pretty much had the whole thing in the bag. The evidence
wasn't for sure in court though, which was sad, but the drug bust in the warehouse was more
than enough to have them all sent to jail.
I had kept up with my training with Colleen, who had now taught me all the kata's she knew
for the sword. It was a blessing and a curse to have a brain like mine, I memorized the kata's
in seconds, though I'll admit it does take me a while to actually apply them to combat.
Colleen moved me up on her class list, I was now in the third hour classes and had just began
hand to hand training. I could tell she was still holding back, not willing to teach me
everything a Hand ninja would know, but that's fine, sooner or later Colleen wouldn't able to
help herself, she would teach me just to know that she could.
Call it warrior's pride or whatever you wish, but I knew her, she was after all my sensei.
Though one incident over the last week did stick out to me. I had a run in with Felicia, only
we were both in costume.
I was swinging down Wall Street when I hear a window break open. I landed on the opposite
building and watched as a figure dressed in black shimmed along the side of the building and
landed on the roof of shorter building next to. I narrowed my eyes and smiled, she still wore a
black tracksuit and a mask. It was honestly kind of cute.
I swung towards her and dropped down, "heya Kitty!"

The Black Cat turned around as I grabbed her around the waist and rolled around the roof. I
ended up on top with her below between my arms. I grinned, "we really have to stop meeting
up like this."
"Spider?" she blinked, "what are you doing here?"
"Oh you know how it is, I was in the neighborhood, though I should stop by," I looked at her
belt and found a pouch stuffed full, "have you been stealing again?"
"What I do isn't any business of yours," she growled.
"Ah, yeah it is. Hero, thief, see how it works?" I asked.
"Sorry Spider, but I don't have time to flirt," she kneed my groin causing me untold pain. I
knelt down in pain as she crawled away and ran to the roof's edge and jumped.
"Not this time!" I yelled as I shoot a web line at her and pulled her back into the roof. She
grunted in pain and quickly got up, drawing a knife and slicing my webbing.
"Hey, this stuff is expensive you know!" I chuckled.
"I'm sure you can cover it," she smiled as I got on my feet and we circled each other. She
lunged forward first with a swipe of her blade. I easily avoid it, caught her forearm and
twisted it around to her back, turning her around and grabbing at her hips.
"You know Cat, you can do so much more fighting for the good guys," I whispered.
"What makes you think I'm not?"
"Stealing isn't usually what good guys do," I told her.
"That's what you think. You're definition of good and bad needs to be reworked Spider. I only
steal from those who deserve it."
"Like a small time jewelry store?"
"A front for a mafia Uptown."
"And the office of the Wall street guy you broke into?"
"He's a broker, you really think he isn't dirty?"
"So what? You're a modern day Robin Hood?"
"No, I said I steal from the rich, I never said I gave to the poor," she broke out of my grip and
kicked me back. She ran to the roof and turned around and blew me a kiss, "next time
Spider," and them jumped down, landing on the roof of another building before jumping
away into a alley and away for sight.

I sighed as I got back on my feet, she really was a handful. I pulled out the pendrive I picked
from her satchel and grinned, the score was all tied up. I broke the pen drive and threw the
pieces away, I doubt it will be of any use now.
And so after all that, I still find myself stuck once more in school, which I am quickly coming
to find is the most boring part of my life. I was stuck in history class ignoring my teacher
who was going on and on about how much world war 2 sucked.
I sighed as I skimmed through my text book, looking at all the pretty pictures and gruesome
deaths. I stopped at a picture of Captain America and blinked, 'that's right, he's a war hero in
this world isn't he?'
I turned to chapter of my book that dealt with Steve Rogers and looked at all the pictures and
details. It looked a lot like in the movies, Peggy, that German scientist being killed, Bucky
'dying', all the good stuff.
But then I noticed something, in one of the photos, Steve was posing with his army buddies
sitting on boxes with bombs on them, the words, 'Property of Hitler' spray painted on the
side. But what I found most curious was the man standing next to Steve with the Canadian
flag on his jacket.
He looked feral with mutton chops and a cigar between his teeth. I immediately had a feeling
I knew this man but I couldn't be sure, I looked down to the names listing the soldiers in the
pictures and landed my eyes on a name I didn't expect to see here;
'James Howlett'
James Howlett, the real name of Logan, also known as the Wolverine. Fuck, mutants were
real in this world. They were fucking real...oh shit, oh fuck me in the ass! I am so fucked!
What if a psychic read my mind?! Oh fuck! I need to add, 'blocking out mental assholes who
don't respect a person's mental privacies' onto my list.
I wondered if Charles has established his school yet, were Scott and Jean his students? Is
Magneto made a public outing? No, not at all. If they did mutants would be the talk of the
town and Spider-man would have just been dismissed as a mutant. No, mutants were still
hidden in this world, they weren't even urban legends just yet.
"Mr. Parker," I heard the teacher call out my name.
I sighed and looked up at her, "yes?"
"Are you paying attention?"
"...Ah, yes?"
"Really? Then tell me who lead Hitler's science and development branch?"
I blinked, wait, wasn't that Hydra? "The Red Skull ma'am, he also renamed the branch into
Hydra."

"Very good Peter, but his name wasn't Red Skull, what was his real name?"
I blinked, "what do you mean his real name wasn't Red Skull?"
"What I mean is that it was just a moniker he went by, he does have a real name you know?"
"Yeah but that's the name he chose," I shrugged, "the name he chose wasn't the name his
parents gave him. They probably expected him to be a nice little boy and be an angle to
everyone he meets. But h wasn't, he was a jew hating nazi and because of that his actions
deserve to be called by the name his choice. His name is and will always be the Red Skull."
"That's a….very unique answer Mr. Parker," the teacher sighed, "fine, let's just move on."
I nodded as she went back to her lesson. I looked around and saw people staring at me from
the side. MJ gave me a smile, Harry and Flash looked bored and Liz was texting someone on
her phone.
My eyes then landed on the newest addition to our class, the beautiful and glamorous Felicia
Hardy, she was always aloof, never talked to anyone and the envy of all girls and desires of
all boys. She was the biggest loner in the school, before me of course, and right now she was
looking right at me.
I meet her gaze and didn't back done. We looked at me like I had just told her something
profoundly interesting, her emerald eyes didn't blink and I didn't either. Was this a contest or
something? Was she trying to gauge me? Did she know? No, no of course she didn't. And
even if she did I knew who she was as well, mutually assured destruction.
Finally she blinked and turned away. I did as well as we both turned to the board, I didn't
know what that was about, but I knew it wasn't over by a long shot.
At the end of the class I gathered my stuff and got ready to leave, but just then I heard Felicia
call out, "hey Muscles, wait up."
I blinked, was she calling me? No, that was stupid, I ignored it and walked out when
suddenly she grabbed my shoulder and turned me around. She hissed, "I told you to wait up."
I raised an eyebrow, "did you just call me Muscles?"
"Yeah, duh," she snorted.
"Are you serious?" I asked blinking, "because I don't know if you've heard, but I'm
apparently skinny as fuck. If you want muscles, Flash is your guy."
"Ha! Finally something we can both agree on Parker!" Flash called as he slipped between me
and Felicia grinning at her, "so, you want something babe?"
"Not from you meat head," Felicia snorted, "move, I was talking to Muscles over here"
"Wait, you're serious? Are you crazy? Parker's puny! He can't even lift a dumbbell!" Flash
laughed, and a few other kids watching this little confrontation did as well. I just rolled my

eyes, if only they knew.
"If you think that then you're blind," Felicia smiled sly as she walked past Flash and slipped
into my comfort zone. I blinked in confusion as she suddenly pressed her hand up against my
peck and pressed, "don't let the baggy clothes fool you, Muscles is packing something tight
under these."
She was stalking me like a prey, her eyes daring me to say something, I knew the rest of the
school still thought I was a wimpy kid, despite my personally shifting over the last month.
Guess she thought I wouldn't stand up for myself, she was wrong.
"You know Felicia if you're going to cup a feel you should at least buy me dinner first," I
smiled.
She raised her eyebrows in surprise before smirking, "well Muscles what would you like to
eat?"
"You?"
Felicia smirked, "going a little fast there Muscles."
"Says the woman rubbing her fingers round my nipples."
"Am I? Oops," she stepped back, "I do need to talk to you though. Have a moment?"
"Lunch?"
"Starving."
"Lead the way," I motioned following behind her. I looked at Flash's jaw hang out and closed
it. I smiled at hmi and followed Felicia to the lunch room.
"I don't like her," MJ narrowed her eyes as she saw Peter leave with that new girl.
"What a surprise," Liz said rolling her eyes, "I wonder why that is."
"It's not like that," MJ blushed and denied.
"Yeah, keep telling yourself that sweetie, maybe one day it'll be true," Liz turned to Flash,
"what exactly were you thinking?"
"Babe? Nothing, I was just being friendly to the new girl is all-"
"-Save it Flash," Liz growled, "if I find you ever flirting with that bitch we are done
understand?"
"But Liz-"
"-Understand?!"
Flash sighed, "yes."

"Come on, I want to see where they're going," MJ grabbed Liz's hand following them.
"Oh relax would you, Parker's finally getting some attention, let the geek enjoy it for a
while," Liz replied rolling her eyes only to have MJ completely ignore her.
Felicia and I sat down opposite each other in the middle of the lunch hall. I could feel the
people looking at us, usually I would sit in a corner to avoid detection, but Felecia had
chosen this table. Was she making a statement? Maybe, but why? And for what reason?
I took out my lunch and ate. Felicia raised an eyebrow at the PB&J sandwich, "is that
seriously all you brought to eat?"
I shrugged, "I eat more at work. A friend of mine and I end up eating out most of the time.
It's easier and since the office pays for it I don't have to worry about lunch per say."
"Hm," she hummed, "where do you work?"
"Someplace special," I smiled.
"You aren't going to tell me?"
"Are you going to tell me you're life story?"
Felicia smirked, "no, I guess not. So Muscles, tell me, why exactly do people avoid you?"
I snorted, "please don't call me that, it's really silly. If you're going to give me a nickname
make it cooler, like...Pete, or Petey. Muscles makes me sound so arrogant."
"Hmm, no, I don't think so, I like the name."
I rolled my eyes, "I had a feeling you were going to say that."
"Now, are you going to answer my question or keep deflecting?"
I shrugged, "nothing to tell really. They don't like me, I'm kind of antisocial, plus I'm pretty
smart so they tend to avoid me. A friend once told me it's because they are scared of me, but I
don't really think that's true."
"Maybe, maybe not," Felicia took out her own lunch, a box of chicken salad, "but you know
what I think?"
"That you should eat more than just a salad?"
"A girl has to keep her figure you know," she smiled.
"Something tells me you can do that even while eating burgers," I smiled back.
"Checking me out have you?"
"Just as much as you have been me," I reply back.

"You know I think I'm starting to understand why they were weary of you. You're very
perceptive, and also dangerous."
I blinked, "how so?"
"You said it yourself, I'm been observing you. You don't behave like a teenager, you're
ignored but you don't mind, in fact you like it sometimes. Kids don't' like being ostrichsized,
we hate it, but you, you're used to it. And you're also smart. Smart enough to be in college
right now, but for some reason you're here...hiding...a child genius would be put on a spot
light, but a teenager who smart and still in school? No, you're hiding something Muscles, I'm
going to find out what exactly that is."
I couldn't help the shock that came over me. I stared at this gorgeous girl before me and
realized she was probably the closest person to finding out my secret identity. I knew I should
be afraid, curious even, but I couldn't help myself, I was impressed.
"You know Felicia, I think I'm in love," I smiled.
"Sorry Muscles, you're not my type," she smiled back.
I shrugged, "I figured. So, why did you want to talk? Just to tell me you think I'm dangerous?
Or is it actually something important?"
Felicia sighed, "no, there is actually a reason. Mr. Goldberg," our physics teacher, "told me I
needed to improve my grades, I started pretty late so I need to catch up. He suggested I ask
you for help."
"Which is when you started to creep on me," I concluded.
"Yup," she nodded as she ate a piece of boiled chicken, "though I have to admit I was actually
not going to bother at all, I don't need to waste hours of my life listening to some know it all
lecture me. I'm already suffering in school for that."
"So you have judged me worthy, I'm honored," I chuckled.
"No, not really. I wasn't going to bother, until I heard what you said," I looked confused and
she explained, "in history, you talked about how the names you pick best represents the
people we really are. How the names we have are the hopes and burdens our parent has on us.
It really struck a chord with me, so I figured, why not? You sound interesting enough after
all."
I raised an eyebrow, I take back what I said, I don't think I'm in love, I know I'm in love.
Damn, if only she was actually interested in Peter Parker.
"So you want me to tutor you?"
"Pretty much, yeah."
"Hmm, well I don't really have much time," which was true, I had Colleen's classes, Baxter
building stuff and being Spider-Man to add into the mix. It would be difficult to include her

into that but…I'm curious. She's made me curious and I want to learn more about this silver
haired girl, "I can manage one hour after school. Sorry, but no more."
"Wow, so I'm only worth an hour of your time? You know half these boys would kill for a
chance to spend time with me everyday."
"Yeah, well they aren't me, and I do have a life of my own you know."
"Like what?"
"A job."
"Oh, right, the mysterious job," she said sarcastically.
I blinked, "you think I'm lying?"
"Yes."
"Why would I lie about having a job?"
"Because you don't want people to know how lonely you really are?"
"Didn't you just say I didn't mind being alone?"
"Also said you wanted to blend in, give people no reason to suspect you."
I laughed, "okay, you got me there Felecia. But I am serious, I only have an hour to spend,
sorry."
"It's fine, I don't think I can stand you for more than an hour away," she huffed munching on
her vegetables.
"Well and the truth comes out at last," I snorted, "by the way you look like a cow if you keep
munching on that leaf any longer."
She glared, if looks could kill I would be dead. She swallowed and sighed, "so Muscles, what
else are you busy with that you can't spare time for friends?"
"Well let's see, my job mostly," I shrugged, "it's in Manhattan so it takes a long time for me to
travel. I also go to…ah, well, self defense classes, so yeah, that."
"Self defense class," she raised an eyebrow, "who would be stupid enough to pick on little oh
you?"
"Flash," I shrugged.
"Oh, right," she looked over my shoulder, "you mean the big blonde guy who's filling in the
role of the average high school bully?"
I turned around and spotted Flash glaring me and MJ glaring at Felicia. The moment MJ
noticed I was looking at her she turned away, while Flash just growled.

I snorted, "yeah that's him."
"Hmm, looks like he has only two brain cells to spare."
"Maybe less," I shrugged.
"What type of martial arts are you learning?" she asked curiously.
"Kendo," I shrugged.
"You do know that's not actual self defense class right?" Felicia snorted, "it's just swinging a
sword."
"Hey it's a lot more complicated than that, believe me." Plus I seem to recall I kicked your ass
with it a couple of nights ago yeah?
"Okay, let's say you're in a fight and you don't have a sword. Wouldn't your skills be
useless?"
"No, not at all, kendo isn't just wielding a sword, there are also other aspects to it. Plus I've
just started learning hand to hand taijutsu so my classes aren't a complete waste of time," and
considering just who my teacher was I wouldn't dismiss her style so quickly.
The silver haired girl shrugged, "you're wish, don't come crying to me if some punk with a
knife shanks you."
"Hmm, don't see see that happening," I finished my sandwich, "tell me Felecia, what type of
martial arts to do you practise?"
She raised an eyebrow, "what makes you think I practice martial arts?"
"The fact that you sound like you know what you're talking about?" I raised an eyebrow.
She chuckled, "yeah, fine, no point denying it anyway. I practice judo and taekwondo," she
shrugged.
"Well you certainly have the legs for taekwondo," I shrugged.
"Perv."
"Stalker."
"Weirdo."
"Same thing," I chuckled. We talked some more, she basically questioned me on everything,
what I like, what I didn't, and I made sure to know just as much about her that she now knew
about me.
Lunch was over too quickly for my liking. We said our goodbyes and went to our separate
classes.

I was looking forward to the hour of tutoring I would spend with Felicia, I didn't bother
paying attention during last period history. That is until my Spider sense went off and I
ducked to the left to avoid a paper ball.
I turned around and saw MJ looking at me in surprise. But she quickly squashed her surprise
and began writing something down in her book before showing it to me.
'What's with you and Hardy?'
I rolled my eyes, I quickly wrote back a reply.
'She wanted me to tutor her in physics after school.'
MJ looked surprised.
'Can I join? I need help as well.'
'I'll talk to Felicia and tell you, she did ask first.'
'Okay.'
I was strange seeing MJ jealous, or at least I think it's jealousy I'm sensing, but I would be
lying if I didn't feel happy. After all this was the first time someone was feeling jealous
because of me, kind of a proud moment.
After class ended I meet up with Felicia outside the school where she took me to a coffee
shop a block away. She greeted the owner with a smile and made light conversation with him
before we sat down near the back away from everyone else.
"Been here often?" I asked her.
"Just once or twice," she shrugged, "mom knows the owner, kind of a family friend. I figured
we can get some studying done here."
"You do know the library is open till 5 right?"
"I told you Muscles, I don't' want to be in that place more than I need to. Now, do you want
something?"
I thanked her for the offer but declined. We got to work, I found out while Felicia was smart
in her own way, physics was not her friend. It took a long time for me to explain the basics to
her, but I think she understood it in the end.
I did find out something interesting though, when the barista lady came over with Felicia's
order, her eyes were glued to woman's rear. Was Felicia Hardy in this world gay? No, not the
way she was groping me earlier...hmmm, bi-sexual huh? She just gets hotter and hotter.
Soon the hour came to an end and I was actually ad to see her pack her things. As we left the
coffee shop I decided to ask her about MJ.

"I told a friend of my mine I was going to tutor me today and she asked if she could join. Do
you mind?"
"That depends, who is the friend?"
"Mary Jane."
"Ah, her, she likes you."
I shrugged, "maybe."
"You know?" Felicia looked surprised.
"Yup, what? Did you think you were the only observant person in the world?"
"No...so, what do you plan on doing?"
I shrugged, "I don't know. What makes you think I should do anything at all?"
"She likes you."
"And she hasn't told me or even asked me out. Before school started we were close, like
really close. But then she became popular and I was pushed away. She's okay though, can't
complain."
Felicia shrugged, "fine, you do whatever you want Muscles, I couldn't care less. But I need to
pass my physics paper, so if you start spending my tutoring time making out with the redhead
I swear I'll kick her ass."
I shrugged, "fine with me."
And with that we parted. I went to training with Colleen and then to the Baxter building for
an hour or so before swinging into night as Spider-Man. I arrived at home around 9 and
pretended to go to bed.
When I was sure May and Ben wouldn't try and disturb me I snuck out in costume and
continued my parole.
It was a long night filled with crime and terror. For now I was basically on damage control,
stopping crimes from happening, but I knew the root of the problem still existed and until I
could figure who I should hit next it would remain.
For the next week or so this was my schedule. I had school and then tutoring with Felicia and
MJ. The redhead didn't like the platinum blonde much, but she didn't make the tutoring
session any more difficult than it already was. In the end I actually managed to raise up the
grades of both girls.
My time with the FF was always interesting. Most of the time I assisted Reed or Sue in one
of their projects, I would give my advice or helped them out on their calculations. I was
basically a temp with the added bonus of pay and time to do my own thing.

My first invention was something I'm actually quite proud off to be honest. Ben Grimm was
actually the one who inspired me. He was trying to read the latest sports illustrated issue but
kept dropping the tiny magazine due to his huge hands. He even got so frustrated he tore it by
accident.
I honestly felt bad for the guy, there was so much about him that would make anyone feel
suicidal, but he kept on going and for that I'm proud to call him my friend. But maybe there
was something I could do to help.
So I got to work and invented the SA, or Scan and Adapt. It wasn't a groundbreaking feat of
science or anything like that. It was actually a very basic idea.
I made an elastic frame lined with intense image projectors that could serve to create a sheet
of light that could work like a screen. It was a sort of pseudo-hologram, able to exist only
within the frame itself, but it was exactly what I needed.
I then put two cameras on the back of the frame and worked on a very basic programing for
the system. And when it was done I presented it to Ben.
It was Thursday night and the FF had gathered around their dining table for dinner. You will
never believe what they were having. If you guessed pizza, you were right.
"We should really start cooking our own food," Sue said munching on a slice.
"Great idea sis, only one problem, none of us know how to cook," Johnny shrugged.
"Hmm, maybe we should hire a maid?" Reed suggested, "so we have enough funds for that
Sue?"
"No, we are barely making it as it is," Sue sighed, "if we don't' get a product we can market
we might need to slim things down."
"Are you planning on firing the kid?" Ben asked as he used a wrench to pick up a slice
before eating it.
"I hope not, but it just might come to that," Sue sighed.
"Where is Peter anyway?" Johnny asked, "I haven't seen him all day."
"He's working on a personal project," Reed explained, "he didn't tell me what though. I hope
he isn't doing something stupid in there."
"Hey guys! Glad you're all here!" I yelled out charging into the den with a grin on my face.
"Hey Peter, care for a slice?" Johnny asked.
"Pizza? Again? You guys should really hire a chief or something, eating this much carbs
might not be healthy," I warned, I loved pizza as much as the next guy, but there is something
called too much of a good thing.

"Agreed, anyway where were you? Reed told you us were working on something?" Sue
asked.
"Yeah I did!" I grinned as I held up a black frame the size of my palm, "ta-da!"
Johnny raised an eyebrow, "so ah, what does it do?"
"I'll show you," I quickly went to the living room and grabbed a TIMES magazine. I put the
magazine on the table and held up the frame, "I call this the Scan and Adapt," I stretched the
frame out to the three times it's size and placed it over the magazine and gave a command,
"scan."
The frame turned alive as a blue screen appeared in the frame. Slowly an image of TIME
magazine cover spread in the frame. I held the frame up and smiled, "ta-da!"
Reed raised an amused eyebrow, "and...the point is?"
I rolled my eyes, "the frame can expand to the size of a black board or shrink to the size of
my palm. It scans documents and stores it away in your phone or whatever memory space
you wish for. It can also quick scan, you just have to show a page for a fraction of a second
for the SA to store its image away, here see."
I had Sue hold the frame up as I flipped the pages in the magazine one by one. In a minute I
was done scanning the 100 or so pages in the magazine.
"Save scanned pages as TIMES issue October 2011," I spoke, a tick mark appeared on the
screen. The images all complied themselves into a digital magazine which appeared in my
library in the device.
"So...you basically created an advanced version of the Kindle?" Johnny asked unimpressed.
I grumbled, "no, I created a device that can compile and adapt books in seconds. And we can
also use it as a smart board. It's like comparing you to a birthday candle Johnny."
"Okay okay, no need to get so defensive," Johnny held up his hands in surrender.
"It also has another purpose," my voice turned soft as I handed the extra large SA to Ben,
"you don't have to worry about tearing any more book now Ben. It's very hard to break, and if
you do it's not a problem, you can just adapt all the stored data into a new one."
Their faces were ones of shock when they realized what I was implying.
"Y-you did this for me kid?" Ben asked.
I nodded, "yeah, figured you're like was hard enough as it is. I realized I could help make it
better. I know it's not much but-"
"-Oh shut it kid," Ben got down and wrapped my in a hug, careful not to break my bones,
"thanks kid. Really, I owe you."

"Peter, that's amazing," Reed said in awe, "we didn't even...I didn't even realize what Ben's
going through."
I shrugged, "you have your problems to worry about. You might not seem different like Ben
does, but you all have your issues too right?"
"Alright, when did the fifteen year old become the most mature person in the group?" Sue
asked with a chuckle.
"Maybe he always was," Reed got out of his chair and wrapped me up in a hug as well,
"you're a good kid Peter."
"Thanks Stretch," I smiled adapting Ben's nickname for the genius.
"You know this is really amazing," Ben said swiping the screen to turn the pages in the
digital magazine.
"We could probably patent it and sell the rights of production to Amazon or someone," Sue
speculated, "we would have some issues though, with the likelihood of piracy so high. Maybe
we should add a security system that prevents someone to exchange scanned data. It won't
stop it completely, but it should be enough to stop any large complaints."
"Think we can make some money out of this?" Johnny asked.
"Oh most definitely," Susan grinned, "congrats Peter, you just saved your job."
"Wait what?!" I cried out, "what do you mean?!"
"They were planning on firing you," Ben chuckled.
"Giant rock man says what now?!"
"We weren't planning on firing you, just thinking about it," Sue defended. My jaw was open
in shock, "relax, I said you just saved yourself didn't I?"
I sighed, that was a long day. Sue took the SA to a couple of patent lawyers and managed to
get the ball rolling on making some profit off of it. I was excited to finally have a patent to
my name and some cash for the co-owning rights. Looks like it was my lucky day.
Sunday came too soon for me. I woke up late, I had been out all night fighting crime after all.
I went down for breakfast and saw Ben sitting in front of the TV watching the NEWS. I was
about to ignore him and leave but then I saw it;
Stark Expo to be opened to public on Friday!
Today was the 30th of October, November would be starting soon and with it the events of
Iron Man 2. I knew what was going to happen. And I knew I had to take full advantage of it. I
had a plan for Justin Hammer, I need to make sure it happens.

Chapter End Notes

Okay, what did you think? This is just a filler chapter true, but I did properly introduce
Felicia, so enjoy.
Maxtori notes- I know this fic has lots of grammar and spelling errors but I'm no English
major so I did the best I could. Please feel free to tell me any errors you catch and I'll go
back and fix them. Hope you enjoyed this chapter!

Chapter 7: The Rhino
Monday was the 31st, also known as Halloween. But to me it was just a normal day. I walked
down for breakfast but was surprised to see Ben and May dressed up. May wore giant Minnie
Mouse ears Peter had bought for her on their day in Disney world and Ben had a fake giant
beard and a fake set of glasses with a giant nose on.
I blinked looking at them, "so...I'm guessing we're in the holiday spirit?"
"Peter? Why haven't you dressed up?!" May smiled, "it's Halloween young man!"
"Aunt May aren't I getting a little old for dressing up?" I asked as I sat down for breakfast.
"One is never too young to act their age my son," Ben said in a mystical voice.
I raised an eyebrow, "Gandalf?"
"No, just a smart ass," Ben grinned.
"But seriously Peter you loved dressing up for Halloween!" May exclaimed.
I nodded, "yeah, but...I mean...I don't even have a costume."
"Like that has ever stopped you from dressing up," Ben laughed, "I'm sure you can throw
something together Peter, just use your imagination."
I shrugged, sure, I could do that….or….
I walked into school and head turned. I walked with a swagger in my step grinning under my
mask as I saw people gasping in surprise. I wore a costume alright, my costume.
"Spider-man?!" Flash, dressed up in his own homemade Spiderman costume, gasped as I
walked past him.
"Not quite," I chuckled as I pulled the mask off realing my smiling face to a very
disappointed Flash, "like it? I made it myself."
"You don't deserve to wear that costume," Flash growled.
"Like I care what you think," I rolled my eyes walking past him.
"Spider-man is a hero Parker! He's brave and amazing, something you aren't and never will
be!"
I raised an eyebrow, "damn Flash, since when did you start liking Spider-man?"
"Since ever," he growled as slowly people started to surround us, "he saved a friend of mine
from getting mugged. There was a gang in my neighborhood that hurt people, he stopped

them. He's a freaking hero Parker, you aren't."
I raised an eyebrow, Flash lived in the bad part of town? I never would have guessed. I
shrugged, "you know Flash, for someone who admires a hero who doesn't like bullying, you
sure do a great job in being one. Tell me, do you think Spider-man would like to have
someone like you be his buddy?"
Flash paused as he started blush, "s-shut up Parker! You don't know shit!"
"Maybe, but atleast I'm honest with myself," I walked away leaving an embarrassed Flash
behind.
School today was a little more interesting seeing people dressed up. I passed by a chemistry
teacher dressed up as a water molecule, it was funny and creative. There was a guy who
dressed up as a banana and another guy who dressed up as a monkey. They took one look at
each other and smiled before the monkey started to chase the banana through school.
First period was history, one I shared with everyone else. I walked in and saw Liz was
dressed as an angel with a little pair of wings and a fake halo on her head. MJ seemed to have
planned out her costume with Liz as she wore a devil costume with a fake tail and red horns
while Harry was dressed as a 80's bike gang member.
They all noticed me and blinked.
Harry looked me over, "woah, that's one cool costume, who is it?"
"Parker," Flash growled from the side. Guess he was still pissed at me calling him out.
I took off my mask and wave, "hey everyone. Nice costume Liz, I see it's opposite day as
well."
"Shut it wimp," Liz shot back.
"You look good Peter," MJ spoke softly, blushing, why is she blushing? Oh well.
"Thanks MJ, you're one hot devil," I winked as I sat down in my seat. MJ blush was so red it
matched her hair, but she quickly squashed it down, listening to her friend's bitch about me.
Felicia soon entered the room, took one look at me and stopped in her tracks. She blinked
once, twice and then walked in sitting down next to me.
"No costume?" I asked.
"I'm too old to place dress up and pretend to be someone else," she replied back.
"I didn't expect the girl who went on and on about choosing to be a different person in life
complain about wearing a costume."
She smirked, "Muscles, Felicia Hardy is my costume," she looked me over, "nice one. Did
you make it yourself?"

"Yup. Like it? I tried to match the original as best I could."
"And you couldn't do anyone else but Spider-man?"
"Why don't like him?"
"He has… a special space in my heart," Felicia shrugged.
"You really should have dressed up Felicia," Harry said from behind, "you know, you would
be perfect as the Black Cat!"
That grabbed both our attention. Felicia looked surprised, so I asked for her, "Black Cat?
Who's that?"
"She's like this big time thief man!" Harry explained, "she like steals from the rich and stuff!"
"Yeah, and she like wears this sexy little outfit showing off her goods so that the people
chasing her get's distracted!" Flash said with a pervy grin that Liz noticed and smacked him
up the head for it.
"Yeah, and what's more she like had silver hair! You would be perfect for it Felicia!" Harry
grinned at her.
"Sound's stupid," Felicia grumbled putting an end to the conversation. She then looked me
over once more, "why don't you take off your jacket? It's warm enough right?"
I blinked, she was right, I was starting to feel a little warm, the school did have internal
heating after all. I shrugged as I unzipped my jacket and pulled it off folding it over my arm
rest.
Slowly, silence. I blinked looking around and realised everyone had stopped chatting and was
now looking at me. I blinked and looked down, was there something on my shirt?
"That's why I call you Muscles," Felicia spoke out loud gaining everyone's attention. I looked
at her, she was smirking as she stripped me with her eyes. Yup, she's definitely not gay.
I blinked, oh shit. I was wearing a muscle shirt underneath the jacket, like I usually do. So
right now my spider powers enhanced body is being displayed to everyone in the class. My
muscles had grown a little in size, but they were shredded and tight from constant use while
I'm out fighting.
"You really shouldn't wear bulky clothes Muscles," Felicia said, her perverse smile still there,
"it's a crime against humanity to keep that body hidden."
"Damn, I'll say," Zack, the few gay guys in school, whistled.
I blushed, I couldn't help but feel embarrassed. I glared at Felicia but the girl just laughed it
off. She didn't even look sorry, bitch.

For the rest of the day I was constantly stared at by people. Mostly girls, though a few guys
did look as well. I noticed MJ didn't really seem phased by this, she did after all see my
topless before, but Liz looked like I had just broken her world.
Needless to say I couldn't wait for class to be over that day.
Felicia, MJ and I went into our regular coffee shop for out after school studies. We sat down
and began to work, I was once again wearing my jacket and Felicia sighed heavily until I
asked her what the matter was.
"Well, it's just so sad. My only piece of eye candy is gone," Felicia sighed, "that jacket
deserves to be burnt."
I growled, "I hate you."
"No you don't."
"She's right though Peter, you really should wear less bulky clothes," MJ shrugged, "you have
a great body, you should show it off."
"Hm, Red's right. Although I am curious, why weren't you shocked when the frog turned into
a handsome price?"
MJ stammered, "n-no reason."
I chuckled, "that's because she already got a free show before."
"Hey! That was over a month ago!" MJ protested.
"Oh? Does that mean you want to take another peep Peepers?" I asked laughing hard.
Instead of looking embarrassed MJ gave a very saucy smile, "I wouldn't say no to that Tiger."
"Tiger?" Felicia whistled, "nice nick name, you know what, I like that, Tiger" she purred the
'R' seductively.
I raised an eyebrow, "you want a peek too?"
She shrugged, "I wouldn't mind."
"Well I'm not that kind of man young ladies," I huffed, "if you want some of this you best
wine and dine me or no deal!"
"So all I need to do to make you put out is to take you out for dinner?" Felicia raised an
eyebrow.
"Ah….I plead the fifth?"
MJ smirked, "alright, you're on."
I blinked, "say what now?"

"A date, let's go on a date, right now," she closed her books and packed them, "I'm not in the
mood to study. So, what do you say? Lunch and then a movie?"
I didn't even have time to respond when Felicia spoke up, "so what, you're just going to leave
me behind and go off on your own?"
"Do you plan on coming with?" MJ asked.
"You know what, yeah, I'm coming with you," Felicia smiled, "you're not getting rid of me
that easily."
"I-I," I gaped like a fish, "do I get a say in this?!"
"No," Felicia smirked, "now pack up Tiger. I'm hungry for some Italian."
"Oh I know a place down the road, best pasta I have ever had," MJ said as she grabbed my
bag and Felicia dragged me outside the coffee shop.
"Hm, sounds good, lead the way."
I blinked as I was dragged along. I'm either the luckiest guy in the world or the unluckiest.
We walked to the restaurant and got a table for three by the street window. I blinked looking
at the menu, it wasn't expensive, but it would end up putting a dent in my wallet. I hadn't
gotten my first month's salary from the FF yet, so I had to keep everything limited, but I
suppose a date with two beautiful women counted as a reasonable expense.
We quickly placed our orders, I sighed as I leaned back on my chair, "so, why did you want
to go out for lunch?"
"I just felt like it," MJ shrugged, "besides, you said you wouldn't give me a look unless I took
you out on a date, so here we are."
"You know you act differently when you're not with your entourage Red," Felicia
commented.
MJ shrugged, "what do you mean?"
"You're not a stuck up bitch."
"W-well, I suppose," MJ didn't really know what to say.
"She's actually always like this," I told the platinum blonde, "it's only with those idiots does
she act different."
"Peter that's rude," MJ huffed.
"What? They are idiots," I shrugged, "Liz is a drama queen, Flash is a hypocrite and
Harry...well, you already know how he reacts when people don't do what he asks."

MJ sighed sadly, "yeah, you're right about Harry, but Liz and Flash are better than they seem
Peter, trust me."
I shrugged, "we'll see."
"My my, all this teenage drama, I'm so happy I get to be a part of this," Felicia said rolling
her eyes.
"Why don't you tell us a little bit about yourself Felicia?" I asked, "I mean, I don't actually
know anything about you."
She raised a single eyebrow, "like what?"
"Do you like milk chocolate or dark chocolate?"
"Milk."
"Pepsi or Coke?"
"Coke."
"Scooby or Shaggy?"
"...who?"
"You know? From Scooby-doo? The kids show?"
"Oh, sorry no, I don't do kids shows."
"So what did you do when you were a kid?" MJ asked.
"Stuff."
"Like?" the red head seemed curious.
"Well...gymnastics for one."
"You're a gymnast?" MJ asked surprised.
"She does have the legs for it," I snorted. MJ glared at me while Felicia just smiled.
"Why Tiger, I never knew you were so bold," Felicia smirked, "didn't I tell you to stop
perving on me?"
"I will when you stop stripping me with your eyes," I shrugged.
"You both are incorrigible," MJ sighed.
"Oh, is the little red head feeling left out?" Felicia chuckled, "don't worry, I'm sure we'll have
more than enough time for you later."

"I hate you," MJ growled.
"No you don't," Felicia sang like a melody as she quietly checked out MJ's ass. MJ didn't
notice it, but I did, Felicia definitely liked girls.
The date was weirdest one I have ever been on and the first one Peter Parker has ever been
on. Well I suppose it wasn't really a date, more like an excuse to hang out. Felicia kept
teasing MJ and I while we did our best to get her back, unfortunately the cat was too quick to
catch off gaurd.
We finished lunch, I payed for half the meal while Felicia and MJ covered the rest. We then
decided to go watch a movie, but one look at my watch and I realised I was late.
"Have somewhere you have to be Tiger?" Felicia asked as we walked down the road.
"Yeah, my self defense class is going to start soon," I replied with a shrug.
"You're taking self defense classes?" MJ asked in surprise.
"Yup," I nodded.
"Well well well, looks like the best friend next door doesn't know everything after all,"
Felicia smirked as MJ blushed.
"S-sorry," MJ apologized.
"Don't be, you were busy, I understand, it's fine," I shrugged.
MJ looked released but Felicia just chuckled, "oh no, 'it's fine', you're really in trouble now."
"What do you mean?" MJ asked.
"When a guy says it's fine or don't worry about it, it actually means he's going to fucking lose
his patients and wants you to shut up or get lost. It's basically their version of...well I suppose
women says 'it's fine' as well with the same meaning behind it."
I blinked, "huh, I never thought of it that way."
"Wait it's true?!" MJ shirked, "so all those times you said 'it's fine' or 'don't worry about it',
you were actually pissed?!"
"Well...not all the time," I shrugged, "sometimes I really just didn't care."
"Oh my God," MJ bleached, "I've been a horrible friend."
"Hey don't worry about it, it's fine-I mean...you can always do better later," I shrugged.
"You mean that?"
"I don't see why not," I shrugged, "anyway Felicia, tell me, why exactly are you so
determined to make-"

A police siren cut me off. I turned as saw a large 16 wheeler truck off in the distance take a
turn into the 278 Highway with four police cruisers going after it in full speed. I felt
something off, it was like there was going to be dangerous...I needed to help.
I turned to the two beautiful girls I was with and sighed. I understand why Peter sometimes
wished he could stop being a fucking hero all the time.
"Sorry ladies, but I need to cut this date short," I said, "I really do need to go to my classes,
I'll see you both tomorrow?"
"Wait, you're seriously just going to leave?" Felicia asked surprised.
"Yeah, my sensei is kind of a hard ass when it comes to discipline, don't want to piss her off,"
I lied.
"Well, okay I suppose," MJ didn't really feel like objecting.
"You do realise you're standing up two beautiful women right?" Felicia raised an eyebrow.
"Yeah, and trust me, I feel horrible," I sighed walking away, "I'll make it up to you both, I
promise!"
"Bite me Parker!"
"Sure! Anything you want!" I smiled back before running off. I ran a block away, after
making sure they weren't in sight I ran into an alley way and took out my mask. One great
thing about Halloween? I was already in costume.
I put on my mask and web shooters, sticking my school backpack onto the wall with
webbing. I jumped up and landed on the side of the building, crawling to the top. I jumped
off the side and swung away towards the highway.
I quickly spotted the truck on the highway, it was going towards a tunnel. I swung towards
the other side and waited for it to arrive. The moment it did I jumped on and clung to the
sides with vigor, holding on for dear life as the truck's horn deafened my hearing.
'What is in this thing?!' I asked myself as I crawled slowly to the side, doing my best to not
slip off. I could hear the police sirens in the back, and suddenly there was a loud horn, I
snapped my head forward and saw the truck ram into a car throwing off to the side.
My eyes widened in horror, the man in the car was definitely dead, I swear I saw blood. I
need to stop this guy, now!
I crawled to the driver's seat and looked inside seeing the driver holding his side as it bleed
out into his hands.
I knocked on the door, the man turned and a threw a punch, shattering the glass and clocking
him cross the jaw.

His hands feel of the wheel and I grabbed it, holding it steady with one hand as I pushed the
driver off the seat with my other. I crawled in through the broken window and put my foot on
the brake, slowly bringing the truck to a halt on the middle of the Highway.
I put the handbrake, took out the keys and snapped them in half to make sure they could
never be used again. I turned to the unconscious driver and sighed, throwing him over my
shoulder I jumped out of the trunk and walked out.
The police cars were stopped behind the car, the officers spotted me and quickly drew their
weapons, "stop! Don't move or we will shoot!"
"Relax, I'm one of the good guys," I called out, "this guy's the driver, he's bleeding, will
probably need medical attention and fast."
The officers blinked in surprise as they noticed the man I was carrying. A man with blonde
hair and a greying jacket stepped forward, "everyone lower your guns, there's no reason to
get an itchy trigger finger."
The policemen looked conflicted but slowly did so. I sighed, "thanks. I'm assuming you're in
charge?"
The blonde man nodded, "yes, I'm captain Stacy and you're Spider-man yes?"
I paused, Stacy? As in Gwen Stacy's dad? Honestly I'm no longer surprised. But if he's here
then where is...later, I'll deal with that later.
"Spider-man?" Stacy asked once more, raising an eyebrow at my silence.
"R-right, sorry, you remind me of someone I used to know," I told him, "this guy need help,
fast."
"The ambulance will take too long, Rogers, St. Matthews is right around the corner, drop him
off and get back her," Stacy ordered one of his men.
I gave the injured driver to an officer who struggled to lift the large man's weight, but
eventually managed to put him in the back of his cruiser before speeding off.
"What happened here?" I asked turning to the captain, "where did they steal this thing?"
"I don't have to tell you that," Stacy shot back, "I appreciate what you're trying to do kid, but
this is police business, you have no place in it."
"Right…." I blinked, I looked at them, they didn't look happy. I sighed, "fine, if you ever
need me, shine a Spider in the sky or something."
I moved to leave when suddenly the truck started to shake. I stopped and every cop there
drew their weapon. The truck's trailer began to shake from side to side and suddenly;
DUN!

I saw a giant hole imprinted onto the trailer's door from the inside.
DUN!
I gasped, something was coming, and fast. I spun my webs, creating several concrete hard
lines from the light posts on either sides of of the highway. I really hoped that can be use
some time.
"Everybody get down!" I yelled as suddenly;
DUN!
The doors were thrown off their hinges and flew over our head. My eyes widened in horror as
a giant walking tank jumped down from the trailer, cracking the road. It was huge and grey,
layered with tank armour, twin machine guns attached to it's side, a missile launcher on it's
back and a horn the size of a man on it's semi-humanoid body.
I realised who this was, 'The Rhino,' one of Peter's most popular foes. It looked the version
seen in Amazing Spider-man and on it' side I saw 'HammerTech' spray painted in bold white
letters.
"Fuck me," I gasped seeing the size of it.
I heard it's mechanics whir into life as it turned towards me. The cockpit of the machine
opened up revealing a butch looking man with a flat face, grinning like a madman. "I am the
Rhino! Don't get in my way!"
He got on all fours, the machine calibrating itself. He then kicked off, charging forward. I
saw Stacy freeze in shock as Rhino charged right at him.
"Look out!" I yelled webbing Stacy and pulling him out of the way just in time as the Rhino
tore through the police cruisers. I turned to Stacy, on his back, "are you okay?"
"Y-yes, thank you," he muttered.
"No problem," I looked around, no one else seemed injured. I saw the Rhino jump lanes,
landing on the other side of the highway with a crash so loud I was afraid the highway was
going to break down. It looks like he was trying to escape, damn him.
I ran forward and jumped up onto a lamp post, I threw two web line and snagged them
around the Rhino's torso, suddenly I went flying forward as the Rhino jumped off the
highway and into the streets below.
'I need to stop him!' I pulled myself forward on the web line as he charged into the busy
traffic filled street. People yelled in fear as they jumped out of their cars and ran as the Rhino
tossed them aside with his horn.
"Hey grey boy!" I yelled, but he didn't respond, couldn't he hear me? I landed on his back and
crawled towards the cockpit knocking on the glass, "hello? Anyone there?"

"Get off!" Rhino roared.
"Sorry, can't do that," I covered the glass with webbing in hopes of blinding him.
"Foolish boy, I can still see!" He laughed, shaking his head, luckily I held on tight.
'He must have cameras,' I realised, looking around for a camera and spotted three. One below
the horn and two on his shoulders'. I quickly fried off three globs of webbing and covered
them up.
"What did you do?!" Rhio roared
"Just a little something I whipped up," I adjusted my webbing to its hardest setting and
crawled to it's under belly, launching them at his legs, pinning the armour to the road. It tried
to move, but the surprising resistance and the forward movement caused him to trip and fall
down.
I jumped away, quickly covering his arms and wrists with webbing and just to be safe I also
covered his gun nozzle and missiles as well. Time to finish this. I grabbed a sewer lid with
my webbing and pulled it forward. I held it over my head and brought it down hard like a
guillotine over the glass.
"Stop it!" he roared, "you're destroying everything!"
"Not everything, just the suit," I growled as I brought it down again and again. The sewer lid
was slowly bent inwards, but I could see cracks growing on the glass, it was tough, but soon
it shattered.
"AH!" the man cried out, I think he got some glass in his eyes. I reached in and felt for a
manual override, for a system like this there would have to be one in case the pilot got stuck
inside. Finding a lever I pulled it on the back of the armour hissed opening up to reveal the
leather coat wearing criminal inside.
I grabbed him and pulled him out. I was right, the shattered glass had cut his cheek. I looked
him over and growled, "who the hell payed you?"
"I-I don't know what you mean!"
"You're not smart enough to steal tech like this, let alone use it. Who. Payed. YOU?!"
"I-I don't know! I swear!" the man cried out.
"You see this?" I pointed at the sewer cover now bent in half and the shattered Rhino armour,
"that glass is supposed to handle a missile fire. I broke it and a bent sewer cower in half while
doing so. What do you think I can do to you if I tried?"
"I don't know! Please don't hurt me! I didn't' do anything!"
"You didn't do anything?!" I roared turning him around, "look at what you did! Look at the
people you hurt!"

A block of the city roads were destroyed. Car flipped over, people hurt, I wanted to help, but
this man came first.
"I-I'm sorry! I didn't mean-"
"I'm giving you one chance, tell me everything, or I will make sure that every person here
who you hurt will get a pound of your flesh to hang on their wall. And if I run out I'll use
your bones."
"H-his name was Gentle, that's all I know! He told me his client wanted to hire me and my
guys to steal a few things! He gave me everything! Cash, the truck, everything! He's the guy
you want!"
I narrowed my eyes, "who hired him?"
"He didn't say! He just told me the guy was powerful and smart! He got us things we have
never even seen before! Tech so advanced it was like we were dealing with alien shit!"
I narrowed my eyes, "where is it now?"
"In out hideout! I swear that's all I know! Please don't hurt me!"
I growled, "give me a location," he blabbered it out. I grabbed him by the collar and threw
him into the air. I waited until the last moment to catch him with my webbing and strick him
up like a fly caught in a spider's web.
I quickly got of the Rhino armour and ran to the injured people.
"It hurts!" a man pinned under a car cried out as people tried to lift it off him.
"Here let me," I walked up to them and grabbed the car and lifted with my legs, "pull him
out! Quick!"
"Grab him!" Someone said as the people pulled the pinned man out.
I dropped the car with a huff, the man said his thanks, but I didn't respond, already on my
way to another crisis.
A car had been flipped over and set on fire. It looked like it was about to explode and people
couldn't get near it to save the unconscious people trapped inside. I quickly threw my webs
onto the flame suffocating it. I then grabbed the car doors and ripped it off it's hinges,
grabbing the mother and son and pulling them to safety.
It was longer to clean up the mess Rhino made than to actually stop him. It was so much
easier to break than fix, people were hurt, the fight lasted for only a minute or so but so many
people were hurt.
I did what I could, used my webbing to stop people from bleeding out, swung the really hurt
ones to the nearest hospital, so on and so forth.

I noticed several Ambulances had arrived, but I didn't' stop. There were still people to save. It
took nearly an hour for everything to be handles properly. I helped where I could and soon I
realised people were staring at me. They were snapping pictures, whispering. I even saw a
few news stations pointing their cameras at me.
"Spidey! Can we have a word?!" a news reporter asked.
"Sorry, no time," I told her, swinging away quickly. I quickly grabbed my school bag and
swung my way towards Manhattan, their hideout was there. I found it quickly, found it
hidden away in one corner, but it was easy to spot if you knew what to look for.
I snuck in through the window and crawled in. It looked like a gang of raccoons lived here,
covered with trash and pornos. I moved past all that though and looked inside, finding a room
that was cleaner than the rest.
It had a board with details of the heist put up. The truck to be used, what was to be stolen, the
time and location of when to best make the heist. Everything. Sadly though didn't tell me why
they suit was being stolen or for who.
I took out a mini SA out of my pocket and enlarged it to scan the entire board in one go.
Never know when these things might be useful. I then looked around and found a table filled
with the most advanced weaponry I have ever seen.
Night vision goggles, stun guns and sub-machine guns. Magnetic shoes, laser cutters, there
was even a decoder box, something used to open high end safes. I figured the thieves had
moe tools on hand and these were just the ones they didn't use.
I grabbed the night vision goggles and the decoder box, I can use the former when I'm going
out in the dark and the latter could provide me with a clue.
Sneaking out the way I came in I swung towards the Baxter building and quickly went into
my lab. I put the goggles aside and began to experiment on the decoder box, trying to figure
out it's programing and what made it tick.
Just then Reed walked up in, he was surprised I was in costume but didn't comment on it. He
looked at my table and blinked, "is that a decoder?"
I whistled, "you figured that out with one look?"
"Yes, what are you doing with it?" Reed asked.
"Did you see the NEWS?"
"You mean you taking on that armoured thief? Yes, I saw it. Sue was worried sick to be
honest, Johnny however didn't seem to care, said you knew what you were doing. It looks
impressive, I would love to get a good look at that thing. It's hydraulics are amazing, to allow
something that heavy to jump so high? They're probably suing some sort of superposition
liquid to…." I stared at him blankly, he blushed and rubbed his neck, "sorry for nerding out
there."

"Relax, I'm a nerd too in case you didn't notice," I smiled back, "but yeah, the operator told
me he was hired by someone. I found his hide out and took this," I tapped the decoder,
"apparently his employer gave it to them to use. I'm trying to see if I can find a clue about it's
production, something like this, bound to be expensive and noticeable."
Reed hummed as he looked it over. I had taken it apart, he quickly put it back together and
connected it to my desktop computer. He quickly accessed the root system and sorted out
through tens of gigabytes, finally arriving at the factory production details.
We skimmed through the basic details when Reed spotted it, "there," he pointed on the screen
stopping the flow of data.
My eyes went wide, "holy shit." Staring at m in green letters were words I hoped I wouldn't
see.
Oscorp Industries
"Fucking hell," I hissed, "not him."
"Oscorp huh, I didn't peg Norman Osborn for corporate espionage," Reed humned.
"What do you mean?"
"That suit they stole? It was Hammer's response to Stark's Ironman suit. Needless to say it
wasn't anything great, but nobody knew that. Now since it's been exposed and stopped by
some kid that shoots webs, the value for it to be a weapon of war just went down the drains.
Hammer's stock is falling as we speak. If Osborn did do this then...well, I suppose it's
because he wanted to shame Hammer."
I blinked, "that makes sense, but without proof I can't do anything," I hummed, "but why?
What does he gain? Are Oscorp and Hammer Industries completing over some kind of
military contract?"
"I don't know," Reed shrugged, "if they are they it's not public knowledge. But ever since
Tony Stark became Iron Man there has been a race in arms, people want the suit, heck the
congressional meeting in Washington scheduled for a few days from now addresses directly
that. Companies want the latest toys and if they think someone is going to get it first you can
be sure as hell they'll do anything to stop them."
I groaned, it made sense. Only question is, if Hammer was making the Rhino armour, what
was Oscorp making? Flashes of a green suit and a glider flashed in my head, I really, really
hope this doesn't mean Norman's going to go green any time soon.
I worked in the lab a little while longer before going home for the night. The next day at
school Spider-man was once again the talk of the school.
I sat down in my history class and noticed a few kids looking over Flash's shoulder at a video
showing me fighting the Rhino. Flash cheered as I broke the cockpit open pulling the man
out.

"That's how it's done! You see that! That's a hero right there! He took him out in under a
minute!" Flash cheered.
"Yeah, he's pretty cool," Harry admitted with a grin.
"He like broke into that guy's cage and threw him out! Did you see the way he like pinned
that thing to the ground?!" Flash sound ecstatic, I smiled, nice to know I have such a loyal
fan. I took my seat and Flash quickly spotted me.
"Hey Parker! You see this? This is what a real hero looks like!" Flash called out.
I rolled my eyes, "yeah Flash, I know."
"Do you think he can take on Iron Man?" Harry asked, "he probably could right?"
"I don't think so," Kong shrugged.
"Are you stupid! Of course he can!" Flash yelled out, "he's the coolest guy ever!"
"No, he can't, he won't a second against Stark," Felicia spoke out, I looked at her and gave
her a smile, one she returned with a grin.
"You're crazy Felicia, of course he can!" Flash yelled out, "Iron Man's cool and all, but take
that off and what is he?"
"Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist," I spoke the iconic Avenger line without
thinking. It just felt so natural.
"Shut up Parker," Flash growled, "he's a goddamn hero. Look at this! Tell me this doesn't
make him a hero!" Flash shoved the video into my face, "he took that guy down in seconds!"
I shrugged, "impressive, but that doesn't make him a hero Flash."
"What?!"
"Peter you literally dressed up like him yesterday," Harry looked confused, "and now you're
saying he isn't a hero?"
"I never said he wasn't a hero, I just said stopping that thing doesn't make him one," I grabbed
the phone and played the video past me fighting Rhino, to when I began helping the injured
people, "he fought that thing for what? A minute? That's great and all, but look at this, really
look."
The class watched the video of me helping people out, lighting the car and then moving on to
pull people out of a burning car.
"You see this? He did this for over an hour. He saved so many lives. This is why he's a hero,
not the bing flashy stunts, any glory loving idiot can do that. But this? This is Spider-man and
this is why he's a hero."

I tossed flash his phone and turned away. The others quickly went back into their own corners
while Flash just stared at his phone in deep thought.
"That's pretty mature of you Tiger," Felicia purred.
I rolled my eyes, "I think I prefer Muscles."
"No, Tiger is a much better nickname. I really need to thank Red for it," she turned around to
spot MJ gossiping with Liz, "when she stops acting like we don't exist."
I shrugged, "visa vi, that is life. Sorry about yesterday, I didn't mean to cut our date short."
"It wasn't really a date, you do know that right?" Felicia smile.
"Maybe one day it can be a real one then," I smiled as we got settled for class.
The week was a slow one, I mostly spent my time dealing with homework and bad guys on
the street. A couple of times I help swing injured people to the hospital if the ambulance
couldn't get there on time. I took extra care with people like that, often times not even
swinging on my webs.
And on Friday I sat down with Ben and May and watched the Stark Expo Live. The camera
faced the stage and I saw the roof open up and Tony land in the center in full gear. He smiled,
gave his speech, made his jokes.
And just like that, Iron Man 2 had begun.
Hey guys, I need ideas for story points, I have around 20 chapters planned out in
advanced, ending near the Avengers story, but after that I'm drawing up a blank, so
please suggest some ideas.

Chapter 8: Making it Big Time
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Monaco happened on Sunday. I saw Whiplash take on Tony and get knocked out. And I
heard about the killer birthday party he threw for himself, even though it wasn't actually his
birthday. He acted like a man who had a few days to live, since he didn't know otherwise.
On Monday my homeroom told us the entire class would be going to the Stark expo on
Friday for a field trip. Everyone was happy, me? I knew I was fucked.
That entire school week I was a wreck. I spent most of my time in the Baxter building
creating weapons I could use to subdue the drone army that I knew was going to be
unleashed upon the people.
I created a EMP gun so powerful it could fire their systems, a new batch of concrete webbing
twice as strong as my last batch and just in case I also had Johnny on Speed dial. He didn't
know why, but promised to come if I really needed him.
On Friday I came to school wearing my black muscle shirt and tights under my normal high
school attire. I had my Spider-man jacket and web shooters inside a hidden compartment in
my bag, just in case.
Class went by as usual, and after school ended we all gathered into a school bus with Mr.
Dunkan, our English teacher, to set off for the expo.
I sat next to Felicia, she looked at me and huffed, "nervous?"
"Yes," I didn't bother denying it, she was much to observant for that.
"Why?"
"Because It's a Stark expo. Have you seen what's happened to him lately? The guys out of
hand. I wouldn't be surprised if by the end of the day the suits of armor became sentient and
started attacking everyone."
"Damn Parker that's dark," Flash laughed, "and you said you weren't funny. There's no way
that can happen!"
I rolled my eyes, "better safe than sorry Flash." I felt my back pack, the weapons I made were
there. Sue was really concerned I was using Baxter time to make weapons, but after
explained to her what I was afraid off she was more understanding, though a little concerned
about my paranoia.
We reached the expo and got off. We got a guide to take up through the expo, each room at a
time. And then we got to the main attraction. An exclusive press release by Hammer Tech in
the Stark Expo main auditorium.

We were seated near the back with the VIP's taking up the front few rows. I could almost feel
the trap being laid out. I can imagine the drones coming out of the stage and killing so many
people. I needed to do something.
I got up from my seat and tried to sneak away.
"Yo Parker! Where do you think you're going?" Flash asked drawing everyone's attention to
me.
"Bathroom," I replied.
"What? Hell no man, sit down!"
"Do you want me to pee myself Flash?" I asked not bothering about the embarrassing notions
the line carried.
"I-ah," Flash stammered.
"Peter I really must insist you sit down, this is a very exclusive event I don't think they'll even
allow you to leave," the teacher told me as slowly I was forced to sit down.
"You aren't' actually going to piss yourself are you?" Felecia asked.
"No," I grumbled.
MJ sat down besides me, "hey, are you okay? You really don't sound too good."
"I'm fine, just nerves I guess," I shrugged.
"Alright...if you're sure."
Soon the event began with Justice Hammer taking center stage. He gave a long winded
speech about how his dick was bigger than Tony's or something like that. And then, he
introduced them, the Hammer Drones.
Army, Navy, Airforce and Marines, each unit had eight drones. And then he brought out the
War Machine unit. Everyone cheered at the patriotic activities, everyone, except me.
And then suddenly, Iron man came flying in and people lost their shit. They cheered for him,
Tony was whispering something to Rhodes and suddenly all hell broke lose.
Tony took to the skies and the air force drones along with the War Machine unit followed
him. The glass ceiling shattered raining glass on everyone.
"Get down!" I yelled as I grabbed Felecia and MJ and pushed them down, covering them
with my back. The glass rained down hard, I could hear people yelling pain. Luckily for me,
my bag took the sharp edges into it's stuffing.
I got up and saw the rest of the drones slowly make their way down the platform and into the
crowd. They didn't seem to be focused on killing people, that was good. But in their fight

with Tony people are bound to get hurt.
I looked around, "is everyone alright?!"
"I-I think so," Harry whispered.
"Mr. Dunkan is hurt!" someone cried out.
I cursed, out teacher had gotten a shard of glass stuck into his back, he was on the ground
withering in pain. Liz was by his side holding him, tears running down her face.
"What happened?" MJ was horrified.
"He tried to shield me!" Liz was crying, "he saved me!"
They looked scared, horrified even. But now wasn't the time for this, I knew that. I turned to
Flash, "Flash, carry him."
"What?" he asked shocked.
"We need to get out of here, the drones are coming right at us!" I pointed to the marching
army of drones. People were already running away screaming, "carry him on your back,
now!"
"But I-"
"-Flash! Please!" Liz begged.
"Of course!" he nodded as we carefully put him on Flash's back. I looked around, Tony was
flying through the air, the drones following him.
"We need to hide, anywhere but outside, the drones are after Iron man, not us," I told them,
"we move out and run away from the expo, got it?!"
"Yeah," Harry agreed. As one we all took off, rushing out into the open air.
I grabbed my phone and speed dials Johnny. In two rings he picked up, "hello, what's up?"
"I need you, now!"
"Dude, I appreciate that, but I'm not-"
"-Not the time Johnny! People are dying out here! I need you to flame up and get down to the
Stark expo now! Bring the others if you can but don't let the slow you down! Quickly
Johnny!"
"Right!" Johnny hung up, I prayed my friend would get here on time.
"Who was that?" Felicia asked as we ran down a flight of stairs.

"Back up," I whispered. I searched for a place to change, this was the perfect time to slip
away and try and stop these things. But drone weren't my specialty, I couldn't break them
before they riddled me with bullets. Sadly Spider-man can't help now.
Suddenly a drone came flying out of the sky and landed in a ball of metal before us. The girls
screamed as everyone jumped away. I stared at it, the arms were ripped apart, the wiring
came undo and the internal working were seen clear as day. I quickly got an idea.
I ran to the drone and grabbed its arm, ripping it free from the rest of it.
"Peter! What are you doing?!" MJ cried out.
"Trying to save us," I told her as I analyzed the firing system and found the ones that dealt
with firing the machine gun attached to it's arm. I grinned, "perfect."
"Parker! Get back!" Harry cried out as a drone landed next to me. I moved, lifting the broken
arm I had on hand and pointed its gun at the drone, I hotwired the system causing the
machine gun to automatically fire, ripping the drone to shreds in seconds.
Finally there was nothing left, the drone fell back, it's head ripped clean off. I panted,
throwing the now useless arm aside before walking back to the the teenager staring at me,
"let's go."
They nodded as began to run away. More drones came out of the auditorium. They launched
missiles at Tony, most however failed to reach him, instead falling down into the crowded
people covered street.
"We have to stay away from them! Move to the sides!" I yelled out. They listened and ran.
But suddenly another squad of drones came out and intercepted us, standing before us like
guards.
My eyes widened as they looked down and the whirling of guns being loaded as heard. I
opened my bag ready to pull out my web shooters, damn the consequences, when suddenly
the drones were bathed in orange flames.
"Heya Pete! Sorry I'm late!" Johnny called out as he flew over the drones lighting them all
up.
I looked up and grinned, "not a problem Johnny, light these tin cans up!"
"You got it!" Johnny grinned maniacally as he melted the metal on the drones body, reducing
them into liquid goo.
I turned to Johnny, "Sue and the others?"
"Are coming, but I won't hold my breath. I'm the only one who can fly and Ben doesn't fit in
a car."
"Fine, these guys are trying to get Stark but keep missing, their missiles hit the civilians
instead. Think you can blow them up before the hit the ground?"

"No idea, it'll be fun finding out!" Johnny called out before flying off.
I turned to my school mates and found them once again gaping at me. "What?" I lifted an
eyebrow.
"Dude! That was Johnny Storm!" Flash exclaimed.
"Yes, and?"
"You know Johnny Storm?!"
I shrugged, "he's a friend from work, now do you want to keep talking, or do you want to
save Mr. Dunkan life?"
Flash gulped and quickly nodded. We ran around the melted drones towards the parking lot.
People were rushing out of the expo, we were lucky to find out bus quickly.
"So, you work with the Fantastic Four?" Felicia asked as we ran.
"Not with, for," I replied, "and yeah, I do."
"So that's the mysterious job you keep telling us about," Felecia realized.
"Yup, so you get why I don't advertise it."
We got into the bus and quickly put Mr. Dunkan down near the back with Liz to watch over
him. We got the driver to start the bus, but before we could start a drone came flying down
from the sky, landing right in front of us.
People were yelling in fear as the drone stood up and looked at us.
"Move!" I yelled at the driver, going up to him and pressing down on the gas. The bus roared
alive and charged at the drone, pinning him down to the ground as it began firing bullets out
of it's machine gun.
"Don't stop!" I yelled at the driver. I opened the door and reached into my grab taking out the
EMP gun I built.
The drone eventually managed to grab the bus by the bumper and shove it to the side. The
bus skidded and I quickly jumped out and rolled away.
The drone stood up and leveled it's guns once again at the bus, I ran up to it just as it took
aim. I leveled the gun at it's head, "hey tin man," it stopped and turned at me, "die."
I squeezed the trigger causing a pulse of electrical energy to it's system short circuiting it
from the inside out. It started to jerk it's limbs before suddenly dropping like a sack of
potatoes. I was panting hard, I put the gun away and spat on the ground, "fucking robotic
piece of shit."
I got back on the bus and looked around, "is everyone okay?"

They were staring, again, I really didn't like this staring thing, didn't they have anything
better to do?
"Y-yeah, we're fine," Harry squeaked out.
"Alright," I nodded turning to the driver, "please get us out of this fucked up place."
"Sure thing boss," he nodded driving off into the road. As we left I saw the drone I left
behind explode into a giant fireball. Everyone gasped as we watched the Stark Expo turn into
a visual representation of hell.
I prayed that everyone in there was alright. I was really regretting not being able to be there
as Spider-man, but I knew Johnny and the others could handle it just fine on their own.
"I don't know about you guys, but I'm never going on another field trip again," I chuckled.
They all looked at me like I was mad, "what? Bad time?"
Felecia got up, "you noble bastard," she jumped on me, acting on instinct I caught her by hips
as her lips suddenly locked themselves over mine. Her fingers ran down my hair and her legs
locked around me.
I was beyond surprised but shrugged it off, wrapping my arms around her, pushing into her
lips. She moaned, licking my lips to gain entry, attacking every corner of my mouth she
could.
"Damn," I heard Flash whisper.
Finally she broke the kiss and pulled back, a line of saliva bridging the distance between our
lips. She was panting, emerald eyes looking deeply into my own, "damn."
I agreed, "damn."
"You're a good kisser."
"Thanks."
"Want to do it again?"
I nodded, "oh God yes," I initiated it this time, holding her up with one hand while the other
ran through her hair. I think everyone there was looking at us, but I honestly couldn't care
less. She tasted like vanilla, I like vanilla.
We drove to the hospital and got Mr. Dunkan into the ER immediately. We were then all
brought back to the school where we were surprised to find out families waiting for us.
Everyone got down and quickly ran to them. I was the last and immediately I spotted May
and Ben.
"Oh Peter!" May cried out grabbing me into a tight hug, "are you okay? Did you get hurt?
Did anything happen?"

"I'm fine aunt May, I promise, everything's fine," I assured her with a smile.
"You sure Pete?" Ben asked.
I nodded, "yeah. We all got out safe. Only Mr. Dunkan got hurt trying to save Liz's life.
Guess field trips and I don't get along huh?"
"Peter! How can you make jokes about this?" May gasped.
Ben smiled, "let him be May, you know that's how some people process things." May sighed
but nodded.
"Let's go home," May sighed pleadingly.
I nodded, I looked up at the sky and saw a fireball heading right for me. "Actually, could you
wait for a second? I need to talk to someone."
"What? Who?" Ben asked.
Slowly everyone turned and watched Johnny fly down and before me. He grinned, "hey, glad
you're okay."
"Thanks, how's the expo? How many people got hurt?" I asked ignoring the people staring at
me.
"Not many, I think maybe one or two got hit really bad by the drones self destructing, but
Ben managed to save them from the worst of it by shielding them."
"The others reached on time?" I was surprised.
"Yup. Sue and Reed managed to stop the whole place from blowing up, I think they got like
50% of the drones offline before they exploded."
"Good, that's good," I nodded, I looked behind me, Ben and May were staring, I smiled,
"Johnny, this is my Uncle Ben and my Aunt May. Guys, this is Johnny Storm, part of the
Fantastic Four, he's a friend."
Johnny waved, "heya Aunt May, Uncle Ben! Nice to see you! Peter's told me a lot about you!
You guys should really stop by sometime! We would love to have you over!"
"Y-yes, thank you," Ben responded while May couldn't bring herself to say anything.
Johnny nodded before turning to me, "anyway I just came to see if you made it alright. I have
to go back and help with the clean up."
"Can I do anything?" I asked automatically.
"Yeah sure, we could always-"

"-No, I don't think it's a good thing Peter," May said in a quiet voice, "that's enough for today,
let the police handle it."
"But-" I wanted to argue, but one look at Ben and I decided against it, "right sorry."
Johnny chuckled, "well then I'll see you on Monday Pete, take care!" He then flamed on and
took off into the air.
I sighed and turned to my uncle and aunt. We moved to leave when Anna and MJ came up to
us.
"Anna dear," May smiled, "I'm glad to see Mary Jane's alright."
"Yes she is, thank you for taking me with you, it would have taken much longer if I had to
come by the bus. But apparently we have Peter here to thank for MJ's safe return!" Anna
exclaimed.
May and Ben looked surprised, "what?"
"He saved us May," MJ whispered, "he saved all of us."
Ben and May turned to me. I shrugged, "great power, great responsibility."
Ben gapped, "Peter, that isn't exactly what I meant."
"No, that's is exactly what you meant, and you know it," I told him, "I just scaled up the
model a bit."
"But how?" May asked.
"He used a gun or something!" Flash yelled out. I turned to him and glared, stupid blonde
idiot.
"A gun?!" Ben yelled out.
"It's not a gun," I said, sending Flash another hate filled glare, I took out the EMP gumachine and presented it to them, "it's something I made at work. Sends an EMP strong
enough to knock out the drones."
"Peter, why did you even make such a thing?" Ben asked.
"Simple, the last time Tony Stark did anything he was attacked by a madman with lighting
whips. The time before that it was a guy in a suit of armor. I figured I shouldn't risk it, after
all Hammer tech was the one who designed the Rhino suit, I figured someone might try and
pull something in the expo tonight. So….EMP machine."
They all looked at me like a grew a third head.
"How could you possibly know this?" Liz asked.

"I got a job working with Reed Richards, did you really think I'm an idiot?" I scoffed.
"Well I for one am impressed," I heard a familiar voice that sent a shiver down my spine.
Norman walked up to me and smiled, "Peter, once again you've impressed me. May I?"
Hes gestured to my EMP machine. I nodded and slowly gave it to him. He looked it over and
raised an eyebrow, "I have the smartest minds on the planet working under me, though I'm
not sure anyone could have built something so….efficient. Truly impressive Peter."
"T-thanks," I gulped.
"Excuse me, but who are you?" Ben asked standing between me and Norman, guess he
noticed how scared I suddenly became.
"Oh, I apologize, I'm Norman Osborn, Harry's father," he gestured to Harry to stood a good
distance away looking at the ground like he was being punished, "normally I wouldn't
involve myself in my son's life but….well, let's just say I'm glad I did. You are Ben Parker
correct?"
Ben blinked, "yes."
"Well you have raised your nephew to be a fine man Mr. Parker. I would offer him an
internship at my company, but I don't think he would be interested, yes?" he looked at me and
smiled.
I nodded, "yeah, sorry."
"Oh please, it's no fault of yours. It's mine for not recognizing the talent you hold. This is
twice I owe you for protecting my son Peter, I don't forget my debts I owe. If you need
anything, call," he gave me his card and walked away, "come Harry, it's time for dinner."
"Yes father," Harry bowed, he actually bowed, and followed Norman into a long black limo.
"Well that was...something," Ben cleared his throat and turned to Anna, "are you two ready?"
"Oh yes," Anna nodded, "come MJ, Peter, let's go home."
I nodded, as we walked away though I noticed Felicia talking to a woman dressed in a fine
dress gown with a diamond necklace and long silver hair that matched hers. Felicia looked up
and gave me a small smile, she waved goodbye before leaving with the woman, who I guess
is her mother.
We drove back home quickly, guess Ben was anxious to put this day behind him. Ben pulled
up onto the driveway and quickly we got out. MJ gave me a confused look I couldn't quite
understand, but she didn't say a thing as she went home.
I sighed, it was a long day, but it was done. I survived it and am now all the better for it. I
doubt I'll still be called that skinny weird kid in school anymore, which is both a good thing
and a bad. People will notice me now, I can't just sneak out or act weird, I need to be alert,
hopefully I can still be Spiderman and Peter Parker.

The next day was Saturday, after begging Ant Man and Uncle Ben, I finally got their
permission to go and try and help out in the Stark expo recovery efforts.
I did go, but as Spider-man. I swung into the scene and immediately people noticed me. I
walked up to a fire man trying to lift up some ruble out of the way, "need some help with
that?"
The fireman smiled, "sure. Think you can handle it?"
"Let's see," I grabbed the concrete and lifted it over my head, "yeah, I think I can."
The man smiled, quickly I became involved with the clean up crew. I helped carry around the
heavy stuff, if we managed to find something to hot to touch of dangerous to hold, I would
use my webbing to insulate it.
Soon though I wasn't alone, the FF arrived, Johnny flew in, Sue and Reed took Sue's car, a
Land Rover, and Ben just kind of walked, which took him a lot longer to reach.
The also began to help clear things out, Sue, Johnny and Ben helped carrying stuff around
while Reed and I leant a hand whenever we could.
Around mid-afternoon we had managed to clear everything up, and I was hungry as hell. My
stomach growled loudly and the workers there laughed.
We quickly got to eating, Johnny went out and got us take out from a Chinese place down the
road. We sat in around with the workers and ate, they didn't treat anyone of us any differently,
which was a great thing considering they were literally sitting next to a guy made out of
rocks.
"So ah, what's with the name?" John, the manager of the clean up crew asked.
I blinked, "are you asking me?"
"Yeah. Why Spider-man?"
I shrugged, "I got my powers from a genetically engineered spider. Hence, Spider-man. Plus
it goes with the whole theme I'm working on, shooting webs, climbing on walls, stuff like
that."
"Can you like communicate with spiders and stuff?" one guy asked.
"No."
"So what about you?" they asked Ben, "what do you call yourself?"
"Ben," he muttered.
"No, I mean like you're superhero name."

"Oh...I suppose you can call me 'The Thing', Johnny does that sometimes," Ben shrugged
uncaringly.
We talked some more, the FF really made an impression on these guys and in the end I think
Spider-man got a few brownie points from the public.
But there was another reason for me to do all this. Every time I found something interesting,
like a part of a drone, a still intact arc reactor or anything I think I could use, I hide it away in
the sewers. I tid them up in a sack made from my hardest webbing fluid, should last for 24
hours.
I went home at day and waited until nightfall to come back to the Expo. It was empty, the
people had all packed it in for the night. I was about to go in and get the items I stashed away
when I saw a figure standing on a rooftop overlooking the destroyed expo.
I recognized her immediately, I could know that silver hair anywhere. I landed on the roof
behind her startling her to my precise, "hey Cat, fancy seeing you here."
"Spider," the Black Cat nodded, "what are you doing here?"
"I was helping them clear out the wreckage in the morning, I left a few supplies behind. And
you?"
"I...I was here last night," Felicia admitted sounding more scare than I have ever seen her
before, "my friend and I...we almost died."
"I'm sorry that happened," I apologized.
"Where were you? Aren't you supposed to be a freaking hero or something? Isn't that what
you always say? I'm a lowly thief and you're the gallant hero?" she spat out.
She was angry, I knew that, so I let her have that one, "I was on the other side of the city
helping where I could. By the time I heard what happened...I really regret not getting here on
time."
"So is that why you helped clean out the place? Because you felt guilty?" the Black Cat all
but demanded and answer.
"No, not really. I can take the guilt, I did it because I knew it was the right thing to do. People
needed help so I helped them. There isn't a deeper meaning for why I do the things I do, I just
do."
"Then you're a bigger fool than I thought," Felicia told me.
"Sorry to disappoint you," I shrugged.
Silenced came down on us for a long time. I knew she had more to say so I just waited,
keeping silent.

She finally did speak, "there's a guy who was with me. I...I didn't think much of him, he was
interesting enough but that day….he saved me. He saved all of us."
I raised an eyebrow, was she talking about me? Oh yeah, she was! I coughed, "so ah, that's
nice."
"He's the real hero, not you."
I winced at her tone of voice but shrugged it off, "maybe, he is. What's he like?"
"Kind, he tries to act aloof but I see right through him," she smiled. Right, you can totally see
right through me, that's why you have no idea I'm standing right next to you. "He's smart, like
scary smart, I almost feel like sometimes I can't even hope to keep up with him. He's brave
and loyal and….a great kisser."
I smiled under the mask, "hey, if you like him so much why don't you ask him out?"
Cat looked me and smiled, "maybe I will. Bye Spider, try not to be late next time the world
needs saving." She left, jumping from roof to roof. I'll admit, for a girl with no super powers
she sure can run.
I went down into the expo to grab the stuff I hide away and swung back home, sneaking into
the basement. Everyone was asleep, time to have some fun.
I took a look at what I had. Two forearms from a Navy drone and an Army drone, two arc
reactors that have been shut off and one leg from a drone until I couldn't identify. It wasn't
much, but it would be enough.
I began first with the arc reactors. I needed to find out how they worked. I knew two things,
one, it was radioactive, I knew as much since Tony was dying from having it inside his body
for so long. And the other, it can produce high amounts of energy.
It took me all night, I think it was around 4 in the morning when I finally began to understand
what Tony had built. The radioactive material would first break down and be spun around to
collide into themselves.
It means there are charged particles moving in a circle, contained by a magnetic field. Highenergy particles usually have high energy because they're moving very fast, and magnetic
fields can curve the motion of charged particles. Curving the particles' motion into a circle
keeps them in one place long enough to get them to collide.
This also produced gamma rays as a result of the molecules colliding and releasing a loose
neutron. There was a complex radioactive decay going on inside the arc reactor itself, one
that I was just starting to understand.
This in the end increase the motion of the magnetic field, alternating it as the lose neutrons
began to move around. This in turn cause the magnetic superconductive wire to generate high
amount of alternating current.

I finally put down the arc reactor and sighed, rubbing my head. I'm so glad it's Sunday
because I'm exhausted. I hide the 'acquired' items away. I could fit the arc reactors in the
loose floor board I used to hide stuff, but the others were too big. So I just shoved them into
storage. Ben and May rarely come down here so it was relatively safe.
I slept until noon and got up exhausted. I wanted to go back down to get back to work but
when I did I found Anna and MJ sitting in the living room, chatting with May and Ben.
"Morning guys, how've you been?" I asked yawning.
"Ah, so he finally stirs," Ben chuckled, "morning champ, up late?"
"Yeah, working on a new project," I admitted freely, "hopefully I can get it to work."
"Peter, why don't you take MJ and talk to her for a while. Anna, Ben and I have something to
discuss," May oh so subtly pushed MJ my way.
"Ah, right, come on MJ, I need to get something to eat," I grumbled walking to make myself
some cereal.
MJ sat next to me watching me munch down on my brunch. "So ah, you and Felecia huh?"
I shrugged, "I don't know."
"You don't know? What do you mean you don't know?"
"She just kissed me," I shrugged, "didn't plan on it or anything."
"But you kissed her back!" MJ yelled out. Our relatives looked at us, we lowered our heads
and whispered.
"Yeah well, why wouldn't I? It's not like I have girls lining up to kiss me. I take what I can
and besides, she's pretty cool, you think so too right?"
"I-I….you still kissed her."
"Yes, yes I did. Why? Did you want me to kiss you instead?"
MJ looked away pissed, she didn't say a thing. I sighed, "sorry MJ, just teasing."
"It's fine," she shrugged.
Just then my phone began to ring. I picked it up, "hello?"
"Peter, it's me Marcus! Colleen sensei is having another training session, you coming or
what?"
I blinked, "wait, today? I didn't know! How much time do I have?"
"Can you be here by 2?"

"Yeah I can but," I looked at MJ and sighed, "sorry I'm actually with a family friend. Rain
check?"
"Damn, sensei won't like this man."
"I know, tell her I'm sorry." I sighed, "bye Marcus."
"Bye man," he hung up.
"Who was that?" MJ asked.
"A friend from my dojo, he wanted me to come over for a training experiences, I told him I
couldn't," I took the used bowl and washed it.
"You didn't have to do that for me," MJ whispered.
I shrugged, "don't worry about it. Anyway, want to go up to my room?" MJ nodded, I guided
her upstairs and closed the door behind me. She plopped down on my bed while I sat on my
desk chair.
"So how's life?" I asked her.
"It's….weird to be honest. Friday was so freaking weird. I mean one moment we were on a
perfectly ordinary school trip and the next..."
"Do you want to talk about it?"
"What's there to talk about?" she asked with a shrug, "robots attacked us, Iron Man flew in
and saved the day and you basically made sure everyone I knew didn't die and saved our
lives."
"I didn't do much."
"Peter you single handedly took out a drone, and if you hadn't called in Johnny Storm, who
you're buddies with by the way, then who knows how many people would have died? Face it
Tiger, you're a hero."
I chuckled, "thanks MJ, I'm glad you think so."
"What do you mean I think so? I'm not the only one! I was on the phone with Liz all day
yesterday, the whole school knows about you Peter! They all think you're a hero! Hell I heard
Liz mention half the cheerleaders like you now!"
I blinked, "huh….well that's interesting."
"Yeah," she looked unsure of herself and I honestly felt bad. She wasn't a bad person per say,
just a little childish.
"So MJ, are you going to audition for the school play? I heard they begin on Monday right?"

MJ looked surprised, "y-you remember that?"
"Of course I do silly, I'm still you're friend right?"
"Y-yeah, right."
"So? Are you?"
"I don't know Peter. Liz keeps telling me it's a bad idea and I'm not going to like it. It's
supposed to be long and gruesome and-"
"-Of course it's a long and tiresome task MJ, it's not worth doing if it was easy! But that's no
reason to give up!"
"But Liz said-"
"-Liz doesn't know you, I don't think she bothered to even try, because if she did she would
know how much you want this. So shut up about what Liz thinks and tell me what you
think."
MJ was silent, she looked hard pressed for an answer before sighing, "you're right."
"I know I am," I grinned.
"Careful Tiger, girls don't find an ego impressive," she snorted.
"I'll keep that in mind."
"It's just," MJ sighed, "she wanted to focus on Homecoming instead, said we barely have any
time left to prepare. She and Flash are going together but I'm not sure I'm even going at all."
I raised an eyebrow, "holy shit, that's right, Homecoming's this week. Damn, I actually forgot
about that."
"Really? You did? Oh what am I saying, of course you did," MJ rolled her eyes.
"I'm surprised someone hasn't asked you out yet."
"Actually Harry did ask me out but...I'm not sure if I should go."
"Really? Osborn? Again? You do know they are all creepy little shits right? Harry might be
decent enough, but his dad's totally up the walls fucked up."
"Really? How do you know so much about him?"
"I used to be his BFF remember?" I scoffed, "his dad always gave me the creeps, now ever
more so."
"Because he showed interest in you?"

"Exactly. He saw me as a toy to add to his collection, nothing more. He treats people like toys
to be added and I...I don't want Harry to think of you the same way."
"Peter he won't, he's not that bad."
I shrugged, "so you say...anyway, are you going to accept or what?"
MJ shrugged, "I don't really know."
"Alright tell you what, if you want I'll take you to Homecoming, only if Harry's too much of
a pain to deal with. What do you say?"
"What about Felicia?"
"I don't know. That girl's complicated, I doubt she actually likes me let alone wants to got to
Homecoming with me," or rather I know she has a thing for me, but I can't act on it unless she
admits it. Stubborn Cat!
"Of course she likes you Peter, why else would she make out with you?"
I chuckled, "because she was turned on by what I did? Honestly I really doubt she's into the
whole serious romance angle, and I highly doubt she wants to go to some dance. So? What
do you say? Want to go to Homecoming with me?"
MJ blinked, "I-I, ah….tell you what, you talk to Felicia and I'll talk to Harry, if neither of our
dates are like we want them, then we'll go together. Deal?"
I grinned, "deal. Now, what exactly are you going to do about the play? Do you like have
lines to do?"
"Well they are doing Midsummer Night's Dream this year and I really want to play Helena,"
MJ smiled.
'The girl who love a man that has no interest in her? Damn Mary Jane, subtle you are not,' I
shrugged, "okay, do you want to practice?"
"Really?"
"Sure, I'll just download a PDF onto my phone and we can get started."
MJ was happy at my offer. She began slowly, she took a while to get into the role, but I
encouraged her to keep going. Soon it became dark outside but Anna didn't seem to mind MJ
staying over. We worked on her script until dinner, where MJ joined me, Ben and May.
It was honestly a nice Sunday, I got to kick back and relax for a while, something I haven't
done in a long time. MJ and I were a lot closer now, it was nice to have my friend back. And I
wasn't lying about Felecia, I really didn't know the first thing that was on her mind.
Later in the night I returned back to my basement and worked on the arc reactor some more
until I was sure I could reproduce it or at the very least understand it. I soon got bored though

so instead I took out the drone leg I had in storage.
I began dissecting the thrusters, finding out how they worked. I began to understand the
design, which I'll admit was ingenious. It used concentrated Muon particles, an elementary
particle similar to electrons but with a much denser mass. They could be adjusted to increase
it's density or decrease it allowing for flight or as a physical weapon.
The repulsor technology was amazing to study, I swear, this was a copy of Tony's tech and I
was already learning so much about it, imagine what I could do with the real thing!
It got late pretty quickly for me and I decided to call it a night. Putting the drone leg away I
went back to bed exhausted. I walked in a yawned, removing my shirt and got ready for bed,
but just then I heard a low whistle.
"Impressive Mr. Parker. For a skinny guy you sure are packing."
I moved on reflex, jumping towards the voice with a kick aimed at his chest. He grabbed my
leg but wasn't able to stop the force behind the kick to push him up against the wall. I
grabbed a stapler and charged the man, pinning him against the wall by the throat with the
stapler pressed against his bald head.
I looked at the man properly for the first time and realised he was back and was wearing an
eye patch. I blinked, I recognized the man immediately, Nick fucking Fury, head of SHIELD.
Oh I have done fucked up.
"Very impressive," he chuckled, "mind losing up? I can't breath."
I lost my grip slowly, I needed to play dumb, he's the greatest spy on the planet, no high
school kid had no business knowing he existed let alone know his name.
"Who are you, how did you get in here?" I growled.
"My name is Nick Fury, I'm the head of SHIELD."
I raised an eyebrow, "you're supposed to be a spy?"
"Exactly."
"Then why are you in my bedroom?" I growled pressing the stapler against her cheek.
"Are you seriously going to threaten me with a stapler?"
"I can pin a staple into your eyeball how about that?"
"No, I don't think you will," I heard the click of a gun and I felt something cold and metallic
stuck between my ribs. I looked down, I didn't notice him draw his gun, fuck, rooky mistake.
"Now, can we talk like civilized people?"
"You don't get to trespass into my house and then preach about civility pal," I growled, but
slowly backed away, my eyes never leaving the gun. My spider senses weren't tingling so I

knew he wouldn't hurt me, but better safe than sorry.
"Now then, I'm here to talk to you about the Avengers initiative," Fury smiled.
I kept my facial expression under control though on the inside was I shocked and surprised
all at the same time. Avenger? Me?! Holy shit?!
"What's an Avenger?" I asked doing my best to seem dumb.
"It's task force I'm assembling together that will take on the threats that are beyond the limits
of ordinary men and women."
"And why would you want a teenager like me to join your secret club?" I asked, fearing the
answer I knew he was going to give.
"Come now Peter are we seriously going to pretend like you're still just an ordinary kid?"
Fury raised an eyebrow, wow he is really good that doing that.
"I have no idea what you're talking about."
"Sure you don't Peter...or should I say, Spider-man," Nick smirked as I looked horrified.
"You are crazy man, get out of here before I call the cops," I hissed, I knew resistance was
futile, but I had to try right?
"You do that, and I'll tell them about how you constantly break the law trespassing and acting
as a vigilante."
"With what proof?"
"We have video of you changing into your costume and have several images of you dead
lifting steel beam in that abandoned train yard you like to visit."
I raised an eyebrow, "wow, I didn't know SHIELD had that many cameras in Queens...unless
you hacked the cameras and obtained the so called evidence illegally which would be
inadmissible in court."
Fury smiled, "you're smart kid, I like that. And you're right, we can't actually throw you in
jail, but taking you into trial will reveal your secret to the world, do you really want that?"
I growled, "so that's how it is huh? Join you or you'll tell everyone I'm some kind of
superhero? Blackmail thy name is Fury."
"You're honestly not giving me a lot of choice here kid," Fury admitted, "if you join us
though I promise you won't regret it. We can give you the state of the art training and tech.
We can train you to be better, smarter, the ultimate Spider-man."
I knew the offer, I had already expected Fury to pull this card on me sooner or later. He was
applying to the poor kid inside of me that had no friends that was desperate for recognition.
Sadly for him I wasn't that kind of Peter Parker any more.

"Tempting offer, but I'll pass. I already have everything I need."
"Learning hand to hand combat from a dojo in China town won't do you any favors kid. We
can train you with the best, people who are the best at what they do."
"And in return?" I raised an eyebrow.
"In return? In return you work for us, we'll give you mission, assignments you'll have to carry
out."
"People I'll have to kill?" I raised an eyebrow.
"We don't do that."
"Then? What do you do?"
"Infiltrate drug rings, terrorist organizations, find and contain threats to national security,"
Fury explained.
"Sorry Fury, but I don't really have time time to be an international spy. I have a job and
family to take care off. Most importantly I have a city to protect."
"You think you're the only superhero in tights crawling around? Everyday I hear about
someone new out in the night trying to fight the good fight. The kid survived before you
came kid, it can survive without you."
I raised an eyebrow, "and school? And my job?"
"We both know you're hours at the Baxter building are flimsy at best. And well..I'm sure we
can find ways for you to switch between work and school. You won't miss prom or anything
like that."
I was silent for a long time, I need to push him, I wanted to see what he did when he got mad
in order to understand what type of man I was dealing with. "Tell me Fury, do you have any
other child soldiers working for you? Or am I the only one?"
A dark scowl came over his face, "you think I do this because I want to kid? If I had my way
you wouldn't even be near the field. But you got too big too fast. People are starting to take
note of you, and if you continue the way you are...people will come after you and hard. I'm
giving you the option of less evil, I suggest you take it."
I was silent for a long time I finally spoke it, "can I have some time to decide?"
"Yes, you have a week," Fury took out a folder and placed it on my desk, "here, everything
you need to know about what I'm offering you. Good night Peter." He walked out my door
and I didn't see him return. I have no idea how he did that, but I couldn't even hear his
footsteps.
I let out a gasp I didn't know I was holding. I looked around, my entire room could be
bugged, no, fuck that, my entire house!

I grabbed the EMP gun I mad and switched up the settings and connected it to my phone. I
began to scan the room for bugs using the micro transmitter in the EMP and quickly found
five. I switched the EMP pulse into a short range curst and quickly took them all out.
I then went up and down the house three times over, finding a total of 25 bugs put in place. I
took great pleasure in destroying each one and gathering them into a paper bag. I dumped the
bag on my front porch with a note that read;
'Bug my house again and I'll fucking shove them up your ass Fury.'
I walked back inside my house and to my room. I looked down at the porch and found the
bag gone. Good, I hope they learn their lesson.
I picked up the file and gave it a once mover, pretty basic stuff. I couldn't get into the detail
though, I was too damn tired. Things have been moving so fast I couldn't even begin to
understand everything that was happening to me.
I laid down in my bed and prayed for a quick sleep, I so was not looking to deal with this bull
shit in the morning.

Chapter End Notes

So I have taken a lot of the suggestions you have provided to me into account. I will use
the ones I find most interesting, I assure you this will be a fun ride.
Anyway yes, I am planning on letting my SI make a suit with Stark's tech in it. Should
be a cool concept. Also yay! Love is in the air! You guys can't say Felicia wouldn't be
attracted to a guy who kicks ass like it was nothing and is brave enough to risk his life
for others.

Chapter 9: An Electric Dance
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Monday morning was pain in the ass for me. First it was difficult to get up, and then I
realised I had school and third I was currently being recruited by SHIELD. Yeah, not a great
day to be me. Fucking hell man all this and it wasn't even morning yet.
I scanned the folder Fury gave me into my personal SA and read the document page by page
on my way to school.
Basically his offer was this, we train you, you serve us. They would allow me to specify what
I wanted to be trained in, technology, fighting styles, tactics and other types of skills. I would
be personally trained by an agent of SHIELD and when I was deemed ready they would send
me out on missions.
I honestly didn't see a single reason to refuse his offer. To be honest patrolling the streets
every night is started to get tiring and repetitive. I can be doing so much more good with my
time. I could have my own side projects sure, but otherwise I would be helping SHIELD keep
the world safe.
I did know there were some disadvantages, like the fact that SHIELD was actually HYDRA,
patiently waiting for it's time to strike. I knew that...but still, for now being an agent of
SHIELD had only advantages to offer me.
I would have to stop going to the Chikara dojo, my time with the FF might be stretched thin
but that was never a problem. I wouldn't be able to continue to be a friendly neighborhood
Spider-man, instead going international. But...maybe I can talk to Fury about that.
I walked into school, SA going through terms I should be aware off, like 'death', 'danger' or
'circumstances'. Need to know what I'm in for before signing with the devil.
I walked into first period English and noticed people were once again staring at me, like
usual. I sat down in my desk and quickly turned off the SA, don't want some kid snooping
through classified SHIELD documents now do I?
"Yo Parker, what's that you got there?" Flash asked.
"It's a Scan & Adapt," I told him not bothering to turn around.
"What does it do?" Flash asked.
"It scans and adapts any document into a digital form," I told him.
"Ah...nice, where did you get it?"
"I made it," I told him.

"You made it?" Harry repeated looking at the SA in a new light, "damn, that's pretty cool."
"Thanks Harry," I told him, trying my best to ignore their oh so subtle attempts to start a
conversation with me.
"So Parker, going to the Homecoming dance this Friday? Or are you too cool for that?" Flash
as I quickly found myself surrounded by the popular kids, something I found extremely
infuriating.
"I haven't decided yet," my reply was short, please take the hint Flash.
"Oh, you're probably going to take Felicia right? I mean after that kiss she gave you she has
to be interested."
I shrugged, "maybe."
"Damn Parker lighten up! Man if I had a girl like that I wouldn't spend a second away from
her!" Flash grinned.
"You do have a girl like that Flash, she's right there and she's glaring at you," I pointed at LIZ
who looked like she was going to blow a gasket.
"I-ah, well I-"
"He's got you there Flash," Harry joked causing everyone else to laugh. Great, fucking
groupies, just what I need.
"Move it," I heard Felicia spit out like venom as she pushed past the gathered guys and sit
down next to me. She glared at all of them and then settled on me, giving me a small nod
with I matched.
"Anyway Peter, you should totally come we're all going to be there, Flash is going with
Liz...maybe," Harry looked at the large blonde boy getting yelled at by his girlfriend, "and
I'm going with MJ! It's going to be so much fun man!"
I raised an eyebrow at the last comment. I turned to MJ and meet her gaze. I motioned to
Harry and she rubbed her head and gave a small nod. I raised an eyebrow, it was hard to
imagine Harry acting nicely to her, but hey, stranger things have happened.
"I'll think about it," I told him.
"So Hardy, you going to the Homecoming dance?" Harry asked leaning on her desk, wiggling
his eyebrows at her.
Felicia glared at him with an unimpressed gaze. "One, get you're ass off my table, and two,
what I'm going to do is no business of yours Osborn."
"Okay sheesh, sorry I asked," Harry got up, "anyway, I'll catch you later Pete," he waved and
walked away, taking the others with him.

I sighed in relief, "can you believe that guy?"
"What did you expect? You became the school hero practically over night, everyone's talking
about what you did," Felicia told him.
"Are they now? Damn," I whistled, "by the way, what are your plans for Homecoming?"
"Why do you ask?" Felicia smiled coyly.
"Well because I was going to ask you out for the dance," I smiled at her.
The platinum haired girl smiled as she curled a stray strand of hair behind her ear, "well, if
you're asking then...yeah, why not?"
My smile grew that much larger, "sweet. Do you want to go to dinner first?"
"Sure, you can finally give me that date you promised me," Felicia wicked.
I smiled at her, I was about to speak when a woman walked into class holding a book and
wearing a black pencil skirt and blue blouse. Her hair was red and curly and her figure was
out of this world. I swear she was a fuckign model, I assured if I didn't immediately
recognize her.
Natasha Romanoff, the Black Widow, she was in my class, she was looking at us all, her eyes
staying on me a fraction of a second longer. She was sent here to spy on me...fuck.
"Good morning class. My name is Ms. Natasha Randol, I'll be your substitute English teacher
until Mr. Dunkar has made a full recovery," she smiled. The other boys grinned perversely,
Harry even gave Flash a fist bump. And while I was a little excited to have a hot babe
teaching me, I was even more scared due to the fact I knew exactly who I was dealing with.
The class was over quickly and I have to admit Natasha knew what she was talking about.
The explanations of English literature were deep and meaningful, almost makes me think she
wasn't a secret assassin from Russia that can kill everyone in this room without blinking an
eye.
And at the end of the class the boys were grumbling at having to leave. Everyone slowly
waked out, but I remained behind. Felicia looked at me and asked if I was leaving, I told her I
needed to talk to our new teacher. She gave me a strange look before leaving, thank God the
girl knew to respect one's privacy.
Natasha noticed I was standing behind and smiled, "Mr. Parker right? How can I help you?"
"I thought Fury was going to give me some time to think about it," I cut straight to the point.
Natasha blinked, "I'm sorry, who? I'm afraid I don't understand. Who is this Fury?"
I rolled my eyes, "really? I'm not stupid you know. A new teacher arriving this quickly to fill
in a job position two days after the last one got sent to the hospital? This school isn't that

effective," I knew this for a fact, this had happened before once, the teacher got sick and
Peter had the entire week free before they could find a substitute.
"Well you see I was already applying for a job when Mr. Dunkar had his accident. It really
was luck-"
I threw a punch at her face, Natasha's eyes went wide as she reacted on instinct and dodged it,
grabbing my arm and throwing me over her shoulder into the ground. I really hate that move.
I looked up at her and smiled, "you're pretty fast for a teacher."
Natasha hissed, the mask of a high school teacher dropped revealing a cold hard stare
underneath, "Fury said you were quick. I didn't expect you to be this quick."
"Thanks, it's a fucking gift. Now I suggest you get off me before someone arrives and thinks
you're trying to sleep with a student on the first day," I smirked.
I saw the corner of her mouth twitch, guess she found me funny. We got to our feet and I
patted my coat, "I looked over the deal. It's...okay. I do have some requests."
"And?"
"I want to be able to protect this city. I understand I'll be needed elsewhere on mission, but
every time this place is in danger I want the chance to protect it. I won't endanger a mission
and go running off like a mad man if that's what you're thinking, but I won't leave it
unprotected."
Natasha nodded, "reasonable. Anything else?"
"Yes, I like inventing stuff. Can Fury give me the funding to make my own toys? And if I do
will they be mine of property of SHIELD's?"
"You'll have to talk to Fury on that one, but I'll relay your requests to him," Natasha nodded
before suddenly smiling, "now then Mr. Parker if that's all you better get to your next class!"
Just then the door opened and her next batch of students walked in. Damn, how did she
know? I wished her a good day and quickly walked out.
I felt like I was being watched all day, and mostly likely I was. I didn't notice any cameras
though, so maybe it was all my imagination. At lunch I found Felicia sitting alone in one
corner so I decided to drop by.
"Hey Felicia," I smiled as I sat down next to her.
"Hey Tiger," she purred at my nickname, "you know I think you've earned the right to give
me a nickname by now."
"Really? Well any requests?"
"You decided," she shrugged going back to her salad.

"How about…," I looked at her fork and saw a picture of a black cat on it's handle, typical.
"Kitten?"
Felicia stopped and turned to me in surprise, "w-why did you call me that?"
"The cat on your fork," I pointed at the fork she was using, "I figured you kind of like a cat.
Aloof, smart and like totally graceful. So I figured why not right? Kitten?" I said her
nickname in a husky voice.
"D-damn you Parker," she hissed.
"What's the matter Kitten? Don't like it?"
"No...it's fine," she grumbled going back to her meal. I laughed, I must have nearly given her
a heart attack when I called her that.
After school Felicia, MJ and I sat down for our hourly study session. We did get some work
done before the girls began talking about Homecoming, about what to wear and what colours
matched. Felicia and MJ shared a love for fashion, though Felicia wasn't too bothered about
the brand names but rather how they felt and looked.
After that I went to the Chikara dojo for what I felt would be the last time. I told Colleen at
the end of the cass that I might be forced to stop coming and she looked sad.
"Peter you are one of my best students, you learnt more in the short time here then I did. Are
you sure you can't continue?"
"No sensei, I'm sorry but I can't."
"Why?"
"I told you sensei, I got a job and right now my family needs the cash. I'm sorry it's come to
this but I have to put them first," I only half lied, I really was doing this for the betterment of
others, "I promise sensei, I won't ever forget what you have taught me. If I can I'll stop by
whenever I can, but I'm sorry to say this is goodbye for now."
"Well that certain is unfortunate," came a male voice from the door. We both turned and
found a middle aged man standing by the door with a smile on his face. He wore a suit and
had a trimmed beard with curly combed hair. Immediately I recognized him.
"Master Bakuto!" Colleen smiled as she bowed, "this is a surprise master!"
"Yes, I was in the neighborhood and I thought I should drop by," he turned to me, "and this
is?"
"Peter, Peter Parker, he's one of my best students, but unfortunately he has to leave," Colleen
said giving me a very sad look.
"Really? What is that Mr. Parker?" Bakuto asked me with a gentle smile.

I paused, oh my god it's him! It's one of the top members of the fucking Hand! And he's right
in front of me! Fuck!
I remained calm, gulping, "I-I just need to focus on my family right now. They need the cash.
You know, for college and stuff."
"Well if that's the case I'm sure my organization would be happy to grant you a scholarship
for further education, granted you perform well here."
I blinked, "what?"
"Sensei Bakuto here runs a very wealthy non-profit organization," Colleen explained with an
excited smile, "he usually takes my best students and offers them a scholarship, the full ride."
"And if you are as impressive as Colleen says you are, then I'm sure you'll be able to get it,"
the man smiled. Yeah smile all you want buddy but I know for a fucking fact that you just
want to turn me into a mindless drone.
"T-thanks, but I don't think that would be fair," I meet his glare and gulped, "it's just people
like Marcus and all need the scholarship, I just need some cash on hand that's all. Please,
don't worry about it, I'll be fine."
"You are doing a disservice to your talent Mr. Parker," Bakuto told me, "it would be a shame
for your talent to go to waste."
"I would rather that then have my family sacrifice everything to make me happy," I shot back
with a glare of my own, "I'm sorry, goodbye."
I walked out, Colleen called out for me to wait but I didn't listen, I ran out of there as soon as
I could.
This was for the best, the last thing I needed was the Hand gaining an interest in me. They
would be ruthless in killing me if they even suspected I knew anything. I need to get away.
I walked into the Baxter building and sighed, "hey guys! I'm back. Is anyone here?"
"In here Pete!" I heard Johnny call out.
I was surprised to hear laughter coming from inside the den. I quickly walked in and was
shocked to find May and Ben sitting in the living room with the FF.
"Oh hey Peter! How was school?" Sue asked with a smirk.
"Ah...fine?" I blinked looking at May and Ben, "what are you guys doing here?"
"Well we figured it was time we looked into this place you spend so much of your time at,"
Ben replied, "and I have to say Peter you couldn't have picked a better place!"
"Oh, thanks Uncle Ben," Johnny smirked.

"Hey! Don't call him that! He's not your uncle!" I grumbled.
"Now Peter that's no way to talk to you're colleges, I expect you to treat them with respect,"
May scolded.
I blinked, "ah...okay….but you don't mean Johnny right?"
"Of course! Him too!"
"Ha! You best respect me Peter! Or else I'll tell your aunt!" Johnny laughed.'
"I'm going to douse you in kerosene Storm," I growled as his simply shrugged it off.
"Would you like some more tea?" Ben asked as he gently poured himself a cup.
"Oh thank you Ben that would be lovely," May smiled.
"Well May I think it's time to leave don't you?" Uncle Ben asked, "I'm sure Peter will feel
embraced the longer we stay."
"Oh don't be silly dear I'm sure he doesn't mind," May shrugged.
Reed smiled, "no, he doesn't mind at all, don't you Pete."
"Et Tu Reed?" I gasped. Reed and the others chuckled as I say down with my aunt and uncle
and we all spoke in general. Soon the packed up and left, leaving me alone with the FF, I let
my smile drop and grew serious.
"I need to talk to you guys about something," I told them.
"It sounds serious, are you okay?" Sue asked, "is about...your other job?"
I nodded, "kind of. I….I was approached by a secret organization who knew who I was. They
offered me a job."
Reed grew curious, "who?"
"SHIELD," I sighed.
Reed sighed, "crap."
Sue matched him, "this isn't good, not one bit."
"Who are they? I just know the basics, big spy agency, has a lot of toys and cash to throw
around," I asked.
"SHIELD, or the Strategic Homeland Intervention Enforcement and Logistics Division," Sue
explained, "you're right when you said they were spies, but they are much more than that.
They have their fingers in every pie. They are the gatekeepers between the world and those
that seek to do it harm. Or at least that's how our father always used to describe them."

"They aren't the sort you want on your tail, they have the resources and the people to take don
small armies and topple governments," Reed continued, "what exactly did they say to you?"
I sighed and told them Fury's offer. I showed Sue Fury's proposal stored on my SA and she
began to look it over carefully.
"So are you going to accept?" Johnny asked.
"Honestly? I don't think I have much of a choice. It was stupid to think I wouldn't be noticed,
I'm just glad I'm getting a say in my fate," I sighed and admitted.
"I say take it," Ben's gravelly voice spoke up, "it's the best deal you're going to get Webhead, the training will keep you alive and I'm sure if this Fury guy thinks you're a
valuable asset he won't try and get on your bad side."
"And from what I'm seeing this deals pretty ironclad," Sue murmured, "you probably won't
be cheated out of your training or anything."
"So it's basically a win-win situation?" I asked.
Reed nodded, "basically, yes."
"If I join...I'm not going to have much time for you guys, or friends," I sighed.
"We always were flexible with timing Peter, you don't have to worry on that front," Reed
assured him.
"And what friends? Weren't you supposed to be like a cool loner dude?" Johnny asked
"I was, but...well after the expo people are kidding of amazed I know you guys. I'm basically
a celebrity in their eyes," I shrugged.
"Oh that's great Peter! You can never have too many friends!" Sue smiled.
"Yeah, but they don't act like friends, more like groupies," I shivered, "but there is this girl
and….well she's nice."
"A girl huh? Yeah, that'll do it," Ben chuckled.
"Girl?" Johnny's interest was peaked, "tell me about her!"
I rolled my eyes, "no."
"What? Why not?!" he whined.
"Because the moment I do you'll look for her profile on FaceBook and perv on her," I
snorted.
"No I won't...by the way are you on Facebook?" Johnny asked, his phone already on hand.
"No, waste of time," I shrugged.

"Same here," Reed sighed.
We quickly talked a little while longer on what I should do before we went to our own labs
for our side projects.
Later in the evening Sue did call me over and talked to me about getting the SA patent. She
told me her lawyers were already working on and we were in talks with Amazon to build
them for public consumption.
I would get a 50% ownership of the patent, the other going to the Baxter foundation. I would
also get 5% of every SA ever sold, earning me a steady stream of revenue in some time. Yup,
things were looking up for little old me.
The next day I arrived in class to find everyone glued to Flash's phone once more. This time
they were looking at the NEWS live. I peered over his shoulder and was surprised to find the
man on trial was the operator of the Rhino, one Aleksei Sytsevich, or AL for short.
We watched as the man was sentenced to 5 years in prison for theft and public endangerment.
He was just luck no one had died or else it would have been 20 years. I honestly didn't care
though, I knew some way or another he was going to come back and haunt me again and I
would have to be ready.
I spent the rest of the week either in school, at the Baxter building working on something new
or swinging through New York as Spider-man. The streets were quiet for a while, only a
couple of muggings in the worst part of town and one stab victim that I had to rush into the
hospital.
But one thing was looming in the distance, Homecoming. I don't understand how a silly high
school dance could effect me so badly, but boy was I nervous. Felicia seemed to have
noticed, she took every chance she had to tease me for it. Always going on and on about how
it should be a perfect night, or else.
So I actually started to try and make it a good night. I got a suit from Uncle ben. I didn't
bother with his firmly under shirt, too eighties. But I did use his blue suit and wore my black
shirt under it. It gave off the very hip and cool feel to the suit, which was nice.
I also managed to get reservations to a restaurant in the fancy part of town, I knew I would
end up spending half my allowance on that dinner but it seemed to be worth it, after all why
go out if you don't do it with a bang?
Harry and Flash kept bothering me all week, asking if I wanted to join up with their dates and
go together, I politely told them no, and when they insisted I told them to fuck off.
And so it was all set. On Friday evening and hour before we were meant to meet up I called
up Felicia as I was getting ready, "hey kitty."
"Hey Tiger," was her reply.
"You all set for tonight?" I asked her.

"You bet I am, we're meeting up at Julio's right?"
"Yup, I'll see you soon, alright?"
"See you soon Tiger," she said huskily as I cut the call.
I got ready, put on the suit, and went down. "There he his!" Ben smiled, "don't you look
handsome!"
I grinned, "thanks Uncle Ben. Hey, could you help me with the tie? It's really bugging me," I
asked him.
"Sure, no problem kiddo," Ben smiled as he helped me out.
"Oh I wish you and your lovely date decided to meet up here instead," May sighed, "what
was her name again? Felicity?"
"Felicia aunt May," I rolled my eyes, "and besides, she isn't the photo type."
"Oh nonsense, what type of girl isn't the photo type? I swear Peter you pick the oddest girls.
You should have just stuck with Mary Jane."
I shrugged, "she's going out with Harry, besides I don't think she and I would work out, she's
in a very different place, I can't handle all that."
"Well doesn't that just sound like a trumped up excuse," May huffed just as the door was
opened and May exclaimed, "why MJ dear, you look lovely!"
I blinked in surprise, I turned around and gasped when I saw MJ standing there all dressed
up. She wore a black dress that came down till her mid thighs that hugged her curves. The top
half near the shoulders and arms were transparent and with her makeup done I had no doubt
that this woman is the same one who would one day become a supermodel.
I smiled, "damn MJ, I think this is the first time I'm ever going to feel jealous of Harry."
MJ smiled, "thanks Tiger, you don't look half bad yourself."
"Thank you very much," I grinned.
"Oh this is perfect, come you two, let's take a picture!" May smiled already grabbing her
camera.
"May she isn't my date," I looked confused.
"Oh what does that matter? Come one you two! Up close!" May said excitedly as Ben just
stood to her side and shook his head in disbelief and a small smile.
I turned to MJ who shrugged. We stood together, my arm around her hip and her's
immediately going for my shoulder. It just felt so natural, May took a few photos, to many for
my liking, before she let us go.

"So what's up? I figured you would be wating for Harry and the others," I asked her.
"I am, they aren't coming till another half an hour though, so I thought I should see how you
were doing," MJ replied with a shrug.
I shrugged, "I'm okay, I'm meeting up with Felicia for dinner soon."
"Oh...well, good luck I guess. Where are you going?"
"Julio's," I smiled.
MJ whistled, "damn Tiger, you're pulling out all the stops tonight aren't you?"
"Yup," I shrugged, "anyway I think I should get going, don't want to keep her waiting."
"You're going to met up at the restaraunt?" MJ asked in surprise.
"Yeah, I think she's embarrassed of her mom or something, didn't even want me to pick her
up in a cab or anything," I shrugged.
"Well...alright I guess," MJ smiled, "good luck Peter, I hope you have a great time."
I smiled and pressed a chaste kiss on her cheek. MJ seemed to go into a state of shock at the
kiss, I winked at her and quickly walked out the door.
I hailed a cab and quickly got in. I texted Felicia I would be seeing her soon and sighed as the
cab slowly drove through traffic. I was carrying with me a corsage, I didn't know the breed of
the flower but it was white, similar to Felicia's hair.
I also checked the hidden pockets of my jacket feeling my web shooters inside. I wasn't an
idiot, it was times like this when nothing could go wrong that everything can go wrong.
There was a 50% chance I would have to swing away as Spider-man today, and so just in
case I brought my web shooters and my mask. I didn't have my my leather jacket, but I was
wearing my black muscle shirt under my suit along with the black leggings.
I really, really hope I won't have a need for them, but again, I was no fool.
I arrived in the restaurant ten minutes early and quickly went up to the top floor of the fancy
hotel and took my seat. It was a two person table near the window overlooking the city
below. The restaurant was fancy, I could see a few other kids from my school in there with
their own dates, they waved at me and I politely waved back.
I waited and waited, drinking three glasses of water and used the bathroom twice. She was
twenty minutes late and starting to test my patience. I grew fed up and took up the phone and
called her.
"Peter, I'm sorry but something's come up," she said with batted breath.

"Really? Something came up? What?" I was skeptical, did she just not want to go out with
me? Why can't she just say that?
"Yes, I'm really really sorry but-"
BOOM!
An explosion rocked out from the other side of the phone and from outside the window. I
looked out and saw an thunderbolt launched into the air, tendrils of electricity sparking
around all over the place.
"Felicia? Felicia are you okay?!" I roared, please tell me she's not stuck in the middle of that!
It took a while before she answered, "I I'm fine! Something's here! It's attacking everyone!"
"Stay right there! Stay hidden! I'll get help!" I threw a twenty onto the table and ran out of the
restaurant. I quickly dialed Johnny up, but got no answer. Was I out of range? Or...the
electricity, it was jamming all radio waves!
I ran to the roof and took out my web shooters. I stripped down to my uniform hidden
underneath and webbed up suit and shoes into a bag before throwing them against the side of
the building to stick.
I put on the mask and jumped off the side of the restaurant, swinging towards the electrical
storm. I knew it could only be two things, one, Thor or two, Electro.
I arrived in the busy crowded street and saw a man made of blue electricity floating in the
middle of the streets laughing as he sent blast after blast of electricity into the street.
Sometimes he hit cars, other times he hit the road, exploding pieces of concrete up into the
air.
"Some one help us!" a woman cried out.
"Shut up you ficking whore!" Electro yelled out, "no one gives a damn about you!"
"Someone please!" she screamed even louder.
"I said shut the fuck up!" he yelled, I could see he was going to electrocute her. But before he
could I sent out a web line and pulled her out of the way of his oncoming bolt of electricity.
"What the hell?!" Electro roared as he turned to see me on the roof, "S-spider-man?!"
"I'll give you one chance," I told him as my eyes searched the wreckage for Felicia, "leave
and never come back."
"You think you can order me around?! No one can order me around! Not any more!" Electro
roared as he sent out bolts of electricity at me.
Acting on pure instinct I jumped out of the way as the bolts of powers destroyed the roof I
was standing on.

"Come on Sparky! Is that the best you can do?!" I asked as I swung across the street.
"Hold still!" he roared trying to hit me, but everytime he got close I would just swing away in
a different direction.
I landed on a building wall and looked down to see Felicia pulling someone out of a wrecked
car. Her clothes were torn apart, her hair a mess, but seeing her help people to safety I
couldn't help but feel she looked so goddamn beautiful.
"I'm going to crush you Spider! And when I do, I'll be the hero!" Electro roared as he threw a
bolt of power at me.
I dodged with no issue as I slowly lead him away from the destruction he had caused. I kept
taunting him, keeping his attention on me. I kept telling him how much of a wimp he was and
he grew more and more enraged.
This was good, the more focused he was on me, the less damage he caused everyone else. He
was floating through the streets of Queens as I lead him towards an iland of water from the
East River.
I could see the bridge now, I need to drown him, that was the only way. But just then he
threw a bolt of electricity at my web line, cutting it in half, causing me to come flying down
into the ground.
I landed on my feet, but the pain was too much. I rolled around on the ground, I'm pretty sure
one of my legs were broken if not bruised. I looked up and saw Electro fly above me,
smirking as he did.
"I'm better than you, I'll always be better than you! You're nothing Spider! Less than
nothing!"
I rolled my eyes, ego much? "Before you kill me can I know one thing?"
"What?!"
"Do you like water?" I asked. Electro looked confused and I took my shoot. I shot a web line
at a nearby fire hydrant and ripped it off. Using my good leg I jumped up to the side of the
building to avoid the water.
"What do you think you're doing? You think I won't just-" but as he talked a stray strand of
electricity rolling off his body connected with the water sending a feedback strong enough to
shock him still.
"What the hell was that?!" he cried out.
I shot two web lines at him and pulled him forward, "that was basic physics!" I then launched
myself right at him. I clocked him across the jaw as hard as I could and he went flying back.
I landed on top a lamp post and turned around, covering him with webbing over and over
again. I jumped all around him, covering him from head to two with webbing. At first he was

too much in a daze from the pain to do anything, and then when he did get his full mental
faculties back he lacked the strength to escape.
Soon I ran out of webbing and Electro was covered head to toe with it. He was somehow still
floating above and I could see smoke rising from his body. He was burning through the webs.
I jumped down to the street level and broke four more fire hydrants out of the ground soaking
the street in water. I quickly changed web cartridges, putting in new ones to replace the
empty ones.
"You can't hold me! This pathetic webbing can't hold me forever Spider!" Electro roared as
more and more of my webbing was burnt off.
"Maybe, but I can still hurt you!" I webbed up my right hand in a thick glove, time to do
something stupid.
I climbed up the side of the building, slowly as my leg still throbbed in pain. I turned around
to face him, he was twenty feet off the ground, time to make that zero.
I jumped just as he tore through the last of the webbing, he didn't see my fist coming at his
face at full force. I felt my fist break a tooth as it met with his face at high velocity. He lost
control, flying into a building before landing down on the water covered street.
I landed on wall of another building and watched as he started to electrocute himself, the
water conducting the water back into himself at an alarming rate. I knew if I left him like that
he would die, so I reluctantly pulled him up with a web line and hung him upside down from
a lamp post.
I made sure to insulate him thoroughly with webbing, he wouldn't be awake for some time
now. But looking at Electro I was honestly curious, how did he conduct so much power
without dying? I was curious, so I looked around and found a broken car on the ground.
I went to it and found the headlights smashed in. I unscrewed the headlight and used it as a
test tube to collect blood samples from Electro. I didn't use an injunction, there was plenty
amount of his blood coming out of his broken jaw and bleeding gums.
I covered the open end of the light bulb with webbing and put it away. With my curiosity
sated I swung away to find Felicia.
I swung back to ground zero of this whole incident and found people slowly getting back on
their feet. I spotted Felicia with an elderly man helping him catch his breath. I smiled and
immediately swung back to grab my clothes.
In five minutes I came back, but not as Spider-man but as Peter Parker. I spotted Felicia and
ran to her, "Felicia!"
She looked up and her eyes went wide, "Peter!"
I grabbed her into a big hug, holding her close as I rubbed her hair, "oh kitten, I was so
worried."

"I'm fine," Felicia smiled, "I'm sorry I couldn't make it to our date."
"Oh shut up," I growled grabbing her into a kiss. She moaned in surprise before slowly
melting into my arms. Her arms around my neck, mine around her hips.
We finally broke the kiss as we heard people cheering and clapping for us. We turned around
and people smiling and cheering, I didn't understand why, maybe they were just so glad they
were all alive, but in the end I didn't care.
We helped where we could before the authorities should up. Felicia was given a clean bill of
health and from what I heard no one had actually gotten too badly hurt, expect one man who
was stuck by elector's lighting and had to be rushed to the ER.
I also saw three black trucks travel down the road to where I strung up Electro, the SHIELD
logo proudly displayed on the side of the truck. Guess Fury was keeping an eye on me.
I helped Felicia get into a cab as we went to the school for the dance. But when we reached
she stopped and didn't want to move.
"What's wrong?" I asked her.
"I...my dress is ruined," she said, lifting up my coat I had wrapped around her to stay warm,
to reveal her torn dress. It was stunning really, tight enough to hug her impressive curves. Her
ass was tight and curvy, like a perfect peach. Her breast, though still developing, were a firm
C cup. Her dress was midnight black with silver lining along the sides and though it was torn
in places I still couldn't take my eyes off of it.
"I think you look perfect," I whispered, giving her lips a light kiss.
"Peter, I'm not going in there," Felicia grumbled.
"Seriously?" I asked.
She nodded, "yup."
"That's too bad….I really wanted to show off how amazing you look," I whispered as I pulled
her close, our foreheads touching, her arms on my shoulder and mine of her hips.
"Oh so I'm something to show off now?" she asked in a teasing tone.
"No, not something, someone. Someone who helped save lives," I whispered back, "I wanted
people to see the real you."
"Peter, that isn't the real me," she didn't sound so sure.
"Keep telling yourself that Kitten," I smiled, "you know, I wanted at least one dance with you
tonight."
"I'm not going in there," she replied.

"No...you don't have too," I took out my phone and looked through the songs, finding one
that I thought would be perfect for this moment.
The song started to play, the melody loud enough for only the two of us to her. The song
began as the lyrics flew out.
Felicia and I swayed to the music. Slowly, at out own pace we danced, I could smell her, a
scent so unique and unusual I doubt I could ever forget it. I could hear her breathing quicken,
I smiled as I felt our bodies slowly heat up.
"You know for a guy who is supposed to be horrible at social interactions you sure have a
way with romance," Felicia smiled.
"I guess I was just waiting for the right girl," I replied back.
She was silent, like she was thinking about something important. And finally she spoke,
"Peter...you want to go out sometime?"
"Like on a date?" I asked.
"Yeah...like a date. A real date," she looked into my eyes.
"I would love that Kitten," I smiled, "I'll be honest though, I didn't think you were the settling
type."
"I wasn't," she admitted, "but you're different Peter Parker...you're like a puzzle piece I can't
figure out and longer that it the more I find myself thinking about you."
"Does that mean you'll stop being interested after you figure me out?" I asked, a little worry
slipping into my voice.
"No...I don't think so."
"Well I'm glad to know that," I chuckled as we danced in our own little world. The stars
twinkling under us as we didn't say another word to each other, afraid to break this spell of
romance we had over us.

Chapter End Notes

Yes, it was cheesy and romantic, but I like it. Also, yay! Elector's here!
I haven't really planned for him properly, but, I just wanted him there as a key player for
later.
Also yes, Peter will be joining SHIELD.

Chapter 10: A Date to Remember

I dropped Felicia home, it was a large apartment complex in the good part of town. She
seemed embarrassed to admit she lived there, but I didn't really care. I gave her a deep good
night kiss before leaving back home.
My leg was hurting, I managed to hide the limp from Felicia so that she wouldn't be worried
but now I didn't bother hiding the limp.
I managed to convince May and Ben I just twisted my ankle while dancing, laughing it off.
They asked me if I was alright, they heard about Electro, and I lied, telling them I was
nowhere near that psycho.
I went into my room and quickly changed into my night clothes. I pulled the vial of Electro's
blood suit pocket and looked at it, it still sparked in power. I hide in under my bed and lied
down intending to get some sleep.
But five minutes later my door creaked open. I grumbled, I already knew who it was, "I
thought you would give me a week to think about it."
"That was before you took out a man that shot lightning out of his ass," came Fury's response
as he took a seat on my chair, "besides, I came to understand you already made up your
mind."
"Did she tell you my conditions?" I asked.
"Yes, she did. Tell me kid, why are you so obsessed with this small place? Why limit
yourself?"
"This is my home Fury, why wouldn't I want to protect it?" I asked.
"Are you expecting it to be burnt to the ground if you're not there to protect it?"
"Last month I stopped a man in a wearable tank suit destroy a street and today I stopped a
man that shot lightning out of his fingers from killing people. Do you want to ask me that
again?"
Fury looked impressed, he remained silent, it was an interrogation tactic, one I wasn't falling
for. Finally he broke first, "she also told me the other condition you had. You want to keep
what you make for us?"
"You'll give me funding and access, I want autonomy for whatever I invent."

"That's a lot of freedom you're asking for. Why should I believe you won't just take this tech
and run away?"
"What makes you think I'll listen to you while training?" I raised an eyebrow, "you need me
and I need you. You know me, do you really think I'm capable of doing that?"
"Yes."
I smirked, "good. Because I am. But I also don't like letting people get hurt when I can stop
it. So until you allow me to do that you won't get any problem from me."
Fury thought it over for a moment before nodding, "the conditions are...acceptable. Are you
ready to begin?"
"What? Now?"
"Yes, why? Did you want to sleep?" he asked in a mocking tone.
I growled, "for your information I actually did get hurt in the last fight," I pointed at my leg
which was now visibly bruised, "it's going to take me a few days to heal."
Fury narrowed his eyes, "do you need medicine? We can provide medical support if you
wish."
"No, I can't be sure how my body will react to a foreign substance, I'm still not sure just what
inside me has changed. I'll be fine, just give me two days or so."
"Fine," Fury nodded, "this is the last time you'll see me Parker, I'm assigning Agent
Romanoff to be your liaison with SHIELD and your trainer. You'll listen to her and do
exactly what she says, understood?"
I raised an eyebrow, "and agent Romanoff is my English teacher, yes?"
Fury nodded, "yes."
"What happens when Dunkan returns to the job?"
"Mr. Dunkan has won an all expense paid trip to Hawaii where he'll spend the better part of a
year. I doubt we'll see him anytime soon."
I whistled, "damn, that's a lot of planning and money spent on little old me. Am I really worth
all that?"
"I guess we'll find out," Fury said walking out. He closed the door behind him and I heard his
footsteps leave the house.
I sighed and went back to bed, sometimes I wish I never became a goddamn superhero.
The next day:

I woke up early on Saturday and quickly checked my house for bugs. I found 10 in my room
and 5 in the basement. I proceeded to destroy them, but instead of throwing them in the trash
I kept the around to study. If SHIELD insisted on wasting bugs on me who was I to
complain?
I had breakfast and limped my way downstairs. I locked myself inside and took out the arc
reactors I was studying.
I spent the better part of the afternoon further studying it. It was honestly amazing, it could
produce more energy than anything it's size had any business doing. It was like a portable
giant battery that never ran out of juice. Unless it's core was depleted, which was a major
problem.
They were using Palladium, something that had a high deterioration rate and would get burnt
out fast. Tony would need to synthesis a new element to fix this problem, which was exactly
what he did in Iron Man 2.
I went online and searched the science documentary websites and immediately was
bombarded with news that Stark had applied for a patent to a new element which he promptly
named 'Badassium'.
The new element would be able to power an arc reactor indefinitely, instead of constant
changes in Palladium cells. I needed to get my hands on some of that, but unfortunately only
one man on Earth could make it and I doubt he would like the fact I knew how to make his
favorite toy.
I then moved on to the repulsor technology. I understood what he used to thrust himself
upwards, but I needed to understand how. It took me all day but I finally managed to break
down the system and rebuild it.
I even had a few ideas on how to improve the system, maybe even a use this technology in
other gadgets I wished to build.
That night as I was packing things up my phone buzzed, someone had texted me. It was
Felicia;
F: Hey.
P: Hey yourself. How have you been?
F: Fine. You?
P: Okay, just doing a little studying.
F: You are such a nerd.
P: Yup.
F: Anyway, about last night...

P: Yes?
F: Remember what I asked?
P: For a proper date?
F: Yeah, are you free tomorrow?
P: For you? Always. Where do you want to go?
F: Anywhere is fine Tiger. Your pick.
P: Okay, dinner and a movie sound good to you?
F: Yes. I'll see you then. Pick me up?
P: Yup. Night Kitten.
F: Night Tiger.
She wasn't much of a texter and neither was I. Guess I had a date to plan.
On Sunday I worked a little more on the repulsor tech and the drones. The drones themselves
were boring as hell, big, clumsy and outdated. Guess that's what you get when you to rip off
other people's ideas instead of making your own.
I of course also planned on ripping Stark's tech, but at least I understood what I was doing
and new how to make improvements.
Around the afternoon I got ready and went out to pick Felicia up. She looked amazing, she
wore a pair of tight jeans, a black blouse with a jacket over it. The date wasn't something out
of a fairy tale or something like that, it was just a way for us to get to know each other.
We watched some crappy comedy movie and laughed at the horrible acting and the corny
jokes. I took her out for dinner and she insisted on splitting the check, something about it
being fair after standing me up at Julio's.
And now I walked her back home, telling her a joke that made her laugh so hard she snorted
like a pig.
"Oh my god I can't believe you did that!" she laughed.
"I know! So I'm stuck under the principal's desk, she comes in and sits down and I'm praying
Osborn has the balls to trip the alarm. And just as I was about to reach third base with the
principle he did it. I managed to sneak out when she left to see what the commotion was
about but after that I swore I would never ever follow Harry's dumb ideas!"
Felicia snorted, "ha! Oh God!"
I grinned, "you sound so cute when you snort."

"Shut it!" she hissed, still smiling.
"I'm serious! It makes you look so cute!"
"As if I wasn't cute before," she huffed.
"No, you're usually beautiful, now you're cute," I smiled as I did my best to walk slower, but
soon we reached at her place. I sighed looked at the building, stupid building, why did have
to be so close? "So...I guess this is it huh?"
Felicia smiled, "how about another walk around the block? I don't feel like going home and
giving mom a report on what I did tonight."
I grinned, "sounds good," I wrapped my hand around hers as we walked around the block
again and again. We did that for an hour, just talking with each other, neither wanting to end
this night.
But soon her mother called her up and asked her to come home, it was getting late. I sighed,
"I had a great time tonight."
Felicia smiled, "yeah...me too Tiger."
"You ah...you want to do this again sometime?"
"Why Tiger, are you asking me to be your girlfriend?" she teased.
I blinked, did I? There were so many things we hide from each other, I knew a few of her
secrets, but she knew none of mine and….oh fuck it.
I cupped her face with both hands and bent forward, catching her lips in mine. She dived into
the kiss, her hands wrapping around me as I heard her sigh.
I broke it slowly, holding her close as I looked into her eyes. "Will you?"
She smiled, "sure...why not?"
I smiled, "looks like I just hit the Jackpot Kitten," I kissed her again and with that the date
ended and I officially had a girlfriend.
On my way back home I wondered if this was the right thing to do. Having a girlfriend was a
big responsibility and a commitment. I didn't know if I can tell her everything about
me...Spider-man, SHIELD, all of that. I didn't know...so maybe for now we take it slow yeah?
On Monday I walked into school with a spring in my step. I was excited to see my girlfriend,
wow that sounded weird to say. Anyway, I walked up to my locker and opened it when
suddenly two hand covered my eyes.
"Guess who," she sang and I smiled, I recognized her scent anywhere.

I grabbed her by the hands and pulled her around, pinning her against the locker as I kissed
her on the lips. I quickly broke it and smiled, "morning Felicia."
"If you're going to great me like that every morning I might actually like coming to school
Tiger," she said huskily, "are you going to let me go or what?"
"Hm, such a tough choice, on one hand I could get in trouble, but on the other hand I really
don't want to," I smiled before moving away letting her free, "so, you ready for your physics
quiz?"
"That's today?" she asked surprised, "great, and I didn't study. This is all your fault you
know!"
"How?"
"Because I was supposed to study last night, but you had to ask me out and make me all
emotional that I completely forgot!"
I rolled my eyes, "relax, you'll pass, why else have I been tutoring you every day after
school?"
"Hm, because you like spending time with me?"
"Well...that is true," I smiled as we went to first period together.
I tried to spend as much time as I could with Felicia. She was honestly a lot nicer than I gave
her credit for. Maybe it was because she was younger and more impressionable, but she was
nothing like the Black Cat I read in the comics.
We did garner some attention, people looked at us and guessed that we were dating. MJ and
Harry also looked closer, I guess she finally said yes to him, it didn't bother me as much now,
but I was still worried based on the fact she was now with an Osborn of all people.
After school we had our tutoring session, I was right when I said Felicia would pass her quiz,
she did it with flying colors. Unfortunately she had to go home early that night, her mother
had called and needed her back home immediately. Felicia left, but not without giving me a
big goodbye kiss that lasted a little longer than necessary, I think it was her way to telling MJ
to stay away.
"So, you and Felicia huh?" MJ asked as we packed up our stuff.
"I could say the same about you and Osborn," I told her as we left the coffee shop.
"It's not official or anything, he just...he asked me out on a date, I said yes," MJ shrugged.
"Look MJ I know it's not my business or anything, but be careful. Don't trust Norman
Osborn, that man is shrewd and cunning, Harry looks up to him and obeys him. He can't help
it, be weary, don't let them convince you to do something you don't want to. Be careful."

"Oh relax Peter, you sound like I'm going to fight a war," MJ laughed. I groaned, in some
ways she was right.
We went our separate ways and the moment I turned the corner I noticed I was being
followed, and by someone familiar. I snuck into the nearest alleyway and waited for her to
follow me. She stepped in and I nodded, "agent Romanoff."
Natasha removed her glasses and blonde wig, "you're ability to see past disguises is
exceptional. Most wouldn't be able to notice what was right under their noses."
"Hiding in plain sight right?" I asked nodding, "anyway, are you here to take me to my first
assignment?"
"You're not ready for any field work, not until I say so," she put her disguise away and
motioned me to follow, "come, it's time I showed you where you'll be trained."
I followed her without question. I walked back a good five feet just in case she didn't want
people to know we were together. As we walked I couldn't help my ass landing on her
amazing ass, I couldn't help it, she had the body of Scarlett Johansson, you try not checking
that ass out!
I think she caught though as she turned around and smiled seductively, I knew there was no
emotion behind that look, she was just trying to rile me up, so I just smiled back with a shrug.
We eventually reached a old warehouse near the old part of Queens. She took out a golden
key and unlocked the door, the inside was barren, the entire place was empty except for a few
crates of what looked like packing paper.
She walked up to the wall on the right and pressed her hand against a normal looking stone. It
blared to life and the wall opened revealing an elevator inside.
We got in, the lift had only three options, G, B and LB. Ground, basement and lower
basement if I had to guess. Natasha pressed LB and we were off.
"Did Fury tell you what is expected off you?" Natasha asked.
"No, but I can take a guess. He wants me to be a field agent, one that is prepared for anything
and everything the world might throw at me. You'll be handling my training and like you said
once you think I'm ready I'll be sent out on mission. Did I miss anything?"
"I'll also be teaching you how to operate as an agent, not just training you to be a fighter. I'll
teach you to be a spy, to infiltrate a gang and disable it from the inside out."
I raised an eyebrow, "read my file have you."
"What gave you that idea?"
"You mention fight a gang from the inside, obviously you know about GST, trying to draw
my attention to your usefulness."

Natasha raised an unimpressed eyebrow, "good, you'll need those observation skills of yours.
Though next time, don't reveal all your cards."
The lift doors opened revealing a darkened room. Natasha snapped her fingers and the lights
came on. I gaped, it was an underground command center with a conference table in the
middle, computer monitors to one side, an old fashioned filing cabinets to the other, a locker
with guns and other weaponry near the back and a sofa with a small kitchen further away.
"Welcome to the Queens safehouse. SHIELD gave it to us for training and mission purposes,
we'll have other agents drop in from time to time, but other than that it's only going to be us.
Come, I'll show you around," Natasha walked off.
"This is the main room," she pointed to room we were in. She went through a hallway near
the back, we passed by several rooms with transparent walls, "gym, data hub, lab and supply
closet. Any questions?"
"Do you live here?" I asked.
"The floor below."
"Okay...when do we start?"
"Now, follow me," she took me back to the main hall. She pressed a button, the wall opened
up revealing a closet filled with SHIELD uniforms. She picked up a pair of tracks, shirt and
shoes, "put this on and meet me at the gym."
I did so and walked into the gym. I could see weights and gymnastic equipment's further
away, but in the middle of the room was a giant training mat. I looked around but no red head
in sight. I was about to drop the matter when my spidey senses went off.
She was going to jump me from the back. I turned and grabbed her in the last moment,
throwing her away clumsy. Natasha landed on her feet and narrowed her eyes, "how did you
know?"
"So SHIELD doesn't have a record of all my powers huh?" I grinned. Natasha didn't say
anything, simply raising a single eyebrow. I sighed, "it's like precognition. Every time I'm in
danger my brain goes into hyperdrive and allows me to react faster than normal."
"So you're psychic?" she asked.
"No, I don't think so. I think it's something to do with the spider that bite me, it could sense
danger as well, I'm not exactly sure how it works, but it does."
"Maybe you should research your powers, it could prove useful."
I raised an eyebrow, "isn't SHIELD already doing that for me? I assumed you already got
some DNA from me," I really didn't like that idea, but it was a fact. No spy agency worth
their salt would not take measures to control an unknown factor.

"We don't experiment with our agent's DNA without their permission," she lied through her
teeth.
"Woah, that's amazing, you going to teach me how to lie that good? Or is it more like a
natural thing?" I asked.
Natasha raised an eyebrow before smiling, she got into a fighting stance, "let's see what you
got Spider."
I grinned, "bring it Natty."
The next hour was pain and bruises for me. My reaction time was good, great even, but like I
have found out time and time again, people with enough skills, like Felicia, can get the drop
on me. And Natasha took joy in pointing that out.
Bam!
She slammed me into the floor once more, pinning me down with her foot on my chest,
"you're still reacting instead of leading Spider. Your instincts are good, but they should only
be used as a last resort, nothing more."
"So you keep saying," I growled getting back up, "again?"
"No, that's enough for now. I need to figure out what best to teach you," Nat pulled out a
phone and typed away into it, "you can use the weights and gymnastic equipment until then.
Don't hurt yourself."
I nodded as I moved to the weights, I picked up a 20 pound dumbbell easy and began some
basic curls "so Nat, what types of martial arts do you know?"
"Karate, Judo, Jujutsu, Boxing, Aikido, Savate, Ninjutsu, various styles of Kung Fu and
Kenpo. Just to name a few."
I stopped and whistled, "damn...remind me never to get on your bad side."
"Sure," she gave a half smile, "every day you'll have hand to hand training with me for a
hour. I'll give you a hour break in between for you to complete your homework and such
before going into other details such as tactics and how to be a field agent. You'll have to
spend at least three hours with me in this bunker everyday. Got that?"
"Three hours in a bunker with a beautiful woman everyday? Other than my girlfriend getting
jealous I don't see a problem," I shrugged.
"Good, you have free time now, don't waste it," and with that she left.
After working out for a bit I went and finished all my homework for the day, relaxing for the
rest of the time. Natasha then made me sat down at the conference table and slammed thick
2,000 page book in front of me.
"The SHIELD manual, read it, memorize it."

I whistled, the font was small, really small, "is this really necessary?"
"Yes."
"Do you follow every word in this?"
"Yes."
"Again, you really have to tell me how you can lie so easily," I scoffed pushing the book to
the side. "So what's first teach?"
She put down a book in french, "you need to learn new languages if you want to fit in."
"I know a little bit of french, I think we can skip this part," I told her in my best french.
Natash's eyebrows actually raised up in surprise, "I didn't know you spoke french."
"There's a lot you don't know about me Nat. For instance I love vanilla ice cream. Put that in
my file would you?"
Nat rolled her eyes, "fine, what languages do you know?"
"French, Spanish, a little German, and I began to read up on Japanese but I stopped half
way."
"Okay then, let's test your language skills," she said before asking me GK questions in
different languages. After I answer a question correctly in the same language she would
switch to a completely different one.
She stuck to the languages I knew, but she made me work for it asking more and more
complex questions.
At the end of my first training session I was exhausted mentally and physically, but I knew it
was worth it.
I made my way to the Baxter building by 7 or so and spent two hours with them helping Reed
and Sue out on their projects.
By that time Felicia had called me two times, one when I was in the bunker and once at the
Baxter building. She was just checking up on me and I had to lie about the bunker thing,
telling her I was just at the Chikara dojo.
We chatted for awhile until she hung up, telling me she had to go. It was gooey and romantic,
but I liked it just the same.
At around 9 in the night I returned home and ate. I told Ben and May I was going to be
putting in more hours at the Baxter building from now on and they understood, though May
was a little reluctant.

At around 11, when I knew they wouldn't disturb me, I swung out into the city as Spider-man,
I still had a job to do after all.
As I swung down Hell's kitchen I stopped by Matt Murdock's place. The rookie lawyer had
now made a name for himself and his firm with the handling of the GST case. Of course he
wasn't allowed to represent the state, that was the DA's job, but he did get credit for bringing
in the evidence to the case.
I swung by his house and noticed him sitting in his living room reading a book. He paused
for a moment and turned out the window. I guess his hearing was so good he could hear my
heartbeat from across the street.
He waved at me and I waved back, though I later realized that was a stupid thing to do when
dealing with a blind man.
I stopped a ATM robbery and two muggings that night. And just when I was about to call it a
night I saw a figure in a black track suit running towards the banking district.
I rolled my eyes, 'so that's what she was busy with,' I swung by and landed before her, "heya
Cat! Fancy running into you here!"
"Great, you again," Black Cat sighed, "seriously man, you are totally bumming my style.
Can't a girl rob rich people blind in peace in this town?!"
"Well...no," I shrugged, "anyway, how about instead of being a thief tonight and me stopping
you and you eventually getting away, we skip the whole deal and get something to eat? I'm
hungry and I doubt you had something this late in the night."
Cat snorted, "hate to break it to you Spider, but I have a boyfriend."
I gasped in surprise, "really? You? You don't...you don't seem the type," my acting must be
Oscar worthy cause she bought it.
Black Cat shrugged, "I didn't think I was either, but...well, things change."
"Ah, is it that hero guy who saved your life? I remember mentioning him before," I scratched
my head, "never did get his name."
"And you're never going to," she narrowed her eyes dangerously, "and who I'm dating is of
none business of yours!"
I rolled my eyes, lady you have no idea, "well okay sheesh, just curious. So have you told
him yet? About," I pointed at her costume up and down.
"No, of course not!" she hissed, "I'm not stupid! He would freak out!"
I shrugged, "I don't know, from what you told me he seems like a pretty sweet guy. Plus I
mean, starting a relationship with secrets is….well it's not healthy. Trust me. My girlfriend is
awesome, but she likes to hide things."

"Wait, you have a girlfriend?" Cat sounded surprised.
"Yup! What? You think with a body like this I didn't have one?" I laughed.
"So...is she like a spider or something?"
I blinked, "ah...no, she's human."
"Really? Does she live in Canada?" she teased.
I sigh, "why would I lie about having a girlfriend to one of my arch rivals?"
"I'm your archrival?"
"Well it's either you or Electro. Honestly I'm glad you're the closest thing I have to an arch
rival, I do not need that kind of stress in my life."
Cat hummed as she leaded on the roof, "so...you think I should tell him?"
I nodded as I stood next to her, "definitely. My girl tried to hide something from me and I
found out. I think she thinks I would freak out, but I honestly didn't care, it was part of the
reason I liked her. But I don't want to push it, we're just starting out and I don't want to
seem….pushy?"
"So you know her secret, but you're just acting dumb?" Black Cat asked.
"Yup. I want her to trust me enough to tell me off her own accord, only then can our
relationship move."
"Does she know about...well, the whole super hero thing?"
"Nope," I chuckled.
"Then why don't you tell her? If you want your relationship to mature can't you just tell her
your secret and push her to reveal hers?"
"Not really, I know her secret Cat and I accept that. But….but I don't know how she'll react to
me dressing up and fighting crime. Honestly I don't want to lose her."
Cat gave me an understanding smile as she rubbed my hand, "give it time. I'm sure she'll
come around."
"And you? Are you going to tell your boy toy who you really are?"
"I...I think so," she shook her head, "not right now but soon. We just started going out
yesterday and I...I don't want to scare him off."
"Well whatever you do I hope you succeed. Oh, and one more thing," I grabbed her hand
currently trying to pick one of my pockets, "please don't try to rob me while we're having an
emotional moment, it's really a dick move."

"He-he, sorry Spider, old habit," she got on the building ledge and threw a grapple line
across, swinging away, "see you Spider!" she cried out as she swung away.
I sighed, I should probably stop her or something, but there is no way in hell I'm sending my
own girlfriend into jail! So for tonight I guess she gets a free pass.
For the next month or so this was my life.
School was the one normal part of my life, which also made it the most boring. I managed to
get around that though by making out with Felicia as much as I could. She and I almost got
caught several times, but that just made things all the more exciting.
Nat began to really tighten the screws on me during training. I had to memorize that manual
in a week's time and the learn to forget or ignore certain parts as the need arises. Most were
easy to remember, it mostly involved not acting like an idiot while on missions.
Nat also began to teach me different forms of fighting, starting with karate, the simplest form,
according to her at least. While my kendo training did help with the basics, I had to learn of
new techniques in a short while. Difficult to do, but I was willing to put in the time.
She kicked my ass every day and slowly I was learning to spot the weak points in her attacks,
at least the ones she let me find.
She also started to drill me on other fields of knowledge I would need to know, like fashion,
current world news, reality TV shows and even art criticism. I would need to blend in while
on missions, you will never know when even the most basic of information might end up
saving lives.
I did however have time to lean back and relax. Felicia and I texted constantly, at one point
Nat broke my phone because I wasn't focusing on her lecture. I had to buy a new phone and
promise never to use it while training.
But that didn't stop us from growing closer. Whenever I could I spent time with her,
sometimes she almost felt suffocated and needed her own space, but I understood. She wasn't
used to these feelings, so I took it slowly.
She didn't tell me she was the Black Cat yet, I guess that is to be expected after all we have
just been dating for a month or so. I think there was one ot two times she was considering it,
but I can't be too sure of that.
Other than Felicia I had no personal life, MJ did talk to me when she could, but she usually
just spent most of her time with her new boyfriend, who I think is starting to realise having a
girlfriend isn't all fun and games. Whatever, it's Osborn's problem now.
At the Baxter building I finally started to get into my own research. I brought the arc reactors
and drone parts I stole and put them in my lab. I kept them hidden and out of sight, the FF
didn't need to learn about these just yet.

I began experimenting with them, working on how to improve them. It took me some time
before I fully understood how each system worked and to be honest I was both impressed and
horrified at Peter's intelligence, the kid understood something the smartest men in the world
had trouble figuring out, sure he had an actual model, but still, impressive and scary.
I also began researching into Electro's blood. The blood was an amazing conductor of
electricity, I used the FF's advanced tools to do a thorough analysis of the blood and found
what made it tick.
I have a theory, first Max, Electro's real name, was flash frozen to extremely low
temperatures and then electrocuted, turning his entire body into a superconductor of some
kind. But you see what happened next kept him alive, as each and every mitochondria in his
body became supercharged, allowing it to adapt to the immense amount of power pushed into
him.
How the last part happened was anyone's guess, personally I think he was bite by a
radioactive eel, but that's just my theory. Which actually might be true on some level.
I managed to analyze the mitochondria in his cells and figure out just made makes it tick,
allowing me an idea on how to use this blood to improve on Stark's arc reactor. These days
people use artificially created mitochondria to power nanobots. But I figured out what I need
to change in a mitochondria to make it similar to the ones Elector has in his blood.
It took me all month to figure that out, I had to get Reed's help with a few of the formula's,
but luckily he had more than enough time to help me out.
By the end of November I had created a superconductive liquid that could store electricity
and absorb it at will. It was like creating Electro's blood in a test tube, however it was black. I
took to calling it 'Parker Blood', having Sue patenting this new type of energy transfer
system.
Usually we would use wires to transfer electricity, but now I could use Parker Blood to do it
five times fates without having the material heating up. It was perfect for a system, simply
use a fiber cable and fill it with Parker Blood and boom, the transfer speeds were five times
faster than Fiber Optics cable.
When I should my invention to Sue and the rest they were impressed.
"Peter, you are amazing!" Sue grabbed me into a big hug, "this thing is going to make us
rich!"
"Sis sometimes I think you only care about cash," Johnny snorted.
"Well someone has too! We need funding don't we?!" Sue yelled before turning to me and
smiling, "but seriously Peter, this is amazing, we can actually sell this for public
consumption! If I can get Google on the phone I'm sure they would be bidding through their
teeth to get a piece of this new tech!"
I smiled, "thanks Sue, but ah, before that, do you think we can like patent it?"

"Of course we will, don't worry about it, damn, 15 and already have two patent's under your
name," Sue smiled turning to Reed, "remember when that was us?"
Reed smiled, "what are you talking about? I'm still that impressive."
"Right," Sue rolled her eyes before turning to me, "alright Peter, I'll get right on this. Also
here, I almost forgot to give you this," she handed me a check and I blinked looking at it.
"T-ten thousand?!" I squeaked looking at the check, "is this the money for the SA?"
"No, this is your monthly allowance," Sue smiled, "did you honestly forget we're actually
paying you?"
I nodded, "kinda yeah."
"Ha! That's rich!" Johnny chuckled, "anyway sis you haven't told him about the deal with
Amazon yet."
"Alright already! I'm getting to it!" Sue huffed, "anyway Peter, the deal with Amazon went
through, we got them to accept the SA as a more advanced version of the Kindle, we did have
to make a few modifications to it, but it shouldn't be too different."
I shrugged, "it's cool. So? What's the deal?"
"Well the Baxter building was given 2 million for the rights of manufacturing and you will
get 5% of every SA ever sold as royalty checks."
"How much are they going to sell it for?" I asked curiously.
"Around a 1,000 dollars," she smiled.
I whistled, "damn, that's like 50 bucks in my pocket for every SA sold."
"Yup! So use the money wisely Spider, don't grow a big ego you here?" Sue warned with a
wink, quickly getting on the phone with her patent lawyer to talked about Parker Blood.
I was grinning ear to ear that night when I went home. Ben and May were curious as to why,
I had cashed in the check Sue gave me and dropped ten grand on the table starting them both.
Ben had actually gotten scared thinking I had robbed an ATM or something.
I just laughed and told him the truth, and after a call to Sue Storm just to be sure, they hugged
me and whispered they were proud.
I made them take the money to pay for the bills that were piling up in the mail. They refused
of course like the nobel people they were, they insisted I use the money for my college funds
or something similar, but I was just as stubborn as them, and maybe a little more so.
I had to tell them about the royalty checks Amazon would give me to finally get them to
agree to take the cash. That night Ben told me in private how things were barely holding

together at home and how the cash I gave them would really turn things around. May didn't
want to admit it, but Ben knew what had to be done.
So with that done I finally began to make myself a proper costume for myself. Don't get me
wrong, the jacket was perfect and all, but it was still just a jacket. If I was going to fight
crimes and people I needed to become better.
So I used the tech I had on hand to make myself a new costume.
I got a SHIELD tactical suit from the armoy in the bunker, with Natasha's permission of
course. It was made of a polymer blend with ten layers of treated composite materials, it
provided a state-of-the-art ballistic protection, plus it came in black!
I then created a miniature arc reactor of my own design, it's body shape hexagonal instead of
circular and it's internal wiring system replaced with Parker Blood, it caused the reactor to
glow black, but it also allowed me to reduce the size of the machine to just three inches of
height.
I attached wires of PB to the reactor and spread them across the suit like lines on a circuit
board. Since of course they were just wires and could easily break on impact,so I added a
layer of red cloth of the same polymer blend over the wires that was semi-transparent.
When the arc reactor was active the wire glowed on the red surface, it looked like a giant
black web. It spread from the chest all the way down to my arms, upper back, around my hip
and along the side of my legs. The Parker Blood wires were like a circulatory system for the
suit, glowing black with energy transferred around the whole suit.
It really did look like the classic Spider-man costume, expect with black and red instead of
red and blue.
I also decided my web shooters needed an upgrade. They were great as they were, but I
needed them to be more powerful, to do more. I also needed to add in the repulsor technology
into them and that would be a challenge.
I put in more features into the web shooters, made the range of webbing I could fire out much
larger. I also worked in a way to create a thick blanket of webbing, which I could use as
insulation in case I ever fought someone who I couldn't touch directly.
I then went a little mad, adding in more and more additions to the shooters. A cartridge I
could throw like a grenade, webbing that won't ever tear, and even a laser guided web bullet
that could fly over a 100 feet.
But the shooter began to become too heavy and clunky, I couldn't fit all these new changes
around my wrist alone, so instead of just a wrist band I decided to do a full gauntlet instead.
It was actually based off the drones robotic design. I designed the gauntlets to go around my
fore arms and carry inside it spare web carriages that would automatically switch when an old
one ran out. Sort of like a machine gun changing rounds automatically.

I also left a lot of empty room inside the gauntlet, so that I could one day add more
interesting features to it. Right now I had a small computer inside that acted like a phone,
GPS, navigation, google, the works. I had an SA to serve as the screen and a small key pad
underneath it. It wasn't much, but it would do for now.
The gloves were attached to the gauntlet and were made of a polymer similar to my suit. I
attached knuckles bracer on it, it would give my punches an extra oomph. I also attached a
small repulsor in the palm of my hand, strong enough to be used as weapons. Sorry Tony, I
might have to rip you off.
The gauntlets were silver, breaking away from the whole Black and Red colour scheme I had
on hand. I knew I had to find a way to hide these in plain sight, so I made it such that they
fold into themselves into the size of two large smart phones and be hidden away in the
stretching of my bag if need be.
I thought of sticking repulsor to the bottom of my feet as well but they were just too big and
clunky. I needed my speed and balance as Spider-man, and sticking two large disks under my
feet would throw me off balance. So sadly Spider-man wouldn't be able to fly any time soon.
I then moved onto my mask. While the cloth mask was classic and all that it was also kind of
stupid. I was swinging through the city on a rope at near terminal velocity, one mistake and
I'm flying towards the ground and if I'm not careful that could mean my head gets split open
like a coconut.
So I decided it would be best if I made a helmet instead. It was actually something Johnny
helped me with, when it came to things that involved cars he was the best. He helped create a
helmet that could be collapsed into half it's size without losing its structural integrity.
I made the helmet smooth and all encompassing. I added the nightvision goggles I stole from
Rhino and his crew into it, figured it would be useful later on. I still had a lot of upgrades I
could make, but for now this was perfect.
When not in use the helmet would collapse into a face mask that could then expand around
my head to form a helmet that fit perfectly. I even made the surface out of alternate hue
panels that could change colours on command, so when not is use it would look ordinary, but
while I had it turned on, it would become red with black web lines covering its surface.
I was finished working on the costume in the middle of December. I put it up on display in
my lab at the Baxter building and sighed, there were so many things I could adat into it, but I
would need to be patient, I didn't have the tech yet.
Just then the doors opened up and Sue walked up. "Hey Peter, I wanted to talk about the PB
patent, I-" she stopped noticing my suit hanging on the wall. She whistled, "so this is what
you and Johnny were working on."
"Yup," I sighed as I checked the gauntlets one more time, collapsing them before turning
them back to normal, I really had to be sure they worked when I needed.

"He wasn't kidding, this is ingenious," Sue examined the suit, "you sure Stark won't mind you
ripping of his tech?"
I shrugged, "it's not technically his. With the addition of the PB unit it's a completely
different machine altogether. The arc reactor might be similar to Stark's, but I don't really
think he would sue me over that."
"Whatever you say Pete," Sue said further examining the suit.
"So Sue, did you need something?" I asked.
"Oh, right, it's about the PB patent, I managed to streamline it and people have began to take
notice. I kept your name out of the spot light for as long as I could, but if we are going to go
public with this you might garner a little attention."
I shrugged, "it's fine. I can handle it. Anything else?"
"No, just sign these," Sue handed me a couple of documents before turning back to the suit,
"mind if I take a look at the specs for the suit Peter? It's very...interesting."
"Sure, knock yourself out, you know my terminal's password?" I asked her looking over the
patent documents.
"Yup," she quickly began to look through my notes. Sometimes I forget she's as bit the
scientist Reed and I are. She is always forced to take up the business side of thing I rarely see
her actually behave like a scientist and experimenting with new stuff. But I guess that's life,
you don't always get what you want.
Just then my phone buzzed. Curious I picked it up and found a message from an unknown
number. I opened it up and read;
Peter,
This is Norman Oborn, Harry's father. I would like to invite you and the rest of the Baxter
Foundation to Oscorp's annual Christmas party. I assure you you will regret it if you don't.
Many of my notable scientist will be attending and can be a learning experience for you.
You are each allowed to bring one guest to this event. But note this isn't just a party, I will
also be using this stage to announce Oscorp's yearly goals for the next year, I'm sure your
scientific mind is curious to see the amazing new possibilities my company has to offer.
Please reply with your answer within the week. The party will be held the day before
Christmas eve.
Thanking you,
Norman Osborn,
CEO of Oscorp

Man this guy was narcissistic, he mention it was his company and his achievements like five
times!
I didn't want to go, obviously I didn't. But...if Osborn's up to something I need to find out
what. I told Sue about the invitation and she told me straight off she and the others won't be
coming. That man was dangerous and the FF couldn't be seen working with him.
I agreed, but since I wasn't a member of the Fantastic Four I wasn't bound by the same
limitations. So I accepted the invite. I had a few days before the party, so until then I could
prepare for anything.
Something felt off about this party, and I knew Spider-man would be needed. Hm...maybe I
should ask Felicia if she wants to go?
I hope you all enjoyed that. Yes, he is getting a new costume. A supped up version of the
Superior Spider-man costume. Also yes, finally they went on a date. A real date.
Also, next chapter will be a little...steamy. So leave some kudos if you want me to post it
today you horny bastards!

Chapter 11: A Christmas Nights Dream
"So what's this play about?" Felicia asked for like the hundredth time.
"Love and how complicated it can be," I told her as we waited outside our school auditorium
doors, waiting for them to open so that we could finally get out of the cold. It was late
December now and snow was falling freely. Felicia was shivering, guess he didn't expect to
wait out here for so long.
"Here, you seem cold," I told her as I handed her my jacket.
"Well aren't you a romantic," she grinned pulling my coat closer, "hm, smells like cinnamon.
You sure you don't want it?"
I smiled, "no, it's fine. I'm warm enough."
"Well you are hot blooded," she grumbled pulling down her shirt collar to reveal hickies,
"you couldn't have shown some restraint?"
I blushed, "sorry, you make the cutest moans, I couldn't help it."
"Perv," she hissed but I couldn't hear any malice in her tone. She snuggled closer to me and
sighed, "I'm sorry about the Oscorp party thing."
"No, it's cool, I understand," I whispered rubbing her shoulder, Felicia evidently didn't want
to spend time in a stuck up party with high society douchebags and nerds. Her words, not
mine. But I understood her frustrations so I didn't really pressure her.
"So what role is Red playing?" Felicia asked.
"Helena," I replied, in the end MJ had gotten the part she wanted and had gone on to spend
two months practising the play. Harry didn't like the fact she didn't have time for him, but he
didn't really seem to complain.
But speaking off Harry he didn't seem to be around, I kept looking around but couldn't find
him, strange.
Just then the doors opened and we all quickly rushed inside into the warmth inside. "Finally,"
Felicia grumbled as we took our seats near the front.
We waited patiently for the show to begin, I told her what the play was about since English
wa never her favorite subject.
When the play began I was surprised to find the kids actually had some talent in acting. And
when MJ came out I was swept off my feet, she didn't miss a single word of dialog, her
pronunciation was perfect. I knew she would be great one day, but now she did the rest of the
world.

When the play was over Felicia and I went on stage to meet the cast. The other actors had
many people come up to them and praise them, but MJ didn't have anyone, which again was
strange. Where the fuck was Harry Osborn?!
"Hey Red, you were amazing," Felicia said with a smile as she handed MJ a bouquet of roses.
"Thanks Felicia," MJ smiled happily, "it means so much to me you guys came!"
"Yeah, where's Flash and his goon patrol? I expected to see him," Felicia asked bluntly, I had
to facepalm, really subtle there Kitten.
"They ah, they couldn't make it, did-did you guys see Harry there in the seats? He said he
would be here," MJ asked, looking sad.
"Ah, no," I smiled, "don't worry, I'm sur he would be here if he could. You were amazing MJ,
really."
"Thanks Tiger," she smiled, "and it's all thanks to you."
"What? What did I do?"
"If you hadn't convinced me to take part in it I never would," she smiled, "and you helped me
practise for the lines, otherwise I would never never gotten this role," she stepped forward
and pulled me into a hug, "thanks Tiger."
"Oh stop it, you're making me blush," I laughed as I hugged her back, "plus it's not all me.
You put in the work MJ, if you didn't you wouldn't have done shit. If you did well today it's
because of you, not me."
"T-thanks," MJ said blushing.
"Alright stop with the sappy stuff," Felicia said with a guarded smile, "he's my boyfriend
Red, not yours."
"Oh, are you jealous Kitten?" I asked wrapping one arm around her waist.
"No," she growled, removing my hand, "I'll see you both later, after you've finished making
out."
She walked away and I sighed. I turned to MJ and smiled sadly, "sorry about that, I don't
think she likes it when I tease her."
MJ smiled back, "oh it's fine Tiger, go get her. I have to call up my boyfriend and listen to
whatever excuses he comes up with this time. Honestly that boy," suddenly a few more
people came up to congratulate her, "Jean! Robb! You guys came!"
I quietly slipped away and ran out to catch up with Felicia, "Kitten wait!"
"Ah, are you done flirting?" Felicia shot back as she walked through the snow covered
parking lot.

"Flirting? What are you talking about?! I was just congratulating her!" I argued.
"Yeah, sure, whatever you want, Tiger," she spat back.
"Felicia wait," I grabbed her hand and pulled her to me. She tried to break free but I didn't let
her, she needed to understand. "Listen Kitty MJ's my friend okay, and I'll admit I did like her,
but not any more. Not until the moment I meet you."
Felicia looked away, "I don't want to hear it."
"Hey, look at me," I turned her face towards me, "I'm not leaving you and I'm certainly not
replacing you with anyone else, least of all with MJ, got that?"
"Yeah," she looked away, embarrassed to meet my gaze.
I sighed and looked up, "tomorrow's Christmas eve right?"
"Yeah," her voice was muffled as she spoke through my chest.
"Hm...well, I was going to wait until tomorrow to give you this, but..." I reached into my
pocket and pulled out a small black disk.
Felicia looked at it and blinked, "what is it?"
I clicked the center button and a holographic photo of us was displayed, "I made it in the
Baxter Building. I know we just started dating, so expensive gifts were off the table,
but...well I figured you would like something more thoughtful."
Felicia looked at the hologram, it was us when we went on our first date in the movie theater.
She smiled and turned to me, "I'm sorry, it's just...I never did this before. You're the first
serious boyfriend I have and sometimes it feels like I'm slipping away from you. You're
always working, we barely get to spend any time together and..."
"Hey, I'm new to this whole relationship thing too, we'll take it one step at a time okay?" I
told her planting a kiss on her cheek, "Merry Christmas Kitten."
She took the gift and smiled, "Merry Christmas Tiger," she then kissed me back on the lips. I
dropped her off at her house and then went home to get ready. It was time for the Oscorp
party, and I was going stag tonight.
I was wore the same suit I wore to Homecoming, it was after all an Oscar party, high class
and all that shit. However I wasn't going unarmed. I wore my Spiderman costume underneath
my suit, I switched off the arc reactor making the suit seem more like a one piece thermal
wear than a superhero costume.
I had my mask hidden inside my suit jacket in its inactive flat board form and the gauntlets
were hidden up my sleeve.
I took a cab to Oscorp towers, when I reached I noticed people were already gathered, all
dressed in expensive looking clothing, walking into the large tower like they were about to

visit the mall. But then again Norman did say he was going to make an announcement today,
so it might be kind of like a shopping spree for the wealthy.
I got in with little hassle, I had to show the text Norman sent me as proof of invitation along
with a driver's licence. I stepped into the lift with a beautiful blonde woman and her date,
they pressed the button for the top floor, guess that's where I'm going as well.
The elevator opened up revealing a high class ball room with people filling it up by the
second. I walked in and slowly moved to the corner not trying to draw attention to myself. I
looked around, there was food being served near the back, waiters with snacks and drinks, a
band playing soft classical music off to one corner and in the center a large circular structure
of some kind that was covered by a cloth.
It was obvious the hidden machine was what everyone was here for, but I couldn't sneak in
and get a look underneath, too many guards around it keeping a watchful eye. I could cause a
distraction, but I doubt something other than Iron Man dropping in could surprise them. I
could ask Johnny to show off, but Sue told me the FF had to stay out of the public eye when
it came to people like Osborn.
I was fucked and I knew it. I had to sit here and wait. I looked around, I recognized some of
these people, the mayor of NY was here, so was the DAY, a few police captains judging by
the uniforms, a handful of celebrities that I knew and I'm sure many more I didn't, and even
the occasional scientist that were out of place, since they were nerds and had no fashion
sense...like me.
I was about to just walk around and get something to eat when I spotted Harry off in the
distance with Flash by his side. They were discussing something, I was just about to run and
hide when Flash looked up and immediately spotted me.
"Parker!" Flash smiled, he pointed at me and Harry quickly spotted me too, great, just great.
They both quickly walked up to me with matching grins. Fuck me.
"Osborn, Flash," I nodded at them, "I suppose I would find you here."
"Yo Peter, how did you here?" Harry asked in surprise.
"Your father gave me an invitation," I told him, "he said I would be interested in some kind of
announcement."
"Oh, right, of course he did," Harry grumbled.
"This party's kind of lame though," Flash growled, "we can't get any beer and the adults are
so boring!" Just then a supermodel passed by and all three of us watched her pass by, "but ah,
it is important."
I rolled my eyes, "sure it is," I turned to Harry, "why did you come to MJ's play?"
Harry blinked, "oh shit, that was today wasn't it?!"
I nodded, "yup."

"Oh man I'm in so much trouble! I couldn't help it, my dad wanted me around her to set this
whole thing up!"
I shrugged, "don't care Osborn, but I suggest you call her up and tell her that."
Harry sighed, "yeah, I'll do that Pete, thanks."
"You know Harry, didn't your dad mention something about seeing him in Peter showed up?"
Flash asked.
"What? He did?" Harry asked in surprise.
"Yeah, remember he told us to bring Peter to him when he arrived? He told you like ten
minutes ago."
"Oh, right, you're right. Come on Peter, let's go," Harry sounded even more defeated now.
Was he trying to hide the fact that Norman wanted to see me? Why? Because...because
Norman likes me and always compares Harry to me. Of course he wouldn't want me to meet
him and give more reasons for Norman to push him down.
We walked into the heart of the crowd with Harry leading the way. Flash and I followed him
the people there spared us a single glance before dismissing us, good, not many of them
know of me yet, or else this would be troublesome.
We reached Norman who was currently talking to the couple I was in the elevator with. By
his side was another couple, a short man of average build and messy brown hair and my his
side a woman around his age that looked kind. The man looked familiar, but I couldn't quite
put my finger on it.
"Father, Peter's here," Harry spoke softly.
Norman turned to us and glared at his son for interrupting his conversation, but once his eyes
landed on me they were full of joy.
"Ah Peter! Glad you could make it, please come," he dragged me forward, dismissing Flash
and Harry off. They looked reluctant to leave but one glare from Norman ensure they ran
with their tails behind their legs, fucking cowards.
"Connor, Natalie, Otto, Rosey, may I introduce this young man Peter Parker," Norman
showed me off like a proud parent, putting his arm on my shoulder, "he's a friend of my son's
from school and only recently I learnt of his amazing talents in the field of science."
I froze at the name Otto, Otto Octavius, the man who became Peter Parker's most feared
enemy right behind Norman Osborn himself. He was the short man holding hands with
Rosary, I saw matching wedding bands, she was his wife, which means….fuck...the events of
Spider-man 2!
"So Peter, interested in science are you?" Otto asked with a genuine smile, "tell me, what's
your favorite field?"

"I-I," I gulped, "I don't really have one. I just follow what interests me at the moment."
"Oh, and what would that be?"
I thought it over for a moment before answering, "alternate sources of energy."
"Ah, there you have certainly come to the right place," Conner, an older man with grey hair
whose date looked young enough to be his daughter, though judging by where his hand was I
highly doubt that.
"I'm sorry, what do you mean?" I asked, feigning ignorance. I knew the reason of course,
Otto Octavius was trying to create an new source of energy, and he would do it by creating a
miniature sun. That giant machine hidden under sheets must have been his experiment,
meaning he was going to perform it now!
"Well you see my husband here is the leading scientist on that field," Rosey said patting
Otto's shoulder, "and tonight he's going to change the world by creating the first source of
clean energy."
I raised an eyebrow, "I think Stark already has you beat on that front."
Otto laughed, "true, Stark's arc reactor can power one of his suits, but my experiment can
power an entire city."
I raised an eyebrow, "how?"
"Well now Peter you'll just have to wait and see," Otto said winking.
I snorted, "yeah, I don't think so, not the patient type, let's see," I looked over at the hidden
machine and started to recall anything and everything Peter ever read about Otto Octavius.
"You did your doctorate on the process of nuclear fusion fusion happening in the heart of
stars and how one can create such a reaction without a large amount of capital mass. You did
other things of course, gave several different contributions to the fields of mechanics and
biotech, but...stars have always been your go to research subject. Five years about Osborn
hired you and you have been working for him ever since...clean energy was it? You're...you're
making a miniature star."
Their faces were ones of shock. Otto himself looked like he was going to have a heart attack,
Norman was the only one who smiled like the cat that caught the canary.
"Told you he was clever," Osborn beamed.
"H-how do you know that?!" Otto asked.
"Educated guess," I shrugged, "you want clean energy, you study nuclear fusion in stars, put
two and two together and boom."
"Peter, would you like a job?" Rosey asked.
I shook my head, "thanks ma'am, but I already have one."

"What? Where?!" Conner asked.
"The Baxter Building."
Otto's chuckled, "that actually makes sense. My word, how didn't you notice him before
Osborn? He would have made an amazing addition to my team!"
"Alas that will always be my greatest regret," Osborn sighed, "well I'll leave you two and
Peter to talk science, Conner, Nataline, would you like to get a drink?"
They left leaving me alone with Otto and his wife. I knew I shouldn't be too worried, the man
wasn't evil yet, but at the same time, he was dangerous. I knew what was going to happen, the
shields he had installed in his machine would fail and people would die...maybe I could
prevent it?
"So Dr. Octavius, tell me, what safety measures have you installed that makes sure the world
doesn't burn up in nanoseconds?" I asked.
"Well Peter you see I have four magnetic shield generators that keeps most of the heat and
magnetic bursts within control. We'll be safe."
"I see...and when the sun doubles in size? Did you account for the sudden increase in sun that
can causes an exponential increase in magnetic disturbance?"
"Excuse me?"
"Well you are going to increase the size of the sun right?" Otto nodded, "then won't the
magnetic attacks against the shield, which also increased in size? Would the shields be able to
handle the sudden stress?"
"I..." Otto trailed off, I could practically see the math running in his head. He suddenly
stopped turning pale, "no...it wouldn't!"
"Otto?" Rosey asked.
"Rosey we need to change the settings, now! The entire system will fail if we don't!" Otto
immediately ran off without another word. Rosey looked between me and her husband before
giving a short apology and going after Otto.
I smiled, crysis hopefully averted. I saw Otto run up to four people, possibly his assistants,
and together they quickly ran to Osborn. They whispered something into his ear and he
looked pissed.
Osborn asked Otto why, and Otto pointed at me. Fuck. Osborn's eyes landed on me in
surprise before he nodded at Otto. Otto and his team then went under the cover of his
machine and I could see lights turning on under the sheets. I sighed, thank god.
I walked away, I so didn't need the Osborn glare right now. I walked to one corner of the
party and sighed leaning up against the wall. I wonder what Cat is doing?

I called her up, "hello?"
"Hey Kitten."
"Oh, hey Tiger. How's the party?"
"Lame. The only ones here I can talk to are Flash and Harry."
"Hm, sounds tough. Did you tell him MJ's pissed?"
"Yup."
"Did he care?"
"Not really," I sighed. We talked for a bit before Otto announced the presentation was going
to start. I had to hang up, though I promised I would call her later tonight.
Everyone all gathered around the giant machine, I stood in the back near the wash room just
in case I needed to make a quick getaway in order to change into Spider-man in case
everything still went to shit.
Otto gave his speech, about how he was going to revolutionise the world and how they saw
energy. He then brought out the arm, the four mechanical arms I hoped I would never face.
He removed his jacket revealing a white muscle shirt underneath as he attached them to his
spine.
The arms came alive, moving to his every command as he moved them around for the
amusement of the gathered people. He then brought out a glob of tritium which would fuel
his miniature star.
He took it gently with one of his arms and placed it in the center of his machine. He then
activated it and slowly nuclear fusion began to take place as a glowing ball of fire began to
grow inside the machine.
I slowly edged away towards the bathroom, but so far it looked like everything was alright.
He must have taken my advice to heart. I looked at the shields, they looked perfect.
The sun rotated on it's axis for minutes on end, people took pictures upon pictures. And at the
ten minute mark Otto switched the machine off, turning the sun back into the ball of tritium it
came out of.
I sighed in relief, everyone clapped, it all went off without a hitch. And best of all? Otto won't
end up a supervillain. Thank God or whoever the fuck was the equivalent of God in this
universe.
The party then returned to its festivities, people were talking excitedly. I decided maybe it
was best I left, now that I knew Otto would be okay.
But before I could leave Osborn and Otto intercepted me.

"Peter, do you know what done?" Osborn asked.
"Ah...prevented a city wide disaster?" I asked.
"That, and made sure my life's work wasn't destroyed, who knows what could have
happened!" Otto exclaimed.
"Yes, we'll be sure to discuss your...mistake in detail Otto," Osborn hissed at him before
turning to me, "this is the third time I find myself in your dept Peter. And this time I will not
take no for an answer, here."
He handed me his phone and I saw a munch of stock details, it was his company's stock and it
was rising in profit. "Congratulations," I told him, "what does this have to do with me?"
"This is one percent stock in my company Peter, as of five minutes ago it has been credited to
you."
My eyes went wide, "rich man says what now? Mr. Osborn I can't take this!"
"I suppose you don't really understand how much money you made me," Osborn laughed,
"you really are a miracle worker Mr. Parker. Trust me, this is the least I can do."
I didn't know what to say, "thanks?"
"My pleasure, now if you'll excuse me," he quickly left leaving me and Otto alone.
"Now I'm really disappointed in Osborne, if he had only recognized your genius a few days
sooner," Otto sighed, "but enough of that. You have done my a great service Peter, I just
know one day it'll be me coming to see your latest invention. I look forward to that day, if
you need anything from me, please, just ask."
We spoke for a little while longer, I really was curious about his technology and how it
worked. He gave me the basic details of it, and when I asked him about the mechanical arms
he admitted they were more a side project than anything. Heck, he hadn't even patented them
yet. Too much of a hassall.
I bide him farewell and left the party. I got an idea, if Doc Ock was never going to exist, and
Otto didn't really care for the mechanical arms, maybe I should take a swing at them?
The idea of having four extra sets of limbs certainly was interesting. Maybe two can shoot
out web lines and swing across the city line? Maybe I could use the other two as an extra set
of hands? Oh the possibilities were endless!
I went downstairs and was about to hail a cab when my phone buzzed. I looked at the contact,
it was Felicia.
"Hello?"
"Tiger...can you come over?" she sounded nervous. Why?

"Yeah, sure. What's up?" I got into a cab and gave Felicia's address.
"I...I need to tell you something."
I blinked, was she finally going to tell me about her other identity? "I'll be there as soon as I
can."
I quickly arrived at her place and got into the elevator. I was nervous, I had my costume
underneath my suit, if she was going to show herself to me then...maybe it's time I tell her
about me.
I knocked on her door and she called out, "it's open! Come on and lock it behind you!"
I did as she said, locking the door behind me. I came into her place once before while picking
her up from a date. I never met her mom though, it seems like she was never there to begin
with.
"Kitten? Is everything okay?" I asked.
"Yeah, just...come in," she called from her bedroom.
I pushed the door open and found myself in an empty room. I walked in and closed the door
behind me. "Kitten? Where are you?" I saw something move behind me, I turned around and
gasped seeing her dressed up in her full Black Cat costume.
"I...remember the first time we spoke? About how the names we pick are the truest measure
of who we really are?" Felicia removed the domino mask, "this is who I am Peter. My name
is the Black Cat and...I'm a thief."
I looked at her for a few seconds, she grew nervous at my silence. And then I smiled, I went
up to her and pushed her against the wall kissing her with all my will.
Felicia pressed her hands against my chest in surprise at first but slowly leaned into the kiss.
When we finally stopped she looked at me, "what was that?"
"That was for finally telling me," I smiled.
She looked shocked, "you knew?! How?!"
I smiled, "because Cat, you're not the only one with a secret," I took off my jacket and
unbuttoned my shirt revealing a red and black uniform underneath. I slammed my hand on
my chest, activating the arc reactor, causing the black webs to appear over the red of my
costume, and the spider to take center piece.
She gasped as she meet my eyes, I grabbed the mask hidden in my suit pocket and activated
it, snapping the helmet around my head, "hey Cat."
"Peter, you're...you're," she looked at me like she was seeing a ghost.

"Told you I had a girlfriend," I smirked deactivating the mask and putting it aside, "like the
new costume? The jacket was cool and all, but I felt like I needed an upgrade."
"You're Spider-man?!" she gasped.
"Yup, though ah keep it down, it is supposed to be a secret identity," I chuckled.
"You-you, how could you not tell me?!" she yelled.
"How could you no tell me you were the Black Cat?" I simply asked.
"I-, you knew?! You knew I was the Black Cat?!" she asked.
"Yup."
"Since when?!"
"I had a suspicion the moment you walked into the class for the first time. You ah, you left
quite an impression me the first time we meet, in costume that is. You looked so damn
beautiful, especially those eyes, I don't think I'll ever forget your eyes. And when I saw you
as Felicia Hardy I thought you might be the Black Cat. It wasn't until we talked did I know
for sure."
"But I," she gaped, "you ass! You complete and utter ass! Why didn't you tell me?!"
"I already told you Kitten, remember? That night when you complained to Spider-man you
were worried about me? I told you I had a girlfriend who's secret I knew and I wanted to wait
until she trusted me enough to tell me herself."
"I thought you were talking about her cheating on you or something! Not this!" Felicia
gawked, "this makes so much sense. The flirty behaviour when we were both in masks, the
jokes, the inappropriate touching-"
"-Hey I didn't touch you inappropriately!"
"Yes you did," she rolled her eyes, "you must have pinned em to the ground at least ten times
while in costume."
"Well...that was because I was trying to stop you from stealing," I shrugged, "sue me, I didn't
want my girlfriend to go to jail."
"And if I did?"
"I won't let them," I growled as wrapped my arms around her, "you're mine Felicia Hardy,
ain't nobody's going to take you away from me."
"You noble bastard," she whispered in a husky voice, jumping on me, wrapping her legs
around my body

I moved back on her bed, lying down with her on top of me. Her fingers ran down the back of
my costume, trying to find the zip. She broke the kiss and growled, "take it off, now."
I raised an eyebrow, "someone's impatient."
She grabbed my mouth and bit my lips, "you're damn right I am. It's time I did something I
should have done a long time ago….Spider."
I took off my pants in a hurry and threw my shoes across the room. I then activated my suit's
delocking function causing it expand two sizes bigger allowing Felicia to pull it right off with
no restraint.
She ran her fingers down my abs, "these muscles, I should have guessed."

I won't do this again but ahead and throughout this story there will be sex. This isn't a
porn fic and won't become one. Don't count on another warning.

"Yeah, you should have," I grabbed her into a kiss and rolled around pinning her to the bed. I
hooked one finger around her suit's zipper and pulled it down revealing a lacey black bra
underneath.
I grabbed the track suit and threw it halfway across the room. I kissed her on the lips, slowly
going down, tracing kisses down her neck and slowly her shoulder blades.
Felicia moaned at every kiss, her body squirmed under me. I wrapped my hands around her
hips and squeezed her ass. Each time my lips met her skin it was like kissing fire, her blood
rushing, her skin flushing.
I hand went up and cupped her breasts, massaging them, Felicia moaned out, "don't stop."
And I didn't plan on it. I kissed her breasts harder, sliding one hand under her bra, feeling her
mounds properly for the first time. The tips of my fingers felt her nipples' harder, I circled
them, flicking it gently.
I pulled the bra up releasing her breasts, they were perky and could fit the palm of my hand,
but I knew one day they would be twice as big. I kissed her neck, slowly going down once
more to her glorious tits, one finger still teasing her left nipple.
I kissed her right breast, sucking on it long enough to form a hickey. She shuddered under
me, I could feel her legs rubbing together. I felt my own dick harden in arousal as I pressed it
against her pelvis, slowly grinding up against her.
My mouth slowly circled her left nipple, teasing her, tongue licking around, but never quite
touching the areola. She moaned in frustration and I moved, swallowing her nipple in one
gulp, likking it, sucking it.

"Don't stop," she growled again as her nails dug into my back. I felt sharp twinges of pain,
but that only fueled my lust for this silver haired goddess below me.
I growled as I pulled away from her breasts, my hands grabbing the hem of her pants and
pulling them off immediately. Felicia gasped as she crawled into her bed, I jumped in after
her.
I leaned down and kissed her, she wrapped her arms around my neck pulling me into bed.
She grabbed the covers and threw it over us, wrapping us in warmth.
"Felicia, I want you," I growled into her ear as my fingers played with her nipples and my
groin pressed against her pelvis.
"Tiger," she gasped, "oh I need you, now," her hands slipped down and curled into my shorts.
Her fingers glided South, I gasped as I felt her touch the head of my dick and try and wrap
her fingers around them.
Her eyes went wide, "woah," she looked at me in amazement.
I smiled back, "surprised?"
"Oh God yes," she slowly slid her hand further down to my base, her mouth growing wider
and wider the more time it took. When she finally did reach the end of my length she gasped,
"you're huge!"
"And just think," I whispered into her ear, "by the end of this night that's going to be inside
you." Thank you Peter Parker, it really was a mystery how he managed to hide his hung wang
while wearing spandex, but whatever, that's comic book logic for you.
She shivered in anticipation, though I knew there was a little fear in there as well. I pulled our
blanket over my head and slowly burned a trail of kisses down her body. I stayed for a hike at
her nipples, taking turns to tease and lick each one.
I then kissed her stomach, and then slowly I reached her legs. I wrapped my fingers around
the straps of her panties, a black set that matched her bra and slowly pulled them down. She
whimpered when I slid them off her legs and threw them to the side, her legs were pressed
close, she was nervous.
I took her legs and kissed her toes. She flinched in surprise as slowly I kissed her ankles, her
shin, slowly making my way down her muscular legs. Her legs loosened, I put my arm on the
other and slowly pushed them apart revealing her perfect pink lips.
"Felicia," I whispered though I knew she could hear me. I lowered down to her core, her
scent so strong it was intoxicating. I tuck my tongue out and gave a slow long lick along her
lips, "you're perfect."
"Tiger," she gasped, her hands grabbing my hair, "don't."
"No," I pushed her hands away, "mine, I'll have you Felicia Hardy in every way I know how.
Now, scream my name," I covered my lips over her clitoris and sucked on it, nibbling it

lightly.
"Peter!" she yelled as her hands pushed me deeper between her legs. I licked her entrance
before thrusting my tongue into her tunnel. I eat like a man who lived in a desert, lapping up
every drop she produced.
Felicia's body squirmed, but I held her leg down, my fingers squeezing onto her fat thighs as
I pushed her further and further. Her legs wrapped around my head, "don't stop Tiger! Kekeep going!"
I obliged, lapping at her core harder than before, my tongue roughly licking her clit over and
over. I brought up my fingers and pushed one inside, Felicia yelled in surprise, I didn't stop as
I fucked her cunt with one finger, curling it inside her, rubbing her from the inside.
And suddenly she screamed, "Peter!" she yelled as her body froze, her lips began to gush as I
smiled. I lifted my head up, the blanket thrown off to one side from her constant squirming.
I looked down at her, her arms covering her flushed face. Her breasts heaving from the
orgasms, I felt proud, powerful, as I looked down at the woman I won over. There was a
primal part of me that demanded I make her mine, and I wasn't going to deny it any longer.
"Felicia, you are mine," my voice came out like a order, "do you understand?"
She lower her arms and looked at me dead in the eyes, "y-yes."
I slapped my palms against her fat thighs and grinned, "good," I bent down and kissed her on
the lips. She gasped at the taste of her juices on my tongue abut slowly lapped it up
swallowing my saliva mixed with her own juices.
"Are you ready?" I asked her.
"Yes," she replied.
I grabbed the helm oh my boxers and stripped them off, throwing them across the room. My
dick swung up hard as a rock, standing up in salute to the woman before me. Felicia's eyes
meet it and her mouth parted in awe.
"Do you have a condom?" I asked.
"No," she whispered as she wrapped one hand around my neck and pulling me down, "I'm on
the pill, it's fine."
"Okay," I whispered as I kissed her on the lips, slowly moving my hips backwards before
lowering them to press between her legs.
"Peter," she called out.
"Yeah?" I asked.
"I love you," she said in a voice that was barely a whisper.

"I love you too," I whispered back, without hesitation.
I slowly began pushing my rock hard cock into her gushing cunt. She winced as I felt
something being pushed around my cock like a vice. "Are you okay?" I stopped and asked.
"Yes, just...slowly," she gasped.
I looked down, I spotted a hint of blood around my cock, I had just taken her virginity. I
knew it was painful, so I silenced her whimpers with a kiss, running my fingers down her
hair. Her fingers dug into my back, her legs slowly wrapped around me, she pulled back and
whispered, "go."
I sucked on her neck giving it a hickey making her focus on the pleasure instead of the pain
as I slowly moved my dick further into her lower lips.
I felt her fingers dig into my back drawing blood, I didn't mind though as I moved into her
until I felt my head hit her cervix.
Felicia gasped, "oh God!" I wasn't even all the way inside her, I still had an inch or so of my
member left. I slowly pulled out of her before sliding back in.
I slowly began to increase my pace as her pants grew louder. They were loud and
meaningless as my hands grabbed her tits, squeezing them as I bit her lips. She pulled up and
captured my lips, moaning into my mouth as I began to fuck her at a comfortable pace.
I then suddenly jerked my hips forward, smashing my cock head into her cervix. Felicia
moaned in pleasure as she broke the kiss, shoving my head into her breasts.
I took this as an invitation and began to kiss her tits, licking her nipples before playfully
biting them. I kept fucking her cunt, I could feel it contracting around my cock as she grew
tighter and tighter.
"Are you going to cum for me Kitten?" I asked her licking her nipples.
"Y-yes!" she moaned.
"Cum Kitten, come for me, scream my name, let the world know who's fucking you!" I yelled
as I grew impatient, slamming my cock into her tunnel. She gasped again and again, and then
finally she let loose.
"Oh Peter!" she yelled like a banshee, her nails scratching up my back, her legs wrapped
round my hips as she shuddered. I felt my release coming quickly as I kept smashing into her
cunt, desperate for release when it finally came, causing Felicia to whimper as my cum filled
her up.
Slowly she let go, her arms falling to the side limply, her legs folded apart besides me as I
slowly removed my dick from inside her, a trail of sperm leaking out of her cunt.
I slept down besides her, my hands wrapped around her head as I pressed her head into my
chest. I could hear her breathing slowing down, I smiled as I rubbed my hand down her

naked smooth back.
"That was amazing," she whispered.
"You were amazing," I replied.
"I...I said it didn't I? I told you...I love you," she repeated, it wasn't a question.
"Yes...do you want to take it back?" I asked in fear.
"What?! No! D-do you want me too?"
I kissed her on the lips, gently this time, "never. I love you Felicia Hardy, and more
importantly, I trust you."
Her eyes went wide, as she heard my words. I knew I couldn't tell her everything just yet,
about me not being the real Peter Parker, but other than that, it was true, I did love her. And I
did trust her.
She suddenly jumped on me straddling me as she kissed me with vigor and passion.
I broke the kiss and chuckled, "careful, keep doing that and you might wake up little Peter," I
smiled at the pun.
"As I recall little Peter isn't very little," she smiled back, "besides, I know you have limits
tiger, I really doubt-" she stopped as I jerked my hips upwards hitting the tip of my once more
hard member against her butt. She looked down at me, "you can't be serious."
I grinned, I grabbed her ass and kneeled it like dough, "you bet your sweet ass I am."
"Again?"
I pulled her hips up and then shoved them down, my dick sliding into her entrance again.
Felicia lowered her head and whimpered, her cunt twitched around my dick, she was still
sore from the first time.
I expected her to stop me, but instead she smiled at me, "if you think you can handle me,
Tiger," she growled as she lowered her cunt down my shaft, going deep down it's length.
I growled at the challenge, grabbed her hips to direct her hips to bounce along my length. I
slammed my dick up into her. She gasped as slowly I slid in and out of her again and again.
"Merry Christmas Tiger," she gasped out as she rode my dick.
"Merry Christmas Kitten," I growled back as I fucked her into the night, all that came out of
her bed room that night was my name screamed out from the top of her lungs and the heavy
scent of sex.
Don't tell me I didn't warn you. I understand this was a short chapter, but I needed to
put down some important things. Like Otto's experiment not ending up horribly...for

now.

Chapter 12: Chapter 12: Dooms Rival
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

It was New Year's Eve. I should be out with my girlfriend jumping from building to building,
seeing New York in a way only we can. I should be introducing her to May and Ben, since
we were finally serious I figured it was time. I should then be introduced to Felicia's mom, if
she was even at home. I should be doing many different thing right now, but instead I'm here,
at work. Fuck the Fantastic Four.
"Just so you know, I hate you all," I grumbled out as we gathered around in Reed's lab.
"Oh come on Pete, would you rather be here or out there in the cold?" Johnny asked with a
sly grin.
"I would rather be with my girlfriend enjoying a wonderful night in together," I growled, "not
sitting on my ass in Reed's lab!"
"You aren't just sitting on your ass," Reed argued as he looked over several different
calculations, "you are waiting for me to show you something super important."
"Right," I grumbled, "forgot. By the way you still didn't tell us what that something is!"
"Patience is a virtue," Reed grinned.
"You try saying that when instead of doing math you could be sticking your tongue down a
hot blonde's throat!" I growled.
"Well if that's all you want I'm sue that can be arranged," Johnny threw his arm around me
wiggling his eyebrows.
I rolled my eyes, "sorry Johnny, but your sister's a bit too old for me-"
"-Hey!" Sue yelled out.
"-But thanks for suggesting it, you're a real friend," I grinned.
"Hey! That's not what I meant!" Johnny growled as flames began to form on his surface, "and
don't talk about my sister like that!"
"Oh calm down kid," Ben patted him on the back dousing Johnny's flames, "you shouldn't
be dishing it out if you can't take it."
I nodded, "yup! What he said!"
"Grr, fine," Johnny turned away folding his arms in anger.

"Oh Peter, you don't think I'm pretty?" Sue asked innocently batting her eyes.
"I never said that, I just said you were too old for me," I smiled, "I'm fifteen, I won't be legal
until another three years Sue."
She chuckled, "but really Peter, when are we going to meet this girl you're always talking
about? Felicia was it?" Sue smiled, "you really should bring her over sometime."
I shrugged, "yeah, maybe. I just need to make sure she's used to the whole the superhero
thing, she seems okay but I know that deep down she's still a little shaken up."
"Wait, what?! You told her you're Spider-Man?!" Johnny yelled out, "dude! What the hell?!"
I shrugged, "what? I like her so I told her. She knows how to keep a secret, plus it will be
weird if we continued this relationship with such a huge part of my life being kept away from
her."
"That's….very nature of you Peter," Reed admitted from his lab, "very thoughtful."
"Thanks," I smiled.
"Do you have a picture?" Ben asked.
"Oh, yeah," I took out a holographic displays and turned it on, the picture of us at the movie
theater on our first date was displayed, "ta-da."
"Woah!" Johnny whistled, "damn dude! How the hell did you score that?!"
I smiled, "simple, I'm awesome."
"She's very beautiful," Reed nodded, he noticed Sue looking at him and quickly spoke again,
"congratulations Peter."
"Treat her right kid, a girl like that is rare to have," Ben spoke grimly, from experience or
not I don't know.
"No, seriously Peter, how? How did you get someone like this?" Johnny growled, " mean
come on! I'm a freaking superhero and you're just a wimpy kid!"
I shrugged, "a wimpy kid with a charming smile."
"Yeah right!"
"Oh I don't know about that, he seems charming to me," Sue winked.
I immediately blushed, "I-I ah, thanks?"
"Yes! Pay up Reed!" Sue grinned.
"What? Oh, god dammit Peter!" Reed yelled as he took out a ten dollar note and slapped it on
Sue's outstretched hand, "would it kill you to not be so damn shy?!"

"Did you have a bet to see if She could embrace me?" I asked disbelievingly.
"Ah, no, that's not important, what is important is that I'm ready," Reed announced stepping
away from the machine he built in the middle of his lab. It was huge doorway, like three slabs
of stones creating an arch. The other side was closed, but judging by the systems and
machinery on the machine's frame it wasn't exactly a door.
"Never thought I would be seeing this thing again," Johnny sighed.
"You and me both kid," Ben growled as we all stepped up besides Reed looking at the
machine.
"So ah, to the member of the team who has no idea what's going on, can someone fill me in?"
I asked.
"This is a version of the dimensional teleporter that gave us our powers," Reed explained, "I
adjusted the settings so that we can't actually go through, just observe the world on the other
side."
"Okay...and the reason you did this is….why?" I asked curiously.
"Our powers comes from an alternate dimension," Reed explained, "but without studying that
dimension I can't tell just how this happened to us."
I whistled, "so, what are we waiting for? Fire it up!"
Reed nodded, "right." He went to the panel and began to work at the keys. Suddenly a purple
screen appeared in the doorway and I saw an image take form.
It was a barren and dead landscape that had no reason existing. The sky was dark and filled
with exploding super novas and what looked like close by planets. It looked like a universe
that was dying, and I suppose in a way it was.
"Damn, you guys went in there?" my voice was shaken, "just...damn."
"I thought the same" Ben grumbled out, "it's not a nice place."
"Wait, is this the same place we landed?" Johnny asked narrowing his eyes.
"Yes, I think it is," Sue said in surprise, her eyes widened, "look Johnny! That's your
footprint!"
She pointed at the screen and sure enough there was a human footprint on the soil. A human
footprint...in a different dimension. Yeah, this was fucking crazy.
I slowly backed away, I didn't like the fact I was just a few steps away from landing in
another world with no way to get back. A stumble and I would be lost, forever.
"Peter, are you okay?" Reed asked.

"Fine, just...don't want to risk it you know," I gulped, "one wrong move and I'm trapped in
another world."
"Relax, Reed said it's fine, you can't accidently walk into another dimension Peter," Johnny
waved off his worries.
"Technically I said I blocked the way too that dimension, but one can still receive things from
the other side, nothing solid off course, just stary forms of energy," Reed clarified.
"R-right," I gulped.
"Now, let's begin, I'm going to calibrate the machine to detect any energy signatures that
travels from the portal, Johnny can you hand me that-"
The alarms blared alive. The entire building went into security mode.
"What's going on?!" I asked.
"The scanner's picked up something coming right for us!" Sue yelled as she went to a monitor
and began typing away.
"Wait what?! What's coming at us?!" Johnny asked.
"This," Sue pulled up an image of the New York skyline. I narrowed my eyes at a flew
glowing figures flying towards us, suddenly the image zoomed in revealing the lights to be
robots dressed similar to everyone's favorite crazy dictator.
"Doom, he's coming," I narrowed my eyes, "oh fuck, he's coming for the portal!"
"Maybe," Reed began typing into the counsel attached to the portal, "I'm trying to shut it
down from here but it won't take my clearance code! Sue!"
"On it!" she yelled back as she began hacking into her own servers, "something' wrong it'sshit! He's inside and he's not letting us shut the portal off!"
"Can't we just pull the plug?!" I asked.
"No, it required too much energy to run so I put into a separate energy source that was all
digital," Reed cursed himself.
"What can we do?" Ben asked.
"It's simple," Johnny stepped up grinning as he turned on his flames, "we kick his ass!"
"Johnny's right," Sue nodded.
"He is?" Ben and I asked in surprise.
"I am?" Johnny blinked.

"Ben, Peter, Johnny, go outside and hold him off for as long as you can," Reed told us, "we'll
try and stop this portal, I'll break it apart with my bare hands if I have too! Go!"
"Right," Ben nodded as he ran out of the lab.
I pulled off my shirt and pants revealing my suit underneath. I took out my mask and placed
it on my face, the mask exploded outwards, hugging my face before snapping in place to
form a helmet. I slipped on my gauntlets and slammed my fist on my chest pieces activating
the suit as black webs crawled down it.
I reached the nearest window and jumped out, throwing a web line out to swing across the
streets towards the fast approaching squad of robots.
"Spider!" Johnny flew next to me, "you web them up I'll burn them down!"
"Deal!" I yelled back as we charged into the squad of robots.
I swung up into the air I shot out two compressed web shots that exploded into a ball of webs
the moment it hit a Doom Bot.
Johnny then sent out twin blasts of fire burning them. Two down, around 40 go to.
"Terminate with extreme prejudice," came the robotic voice of all the Doom Bots as they
began firing at us with green lasers. My spider senses with tingling, I maneuvered out of the
way quickly to avoid getting killed, landing on the back on one Doom Bot.
"Heya big guy!" I yelled placing one hand on the back of his head and one on his chest, "bye
big guy!" I jerked my fingers forward to activate the repulsors in my palms, blasting two
holes into the robot's body.
I jumped off and landed on another one, one by one I destroyed them. Just then two Doom
Bots came at from from either side, grabbing me into a their arms before they took me up
into the air.
'Shit!' I realised, they were trying to drop me from a large height! Seeing no choice I pressed
a palm on the chest of each robot and sent out a repulsor beam strong enough to rip them to
shreds.
I ended up free falling back down, but I landed on yet another Doom Bot that then tried to
strangle me.
"These things are everywhere!" Johnny yelled and he blasted a another bot away before
suddenly one snuck up behind him and blasted him in the back. Johnny's flames disappeared
as he fell to the ground.
"Johnny!" I roared. I turned to the Doom Bot and punched him in the chest, ripping out
whatever power core it had. I then jumped away and swung down, shooting of web lies
between the building's below to create a giant web net.

Johnny landed on it and I quickly followed. I crawled to him and checked his heartbeat,
stable, if a little cranky. I turned up, the Doom bots were ignoring us, instead heading straight
to the Baxter building.
I didn't want to leave Johnny like this but I had to. I jumped off the web and landed on a roof.
I shot out a web line at a robot and pulled him down, smashing him onto the building's roof.
I slowly got up, not in the least bit concerned for any damaged parts. It looked at me and
turned away ignoring me. Fucking sassy robot!
It tried to fly away but jumped on it before it could, grabbing it by the head before pulling it
as hard as I could. I could hear the groan of mechanical parts trying to stay together before
suddenly something gave way and the head came flying off.
I tossed the head to the side and looked up at to see the robot's surrounding the Baxter
building's top floors. They all spread themselves equidistantly around the building and then
spread their arms out. A green pulse of energy came seeping out of their bodies covering the
building in an energy field.
"Fuck!" I was too late.
I swung to the Baxter building and tried to crawl past the energy shield, but it was too strong,
not even a repulsor blast made a dent in it. I even tried going on from the inside, but the
shield apparently traveled through solid stone without cutting it in half somehow.
Just then I heard the screech of a subsonic jet. I looked up and saw a black one man jet flying
right at the Baxter building. I narrowed my eyes and focused on the cockpit, the man wore
green and a metallic armour.
'Doom!' I growled. But before I could do anything the jet slipped into the green force field
and landed on the roof of the building unharmed.
'Fuck!' I cursed, 'Doom was inside, I need to get inside!'
I looked around, okay, brute force didn't work, maybe I need to think my way out of this?
Just then I heard Ben scream loud enough that everyone in the building heard it. I grew
panicked, what could hurt him?! I needed to get in there!
I looked around before I was hit by an idea, the building, the shield didn't block the building,
why? Did Doom calibrate it to ignore the concrete structure? That...that was ingenious!
I crawled up to one corner of the Baxter building and punched it over and over again until it
began to crack open. The broken down piece of concrete was huge, I grabbed it and tore it
off, climbing up to the shield generator with the concrete webbed to my back.
I slowly approached the shield, I however the concrete into the shield and grinned as it
passed through unharmed. I slowly crawled past the five inches of energy and the moment I
reached the other side I tore off the concrete slab and ran into the building through a broken
window.

Inside I was met with a graveyard worth of broken Doom bots. Guess Ben really did a work
on them.
I ran past all of them and quickly reached Reed's room where Ben was knocked out and
smashed into a wall.
"Ben!" I called out leaning next to him. He was giving out shallow breaths, but still
breathing. I ran into Reed's room and was shocked to find it completely in ruins with the
dimensional portal sending out sparks of electricity everywhere.
"You cannot stop me Richards, Doom will have his prize!" Doom exclaimed at Reed and Sue
who stood between him and the dimensional portal.
"Not likely Victor," Reed growled out as he enlarged his fists.
"Fool! You cannot hope to stop Doom!" he yelled snapping his fingers to summon forth
Doom bots that came crashing in through the ceiling, "destroy him!"
Reed and were Sue were about to react to the robots when I decided to lend them a hand as I
jumped into the fight and exploded out a repulsor blast into it's chest piece.
I landed before Doom and my friends, "I'll take care of the robots! You get the tin man with
no brain or heart!"
"You again," Doom cried out, "I'll skin you alive for this boy!"
"Yesh, touchy much?" I jumped away as a Doom bot tried to fry me with it's lasers. I landed
on the wall and them jumped of, landing on the robot before beating it into pieces with my
punches moving fast and deadly.
"Don't do this Victor, you don't know what's on the other side!" Sue cried out as she created
force field between her and Reed.
"No Susan, that is where you are wrong. Doom knows exactly what is on the other side! It is
power!" he roared as he threw his hands forward shooting of blast of electricity that slammed
against Sue's shield's slowly cracking them.
"Oh shit!" I yelled, I had completely forgotten he could do that!.
I jumped away as a Doom bot tried to smash a fist through my chest and landed on the far
wall. Two robots came right at me, I waited until the last minute before jumping away. The
tore through the wall and slowly turned to meet me, only to have a repulsors pressed their
faces.
"Night," I growled blasting their heads off.
"Ah!" Sue cried out as Doom's attack broke through her shield sending her flying away and
knocked unconscious.

"Sue!" Reed cried out before narrowing his eyes at Doom, "you bastard!" He came at him
fists flying. Doom simply raised a hand and created a green force field around himself
preventing any of Reed's powers to go through.
"Of all five of us who were blessed with these amazing powers, I must say Richard's, yours is
the least impressive," Doom laughed as he sent out a blast of lightning shocking Reed back
onto his desk.
"I won't give up Victor, not until I stop you," Reed cried as he and Victor began to fight.
I got back to my battle. Two drone came after me, I dodged them, shot a web line and then
spun them around like a shot ball before throwing them into another squad of robots.
I covered them in the hardest webbing I could I turned to Reed, he was getting fried! I needed
to help him!
"Hey gloom and Doom!" I yelled out.
"Who dares-" his sentence was cut short as my fist came flying at his face knocking him
back.
"Reed are you okay?" I ran up to the man.
"I-I am fine," he gasped out.
"Good, can you turn of the machine?" I asked.
"Yes, just give me a moment," he turned to the controls. And I turned to Doom.
"You pathetic insect!" he roared getting back on his feet, "you dare challenge Doom?!"
"Look man, I know having a name like Doom allows you to make puns, but does every one
of them have to be a pun?" I scoffed.
"Die you insolent fool!" Doom yelled sending out a blast of electricity. I couldn't move, if I
did Reed who was standing right behind me would be hit with the lighting and he's the one
who can actually save the day.
So I stood, despite my spider sense yelling at me to run, I didn't. It hit me like a truck, I felt
my fingers and toe curl up at the shock. I stood my ground and slowly I felt the electricity
being siphoned away.
He stopped his attack and I stood on my feet panting.
"How are you still standing?!' Doom roared.
I smiled under my helmet, "simple, I'm better than you," I stood up straight and crossed my
arms over my chest, "now, eat this!" I threw my arms apart activating the unibeam of my arc
reactor,

Doom's eyes widened in surprise as he was smashed with the full front of the arc reactor's
power. The Parker Blood lining my suit siphoned off his electricity and pushed into the arc
reactor. Thank's for the boost Jackass!
Finally I stopped, my hands dropping to the side from exhaustion. "How?!" Doom yelled as
he slowly got back on his feet, "how do you possess this technology?!"
"I stole it off a drone," I smiled.
"Insolent fool! No matter, Doom will not be stopped!" he yelled snapping his fingers.
The drones I had webbed up to one side suddenly came alive as I tore through the webbing
and charged at me. They grabbed me and pinned me to the wall. I struggled, punching my
way out of this trap made from their own bodies, ripping them apart piece by piece.
"Stop Richards," Doom sent out a bolt of energy hitting Reed in the back. Reed yelled in pain
and fell down. Doom stepped over his body and worked away at the terminal, and in a few
short seconds the purple sheen over the portal disappeared.
"It was hopeless to even try to resist Doom Richards," Victor gloated as he walked towards
the portal, "all this power, all this knowledge, and you would seek to hide it away like a
bastard son? Truly thou are a fool of the highest caliber Richards."
"No, not the highest caliber," Reed grinned as he stretched out one finger and pressed a
button. Suddenly the machine groaned and then started to pull everything into it.
"What did you do?!" Doom yelled as he walked away from the sucking effect of the portal.
"Sending you where you belong!" Reed yelled out as he threw a punch that pushed Doom
back. But it wasn't enough to push him through.
"I got this!" I yelled sending out another unibeam that tore through my robot wardens. I broke
free and ran at Doom, jumping at him, thrusting both legs into his gut that sent him flying
back.
"See you! Wouldn't want to be you!" I yelled as I threw a web line at the wall and held on as
Doom yet flying through the portal.
"NOOO!" he yelled. The moment he slipped through Reed stopped the machine with the
press of another button stopping the portal from sucking int more items.
I sighed as I let go, panting in relief. I turned to him, "did you plan that?"
He nodded, "Victor's ego would demand someone be there to witness his victory. And his
hatred for me all but confirmed that person was going to be me."
"So you turned the portal into a trap," I sighed and lay down on my back, "nice. Never
doubted you for a second there big chief. I'm just-ah, I'm just going to rest here for a while,
okay? Okay."

Reed chuckled as he lied down next to me, "I think I'll join you."
After I felt my body recover I went out and helped Reed destroy the barrier Doom had put up
around the Baxter building. I then swung down to rescue Johnny who was still unconscious.
We managed to wake him, Sue and Ben up.
The other were pretty pissed they got knocked out so easily, but were glad that Doom was
finally stopped. Though Sue was sad at the lengths we had to go to stop him.
In an hours time though there were men in black suits knocking on our doors and in walked
agents of SHIELD. None that I recognized, so I didn't mention I was working for them as
well.
They helped clean up, taking the Doom bots for storage. We didn't really try and stop them,
though Sue did keep an eye on them to make sure nothing of ours was stolen or mishandled.
They left quickly and we all decided to just call it a night.
"Yeah, don't worry aunt May I'm fine, I wasn't even in the top floors at the time," I grumbled
into the phone as May once again went into a worried rant about how careful I should be,
"don't worry aunt May, I'll be fine. I will be coming home late today though, I need to help
clean up the lab. Okay?" She agreed and I hanged up wishing her and Ben and happy new
year.
I went back to my lab and finally removed my helmet. I walked up to my table and smiled
looking at the nearly fully intact Doom bot I managed to sneak away. Doom was a mad man,
but he was also a genius. A crazy genius...okay, more in the crazy department than the genius
department.
But unfortunately, I couldn't do that tonight, it was getting late, it was New Year's eve and I
had a promise to keep.
I turned to the robot and looked around, finding it's power core and quickly turned it off. I
wasn't stupid, there was a chance Doom could send a signal from the dimensional portal
machine and remotely activate this robot to free him from his prison.
...what? It could totally happen, this was a comic book after all.
I put on my mask and opened my lab window. I jumped out and swung into the night. It was
thirty minutes to midnight, perfect. I swung to a nearby bakery that was still open and bought
a cake.
It was odd standing in line at the counter like a regular person while in my costume. Heck
people even started taking pictures with me and posting it on their social media pages. I
quickly payed for the cake and ran out into the night, making my way to Felicia's apartment.
I landed outside her window and knocked. Felicia looked up from her bed and smiled. She
walked over and opened her window smiling, "hello stranger."

"Hello ma'am, I heard reports of a very sexy woman in need of cuddling tonight, may I come
in?"
Felicia stepped aside letting me in. She rolled her eyes, "nerd."
"Your nerd," I removed my mask, wrapped an arm around her and kissed her on the lips.
Felicia humned as slwolys she pulled away. Sh looked at the parcel in my hands and smiled,
"is that for me?"
"Yup! And you'll never guess what it is!" I teased.
"You bought me a triple chocolate cake with sprinkles," Felicia said with a mischievous
smile.
I blinked, "how the hell did you know that?!"
"Twitter's been blowing up," she chuckled tossing me her phone. I saw the pics I took with
those people down at the cake shop had become viral. There were comment below it like,
'Who's the lucky girl?' 'Damn, someone gets his fine ass this New Year and I get nothing?!' 'Is
he single?' 'Keep eating cake and those pants don't fit anymore Spidey.'
I chuckled, "damn, should have know."
"So..cake?" Felicia asked.
"You do like cake right?" I smiled putting the cake on her desk.
"Oh I love cake, but I think I like you more," she wrapped her hands around me kissing me,
and pulling me into her bed. She quickly went on top, her fingers tracing down my suit
before she stopped the kiss and grumbled, "I fucking hate your suit. Always hides the good
stuff."
I laughed, "I can say the same thing about anything you wear in general," I pressed the
release button and quickly shimmied out of it, "so, tell me, any New Year's resolutions?"
"Hm, yeah, I'm planning on making sure my stupid superhero boy friend doesn't get himself
killed," she grumbled.
"Oh relax, what's the worse that can happen?" I laugh.
"That is exactly what you shouldn't say Tiger," Felicia grumbled, "you do realize now
something terrible is going to happen right?"
"Oh come on Kitten, what could possibly-"
"-Felicia I'm home!"
I looked into Felicia's eyes and she glared back into my. "My mother," she hissed.

I gulped, "totally didn't see that coming."
"Get out, now!" she yelled out throwing open her window.
I grabbed my suit and tried to put it on but there was no time. I could hear her door being
opened so I jumped out the window and crawled up the side of the wall and waited out in the
cold snowy night.
"Felicia, happy new year dear," I heard her mother call out joyfully.
"H-hey mom, I didn't expect to see you," she sould nervous, I sighed as I quickly put on my
costume, fucking universe.
"Well I got home early because I thought it would be best to spend some quality mother
daughter time! Now come, I've made us reservations at that Italian place you like, wear
something appropriate please."
Felicia sighed at the door closing before she stuck her head out the window looked at me,
"I'm sorry, I didn't think she would be coming over today."
"It's fine, it's my fault really, me and my big mouth," I sighed, leaning down planting a soft
kiss on her forehead, "go on, have fun, we'll hang out later."
"Sorry Tiger," she apologized again. I waved it off and jumped off the building swinging into
the night.
Well I was already in costume, might as well do some heroing. So for the rest of the night I
was out on patrol, stopping a mugging and a gang of thieves from stealing an atm machine in
Hell's kitchen.
But as I was swinging by the streets I noticed a couple of homeless people wrapped around in
spare clothes, huddled together around a flaming barrel. There were people of all kinds and if
they stayed out here tonight it wouldn't be a good idea, the chances of Hypothermia was high.
I called the police and waited on the rooftop for them to arrive. They quickly came and
escorted the homeless people to the nearest shelter. But after the police left I was surprised to
find the homeless being kicked out once more. Something wasn't right.
I landed before the homeless shelter as people were being kicked out. Everyone noticed me
immediately, the man in charge looked scared, a thirty something that looked fat enough to
eat a family sized meal all for himself.
"What is going on here?" I asked with a growl, "why the hell are you kicking these people
out?"
"W-we don't have enough funds, the city hasn't been giving us enough for all of these
people," the man gulped.
"Who is incharge of your funds?"

"C-councilman Nick Daves," the man told me, his finger twitching in worry.
"Fine, how much for these people staying for one night?" I asked drawing the attention of
everyone there.
"F-five thousand dollars?"
"Take them back in, I'll get you the funds," I growled at the man, swinging away with my
web lines.
I swung to an ATM and quickly drew out the money. I had gotten a bank account for myself
so that Sue could directly transfer the funds to my account instead of handing me checks or
cash. I had enough cash for them all.
I looked around the city some more and found more people out on the streets this cold night.
I convinced them all to go to the shetler.
When I went back to the shelter I came with nearly twice the amount of homeless people.
The fat man in charge looked horrified.
I walked up to him and slapped down ten thousand dollars, my monthly salary for this month,
"if I find that even one dollar of this money isn't being used to feed and shelter these people, I
will hang you by your ankles and use your stomach as a punching bag, understand?"
"Y-yes sir," he gulped and nodded furiously. I guided all the people inside and after making
sure they were safe I swung off into the night.
If I found more people out on the streets I would guide them to the homeless shelter I was
funding. It was a long night, and by the end I was exhausted. I came home at around 3 in the
morning. I stripped out of my costume and proceeded to collapse on my bed.
I sighed and took out my phone, I downloaded the Twitter app, curious as to what people
were currently paying about me.
To my utter surprise I was trending, again. This time though it seems somehow people found
out about my trip to the homeless shelter. There were pictures of me grabbing the fat man by
the collar and yelling at him.
There were also memes of me, one where I was dressed as Santaclaus, one where I was
making it rain money. People were even commenting about my new costume, so far it seems
they loved it, calling it the coolest thing since the Iron Man armor.
There was even a video of me with the fat manager, and somehow they managed to boost the
audio up and could hear me threaten him. The comment below that varied from, 'This guy's
like a mother Terresa, expect with webs!' to, 'A costumed freak threaten a working man? Is
this what society has come to?'. And everything else in between.
It was official, I was forever a part of the internet now. And that gave me an idea.

The next day was New Year and I spent it with May and Ben, helping them clean up the
place. That night I went over to Felicia's and finally had that cake we have been saving. I
spent a few hours there before my duties called, and I was forced to leave to stop a bank
robbery two blocks away.
On the second though it was life as usual. I spent the morning with Natasha in the Shield
bunker and she was making sure I hadn't slacked over over winter break. Honestly I didn't
know SHIELD even had winter break, but I guess it was more for my sake than anything
else.
"So do anything fun over the holidays?" I asked her as I jumped away from a kick aimed at
my gut.
"Nothing important," she replied neutrally.
"Oh come on Red, don't be like that," I grabbed her arm and threw her over my shoulder. She
landed a few feet away and immediately launched at me with a kick to the head.
"Focus Spider," she order as I moved away rubbing my jaw in pain.
"Yeah, yeah," I grumbled slipping into a judo stance. I lunged forward and grabbed her by the
collar and threw her over head. She landed on her feet though and instead tried to counter by
throw by grabbing my belt and pushing me over.
I rolled on my back and shot my legs out sending Natasha flying back. Before she could get
back up I was on her with my arm pressed against her neck, "I win."
"It's a draw," she whispered pressing a hidden blade up against my junk. I really hate this
woman, but then judging form the amazing view I'm getting down her cleavage I can learn to
forgive her.
"Fuck you, you said no weapons," I growled.
"I lied," she replied as I moved away, helping her to her feet. "You've taken to judo very
quickly, I'm impressed, we'll move onto krav maga next. Have you finished the assignment I
gave you?"
I rolled my eyes, "you mean memorizing the Art of War? Yeah, I did."
"Good, then you can write a 20 page write up on the subject, due in a week's time, no
excuses," she told me walking to the door.
"This feels more like a school than training," I told her as I followed her out.
"Maybe it should," she replied.
"Hm...hey Natasha, do you think SHIELD can provide me with a secure way of using social
media?"
The Black Widow stopped at turned to me, "excuse me?"

"Has SHIELD been tracking my online process? Sightings, people talking about me, all
that?" I asked.
"Yes, we have, and?"
"Well there are times when I haven't really had the chance to speak for myself and justify my
actions. If I had an online presence I can do that," I argued as we approached the showers.
"I see...I'll talk to Fury about it," she grabbed the helm of her shirt and pulled it off revealing
her giant breasts being held back by a tight training bra. My eyes went wide as I looked her
smoking hot body and gulped. She looked at me with a teasing smile, "are you going to to
join me?"
I gulped, "I ah, I don't think Felicia would like that. See ya Red," I said walking away, taking
one last glance at her tits before doing so. And I swear I think I saw her grin in victory.
Stupid sexy spy, thinks she's all that. Well...she is, but I'm not going to let her know that!
Next day morning I had a parcel delivered to my front porch. It didn't have anything written
on it, expect a letter inside which read;
Untraceable. Don't post anything stupid like nudes or anything that can compromise you or
SHIELD. All posts you post online will first be directed to our public relations branch for
confirmation before being posted.
Fury
Inside was a state of the art smartphone which the SHIELD logo on it. I smiled, guess Fury
will willing to trust me on this. I quickly went into my basement and began fiddling with the
phone. I knew there was a tracking chip in there somewhere and after finding not one, but
three, I decided to begin.
I needed to find a place to put away the phone when not in use and while in costume.
Deciding to use an electro magnetic clip that would be powered by the black PB web lines
running around my suit. It was basically a mesh of power I could use simply my attaching a
machine to it.
I then quickly set up a profile up on Twitter, Instagram and Snapchat. I had to be creative
though as hundreds of fake accounts with the name 'Spider-Man' had already been taken.
So I took up the handle, TheAmazingSpider, which was thankfully still available. I signed on
with the phone and quickly put up a post;
Twitter: Hello all! It's your Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man coming to you in person!
Check out my Insta and Snap by the same handle!
I sent out the post, but instead of an immediate posting, a SHIELD logo popped up with the
test, 'Processing' underneath. I seems the techs at SHIELD really was looking at everything I
sent out.
In a minute the post was put up online, I smiled, guess it's official, I'm online!

Twitter: Hey I just realized something, now I'm not only swinging on webs, but surfing
The web as well!
Soon the first responses came up:
Holy shit is this real?
Fake account is fake.
Doesn't even have a profile pic!
Lame jokes are not a good thing!
I grumbled, of course they wouldn't believe me. Why would they?
So I quickly got suited up and swung out into the city as Spider-man. I swung towards
Brooklyn bridge and created a hammock out of my webs between the metal lines holding the
bridge up. I jumped down into the hammock and took a selfie with the busy traffic street
below.
Twitter: Ah, nothing like a new year for a new me. You guys like the new costume? This shit
was expensive!
I then put up the picture as my profile pic and posted it on Instagram and my Snapchat story.
I then leaned back and waited.
Holy shit it is him!
Spider-Man's on Twitter?! What the fuck?!
Quick! Someone hack into his phone and shit!
Dude, how come a superhero in a mask is online, but Iron Man isn't? This is such B.S.!
Mr. Spider-Man sir, I'm a huge fan! Thank you for protecting our city!
I responded to whoever I could, giving off my thanks, and accepting their gratitude. I even
threw in a little humor in there as well.
By the end of that day my account quickly became grew followers, reaching over a million
followers on Twitter, Insta and Snap. I even got Twitter to make my account the official
Spider-Man account, giving me the little blue tick mark. I grinned, yup, like is good.

Chapter End Notes

You know I never did understand why heroes don't use social Media. I mean I know
Beast Boy uses social media in Teen Titans, but come on! So many people should be
using that! Like why the fuck doesn't Tony have an Iron Man account?!
Anyway, yes, Doom went out like a bitch, but there is a reason for that. I always found
the best heroes had the best villains, and for this Spider-man I thought, why just settle
for a domestic headache like the Green Goblin? Let's make him number two on Doom's
shit list!
And so begins an epic rivalry, that Pete is yet to realize is coming for him!

Chapter 13: Those who fight together stay together
I stared at the screen before me. I grumbled rubbing my forehead, "this doesn't make any
sense."
"You're telling me," Reed grumbled, "when you asked me to help you out I didn't think….this
doesn't make any sense Peter."
"I know, I just said that," I grumbled.
"Have you tried UV?" Sue asked from the computer, typing away an email.
"Yes, it still doesn't show any difference," Reed grumbled, "this doesn't make any sense. How
does this even happen? It should be impossible!"
"And yet I am currently standing here before you completely possible," I told him with a
raised eyebrow.
"Your blood is impossible Peter, nothing else I can call it," Reed zoomed in on the
microscope we used to examine my blood on a cellular level. The screen showed a single one
of my cells and its genetic properties, the DNA helix, rotating on it's axis.
"It looks like it somehow adapted spider like quality into itself, but only took on the good
one," Sue hummed, "like it picked and chose what it knew would be beneficial."
"But it can't do that because it's not alive!" Reed exclaimed, "God damn it Peter this doesn't
make any sense!" I roared and threw his notes into the air, walking out my lab in a cloud of
smoke.
"Don't mind him, he just doesn't like not knowing something," Sue sighed, "it's an ego thing.
But it is to be expected, he's a physicist, not an genesist."
I hummed, "I see, do you think you can give this a go?" I asked.
"Let's see," Sue got up and approached the screen scanning my DNA, "did you analyse the
genomes?"
"Yup, here, can't make head or tails of it though." I gave her an SA with the data she
requested.
Sue looked at it quickly making notes near each one. I took us a while, but after she was done
with one entire sequence she put the SA aside and sighed, "Reed's right, this shouldn't be
possible. It's almost like...like your DNA adapts itself to foreign objects. It some how
assimilated the spider genes into itself, allowing you access to it's abilities."
"So that property existed in my blood before the spider bite me?" I asked.

"It looks like it," Sue pointed at a strand, "see this? That was going to make you agile and
strong like a spider. And it has nothing to do with your DNA adapting itself against foreign
object."
One eyebrow went up, "so are you saying I'm a mutant?"
Sue shook her head, "no, the mutant gene is clearly marked and visible. If that was the case
Reed wouldn't currently be in the kitchen eating an entire tub of ice cream," I blinked, "yeah,
he does that when he can't solve something."
I chuckled, "damn."
"Anyway, your blood, your DNA...it's something more. It's...I would say it's similar to our
own DNA, it's mutated into something else entirely, not quite mutant, but definitely not
human."
"So….a metahuman?" I asked in wonder, coining the term I knew that was popular in the DC
comics.
"Yes...I suppose that would be an accurate word for what you are," Sue nodded, "though it
really is strange, just how does your blood act this way?" She hummed going into an almost
trance like state. I knew better to bother her, best leave her alone.
I went to my workstation, on it was the Doom bot I had 'precured', broken apart into various
pieces. I was learning more about Doom's tech, it really was interesting.
As I continued learning from the machine my SHIELD issue smart phone buzzed. I turned it
on and found a thousand or so messages from my Twitter, Insta and Snapchat accounts, a
thousand each that is.
I couldn't respond to them all, no way in hell. So I did what all celebrities do, switch off
notifications. Instagram was easy, most were follower notification, and so was Snapchat.
Twitter though was a problem, I needed to read every time someone tweeted at me, just in
case they were talking smack and needed to be put down.
As I began to have scan and input the Doom bot's design into my computer, don't know when
that'll be useful once more.
After that was done I began to focus on my other little project, Councilman Nick Daves, the
guy who somehow lost the funds to feed and shelter the homeless of New York on the coldest
night of the year.
The man looked clean, too clean, but after a little digging I found he had not one, but two
beach houses in the Hamptons and one Summer home in Greece.
I used Peter's subpar hacking skills to get into Nick's personal laptop, not hard considering he
uses a public network to login every time he went to work. I searched through his files, first
off let me just say he has a lot of porn, like 400 GBs worth, and second, he doesn't have
anything incriminating.

I looked at the screen and sighed, maybe it was time I did this the old fashioned way, follow
him until he does something dirty. Maybe I can put a tracking chip on him? Like the kind
Peter makes in the future? Yeah, that sounds good, I'll do that.
"Peter, you won't believe what I just found," Sue suddenly said gaining my attention.
"What?" I got up and pushed all thoughts of Nick Daves to the side.
"Your blood, it's evolving," Sue spoke as she worked on her data pad, "well, no, evolving
might not be the right word...it's morphing, meta-morphing to be exact."
"What does that mean?" I asked.
"It's like a caterpillar turning itself into a butterfly, but instead of strings to build a canon, it
uses stray strands of DNA or foreign object to adapt itself. Here, I tried to inject with the
common cold, look what happened."
I watched the monitor. The virus was injected into a small sample of my blood and suddenly
the virus began to get absorbed into my blood. I saw it being taken apart by my blood cells, a
few strains of it remained while the rest were digested.
"Did...did my blood just vaccinate itself?" I asked in disbelief and in the back of my head I
couldn't help but think I had seen blood act like that before. Somewhere...
"It certainly looks like it," Sue nodded, "and if we take that theme of 'vaccination', we can
understand how you survived radiation poisoning. You blood must have absorbed the spider
bite and vaccinated you to it's effects, and then adapted the properties to serve as an
inoculation for you. Peter, have you ever gotten sick before?"
I blinked trying to recall Peter's memories, "well...once, I think."
"And ever since then you never have right?"
I blinked in wonder, "oh my god...yeah, I've never gotten sick after that!"
"Then it would stand to reason you never would," Sue pulled up several other screens, "I
have no idea what your blood is Peter, but I want to find out, this could be the key to solving
disease and every single thing that plagues man!"
I gulped, "coming in a little hot there chief."
"You're damn right I am! This is amazing Peter! We could literally save the world with the
stuff you have inside your body! Will you please let me research this? Please?" she asked in a
pleading tone, her eyes sparkling in wonder.
"Well...okay, I guess," I shrugged, "just like, don't clone me or anything okay? I really don't
want that to happen."
Sue blinked, "why on Earth would you be worried about something like that?"

I shrugged, "no reason, just saying," it would be so weird to fight a clone of me, so weird!
And don't think I haven't thought of a plan for when the clone saga begins, because I have! I
hate that storyline, seriously man, what was the point?! Grr, fucking Marvel!
I gave Sue a few more samples of my blood, much to her excitement, and then packed up for
the day. It was 2 in the afternoon, usually I would work till the night, but I already had other
plans today.
I swung out my lab window as Spider-man and made my way to Felicia's place. I reached
there quickly and knocked on her window. She threw it open and smiled, "hey Spider, come
on in, I'll almost ready."
"Right," I jumped and and stretched, it really was going to be a long day. "So, you nervous?"
I asked her.
"No, why would I be nervous?" she huffed as she tried on a jacket before taking it off and
searching through her closet for something else.
"Because you're biting your lips, you do that when you're nervous," I chuckled as I removed
my mask and my web shooters, removing my school bag where I kept my civilian clothes.
"Well, maybe I'm a little nervous," she admitted as she tried on a long coat, she turned to me,
"what do you think?"
I smiled, "I think they'll love you no matter what you wear," I deactivated my suit and
shimmed out of it, standing in nothing but a pair of briefs.
Felicia's eye roamed down my body as she licked her lips, "you know, if you're trying to
seduce me, it's working."
"Oh Kitten, you know how to make a guy feel loved," I gaver a small peck on the check, "if
you want we can have some fun later, but right now we need to move, my aunt May would
kill me if I was late."
Felicia pouted, "fine. I don't get it though, why do they want to meet me so much?"
"Well you are my girlfriend," I told her putting on my shirt, "and so they want to meet you."
"Fine," she grumbed.
"You don't have to be nervous."
"I'm not!"
"Right, good, because I am," I chuckled.
Felicia rolled her eyes but said nothing. We walked out of her apartment and got a cab
downstairs. It took some time to reach my place but when we finally stood in front of my
door she sighed, "okay, maybe I'm a littler nervous."

I laughed, "don't worry," I knocked on the door, "they'll love you."
Felicia gulped and nodded. Almost immediately May threw open the door and smiled, "Peter!
Finally! I was beginning to get worried! And this must be Felicia, hello dear, nice to finally
meet you!"
We stepped inside the house as Felicia gulped, "h-hello Mrs. Parker. You have a lovely
home."
"Oh none of that, please call me May, I'm don't need to be reminded I'm an old Mrs.," May
laughed.
"Ah, are they finally here?" Ben called out as he walked in from the kitchen, "hello, you must
be Felicia, it's a pleasure to finally meet you."
"You too," Felicia smiled.
"Why don't we sit down in the kitchen," I suggested, wrapping my hand around hers.
"That's a lovely idea! I just made some cookies!" May smiled as she quickly pushed us into
the kitchen where we sat down and she went to pull a freshly made batch of cookies out of
the oven.
"So Felicia dear, how did you and Peter meet?" May asked, the excitement in her voice
almost made me think she was going to have a heart attack or something, but luckily it
seemed she was just excited Peter was finally bringing home a girl.
Felicia smiled, "well actually it's because I wanted a tutor and I was told Peter was the best,
we spent a lot of time together and...I guess it just happened. Oh and he did kind of save my
life."
"Oh that's right the Stark Expo," Ben grumbled, "terrible thing, I don't understand what the
were thinking."
"Hey at least they are alright now," I sighed, "Hammer tech is basically bankrupt, at least we
got that out of the whole ordeal."
"True, true, now Felicia dear, when did Peter ask you to be his girlfriend?" May asked
quickly changing the topic.
"Well...he didn't really ask me, he just kissed me and looked at me until I gave an answer,"
Felicia admitted.
"You did?" May and Ben asked with matching looks of shock.
I grumbled, "you know it would be nice if you guys had even the littlest amount of faith in
me. Is it so difficult to think I could do something like that?"
"Yes," all three replied.

I banged my head on the table, "I hate you all."
"No you don't," Felicia smiled kissing me on the cheek.
I immediately perked up, "yeah, maybe I don't."
Ben and May laughed as quickly we all began to talk, though most of the time they spent
trying to humiliate me.
Felicia had a few good stories about me, about the time I spilled coffee over pants and then
stripped out of them on the spot because they were burning hot.
May then told one where Peter as a kid tried to climb a tree but ended up falling down. The
only reason Peter didn't crack his head open was because he pants were caught in between a
tree branch saving his life, but giving him a monster wedgie.
In the end we had a nice afternoon and I could see Felicia getting along with them like a fish
to water. I'm glad that's the case, I would hate it if they didn't get along.
Soon we had to leave, "oh I do wish you stay for a little while longer," May said with a sad
tone, "it was so good to finally meet you Felicia."
"And you too aunt May," Felicia smiled back, she had began referring to May as aunt as well,
don't why, it just seemed natural.
"Peter, make sure she get's home safe okay?" Ben told me.
I smiled and nodded, "no problem. Oh by the way, I'll be home late tonight, Sue needs me at
work."
"That's fine Peter, I'll leave you something to eat," May smiled.
We walked away into the city, we wouldn't be finding a cab here any time soon. I wrapped
my hand around hers, pulling her close.
"So, what do you think?" I asked.
"They're amazing," Felicia admitted, "they're so nice, and sweet...like a real family."
"You don't like your mom that much huh?" I asked, knowing the answer.
"No...she's never there for me, always doing her own shit," Felicia grumbled.
"Hey, relax, you have me," I smiled squeezing her hand, "what does your mom do anyway?"
"She's a lawyer," Felicia shrugged, "protects the scum of the Earth while letting the poor face
punishment. All those people I robbed? They were her clients."
"The banker?"
"Responsible of scamming 300 families out of money."

"The jewelry store?"
"The owner was on trial for rape….he got off thanks to my mom," Felicia growled.
I groaned, "I see...hey Kitten, what are you doing tonight?"
Felicia looked surprised, "nothing, why?"
"Do you want to do something fun?" I asked with a teasing smile.
"I-I think my mom's home tonight, we can't really...you know," she blushed.
"What if I promise to be quiet?" I teased.
"You can, but I sure as hell won't be," Felicia teased back, "you always have a way of making
me scream out your name Mr. Parker."
I grinned, "good. But I wasn't talking about doing that, though if you want we can do it later
tonight. I was wondering if you wanted to spy on a corrupt fat cat and expose any dirty
secrets he has hidden away."
Felicia smiled, "now you're talking. Who's the lucky ass?"
"Councilman Nick Daves."
"Right, but I thought you had to be at work tonight?" Felicia asked.
"Kitten, this is my job," I smiled.
That night:
Felicia and I stood on a rooftop in costume. I used the night vision goggles installed in my
mask to look into Daves house, his wife and kids were asleep and he was in his study looking
over documents.
"So what did he do to piss you off Spider?" Cat asked as she leaded against the roof.
"He's in charge of funding homeless shelters all across New York, but last month there was a
shortage in funds and people were thrown out on the streets on the coldest day on the year. If
I hadn't helped them out I'm sure some would be dead right now," I grumbled as I tried to see
what documents Daves was looking at but unfortunately I didn't have a zoom fucking, maybe
I should add that next.
"Sounds like a bad man," Black Cat growled, "how did scum like this get power in the first
place?"
"Is this your first dirty politician?" I asked.
"No, but it is my first one where I stay out here in the cold waiting for him to do something,"
she grumbled.

"Sorry," I looked at her, she was shivering in the cold January night. I could see her nipples
poking out, I couldn't help but get turned on, "you know, you really should change your
costume."
Felicia blinked, "why? What's wrong with my suit?" she looked down. The black track suit
was nice to be honest, she had her gadgets attached on a belt around her hips and domino
mask on her face, but it wasn't the classic skin tight leather dress that I knew and loved.
Honestly, if she was wearing that right now I would spend half the time hiding the enormous
erection I would sprout.
"It's not really safe, it's just a normal track suit right?" I looked it over.
"Well excuse me, not everyone has access to the Baxter building and all their fancy tech,"
Felicia huffed.
I chuckled, "true...do you want me to make you a suit?"
"What?"
"Do you want me to make you a suit? It shouldn't be that hard," I shrugged. I could probably
steal a SHIELD combat suit...no, that won't do, Natasha would find out and then they would
know about Felicia, if they didn't already. Guess I'll just have to make one from scratch.
"Wait, you would do that for me?" Felicia asked surprised.
"Well, duh, if I didn't you would be running around with no protection on trying to take on
criminals in a tracksuit," I scoffed, "I'm your boyfriend, and I fully intend on keeping you
around for as long as I can."
Felicia looked shocked, she jumped my wrapped her hands around me, "thanks Tiger."
"You don't have to thank me Kitten, it's my pleasure," I wrapped my arms around her.
"You know...when I found out you were….well, you, I figured you would try and stop me
from being...well, you know."
"Felicia, I still remembered the first time we talked, really talked. I know how much this
means to you, how the name you chose truly lets you be free and express who you are, do
you think I would ever want you to stop being that?"
"Well I just thought...you know, I'm a criminal, and you're a hero, so….you..." she trailed off.
"What? That I wouldn't want to be with you?" I laughed, "Felicia, I'm a criminal too. I'm
currently stalking a government worker as we speak! People may look to me like a hero or a
saviour, but I'm a criminal too," I removed my mask and kissed her on the lips, "you aren't
going anywhere Kitten."
Felicia smiled, she opened her mouth to say something before gasping, "he's moving!"
I blinked, "ah, what?"

"Daves, he's leaving his home!" Cat broke away and went to the rooftop looking down, "he
got into his car, we need to follow him."
I grumbled, "we were just having a moment," I put on my mask and wrapped a hand around
Felicia, "alright hold on, this is going to be fun."
Cat did so and we swung into the night. She kept an eye on the car as we slowly went to the
bad part of town.
But just then he went down into a tunnel, "Shit!" I cursed.
"I know where he's going," Cat hissed, "there," she pointed at a large fancy hotel a few blocks
away, "that tunnel leads to two places, the Highway or a service road leading to that hotel. I'm
guess he's not skipping town just yet."
"I could kiss you," I chreed.
"Just don't drop me Spider," Cat smiled as I swung towards the hotel, landing on a window
on the fifth floor. We looked down and in the distance saw Daves car coming out of the
tunnel and into the parking garage.
"We need to follow him," Cat spoke, "can you get us inside?"
"Yup," I nodded as I walked crawled downward with Cat clinging to my back. I quickly
found a service entrance near the back, we slipped inside and snuck our way in. We avoided a
couple of the hotel workers before I stumbled onto a man coming out of the security room.
"Score," I whispered, calling Cat over, "how good are you at picking open door?"
Cat looked offended, "the best. Now stand back and let a master show you how it's done," she
pulled out two pins and in five seconds the door was open.
"I am incredibly turned on right now," I whispered as we snuck inside locking the door
behind us.
"So what are we searching for?" Cat asked as we stepped up to the security monitors and
controls for every camera in the room.
"We are searching for...him," I pointed at Daves stepping out of the lift on the 10th floor. We
followed him closely, I manually changed the feeds to all the cameras on the tenth floor.
We tracked him knocking on room 1010, the door opened revealing a black man in a nicely
pressed suit. I held up my SA and scanned his face storing it in my data banks. Daves stepped
in and we lost track of him.
"So he's in a suite on the top floor," Cat said as she leaned back on the chair kicking her legs
up on the terminal, "what now?"
"Well, let's see if I can get a little help," I transfered the image of the man I captured onto my
SHIELD phone and sent it as a message to the tech department with the message, 'Need

Identification.'
It was a long shot, but it turned out to work as I quickly got an email back with an attached
folder.
I displayed the folder on my SA and whistled, "damn."
"What? What did you find?" Cat asked getting up to look at the file I looked over.
"Do you know Domanic Marcelle?" I asked.
Cat groaned, "yeah...big time mafia boss, last year his entire operation got busted but he
managed to escape. Police have been trying to track him, but every time they came close he
just like disappeared."
"Yeah, and the guy we just saw? His name was John Travis, Dominic's right hand man," I
swiped through his folder, "there were rumours they were partners."
"Business partners?"
I shook my head, "romantic."
"Oh," Cat's eyes went wide.
"Yeah, so if he's here..."
"Then so is Dominic."
"It makes sense," I hummed, "the police have never been able to catch him because they had
help from the inside," I looked up, "Nick Daves has been their guy on the inside."
"So...what do we do now?" Cat asked.
I turned to her and smiled, "feel like catching a mafia boss?"
We snuck out of the security room and out into the open air once more. Cat got on my back
and I jumped onto the building's wall, climbing up towards the tenth floor.
We quickly reached the penthouse, it had a balcony, a swimming pool and guards armed with
machine guns.
I crawled around and reached the roof. Cat and I looked down from our perch, there were five
guards outside in the cold with guns. From what I briefly saw inside there were about a dozen
more inside, luckily not carrying guns.
"I think you should stay back for this one," I told Cat.
"What? Why?" she hissed.
"I'm bullet proof, you're not," I tapped my costume, "but...how good are you at shooting
things?"

Cat grinned, "very."
I pulled out my SHIELD issue phone and switched it to camera mode, "we need evidence of
Daves working with Marcelle, you can shoot some video of them sitting and talking," I
pointed at a large wall sized window with a small ledge.
Cat took the camera and groaned, "I thought you were going to give me a gun."
I shrugged, "sorry, I don't like guns."
"Whatever," she rolled her eyes and with the grace of a practised acrobat she leaped down to
the ledge. I was scared, my heart leaped out, we were ten floor up, if she missed, she would
fall. But she didn't miss, she stuck the landing.
I sighed in relief, she quickly moved to the corner of the window and pulled out the phone.
She slowly slid the window open just a crack allowing the sound from inside to come leaking
out allowing the video to have some audio as well.
Seeing that part being taken care off I turned to the guards with guns. I cracked my neck and
checked my web shooters, time to get wild.
"Hey boys!" I cried out, all five armed guards turned at me and leveled their guns, "is this the
bathroom? Because I think I'm lost."
"What the fuc-" I launched a web line at his chest and pulled, he came flying at me as I
collided my fist to his face, knocking a few of his teeth out.
"Waste him!" another yelled out as they fired bullets at me.
My spider sense went into overdrive, I jumped back into the roof, their bullets couldn't reach
me here.
"Someone go up there and get his body!" a gaurd yelled out.
"Hey! What's going on out there?!" I heard a voice from inside ask.
A man climbed up onto the roof, but the moment he looked up he saw my foot coming for his
jaw, throwing him off.
"He's alive!" they yelled.
"Eat webbing assholes!" I yelled shooting down two web lines to grab their guns and jerk it
from their grips.
"What the fuck is th-" I jumped down landing a kick on his face before spinning around and
kicking the last armed idiot in the stomach.
I then grabbed the last man still standing and threw him through the patio doors. He landed in
the middle of the suite's living room.

"What the fuck is going on?!" a white man who I recognized as Marcelle asked as he and
everyone else in the suite were on their feet.
I stepped in, crushing glass shards under my feet, "hello Marcelle, fancy meeting you here.
Are you and councilman Nick Daves friends? Or am I just being paranoid?"
"W-waste him!" Marceels yelled out as he, Nick and John Travis ran for the door.
"Ah-ah you aren't going anywhere, not this time," I said covering the door with my hardest
webbing.
"What the fuck is this?!" Marcelle yelled as he grabbed the door and tried to shove it open,
but my webbing didn't let him.
"Now, there are two ways we can do this," I counted the men inside, around 10, armed with
baseball bats, but one guy had what looked like a sword. Where did he get a fucking sword?
"You know who I am right? Spider-man? Fought a guy made out of electricity and came out
fresh as a daisy? Took on a tank and beat the shit out of it using a sewer lid? Do you really
think I can't take each and every one of you out right now?"
They looked at each other gulping. They slowly dropped their weapons and held their hands
up in surrender.
"No! Fight you bastards!" Marcelle yelled, "why do I pay you fuckers?!"
"Good choice," I told them, even the guy with the sword decided not to fight. "Now slowly
move towards the wall, I promise this won't hurt," I shoot balls of webbing at them sticking
them to the walls, just until the police got here.
"You bastard!" John yelled as he pulled out a gun from his coat pocket.
"Shit," I yelled as I began to jump away, but just then something came flying through the air
and hit John right in the hand, startling him enough to drop his gun.
"Gotcha!" I yelled webbing the gun and pulling it to me. I then threw the thing out the
window before turning to the three free men. I looked down, the thing that hit John was a TV
remote, which was now cracked in half. I blinked and turned to the window where I saw Cat
waving at me while still holding the camera steady.
I waved back before turning to the three men, I quickly trapped them with webbing and stick
them to the wall. I then turned to Cat and sighed, "thanks Cat, but you do know I had that
right?"
"I'm sure you did Spider," she smiled as she walked up to me and wrapped her arms around
my shoulder, planting a kiss on my mask, "you really need to do something about this stupid
mask."
I laughed, "okay, promise."

We stopped recording the video and quickly called the cops with the whereabout of Marcelle
and his gang. We then climbed onto the roof and looked at the widow Cat captured.
"This is the third time Nick," Marcelle spoke, "you can't keep asking for cash without
showing results!"
"Please, I need it, you need to pay this man off! If you don't he'll kill us all!" Daves sounded
hysterical.
John scoffed, "right, so some guy walks up to you on the middle of your office, tells you to
pay him cash and...you just do it?"
"No!" Daves yelled, "he then gave me a package with...with Cassy's hand inside!"
"Cassy? Who the fuck's Cassy?" Marcelle asked sipping a glass of wine.
"She's my mistress and...she's fucking dead! This guy said if we don't pay he'll do the same to
my family!"
"Grr, fucking hell man," Marcelle growled.
"Please Marcelle! How many times have I saved you from getting caught?! How many times
did the police catch you only because of me?!"
"Fine, fine, I'll give you the money," Marcelle grumbled, "but you owe me Daves!"
"Thank you!" Nick looked relieved.
"Why did he target you?" John asked, I heard myself in the video announcing my arrival to
the goons outside.
"He said we were moving in on his turf. The heroine you guys bring in is affecting his
business," Nick shuddered.
"Did he tell you who he was?" Marcelle asked.
"Yeah, he called himself a member of the Hand and-"
"Hey! What's going on out there?!" John roared.
And then I came in, threatened me and I saw Cat's POV as she grabbed the remote and threw
it at John. The camera focused on me when I thnaked her, and when she wrapped her arms
around me to kiss me, the frame was now framing her lips touching my mask, luckily the mic
was muffled so you couldn't hear what she whispered.
"Not bad Tiger," Cat smiled, "with this there's no way he can hide!"
But I wasn't listening to her. I wasn't even paying attention. I was in shock. The
Hand...already? How? Have I really brushed up so close to them?! Will they come after me
now? No, no, I just got one of their biggest rivals arrested, they'll fucking throw me a party!

I knew I should go down there and undo what I did, but it was too late, I could hear the police
sirens down stairs, the cops were already here.
"Tiger? Are you okay? Peter?" Cat asked once more snapping me out of my daze.
"I-I, yeah...it's just...that name, Hand….I know it," I wasn't going to tell her everything, just a
little.
"Really? Where?"
"An ancient Japanese gang, they are rumored to worship a demon and...I don't know much
else, but every time I talk to a gang who knows even the slightest thing about them they
would freeze up and shut up….I think they're scared."
"Someone who can scare every single gang in New York? Damn, this I have to see."
"No!" I snapped, "if you even think is somehow involved Felicia you run, do you
understand? You run and you don't look back!"
Cat was startled by my use of her real name, something I rarely ever do. "Peter, but why?
What's so different about the Hand?"
"They….they are dangerous," I explain slowly, "promise me Felicia, promise me if you even
think the Hand is involved you'll call me right away and run as fast as you can."
"Peter I-"
"-Please," I begged, my voice sounding afraid, something she has never heard it do.
She gulped and nodded, "I promise."
I sighed, hugging her tight, "thank you Kitten...if I ever lost you I...I don't know what I would
do."
She slowly hugged me back, "don't worry Tiger, you aren't getting rid of me that easily."
We swung back to her place where I used her computer to edit the video down to only the
parts where Daves basically confessed to hs crimes. We quickly changed out of our costumes
back into civilians clothing just as he video got rendered.
I then transfered the file to my phone where I posted the video on Instagram with links to it
on my Snapchat and Twitter. Time to take it viral.
But this time though the post didn't get approved, in two minutes I got a message saying my
request was denied. I was surprised, but just then I got a call, the number was blocked.
I sighed, I have a feeling I know who this is, I put the phone up to my ear, "hello?"
"What the hell were you thinking?!" I heard Fury on the other side.

"What do you mean?"
"You went after a crime lord on your own!" Fury yelled back.
"No, I went after a corrupt politician who just happened to be working with a crime boss,
totally different."
"Do you realise what you almost did? You nearly caused a scandal that would rock the
Eastern seaboard! If this video got out the case the FBI was building on Marcelle over the
last four years would be useless!"
I flinched, "sorry."
"Next time you find a fucking crime lord in hiding do the right thing Peter, call the fucking
cops! This isn't your job!"
I sighed, "right."
"And next time don't involve your girlfriend!" I paused in shock, "did you really think we
wouldn't be able to extract the full video from your phone? Come on kid, I thought you were
better than that. I'm serious though, the Black Cat is a known thief, don't get Spider-man
involved with her."
"No Fury, this is where I draw the line, you don't get to say shit about who I involve myself
with, do you understand?" I growled back at him, Felicia looked startled but wisely kept
quiet.
"Actually I do, you're my agent kid, don't forget that."
"I may be your agent, but you aren't my fucking father, don't forget that! Spider-man isn't a
fucking hero for you to carry around on shoulders, he's me and I'll damn well associate
myself with anyone I damn want, understand?!"
Fury's line was silent, I'm pretty sure I just lost my job. Finally though he spoke, "speak to me
like that again and you are done."
"No, I don't think I am, you need me, I'm arrogant as hell I know, but give me my first
mission Fury and I swear you won't regret it."
"Fine, you want a mission, I'll give you one," he hanged up, I smiled. Sucker.
"What was that?" Felicia asked. I turned to her, she had her arms crossed, guarded and
scared. I sighed, this was going to be difficult to explain.
"I...well, you remember Electro right?" I told her as I took off my mask and web shooters
sitting on her bed.
"Yeah, kind of hard to forget when you nearly die and...wait, you saved me that day, oh my
God I didn't even realise," Felicia's eyes went wide.

"Yeah, you're welcome," I chuckled, "but anyway, after that day a man broke into my house
and introduced himself as Fury, the director of SHIELD."
Felicia blinked, "what?"
"Spies," I explained in one word, "he was a spy, and they knew everything about me, even
who I really was. He basically offered me a job at his organization, my skills to be used to
protect the world, he would give me training, equipment, anything I needed. He's the one
who called. I tried to post the video but SHIELD's monitoring all my Spider-man account and
didn't let me. Too dangerous it seems."
"So...what you're telling me is...you're a spy?" Felicia looked amazed.
I shrugged, "okay, yeah, if you want to think it like that."
"You ass!" she yelled, "why didn't you tell me?!"
I shrugged, "honestly? I thought you would hate me. I mean, you don't exactly like I'm a
superhero I was kind of cared how you would react when I told you I was a spy."
"Well what did you expect?! You're a spy!"
"In training," I argued, at her glare I quickly backed down, "which really isn't important right
now."
"And...oh my God, do they know about me?!" Felicia asked in horror.
I shrugged, "no, I doubt it. And even if they do they don't really care. People like you and I
are too small for them, they only see my as a tool, you might eventually get on their radar, but
not for a long time."
Felicia looked worried and I couldn't blame her. She sat on her bed with her head in her
hands looking confused.
I sat down next to her and put a hand on her thigh, "Felicia," I whispered her name like it was
the sweetest thing in the world, "I promise they won't ever hurt you. I won't let them. No
body in this world will hurt you as long as I'm there and if they even think about it I'll kill
them. I don't care what the consequences are. They won't live."
"Peter you don't-"
"No Felicia, I will," I cupped her cheek, "I'm not going to say something like you're the
woman I'm going to marry or something cliche. But I do love you, I do care for you. You're
my responsibility and I will never let anyone harm you, because I would rather die then let
what I care for get hurt. Do you understand?"
Felicia looked into my eyes and I into hers. Slowly she closed the distance between us and
locked her lips on mine. I ran my fingers down her hair and slowly pushed her down on the
bed as I pushed down on her.

She moaned as I kissed her deeply. And just then her door swung open and I heard a deadly
cold voice.
"What is going on here?" we moved like we were set on fire, jumping upright. I turned to the
door and saw Felicia's mother glaring down at us.
Felicia sighed, "hey mom, nice timing." I just gulped having nothing witty to say. All I knew
was I did not like the way she looked at me, and that I'm so glad we decided to change out of
our costumes before this happened. Because that conversation would be a lot more awkward.
So yes this chapter was a little slower than normal, but I did lay out a very very
important plot line for the origins of this worlds Peter Parker's powers. It's not the
same as all the others, hopefully I made it a little unique.
I think for the next chapter or so I'll do something more...fun. Like a mission fun. And
it mixes in with Peter's powers.
Also yay! Felicia met uncle Ben and aunt May! Whoa! And while I did mention the
Hand, I'm not ready to make any story lines with them, yet. That will be save for
another day.

Chapter 14: The First Mission
I wasn't nervous.
"Are you nervous?" Felicia asked with a teasing smile.
"No," I wasn't nervous at all.
"Squeeze my hand any tighter and you break it," she rains an eyebrow at my knuckles turning
white.
"Sorry," I stopped.
She laughed, "you don't have to be nervous you know, just be yourself."
"Do you remember when you were meeting my aunt and uncle? How I told you not be
nervous and how that didn't help at all?"
"Yes."
"Same thing here Felicia," I sighed as we waited in her dining room.
After her mother caught us making out in Felicia's room I had gotten my very first death
threat...well one that I felt might actually be delivered on.
She had gone on a rant, how Felicia took advantage of her trust, how she never brought boys
into her room as a teen, how Felicia should have told her. Felicia just sat there and took it, in
one ear out the other. But me? Well I actually wanted this woman to like me.
So when she told me she couldn't approve because she didn't know anything about me, I
suggested we sit down and talk later in the week. She agreed, hence why I'm here right now
looking scared.
"Relax Tiger," Felicia kissed my cheek, "it's pointless being nervous, she probably forgot
what we were doing today and is probably halfway to D.C. right now."
I rolled my eyes, "come on Felicia she's your mom, I'm sure sometimes she acts aloof, but I'm
sure she won't forget something as important as this."
"Peter, I hate to break it to you, but you aren't the center of the universe," she rolled her eyes.
"No, just the center of yours," I smiled.
"Cheesy romantic lines are not helping Tiger."
I chuckled, "sorry. But no, I don't mean because it's me, I mean because it's important to you,
that's why she won't' forget."

"Care to make a wager?" she asked.
"What's the bet?" I raised an eyebrow.
"If you win I'll..." she thought for a moment before smiling, "I'll give you the best blowjob of
your life."
Immediately I was interested. "And if you win?"
"Then I want you to spend the rest of the night in my bed making me happy with that
amazing tongue of yours," she grinned.
"Deal," I grinned.
We waited for a few more minutes, and just as I was beginning to think I was going to lose
the bet the door opened and Felicia's mom walked through.
"Yes," I whispered.
Felicia grumbled, "god dammit mom, the one time I don't want you to come home."
The blond haired woman walked into the kitchen looked at us and stopped in surprise, "what
are you two doing here?"
I blinked, "you ah, you asked us to be here today. You wanted to know me better?"
"Oh...was that today?" she asked acting really confused.
"Ah...yeah," I nodded.
"Oh I'm so sorry, I completely forgot!" she gave off a nervous laughter as she walked into the
kitchen with bags filled with food enough for five people.
Felicia smiled as she leaned in and whispered, "I win."
"No fair, you said she wouldn't even be here, not that she would forget!"
Felicia raised an eyebrow, "fine...call it a draw?"
"What about the prize?"
"We both get it," she smiled.
I smiled and whispered back, "sounds fair."
Just the Felicia's mother walked in and blinked at us, "you're still here?"
"Yeah mom, you did say you wanted to talk to us, and Peter here is a stickler for the rules,"
Felicia giggled.

"Right, right, I'm sorry but we're going to have to do this another time. I have invited a
prospective client over for dinner tonight. I'm sorry Pedro-"
"-Peter," I corrected.
"Yes, right, Peter, I'm sorry but we'll have to do this another time. Felicia I need you to get
ready, we'll be having guests over soon."
"What? You're just kicking him out?!" Felicia snapped.
"Kitten it's fine," I sighed. I didn't notice it, but the moment I called Felicia Kitten her mother
gasped in surprise.
"No Peter it isn't," she growled, "he's staying for dinner mom, he's my boyfriend, you aren't
just going to kick him out!"
"Fine, do whatever you want, but you two won't talk during the meal, I won't have this deal
blown, do we understand each other?" she asked with narrowed eyes.
"Yeah, fine," Felicia snarled, but her mother didn't seem to be bothered.
We helped set up the plates for the dinner. The food she had brought over was from a Chinese
place a few blocks down which was said to have the best fried rice this side of the East River.
I wasn't a fan of Chinese food, but man did it smell inviting!
As I helped put the food into bowls I found myself alone in the kitchen with Felicia's mother,
Felicia had gone off into her room to wear something nice, luckily I was already dressed in
something acceptable so I was lucky.
"Peter," the older woman finally said.
"Yes Mrs. Hardy?" I asked.
"When the guests arrive I want you to excuse yourself," she ordered without batting her eyes.
"What? But-"
"-But nothing," she snapped, "you are in my house young man, you will listen to me. I will
not have my daughter waste her life with some low life who lives on the streets. I understand
kids your age make impulsive choices, I know I made them myself. But you are not the kind
of person I see my daughter associating herself with. So please, do not make a scene."
I paused, does this bitch even know who the fuck she's talking about? Seriously? Me? Low
life? On the streets?! What the fuck?!
I was boiling over on the inside, but on the outside I was clamn. I slowly nodded, "tell me
Mrs. Hardy, do you know who I am?"
"What do you mean?"

"You hardly even know my name, let alone my grade level, living conditions, and yet you
judge me like you do. Why is that?" she looked at me and then my clothes, "oh, I get it, yeah,
I guess I understand. I don't exactly dress the role of a high class socialite, but I promise you,
I do have other qualities you will like."
"Like what exactly?"
"Well, for one I'm the reason your daughter is passing physics," I shrugged.
"You're tutoring her?" she asked surprised.
"Yes, I am. I'm actually quite smart you know," I chucked.
She looked skeptical, I suppose it is her right after all. She sighed, "fine, I may have spoken
too fast. But the issue remains, this night is too important for it too go wrong. I understand
you deserve a fair portion of my time, and I'll give it to you...soon. That is if you and Felicia
are still dating by then. But regardless, I want you gone tonight. Do you understand?"
I sighed, "perfectly," bitch.
Felicia came back and I wanted to tell her what her mom told me to do. But I honestly didn't
want another fight between the two so I just told her it would be best if I came back another
time when we had her full attention.
Felicia didn't like it, but she understood. We talked for some time before the doorbell rang.
"They're here," Felicia's mother, whose name I learned was Valeri, quickly walked to the
door. She turned to me and Felicia, "remember you two, be on your best behaviour."
"Yeah mom," Felicia rolled her eyes.
Valeri's eyes landed on me, her unspoken order hanging in the air. I nodded, "understood."
"Good," she turned to the door and put one a big smile as she threw it open, "Norman! So
glad you could make it!"
"Thank you Valeri," a tall man in a business suit walked in, "you have a lovely home," he
turned around and glared at someone behind him. He pushed the figure forward revealing
Harry, "you remember my son Harry?"
"Hello Mrs. Hardy," Harry gave a sheepish smile, "you have a lovely home."
I couldn't believe it, Norman freaking Osborn...fuck! Again?! AH! This guy's like herpes! I
can't just seem to get rid of him! And if it's like this now one can only imagine how it would
be when he goes all crazy and green!
"Welcome Norman, please, come in," she smiled as she invited them in, "will anyone else be
joining us tonight?"

"No, just us three and-" he looked over at me and Felicia standing in the distance. His eyes
fell on me and immediately he laughed, "well I didn't think I would see you here!"
I put on a smiled as well, "heya Dr. Osborn, how have you been?"
"Fine Peter, just fine," Norman smiled turning to Felicia, "and that must be your daughter
right Valeri?"
Valeri snapped at her confusion at Norman's addressal before nodded, "y-yes, Felicia, come
here please." Felicia let out a quiet groan as she stood next to her mother who gave her a one
arm hug, "my pride and joy. I understand she and Harry go to the same school yes?"
Norman nodded, "yes, I belive so."
"Oh how wonderful!" Valeri smiled, "Felicia, why don't you show Harry around the house."
Harry gave of a pervish smile, "that would be lovely." I so wanted to punch his fucking teeth
out of his fucking skull.
"Peter," Valeri turned to me with a smile, "don't you have somewhere to be?"
I glared at her, "do I?"
"Ah, yes, you did say so didn't you?" Valeri looked angry, but fuck it, no way in fucking hell
am I leaving Harry Osborn and his fucking fingers anywhere near my Cat!
"No, I don't think so," I growled.
"Oh, were you leaving Peter?" Norman asked surprised.
"Yeah, I was, work called, but I told them I was busy," I moved next to Felicia glaring a hole
into Harry's skull. I wrapped an arm around her, surprising her with my protectiveness, "so
I'll be right here."
Valire looked outraged, Harry looked a little nervous, Felicia smiled at me and Norman gave
a hearty laugh, "that's wonderful! I've been meaning to talk to you for some time now Peter,
I'm so glad we can do so now."
That made Valerie escape out of her stunned look. She blinked, "I'm sorry, but what do you
mean? Do you know Peter?"
"Know him? Why Valeri, this boy here single handedly saved my company!" Norman
laughed.
"What?!" Harry asked shocked, an expression matched by Valeri.
"What is he talking about?" Felicia leaned in and whispered.
"I prevented one of his science experiments from going supernova and destroying half a
block," I whispered back.

"Oh...as Spider-man?"
"Nope."
"You are so telling me that story."
"Yup," I popped out the last syllable.
"Now Peter my boy, what are you doing here? I must admit I was surprised seeing you here,"
Norman smiled.
"I was just visiting my girlfriend," I squeezed Felicia's shoulder, "I didn't really realize I was
interrupting your dinner plans though, sorry about that."
"Oh it's fine, I'm glad you did. And might I say a fine choice," Norman nodded at Felicia,
"I'm sure she'll grow up to be a beauty like her mother one day."
Felicia didn't really take to the compliment, she replied icily, "thanks."
"Excuse me Norman, but I still don't understand, how do you know Peter?" Valeri asked once
more. Oh so now she knew my name? Figured, the moment she realises I'm worth something
I am worth remembering.
"Well to be honest that has a lot to do with the fresh energy contract actually," Norman
explained, "it's was during the Christmas party, I had invented Peter here as a thank you for
saving Harry's life during the Stark Expo, if I recall correctly he also saved your own
daughter's life too?"
Valeri's eyes went wide, "what?!" She turned to Felicia, "what happened?!"
Felicia rolled her eyes, "I told you mom. A couple of those Hammer robots went mad and
tried to kill us. Shesh, it's like you don't even listen."
"And if I recall correctly Peter here made sure none of our children got turned into cheddar
cheese," Norman chuckled at his joke.
"Really?" Valeri said turning to me.
I shrugged, "was nothing."
"Either way, he had my gratitude," Norman continued, "so I invited him to the party to show
him what Oscorp was going to achieve, in a way to….persuade him into leaving his current
employer."
"Never going to happen," I grinned.
"Well you can't blame a man for trying," Norman chuckled.
"I'm sorry? Current employer?" Valeri asked, "where does Peter work?"

"The Baxter Building," I supplied with a smug tone of voice. I usually wasn't this petty, but
this bitch thought I was basic white trash, fuck you cunt!
"T-the Baxter Building? With the Fantastic Four?" Valeri stammered.
"Yeah mom, he knows them too," Felicia smirked, "heck, he even has Johnny Storm on speed
dial. Which honestly kind of pisses me off, I mean I'm not even on your speed dial and I'm
your girlfriend!"
"Hey, I don't have him on speed dial, that was a long time…" I pulled out my phone and saw
Johnny's number saved on speed dial, "...huh...forgot about that. Sorry Kitten."
Norman chuckled, "well, anyway, I invite him in and like everyone else he was unaware as to
why the event was happening. But he takes one look at Otto, and in seconds he figured out
my evening plan. I have never seen anything like it. And then he takes it a step further and
points out a flaw in Otto's machine so significant it could have potentially derailed the entire
branch's launch. Peter here effectively saved me from going bankrupt and having to deal with
my hostile board members."
I blinked, I didn't realise it but he was right. I had stopped him from going under pressure by
his board members, did I somehow prevent not one, but two of my mortal enemies? Did both
the Green Goblin and Doc Ock die that day? God I hope so.
"Real?" Valeri asked in disbelief, she looked at me with questioning eyes and I raised an
eyebrow in challenging. Not just some shit from the streets now was I?
"Why yes," Norman nodded, "now Valeri, I believe we have some business to discuss. Harry,
why don't you, Peter and Felicia go and occupy yourselves? I'm sure this won't interest you,"
he ended with a back handed insult.
"Yes father," Harry nodded, I raised an eyebrow, wow, he certainly took that like a little bitch.
Push over much?
Felicia took me and Harry to her room where I proceeded to glare at Harry, trying to burn a
hole into his back. The boy gulped, we didn't talk much, I wasn't in the mood and neither was
Felicia, guess she also thought he was a jerk.
We spent the time just making polite conversation, not talking about sensitive subjects like
MJ or how he was a giant tool.
Soon Valeri and Norman were done with their talks and we joined them for dinner. It was
decent enough event, I'll admit, Norman Osborn does make for some pretty good
conversation. He's the most selfish man I have ever met, true, but I kind of understood why.
He did so many great things in his life, and he fought tooth and nail for it, it was his right to
be proud of his work.
And I also understood why he disliked Harry, if I had a son who was such a pain I would be
pissed at him too.

"So Peter, what's the next big thing the Baxter Building is working on?" Norman asked.
"Right now? Nothing too revolutionary," I shrugged, "we just got the patent for a machine
which would serve as a digital file folder, kind of like an advanced version of Kindle. We
sold the production right's to Amazon, we're expecting them to start production in what...five
months? Maybe more?"
"Ah, I see, that's good, set up a steady stream of money, very smart," Norman nodded.
"Yes, Sue's the one who handles all the cash," I shrugged, "she's pretty amazing actually, if
we didn't have her with us the Baxter Foundation would be gone in a week."
"Ah yes, I know of Sue Storm, she's very...impressive," was that lust I hear in your voice
Norman? Wow, Norman Osborn had a thing for a woman who could be his daughter, how
utterly surprising. Not.
Norman continued, "but Peter, I was looking over a few of the patent's the Baxter Building
owns, and I came across something really revolutionary," he locked eyes with me, "tell me,
do you know about Parker Blood?"
I shouldn't be surprised, so I wasn't. I knew I can't act sheepish and shy, he would hate
weakness and looking weak in front of Norman Osborn was a big mistake. So I smile and
nodded, "know it? I invented it."
"You did?" Harry blinked.
"Yeah, why? Did you think someone else named their invention 'Parker'?" I scoffed. Valeri
looked taken back and Harry looked pissed off. Felicia looked curious, which was to be
expected, I don't talk to her about things like this.
"I expected as much," Norman smiled, "I looked over the patent, ingenious really. Tell me,
have you decided how you're going to go about marketing it?"
"Honestly no, making the plans is Sue's department, the rest of us just give her the toys and
give her our opinion," I shrugged.
"Ah, so she's who I must talk too," Norman nodded, "it's honestly very interesting, the way
you can transfer so much of power with nearly no loose, truey a mark on your record to be
proud off. Honestly Peter, I don't understand why you're still in school, your skills can be put
to use at work."
I shrugged, "I know, but I'm also not looking forward to that. I'm a kid Mr. Osborn, I know
that. Some people would want to rush through life but...well, I can't do that. I want to live life
before I have to work. There have been so many genius who went down that path and came
out not knowing how to be human, valuing their own intelligence than actual people. So...I
guess I just don't want to be an emotionless machine."
Norman nodded, "that is very well thought out and mature of you Peter," he glared at Harry,
"if only other children your age act the same."

I won't' lie, there's a part of me loves the fact Harry was being compared to me and looked
down at, it is a part of me I hate, but it is a part of me. So I just nodded and said nothing.
"Well, this has certainly been an….informative dinner," Valeri said looking at me in a new
light.
"Yes, it has," Norman looked at his watch, "oh dear, it's gotten very late. We have to leave,"
he stood up, "Valeri, it was a pleasure, you were an excellent host."
"Thank you Norman," we all stood up and walked to the door. Valeri opened the door, "I hope
you keep in mind what we discussed."
"Thank you, I will," Norman nodded and turned to me, "it was an unexpected surprise to see
you Peter. I'll be in touch with the Baxter Foundation in regards to your invention, I'm sure
Otto will find it interesting to look over."
I nodded, "I'll look forward to that."
The Osborn's left, Valeri closed the door and turned to me. She narrowed her eyes and me
and then Felicia. She didn't say anything before sighing, "it's was nice getting to know you
Peter. I hope to see you more, Felicia, say your goodbyes, I'm sure Peter's work is curious
where he was."
"Yes mother," Felicia hissed, but Valeri ignored her and went into the kitchen. My girlfriend
turned to me and smiled, "the way you stood up to my mom was such a turn on."
I grinned, "you're welcome. I won't lie, that felt good. I get what you say, she is a pain
sometimes."
"Now you know," she smiled. She pressed a soft kiss on my lips, I wrapped my arms around
her and hugged her deeply. She whispered, "knock on my window in one hour's time. You
still owe me a steamy foreplay session."
I bit down on her neck and whispered, "I know. And you owe me too, Kitten," I purred into
her ear before breaking the hug and left. I came back soon later and needless to say, we had a
very enjoyable evening.
The next Day:
School had began again after winter break, I honestly didn't remember what happened in
school I did remember Harry glaring at me, but Felicia and I didn't care. We spent the entire
time making googly eyes at each other, and the people were honestly surprised, they didn't
know we were dating after all. Well, they did now.
There was one interesting thing that came out of all of this, I finally got to take my driver's
test. I was only 15, and this was just practice, but I felt glad I was finally getting my hands
behind a wheel, it didn't matter how.
After school was over I went to the SHIELD bunker where I found Natasha waiting for me in
the conference hall with two folders in front of her. She looked at me and narrowed her eyes.

Great, what did I do now?
"You captured a drug lord and recorded it?" she asked. Oh, that's what.
I shrugged throwing my bag on the table, "in my defence, I had no idea Daves was going to
meet Marcelle, I just happened upon him and I decided to drop in."
"And you didn't think to call the cops?"
"Didn't want to risk Daves running away," I replied.
"And the video?"
"Proof, in case Nick tried to play it off."
"And getting your girlfriend involved?" she raised an eyebrow.
"...I'll admit, I did that for fun," I chuckled.
Nat grumbled, "at least you're honest. Fury was angry at the stung you pulled. He demoted
the techie that helped you identify John Travis."
"So Fury was...furious?" I chuckled.
Nat growled rubbing her temples, "God help me," she took one folder and slammed it on the
table, "here, you wanted a mission, you got one. Against my advice Fury believes you're
ready, so here, enjoy."
"Thanks, your enthusiasm is infectious Master Romanoff," I rolled my eyes. I took the file
and quickly read it over. There were reports of children going missing in West Bronx area,
some homeless kids or poor ones, so no one really noticed. But SHIELD did, and so did the
FBI, but the latter didn't have the resources to go after them, or the time. It wasn't important
enough, but now SHIELD has me.
I memorized the details, the children targeted were off the ages 12 to 16, some were younger,
but most were around puberty. They all were of different races, black, asian, white, nothing
specific. But there were a lot more girls than boys, might be something, can't say for sure.
I looked at Nat, "are you coming with me?"
She shook her head, "no, this is your mission and your mission alone."
"So that means you'll be trailing me and making sure I don't fuck up, nice," I ignored her sly
smile, turning back to the paper, "okay, just so that I know for sure I'm not going to get this
wrong, what's my mission objective?"
"Can't you read?"
"I want to hear it from you."

"Find the children, save them, detain everyone involved and call SHIELD. Understood?"
"Can I use any method I want?" I asked.
"Yes, within reason, so that means no posting it on Instagram," Natasha glared, and I ignored
her.
"Alright then," I put the folder away and took of my coat. I threw my shirt off revealing my
deactivated costume underneath. I put on my mask and activated it, slipped on my web
gauntlets and slammed my palm in the middle of my chest, activating the arc reactor, black
webs began growing outwards covering my costume.
"I didn't realise you figured out Stark's tech," Nat said with a raised eyebrow at my costume.
That's right, this is the first time she's actually seen it huh?
"Yeah," I nodded, "I figured it out some time last December."
"He is not going to happy about that," she smiled.
"Why? Do you think he'll sue me?" I asked a little afraid.
"No, he's probably going to be more upset a 15 year old kid figured out his tech in what? A
month?"
I shrugged, "about that long yeah. But I did have help, I stole the arc reactor off one of those
Hammer drones, helped me out a lot in figuring it out."
Natasha blinked, "when did you...never mind, call me if things go south, I need to report to
Fury," she got up and walked away.
I quickly left the bunker and swung my way to the Bronx. The city was slowly being covered
by darkness, I could feel the criminals getting ready to start their night. I stopped a mugging
on my way to West Bronx but that was it, I couldn't let anything distract me.
I reached the area with the most number of kidnappings, eight blocks of shadowy streets and
wrecked buildings. The people here were poor or homeless, I saw several families living in
one apartment, I saw people looking suspiciously at everything that moved. This place was
affected by the kidnappings, I could feel it. They were afraid for their kids.
I stalked the streets, my night vision goggles activated at all times allowed me to see
everything clearly. Nothing would escape my sight.
As I snuck around I heard the people living under the roofs yell out.
"This isn't safe anymore! We need to leave!"
"Daddy I'm scared."
"I'm in love man! She's totally the one!"

"Maybe the world can do with one more police man."
I heard their private conversation and I did my best to ignore them, though a few did make
me pause. Like the one where a man abused his son. That really pissed me off. But I was on a
mission, I couldn't do a thing without giving myself away.
But as the night went on I became more and more focused to the boy being abused. I felt
anger at the way his father beat him, how the mother cried out. How the boy cried.
I wanted to stop it, but just as I made up my mind to help the door to their house was thrown
open and the boy ran out.
"Get back here!" the father ran out belt in hand.
"Leave him George! Please!" the mother held him back with one arm.
"Let go of my bitch!" he slapped her across the face sending her flying back.
I narrowed my eyes, fucking creep. I jumped down, "hey you!" he turned to me and eyes
widened in surprise, "pick on someone your own size," I threw a light jab into his stomach,
knocking the wind out of him easily.
He fell to the ground holding his stomach in pain, his eyes widening in shock as he dry
heaved. I turned to the woman, "I'll bring him back, I promise."
She blinked, "t-thank you."
I nodded and immediately ran into the alleyway the kid ran into. I looked around the alley,
inside trash cans, street inlets, everywhere. He had ran, and didn't stop.
I eventually made it onto the main road and looked around, a small park was on the other
side, if I was a kid trying to run away that was where I would go.
I ran inside and began looking for hte boy. And just as I reached the heart of the park I heard
someone yell out, "help! Someone help me!"
It was the boy! I turned and ran towards the voice. I reached the other side just as a white van
speed off into the distance. The kidnappers, they had gotten him. I needed to follow.
I jumped onto the nearest telephone pole and leaped across them following the van off in the
distance. They were driving away quickly, but I managed to keep up, hiding off in the
shadows so they couldn't see me.
They drove for what must have been an hour, all the way around the city, doubling back.
They almost spoted me a few times, but I managed to stay hidden by climbing up the side of
buildings, hiding where they would never think to look.
Finally they stopped in front of a building in Hunts point. The building was shoved between a
Farmer's market and a warehouse, so boring looking I doubt anyone would have looked twice
at it.

The garage doors opened and the van drove in. I managed to spy men inside armed with guns
and heavy duty gear, they looked like military, expect they wore all black. Something was
wrong, this didn't feel like a child kidnapping ring at all. I needed to be cautious.
The building was three stories tall and the windows were tinted, something didn't feel right. I
jumped onto the roof and looked around for an air vent I could sneak in through. But the one
I found was too small for me to fit inside.
So with no other choice I began crawling down the walls, reaching a small window from
where I could smell urine and cleaning chemicals. The bathroom. I quickly covered the glass
window with a thin coating of my webbing and pressed my palm against it, pushing it slowly,
steadily building up the pressure before I heard the glass crack.
The webbing held all the pieces together and muffled the broken glass. I pulled the webbing
out and the glass pieces came along with it. I stuck it to the wall and crawled inside.
The toilet was empty, good. I hide inside a toilet stall and waited for around ten minutes when
finally someone walked in. I woman by the sound of her high heels. Great, just great, I snuck
into a woman's bathroom. No time for modesty, time to interrogate.
I heard her lean against the wash basin and pant, looks like she wasn't having a nice day. She
had blonde hair, blue eyes, a few inches shorter than me and she looked exhausted. I snuck
out of the stall and cleared my throat, "hello there."
"What the-" she turned around and I webbed her mouth closed. She looked horrified as she
grabbed the webbing and tried to break free.
I quickly covered the toilet door with my webbing and grabbed her by the neck, lifting her
into the air with one hand, "you're going to tell me what I want, and if you lie to me, I will
know. Do you understand?"
The woman looked panicked, she struggled to break free. I growled, I grabbed the wash basin
and slowly crushed it with my grip, turning it into rubble. She stopped and looked at me in
horror as I slowly tightened the hand I had around her throat.
"I can kill you without a second thought. So tell me what I want to know!"
This time she nodded. I threw her into a stall and closed the door behind me. I grabbed he
webbing and sprayed it with a solution that slowly dissolved it. It was something I came up
under the advice of Sue, good thing I listened to her huh?
"What is this place?" I growled, doing my best Batman voice.
"I-I don't know! No one knows! We got hired by some big company and asked...we were just
told to do some tests!"
"On children?" I growled making a leap, but something told me by the way she paled I was
right on the money.

"I didn't know! For the longest time we just perfected the formula! We didn't know what we
would be testing them on! When I found out I didn't want to do it! But they threatened my
family!"
I understood her feelings, regret, I could use this.
"Tell me everything and I'll stop them. Tonight, I'll make sure all the children escape and
even the scientist like you who had no choice in this."
"You can't," she said looking guilty and sad.
"I can, and I will," I told her firmly.
"You don't get it! You can't save them because they are all dead!" she was crying in tears.
My eyes went wide in horror. All those children, all of them….were dead? I...I couldn't
believe that. I….I was going to save them, I was going to take them to safety and
now….dead?
"Monsters," I growled.
"We are," she didn't try to deny it.
I felt guilty for not noticing this sooner, if maybe just one day earlier and one other child
would have been spared, one more family that weren't broke apart. And just then I
remembered the mother whose child I promised to return. There was still time, I could save at
least one child tonight.
"Tell me everything," I asked her softly.
"We were all fresh out of college," she admitted, "geneticists from the top universities in the
world. We were recruited and asked to replicate a formula, some kind of genetic enhancer.
We didn't know what it did, but the challenge was exciting. We were well paid and well
funded. And around two months ago we cracked it."
I nodded, two months ago the children started to disappear. "What happened next?"
"They-they brought in the children," she looked sick, "so many of them. They made us inject
the children with the formula, trying to...I don't know what. The gene was supposed to make
them powerful, beyond human. But...something went wrong. They died, they all died."
Experimentation on kids? Why did I feel like killing someone? "Did anyone participate
willingly?"
She shook her head, "no, nobody did."
"Then why?" I couldn't keep the hate out of my voice.
"Because they threatened us, everyone one of us," she explained. She told me that before, but
after what I just heard….I needed to know they had no choice in this as well.

I looked at her, she was scared. But I knew she was also feeling guilty, maybe she could help
me.
"How many guards in the building?"
She looked surprised at the question, "ah, well, 10 on each floor and 30 in the basement."
"What's in the basement?"
"T-that's where the gas chamber is," she gulped, "we have to supply the formula through the
air. No other choice. So the children are….are…."
"It's okay, you don't have to say it," I stop her, "tell me..."
"Betty, Betty Cooper," the woman supplied.
I blinked, "like the Archie Andrews comic books?"
She chuckled, "yup. I'm surprised, I didn't realize superhero's well, read comics."
I scoffed, "woman, I am a comic." She laughed, and for a moment everything seemed better. I
sighed and spoke, "Betty, I need your help."
She looked afraid, "w-what? Me? But what can I do?"
"You can get me proof," I told her, "you have files of your experiments, yes?"
"Yes, we all do."
"Well I need them."
"Why? What can you do with them?"
"I've been sent by the government, originally I thought it was just a kidnapping ring, but now
it is so much more than that. I need proof, I need information so that my employers can track
them down. The people that forced you to kill children, they don't deserve to hide in the
shadows and play around with human lives. Help me, help you."
I moved back and waited. She looked conflicted for the longest time. And then she looked up
at me with determined eyes, "I-I'll do it!"
I nodded, "good. Now," I kicked open the stall door, "let's go save that kid."
We snuck out and I followed Betty's lead as we snuck into her lab. There I hacked into the
system and downloaded the building's plans into my SA. She and I then split ways, she went
to the main data storage of this entire building, while I made my way downstairs.
I quickly found three guards down the corridor. I smiled, I leaped up and kicked the one in
the middle right in the back sending him flying forward.

"What the-," the one on the right said just as my fist meet his face and my left leg kicked the
last guy in the groin before I kneed him in the face.
I grabbed all three and stuck them to the wall with my super hard webbing just as my phone
rang.
I picked it up and put it on speaker, "hello, you're on speaker."
"Why? Isn't this supposed to be a stealth mission?" came Nat's drowning voice.
"It was, now it's more like a get to the basement as fast as you can kind of thing," I webbed
two more guards before they even noticed me and quickly ran into the elevator at the end of
the corridor.
"Spider, is there anything you wish to tell me?" she asked slowly.
"Yeah, tell the Director he should have had someone on this the moment the kids started to
vanish," the elevator dropped to the first floor. "Someone's been experimenting on them,
trying to mutate them with some mutagen. Even the scientists working here are doing so
under protest. Every child so far has been killed, only one's alive, and I'm not planning on
letting him die."
"Spider you should wait for backup," Natasha hissed.
"No," I growled back "it's now or never. Sorry Widow, but I'm not the kind of guy who sits
back and lets a kid get killed," the elevator slowed down, "bring people to my position, don't
hurt the scientists, the guards on the other hand are fair play."
"Fine Spider," she sighed, "just...just don't die, okay?"
I chuckled, "okay Widow, I promise," I hanged up just as the doors opened and two guards
looked at me in surprise.
"What the fuck-" I grabbed them both and pulled them inside. I threw them into the lift and
started to beat on them. The doors slowly closed and when they opened I was the only one
who walked out with the other two unconscious bodies behind me.
I snuck along the shadows of long and dark corridor. According to the schematics of the
building there should be a large room further ahead. I found it quickly, but soon realised it
was locked, not with a key too, it was the digital kind. Luckily I had just the thing for
something like that.
I took out the Oscorp decoder box I stole from Rhino's crew and set it against the digital lock,
the machine activated and whirled, running quickly through numbers before I heard the door
unlock.
I took the decoder box and quietly walked into the room, closing the door behind me. Inside
looked like a villain's lair if I ever saw on.

The walls were lined with machines and screens, scientist walking around looking at
calculations, and for each scientist there were two guards with machine guns. And in the
middle of the room was a glass box chamber with an unconscious boy inside it, pipes
connected to the inside.
The boy looked safe, if just asleep. I quickly hide behind a large work station, jumping onto
the wall and crawling my way near the rafters.
"When will it be ready?!" I heard a man yelling. He was standing on a stage before the glass
box, decked out in full armour and a robotic right arm. He looked old, like Vietnam old, and
judging my the muscles and the scars he probably was in Vietnam.
"W-we are just finishing the formula sir, just a few more seconds and it could improve the
chance of success by 12%" a skinny man stood next to the old soldier looking horrified.
"12%? That doesn't seem like much," the man growled.
The skinny scientist gulped, "y-yes, but it is something. The child might even survive this
time and-"
"-Your job isn't to save worthless rats!" the man yelled, slamming his metal fist into the stage
railing denting it. "Your job is to provide results!"
"Y-yes sir! I know, but-"
"-But nothing!" the man yelled, "start the experiment now! Or do you want a reminder of
what I did to your predecessor?" he ended with a growl.
"N-no sir! We'll start right away! Charles! Get everything set! Experiment 32 begins now!"
"Yes Dr. Lang!" a younger man nodded as he moved to press a big red button. I couldn't hide
any longer, I needed to stop him!
"Wait!" I yelled out stopping everyone in the room, drawing all eyes on me. They looked
shocked at seeing me, I gulped, "so….lovely weather today right?"
"What the hell is Spider-Man doing here?!" the old soldier yelled out.
"Stopping you!" I yelled out, pulling out a web cartridge and throwing it at the main control
panels. The moment it struck, it exploded into a web grenade, seeping into every crack of the
machinery.
"No! He's ruining everything!" the old man yelled, he turned to a couple of stunned guards,
"what are you waiting for?! Shoot him!"
The guards broke out of their stunned surprise and quickly opened fire at me. Luckily my
spider senses kicked in and I dodged the bullets with ease, leaping away, towards the glass
box with the kid inside.

"Bet you can't shoot me!" I taunted. The guards fell for it, shooting at me, I dodged quickly,
the bullets breaking the glass box with the kid inside.
"No! Stop him you idiots!" the soldier yelled as everyone else in the room ran away in a
panic.
"Thanks you guys! I don't know how I would have broken him out of that box otherwise!" I
chuckled as I leaped onto the wall and jumped away, hoping to empty their clips quickly.
But I didn't pay attention to what it was they fired at. A bullet pierced a pipe line next to my
mask releasing a green gas that clouded my vision. Immediately everything went blurry and I
lost all sense of balance dropping to the ground like a fly.
"You fools! You've killed us all!" Dr. Lang yelled out as he and his assistants ran out of the
room.
I felt my head spin, was I poisoned? Oh God, the gas. I could see it leaking out, it would kill
the kid, so many dead, I can't let any more die.
I stood up slowly, I saw the guards running away in the corner of my eye. Fucking cowards. I
looked at the pipe and held up a shaky hand. I blinked away my heavy eyelids and fired a
stream of webbing covering up the pipe, sealing the gas leak.
"Impressive," came the voice of the soldier. I looked up, he was looking down at me from his
stage.
"You didn't run like a coward," I chuckled as I felt my feet slowly get it's strength back, I
stopped seeing three and slowly focused on him.
"You really are amazing, you know that?" he asked with a smile, "people who have subjected
to that gas died in seconds, but you? You survived...you are an asset to my employers."
"Sorry pal, I ain't nobody's asset, least of all a cult of child killers," I spat.
"Sacrifices have to be made," he shrugged as he grabbed his armour and threw it off
revealing a muscular body underneath that could have put Thor to shame on the basis of pure
muscle mass.
"I'll give you one chance Spider, join me, together we can save the world," the man grinned.
"Sorry, not going to happen," I was panting, don't know how long I can keep standing.
"Fine, be that way, I'll extract your secret's from your corpse!" he charged at me with his right
hand raise up. It's palm suddenly changed into a giant metal blade coming straight for me.
I would have usually jumped away and drawn out the fight, learning who he was and who he
was working for, but I don't have time for that.
I held up my hand and fired a repulsor blast at his metal arm ripping it into pieces. He swung
a stump at me and blinked when it failed to hurt me.

"How did you-"
I fired a web line at his mouth and grabbed him by the collar throwing him up into the air
before sticking him to the wall with webbing. "Simple, I'm Spider-man," I turned to the kid,
he was slowly coming too. I really wasn't looking forward to this.
I grabbed the kid and put him on my back as I walked into the elevator. It opened up into the
ground floor and I slowly walked to the exit. But as I neared the exit I noticed flashes of red
and blue outside, please let that be SHIELD, please let that be SHIELD.
I walked out and found the scientist and armed guards being restrained by men and women in
black suits. They had the SHIELD logo on their arms -yes!- and standing in front of me with
a raised eyebrow was none other than Fury himself.
"And here I thought we wouldn't be seeing each other again," I chuckled weakly, that gas was
coming back, I think... I might faint this time.
"Well, I didn't expect this now did I?" he asked, "32 children kidnapped and experimented on,
and we had no idea."
"31," I told him.
"What?" he asked raising an eyebrow.
"31," I moved the kid off my back and called an agent over, putting him into her waiting
arms, "he's had a rough home life, so when you return him, make sure you rough up his dad
for me, okay?"
The agent looked skeptical, she turned to Fury who just sighed and nodded. The woman then
left with the kid in hand and I turned my attention to Fury.
"Are you here to fire me?" I asked.
He raised an eyebrow, "why would I?"
"Because I didn't wait for backup," I sighed leaning against a phone pole, yeah, the gas was
affecting me. Please don't tell me this is how I fucking die!
"You did what you were told," Fury sighed rubbing his one eye, "I suppose it's not your fault
the intelligence was so wrong..."
I sighed, "so I'm not fired, yay!"
"No, you aren't, in fact I'm here to congratulate you on your first mission," Fury nodded, "and
to clean up this mess."
I smiled, "talk to Betty Cooper, blonde, and no, I'm not making this up. She has all the files
you'll need regarding the experiments they were doing. It should be a good place to start."

Fury nodded, "I bet it is," I felt my eyes grow heavy, he noticed me leaning on the pole, "are
you okay? You look exhausted."
"I am," I told him, "I was exposed to some kind of gas in there. It was what they used to
experiment on the kids. I don't think I'll die or something, my blood's...it's special. But, I do
feel exhausted, maybe...maybe just a nap."
Fury looked worried, "what you need is a doctor."
"So you can experiment on me while I'm sleeping? No thanks," I chuckled.
"This isn't a joke Spider," he growled.
"Fine," I sighed, "call Susan Storm, she knows a lot more about my blood work than anyone
else on the planet. If anyone can help me, she can. Call her, now."
Fury nodded, "fine. Anything else you need?"
I chuckled, "oh I don't know, since you're asking, could I maybe have another one of these
combat suits you guy have? And make it a woman's size," Fury raised an eyebrow, "please
don't ask me why."
"I have a feeling I'm going to regret this," he sighed.
I chuckled, "y-yeah, you just-" and suddenly my legs gave out and I fell to the side. My head
hit the pavement but I felt nothing. I heard Fury's muffled yells through my helmet but I
didn't care to listen. I just needed some sleep...yeah, that's what I need.
Okay, I'll admit that did go a little dark near the end, but it was needed, this is the start
of this Spider's story in the MCEU. Very important, trust me.
Also yay! Felicia's mom's a bitch! That should explain a little more as to why she does
what she does.
Also...Norman gave Peter credit...what a surprise. Huh. Also remember to leave kudos
because it means the stories get updated faster. This fic used to get updated more but
now PJO and the WoM gets updated more. because they have 40 more kudos. Also YAY
we hit 100k words! now lets get to 100k hits!

Chapter 15: Subject D
I woke up feeling comfortable. I looked around, I know this place, it was the first room I ever
saw in the Baxter building, the med bay. Damn it, I must have gotten knocked out.
I was still wearing my Spiderman costume, my helmet was removed and placed on the side
table along with my web gauntlets. I got off the bed and my feet wobbled slightly, they felt
heavy, like really heavy.
I put on my gauntlets and helmet and walked out of the room, I needed to find Sue, she
would have some idea what was going on.
I walked down the corridor and came upon her lab, I opened the door and stepped in, "Sue,
we need to talk."
"Peter?! Oh my God you're awake!" Sue cried out as she ran up to me and hugged me, "we
were all so worried! When Fury brought you in we thought you were going to die! Johnny
looked like he was going to go super nova! When they told you what you did though-"
"-Sue, breath," I chuckled.
Sue took a deep breath and let it out. She hugged me once again, "I'm glad you're alive."
I hugged her, "so am I Sue."
"And don't you ever do something like that again?!" she yelled out hitting me in the shoulder
as hard as she could, "we all thought you were dead! What were you thinking?!"
"Ah, in my defence there was a child's life on the line," I sighed as I removed my helmet
showing off my real face.
"And sometimes you forget that you're also a child," Sue shoot back.
I grinned, "that didn't seem to stop you from checking out my ass whenever I'm in costume."
"I-I do not!" she blushed.
"It's fine Sue, I do the same when I see you in costume," I winked.
She sighed rubbing her temples, "you're impossible."
"Indeed," I smiled.
Sue sighed and pointed at a chair, "sit, and take off your costume, I need a blood sample from
you and I couldn't figure out how to remove it."
"Johnny didn't tell you?" I asked as I expanded my costume and shimmed out of it sitting on
the stool in nothing but my briefs.

"No, Johnny, Reid and Ben all left with Fury," Sue explained with her back towards me, she
was preparing a few needles to extract my blood, "Johnny wanted to help get those guys in
jail and Ben was willing to lend a hand. Reed is in Finland though, he was called to consult in
some kind of secret project last week. I don't know when exactly he'll be back, but-"
She stopped mid sentence as she turned to me. I blinked, "Sue? You okay?"
She looked down at my body, her eyes lingering on my abdomen before slowly going lower. I
was about to tease her again when I felt something in the air. I could almost smell it, like a
different kind of scent I never smelt before. I smelt it and blinked as I realised it was coming
from Sue herself, and it smelt amazing, like warm maple syrup.
"Sue?" I asked again.
She snapped out of her daze, "w-what? Oh, yeah, I'm fine," she blushed and quickly met my
eyes, "h-here, shouldn't need too much of your blood," she said as she carefully pressed the
needle into my arm practicing a syringe full of my blood.
Why she did that I was focused on that smell, it was stronger now, it was coming from here.
But I never smelt it before in my life, at least nothing like this. So how? Or rather, what is it?
Did it have something to do with the gas I was exposed to? Did it change me? Mutate my
powers?
Sue coughed, "so ah Peter, tell me what happened."
I sighed, "well where to begin," I quickly told her about the mission and what had happened.
The gas and why I think it might had gotten to me.
"Well we'll just see about that," Sue said as she took my blood to her work station, she looked
over her shoulder, her eyes going down my body again and I immediately smelt that warm
husky maple syrup scent, "you ah, you can put your clothes back on Peter."
I nodded, usually I would I just teased about perving on my body, but now? Now things are
too weird, I need be serious, this was an unknown factor, I needed to deal with it properly.
I went back to my lab and grabbed my civilian clothes that I have stashed away just in case I
needed it. I pack up my costume and put the away, coming back to Sue's lab. Her monitors
were filled with images of my blood and Sue looked at them like she didn't understand what
was going on.
"What's wrong?" I asked her.
"Nothing," Sue hissed, "which is exactly the problem. You blood is different now, it's genetic
structure is….it's like i mutated," she pulled up two monitors displaying my genetic helix,
"the one on the right is your blood a week ago, the one on the left is your blood now."
I looked at the two samples, the one I had a week ago looked to be relatively normal, and so
did the one I had now. But upon further looking I realised certain strands were different,
mutated into something else entirely.

"How?" I asked.
"I have a theory," she said, "it's relating to your meta powers." I nodded allowing her to
continue, "you see, I think your blood is the key to your survival. Like we figured out the first
time around, your blood adapts itself to foreign invaders, so maybe this time it did the same
thing."
I hummed, "do you have the files from the lab? Do we know what this thing was?"
Sue nodded, "yeah, just a sec," she quickly pulled up various documents up on the screen,
"from what I understand these geneticists were task to recreate some kind of way to duplicate
a mutagene. From what I understand this gas was based upon a 'Subject- D', someone who
apparently has some sort of special powers."
"Do we know what kind of powers he had?" I asked.
"No, her file wasn't included in the folders SHIELD gathered," Sue told me.
"Subject- D is a woman," I stated, "okay...how about her genetic sequence? Can we figure out
what's so special about her through it?"
"No, because they didn't know either."
"What? How's that possible? They were trying to recreate her powers but had no idea how
they worked or even what they were?!"
"Why do you think 31 children died as a result?" Sue spat out, "fucking monsters. They
weren't given enough time or material to research, it's like giving a toddler a few water
colours and asking him to paint the Mona Lisa. Impossible, unless you have a genius working
for them."
I sighed, "so what do we know about the gas itself? What can we tell?"
"Well, the gas was made up of certain properties that I'm not really sure about," Sue
grumbled, "it seems the scientist were given a sample of Subject- D's blood, but were not
allowed to examine it. So instead they had to somehow push the blood to take over
the….children's bodies," she stopped, "children Peter...fucking children!"
I hanged my head, "I know Sue, belive me, I know."
"How did SHIELD not know about this?" she asked.
"They did...they just didn't have anyone to take the mission, until me that is," I sighed.
"I swear, next time I see Fury I'm going to strangle him!" she yelled sending out a flash of
power that pushed everything around her as she created an invisible force field around
herself.
"Sue, calm down," I quickly told.

"Yeah….sorry about that," she growled before turning to her monitor.
I was about to reply when I smelt something in the air again, rusted copper. It smelt burnt, a
fire? "Sue, do you smell that?"
Sue looked confused, "smell what?"
"That," I sniffed, "like burnt copper. Like something's burning?"
"I'm not sure," Sue groaned, she opened up the security cameras in the Baxter building, "I'm
not getting any fire alarms anywhere on the top five floors Peter."
I narrowed my eyes, I moved towards her to look at the screen and immediately the scent got
stronger. It was coming from her? Again?
I blinked, "I-ah….forget about it."
Sue looked worried, "Peter, if you're smelling something that isn't there maybe you have a
concussion or something. Maybe you should rest."
I shock my head, "not until I figure out what's wrong with me."
"Peter-"
"-Sue, please, I need to know," I pleaded.
Sue sighed, "fine." She opened my blood work again, "they used radiation to try and fuse
Subject- D's blood into...their test subjects," she growled and once more I smelt the copper
blood. Was it her anger I smelt? Can I do that now?
"So radiation, again," I sighed, "first it was a radiated spider, now radiated gas…..Wait a
minute, can we reverse engineer my two blood samples and see the difference that have
occurred so far?"
Sue's eyes went wide before she smiled, "that's brilliant!" She quickly began to move around
her lab, I watched as she got to work doing something I didn't even have the first clue what.
What? There were limits to what Peter could be amazing at, genetics isn't one of them.
"God dammit!" she cried out suddenly.
I immediately walked up to her, "what's wrong?"
"Your blood! That's what's wrong!" Sue yelled out, "it's fucking locked!"
I blinked, "what do you mean?"
"When I tried to analyze your DNA the genomes were unreadable," she hissed, the smell of
burnt copper taking the air, "it was like….like an encrypted computer. I couldn't access the
changes made, it's like your DNA has a passcode for it, so I can't decode it!"

I blinked, "how is that even possible?"
Sue sighed, "your genes have a sort of protective layer of enzymes covering them, preventing
people from understanding what they are. It's the same thing that allows you to adapt from
your spider bite, assimilating your spider power, only now it prevents me from looking into
it's genetic structure. We use enzymes for genetic surgery, but the moment I introduce any
enzyme your...layer of protection kind of blocks it, preventing me from even looking inside."
I thought about it for a long time and I guess it sort of made sense, "so when you say you
need a pass code to access the DNA..."
"I mean I need a specific enzyme that can cut into your genetic material without getting
absorbed or destroyed."
I rubbed my head, "fuck me."
"You're telling me," Sue sighed as she leaned against her table in defeat.
"Well look at it this way, at least now people won't be using my blood to clone an army," I
chuckled.
Sue looked at me with a raised eyebrow, "you think of weirdest things Peter."
I shrugged, "oh please, you think some mad man out there isn't planning the very same thing?
Heck, SHIELD probably has some of my DNA already, but hopefully they can't study it too."
"Let's hope so," Sue sighed, "I'm sorry Peter, I guess I haven't been much help today huh?"
"Are you kidding? You've helped me more than enough," I smiled, "I know I'm not dying, so
that's like, super important stuff."
Sue rolled her eyes, "yeah, I guess. I just wish I knew what changed in you."
I shrugged, "whatever it is, I'm sure I'll find out pretty soon," I wished Sue well and quickly
left for home. Luckily Sue had covered for me with my Aunt and Uncle, telling them I was
just working late.
The next day I was in school like nothing ever happened. Natasha kept giving me cautiously
looks during English class but I quickly assured her everything was fine, and if I needed help
I would tell her.
After school Felicia, MJ and I went to our favorite coffee shop for their tutoring lessons. I sat
down and sighed, my body was feeling a little heavy, did I eat too much?
Maybe….something's not right.
"You okay Tiger?" MJ asked as she took out her physics book, "you look a little under the
weather."
"I'm fine," I sighed, "just came home late last night, I had a lot of work to do."

"For the FF?" Felicia raised an eyebrow as she sat down next to me.
"No, for a client," I told her, which was our way of saying it was Spider-man related.
"Hm, are you okay?" she asked checking my temperature, "you don't have a fever."
"No, just a little..sluggish I suppose?" I sighed.
"Oh honey, do you want me to kiss it and make it better?" Felicia asked.
I smiled, "hm, could help," she leaned in and kissed me on the lips, I suddenly was assaulted
by the scent of warm maple syrup once again, lust. Thank God, because if she was feeling
anything else that would be weird.
"Do you feel up for teaching?" MJ asked, ignoring the fact Felicia's tongue was still in my
mouth.
I broke the kiss and turned to her, "yeah, I'm fine, just….I'll be right back," I stood up, my
stomach was spinning.
"Peter-" Felicia called out in worry.
"I'm fine, I promise," I told her quickly rushing to the wash room.
"Do you think it's some sort of virus?" MJ asked.
Felicia shock her head, "no, if it was I would have it too."
MJ's cheeks turned red, "because you two are….physical."
Felicia grinned, "you could just say making out Red."
"R-right," she stammered out, "I didn't realise you guys were...there yet."
"We are," Felicia nodded, "you and Harry?"
"No," MJ growled, "he's very pushy, but the way he's treating me….I don't really see this
ending well for us."
"Hm, tell me how is Osborn?" Felicia asked sipping her drink, "good kisser?"
"Well," MJ blushed, "he's okay, makes me happy when he does it, but he's always so...pushy.
He ruins the moment you know, tries to get too much too soon."
Felicia nodded, "yeah, I get that. Before Peter I dated a few guys like that, but it gets better I
promise. You just need to get yourself a Peter is all."
MJ sighed, "yeah, maybe you're right…..so, how's Peter?"
"Perfect," Felicia grinned, "I swear it's like he's a different person. He's so demanding
sometimes, but he isn't really like, physical?"

"What do you mean? How is it no physical?" MJ asked.
"Well...it's like he demands your mind, body and soul to pay attention to him," Felicia
chuckled, "it's honestly kind of cute. But when you're in the moment, it's like you don't even
think of saying no."
MJ blinked, "huh, congrats I guess."
"Thanks, I really lucked out. Most guys like him would be so arrogant about it, they think just
because they have a huge dick they can like demand whatever they want and not give
anything in return. So I'm glad-"
"-Wait what?!" MJ yelled out in shock. Everyone turned to look at her and the redhead
blushed. She quickly went around the table and sat next to Felicia and whispered, "what do
you mean?!"
"What?" Felicia asked confused.
"What do you mean….dick," MJ blushed, "have you guys d-done it already?!"
Felicia looked surprised, "well...yeah. Wait, did you think I was talking about just making out
all this while?"
"Yes!"
"Ha! Your priceless Red," Felicia laughed as she sipped her drink.
"H-how?! When?!"
"The night of your play," Felicia replied with a shrug.
"W-what?!" MJ squeaked, "so soon?!"
Felicia shrugged, "it felt right. I wanted to and so did he and...well, we felt really close that
night," Felicia smiled remembering her finding out his secret and him loving her while
knowing hers. It really was an amazing night.
"B-but," MJ looked shocked, "woah."
"Yeah, I had the same reaction," Felicia teased.
"So when you said he was demanding..."
"Oh yeah, rough, but not so much it hurt," Felicia then remembered the pain of losing her
virginity, "well..maybe there was a little pain."
MJ blinked, "Felicia, details, now." Felicia looked surprised but shrugged, she then proceeded
to tell MJ of her first time, going into details whenever necessary.

I walked into the bathroom and reached the sink, dry heaving into it. I looked up, my face
looked shaken, slowly loosing colour. I quickly washed my face, maybe it was time to call
SHIELD?
But then suddenly my body stopped shaking, the upset stomach went away, I felt normal
again. I sighed, what the hell is going on?
Suddenly I felt something, my hands started to twitch. I could feel some sort of energy inside
my hands, I could feel it growing. My muscles twitched, I was curious, I held onto this
feeling and slowly tried to pull out more of this energy, when slowly my arms started to glow
blue.
My eyes went wide, the hair on my arms stood up straight from static, the energy building up
in my arms grew and grew and then suddenly;
Boom!
The blue energy was discharged from my hand, the surprising force of the attack made me
lose my balance sending me on my ass, the blue bolt of energy struck the bathroom window
and evaporated into thin air, sparks of electricity flew through the mirror's surface.
I started at my hands, the glowing energy slowly died down, I could feel more inside of me,
but without me guiding it out there it will remain. My logical mind quickly took over, I
needed to process this, quickly.
The energy I drew out was from my own body, it glowed blue and acted like a plasma bolt. It
didn't have mass...it's acted like arc's of electricity when hitting the mirror, glass was a great
insulator of electricity, hence why it didn't shatter.
"What the hell is this?" this wasn't a power Spider-man had….at least not this version of him.
Miles Morals, he had an attack similar to this, harnessing his bio electricity to stun people.
Meaning...no, that didn't make sence, Miles, if he was alive, would be too young to have
powers of his own. Meaning it was someone else.
The powers, they came from the gas, which had the DNA of 'Subject- D'...D….Drew? Jessica
Drew? Oh my God, it fits, Jessica Drew has her own form of venom blasts and….she could
control and detect pheromones! One of which I could now do!
She also had abilities similar to Peter's but since I already have them I doubt there will be
much of a difference in that. I know she has a few things unique only to here, but now I have
them as well.
I reached back into my memory, Jessica Drew, Spider-woman, no relation with Peter Parker.
Smart, loyal, sexy as fuck if I remember correctly and….she was an Agent of Hydra.
If 'Subject- D' was Drew, then the people we caught last night were...Hydra. And if this
universe is similar to the Marvel cinematic universe, the SHIELD is HYDRA! Which is why
people dismissed the child kidnapping case for so long! HYDRA was buying it's people time!

Fury was angry at me, he acted out of anger and assigned me a case he was never supposed
to. In doing so he messed up Hydra's plan, and I...holy shit, the soldier, he was a high ranking
member in the operation, a member of HYDRA!
I didn't want to tell Fury about HYDRA, I didn't know how to explain a 15 year old kid
knowing about an agency hidden inside another agency that is the most highly protected and
mysterious one in the world.
But now I could! I just needed to get that old man to talk!
I took out the SHIELD issue phone and called Nat, it rang twice before she picked up, "what
is it Spider?"
"The old soldier from last night, did he say anything?"
"Why? Is something wrong?"
I hesitated, should I tell her about my powers? No...SHIELD already had a file on me,
meaning HYDRA had a file on me. In case they ever plan on taking me out, I would need an
ace up my sleeve, and my new powers need to be kept hidden.
"No," I lied, "I'm fine. But I was just curious about the man who ordered the deaths of 32
children. Did you get him talking yet?"
"Spider….he's dead," she spoke out.
My heart skipped a beat, I growled, "how?"
"Cyanide capsule," she replied.
"You didn't think to check for one of those?!" I yelled.
"We did, he had another one, we don't know how he got it."
"Did someone on the inside give it to him?"
"You think we have a spy in SHIELD?"
"I would be surprised if we didn't," I hissed, "someone delayed the case being picked up, if I
didn't get Fury to give me a case, it probably would have never been picked up. Something's
not right Widow."
She was silent for a long time before speaking, "agreed...but until we know what we can't
move, do you understand?"
I sighed, "yeah."
"Do everything you normally do, don't draw attention to yourself, they could be watching."

"Yeah...I know," I became slightly paranoid, but I calmed myself down, panicking won't help
anyone.
"Good...I won't be in for your training today, Fury has me investigating the genetics lab.
Enjoy."
"When will you be back?"
"Unknown, if it lasts more than I week I'll have someone take over."
"Fine, take care Widow."
"You too Spider."
She hung up, I sighed, hopefully HYDRA won't start taking an interest in me, hopefully
they'll just think I survived because of my powers, and not because I was able adapt gaining
me new ones.
I walked out of the bathroom and too the girls. Felicia was whispering something to MJ
making the girl blush harder and harder by the second.
"Hey," I called out.
MJ jerked up and looked at me. And immediately her eyes went to my crotch before she
looked back at me, "h-hey," she croaked out.
I blinked, suddenly I smelt maple syrup, arousal. And it was coming from MJ. I raised an
eyebrow, "is everything okay?"
"Yes Tiger," Felicia whispered, "just perfect."
"Y-yeah!" MJ replied.
"Okay then," I said cautiously sitting down across from them.
"You feeling better?" MJ asked.
"Yeah, just an upset stomach, I'm fine now," I told them, I would need to test out my powers,
see what I could really do. But later, not right now. "By the way Kitten, my boss just called, I
don't have to get to work today, so if you we can spend some time together."
Immediately Felicia smiled, "really?! That's great! What do you want to do?"
I shrugged, "anything babe, I'm all yours today."
"Well," she looked me up and down, "maybe...shopping!"
"Shopping?" I asked.
"Yup! It's about time I buy you something decent Peter!" she hissed, "you have such an
amazing body, but you keep wearing those big clunky clothes!"

I looked down, she was right. I have been meaning to spice up Peter's wardrobe for some
time now, but I either never had the time or money for that. Huh, guess I do now.
"Okay Kitten, let's go shopping," I smiled.
"Yes!" Felicia smiled.
"After we finish studying," I told her.
"Oh come on, we already know this stuff!" Felicia whined, ", you taught us this weeks ago!
We are basically just revising everything right?!"
"Well...I suppose," I hummed.
"That settles it, we're going shopping! Now!" Felicia slammed her books shut and packed
them away.
I sighed and turned to MJ, "sorry MJ, but I think we have to call it early today."
MJ nodded, "it's fine Tiger, I get it. Anyway, enjoy your date you two," MJ moved to leave
when Felicia stopped her.
"Where do you think you're going Red?" Felicia spoke, "you're coming with us!"
"I am?"
"She is?" I asked surprised.
"Isn't this like, a boyfriend girlfriend date thing?" MJ asked in surprise.
"Yeah, but I need your help, you think he'll just sit there let me try on clothes all day?" Felicia
huffed, "Peter is a two woman job, so you're going to help me pick his clothes and then you
can leave."
I honestly didn't mind, MJ and I haven't spoken much lately, so I just shrugged my shoulders.
MJ looked at Felicia and then at me before nodded, "okay, sounds fun."
We left the cafe almost immediately and got into a cab that dropped us off at a mall a few
blocks down. Felicia practically dragged MJ and I inside. Her first stop, buying me
underwear.
"Here," she tossed several packages of briefs into our shopping bag, "very important."
I raised an eyebrow looking at them, red, blue, black...pink? "Ah, Kitten, I have plenty of
underwear."
"And I am tired of seeing only white!" Felicia glared as MJ blushed.
I looked at MJ and grumbled, "Felicia!"

"What? She'll get used to it," she said waving off MJ's embarrassment, "now, let's see what
we can do with you."
It was two hours of what felt like Purgatory. I was dragged from store to store made to try on
clothes like an app that let you dress up a barbie doll with a swipe of a button. I felt
humiliated, and I almost faked a heart attack to get out of it. Almost.
In the end I did manage to get a few clothes I liked, a leather jacket, a nice pair of pants and
even a cool shirt with Tony Stark's arc reactor in the middle, it even glowed!
But MJ and Felicia also got me a lot of other clothes I wouldn't even think of wearing. They
made me look like a snobbish douche, like Harry. I managed to curb the girls attention and
throw away the really ugly ones, but I still got an entirely new wardrobe filled with pompous
looking clothes.
After shopping we decided to go to a restaurant for an early dinner, a restaurant down two
blocks down.
"This way," MJ said pointing down an alleyway, "it's a short cut."
Felicia and I shrugged and followed her. I was stuck carrying the bag, though thanks to my
spider strength I barely even felt it.
"So Tiger what's your plan for the evening?" Felicia asked.
"Well, I have to be in the Baxter building after dinner, Sue needs to runs some more tests
on...on a project she's working on. I'm assisting her," Felicia raised an eyebrow and I waved it
off, mouthing, 'later'.
"It's so cool that you work with the FF Tiger," MJ sighed, "it's so cool. Hey, does Johnny
Storm really sleep naked?"
I blinked, "no, why would you think that? And more importantly why do you think I would
know if he did?"
"Well, wouldn't he like burn his clothes while sleeping?" MJ asked, "so I don't know...it
would make sense if he just slept naked."
"Yeah, it would," Felicia nodded, "and what about the Thing? Does he have a junk? Or is it
like covered up those rocks?"
"And can like Mr. Fantastic increase the size of any part of his body?" MJ asked.
I blinked, "you know….I don't know...huh, I should ask them."
"Ha, yeah you should," Felicia snorted.
Just then a figure jumped out from behind a dumpster and stood in front of us. He had his
hood up and flashed a knife, "cash, now!"

MJ screamed in terror as she jumped back, Felicia went to move but I stopped her, pushing
her and MJ behind me. She was good, but she didn't have super powers. I looked at her shock
my head, she hesitated before standing down.
"I said cash, now!" the man yelled out.
I looked at him, I could kick his ass without using my powers, I could...but something was
wrong. His hands were shaking, nervousness? No...I smelt something else, a lemony scent, I
instantly connected with a feeling of dread...fear. He was afraid.
"You don't want to do this," I told him softly.
"Give me all your money kid! Now! And no one gets hurt!"
"Do as he says Peter!" MJ whispered out.
Felicia snarled but I held her back, I looked at the man, "this is the first time you're doing this
isn't that right?"
The man stopped, "w-what?"
"People don't mug people in this part of town, to many cops...you're new at this. And you're
desperate," I slowly moved towards him, "you don't want to hurt me."
"I-I can't, I don't have a choice!" he yelled, but I see the knife slowly moving down.
"You always have a choice," I told him, "why? Why do you need the cash."
"M-my family," he stammered, "they'll stare."
"Okay….then here," I took out my wallet, it had a hundred dollar note in it. I also took out an
old bill and wrote down a number. I gave the man the cash and number, "take the cash, feed
your family. The number I wrote down is to a homeless shelter that'll take in anyone. If you
can't feed them, take them there. If you do this again, you might get caught next time, and
then you'll never be able to help them."
The man snatched the money and note and ran. He looked back at me, hesitation in his eyes,
before he continued running.
I sighed, "poor guy."
"You should have just kicked his ass," Felicia argued.
"He was just trying to feed his family Kitten," I told her picking up the shopping bags, "don't
pretend you won't do the same."
Felicia paused, "maybe….but still. Next time we'll do it my way."
"Peter, that...that was amazing," MJ said in slight awe.

I looked at her and chuckled, "oh it was nothing."
"Nothing? You just-I can't even-ARGH! You are impossible Peter Parker!" MJ threw her
hands up in frustration walking out of the alley as quickly as she could.
I turned to Felica, "what's her problem?"
Felicia chuckled, "oh Tiger, you have so much to learn."
We did end up having a nice early dinner despite the mugging incident. Felicia had to pay,
considering I didn't have any cash, I really should get a debit card, go cashless and all that.
I sent Felicia back home in a cab, promising to see her tomorrow at school. MJ and I then
took another one back home, the whole ride MJ gave me the silent treatment.
"So...are we just going to pretend you aren't ignoring me?" I asked her.
"I'm not ignoring you," she replied.
"Well it kind of feels like you are," I reply back.
"Well maybe I'm just upset that you try to reason with the guy who tried to mug us!"
I sighed, "sorry. Just seemed like the path of least violence," the cab pulled up, MJ payed the
man and we got out.
"Peter, what you did was reckless and dangerous! We should have just ran!"
"MJ, he was just trying to feed his family."
"And? A stranger's family is more important than your own life?"
I sighed, "I was never really in any danger."
"How can you say that?"
"Because," I stopped and thought off an excuse, "I have training. I do go for self defense
classes you know."
"Yeah but-"
"-Enough," I cut her off closing the distance between us to just inches, "there are two things
in life I know for sure. One, life isn't fair, and two, unless you take the time to give a damn,
you'll leave this world worse than you found it.
"I don't plan on doing that, to be a footnote in history. I promise, I'll never put you in danger
MJ, I will protect you," we were so close, I could smell the lemon scent rolling off her turn
into maple syrup, arousal.
Her pupils dilated, increasing in size, I could feel her emotions raging inside. She leaned
forward by a few inches, before suddenly the Maple syrup turned sour, and she immediately

moved back, guilt I think.
"A-alright Peter," she replied turning away, "I'll see you tomorrow."
"Yeah, see you," I replied as I watched her leave. Hmm….these powers are weird man. I went
home and quickly replaced most of my old clothes with my new ones. Ben and May were
horrified I spent so much on one day, but I managed to convince them it was for the best.
I spent the rest of the night patrolling the streets as Spider-Man before dropping in on Sue in
the Baxter building. She and the others were working late, Sue was trying to figure out how
my blood worked while Johnny and Ben seemed to just be content watching a movie.
I felt bad she was up so late because of me, so I swung over to the nearest pizzeria to buy
them all several pies for dinner and then swung over to Felicia's.
I knocked on her window twice before she opened it dressed in one of my shirts I kept here
just in case I needed to go a quick change.
"Hey lover, didn't think I'd see you here tonight," she smiled as I stepped inside, kissing her
gently on the lips.
"I actually wanted to show you something," I smiled, as I took off my gauntlets and mask,
putting it on her table, "I got new powers."
Felicia's eyes went wide, "I'm sorry?"
I smiled as I held my hands apart and slowly gathered bio-electricity into the palm of my
hands, allowing the currents to travel between my palms, creating a light blue chain of power.
Felicia gasped, "when did you rip off Electro's power?!"
I chuckled, "no, not him," I explained what had happened, how I stopped a group of scientist
forced to experiment on children and how I ended up with these powers.
"So that's why you looked sick," Felicia hummed.
I nodded, "yeah, powers needed a little getting used too."
"Are you alright now?" she asked in concern, I could smell the lemon scent of fear slowly
rolling off her.
"I'm perfect, in fact," I pulled her close and kissed her. She moaned into my mouth like she
did, pressing the disengage button on my suit, pulling it down, running her hands over my
naked chest.
"You know, I got a another power," I whispered as I pushed her onto bed, the scent of maple
syrup heavy on her breath.
"Yeah?" she asked, her mind not really paying attention.

"Yeah," I leaned in and whispered into her ear, "I can now smell when you're horny. You
smell like maple syrup."
Felicia chuckled, "well then, it's a good thing you're not diabetic."
I stopped and blinked, "wow...really?"
"What? That bad?"
"Yes."
"Oh shut it, you make worse jokes than that."
"Hey!" I protested as she laughed, pulling me into bed and throwing the covers over us.
We were tossing and turning for over an hour before we were done. I wanted to go again, but
Felicia hit me over the head and reminded me it was a school night, I would need to go home
before May and Ben realise I wasn't in my room.
I sighed as I reluctantly put on my costume and slipped into the night, planting a goodnight
kiss on her forehead.
I reached home quickly and was about to go to bed when I remembered something odd, I was
actually thinking about it all night, but only now I think I have an idea.
Blood….radiation...adapting...where have I heard that before?
Where have I seen that before? Where….oh fuck.
I ran downstairs into my basement lab that I rarely ever use anymore. I opened the hidden
compartment under the floorboard and pulled out the stone I got from Harlem with Hulk's
blood on it. Irradiated blood that adapts and could absorb anything, we had the same blood.
I quickly donned my costume and was out the door once more. I swung to the Baxter
building, and walked in, "Sue? Johnny? Ben? Anyone?"
"Peter?" Sue's voice came from inside her lab, "in here."
I quickly walked in and looked around, the place was a mess since last I saw it, so many post
it notes on the wall, the screens were filled with calculations and practically every monitor in
the
building was in here mapping out genome sequences.
"Where's Ben and Johnny?" I asked walking in.
"In bed, they had a long day," she replied looking at the monitors.
"And you? No sleep?"

"Oh you know how it is, find a mystery you can't solve and suddenly you have all the energy
in the world. Why are you back so soon Peter?" Sue asked.
"I think I found something that can help," I told her placing the rock on the only empty
surface in the lab.
Sue looked at rock and the blood, "whose is it?"
"The Hulk's," I told her.
Sue blinked, "how did you get it?"
"I told you, the Hulk's battle with Abomination was the first time I ever suited up. I went
back and got this as a sort of soil engineer, I was curious to see how it worked. I found out
that this blood, even though it's been out of its host's body for so long, can still absorbed
glucose and carbs into itself. Sound familiar?"
Sue's eyes went wide, "it's similar to your blood?"
"I don't know, didn't have a powerful enough microscope to see into the genetic material," I
told her, "but maybe we should try?"
Sue nodded, "help me?"
"With pleasure," I took off my mask and kept it aside. We quickly began to work with the
blood, scraping it off the rock, revitalising it with a number of chemicals to make it alive
again. On my recommendation we also added sugar water into ti, allowing the cells to absorb
them and become active.
Sue then put the new sample of blood under a microscope and put the blood work on display.
We started it and Sue's jaw was dropped, "woah."
"You can say that again," I replied.
"It's a 70% match," she whispered.
"But how?" I asked, "I'm basically a Spider and he's...well, the fucking Hulk!"
"Your genes themselves are completely different, true, but the way they behave, it's nearly
identical," Sue began to study them closely.
"The Hulk's blood and mine work the same way?"
"Not really, but yeah," Sue pulled up the Hulk's DNA, "his genome is much more open for
study, unlike yours," she mumbled that last part out, "you can see how his blood has mutated.
He's….he's more powerful than one would think. He cells absorbed radiation, allowing him
to adapt and super charge his cells to peak performance."
"So what? He's like souped up battery?"

"In a sense yes," Sue nodded, "and your blood did the same, absorbing the radiation, but
using it to cut and paste genetic changes. It's like they were brothers, but..different."
I groaned, "Bruce Banner...what was he trying to do in that experiment?"
Sue blinked, "he was...ah, I believe he was trying to recreate the super solider serum they
used on Captain Steve Rogers."
I blinked, "so could the same be said about me?"
Sue blinked, "what do you mean?"
I stepped up to her monitor and quickly typed in Peter's father's name. Several case files
opened up. Sue looked at them quickly, "master and doctorate in genetic engineering from
Harvard. Graduated at 17, employed by….unknown? Married Mary Fitzpatrick and had a son
named….Peter, this is your father?"
I nodded, "yeah, he died a year after I was born, I think. I never really got a straight answer
from my aunt and uncle. But he was a researcher, and a damn good one. I think."
"From what I'm seeing I think you're right," Sue said looking through the files, "he did his
doctorate on...the super solider serum and its potential radioactive origins?! Oh my God!"
"So he did do it," I hissed out.
"Peter, do you know what this means?!" Sue asked.
I nodded, "yeah, my dad is the reason I have my powers, his experimentations...they allowed
me to adapt and evolve."
"Oh Peter, I'm so sorry," Sue wrapped her arms around me in a hug, I smelt watermelon
coming from her, sadness..
I hugged her back, I honestly didn't feel to bad about it, but I suppose any normal kid would
be sad or angry their father did something like this too them. But me? I didn't really care, he
wasn't my dad was he?
"It's fine Sue," I told her breaking the hug and turning to the minister, "I just….where did he
work?"
"What do you mean?" Sue asked me.
"He worked for someone, someone with money and funding for his research, so where?
Where did my dad come up with this thing he injected me with?"
Sue quickly went to terminal and began working at it. But every time we thought we were
getting somewhere it was just another dead end. Dead end after dead end.
Sue stepped away and sighed, "sorry Pete, but this is way above anything we have dealt with
before."

I hummed, someone obsessed with getting their hands on the Super Solider serum? Sound's
like HYDRA, maybe Richard Parker was tricked into working with them? Like the scientist I
found last night? Maybe, there was a very high chance that was possible, and when Richard
found out and refused to continue his work HYDRA had him and his wife killed.
I sighed, "this is fucked up man," I rubbed my temples.
"I'm sorry Peter," Sue sighed.
"It's fine, it's not your fault," I replied sitting down, "but….now what the hell do I do?"
Sue sighed as she sat down next to me, "I suppose you keep doing what you do. Save lives,
being the hero."
I sighed, "yeah...Sue, please don't...please don't tell anyone what we found today. Not
SHIELD not Reed, no one. I'm not anyone. I….I don't want people to know."
"I promise Pete, I won't tell people," she nodded.
"Thanks...keep everything about my blood off the servers, SHIELD can hack into those. And
if they can find a way to clone me and use my blood to recreate the super solider serum-"
"-It could mean a war," Sue nodded, "yeah, I know."
I turned to the screen. My blood...it could start an arm's race. I was lucky, Richard Parker had
encrypted it, no one could figure out just how it worked, but cloning was still an option.
I needed to keep an eye out….maybe it's time I find out what I can do with these new powers,
work on my tech a little more. The Chitauri will be here soon, I need to be ready for the
invasion. Hm, maybe it's time I finally work on recreating Otto's arms?
And that concludes the small two chapter introduction arc. For those of you who didn't
get it, I'm using the Amazing Spider-Man's idea of Peter's parents being scientists to
explain away his powers. It's like a mix of that and my own ideas.
Also yes, this is a possible way to introduce new powers but...
SPIDER WILL NEVER GET HULK'S POWERS!
Why? Simple, one: It's too violent, Bruce himself losses control once in a while, one can
only imagine Peter.
Two: He can't have sex. Yup. I'm not joking. In the Incredible Hulk Bruce can't afford
to raise his heart rate, so when Betty's throwing herself at him, he says no because of the
HULK. This means what? Yes, Hulk can't have sex. No wonder he get's so mad.
And that is why Peter will never, ever get the Hulk's powers. End of story.

Chapter 16: The Flaming Chicken Approaches
Natasha didn't show up for my training, she got permanently reassigned to another mission,
and in return I got...David. the creepiest son of a bitch I have ever meet.
I still remember the day I meet him.
I was waiting in the Board room of the bunker when the elevator doors opened up and a buff
black man stepped out. He looked mean, tough and serious. He looked at me and glared at
my feet resting on the desk.
"If you're going to be an agent of SHIELD you will come to represent us in everything you
do. Meaning this," he knocked me feet off the table, "is not appropriate."
I raised an eyebrow, "hi, I'm Peter. And you are?"
He grunted, "David."
"Just David?"
"Yes," he nodded sitting down next to me, "agent Widow has informed me off you training,
frankly it's appalling. You take everything as a joke and you lack focus."
"I'm a 15 year old genius, give me a break," I huffed.
"Your intelligence is the only reason I even have hoped to turn you into a proper agent,"
David grunted, he opened my file, "you have disobeyed orders, went rouge, tried to post a
video of a corrupt senator on your Twitter account and have insulted the Director several
times."
I shrugged, "and?"
"And the only reason I'm even here is because I obey orders," he snarled, "I don't like you
Parker, not one bit. But I'll train you, because that's my job. And when we're done, hopefully
I can make an agent out of you yet."
I raised an eyebrow, "I'm going to enjoy making your life hell."
He just glared back, "I'll like to see you try."
I smiled back, oh did he come to regret those words.
The months quickly went by and I continued my life as a crime fighting badass. I was super
active online, my Twitter was always blowing up, and I kept posting the most amazing
pictures of the city on my Instagram that no one else could get.
People were backing me up online. Every time I stopped a criminal I would report it to the
NYPD twitter account. My pictures brought out the artistic side of me, people were really

surprised a superhero had such a normal hobby. Guess that humanised me a bit.
Eventually though I got my first encounter with JJJ and the Daily Bugle. All this time they
were silent on the Spider-man front, but one day I woke up to find #Fake Hero trending, and
people linking me to it.
JJJ had gone on a rant the night before saying I wasn't a hero, but just a glory seeking kid. He
wrote:
BugleJJJ: The day we glorify a teenager with a camera and ropes coming out of his wrists is
the day we fail as a nation.
And I of course replied;
TheAmazingSpider: Yeah, I'm not listening to advice about being a hero from a guy with a
Hitler mustache. BugleJJJ
And people went nuts.
BURN!
Dude, you just pissed off a guy who tries to be nice to everyone, how big of a douche are
you?
This just in, for the first time ever, the Spider crushes the newspaper.
That last one really made me laugh, I even re-tweeted it. Yup, the 21st century really was a
place of wonders. Someone was nasty to you? You could talk to them directly and in public,
it really was amazing. JJ did reply something back, but I never really bothered reading that.
I did spend some time getting used to my new powers. The bio-electrical blasts I could now
shoot out were amazing to say the least. It's like my body was a walking conductor. I even
modified my suit so that I could transfer energy from the Parker Blood directly into me from
the suit or vice versa!
I found different levels of shocking people. I could stun them, shock them or supercharge it
so much it blasts people away. And if I really wanted to harm them, I could fry them from the
inside out, just like Electro.
I even found that I could absorb certain amount of electricity into my body without it doing
much damage, it even filled my energy levels up a little.
I also worked on my pheromones, I found I could so far only detect and identify them, not
secret them like Jessica Drew can. Maybe I need to keep working on that for it to happen, but
who knows, I'm treading new boundaries here.
Apart from my powers and training I also worked on my tech. The Chitauri were coming, I
didn't know when, but they were coming and I needed an upgrade.

I first worked on my suit in general, the first thing I did was make the entire system voice
activated. I set it to just my voice and linked it with all the systems in the suit. I could have
gone all the way and make an AI for my suit, but I wasn't that good with software and I so
did not want a snarky asshole yelling in my head when I'm fighting crime.
I also worked on my helmet a bit, adding in a zoom feature to the eyes, I would so need that
later on.
I also decided to pull a few pages from Batman's book, creating gadgets that I could use. The
first thing I did was make a utility belt that wouldn't get in my way when I'm swinging
around or fighting. It was tough, but I managed to make one by sewing it into the lines of my
suit.
I made a few shurikens that were shaped like an eight legged spider and were red. Johnny
really didn't understand why I would need that, but I ignored him. They just made me feel so
cool!
I made a few more things I knew I would need, like a gun that shot out little pellets of liquid
nitrogen, a spray gun with exploding foam, several bugs that I could use to spy on people or
track them, a couple of smoke bombs and just in case, an EMP emitter which was a scaled
down size of my previous one.
Unfortunately I couldn't fit any more into my suit, otherwise my entire balance would go all
wonky.
So then I went on to my final project, Doc Ock's arms. By this time Otto had patented his
arms, so I couldn't just steal them, it would make me look bad and I didn't like copying
someone else's work. So I decided to build my own.
Using the bases of Otto's tech I began to work on my own version of his arms. They would fit
like a backpack on the back of my suit. I had Reed help out with the basic designs, but the
rest I did myself, thank God Parker was a genius.
The suit would contain two sets of arms, one set on top and the other down below. They were
triple jointed and capable of rotating a full 360 degrees. I made them for two purposes, attack
and defence.
The arms were made of reinforced titanium, allowing me to use it to block attacks as well as
peirce through ten feet of concrete if I wished to do so. I also hollowed out the inside just a
bit so that I could launch web lines out of them, allowing me to swing using them instead of
my real arms.
Getting the arms to collapse into the backpack was the hard part, but thankfully geometry had
my back. I was able to make the arms four feet long before I wouldn't be able to fit them into
the pack, but hopefully that would be enough.
I made the backpack a part of my main suit. Now instead of just lying around like cloth,
when not in use my suit would collapse into the arm pack creating a bundle of cloth and

machine. So now all I had to do was activate my costume pack, causing my costume to
explode outwards, ready to be worn.
I worked on the outside of the pack a little, allowing it to change colours, it became black
when inactive and red when active. It looked like a pretty much ordinary backpack, so I
decided to make it one as well.
I added a zip to the back and a collapsable strap to wrap it around my neck like a messenger
bag. An usually large messenger bag. But I never really use my school bag to carry more than
a few books, so it should be fine.
But of course funding all this new improvement to my tech did cost money. Which I luckily
got from the sale of the SA and PB in the open market.
While the SA wasn't flying off the shelf like hotcakes, mostly because of the price and lack of
interest, I did make some money off of it. But the really kicked was PB. When it was
introduced into the market, Stark tech, Oscorp and a large number of tech giants sent their
managers to the Baxter building door step to negotiate a price for it.
Sue was really tempted to give the deal to Oscorp, 20 million a year for exclusive rights was
a big offer. But I warned her about Norman and how I didn't trust him, and how Reed and I
found he was involved in some shady shit involving Hammer tech.
So sadly Sue rejected the offer, instead allowing it to be used by several companies at the
same time. The money offer was significantly lesser now, everyone always wanted to have an
advantage over other people, but it was more than enough to fund the Baxter building and my
suit upgrades.
And mine wasn't the only suit I was working on.
A week after the child kidnapping and experimentation mission fury sent me a care package.
In it was a woman's SHIELD issue tactical suit with a note:
Don't make me regret this.
Sadly, I'm one hundred percent sure he would.
I teched up the suit, adding another layer of protection by isolating it and putting in suction
gloves and soles which stimulated my wall crawling powers. I also made a grapple gun for it
and a couple of smoke bombs.
For the domino mask I went a little crazy and added in the night vision goggles, a zooming in
feature and UV detection. It was a thick set of cat eye shaped goggles now, opaque from the
outside, but perfectly visible from the inside.
I then changed the costume up a little bit, I couldn't help it, I really, really liked the classic
Black Cat look. When it was ready I swung by Felicia's place for the surprise, knocking on
her window.

Felicia looked up from her computer and blinked seeing me wave at her from outside. She
quickly opened the door and let me, "Tiger? What are you doing here?"
"I came to give you this," I handed her the black briefs case.
Felicia looked surprised, she looked down and carefully opened the case, gasping at what she
saw, "Peter, did you make this?"
I took off my mask and shrugged, "just a little. The base suit came from Fury, but I tricked it
up and gave you a few extra toys."
"Oh my God, you shouldn't have!" Felicia cried out as she picked the costume up and looked
it over, "it's amazing Peter! It's...it has white fuzz around the neck."
I blushed, "yeah I ah, kind of got carried away. Figured you should follow the whole cat thing
you have going on. Go on, try it out."
Felicia nodded as she put the case down and began to strip. I smiled at the sight of my
girlfriend's bare firm ass displayed in front of me. Lately she had been hitting the gym pretty
hard, something about not letting me have the best ass in this relationship.
She slipped into costume and slowly zipped herself up. "Woah," she gasped looking herself
over, "this is amazing!"
And it was. It hugged her impressive curves, sexualising them. But at the same time if one
focused they could see the tactical armour just underneath. She had a little bit of white fur
around her neck and her forearms, but that was it.
"Peter, this is amazing," Felicia said looking at herself in the mirror, she turned around and
stared at her ass streching out the costume, "Peter...did you make it tight around my ass on
purpose?"
I grinned, "I was going to deny it and make up some lie about how the suit came like
that….but yeah, I totally did. Sue me."
Felicia rolled her eyes, "horny bastard."
"Indeed I am," I smiled, "here, try these on," I then handed her the goggles.
She slipped them on and blinked in surprise, "cool."
"Yup, and I'm not done," I took out the last piece of tech I made for her, a black bandana clip
that fitted snugly on her head.
"What does it do..." she stopped as suddenly her silver blonde hair became pitch black. She
gasped, "what?"
"It's something I got Sue to make for me, it basically makes people think your hair looks
black," I told her.

"B-but why?"
I smiled running my hands through her now dark locks, "Kitten, I love you, and I love your
hair. But it's iconic, like really iconic. I figured out who you were because of your hair,
because of how unique it was. And if you're going after your mother's clients, then it's only a
matter of time before they figure it out too."
Felicia's eyes went wide, "you're right. Oh how could I be so stupid!" She threw her hands
up, "I knew I should have worn a wig, but it was too damn difficult to make it stick on my
head!"
I laughed, "relax Kitten, no one got a good picture of you yet, everything's not lost. You'll just
have to 'accidentally' let someone photograph you with black hair, thereby planting the idea
that the Black Cat has black hair. Hell, if you want I can post a picture of me chasing you on
Twitter or something."
Felicia blinked as she slowly realised I was right. "Yeah...yeah that could work!" she jumped
at me, I caught her as she wrapped her legs around my and threw her arms around my head
kissing me deeply.
She broke apart and whispered, "this is amazing Tiger, thank you."
"You're welcome Kitten, Happy Valentine's day," I smiled.
Felicia's eyes went wide, "what?!" she snapped her neck to her calender and found it was still
a week before Valentine's day, "but there's week left!"
I shrugged, "I know, just wanted to give you your gift a little early lover," I smirked kissing
her on the lips throwing her on her bed before climbing on top.
"Oh you are so going to get some tonight," Felicia purred out in my ear.
I bite her neck, "you're goddamn right." My hands roamed around her breasts cupping them
before slowly moving south. I bite down on her neck and dug my fingers into her fleshy
thighs. I reached up to her suit zip and slowly pulled it down, stopping half way and
memorising the sight before me.
Her breasts were popping out from the deep neck line. I took off my gauntlets and threw
them aside, slipping my hands into her suit and pinching her nipples. I could feel her heart
race under my touch.
"Tiger," she moaned as I pushed her costume aside revealing her breasts in all their glory.
Since we started dating they had been slowing growing in size, I don't know if it was because
of my constant fondling or her genetics, but I knew they wouldn't stop any time soon.
I bent down and caught her nipples between my lips, licking them gently before giving a
playful bite. She moaned and I felt my trousers tighten in arousal. I quickly took off my suit
and helped Felica out of hers.

We jumped into bed and tussled, I heard her moan into my ears as for the rest of the night we
spent every waking moment together.
February came and went, on Valentine's day Felicia surprised me with a trip to Disneyland, a
place she knew I have never been. I was so excited and she knew it. She ended the day with a
evening alone in her house, we cuddled and talked, and later in the night we decided to have
some fun of our own.
The month of March also passed by without incident. I kept being Spider-man, kept stopping
crime and all that. My popularity was slowly rising to Ironman levels, people loved me on
Twitter, my snappy comebacks were like the talk of the week, kids in school would copy it
whenever they could!
There was one thing though, reports from New Mexico about something destroying an entire
town in one afternoon. I saw it on the NEWS, lighting and fire. Thor had arrived.
I asked, ergh, Agent David about it and he refused to talk about it, stating, "it's Classified kid,
mind your own business. Get back to work! I want-" I just tuned him out after that.
But yeah, Thor was here, meaning the Avengers would soon be assembling, and I just knew it
would be soon.
And now it was April, and even though I'm a fucking super hero with over a million
followers on Twitter, Instagram and Snapchat, I'm still forced to attend school. I fucking this
place sometimes.
I walk into school on Monday morning, sighing in irritation. I saw Harry and Flash talking to
a couple of cheerleaders while Liz and MJ glared at them from across the hall.
Did I mention Liz and MJ had finally broken up with those morons? No? Well they had, and
the day they did I actually yelled out in joy in the middle of the cafeteria. People gave me
weird looks, but I didn't care.
"Looks at those two monkey brains," Liz hissed glaring the Flash, "going after the first piece
of meat that winks at them."
"Forget it Liz," MJ sighed as she closed her locker, "they aren't worth it."
"That they aren't," Felicia suddenly arrived standing with the girls. Over the last month after
Liz and MJ dumped those idiots Felicia decided to give making friends a try. It was actually
easy to get Liz as a buddy, all she had to do was talk about fashion and burn Flash in public a
few times.
"Hey girls," I waved at them.
"Hey Pete," MJ smiled.
"What do you want Parker?" Liz snorted. Yup, she still didn't like me. Go figure.

"Just saying hello to my amazing girlfriend," I said turning to Felicia and planting a very
loving kiss on her cheeks, "everything good Kitten?"
"Just perfect Tiger," Felicia smiled, "Liz and MJ were just planning on getting back at their
ex's later by pouring itching powder down their pants."
"Hey! We told you that in confidence!" Liz yelled.
"Relax Liz, any plan to ruin Osborn's and Flash's day is one I'm fully behind. Need help?"
Liz raised an eyebrow, "you want to help?"
I nodded, "yeah. I could whip up some extra strong itching powder if you want. Hm, maybe I
could make it air solvent, like a spray, could work, seep into the skin, couldn't be washed
off," I slowly let my brain work a way out to make that a reality.
"Peter? Peter? Are you okay?" MJ asked worried.
"He's fine, relax Red. It's just when he's geeking out over a new project he tends to...doze
off," Felicia shrugged.
"Does he do that often?" Liz asked.
"You have no idea," Felicia groaned, "one night we were having a really nice moment on top
of the Empire State building and he just dozed off! Like right there!"
"Wait, on top of the Empire State building?" MJ asked suspiciously.
"Ah, my mom got us passes, like really exclusive kind," Felicia quickly made up the lie,
"so...yeah."
"Huh, cool!" Liz cheered up, "think your mom can get us some passes?"
"It's ah, kind of a one time deal...I'll ask her later," Felicia promised.
"I got it!" I suddenly yelled out startling the girls. I immediately took out my notepad and
wrote down the formula, "Liz, you serious about making them itch?"
"You bet I am," she said curiously looking into my pad seeing formulas running across the
page.
"Then Osbron and Flash better prepare for a world of itchiness!" I grinned, "I'll have this
done by lunch! See you girls then!" I quickly run off for first period Chemistry.
"Felicia, sometime I totally envy you have such a loyal guy, but other times...he's just a nerd,"
Liz stated as a matter of fact.
"Yeah, tell me about it. But he's my nerd," Felicia grinned as the three went to their own
classes.

At lunch I quickly made the itching spray and sat down with the girls. Felicia planted a kiss
on my cheek, "hey Tiger, whatcha got there?"
I grinned holding up a small spray bottle, "behold and tremble, the itching spray! Twice as
itchy and three times harder to wash off! Perfect to ruin an ex's day! Or pissing off bullies!"
Liz raised an eyebrow impressed, "wow, that was fast."
"Yup!" I grinned, "I'm awesome like that."
"So when are you two going after them?" Felicia asked.
"We don't know," MJ shrugged, "honestly it just isn't worth the hassle."
"Yes it is!" Liz snapped as she glared at Flash flirting with a blonde cheerleader who looked
very similar to Liz, "it's totally worth it."
"Sigh, fine, but we can't do that today, we have the Spanish assignment to do with Jean," MJ
sighed.
"Oh...right, forgot about that," Liz sighed, "fine, we'll make their life a living hell tomorrow."
"You might want to do something more, itching powder isn't really...vengeful," Felicia
shrugged.
"What would you do?" Liz asked.
"You mean what would I do if Peter ever cheated on me?" Felicia asked. Liz nodded, Felicia
smiled, "he wouldn't."
"Why do you say that?" MJ asked curiously.
"Simple," I reply looking up arrogantly, "I'm just that awesome."
Felicia rolled her eyes, "no, it's because if you do, I'll tell the whole world your secret," she
smiled.
My eyes went wide, "are you...holy shit you're serious. Everything?"
Felicia nodded, "everything."
I gulped, "damn Kitten, you're vengeful huh?"
"Yup, so don't even think about it Mr.," she kissed my cheek, "you're all mine."
"Wait, wait, wait, what secret? What could Parker be hiding that he doesn't want anyone to
know?" Liz asked.
"That's the point of a secret Liz," I told her rolling my eyes.

"He's right you know," Felicia smiled, "so until he does something so stupid I can't forgive
him, my lips are sealed."
Liz sighed, "agh, I hate you both sometimes. So bloody perfect."
"Thank you," Felicia and I said at the same time. MJ laughed as Liz just grumbled some
more.
After school Liz, MJ, Felicia and I all went home in Liz's car. The girl got it on her birthday
and it has been showing it off every chance she got.
We arrived at her place and we got out. "So you guys coming in?" MJ asked pointing to her
place.
"No, Aunt May and Uncle Ben are waiting for me," I told her, "I figure Felicia could spend
some quality time with them."
"Bring a girl home so quickly Parker?" Liz raised an eyebrow, "sure you aren't moving too
fast?"
"What are you talking about? I met them months ago," Felicia chuckled.
"What?!" MJ and Liz yelled out.
"Yeah, I think it was around January right Kitten?" I asked.
"Yeah, I think so," Felicia nodded.
"Oh my God," Liz's eyes went wide before she smirked, "when's the wedding?"
Felicia and I blushed. "Ah, don't you guys have to be somewhere?" I stammered out.
"Come on Liz, let them be," MJ said with a teasing smile.
"But MJ! I want to tease them some more!"
"I never said we weren't going to do that," MJ said, "let's give them a little break first.
Besides, we really do have to get this project done, Jean will be here soon."
Liz rolled her eyes, "fine, stupid Spanish report. See you later you two! Parker, try not to
knock her up!"
Felicia sighed, "God she's difficult."
I chuckled, "yeah, maybe, come on, let's go," we walked to my home. I unlocked it with my
spare key and invited Felicia in.
Felicia looked around and found the room empty and no sign of anyone there. "Tiger, did
your aunt and uncle go somewhere?"

"Yeah, upstate for a friend's wedding," I said throwing my bag to the side before pushing
Felicia down on the couch before climbing on top of her, "which means you and I are all
alone."
Felicia's surprise quickly turned to lust, I smelt the maple syrup rushing through the air, "well
then Mr. Parker, do you have any plans for today?"
"Well Ms. Hardy, I just have one plan," I leaned in and whispered, "making sure you go back
home covered with hickeys."
"Sounds fun," Felicia grinned, "let me get us started," she grabebd me by my jacket collar
and pulled me down, biting my neck..
"Oh no you don't!" I hissed, cupping her ass fiercely, biting her tit exactly where I knew her
nipple was. And judging from her gasp of surprise I was right. I smiled as I kept going, we
tore off the other's clothes as fast as we could. Soon I was topless and Felicia was wearing
nothing but a bra and her jeans.
"You want to take this upstairs?" I asked.
"Yeah, the couch really isn't the place for this," Felicia agreed as her fingers went to my
jeans, "you know, the girls don't really believe me when I tell them about you."
"Hm? What do you tell them?"
"I tell them how big you are," Felicia smirked, her fingers curling around the hem of my
pants, pulling it down slowly, finger tips tracing my briefs, "how you act like a horny little
animal rather than the cool collected person you always are."
"I'm not that forceful am I?" I asked with a smirk.
"Oh Peter, you have no idea the monster you become in bed," Felicia purred out as I leaned
forward to give her a kiss. And just then the door to the house came flying opened and people
charged in.
"Peter! We need your help!" I heard MJ's voice cry out.
Felicia and I looked up at them, MJ and Liz came rushing in with another teenager with short
red hair hanging limply by their sides holding her head in pain.
"What's going-Peter!" MJ shrieked as the girls noticed me and Felicia, "what are you
doing?!"
I grumbled, "I'm trying to make out my girlfriend," glaring at her.
"Trying be the key word," Felicia sighed as she grabbed her blouse and put it on buttoning it
up, "why are you here?"
"We need you help," Liz said holding the new red head in her arms, "Jean just suddenly
started to get a headache and it's not stopping! We don't know what to do!"

I raised an eyebrow, "have you called an ambulance?"
"No, something's wrong Peter," MJ pleaded, "she says she's hearing voices in her head
and….things started to move."
"Move? Move how?" I asked curiously.
"They started freaking levitating!" Liz said hysterically, "like on their own! I think she's
possessed or something!"
"We came to you because you're the smartest person we know Peter," MJ explained, "we
figured you would have more experience with this stuff because you hang out with the
Fantastic Four."
I nodded and looked at the girl, she was whimpering in pain clutching her head. Just then I
saw a set of candlesticks in the table across the room slowly float upwards. A telekinetic?
Was she a mutant? Was she….holy shit!
"MJ, what's her full name?" I asked in patted horror.
"Jean Grey I think," MJ replied.
"Oh shit," my eyes went wide, I looked at the girl once again, red hair, sexy, green eyes. This
was Jean freaking Grey! She was in my house! And it looks like she's manifesting her
powers! Now?!
I can't let her read my mind, that would be a disaster! She would know everything! I need to
stop her, how? I can knock her unconscious, but that would raise more questions which I
can't answer. I need to stop her powers from taking over!
I began to think, physics had to be reading people's minds by some sort of telepathic waves
right? Like maybe microwaves? I need to block her brain waves from going out of her head,
but how?
"Peter! Are you going to help her?!" Liz asked.
"Of course I am, put her on the chair," I pointed at the lounger. The girls helped Jean on and
stepped back.
Magneto had some kind of special helmet to stop Charles Xavier from reading his
mind….Aluminum! There must be a reason crackpots on the internet wear them to keep
people from reading their minds right?!
I quickly ran into the kitchen and looked through the cupboards. I found a roll of foil wrap
quickly and tore off a huge chunk, crushing it into a metal surface.
I then rushed back into the living room.
"What are you going to do with that?" MJ asked.

"This," I told her, pressing the foil on Jean's head, covering her entire head.
Jean's eyes slowly let up, she started to blink, her breathing slowed down. She looked up, "tthank you."
I sighed, "no problem." Jean's eyes then went down and suddenly she blushed. I blinked in
surprised, "Jean? Are you okay? You're looking red."
"That's because a hot shirtless boy is currently standing over her with his pants unbuttoned,"
Felicia supplied snarky.
I looked down, I guess I forgot to wear a shirt in all the commotion. I chuckled, "oops," I
quickly buttoned up my pants and put on my shirt.
"Oh damn, and I was just getting a good look too," Liz grumbled.
"Hands off Allen, he's mine," Felicia smriekd.
I turned back to Jean, "you okay? Can you still read our minds?"
Jean and the others looked startled.
"W-what do you mean?"Jean asked, "read our minds?"
"Yeah, you know those voices you heard?" she nodded, "those were our thoughts. You're a
psychic Jean."
"What?!" Jean cried.
"What?!" Liz, MJ and Felicia replied.
"Yup," I nodded and groaned, "but...where are you from anyway? How did you end up here?"
"What do you mean Peter? She goes with us to school!" MJ cried out.
"She does?" I was surprised, "I've never seen her before."
"Y-yeah, I get that a lot," Jean nodded hanging her head, "people tend to look over me."
This wasn't right. I quickly went through Peter's memories and sure enough Jean was in a few
of his classes Freshman Year, but she eventually went to different classes and he never really
bothered talking to her, thanks Peter, for being such a fuckign loner.
This was strange though, the Jean Grey I knew was always so...open about everything,
confident, proud, maybe it was her youth that made her act so strange. She was tiny, like only
5 feet tall, her shoulders were hunched down making her seem smaller, she reminded me of a
little baby bird rather than a soaring phoenix.
I sighed, "damn, sorry about that Jean, I'm kind of a klutz when it comes to social
interactions."

"Can we please get back to the psychic thing?! Because I'm really freaking out here!" Liz
yelled.
"Yeah Tiger, what do you mean psychic?" Felicia asked.
"Well, I mean she can read minds and move this things with her head," I replied with a shrug,
"it was either that or she had cosmic powers, which means nothing I or anyone else on this
dimension could do to help her."
"Wait so….she's a mutant?" Liz asked as fear seeped into her voice, the scent of lemon, the
scent people gave when afraid, quickly filled the room.
"I'm a mutant?" Jean asked in fear.
"Yeah, you are," I nodded, "and so am I."
"What?!" MJ and Liz asked in surprise while Jean's eye's just went wide.
"Peter, what are you doing?" Felicia hissed.
"It's okay Kitten, I got this," I told Felicia, "I am a mutant, I have a mutated brain, makes me
smarter than the average man. Felicia is also a mutant, her hair is almost silver. MJ is also a
mutant, heck all redheads are mutants."
"Peter, what are you saying?" MJ asked a little confused.
"I'm saying we all are mutants some way or another, Jean's mutation just happens to be a bit
more extreme," I hated mutants being hated by the general public, I won't let Jean face that,
"Jean, you're a mutant, but that doesn't mean you still aren't a human. Got that?"
Jean looked at me with wide eyes as she slowly nodded, "y-yeah."
I nodded, "good. Now….lets see what you can do," I grin.
"What?" Jean asked.
"Your powers, I want to see what you can do!" I grinned before stopping, "no, wait, maybe I
should make you a proper damper for your powers, you can't just walk around with tin foil on
your head, hmm….come with me."
I motioned them to follow and the four girls did. We went down to the basement where I set
up my old lab. It got a little bit of an upgrade, a better PC, science tech and a few Spider tech
that I hide away under the floorboard, but unfortunately I rarely ever use this place anymore.
I sat down at my work station and quickly began working on something that could help Jean
to control her powers.
"Is this your lab?" Jean asked looking around in surprise.
"Yup," I told her.

"I didn't know you had a lab down here Tiger," Felicia sounded sad.
"I don't ever use it any more Kitten, not since I got the Baxter building."
"You really work for the Fantastic Four?! So cool!" Jean said with wide eyes.
"Thanks," I chuckled.
"Wow, even at home you're a nerd," Liz huffed as she sat down on the spare bed we keep
down here.
"Well what did you expect? Peter is a nerd," MJ giggled.
"P-Peter, do you think you figure out what's happening to me?" Jean asked.
"Well I'm not really sure Jean," I reply as I took out a hair band and began lining the surface
with insulated wires, "you can move things with your mind, your brain can somehow interact
with the material world, how I don't know. But I do know it has something to do with waves
of energy as that's the only way something like your powers even begin to make sense."
"So what are you going to make?" Felicia asked.
I smiled, "wait and watch."
They did so and in fifteen minutes it was ready. I stood up and sighed, presenting the now
wie covered headband that had a small batter attached to it, "here, this should help keep your
powers in check."
Jean gulped as she took the headband and looked at me, "w-will this work?"
I shrugged, "no clue, but let's see if it does," I grabbed her tin hat and pulled it off.
Jean's eyes squeezed shut in pain before she immediately put the headband on and slowly the
tension in her head let up.
"I-I think it's working," she said finally.
We all let loose a sigh of relief.
"I don't believe it, how can she be a mutant? She seems so...normal?" Liz asked.
I shrugged, "anyone can be a mutant Liz, even you."
Liz blinked, "what? Seriously?!"
"Yeah, inside some people's body is something called the X-Gene, it grants them their mutant
powers. Usually people get mutated around puberty, activation these powers," I groaned, "it
really is a fascinating study. The human race is evolving in such an amazing way."
"Damn," Felicia whistled turning at Jean and narrowing her eyes, "don't even think about
reading my mind."

Jean gulped, "I-I won't! I don't even know how."
"Yeah, we probably need to do something about that," I said with a sigh.
"What? What do you mean?" MJ asked.
"Jean needs to learn how to control her powers," I told them "if not she could end up in big
trouble. We know next to nothing about her powers, they could eventually grow so powerful
the device I made won't be able to stop them anymore."
Jean gulped, her hands touching the band on her head, "you think that can happen?"
"It's possible," I nodded, "you need to learn control...hm, grab your things, I know just the
place."
The girls looked uncertain, it took me a long time to convince Jean this had to happen before
she finally agreed. Liz was scared, but she refused to look afraid, MJ agreed to come
immediately and Felicia didn't want to leave me alone with three beautiful girls. It's so cute
the way she gets so jealous.
We made our way to the abandoned Train Yard. I pushed the doors opened as we all walked
in.
"Eh, I hate this place, by far the worse place I have ever made out in," Liz grumbled.
"Agreed," MJ glared as she remembered the time Harry took her here and try to force a kiss
out of her. I don't know what would have happened if I didn't show up when I did, I'm just
glad I did.
"Alright, let's see," I looked around spotting an empty tin can in the corner, "perfect." I
grabbed the can and put it in the center of the room, "Jean, stand in front, guys, you might
want to step away."
The girls did so as Jean and I stood before the can. "You want me to move it? W-with my
mind?" Jean gulped.
"Yeah, I do."
"I-I don't know, I don't think I can-"
"-Yes, you can," I told her with a reassuring smile, "I know you can."
"But the voices-"
"-Won't bother you if you don't let it. Your brain is like a muscles you control it, not the other
way around...I think. Meh, you should be good, just ah...if you read my mind, just let me
explain a few things before you go crazy okay?"
Jean blinked, "what?"

"We all have secrets Jean," I shrugged.
Jean gulped, "o-okay, I'll try," she touched the head band and slowly took it off, wincing from
the suddenly influx of voices.
I couldn't help it, I immediately began to think about what Jean would become, the Phoenix.
Jean looked at me with a confused look, "what was that?"
"I-I can explain….what did you read?"
"I...nothing," she replied, "it was too jumbled for me to understand."
I blinked, "what?" I thought to myself, 'Jean you're so freaking hot!'
Immediately Jean began to blush, "y-you said I'm hot."
I nodded, "yeah," I now narrowed my eyes, 'Jean, you will become the Phoenix when you
grow.'
"I didn't understand that," she blinked, "it felt like static."
She can't read my brain when it comes to facts or the future?! Holy shit! I need to
experiment! "Alright Jean, focus on my thoughts once more okay? Tell me what you can
read," I closed my eyes, 'SHIELD is HYDRA, Tony and Steve will cause a civil war, I'm
pretty sure I'm going to become an Avenger at some point'.
"Ah, you said something about being an Avenger?" she replied, "I couldn't make out the rest."
So she could only read my thoughts and guesses but not any knowledge of my future?
This...this was the act of the person who brought me here, whoever or whatever they were.
"Okay...we can deal with that later Jean, for now let's focus on controlling your powers."
She nodded, "right."
I immediately focused on the task at hand and nothing else, not letting myself think about
anything else. "Focus on me Jean, focus on the sound of my voice, drown everything else
out."
She squinted, "I-I can't!"
"Yes, you can!" I raised my voice a little, "listen to my voice. Imagine your powers like a
giant speaker, all those voices being amplified into you head. Imagine a giant volume dial set
of full. Imagine all the voices coming out of it, and now, I want you to turn the volume
down."
Jean's eyes flickered open as she focused, I remembered seeing a TV show called Legion,
where the son of Charles Xavier had trouble with voices in his head, just like Jean. I
remembered how he learnt to control his powers, hopeful Jean can do that same.
She looked like she was struggling some more, she squeezed her eyes shut, "it's going down."

"Good Jean, keep it up, tune it all out, slowly, until you can't hear them anymore."
A minute later she opened her eyes and looked at me, "t-they're gone!"
I grinned, "good job, now keep that mental image in your head, if they ever come back you
can deal with them on your own."
"Holy shit, did you see that?" MJ whispered.
"How did he know how to do that?" Liz asked suspiciously.
"I have no idea," Felicia glared.
"Alright Jean, I want you to focus, focus on the tin can before you. You think that you can't
move it, but you can. Your mind is an amazing thing, and you can do it if you try."
Jean looked at me in wonder filled eyes and quickly nodded, "right!" She turned to the tin can
and focused, trying to lift it with her mind. She was so focused, she determined, I could feel
determination role off of her, by which I mean I could smell it, it smelt like mint.
And suddenly the tin can began to wobble.
"Oh my God! Did you see that?!" Jean turned to me with wide eyes.
"Oh my God Jean that was epic!" Liz ran up with the other girls walking besides her, "can
you do it again?"
Jean nodded as Liz and MJ surrounded her and watched as she made the tin can wobble once
more. The girls cheered once again, Liz challenged Jean to actually lift the tin can into the air
now and the redhead was more than willing to try.
While this was going on Felicia poked me I turned to meet her worried gaze. "What is it?" I
asked.
"Nothing," she replied slipping her arms around me, hugging me tightly.
"Kitten, if something's bothering you tell me," I kissed her head of hair hugging her back.
"It's just...you seem so comfortable around her," Felicia mumbled, "you just met this girl and
already you're acting like her best friend."
I smiled, "you're so cute when you're jealous."
"Hey! I'm not jealous!" Felicia hissed.
"Okay, okay," I chuckled, "you're not jealous…..she reminds me of me."
"What?"
"She reminds me of when I first got my powers. I had no one to help me...so I guess I just felt
like I had to help," I told her honestly. Plus I knew how dangerous she could grow to be if

someone didn't help her control her powers now. Jean Grey was a threat to the world in large,
I need to make sure she never loses herself to her dark side and let the Phoenix rise.
"Damn, I forgot you were such a boy scout," Felicia said sarcastically, but I saw her smile as
she buried her head into my chest.
We then walked back to Jean and the other's, Felicia's hands wrapped around mine
protectively. I smiled, "alright Jean, you're doing great."
"This is amazing Peter!" Jean cried out, staring at the now hovering tin can, "thank you so
much!"
"Neah Jean, it's all you," I shrugged, "but I think from now on you need some professional
help, and I think I know just the man to help you."
Jean and the others looked curious. "Who?" Jean asked.
I smiled, I took out my phone and googled his name and displayed a Wikipedia page
dedicated to him. I showed them the phone screen, "his name is Charles Xavier. He's the
world's foremost expert on mutants. I think maybe we ought to call him."
Now I know what you're thinking, Jean Grey? that came out of knowhere, but you see,
it didn't. Example A, chapter 11, MJ mentions a 'Jean' that came to her play. That's
right the clues have been there this whole time. WAHAHAHA!
Also yes, the SI's future thought's are locked behind a wall no psychic can penetrate,
even Jean Grey.

Chapter 17
Jean did not want me calling for outside help. No matter how much I tried to convince her
otherwise she was determined Charles would treat her like a lab rat and experiment on her. I
couldn't tell her he was a mutant himself or that he had a school for people just like her,
because well...how could I?
Officially Charles was a human, and his school wasn't registered anywhere, so I couldn't have
none all of that. So I was stuck, helplessly listening to Jean rant about how Xavier was
probably some freak who liked little girls.
So instead we came to a compromise. Jean needed to learn to control her powers, she
wouldn't go outside for help, so instead I would train her.
Felicia didn't like the idea of me spending so much of time with another girl, so she insisted
she come along as well. And then Liz and MJ asked as well, the girls apparently grew closer
when they found out about Jean's powers, so now they were all the best of buddies.
I did make a psychic damper into my helmet, just in case. I knew jean couldn't read my
thoughts about the future and what not, but still, someone more powerful, like Xavier might
be able too. Better safe than sorry.
A week quickly passed by, the four girls were often seen talking together in school, they
quickly drew the eyes of all the boys there, since most were single.
I walked into school on Monday morning and was surprised to see a jock leaning against
Felicia's locker and talking to her. He wore his sports jacket and was stacked like a
bodybuilder.
"So babe, whatcha doing tonight?" he wiggled his eyebrow.
"Probably going to be with my boyfriend," Felicia shot back.
"Who?" he asked in genuine surprise.
"Peter," Felicia hissed.
"Parker? You're serious? Forget that whimp! I know how to show you a good time," he said
moving closer and that's when I decided to step in.
"Excuse me, coming through," I sent a jab into his ribs, causing him to buckle in pain, "you
okay there man? You like you're constipated, you should really stop being full of shit," I
glared.
"Good morning to you too Tiger," Felicia smiled, "bye Brad, nice talking to you," Felicia
held my hand as we walked to our first period. "That was a little excessive," she whispered.

"He deserved it," I shrugged.
"I've seen you bent steel with your bare hands Tiger, he didn't, he was just acting like an
idiot," Felicia shrugged, "you really shouldn't act so jealous."
I smirked, "oh really? Two words Kitten: Jean Grey."
"Hey, that's different and you know it!"
"How so?" I smiled with a raised eyebrow.
"Because Brad's not in love me with me," Felicia rolled her eyes.
I stopped, "sexy cat lady say what now?!"
"Oh come on Peter, you see the way she looks at you, I swear it's like that girl doesn't even
try to hide it. I'm surprised you didn't realise it sooner."
I blinked, "I just….I never thought it was possible," which was true, this was Jean fucking
Grey! The Phoenix! How the hell did she get a crush on me?! "This is so weird."
"Oh get used to it Tiger," Felicia whispered, "why if I wasn't here to teach these bitches to
back off you'll be flooded with girls," she looked to the left and glared at a group of girls that
smiled at me.
"You do know they're staring because of the clothes right?" I pointed at the fashionable new
set of clothes I wore that Felicia had picked out for me, "I've been getting so many looks
because of these."
"Oh please Peter, clothes don't make the man, well, they do, but in this case I would say they
are staring because of your body under the clothes. You really have changed you know."
She was right, I had grown. I now stood at 5 feet 10 inches with broader shoulders and bigger
biceps, swinging across the city did have it's advantages.
We walked into the class and found MJ, Liz and Jean sitting together. Usually Jean wouldn't
be anywhere near them choosing instead to sit further away near the back and putting her
head down, but now they were best friends and all that.
Felici and I sat down next to them, Liz and Jean sat in the back while MJ, Felicia and I sat in
front of them.
"Hey Felicia," Liz greeted us, she looked at me and smirked, "morning Parker, I heard you
beat up Brad for flirting with your girl."
I raised an eyebrow, "how do you know about that already?"
"A couple of kids saw you and took a video," Liz shrugged showing the video of my
dropping him down like a sack of potatoes.

I smiled, I immediately took out my phone and commented on the video:
My Kitten, back off!
Felicia looked at the comment and rolled her eyes, "possessive."
"Oh you know you love it," I waved her off.
"So what are we doing today you guys?" Jean asked eagerly, "I've been working on the mind
reading thing, I think I can actually try and read people's minds on purpose now!"
"Not so loud Jean!" MJ hissed looking around and sighing when she found no one giving us
weird looks.
"Sorry," the redhead blushed.
"It's cool Birdie, just remember, soft words," I told her using the nickname I chose for her.
Like I said, she wasn't the glorious Phoenix, she was a small little birdie.
"Y-yeah, sorry," Jean blushed.
Felicia leaned in and whispered, "keep doing stuff like that and she'll fall harder for you."
I blinked, oh shit I didn't realise that. I looked at Jean and gave a nervous sigh before turning
back to pay attention to class. Just then the door opened and the two morons of the class
walked in Harry Osborn and Flash...Thommy? Timothy? Oh shit...I actually forgot his last
name….fuck!
"Hey Kitten," I leaned in and whispered, "what's Flash's last name again?"
"Thompson, why?" Felicia asked.
"I forgot," I shrugged.
"You forgot Flash's last name?" MJ asked in surprise.
"Hey, out try to do quadratic equations in your head and still remember some moron's last
name," I shrugged.
Liz rolled her eyes, "if only I could forget him as easily as you can."
And just like magic Flash noticed Liz and the rest and smiled, "Liz! Hey! What's new girl?"
"Nothing Flash," Liz shrugged as Flash and Harry walked up to us. Liz then turned her gaze
at the asian chick on Flash's arm and glared, "who's this?"
"Oh, ah, this is Paulie," Flash said nervously.
"Hey," Pauline smiled and waved.
"Hey Pauline, want a cracker?" Liz snorted.

The girl looked sad and Flash looked pissed, "not cool Liz!"
"Whatever meat head," Liz scoffed, "get lost."
"Hey now no need to start a fight," Harry quickly stepped up. He looked down and smiled at
MJ, "hey MJ, long time no speak."
"Believe me, that was intentional," MJ replied.
Harry shrugged, "I deserved that," he then finally noticed another redhead in the group, "hey,
your Jean right?"
Jean gulped, "y-yeah. Hi."
"Hey, nice to meet you," Harry then dismissed her immediately and turned to MJ, "so, what
are you doing later?"
MJ glared, "I'm hanging out with my friends."
"Really?"
"Yeah, really," Felicia and I said at the same time. God I love this girl! It's like she could read
my mind!
Harry then looked at us and sighed, "too bad. Hey, when you're free, we should catch us, just
the two of us."
"I'll think about it," MJ shrugged.
"Cool, come on Flash, Pauline," Harry walked past me, "hey Parker."
"Osborn," I gave a stiff nod, ignoring him otherwise.
After school ended we all got together and went to the Cafe I refused and sat down in the
table in the back. I had began to tutor all of the girls in various subjects. MJ and Felicia had
psychic, Liz had Chemistry and Jean had math. It was a lot of work, but the one hour we
spent together really brought us all closer.
"Hey Pete, what's this?" Jean asked as she slide closer pushing her textbook towards me.
I looked down, she was getting awfully close, I sighed, focus man, focus. I began to answer
her
Question in as much detail as I could, ignoring her poor attempts at flirting. Honestly when
you're dating the Black Cat, things like this seem tame.
Felicia looked at her boyfriend and Jean, she honestly felt bad for the girl. She knew one
thing, Peter wouldn't leave her, not for someone like Jean Grey. They have been dating for
months now and there wasn't any reason for them to break up, no secrets, nothing. She really
did feel bad for the red head.

Finally we were done, we packed up our stuff and walked out of the cafe.
"So what do you guys want to do now?" I asked them.
"I want to get some training done," Jean spoke up, "I'm sure there are things I can do that no
one else can, I just need to find out what."
"Jean what exactly are you going to do?" MJ asked. Everyone turned to her questioningly,
"what? You all must have thought about it right? She can read minds for God's sake! She
could basically be anything she wants!"
I nodded, "you're right," I turned to Jean, "what do you want to do Birdie?"
"I...I guess I want to help people," Jean admitted, "you know, like Spider-man."
I smiled, "really? You want to go around town wearing tights?"
"Hey, for your information Spider-man looks great in tights," Liz huffed, "that ass is so
pinchable!"
"I know," Felicia grinned wiggling her eyebrows at me as I rolled my eyes.
"Right, anyway, you really want to do that? Be a superhero?"
"Well, yeah," Jean nodded, "I think so."
"Why?" I asked her.
"What do you mean?"
"Why do you want to be a superhero?" I asked.
"Well….I should do something good with my powers right?" Jean said looking at her hands,
"I don't know why I have them, but I do and….shouldn't I try and do something good with
them?"
"Well Tiger, looks like she really is your student," MJ chuckled.
"Yup, self righteous and all, perfect fit," Felicia snorted.
"What do you mean?" Liz asked, Jean looking equally confused.
"My uncle has a saying," I tell her, "with great power-"
"-Comes great responsibility," MJ and Felicia completed.
I chuckled, "yeah, that's the one. And basically I try to live by that code. I try to make the
better world with my inventions, try to further it forward. So if you're really going through
with this, if you really want to protect people, you always have to remember that your actions
have consequences and you must always try to do good, because if you can, it is your
obligation to do so."

Jean looked at me in awe, huh, kind of happening a lot these days huh?
"Birdie? You still there?" I ask.
She slowly nodded, "yeah, I understand. With great power from great responsibility."
I nodded, "exactly."
"Damn Parker, since when have you been so zen?" Liz chuckled.
I smiled and shrugged, "since always."
We walked down the street a few blocks over, MJ had finally joined acting classes, so after
dropping her off there Liz would drive away in her car while Felicia and Jean would go for
the latter's training and I would meet with….David. Douche bag.
But as we turned the corner my spidey senses suddenly kicked in. I looked up and saw a giant
construction crane wobble over us, dropping a steel beam from its load.
"Get down!" I yelled, grabbed the girls and pushing them to the side. I looked up from the
ground and saw an old woman still standing there right under the falling beam, "no!"
The beam was a story away from the ground, I expected blood to come pouring out, but then,
like magic, the beam stopped.
I turned to the only other super powered being I knew, Jean was holding it up with all her
will, the scent of mint covering the street as she pushed everything into it.
I got on my feet, grabbing the old woman and pulled her away, the very next second Jean let
go of the beam and it crashed into the pavement.
"Oh my God, thank you young man!" the old woman cried out.
I looked around, cameras, people snapping pictures of me and the beam. Good, Jean wasn't
on focus. I turn around and looked at Felicia, "sneak away, I'll draw their attention."
She nodded and quickly she pulled them away. I was quickly mobbed by people, the old
woman profusely thanking me while I just stood there and took it for as long as I could. I
couple of people took pictures of me and soon the police arrived.
It was night before I was able to leave the scene, I had to call agent David and explain the
situation, luckily the asshole didn't make such a big deal out of it. It was already evening by
the time I meet up with the girls again in MJ's house.
I climbed up MJ's wall and knocked on the window. MJ opened and smiled, "hey Tiger, get in
here."
I did and quickly Jean stood up, "I'm sorry. I didn't think-"

"-No, you did good Jean," I told her as I sat down next to Felicia on MJ's bed, with MJ
joining us and Liz and Jean sitting on separate chairs. "I told you, great power, great
responsibility. You saved that woman's life without a second thought, you did good Birdie."
"Told you he wouldn't be mad," Felicia pressed a kiss on my check, "my man's too big of a
softy."
Jean sighed, "thank you."
"Did people connect the beam thing to Jean?" MJ asked.
"No," I shook my head, "I kept the focus on me. And when someone brought it up I just
waved it away as a their imagination. It was difficult, but luckily the cops came by then and
made the people disperse."
"So we're safe? No one knows about Jean?" Liz asked.
I shook my head, "now...although there were cameras around….I can't be sure."
Liz quickly took out her phone and began searching in moment she stopped and cursed,
"fuck."
"What is it? Found something?" I asked.
"Yeah," she showed a picture taken from across the road. I was pulling the old woman away,
that was in the center frame, but in the corner one could see Jean holding out her hand.
"That doesn't look too bad," Felicia said reassuringly.
"Yeah...it almost looks like Jean's calling out for Peter," MJ replied.
"Are there any other photos?" I asked cautiously.
"With Jean in them? No, this is the only one," Liz sighed.
We all let out a sigh of relief.
"You're going to have to be more careful Jean," I told her, "your identity is your biggest
secret, you need to keep it."
"Yeah," Jean nodded, "what do you think I should do? Spandex?"
I snorted, "maybe."
"Oh, maybe we can buy something!" Liz called out, "you would look amazing in a jacket and
jeans combo! Classy and practical!"
"We should totally design her suit!" MJ exclaimed.
"Totally!" Liz agreed with an equal enthusiasm as they dragged Jean to MJ's fashion
magazines and made her look through it for a costume.

Felicia turned to me and whispered, "think SHIELD's interested in her?"
I gritted my teeth, "I don't know. I know they have me under surveillance, and I know they
keep an eye on my friends but...I don't think they know. The event was an accident, they
would have had to keep the camera on me 24X7 and hope to catch something, and I think I
more than proved my loyalty to them. No...I think she's safe from them."
"Then who else?" Felicia asked.
I growled, "there are more things that go bump in the night than just SHIELD."
Another week quickly went by without incident. People in school were once again praising
me for saving the old woman's life. I pushed it off as best I could, I really didn't like the
attention, nor did I deserve it.
MJ and Liz were a little busy though, working on Jean's costume. I got a few glances here
and there and I was certainly impressed, they sure did have talent. I gave them a few
suggestions, like making her colour combo green and yellow, they thought it was perfect. Of
course it was.
And on Saturday night we all gathered once again in MJ's room, Felicia and I sitting on the
bed while Liz and MJ walked in.
"And now, presenting for the first time, Marvel Girl!" Liz announced.
The door opened up and Jean walked in wearing her costume. It had a green set of pants and
a black top with 'M' stitched on in yellow. She wore a green overcoat with yellow going down
her sides and a pair of gloves. Completing the costume was a yellow scarf tied around her
head similar to what I saw Iron Fist wearing, covering her hair. The eye holes were curved
like a cat, perfectly capturing Jean's eyes.
Felicia whistled, "damn."
I nodded, "you look the part Birdie. What's it made out of?"
Liz and MJ blinked. "Ah, cloth? The jacket's leather and the pants are like 50% cotton I
think," Mj shrugged.
I sighed, "you're telling me you made a costume with no protection of any kind? She's
psychic, not bullet proof!"
"Hey where the hell are we supposed to get armour?!" Liz cried out.
"Oh I don't know, how about asking the guy who works in the central hub of new
technology?!" I replied sarcastically.
"You two really should have thought of asking Peter," Felicia nodded, "but okay, Tiger, can
you fix something up for her?"

I sighed and nodded, "yeah, I know how to make the polymer blend now, I can fashion a
good enough suit like this in the Baxter building, shouldn't be a problem."
"Great, so don't come asking us for bulletproof shit," Liz grumbled collapsing into a chair.
"It's amazing, thanks you guys," Jean said with a smile, "I feel so cool!"
"Yeah," MJ grinned.
"So, when are we going out?" Liz asked excitedly.
"We?" I raised an eyebrow.
"Out?" MJ mirrored my questioning nature.
"Well, yeah. We got the suit and the girl, shouldn't we like, test her out?" Liz asked
shrugging.
"Maybe it's a little too soon for Jean to be out," Felicia argued, "I mean she did literally just
start. Maybe we should train her some more. I know a few basic hand to hand skills she
would find useful."
I nodded, "yeah, agreed."
"No," Jean spoke out, "I-I want to go out. I want to at least see what I can do!"
I raised an eyebrow, "Jean, you need to be ready. You can't always rely on your powers to bail
you out every time."
Felicia scoffed, "yeah, believe him, he know's what he's talking about." The other girls
looked confused by Felicia's statement, but I ignored her altogether.
"Peter, I need to do this, please," Jean said in a begging tone.
I looked at Felicia, she shrugged. I sighed, "fine. But it's just for tonight. After which you
won't leave until Felicia's trained you."
"Oh and what makes Felicia so good at fighting?" MJ asked rolling her eyes.
"I'm a black belt in taekwondo and won the women's nationals in Judo," Felicia replied cooly.
"Huh….that'll do it," MJ nodded.
Jean grinned, "this is going to be so cool!"
I sighed, I quickly thought up of ways to keep her safe and quickly decided upon one.
"Alright, I have to go now, work calls. But Jean, Felicia, MJ and Liz will be here to help."
"We got your back girl!" Liz cried out.
"You really have to go? Now?" Jean asked uncertain.

"Yeah, sorry," I kissed Felicity on the lips, and whispered in her ear, "I'll watch over her as
the Spider."
Felicia nodded, "okay."
"Peter, I don't think I can do this without you," Jean said.
I smiled, "I won't always be there to hold your hand Birdie, you're going to have to spread
your wings and fly. Don't worry, if anything happens I'll be there immediately."
I said goodbye to the girls and immediately went into my house and changed clothes. I took
my backpack and pressed the hidden spider logo on it's side activating it. My costume
exploded outwards, I slipped it on and slammed my hand on the chest, activating the arc
reactor.
I then slipped on my mask and web gauntlets. I rolled my shoulder feeling the new weight of
the spider arms I had attached to my back. They were dormant right now and I haven't
actually used them in real combat, hopefully I won't have to just yet.
I snuck out of my home just as Liz drove away with Jean, Felicia and MJ in the car. I sighed,
I so had a bad feeling about this. I managed to keep up with them, following behind as they
drove towards the bad part of town.
Liz parked a few blocks away and Jean stepped out looking nervous. I sighed and shook my
head, she so wasn't ready.
Just then my phone began to ring, it was Felicia, I picked it up, "hey Kitten."
"We are in Peak's point," she told me.
"I know, look up," Felicia slowly did, making sure MJ and Liz didn't notice. I waved at her,
"she's not ready."
"She'll be fine."
"She doesn't have the training."
"Did you?"
"I had the ability to sense danger before it happened and spider like reflexes. She can move
things with her mind." I noticed her walk out of the alley, her posture stiff, "I'll call you back,
I'm going to make sure our girl doesn't die."
"Good luck Tiger," Felicia purred. God, I swear it's like sometimes she does this all on
purpose!
I jumped from rooftop to rooftop following Jean as she walked around town. More than once
she got cat called by people on streets and heckled for dressing up in a costume. She ignored
them and kept going on, I was honestly impressed, the nervous wreck I knew a few weeks
ago would have frozen in shock, she had grown so much in so little time.

Eventually though, she did find trouble.
She walked into an alleyway and immediately three people jumped out befor her and two
behind. They waved around a knife and baseball bats, laughing at her. I couldn't hear the
threats they made, but it made me pissed off regardless.
And then they attacked.
Jean moved, pushing the guy with the knife back as hard as she could. They looked stunned
at the sight of one of their own go flying away, but Jean didn't stop.
She threw a trash can at them, knocking them on their asses. She then threw another one into
a all and when one guy charged form the back she threw him over her head, through the air
and into another guy who tried to get on his feet.
She looked like she was having fun beating those thugs. She danced around, throwing them
from one corner to another. But just then I noticed one guy looking really pissed as he
charged into Jean's blind spot with a knife thrust forward.
"That's not very nice!" I called out shooting a web line and grabbing the weapon out of his
hand.
They all stopped and turned to see me standing on the wall a few feet off the ground
examining the knife. "This is very dangerous you know. People could get hurt, like innocent
unopened letters."
"S-spider-man?!" one guy yelled out, "fuck this! This bitch ain't worth it!" They all turned
around and ran leaving me and Jean alone.
I jumped down and tossed the knife over my shoulder, "you know I really do miss the old
days when common thugs didn't run in fear. Like back then they actually stood their ground
and fought back! Sigh, so sad."
I looked at Jean, she had her jaw dropped in awe, her eyes sparkling. I tilted my head, the
only way to show any emotion through this mask, "so...who are you supposed to be?"
"I-I'm Marvel girl," she squeaked out looking scared out of her wits.
I chuckled, "it's alright Marvel, I'm not going to bite...well, unless you ask me too." Jean
squeaked. I looked around and whistled, "damn, you have some power. What is it?
Telekinesis? You a mutant or cosmic accident?"
"M-mutant," Jean squeaked out, "a-and your Spider-man!"
I nodded, "right in one! What gave me away? Was it the giant black spider on my chest?"
Jean chuckled, "oh great, you can laugh. I was beginning to think all you could do was
squeak in fear. If you're going to be a hero you need to be brave Marvel Girl."
"I am!" she cried out passionately, "it's just...I've never met a really super hero before."

"Oh, that's sweet," I flicked her on the forehead, "but if you're serious about being a hero, you
need to start taking this more seriously. Go home, train, learn, adapt. You can't use your
powers for everything, got that?"
Jean nodded, "yeah, I know. It's just….I wanted to see what I could do."
"Well from what I saw you have the potential to be something pretty amazing," I chuckled
taking out my phone, "selfie?"
Jean's eyes sparkled, "yeah!"
I chuckled as we stood next to each other, Jean putting up the peace sign while I gave my
trademark devil horns. I quickly put the picture up on Instagram with the caption:
Just meat a real Marvel today, NY, say hello to Marvel Girl! Careful, she bites.
I made sure Jean's face was a little blurred, keeping the image distorted in order to hide her
face, not that you could tell it was her right away. I turned to Jean, "alright Marvel Girl, stay
safe, don't do anything I wouldn't do, and don't worry, you'll get the hero thing soon. I just
know it."
Jean smiled as I jumped away crawling up the building wall. "Thank you Spidey!" Jean cried
out.
"You're welcome!" I yelled back, crawling into the roof and hiding in the shadows. I looked
down and followed Jean as she quickly walked back to where Liz and the others had parked.
She quickly got in and they drove off. I followed them from the roof tops, Jean seemed to be
telling them all something excitedly, probably of her first meeting with the most amazing
super hero in the world.
It seemed like it was going to be a smooth ride back home, when suddenly I saw something
flying across rooftops, landing in the middle of the road.
Liz's car screeched to a halt as we all stared in surprise at the metal beam imbedded into the
middle of the road. The girls looked confused, but for me I felt what must have been the very
beginning of a heart attack.
He was here. How? How did he know?! Was it my picture? No, I didn't add a location and I
doubt Magneto of a people used Instagram, but as I was thinking, the man in question came
in view.
He floated down from the sky, the girls looked up at him. He wore his trademark helmet and
purple cape. His suit was black with a red chest piece and his arms had purple bracers.
"You," his voice was so soft yet loud, I could see the whites of his eyes behind the shadowed
insides of his helmet, they were looking at Jean, "you are a mutant, strong and perfect in
every way."
"Who the hell are you?!" Jean yelled out, stepping protectively before her friends.

"I am Magneto, a mutant, like you," he stated, his cape billowing in the wind, "I have come
with an offer."
"Yeah? What is it? Want some fashion advice? Capes were so last century bro!" Jean yelled
back. I raised an impressed eyebrow, her first night out and already she was trash talking like
the best. I'm so proud!
"I offer you salvation, Jean Grey," he ended slowly.
Jean gasped, "h-how did you find my name?"
"I have my ways," Magneto nodded, "join me, and I will show you a world unlike any other.
Where you don't have to hide who you are, what you are. Join me Jean, you will never have
to hide, show the world just how amazing you are."
Jean paused, I could see her thought's considering it. She was about to speak when suddenly
MJ yelled out, "she's not going anywhere! She's staying right here!"
Magneto turned to Jean, "this doesn't concern you, human." The way he said human sounded
like an insult, and I think it was.
"She's our friend! So it is our concern," Felicia stepped up, flanking Jean.
"And no second rate douche bag is taking her away from us!" Liz yelled out.
"Enough!" Magento roared as he raised his hand lifting Liz's car into the air before slamming
it down on the ground with a loud crash. It was totally totaled.
He glared at her and the girl squeaked, shrinking back in fear.
"Think Jean," Magneto hissed, "they are your friends now, but what will they do I wonder,
when you surpass them in every way possible?" Jean gasped, the girls looked confused, "we
mutants are stronger, smarter. We are the next step in human evolution, why must you limit
yourself? Why must you shrink away to make other people comfortable around you? You are
a God to these people Jean, come, let me show you."
He extended a hand, Jean looked scared. She looked at her friends and gulped, "i-if I come,
will you let them go?"
Magneto nodded, "I swear it on my life and my honor." Jean nodded, she stepped forward.
"Don't do it Jean," Felicia hissed, "he's lying to you."
"I-I have to protect you guys," she said, "you're my only friends."
And that's when I decided it was time to step in. I wanted to see what she would do, and she
didn't disappoint.
I quickly took out and threw two liquid nitrogen pellets at Magento. The mutant turned to the
two metal pods coming at him and he held up his hands, stopping them in mid air before

crushing them, releasing the flash freezing liquid.
I swung towards him, hiding behind the cloud of ice, I came flying through, I saw Magneto's
eyes go wide in surprise as I drove both my feet into his sternum. I jumped back and landed
in front of the girls.
"Spider-man?!" Jean asked in surprise as they all looked at me in surprise and relief.
"Heya Marvel girl! Didn't I tell you to stay out of trouble?" I chuckled turning back to
Magento, "hey there cape guy! The 80's called, they want their stereotypical super villain
back."
"That's what I said!" Liz grinned.
Magneto held his stomach and growled, "Spider, this does not involve you."
"Ah, yeah it does," I lowered my center of gravity, my fingers inching towards my web
grenade cartridges, "you just threatened the lives of civilians Magneto, that makes me
involved."
"Unless you think you can stop me," he raised his hands, summoning bits of metal from all
over the street. Metal signs, street lamps, a mailbox, even pieces of concrete with metal rods
in them, "get outta my way."
"Yeah, not going to happen," I turned to Felicia and whispered, "get them out of her and
hide."
Felicia nodded, "yeah."
"I can help!" Jean cried out.
"You need to stay with your friends and protect them, I can't hold him off for long," I gulped
in fear of the truth of that statement, "don't argue Marvel Girl!"
Jean looked sad but nodded. I turned to Magneto, "ready to go?"
"Do not do this Spider, this is your last warning," Magneto hissed.
"Bite me," I set my gauntlets on web grenade mode and clicked the shooters sending out
rapid fire shoot of little balls of web.
"Pathetic," Magento said as he placed several pieces of debris in front of the grenades,
causing them to explode and stick all of them together. Magneto looked at the stuck together
mess and sighed, "annoying."
"Here's web in your eye!" I called out. Magneto looked up in surprise, I snuck over and
leaped over his wall of debris. I clicked my shooter sending out more web grenades, this time
hitting him directly.
"What is this?!" Magneto growled as he struggled to break free.

"It's called a sticky situation!" I landed on a building wall, "activate repulsors, medium
intensity!" They hummed with power as I aimed it at him and activated them. Two beams of
force came flying at him, hurling the man into a building side.
I sighed and turned to the road, the girls slipped into an alleyway following Felicia's lead, I
sighed, good, they're safe now.
"You inscet!" I heard him roar. I gulped and watched as he rose into the air once more, his
powers working overtime as they brought more and more metal pieces around him. He threw
them at me and I leaped away just in time.
I ran across building walls as debris came flying at me. My spider senses were tingling over
and over, it took all my agility to jump away in time, bending in a way I didn't think possible.
"Hey what's going on?!" and old woman yelled out opening her window. I leaped over her
window firing a wb net that caught several pieces of concrete before it hit her in the face.
"Get inside and lock to windows ma'am!" I yelled as I swung away, I need to get him
somewhere there was no metal, like a park! I began swimming towards the closest park I
know when suddenly a shard of metal cut through my webbing causing me to go flying
down.
I was about to land on my feet when suddenly my gauntlets were jerked upwards, sending me
flying through the air right into Magento's floating hands.
He had torn through the webbing cocooning him. He looked me over, holding my hands apart
by manipulating my gauntlets. I struggled to break free, but it was useless, I was hanging
limply in the air like Jesus about to be crucified.
"You are an interesting creature I'll admit," Magneto said ripping off the last of my webbing
from his suit, "tell me, are you a mutant?"
"No, not exactly," I said, 'try to keep him talking, think of a plan!' "So, no, I'm not going to
join your little Nazi Mutant club Magee, sorry.
His eyes went wide, "you dare?! Do you even know who you say this too?!"
"I'm saying this to a jewish boy who had lived through the worst of humanity," I replied, "I'm
saying this to a man who fears the same will happen to his other race as well."
Magneto growled, "so knowing that, how could you still think what I wish to accomplish is
anything like the Nazis?!"
"Because it is," I spat back, "Mutants are the superior race right? Didn't Hitler say the same
about the Aryans? Didn't he create a special little group with special people to hunt down the
weaker race? Will you do the same Magee? Will you hunt down and put all the humans into
special little camps?"
My tants were getting to him, I could feel it.

He growled, and the closed his hands into a fist.
My eyes went wide in pain. "ARGH!" my gauntlets were crushed into my forearms, I heard
bones cracking as my own gauntlets squeezed into my arms.
He wasn't done though. He let his control over my gauntlets go, grabbing me by my costume
and holding me up with muscle power alone.
"I am nothing like them! Do you hear me you insignificant bug?!" he roared. I felt my hands
bleed out into the ground, my gauntlets falling down in scraps of metal. "I am not going to do
to the humans what the Nazis did to me! I am saving my people!"
My breathing slowed down, the pain slowly reduced into a numbness that stinged whenever
blood dripped out. I gasped, "you either die a hero, or you live long enough to see yourself
become the villain."
Magneto's eyes went wide in surprise, "w-what?"
"You're right Magneto, you're right in wanting to protect your people. But you hate humans
far too much," I gasped out, "you hate us, but you are one of us. You aren't special, you're just
a little boy you can't see the good in people."
"I will make your death painful Spider," Magneto growled out, "you fell feel every second of
it as I drive metal into your bones and suffocate you from the inside out."
"Funny, I was going to tell you he same thing," I grinned and suddenly four large red arms
popped out of my back. Magnetos gasped in surprise as they launched themselves at him.
The top two landed into his arms holding me while the bottom two pierced his sides.
"Argh!" he cried out in pain. But I wasn't done, not by a long shot.
"Unibeam, activate, full power," I growled out.
Magneto's eyes widened as he looked down at my Spider symbol glowing in power. He let go
of me and pulled away, but as soon as he did my unibeam came bursting out, sending him
flying back down the road.
I began falling, but with a simple metal comand I had one arm shoot out a web line from the
tip of it's arm and swing me down slowly.
I landed on the ground and panted. I looked down at my arms and cursed, they were bleeding,
badly. I had my arms wrap them around with webbing to stop the bleeding, I rotated my
wrist, looks like only my forearms were broken, lucky me. Hopefully the webcast will help
me heal faster.
I looked up, Magneto wasn't there. I guess he flew away, thank God. I don't think I could
have even hurt him without surprising him first. I would have been screwed if he already
knew what I could do.

I tapped my helmet, "call Kitten," I told it. The system then automatically called up Felicia
who picked up almost immediately.
"Are you okay?" she asked first.
"A little banged up but fine," I told her looking at my broken web gauntlets lying on the
streets, "and you?"
"We're at Jean's house, eight blocks away, her parents aren't home so it's just us" Felicia told
quickly, "how soon can you get here?"
"I don't know, ten minutes?" my arms weren't going to be useful, and I wasn't used to web
swinging with the arms just yet.
"That long? Did...did something happen?" she asked afraid.
"Web shooters broken," I cursed, "I'll be there soon Kitten, I promise."
"I love you Tiger, be safe," she told back.
I hanged up the call and sighed, I needed to move, fast. I quickly gathered my broken web
gauntlets and all the drops of my blood. Didn't want that getting into the wrong hands.
I then launched a web line into lamp post and swung away, slowly, the arms still needed
getting used to.
But as I swung towards Jean's place I thought to myself, just how the hell am I going to beat
this guy? His powers shouldn't even be possible right? Like how can he control all forms of
metal? Was it magnetism? Because of it was then he can't control non-ferrous metals
like….like my arms!
He couldn't stop them from hurting him because they were made out of titanium! A very
weak magnetic metal! My gauntlets were basically steel and some other minor metals, all
most all were ferrous, meaning highly magnetic!
I needed to use this to my advantage somehow. I couldn't make a brand new set of web
gauntlets, now time. But just then I passed by a pawn shop and immediately got an idea.
At Jean's house:
Felicia stepped out fo the bathroom and sighed. Jean looked up from her bed, "who was
that?"
"Peter," Felicia said, "he was just calling to check up."
"What did you tell him?" MJ asked.
"That everything was fine and there was nothing to be worried about," Felicia lied.

"Why did you tell him that?!" Liz cried out, "everything's not fine and there is plenty to
worry about! A psychotic mutant that can control meal is coming after us!"
"Which is exactly why Peter souldn't be anywhere near here," MJ shot back, "he needs to be
safe."
"Can't we like ask him to call Johnny Storm and the other Fantastic Four or something?!" Li
z asked.
"Yeah, we should do that," Jean said quickly, "I don't want Peter to get hurt, but Spidey can't
hold that freak back much longer, we need help!"
Felicia was backed into a corner, she sighed, "I don't-"
"Oh for God's sake Felicia! We can actually die! We need too-"
Boom!
The far wall of Jean's room exploded outwards as it was ripped off and thrown aside.
Magneto floated before the girls, his cape in tatters, his red armour broken in places and
blood dripping out of his hands and chest.
"Jean," he said with narrowed eyes, "this is your last chance. Join me, or die."
Jean growled as she jumped in front of her friends, "I thought you didn't hurt mutants?"
"I didn't, but I'm running out of patience tonight," he growled.
Felicia smirked, "Spider did that didn't he?" she looked at his wounds, "superior race my
ass!"
"Incolet child!" Magneto ripped a piece of concrete and iron and threw it at Felicia. The
silver haired girl ducked down, but the concrete never went past her, it stopped halfway as
Jean held up her hands protectively.
"You. Won't. Touch them!" she roared, throwing the concret back at him.
Magneto flicked it away with a look, "if you wish to protect these vermin, then you shall die
with them!"
Slowly he pulled out several iron bars out of the wall, aiming them at Jean at the girls.
Magento got ready to launch them forward, when suddenly lightning roared in the sky.
"You will not harm them!" a voice called out as the winds picked up. The clear night sky
turned cloudy as rain began to pour down.
Magento looked up and growled, "not now."
A woman in a skin tight black suit and cape floated down on heavy winds. Her hair was
white as snow and her skin dark like chocolate. Her eyes glowed with electricity as the wind

buffeted her around, but never moving her, "stop this at once Magneto, or we will stop you."
"We?" he asked.
Suddenly the door to Jean's room was broken off it's hinges as a man with wide shoulders
dressed in orange and black walked in. He snarled wearing a costume that was skin tight and
a mask that had a 'V' shaped black visor over his eyes.
"Hey bub! Long time no see!" the man growled as he threw his hands apart causing three
metal claws to pop out on each hand.
Magneto turned and growled, "Logan, how nice to see you again."
"Yeah, last time you got away, I'll make sure that doesn't happen again, bub," he smirked.
"I doubt that metal man," Magneto smirked, "is this all you have Charles? A wild beast and a
lighting bug? I'm almost insulted."
"My students are more than a match for you Erik," a calm British voice came from inside
Jean's house. Slowly a bald man in a wheelchair rolled into Jean's bed room that was quickly
becoming a tad bit crowded.
The man looked at Magneto and narrowed his eyes at his wounds, "you're hurt Erik."
"Yes, I am," the magnetic mutant replied.
"You're losing too much blood Erik, stop this at once, we can settle this another way old
friend," the bald man pleaded.
"No Charles, we cannot," Magneto snarled.
"I'm sorry, but what the fuck is going on here?!" Liz cried out.
The bald man turned to the girls and smile, "Ms. Allen, we are so sorry you, Ms. Watson and
Ms. Hardy have been dragged into this, rest assure we will not allow him to hurt you any
longer."
"Who are you?" Jean asked, "what the hell are you doing in my house?!"
"Jean, my name is Professor Charles Xavier," the man nodded, "you might not have heard of
me-"
"-You're the leading expert of mutants, you wrote 'The Theory of Mutated Evolution'" Felicia
spoke up with narrowed eyes, "what the hell are you doing here?"
Charles eyes blinked in surprise, "I must admit I am quite surprised you knew of that Ms.
Hardy. But yes, you are right, I am the leading expert in mutant kind, but I am also a mutant
myself."
The girls all gasped in surprised. "Peter is so going to freak out," MJ whispered.

"Enough!" Magneto looked to be getting paler by the second, "move Charles, or you will be
moved! Tonight is not the night to test me!"
"No Erik, I will not," Charles sat in front of the girls defintly, "Wolverine, Storm, if you will."
"With pleasure professor," Storm said as she sent galing winds at Magneto blinding him with
the sheer speed. "Begon Magneto! You aren't welcome here!" She threw her hands forward
causing a lighting bolt to come flying down.
"You aren't strong enough to even challenge me woman!" Magneto yelled holding up a
concret block to absorb the lighting. It shattered into pieces.
Wolverine jumped out the giant hole in Jean's wall, claws flashing. Magneto held up one
hand and suddenly he froze in place.
"Sending a man made of metal to fight the master of magnetism? Really Charles? Did you
fail fourth grade science?" He threw Wolverine into the path of Storm who quickly caught
him with her winds.
"I will crush you all!" Magneto cried out as he slowly rose into the air leveling up against
Storm, "you will bow down before me tonight Charles! I will not stop until-"
"-Oh shut the fuck up!" I cried out and landed on Jean's roof. I grabbed my EMP gun and
threw it at him, "eat shit ass hole!"
"You!" Magneto turned to me and held up one hand and seized the gun, "you think stupid
little trinkets can save you?!" He squeezed his hands, crushing the EMP gun. He couldn't see
it, but under my mask I was smiling.
Suddenly a burst of electric energy exploded outwards covering Magento in a shock wave of
energy. He looked confused and then suddenly he dropped down like a puppet with his
strings cut off.
He yelled in shock as he fell down twenty feet, landing with a crack. His right leg was bent in
an odd angle, the bone had snapped.
I jumped down and landed on Jean's yard, Magneto picking himself up, yelling in pain as he
looked at his broken leg. His screams were loud, painful even. I almost pitied him. Almost.
I walked up to him, I turned around, the girls and Charles Xavier himself slowly came out of
the broken house and onto the yard. Wolverine and Storm landed besides them, all eyes were
on me.
Rain poured down, lightning rumbling in the clouds. I felt the water soaking me, my helmet
growing wet, my bleeding arms stinging from the water.
"I bet you're wondering right now why you can't use your powers," I spoke in a low voice,
though I'm sure they could all hear me. "It's simple really. That 'toy' you destroyed? It was a
modified EMP gun, but instead of creating a magnetic pulse to short circuit electronics, I had

it to do the reverse, had it electrify the air around you and your body so that it demagnetisers
you. Basically your powers are screaming into the void, only it can't reach anything metal."
I slipped my back into my utility belt and took out two bronze jaw breakers and slipped them
into my hands.
Magneto's eyes went wide as he tried to crawl away, I grabbed him by the collar and brought
him upwards, "remember this you Nazi jewish mutant, just because you have an extra gene in
your blood, doesn't mean you're better than everyone else."
I drew back an arm and threw a punch into his helmet, cracking it. He dropped down, but I
didn't let up. I used half my strength and punched him over and over again. Thunder boomed
in the sky, each strike matching my own.
Magneto's helmet cracked in half down the middle and split open. I grabbed the pieces and
threw them aside before I threw a punch across his face. His nose broke, blood flowed out
freely from his nostrils, mixing with the rain, staining my bronze knuckle breakers.
"Spider-man! Stop!" Xavier called out, he touched his temples with his hands trying to use
his powers on me.
"Sorry baldey," I tapped my helmet, "psychic proof." Xavier's eyes went wide in shock. I
ignored him and turned back to Magneto, "you would have killed them wouldn't you? You
would have killed them without thinking, and why? Because they were human. Because they
were off a different race. Because they were jewish."
I was filled with anger, more than I have ever felt before. I almost lost my friends tonight,
lost them because of one idiot with power. My forearms were hurting, blood seeped out of the
web cast I had wrapped around my arm. But I didn't care, I just didn't give a damn.
I threw a punch across his face again, a perfect white tooth came flying out. His eyes was
swollen shut, his face became red and blue.
"That's enough kid," Wolverine came up to try and stop me.
A red arm popped out of my backpack and it's sharp tip landed near his throat. I didn't even
care that I was finally meeting one of my favorite heroes, I knew that I was, but I just didn't
care.
"Not now," I growled before lifting my arm into the air, ready to bring it down on Erik's
forehead, ready to split it open like a coconut.
"Peter! Stop!" Xavier suddenly yelled out. And suddenly everything slowed down.
"Peter?" MJ gasped with wide eyes.
"Peter?" Jean repeated. Liz didn't even speak.
I slowly looked up at Xavier, "you bastard. Whose mind did you rape to find that
information? Was it..." my eyes landed on Felicia's horror stricken face, "no...not her. You

fucking hypocrite!" I dropped Magneto and charged towards Charles.
"Don't do it kid," Wolverine stepped between me and him, his claws gleaming in the night,
"you don't want to do it."
"He raped my girlfriend's mind," I growled, "watch me." I tried to step aside my Logn pushed
me back with a shove. I meet his eyes and growled, "so that's how you want to play it? Fine!"
I jumped him, he moved back and kicked my gut.
I landed further away and quickly got up, charging again. Wolverine roared as he came
charging at me claws flashing. I jumped over him, clearing the distance easily, landing right
in front of Charles, a red robotic arm pressed against his neck.
"What's the difference between you and him?" I asked in a growl, "he would kill us, you
would use us. You tore the information out of her mind didn't you? Like it was fucking
nothing!"
"No, I don't do this lightly Peter," Xavier spoke in a calming tone, "I did it because you left
me no choice!"
"Why?!"
"Because you would have killed him!" Charles yelled back.
"He would have done the same to us!" I roared.
"Taking the life of another isn't justice," Charles argued.
I paused, the words echoed in my head, he was right. "Maybe...but what you did was
unforgivable. You had no right!"
"If you wish, I can remove the memory from-"
"No!" I growled clothing my hand around his turtleneck, "you will never touch their minds
ever again! Do you understand me you fucking bald freak?! If I even think you ever
manipulated the minds of the people I care about I don't fucking care what mutant army you
build, I will rip your head off your fucking shoulders! You got that?!"
The roar of the thunder in the background was the only sound heard. I let go of him and drew
in my arm. I walked past Logan, barely giving him a second glace. I walked up to Magneto's
broken and beaten body.
"I want you to remember this Erik," I spoke. Words said to a different super powered man
came to my head, the context perfect for what I needed to say, "in all your days to come, in
your most private moments, I want you to remember the human who beat you. With nothing
more than an EMP gun and two bronze knuckle busters I defeated the master of magnetism.
The human race is not weak Erik, we won't fall. Fight us, and you will die.

"You think there's a war coming, and you're right. But it's not between mutants and humans,
it's between those who abuse their power, thinking themselves Gods and those who
understand the value of their gifts. Like it or not, you are the former, you are everything that
is wrong with mutant kind, because you see, there is no human and mutant race, there is no
difference. There is just us, we are all we have. Accept this, or the next time we meet, I will
not spare you."
I turned around, I said what I wanted to say. I looked to the girls. They looked scared, MJ,
Liz and Jean all looked so scared.
But Felicia didn't give a damn. She run up to me and threw her arms around me, "I was
worried."
"I'm fine Kitten," I put away the bronze knuckle busters and slowly wrapped my arms around
her. "I told you didn't I? I would never let anyone hurt you. Ever."
"P-Peter?" MJ asked as she stepped up, "is that really you?"
I sighed as I broke the hug. I sent a glare at Xavier before turning to the girls. I tapped my
helmet, the front face slid up revealing my tired face. I gave a soft smile, "hey….I'm glad
you're safe."
You know, I always wondered why they just didn't use EMP's to shut Erik down. A
powerful enough magnetic field burst should kill his powers, no powers, no Magneto.
Duh.
Also regarding all the request for mutant powers, yes, I will include them, but not for
sometime. Also Peter's blood just can't react with anything he comes in contact with, it
needs to be treated with a specific set of radiation, like Subject-D's blood was.

Chapter 18
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

We sat in Jean's living room. The girls were on the couch, fidgeting nervously with tin foil
hats on their heads. It wasn't the best solution against Xavier's powers but it was all I could
do in the short time.
Logan and Storm were standing on either side of Xavier with Erik unconscious besides him,
tied up with my strongest webbing, and me, sitting on a lounger looking at my phone.
"What are you doing?" Logan asked.
"I'm calling SHIELD," I replied motioning to Erik, "they'll prepare a cage for him."
"I don't think that would be wise," Charles spoke up.
I looked at him, "one, I don't give a damn what you like and two, this isn't up for debate," I
connected the phone to my helmet which I still had on. I waited for it to ring before David
picked up.
"What?"
"Magneto, do you know about him?" I asked.
"What?! Why?! Peter, don't do something stupid! What's going on?"
"Earlier tonight Magneto attacked me and my friends. He's currently unconscious in Jean
Grey's living room. Tell Fury to prepare a cell for him, no ferrous metals, you could use
Titanium, but you need to treat it. Come quickly I don't know how long he'll be out."
"What?! What the hell are you-" I hanged up, annoying little shit.
"There's nothing to worry Peter, right now I have him in an artificial coma, he won't wake up
any time soon," the bald man told me.
I narrowed my eyes at him, "don't call me that."
Charles looked surprised, "w-what?"
"I'm wearing this costume for a fucking reason you blad tool," I spat out, "why don't you just
advertise my secret identity to the rest of the world why don't you?"
"I'm sorry Pet-Spider-man," he quickly corrected, "it will not happen again."
"I don't believe you," I shot back.

"I don't' make it a habit into reading the minds of others," Charles sighed looking at Felicia,
"I am truley sorry Ms. Hardy, I had no choice." Felicia flinched in slight fear.
"Don't you dare look at her!" I growled, "a man who compromised his morals once can and
will do so again. If you want to act like the Martin Luther King Jr of mutants you better start
acting the role."
"Show some respect kid," Logan growled.
"You show up in my city and reveal my secrets, why the fuck are you people here?" I asked.
"Because of Ms. Grey," Charles smiled at Jean, "I discovered your powers quite recently, I
wasn't aware though that Erik had done so as well."
"Discovered? How?" Jean asked, her curiosity getting the better of her.
"A machine that lets me discover mutants such as yourself," Charles explained, "it detected
your presence the moment your powers awakened."
"Great, a giant mutant detection machine, I'm sure there's no way that'll ever be misused," I
rolled my eyes.
"Huh, kid's got a mouth on him," Logan chuckled.
Charles sighed, "yes, he does."
"Why did you come in search of me?" Jean asked, "are you trying to recruit me like
Magneto?"
"Oh heavens no," Charles shook his head, "I'm trying to teach you. I have a school upstate
where I help teach gifted mutants to control their abilities. There I teach you to live in
harmony with humans and learn to control your powers. And I would very much like it if you
joined us Jean."
"M-me?" Jean asked shocked.
Charles nodded, "yes, you. You see, like you," he went silent, closing his eyes.
Jean suddenly gasped, "h-how are you doing that?" Charles remained silent and slowly Jean
closed her eyes too.
Logan growled, "I hate it when they do that."
"W-what's going on?" MJ asked.
"They are communicating telepathically," I replied with a sigh, "which is really fucking
rude."
"You'll get used to it," Storm finally spoke. She looked at me and the girls and smiled, "hello,
I am Ororo Munroe, this man here is Logan, we are teachers at school."

"S-so you're mutants too?" Liz asked slowly, her courage coming back.
"Yes, we are," Ororo nodded, "I can control the weather. Make it rain, snow, whatever I
wish."
Logan growled, he held up one hand and clenched it bringing out his claws, "I'm nothing
special."
I looked at him properly for the first time. This Logan was shorter, his frame wider. And
judging from the costume he wore this world's X-men were from the X-men evolution tv
show. But judging from my actions I've probably already changed the events of said show.
Damn it.
"So furry, what's the deal with you and growling?" I asked. He raised an eyebrow and
growled. "See what I mean?!"
Ororo chuckled while Logan gave a short smile. And then Liz exploded, "Peter! You're
fucking Spider-man!"
I sighed and leaned back, "so you finally got it huh?"
Liz gapped, "b-but how?! When?! Why?!"
"Peter, how long have you….been...you know," MJ looked at me, examining my costume
head to toe.
I sighed, "since the day the Hulk destroyed Harlem." MJ gasped and I nodded, "yeah, when I
told you I went to help people I really went to stop those two things from destroying the city."
"Wait, you're that kid in the red and blue hoodie that stopped that grey abomination?" Logan
asked.
I nodded, "yeah."
"Impressive," Ororo's eyes were wide in surprise.
"Not really," I shrugged, "I just closed its air passaged and made him suffocate."
"So you're Spider-man?!" Liz asked.
"Yes Liz, I am," I rolled my eyes, "I promise, I'll explain everything to you guys later. But
right now, we need to focus on Jean."
"Oh my God," Liz whispered as she began thinking to herself, I could almost see the wheels
spinning.
"And you knew?" MJ asked Felicia in what I figured a jealous tone.
Felicia gave a small smile and nodded, "of course, why wouldn't I?"

MJ's looked pissed, she turned to me and glared, "why did you tell her and not me?! I'm your
oldest friend!"
I shrugged, "I trust her more."
MJ looked hurt, "y-you don't trust me?"
"I do MJ I really do, but this was something too big, plus you were dating Harry at the time, I
didn't think you would keep my secret."
"Peter, I would never do something like that!" MJ cried out, "I'm your friend first Tiger, you
can always talk to me!"
I sighed, "yeah, I'm sorry. We'll talk about this later MJ," I looked at Jean and Charles slowly
wrapping up, "first we deal with this."
Jean opened her eyes and let out a sigh, "this is so strange."
Charles smiled, "yes, I find talking with our minds to be much quicker and more...liberating
than using our mouths."
"Yeah," Jean nodded, "I get what you mean."
"So? Have you given it any thought Jean?" Charles asked.
"I...I accept," Jean spoke slowly.
"What?!" Liz cried out, "Jean you can't go with them! You heard Peter! He like read Felicia's
mind! And ours!"
Jean nodded, "I know, but...I need to learn Liz, I need to know what my limits are and...I can't
do that here."
I sighed, "you know the problem with your choice?" everyone turned to me and I glared at
Charles, "you can't be sure who's making them. You, or the man who can control people's
mind."
"I assure you Spider-man I would never manipulate a student like that," Charles defended
himself.
"A student? What about everyone else? Do we not count?"
"I merely meant I wouldn't force anyone to join my school," Charles calmly explained. I'll
admit, I was being unfair, but screw him, he mind raped my girlfriend.
"Jean, you can't go," MJ slowly said, "with all that's happening...we need you."
Jean lowered her head, "no MJ, you don't. Peter can protect you but me...I'm useless to
everyone until I can figure out how my powers work."

"Don't talk like that Jean," Felicia butted in, "Pete didn't become who he was on day one. It
took him time and training, lots of it. He grew into his powers, and so can you."
"Yeah, but come on, we'll all know Peter's special," Jean smiled at me, "I still can't believe
you're Spider-man."
I smiled and shrugged, "you would have figured it out Birdie, you don't give yourself enough
credit."
"Jean, do you really want to do this?" Liz asked slowly.
"I have too Liz, I want to protect you all, but I can't do that without...without help," she
sighed, her pride wounded in that admittance.
I stood up and look down at at her. Jean meet my eyes and slowly got up as well. We stood
facing each other, "if you go with them you're going to get into a lot of trouble."
"I can handle it."
I grinned, "I bet. But, when you're off, growing into a powerful mutant and all that I want you
to remember what you learnt from us. That humans won't always be cruel, that sometimes
they can be kind as well. Don't ever forget that Jean."
Jean slowly nodded, "I won't, I promise."
"This so isn't fair!" Liz cried out as she hugged Jean, "we literally just started hanging out and
you're already leaving?!"
"I'm sorry Liz, I wish I had more time," Jean sighed as she held her friend, slowly crying out
small tears.
Slowly the others got up and hugged Jean as well, whispering how much they would miss
her. Soon SHIELD came and took Magneto away. Charles, Logan and Ororo left after that,
Charles promising to come and talk to Jean's parents about the change first thing in the
morning.
The next day was a Sunday, Charles had convinced Jean's parents to send her to his school, I
had Jean make sure her parents weren't being mind controlled, just in case. So now she had to
pack all her stuff, and the girls and I volunteered to help.
I walked up to her home in normal civilian clothing and whistled at the sight of her wrecked
home. I didn't realize it last night but Magneto really did a number on it. Her roof was now
exposed out into the air, I could see MJ, Liz and Felicia inside, helping Jean pack up.
"Hello girls," I walked up to them with a smile, "working hard I see."
"Hey Tiger," Felicia smiled as she gave me a quick peck on the check. She held up my hands
and sighed at the cast around them, "what did the doctor say?"

"It will take a few weeks to recover," I smiled, "meaning I'll be okay this time tomorrow."
"So, is that like one of your powers?" Liz asked in a quiet whisper.
I nodded, "yeah, my body recovers fast. But ah, maybe we should hold off on that discussion
until we get somewhere a little more..." I looked at the missing fourth wall, "private?"
"Yeah, maybe," MJ agreed.
With my help we had the packing done by lunch time, when Jean suggested we go out for
lunch. She told her parents it was a last meal with friends sort of deal and they quickly
agreed.
We went to an Italian place a few blocks over and found ourselves a quiet booth in the back,
someplace I knew we wouldn't be overheard.
"How did you explain the missing wall to your parents?" MJ asked.
"Professor Xavier told them their foundation was broken," Jean shrugged, "they didn't really
believe him, but they don't really know what else to think. I think my dad's going to hire
someone to figure it out though."
MJ nodded, "cool, by the way what happened to the crazy magnet guy?"
"SHIELD has him in lock up," I told them, "as of last night he was taken into a black site and
locked in with the keys thrown away. We won't be hearing from him any time soon."
"Okay, can we finally talk about this now?" Liz asked, her paitences finally running out,
"you're Spider-man!"
"Quietly!" I hissed, looking around, thank God no one over heard that, "yes Liz, I'm Spiderman, happy?"
"How?!" she asked.
I sighed, "remember that field trip we took? The time I got bit by that spider?"
"Yeah," she drawled out her answer.
"It altered my genetic code, gave me spider powers. I became faster, stronger and could cling
on walls. Hence, Spider-man. There, happy?"
"But how? It was just a spider right?" MJ asked in surprise.
"No, it was a genetically altered spider that was radiated," I didn't mention the fact my blood
could also adapt in different ways, too much information and all that.
"What about the webs?" Jean asked.
"Artificial," I shrugged, "I designed them myself at home."

"You did that?" MJ asked before rolling her eyes, "of course you did, why do I even bother
asking?"
And so I spent the rest of the afternoon and better part of the evening explaining what I did
and why I did it. I didn't tell them everything, things like my research into my own blood or
SHIELD training me.
"So wait, you found a way to reverse engineer the Iron Man suit?!" Liz asked in shock as we
walked through a local park.
I chuckled, "not all of it, no, just the arc reactor and the repulsor beams. It's fascinating really,
really top notch stuff."
"Wow," Jean said, "so like, do you know other heros?"
I shrugged, "not really. The ones I know are the Fantastic Four."
"Wait, do they know about your...other job?" MJ phrased the wording very carefully.
"Yeah, the first fight with Doom I got knocked out, they took care of me and they found out.
But they were totally cool about it, Johnny especially, he was so excited he got a buddy to
play superhero with."
"Oh my God this is so freaking weird!" Liz yelled out, Felicia chuckled and Liz narrowed her
eyes on her, "and don't you dare laugh! How long have you known?!"
Felicia rolled her eyes, "since December."
"December," MJ repeated slowly, "almost half a year? And you...how did you keep it a secret
for so long?"
Felicia smiled, wrapped her arms around mine, "he's my Tiger, how could I ever betray him?"
I smirked, "oh Kitten, just for that, you are so getting some tonight."
"Oh no, no no, you two aren't doing anything tonight!" Liz quickly announced, "tonight is
Jean's last day in New York so we are spending the time together!"
I looked at Felicia who shrugged. I nodded, "alright, fair enough. Any idea?"
Liz grinned, "yeah….party time!"
That night:
"This is not what I meant!" Liz cried out as we all sat in MJ's room. Anna was visiting MJ's
parents for the weekend, so we had the place all to ourselves. So we did what people would
normal do to have fun, play Monopoly, I was the race car, obviously, and right now MJ was
winning.
"I don't like clubs," MJ replied.

"And I don't want to spend the entire night trying to scare bitches from stealing my man,"
Felicia shrugged.
"Same," I replied.
"Yeah well sorry, but I'm not used to large crowds just yet" Jean winced, "too loud."
"Thought's still giving you trouble?" I asked.
"Yeah, it's...difficult. I try to keep them out like you taught me, but sometimes a few come
through."
I shrugged, "well relax, I'm sure Baldy will be more than happy to help you."
"You still don't care for him huh?" Jean asked.
I nodded, "obviously. He violated their personal privacy Jean, how would you like it if
someone read your thoughts and took out a secret you have been holding on? Like, what if
you were gay, didn't realize it, but then Baldy just announced it to everyone?"
"Well she's definitely not gay," Liz mumbled as she sipped from her bottle of beer. It was the
only alcohol we got for the night, I figured a few bottles couldn't be that bad right?
"Peter's right though," MJ nodded, "be careful Jean, I don't trust him."
Jean nodded, "yeah, I will."
"Oh, and don't go all philosophical on us," Felicia snorted, "that's something we don't need."
"I'll drink to that," I raised my bottle, "to Jean Grey, mutant extraordinaire and awesome
friend."
"To Jean!" the others raised a glass.
Jean blushed, "thanks you guys, you're the best."
We chuckled drinking the warm liquid. I'll admit, this isn't the first drink I ever had, but it is
the first drink Peter's body ever consumed, and I didn't realise that. So when I chugged it
down, expecting it to go do smoothly, I was mistaken.
I coughed. Felicia patted my back, "you okay Tiger?"
I nodded, "yeah, stronger than I thought."
"It's just beer," Felicia told with a raised eyebrow.
"Yeah," I trailed off awkwardly
"Wait a minute, Parker, is this the first time your drinking?" Liz asked in barely hidden joy.
I rolled my eyes, "no...I just haven't had it in a long time."

"Really? What's your favorite drink?"
"Vodka with vanilla and mint," I replied, yes, my taste in drinks were odd, sue me.
"Huh, I've never seen you drink that," Felicia said with a raised eyebrow.
"Yeah, I told you, I don't really drink that often, especially since I started, you know," I made
the devil horn with my hand pretending to shoot webs, "swinging around the city in break
neck speeds is much more enjoyable, trust me."
"How does it feel?" MJ asked curiously.
"Like the world's problems don't matter," I smiled, "the first jump is scary, true, but the swing
down, that's stomach turning. But when I swing upwards and let go, flying through the air for
a split second….that's when it feels like I'm not even human anymore."
The girls were in silent awe, before Felicia spoke up, "well Tiger, that's because you really
aren't."
I grinned, "well, you do always keep calling me 'God! God!' whenever we're alone, so I'm
inclined to agree."
Felicia blushed red as the others laughed hard. We talked into the night, MJ talked about this
new play she was trying for, Liz talked about how Flash would so freak out if he learnt Peter
was actually his favorite hero and Jean just took it all in.
Soon though I realized the bottles of alcohol had been slowly piling up in one corner, my
metabolism however wasn't letting me get drunk, I had finished ten bottles single handedly.
And the girls noticed.
"How come you're drunk passed out drunk?" Liz asked, her words a little slurred.
"My body process the alcohol better," I shrugged, "I'm a little tipsy, but nothing much."
"Well that's not fair at all!" MJ cried out with a giggle, "y-you need to drink some more Mr.
Spider! We're all getting drunk tonight!"
"She's right Tiger," Felicia huffed, her cheeks now red, "you need to get drunk too!"
"I don't think I can Kitten," I chuckled finishing off bottle number 11, "it's very difficult."
"I know!" Liz suddenly called out. She took her bag and searched inside, pulling out a metal
flask the size of my hand, "whiskey! The strongest shit my dad has!"
"I don't know-"
"Oh come on Peter! Where's your sense of adventure!" Jean cried out, "I'm leaving tomorrow
dammit, I demand the chance to watch you make a fool of yourself!"
"Come on Tiger," Felicia kissed my cheek, "live a little."

I looked at them and sighed, "fine, fine, I'll do it. Shesh, you girls are impossible."
"Says the guy who can crawl up the side of a building," MJ huffed.
I took the flask and sniffed it, the scent of liquor rolling off of it. I shrugged and took a sip,
the smooth burning sensation rushing down my throat.
I sighed, "not bad."
"Great, now, who's turn was it again?" Liz asked picking up the dice.
"Mine," Felicia said rolling the dice and getting a three, "Trafalgar Square, I'm buying it."
"What? No! I need it! I already have the other two!" MJ cried out.
"Sorry Red, that's life," Felicia shrugged.
"Come on Felicia! Please! You don't even like it! Plus it's red! Shouldn't the red head have
red?!"
"Why, then what about me?!" Jean cried out.
"Ah….you already have the pink set right?"
"Yeah? And?"
"Well then you can't have both!" MJ cried out.
The game carried on, and I began to drink more and more. I was losing, badly. MJ was a
shrewd business woman, cutting shady deals with people behind our backs, feigning a lack of
interest to make us desperate. Only Jean was immune, and I think that's because she could
read MJ's mind.
Eventually I ran out of money, but instead of kicking me off the board like they were
supposed to do, they instead just had me drink from the flask instead of paying rent. It was
humiliating real, back in my real body I was the king of this game, but now I was getting
schooled. Fucking teenage girls, I just know they're cheating somehow!
And eventually the game drew to a close when Liz cried out, "that's it! I quit! MJ's totally
cheating!"
"Am not!" MJ laughed.
"Are too!" Felicia cried out, she's really competitive when she got drunk, and right now she
was really drunk. "You keep making these shitty backdoor deals! You told me you wouldn't
charge me rent four five turns if I gave you Mayfair, but offered Liz the same deal!"
"Yeah! And you then tried to make me give you my cards in exchange for the Utilities!" Jean
yelled.

"Plus I saw you stealing money from the bank when no one was looking," I add with a smirk.
"What?!" the girls yelled as they all turned to Jean with a glare.
The red head gave a nervous laughter, "I-ah….I still win bitches!"
"I hate this game!" Liz threw her cash down in anger, "I'm going to bed!"
"Here, I'll show you to aunt Anna's room, just don't puke in it okay? Or you're going to help
me clean it up," MJ got up and walked Liz out.
I sighed and leaned back, the flask was finally empty, I was finally starting to feel drunk,
well, maybe a little buzzed, but not full on drunk.
I turned to Felicia, "so you staying here tonight?"
Felicia leaned into my shoulder, "yeah, I'll sleep on the couch down stairs. Jean, MJ said
there's a guest room you can use."
Jean nodded, "yeah, I know."
"You don't have to sleep on the couch you know," I told her kissing her forehead pulling her
close, "I do live right across the street."
"I really doubt aunt May and uncle Ben would like seeing your girlfriend in bed with you,"
Felicia teased.
"Oh, don't worry about it, if they find out the worst they could do is yell a little before May
starts planning out the wedding."
"What?!" Felicia's eyes went wide.
"Kidding," I chuckled, "fine, you sleep in the basement, nice soft bed."
"Hmm, and would you happen to be working late tonight?"
I smirked, "if you really want me too, then yes."
"That's so not fair," Jean called out suddenly.
I blinked I actually forgot she was there, damn I hate being drunk. "What's that Birdie?" I
asked.
"I said it's not freaking fair," she huffed, "tonight's supposed to be about me, now you two are
going to fuck and I'm just going to alone."
"Well, you still have MJ," I told her gently, not wanting to put her down.
"If you want you can join us," Felicia offered with a chuckled. I rolled my eyes, of course she
just said that.

"Okay," Jean repy was nearly immediate.
"W-What?" I stammered out.
"I said okay," Jean looked at us, both of us. She got up and walked over, Felicia and I staring
at her in surprise as she put her legs on either side of me and slowly sat down on my lap,
straddling it, putting her arms around my neck.
"Jean what are you doing?" I asked leaning away. I looked at Felica, she looked just as
surprised.
"You wanted me to join didn't you?" she leaned forward, her hands pressed against my chest
as she leaned forward, "I said yes."
"Jean this isn't-"
She shut me down, grabbing my head and slamming her lips against mine. My eyes went
wide in surprise as she leaned her entire body in. Her groin resting over my slowly hardening
dick, her arms wrapped around my neck as she moaned into the kiss.
She finally stopped, I was stunned. Her lip were covered with my saliva, she stuck her tongue
out and licked it up, slowly, seductively.
"What the hell do you think you're doing Jean!" Felicia cried out, finally breaking out of her
state of shock, "get off him-"
Jean leaned to the side and grabbed Felicia by the head and kissed her as well. Felicia's eyes
went wide in surprise as I dropped my jaw in shock. Jean moaned into the kiss, she slowly
pulled back, biting Felicia's bottom lip as she did.
"I want you both," Jean whispered in a husky lust filled voice. I don't know why I didn't
notice it before, but the hot maple syrup scent rolled off her in droves, "and I know you want
me," she gyrated her hips on my crotch and I felt myself come alive, "both of you," she
looked to Felicia, "I know you don't just like boys Felicia."
"Y-you read my mind?" Felicia asked.
"No, I didn't have to," Jean smiled, "you and Peter keep staring at the same girls."
I blinked, "damn, that was fast. You're pretty observant."
"You knew?!" Felicia asked in horror.
I smiled and held her hand gently, "of course I did Kitten. What, you think I wouldn't notice
the woman I love checking out other girls? Come on, I'm not that stupid. I know you Cat."
Felicia's eyes widened, I don't know if it was the alcohol or what, but she looked like she was
about to faint from a rush of emotions. I smell maple syrup coming off her, but it was lighter,
not lust, love. She felt love for me, and it made her leap at me, pushing Jean off as she pushed
me to the ground, her hands cupping my neck while mine automatically went to her ass.

She moaned into my mouth as she slowly pulled back, "Peter, I love you."
"I love you too," I replied as I felt my heart beat faster.
Jean then slowly cupped Felicia's face and brought it up, kissing it. I saw Felicia slowly
deepen the kiss as Jean's hand slowly cupped her breasts. I didn't like feeling left out, I
slapped my hand across Felicia's behind making her squeak in surprise.
She broke the kiss and looked down, I growled, "don't you dare ignore me."
"Never," Jean replied, as she bent down and closed my lips with hers. This time I kissed her
back, grabbing her neck as I pushed in harder, dominating her tongue under mine. As I did
this my other hand went up Felicia's shirt, cupping her breasts as I pinched her nipples.
"N-not here," Felicia managed to moan out, "MJ will see."
Jean finally broke the kiss, "the guest room. She won't bother us there. She'll think we all just
went to bed."
I nodded and got up. We walked across the hallway and entered the guest room first. Jean
went to see MJ, I could hear her telling her fellow red head we had already left.
I turned to Felicia and I could feel lust and love come at me in equal measures. The bed was
large, queen sized. I pushed her on it and went on top, kissing her neck slowly, my hands
running across her sides.
Suddenly I stopped and moved back. Felicia opened her eyes, her state of bliss broken as she
looked at me, "what's wrong Peter."
I was afraid, I was afraid if we do this she might leave me for Jean. It was stupid, I know, she
wouldn't do that, but I didn't want her to leave, I don't think I could handle it if she did.
"Don't ever leave me," I begged.
Felicia got up and kissed me, "never," she whispered.
Jean stepped in and closed the door, I heard her close the door shut. We looked to her, she
looked at us. I felt excitement take over, pure unfiltered lust.
No words were spoken as she came to us. Felicia and I got up and surrounded her, my silver
haired beauty leaned forward and grabbed her neck, pushing Jean's head up with a thumb as
she began to suck on her neck, biting the skin with playful bites.
"Oh God," Jean hissed as I walked up behind her and put my hand on her hips. My hands
moving up before slowly moving to her front, my fingers unbuttoning her jeans with a single
flick.
Felicia kissed her, the sound of their lips rubbing against each other fueled my hunger. I bent
down and bite her neck, causing her to flinch before shuddering as moved slowly down to her
collar bone.

My hands came up and grabbed her tits, they were firm to the touch. I squeezed them making
Jean moan louder into Felicia's mouth.
Felicia broke the kissed and smiled, "stop teasing her Tiger. She's barely holding it together."
"Patience," I whispered as I bit into her neck, causing her to gasp. Felicia's hands cupped her
breasts before she grabbed Jean's blouse and threw it over her head and onto the bed.
Felicia's hands cupped Jean's ass, while mine went to her pants, pulling them down in one
swift motion. Jean kicked her pants aside, she gasped, "oh fuck," Felicia had bitten her
nipple.
"Let's get rid of this," Felicia growled as she unlatched Jean's bra and threw it aside. She took
a step back and grinned, "perfect."
The night went on, Felicia's moans were the loudest, Jean's the softest. The room quickly
filled with the sounds of sexy and the aroma of lust. Their inhibitions lowered from the
alcohol, their desires fully taking over.
The three spent each moment exploring the other's body. They were so distracted, they didn't
notice their door open and a red haired teen look inside with startled green eyes.
She gasped as she watched Peter make love to another red head while his girlfriend watched.
Her thighs began to rub against each other to create friction, to tease her own core. She
watched as Felicia rode her boyfriend while Jean lowered herself on his face.
She watched, and slowly, her fingers slipped into her pants as she began to enjoy. She played
with herself, watching them as they had each other like the monsters of lust they were. She
watched as Jean kissed Peter on the lips while Felicia's own were wrapped around his
member. She watched, and for a moment, she wished she could join.
An hour passed for her, Felicia was the first to collapse, exhausted. By now it was just Jean
and Peter, and their perverted watcher. MJ lost count of how many times she pleased herself,
and she didn't care.
She watched Peter plow into Jean, the red head's hair flying over her head from the force of
his thrusts. She listened to Jean's screams of joy as Peter kissed her lower lips, enjoying her
taste. She listened to Peter's grunts and he carried Jean in his arm, her legs wrapped around
his body as he thrusted into her.
She wanted, and she came. Over and over again. The scent got to her, her fingers slipped out
as she went to her knees, exhausted.
And finally, Jean too was famished. She laid on the bed, panting with a smile on her face as
her lover leaned next to her. He was still hard, she kissed him, using her hands to please him
one last time before they pulled the covers over them.
MJ closed the door and slowly made her way back to her room. It was four in the morning
now, but she couldn't sleep. She touched between her legs once more and found it still damp.

She only had one regret, she should have joined in.
I don't remember what happened next, I just don't. I vaguely recall clothes flying off and
bodies heaving. The next thing I know for sure was me waking up in an unfamiliar bed with
Jean's head on my left while Felicia was snuggled close to my right pec.
My spun, hangover, definite hangover. The curtains were drawn, thank God. I looked down,
Felicia was smiling, her neck covered with hickeys, and I'm sure most of them weren't from
me.
"Morning," Jean moaned as she put her arm around me and Felicia, pulling closer before she
opened her eyes revealing those amazing green emerald eyes, "do you….do you remember
last night?"
"Some parts," I noticed Felicia's bra hanging over the bedpost, "I think."
"Same," she moaned as she looked around, "it's six in the morning."
"What time did Xavier say he would pick you up?" I asked.
"Eight," she grumbled as she tucked in closer, "we have time."
I nodded, "yeah. He can wait," I pulled her closer and planted a kiss on her forehead.
"You don't have to worry Pete," Jean suddenly spoke.
"About what?" I asked.
She looked up, "about Felicia ever leaving you. Last night I...I couldn't maintain control over
my powers. I kept trying to scan your brains and….do you know the one thing she kept
thinking?"
"What?" I asked.
'She was thinking about how much she loved you,' Jean said in my head, 'and how much she
had to go through before finding you. You're her anchor Peter, so don't worry, she'll never
leave you...especially for someone like me.'
I felt my heart skip a beat, "that's not what I….I just wasn't sure Jean."
"I know," she leaned up and kissed my cheek, "and I understand. Relax Spider, she's all
yours."
Eventually we did get dressed. The sight of a naked Jean Grey will always be seared into my
mind. She looked so amazing, she may not have any curves yet, but that didn't stop my from
getting hot and bothered.
We got ready, I tried to wake up Felicia, but she didn't even budge. I then went into MJ's
room to wake her up and walked into her changing.

"EP!" she cried out as she covered her bare top with a shirt.
"Sorry!" I cursed as I closed the door, "I just wanted to tell you we're about to leave. Xavier's
going to pick up Jean soon."
"R-right, I'll be there," MJ replied back. I blinked, a naked Jean Grey and a topless MJ?
Damn, my day is just getting better and better.
I went to my home and took a bath, quietly as to not awaken Ben and May. When I came
back to MJ's house Jean and Liz were in the kitchen, both having a strong cup of black
coffee.
"Morning Peter," Jean smiled, "did you sleep well last night?" 'Liz thinks you went home,' she
told me telepathically.
I smiled, "yup. You guys?"
"Please, not so loud," Liz groaned as she held her head in pain, "so noisy, so loud. My hurt
head."
I chuckled at her jumbled words, "that's why you shouldn't drink so much."
"Morning Peter, morning Jean," MJ said as she came downstairs, now showered and in a new
set of clothes. She looked at the kitchen and sighed, "you guys want something to eat? I can
make waffles."
"I'll help," I offered as I took out the waffle iron and turned it on.
"Could you make some blueberry waffles?" Jean asked, "I like those."
"Do you have some MJ?" I asked the redhead.
"What?" MJ asked, distracted from the curious glance Jean gave her, "oh, yeah, the fridge."
I nodded as I moved, picking them out from the bottom shelf. "I always wondered how you
got such a cute butt Parker, guess now I know," Liz snorted.
"Keep starting Allen, because that's all you're going to get," Felicia said as she came down.
She looked like she had taken a shower, though she wore the same clothes as yesterday.
"Morning," I told her giving her a kiss, "sleep well?"
"Oh, you bet," she purred as she sat down.
"Oh my God!" Jean gasped suddenly.
"What?" I asked.
"Nothing! It's nothing!" MJ cried out as she grabbed Jean and dragged her upstairs, "I need to
give her something! I'll be back in a moment!"

I blinked, "what's wrong with her?" I asked Felicia.
"I think she's finally gone mad," Liz said as she groaned, "are you going to make those
waffles or not Parker?! I need food man! Food to soak up the booze!"
"You should have done that before you get the hangover," Felicia chuckled.
I smiled as I began to make them food, the warm aroma making Liz finally lift her head up
and smile. Her hair was a mess and her makeup was gone, but she looked alert enough.
I made a stack of waffles three feet tall when Jean and MJ finally came down, Jean looking
happy while MJ looked embarrassed.
"What happened?" Felicia asked.
"Nothing!" MJ cried out, "it was nothing!"
Jean smirked, "just getting MJ to promise me something very important."
I raised an eyebrow, "right...anyway, eat up ladies!"
"Is that all for us?" Liz blinked, "Peter, I don't think we can eat all that."
"Please," Felicia snorted into her coffee, "you have no idea how much this guy eats. It's like a
black hole where his stomach is."
I smirked as we sat down in the dining table, munching on our food. We were all silent as we
ate, though Jean did keep sending me and Felicia winks. Felicia didn't really respond too
well, as she tended to blush and look away, I think she still can't believe what happened last
night.
After breakfast we got ready and left. We arrived in Jean's house and went in to meet her
parents. They were...aloof to say the least. Having their only daughter be a mutant was a life
changing event for them, they didn't know what to say or do.
We had helped Jean pack the day before, we took her bags and walked out onto the curb, just
as a limo pulled out.
Logan walked out from the driver's seat while Ororo helped the professor out. Xavier smiled
at us, "are you ready to leave?"
Jean nodded, "yeah, just...give me a moment professor."
"Of course," he smiled as he went back inside. Logan and I helped put the bags in the trunk
while Jean hugged everyone goodbye.
"Stay safe okay?" Liz said as she huggd Jean tightly, "and remember, no sprouting
complicated philosophy at us. If you can't explain it to a five year old it's too boring to
remember."

Jean chuckled, "right, I promise." She then went to MJ and hugged her, "don't forget. Do it,
I'm sure they'll agree."
"I'll try," MJ smiled, "be safe Jean."
"I will," she then hugged Felicia and said nothing, though I would guess that they were
having a telepathic conversation.
And then finally, she hugged me and spoke in my head, 'don't worry bout a thing. I'll be fine
Peter. Oh, and MJ has this little crush on you FYI.'
I chuckled, 'I know. But I'm sure it'll fade away in time.'
Jean rolled her eyes, "for the smartest teenager on the planet you sure are dumb Peter."
"Hey!"
Jean smiled as she moved back, "I promise I'll never forget you, any of you."
Felicia and I looked at each other, a sly smile on our lips. MJ looked conflicted while Liz
looked heartbroken. We stood there and waved at the limo as it drove away. The moment it
took a turn we knew we had to leave as well.
Felicia and Liz took a cab home while MJ and I just walked. It wasn't that far, and I didn't
feel like going home just yet.
"So what did you and Jean talk about?" I asked MJ.
"She...she wanted me to try and do something stupid," she shrugged, "it's not important."
I blinked, "right….I'm going to miss her."
"Yeah, me too."
"I really hope she doesn't become an evil cosmic entity that kills people for fun."
"What?"
"Inside joke," I smirked as we continued walking back home, MJ sending me the occasional
side glance.

Chapter End Notes

There we go, enjoy.

I hope this time the lemon scene was better, I know it's not my specialty, but hey, that's
where the story goes.
Also I understand most of you wanted Jean to stay, but she needs Charles' guidance.
Maybe after she gets a hold of things she might return, but until then the X men
Evolution time line is fixed.
Also yes, while it may not be a full on harem, there will be some love interests. And as
you can see, Felicia's down for that too.

Chapter 19: Avengers I
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The month of May went by without issue. The girls and I missed Jean, a lot, but she texted
when she could and according to her she was happy enough. She mentioned a guy named
Scott was already there in the school and they quickly became friends. I of course knew they
would eventually be much more than that, but I kept that to myself.
Felicia and I did talk about that night with Jean. We agreed there was a lot of alcohol
involved and we shouldn't ever do it again. I admit I was a little disappointed to hear that last
bit, but I understood, if she even suggested a threesome with some other guy I would be
pissed, so I won't act like a hypocrite.
We did also talk about her bi-sexuality, for some reason she thought I would freak out, but I
didn't. I think we grew much closer because I so readily accepted her, and that was good,
because I really didn't want her to leave me for some bitch, like….huh….there really isn't
many female gay villains in Marvel are there?
Anyway, I continued my life as usual. I first had to repair my broken web gauntlets, fucking
Magneto and his fucking broken powers. This time though I made sure to make them out of
titanium and a few other metals that I knew wouldn't be magnetic. If he even thinks of
escaping whatever hole Fury threw him in he wouldn't live to regret it.
I had to also rebuild my EMP gun, couldn't live without that, so many villains used
technology these days, it would be really useful in the long run.
I then moved on to maintaining my tech, I needed to check up on all the systems and make
sure they were running perfectly. But as I did so I found my spider arms and bronze knuckle
busters stained with the blood of Magneto.
Fresh, mutant blood...and I got an idea. I opened a new folder that I hide in a subsystem
named 'Mutant-Spider', cool name I know. And inside the file and put forth a new theory, 'is it
possible to give myself new powers?'
From my exposure to Jessica Drew's blood I have found I gained few of her abilities that is
encoded on a genetic level. So is it possible to do that again? With someone else's blood?
The concept was simple, irradiate the blood of a meta and inject myself with it. According to
Sue my blood with react with any foreign invaders and adapt whatever it finds useful into my
genetic structure. Meaning I could theoretically gain any mutant's power.
I scraped Magneto's blood off my tech and put it in a vial marked, 'M'. I then spent the rest of
the month learning more about what those geneticists did in order to inject kids with Jessica's
blood. How did the radiate and turn the blood gaseous? I needed to find it out.

Luckily for me Sue had the files on hand in her laptop. But unfortunately I couldn't access
them without telling her why I was looking into this again. It was a dead end, for now.
So other than that life was going pretty well for me. School had finally gotten over with.
Needless to say I aced all my exams without an issue. And thanks to my endless tutoring, so
did Felicia and MJ.
So now I had so much of free time on my hands, I told Ben and May was going to be
working much longer hours now, and I did. I spent a lot of time in the Baxter building with
the FF, working with them to create new toys to play with.
But when I wasn't helping around in the lab I was out patrolling the streets. Spider-man was
now a full time job for me, I was basically everywhere. My Twitter was constantly blowing
up with people tweeting my location at all times of the day.
Hell there were even websites that did nothing but track me and my movements, so because
of that I had to be extra careful when going to place where Peter Parker might be seen, like
the Baxter building or in Queens.
I also began to work a couple of more criminal cases, breaking up drug deals and on occasion
entire gangs. It was long hard work, but I knew it would be worth it.
But there was another thing that also increased taking up a portion of my free time. Usually I
wouldn't mind, but the person I was spending all that time with was such a douche. I was of
course talking about….David.
Fucking asshole.
He kept training me into the ground. Sometimes he didn't even know why, just that it was in
the manual. But I kept quite, for all my complaining he did do his job well, I learnt quite a lot
from him, especially when it came to knowing what rules to follow.
And right now I was in the training mat doing my best not to lose my temper that this moron.
"What's the matter Parker?! Can't cut it out in the big leagues?!" David swung a kick at my
head that I lazily dodged.
"Oh yeah, you're the big leagues David," I rolled my eyes.
"You know if you spent as much time on training as you do yapping away then you might
just make a half decent super-hero!"
"And if you took your head out of your ass you might just make a decent man," I smiled as I
threw punch that connected with his shoulder, sending him back a few steps.
"Not bad, kid," he spat out.
"Thanks, douche."
"That mouth on you, do you kiss your girlfriend with that mouth?"

"Yeah, and your mother."
"Why you little-" he charged forward, I simply grabbed one arm and threw him over my head
into the mat.
I put a foot down on his torso and smiled, "I win."
"You won the moment agent David made this a fight of words rather than fists," a familiar
voice called out. Standing on the frame of the door was a very tired looking Nick Fury. He
looked at me and nodded, "I find this one has a mouth on him that rivals Wilson."
"You can tell me that again," David groaned as I stepped back and helped him up. David
saluted Fury, "sir."
Fury saluted back, "at ease," he turned to me and noticed my casual stance, "don't you know
you're supposed to salute a senior?"
"Oh come on Fury, you ain't that old, maybe 40, or 50, but definitely not a senior," I smirked.
"You are so annoying," David growled.
"Thanks."
Fury smirked for a moment before it fell from his face. He turned to David, "I need the room
for a moment."
"Yes sir," the man nodded and quickly walked out leaving me and Fury alone.
Fury brought out a file and handed it me, "do you remember why I brought you on in the first
place?"
I nodded, "the Avenger's initiative. I'm assuming I'm being called in?" I opened the folder and
found detailed information about all my future teammates. Iron Man, Captain America and
Hulk. There were a few missing, but I suppose SHIELD never did actually account for Thor
or even their own agents joining did they?
I whistled, "damn, these are some heavy hitter. You sure Stark's ego can handle working in a
team?"
"Are you really one to question anyone's team skills?"
"True, but still. If push comes to shove Cap and I will get along great, Stark on the other
hand...he's a wild card."
"Agreed, but time is running out."
"What about the FF?" I asked curiously, "I know Reed and Sue aren't a fan, but Johnny
should be up for this."

"We...assessed him, his sister was insistent he wasn't going to be used as a SHIELD asset,"
Fury looked nervous, guess he finally figured out just how dangerous Sue Storm was.
"And Ben?"
Nick sighed, "he flat out refused. He said he already had a team, didn't want to be used by the
government," he motioned for me to turn to the last few pages and I did. It showed the
Tesseract and Fury continued, "it's called the Tesseract, a source of unlimited power SHIELD
was hoping would end our energy crisis once and for all. And last night it was stolen."
And so it begins.
Two hours later:
After Fury briefed me I quickly got ready. I told Ben and May I was going to be in the lab for
a few days, an experiment Reed was conducting really took a lot out of me. And to the FF I
just told them the truth, SHIELD had another mission for Spider-man.
David was the one who had picked me up on a private SHIELD jet, which he landed on a
skyscraper in Queens. I got in and sat in the back as the plane took off flying into
international waters.
I sat there fully armoured up, I couldn't make any major changes to the costume, so I just
stuck with the basics. I looked at my helmet and a question popped into my head.
"David, does everyone know my secret identity?" I asked.
"What?" the agent asked.
"Does everyone in SHIELD know who I really am?"
"No, only a few select members are privy to that information. Agent Romanoff, Director
Fury and me."
"What about the other Avengers?"
"No, your identity has not been revealed in any of their briefing, as far as they know, you're
just an extremely valuable asset."
"Good," I put on my helmet and snapped it in place, I then activated the voice modifier in the
helmet distorting my voice several octaves deeper, "because I'm really not looking forward to
hearing them make an issue out of my age."
"Voice modulator?" he asked.
"Don't want people taking guesses now do we?"
"Yeah, that's the idea," he replied.

I got up and walked to the cockpit, I looked outside and saw the helicarrier approaching off in
the distance I whistled, "damn, that's big. David….do you think I'm ready?"
"No," I rolled my eyes, "but I don't think anyone's ready for this."
I nodded, "then let's hope we end up getting Fury giant battery back."
We landed on the carrier and I quickly stepped out. I looked around, it was exactly like the
movies showed it, people working hard like any other military base. I looked around and
spotted one man looking out of place, grey suit, purple undershirt.
"Hello Dr. Banner," I called out as I waked out to meet him.
He looked up and blinked, "ah, do I know?"
"Spider-man, big fan," I held out my hand.
Bruce looked at it before slowly shaking it, "really? A fan?"
I nodded, "I followed your research into creating the super soldier formula using gamma
waves. It really caught my eye."
"And why is that?"
"My powers are derived the same way as yours, radioactive spider bite, gave my increased
agility and strength proportional to a spider. Also allows me to climb on walls. Plus...you
know, we have meet before."
"We have? I'm sorry but I don't think so."
"Well, not you, the other you, the big one. In Harlem."
"Oh, I-I'm sorry-"
"-What for? You were just trying to stop the other guy, Abomination. Heck, it's because of
you I decided to become a super-hero in the first place."
"You did?" Bruce looked surprised.
"Yeah, I figured if I didn't help you stop that thing, more people would get hurt. And well,
things just kind of went uphill from there."
"Is this the Spider-man?" a heard a man ask.
"Yes, he is," a familiar voice replied.
I turned around and saw Nat and Cap walking up to Bruce and me. I grinned, "Nat!" I cried
out and jumped, wrapping her up in a big hug, "I missed you!"
"Spider, I see you're still….active," she suppressed a groan but I could see her smile peeking
around the corner.

"Hey yeah I am! And what were you thinking leaving me alone with Agent Douche?! He's so
boring!"
"I'm sorry?" Cap asked looking very confused.
"I used to be his handler," Widow explained, "I had to leave though, I gave him suitable
replace."
"No you didn't! You gave me a hack! I boring all stick in the mud!" I turned to Cap, "oh heya
Captain, nice to see you!"
"You too Spider-man," he said stiffly giving me a firm handshake. Damn, even his arms are
covered in muscles. Steve then noticed Bruce, "Dr. Banner."
They shaked hands, "they told me you would be coming here. Didn't believe them."
Steve smiled, "they told me you can find the cube."
"Is that only word on me?"
"Only one I care about."
"Oh look at you two, getting along like fire and wood," I sniffed, "this is the start of a
beautiful friendship!"
"Gentlemen, you might want to step inside, it's going to get a little hard to breath," Nat told
us.
We looked around and saw the carrier start to rumble, people coming out with air masks on
and pinning the plants to the tarmac.
"Is this a submarine?" Cap asked.
"Really? They want me in a pressurized metal container?" Bruce smirked.
"Wrong direction guys," I grinned as the two men walked towards the egd ad witnessed the
helicarrier engines come alive as slowly the turbines started to churn the ocean, lifting it
upwards, sending gales of wind at them.
"Oh no this is much worse," Bruce commented.
We walked inside, Nat guiding the way. I looked around so many people walked by, it was
hard to imagine each was a trained killing machine. We slowly entered the main chamber and
saw the people working tirelessly at terminals with Fury standing on the deck behind the
command terminal.
"We're ready sir," a woman called out from down in the terminals trenches.
"Good, let's vanish," Fury nodded. I saw a computer showing the ship's system, slowly it
began to reflect the sky above it, camouflaging the whole ship.

Steve walked up to Fury and took out ten dollars handing it to him. Fury grinned, he walked
to Bruce, "Dr. Banner, thank you for coming."
"Thank you for asking nicely," Bruce replied, "so ah, how long am I staying?"
"Once we get the Tesseract back, you're in the clear."
"And where are you with that?"
Fury pointed at an agent, I immediately recognized him as Phil Colson. "We're seeping every
wirelessly accessible camera on the planet. If it's connected to a satellite, it's eyes and ears for
us."
"We still won't find them in time," Nat spoke looking at a screen with Clint's face on it.
"You need to narrow your field, how many spectrometers do you have?" Bruce asked as he
and Fury quickly began to seep into the details of what needed to be done.
I must have watched the Avenger movie a hundred times now, I knew every dialog and every
plot line in it. And I also knew how I could change it. This was too big of an event though, I
couldn't afford to change too much, the world needs the Avengers, meaning the Chitauri have
to invade and we have to stop it. Sigh, I fucking hate not doing anything.
Nat walked out with Bruce to show him his lab leaving me and Steve with Fury. Fury turned
to me, "you ready for this?"
I nodded, "yup. Anything you can tell me about Loki?"
"Wasn't it in the file?" Fury asked.
"It was, yes, but I want to know what you think. You meet him, briefly. What type of man
was he?"
Fury thought for a moment before replying, "arrogant as hell."
I chuckled, "aren't they always?"
SHIELD managed to eventually track him down to somewhere in Germany, I knew what was
coming. Capt, Nat and I got into a sonic jet and took at full speed, we would be there in ten
minutes.
I looked at captain, he wore that stupid looking plain blue suit, the only thing in the Avengers
movie I hated.
"Hey Captain, I don't want to be a buzz kill but….are you seriously going to wear that?"
Steve blinked and looked down, "yes, I told Colson it was a bit old fashioned but...he
insisted."

"Seriously Nat? You let them get away with making him look like an American flag?" I
scoffed.
"I think he looks good," Nat gave a small smirk.
"You really don't like it?" Steve asked surprised.
I shrugged, "it's just...a little plain to me? Like if we added in some details, may ever make it
more streamlined...have you thought about using electromagnets to use your shield? Would
be really easy to bring your shield back when you throw it."
Steve blinked, I sighed, "sorry, I forgot you weren't that tech savy. P.S. when you get the time,
you should totally watch this movie call Star Wars, it will blow your freaking mind man."
Steve looked both amused and lost, while Nat just smiled. We reached German air space
quickly and drew up on the museum Loki was last seen entering. We looked down and saw
him standing like a ruler over a crowd of people.
"Let's go!" Captain America yelled out as he opened the shits hangar door and jumped out.
"Bring up the rear Natasha!" I yelled as I jumped out, following the Captain.
Steve landed in front of Loki's energy blast, reflecting the blast back into Loki. I landed on a
lamp post and watched as Steve stood up protectively, Loki slowly getting back on his feet. I
took out my phone and began recording this, this shit was going to be fucking history!
"You know, the last time I was in Germany and saw a man standing above everybody else,
we ended up disagreeing," Steve smiled.
"The soldier, the man out of time," Loki chuckled.
"I'm not the man out of time," Steve motioned over his shoulder.
Nat brought the plane back around and leveled it's machine guns at Loki, "Loki, drop the
weapon and stand down."
Loki rolled his eyes and trusted the spear forward, sending a blast of energy that Natasha
quickly dodged. Cap then charged forward, throwing his shield at Loki. I stuck my phone to
the lamp post and kept recording, time to earn my living!
Loki struck Cap, who blocked the strike easily. Just then the Asgardian swiped his spear
upwards sending Steve flying back.
"Yo ho!" I cried out. Loki turned to me and his eyes went wide as I went feet first into his gut,
bouncing off his body and land away.
Loki tried to get back on his feet but a few quickly shots of my strongest webbing kept him
pinned down to the floor.
He growled, "what are you?!"

I shrugged, "haven't you heard? I'm Spider-man," and just then my spidey senses went off
like an alarm. I ducked to the side just as Loki's spear somehow was thrust right where I was
standing.
I turned around to find Loki behind me, looking surprised. I leaped into combat, dodging his
spear, landing a punch across his face.
Loki was pushed back, slowly rubbing his bruised face, "I'll admit, you are one of the most
agile warriors I have ever faced."
Steve walked up next to me, "here that Spider? I think he likes you."
"Awe shucks, sorry horns, but I'm more into women," I shoot out two web grenade cartridges
at him.
"Enough of this!" Loki cried out blasting my webbing into bust. He sent a blast at me and
Cap, we leaped to the side, easily avoiding it. Steve got up and charged forward, knocking
Loki's staff back with his shield before kicking Loki in the gut.
The Asgardian growled and charged forward, thrusting with his spear, only for Cap to block
it. I jumped over Cap and leveled my palms at Loki's face, the repulsors glowing with energy.
"Bite me bitch!" I cried out sending out twin bursts of energy that sent Loki flying back, his
staff falling out of his hand.
Steve and I walked up to him and watched as he slowly got back on his feet, his helmet
broken apart, his clothes torn. He growled at me, "Spider-man."
"That's my name, don't wear it out," I leveled my repulsors at him again. And suddenly my
spider sense went off again.
"Look out Cap!" I yelled tackling him to the ground just as two daggers flew out of Loki's
hand to where our heads were a moment ago.
"Tch!" Loki cursed as he quickly grabbed his staff and pointed it at us.
"Get back," Cap cried out putting his shield before us bother just as Loki fired off a beam of
energy.
We got sent flying back. Loki looked like he was going to get away, Cap and I got on our feet
and were about to chase him when suddenly AC/DC's 'Shoot to Thrill' began playing. I
smiled, about damn time.
Iron Man came flying out of the sky, he sent out two repulsor blasts that sent Loki on his ass
before he landed before him and every single weapon he had activated and took aim at Loki,
"your move reindeer games."
Loki looked at him and then to us. I sighed, slowly putting his hands up, dropping his staff.
His golden armour and cloak disappeared.

"Mr. Stark," Captain nodded.
Iron Man looked over his shoulder and nodded, "captain."
I quickly applied concert webbing on his hands and grabbed the staff, "damn, this thing is
epic! It's like a magic wand. You're a wizard Loki!"
Iron Man and Cap looked at each other. "This is the guy who took down Magneto?" Tony
asked sarcastically.
Captain America shrugged, "that's what his file said."
"Okay, first of all, I'm right here, and second off all, you both are mean," I huffed.
We put Loki on board the jet and quickly took off back to HQ. Nat told Fury we were coming
in, the director was seemingly impressed we took him down easily, but also very, very
cautious.
While inside the jet Tony took off his helmet and turned to me. He turned to me and then
narrowed his eyes, seemingly scanning me all the way from my helmet to my arc reactor.
And then his eyes went wide.
"Is that my tech?" Tony asked in mild horror.
I looked down, "a version of it."
"You have my tech? Agent Romanoff when did SHIELD begin stealing the most advanced
pieces of technology?" Tony turned to Natasha.
"We didn't steal a thing Stark," Nat smiled as she made eye contact with Tony, "he made it."
Tony's eyes blinked in utter confusion, "I'm sorry?"
"He made it," she replied, "Spider, how long did it take for you to figure out his tech?"
I shrugged, "two months or so. Repulsors around half the time," I opened my palms showing
off the tech.
Stark looked down and then gasped, "two months? People have been trying to figure out my
tech for years, the brightest minds on the planet, and you did it in two months?"
I shrugged, "I had a working model to dismantle and learn from. Wasn't that hard."
"Oh really? And where exactly did you get it?"
"The Stark expo," I replied sitting down on the jet's seats, "when the Hammer drones were
busy attacking my friends I took a few of them down and stripped them of anything useful."
"You built that off of Hammer tech? How hasn't it exploded yet?"

I rolled my eyes, though Tony couldn't see it. "I made some improvements. It won't explode
if that's what you think will happen. The Palladium should last three times longer, won't need
a replacement for some time now."
"How did you-" Tony stopped as suddenly thunder rumbled outside.
Cap noticed Loki covering in fear, "what's the matter? Afraid of a little lightning?"
"No, but I'm not fond of what comes next," Loki replied as suddenly there was a thud on the
jet roof.
"Tony, helmet," I told him as I powered up my repulsors, I knew what was coming, but I had
to be seen doing something.
Tony opened the jet door. "What are you doing?!" Steve cried out.
But just then a tall blond man with grey and silver armor stepped in with a giant hammer in
one hand and a blood red cloak tied around his neck.
"Hey blondie, love the cape," I sent out two repulsor beams sending him flying right back
outside. I blinked, hun, I totally expected him to dodge that. I turned to Tony and Steve, "that
was easy."
"ARGH!" Thor came flying back in. My spider sense went' full on crazy but I couldn't dodge
it. He punched me in the gut so hard I went flying into the cockpit cracking the windshield. I
think a rib was broke, maybe bruised.
"Spider!" Nat cried out as she quickly pulled me down from the window.
"Spider!" Iron man cried out. I saw through narrowed eyes filled with pain Thor releasing
Loki and flying out.
"Are you okay son?" Steve asked as he quickly came up and helped me get off the jet's
control panel.
"I-I'm fine," I coughed out, "it's just a scratch."
"That bastard!" Iron man roared a he took off.
"Stark! Wait!" Steve growled before turning to Natasha, "can you take care of him?"
Nat nodded, "yes, but you don't want to take these guys on Cap. They come from legends
Cap. They're basically Gods."
"There's only one God ma'am," Steve put on a parachute, "and I'm pretty sure he doesn't dress
like that." He jumped out of the plane.
"Damn, they get to have all the fun," I groaned out, slowly getting back on my feet. Before
suddenly feeling woozy. My head started spin, "Nat, I think Thor hit a little harder than I
thought."

"Spider? Spider?!"
I fell forwards and fell unconscious, Nat crying out my name was the last thing I heard.
Some time later:
I woke up in a hospital bed with my helmet removed and my costume opened up to reveal a
bandaged chest.
I groaned and got up, how long was I out.
"Careful Peter," I heard someone call out. I looked and saw a beaten and bruised Natasha
sitting between my bed and another's this one with an unconscious Hawkeye. I blinked, oh
no, I slept through so much!
"What happened," I asked immediately.
Nat sighed and explained.
The plot went by the same way, with a few minor differences. Tony was pissed Thor had
knocked me out cold, while the asgardian did apologize, Tony really wasn't hearing it. Then
everything basically went by the same way. Loki escaped, SHIELD was dead in the air, and
the Avengers were broken.
I sighed, I hoped I could have prevented some of this from happening, I wished...I wished I
could have changed it. But now...the Avengers were needed, they had to be born.
I got off the bed and pulled off all the wires and cords on me. Nat looked up, "you need to
rest."
"Loki's out there ready to unleash an army," I put on my suit, my glowing black spider webs
coming alive, "I don't intend to sit around doing nothing."
"You were attacked by a God, you can rest Peter, let-"
"-Don't you dare fucking finish that sentence," I growled, "I'm not some child to be swaddled
Natasha, I may not be a trained killer like you, but I ain't a coward." I put on my mask and
walked out.
"Where are you going?" she asked.
I looked over my shoulder, "right now there are two very broken men that could potentially
save the world. I'm going to kick their asses. Make sure your buddy's alright."
I walked away towards the place where I knew Tony and Steve would be. The Hulk's giant
prison, that Loki had tricked Thor into. It was empty now. I walked in and saw Tony and
Steve looking somber.
"Well isn't this just the saddest gathering of old men," I quipped.

They both immediately turned to me and stared in surprise.
"Spider! You're awake!" Steve smiled, "how are you feeling?"
I patted myself, "a bit bruised. Thor really packs a punch."
"He's sorry about that," Steve tried to apologize.
"Sorry's not going to cut it," Tony growled.
I turned, there was blood on the walls. I looked at, "is that where he died?"
Tony couldn't bring himself to look, he just nodded. Steve sighed, "was he married?"
"No….there was ah, a... cialist I think," Tony spoke.
"I'm sorry….he seemed like a good man," Steve replied.
"He was an idiot."
"Why? For believing?"
"For taking on Loki alone."
"He was doing his job."
"He was out of his league," Tony looked down at the cell hanger and glared, "he should have
waited."
"Sometimes there isn't a way out Tony."
"Right, forgot that point."
"Is this the first time you lost a soldier?"
"We are not soldiers!"
"Yes, we are," I called out. They turned to look at me. I looked at them, "but we aren't Fury's
soldiers. No, we fall under a different banner," I knew what had to be done. Tony was too
angry, not like in the movie. He needed to be talked to, to let him understand.
I clicked my helmet open and took it off, revealing my face for the first time to them.
"Y-you're just a kid," Tony looked horrified.
"You shouldn't be here," Steve argued.
"You were told the same thing before you got the serum," I looked at Steve, "but what did
you? You kept trying, again and again."
"That was different, it was war and-"

"-And you're telling me that's not what Loki's bringing into our world right now?" I shot him
off.
"You shouldn't be fighting," Tony argued, "you shouldn't even be here."
I was silent, I looked at them both, they were worried I was going to die once again. I sighed,
"the first time I got my powers I didn't want to fight crime. Hell I wanted nothing to do with
them. But….then a friend told me something, that if hero's don't rise, the bad guys won't stop
coming. That week I was in Harlem when the Hulk tore through it hurting so many people.
So many just...crying out...the pain….I couldn't let them get hurt. Not when I could stop it.
"Right then and there I made a choice, regardless of what happens to me, if I could help
people, I would. My dad had a saying, my uncle loves repeating it to me, with great power,
comes great responsibility. They each have a different interpretation to those words, but I
have my own. For me, it means that if I have the power to stop something from happening,
but I don't, then the bad things happen because of me."
I glared at Tony and Steve, "Loki has to be stopped. No matter the cost, my life is nothing
when compared to the hundreds that would die if we don't stop him. It doesn't matter how old
am I, all that matters is that I do everything I can to stop him."
Tony and Steve met my eyes before finally Tony broke the silence, "that was by far the best
rallying speech I have ever heard. Like not Independence day level, but definitely better than
Braveheart."
Steve smirked, "I didn't understand that reference, but I assume it's good."
Tony nodded, "oh yes."
"So...you two old men in or out?"
Steve nodded, "in."
Tony looked down at Coulson's blood, "he's made it personal."
"That's not the point," Steve argued.
"No, I think it is," I spoke up, "he wanted to get captured to break us all up from the inside."
"So divide and concur?" Steve asked.
"Yes, but...he knows he has to take us out in order to win right?" Tony's eyes widened in
realization, "that's what he wants. He wants to beat us, he want's to be seen doing it."
"He loves a good show," I told them, "Fury described him as arrogant and a self absorbed
drama queen."
"He want's an audience," Tony concluded.
"We caught his act in Germany," Cap nodded.

"No, no, that's just the preview. This is opening night, and Loki's a full tale drama queen, he
wants flowers, he wants parades, he wants monuments built to the sky with his name
plastered-"
Steve's eyes went wide, "son of a bitch."
"We need to move," I put on my mask activating the voice changer.
"I'll take the suit and be the faster," Tony ran quickly.
"Don't take him on by yourself," Steve argued.
"No, if Loki hasn't set the teleporter yet there might still be time for us to stop him," I said in
failing hope, "think your suit can take you all the way home Tony?"
"You bet it can," Tony split off leaving Cap and me alone.
"We need to get Nat and Hawkeye," I told Steve.
"Can he be trusted?"
"Let's find out," I brought him to the infirmary.
In minutes we were out the helicarrier in a jet piloted by Nat with Clint as her second. As we
raced to Manhattan I realized something, the people, they were going to get hurt, so many of
them. Maybe I could do something to stop that.
I took out my SHIELD issue phone and opened my Spider-man Twitter account;
Twitter: Not a drill, Manhattan going to be hit by crazy super villain at Stark Tower.
Everyone get out now!
I sent the message again and again until finally people began to take notice.
"What are you doing?" Nat asked.
"I just told all my followers to get out of the city. It Loki's army is coming they'll be the ones
getting hurt."
"Smart move," Steve nodded.
"Yeah, unfortunately people think I'm joking," I grumbled.
Damn, TheAmazingSpider is such a troll!
Leave Manhattan? In the middle of the day? Man do you even live here?
What the hell is so bad that you think we should all leave?
Damn morons! I growled, I slowly turned to Cap….wait a minute.

"Hey Cap, think you can do me a favor?" I smiled bringing the camera up putting it on video
mode, "tell them all to get out of the city immediately, that people could actually die if they
don't."
Steve looked confused but slowly nodded. I made a video of him warning the people to run
away and to get out of the city immediately that this was not a joke. I posted it online, and
people went nuts.
Dude! That's Captain America!
WE ALL NEED TO GET GONE!
Why? What's happening?
I replied to as many messages as I could. Steve looked over my shoulder nodding in approval
at the way I told them just enough so that they wouldn't panic, but getting the urgency
through.
But we wouldn't be enough, I knew that. I dialed Johnny's number, he picked up after two
rings, "hey Peter, what's up?"
"Johnny, where are you and the others?"
"Don't you remember? We're in Germany, that big science fest Reed's getting. Why? Whats
wrong?"
"Manhattan is getting hit by an alien attack. Big large army, you guys need to be here, now!
It's like a level 1 emergency!"
"What?! Aliens?!" I heard chatter on the other side. Suddenly Sue's voice came on, "Peter?
What's going on? What's this about aliens?"
"There's this guy, Loki, he has this device that can open a scape bridge and bring forth an
army of alien monsters! I'm doing what I can to stop them, but I need your help! How soon
can you all get here?"
"We're in Germany right now Peter!" Sue panicked, "it would take us 11 hours to reach here!"
"Can Johnny fly here?" I cursed.
"No, he's not that fast, don't even think about it Johnny!" she yelled out, I heard Johnny argue
back but Sue yelled once again shutting him up. She spoke, "I'm sorry Peter. We'll try to be
there as soon as we can."
"Fine, just get here Sue, I have a bad feeling about this," I sighed, hanging up.
When I did all I could I walked into the corner of the jet and dialed in Felicia's number.
"What's he doing?" Clint asked.

Nat smiled, "probably calling his girlfriend."
I glared at Nat just as the phone picked up, "hello? Tiger?"
"Kitten, listen, you need to stay out of Manhattan, do you understand?"
"I saw your post online, what's going on Tiger?"
"It's crazy Felicia, fucking crazy. I promise I'll tell you everything when I get back, but for
now, please just make sure everyone is safe."
"Peter...Liz! She's in Manhattan right now!"
"What?! Why?!"
"H-her summer job!"
"Felicia call her right now and tell her to get out. Don't even think about going in to get her,
do you understand?"
"Yes, I'll see you soon," she hanged up. I cursed, I knew she wouldn't listen to me, choosing
instead to put on her suit and probably try something stupid. I fucking love that woman to
bits, but sometimes she really gets on my nerves.
We reached Manhattan quickly, my tweets had gone viral, people were passing it around like
hot cakes. Lots of people living or working around Stark tower were leaving, a lot stayed
behind thinking it was a joke, but I suppose I'll take what I can get.
As we flew into the city airspace though a giant blue beam of light shot up into the sky
opening up a portal. Out of the portal came thousands of flying crafts, shooting lasers at one
small flying red dot, I'm assuming that was Stark.
I sighed, this was war.

Chapter End Notes

Okay, I know it was kind of a simple chapter, basically followed the Avengers story line
closely, though I did make a few changes. Double update today because I messed up and
gave Avengers II ahead of date.

Chapter 20: Avengers II
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Chapter 20: End of Phase One
"What did you stop for drive through?!" Tony cried out, "swing up Park I'm going to lay them
out for you!"
Nat flew straight into the city buildings towards Stark tower. Just then Tony flew by with
several Chitauri chasing him. Nat fired off the machine gun in the jet, pinning the aliens
down allowing Stark to get free.
We slowly ascended the Stark tower, going upwards. We found Loki on the penthouse floor
with Thor, fighting one on one.
"Nat!" Clint pointed down.
"I see him," Nat replied moving the jet towards Loki and firing at him.
The god of mischief leveled his staff at us and fired. "Hold on!" I cried out as the jet got hit
with a plasma bolt and began to come crashing down.
We came down quickly, Cap was holding on to the side, but kept getting battered away, I
grabbed him and stuck myself to the wall as we slowly came crashing down.
We crashing into an empty concrete plain. The landing was rough, but luckily we didn't die.
We all quickly got out and looked up at the sky. More and more of the Chitauri came flying
out.
"We got to get back up there!" Cap called out.
"I can swing us up, I think," I called out as we ran onto the highway just below Stark tower.
But before Cap and the others could respond a roar came crying out of the giant blue portal.
Slowly a massive figure came out of the darkness on the other side, a giant flying snake
monster covered with metal plates and Chitauri soldiers.
"Oh fuck me," I gasped looking at the thing. I never realised how big that thing was, I
remember seeing it in the movies but this...this was impossible!
The creature flew over us, the monster deposited on it's sides launched out and landed on
building walls. The thing was a tank and a transport vehicle all in one. The Chitauri soldiers
landed inside office buildings, I saw flashes of blue energy and people crying out.
"Stark, are you seeing this?" Cap asked.

"Seeing, still working on the believing," Tony replied, "where's Banner? Has he shown up
yet?"
"Banner?" Cap replied.
"Just keep me posted," was Tony's short reply.
"They're being slaughtered!" I cried out, pointing at the buildings.
"Go! Help them!" Cap cried out, "we'll keep them down here!"
I nodded and jumped to the nearest building. I climbed to the floor with the most people
crying out and jumped in through a broken window.
I saw so many people's bodies, burning holes going through them. I felt anger pulsed through
me. I was angry, so angry.
SWIT!
Four large spider arms popped out of my back, their bladed edges shimmering in the light. It
was time I stopped holding back.
"ARGH!" I yelled charging into the building. I ran down a corridor and saw several Chitauri
pinning down people. They turned around to see me, but it was too late.
Three of them died due to a metal limb sticking out of their's heads. I fired a repulsor blast at
the rest, launching them over the crowd of people and into a emergy door.
The people looked at me, "get downstairs, stay off the street. If they come for you hide. Got
that?!"
They nodded as they quickly went down the emergency stairs. I turned and ran around, there
were more buildings that needed to be searched.
I ran to the windows and jumped out, jumping across the street into the opposite building.
Inside I found more Chitauri soldiers, I eliminated them just as quickly.
I ran out of the building ready to jump to the next when I saw a couple of those flying units
coming down the street. I smiled, time to be a pain in the butt. I shot out two concret web
lines onto the other building and stretched them to the limits.
I waited as as the cruisers flew by, two of them got clotheslined and flipped over, crashing
into the ground. The others stopped before hitting the webs and turned to me. I jumped out
and landed on the first one.
They aimed their lance weapons at me but I sent out a repulsor blast that threw them both off
the cruiser. I then back flipped and landed on another one and piercing into their chests with
my spider arms.

They fired at me, but ended up destroying their own cruisers as I jumped from flyer to flyer,
killing each on, my red arms soaking with their blood.
I killed the last one and jumped away from the falling cruiser landing on a building. Even
here the Chitauri were there, as they climbed the walls with their sharp claws. I jumped off
and landed on on, punching him off before running across the building side, knocking them
off one by one.
I was at the edge of the building and looked around, a small platoon were coming for me. I
shot a web line upwards and kicked off, swinging down. The Chitauri leveled their weapons
at me and I aimed a repulsor at them, taking them all out as I swung over their ranks.
I looked down to see Nat and Clint fight off hordes of them. I swung down and landed on top
of a soldier, rolling forward and throwing it into a pole before webbing him up tight.
I saw several come at me, I leaped into the fight, kicking two in the head so hard I heard
something snap. They fell down, dead. I punched one in the gut before swinging him in front
of me to use as a shield.
They fired their blue blasters at me killing my shield. I threw him aside and sent out a
unibeam so powerful it destroyed the remaining five Chitauri in seconds.
My spidey senses tingled, I jumped up just as a Chitauri soldier fired at my head. I landed on
the ground and was about to blast him with a repulsor blast when an arrow pierced it's skull,
killing it.
I looked back and saw Clint nodding at me. "I had it," I replied.
"A thank you would be nice," he smiled. Just then a Chitauri landed behind him as jumped
forward. I raised a hand, Clint flinched as I fired a beam at the Chitauri sending it flying
back. He turned at me and gawked.
"Thanks," I replied.
A new squad of Chitauri arrived on the scene, Nat fired blue energy bolts at them from the
weapon she 'acquired', Clint fired arrows and I hit each one with a repulsor blast.
I then engaged another one, breaking it's arm in half before placing my palm on it's head and
sending a bolt of bio-electricity into him, freeing him from the inside out. I panted as I let
him drop, that took a lot out of me, they weren't easy to fry, maybe I should avoid doing that
from now on.
Just then Cap leaped into the fray and dashed a few skulls, throwing his shield at one's head
just as it was about to fire a plasma bolt at me.
The remaining ground forces were converging on us when suddenly lightning struck them
dead. Thor landed before us, holding his side in pain. He was bleeding.
"What's the story upstairs?" Cap asked.

"The power surrounding the cube is impenetrable," Thor replied, he looked at me and
immediately looked guilty, "I am sorry Spider, I didn't mean to hit that hard."
I shrugged, "not the time goldylocks, we'll discuss this later."
"How do we do this?" Nat asked.
"As a team," Cap replied.
"I have unfinished business with Loki," Thor grumbled.
"Yeah? Well get in line," Client glared as he adjusted his quiver.
"Save it, Loki's going to keep this light focused on us, that's what we need. Without him these
things could run wild. We got Stark on top-"
The rumbling of a motor bike stopped Cap. We all turned to see Bruce riding up to us on an
old scooter wearing baggy clothes. He stopped the bike and walked to us.
"So...this all seems horrible," he smiled.
"I've seen worse," Nat replied.
Bruce looked saddened, "I'm sorry."
"No," she smiled, "we could use a little worse."
"Stark, he's here, just like you said," Cap spoke into his communicator.
"Branner? Good, tell him to suit up, I'm bringing the party to you," Stark they appeared down
the road as he took a sharp turn towards us. And following right behind him was that giant
snake monster from before.
"I-I don't see how that's a party," Nat replied.
"Well, that's a piñata, and Bruce here is going to hit it really, really hard," I replied.
"Dr. Banner, now might be a good time for you to get angry," Steve told the man.
"That's my secret captain," Bruce smiled walking towards the monster just as Tony flew over
us. The snake thing slithered on the road, jaws open ready to swallow us. "I'm always angry,"
he turned, slowly growing in size as he threw a punch just as the monster reached him.
The Hulk's punch was so powerful it stopped the monster dead in it's tracks, sending him
flying upwards, pieces of his arm snapping right off.
"Get down!" Tony cried as he fired a missile at the exposed monster's flesh. Blasting the
monster into tiny bites.
It landed to the corner as we slowly circled each other facing outwards. The Hulk roared,
Tony landed right next to us as we looked at the monsters around us. I smiled, I could almost

hear the Avenger's theme song playing.
"ARGH!" the monster yelled at us.
"Yeah?! Well come and get some!" I yelled back.
Suddenly the portal started to shit again, three more of those giant snake monsters came
flying out. We turned and I slowly felt hope waning, but I couldn't let this end, not now, not
ever.
"Call it Cap," Tony told him.
"Alright listen us, until we can close that portal, our priority's containment," he looked at a
nearby building, "Barrton, I want you on that roof, call out patterns and strays. Stark, you got
the perimeter, you turn it back or you turn it to ash."
"Give me a lift?" Clint asked.
"Right, better clench up Legolas," Stark picked Clint up as the flew into the air.
"Thor," he turned to the God, "we got to bottleneck that portal. You got the lightning, light
the bastards up." Thor took of, flying without another word. Cap then turned to Nat and me,
"Nat, you and me, we stay on the ground, keep the fighting here. Spider, can you web up
those fliers? Take them down like you did before?"
I nodded, "not a problem."
"And Hulk," Cap turned to the green monster, "smash." Hulk smiled as he jumped up, into a
building, destroying the Chitauri soldiers stupid enough to fire at him.
I leaped into action, using my repulsors to give me a boost, before I swung away. I looked
around, I knew this city like the back of my hand, meaning I also knew just how I could lay
down traps for these sons of bitches.
I landed on a building side and adjusted my web gauntlets' settings, allowing it to shoot out
large quantities of webbing at once. I built this setting just for this situation, it's a good thing
I'll get to use it.
I fire the webbing out, creating a giant web over the street. Just then a squad of flyers came
crashing in, getting tangled up in my web like a fly. I grinned, this is so going to fun.
I swung from building to building, creating my large web trap across the streets. I managed to
catch so many flyers in them, letting the suffer in their new sticky prison.
I looked up and saw Tony nearly fly into one of them. "Watch it!" I cried out.
"Sorry kid! Didn't see it," Tony flew over them, "there's a squad down on 6th, think you can
handle it?"
I grinned, "I know I can."

I quickly swung my way down to 6th, landing just in time to see the Chitauri soldiers coner
some civilians. I was about to fight them off when suddenly a figure dressed in black leaped
in and began to attack them.
I recognized her immediately, "Cat?!" I jumped down and landed on a soldier, smashing his
head into the ground. I then pierced three Chitauri surrounding me with my arms, using the
remaining one to fire a web line and pull an alien solider that was about to cleave my
girlfriend in half.
"I told you to stay away!" I called out punching a Chitauri across the head leaping to her side
just in time to push her away from a plasma bolt.
"And you knew I wouldn't," she replied with a smile as she fired the grapple gun I made her,
catching a Chitauri with its spiked tip, pulling him down to the ground before fireing a bullet
into his skull.
"Woha! Where did you get a gun?!" I asked firing a repulsor blast at the aliens.
"Mom's a criminal lawyer, where do you think?" she fired three more rounds, killing more of
the alien soldiers.
"That is totally not safe Cat," I pierced an alien throw the head, throwing it's corpse at a
charging aline before firing a repulsor blast at it.
"Says the guy with nuclear weapons on the palm of his hands," she smirked.
"I love you," I smiled throwing the last Chitauri threw the air when Felicia shot him. I turned
to the gathered humans, fifty, maybe more. I turned to her, "you need to get them to safety."
"I'm not leaving you to fight this alone Spider," she hissed.
"Cat, I'll be fine," I put my arms on her shoulders rubbing them, "but these people need your
help now. Get them underground and out of the city."
"You're just trying to get me out of the fight," she growled.
"You're damn right I am," I hissed, "you can't fight these things, not yet. I promise you I'll
help you get better, enough that I won't have to worry about you. But right now Kitten, I need
you to be safe. Please, for me."
She didn't like the fact I basically called her weak, but she knew I was right. She pressed a
button on the side of my helmet allowing the mouthpiece to slide up, a new addition I made
so that I could eat without removing the whole helmet.
She pressed her lips against mine, wrapped her arms around me. I moaned into the kiss,
wrapping her hands around. I heard the clicking of cameras go off, but I didn't care. She drew
back and I looked into her eyes.
"You better come back to me alive Spider, or else I'm telling everyone about that night with
you me and Jean."

I smiled, "I love you too Kitten, stay safe."
Cat nodded as she quickly took the people underground, hopefully she could keep them all
safe. I turned back and slide my mask down, time to get back to work.
I leaped up into air and fired off a web line, swinging away. Just then I saw a flyer pass by, I
was about to shoot it down when I noticed a redhead flying it.
"Nat?! Was that you?!"
"Not now Spider!" she yelled back.
I blinked, huh, a russian flying an alien spacecraft, don't see that every day.
I found another squad of aliens about to attack a street full of civilians, cops fired at them but
only a few survived.
"ARGH!" the monsters yelled as they opened fire. I shot a web grenade down and covered
the alien's, the plasma bolts signed the webs, but nothing else, trapping them inside it.
I landed in front of them and turned around. I squatted down in front of a police cruiser and
grunted as I picked it up, raising it over my head. I looked at the astonished cops, "I'll
borrowing this for a sec," I turned around to the ball of aliens slowly ripping free and
smashed the car down, crushing them like bugs.
I went off again, searching for more trouble. I stuck to the edges of the perimeter the police
and army set up. Forcing the Chitauri back long enough for civilians to be evacuated. I
moved slowly inwards, finding Cap bruised and his costume burnt.
"Cap!" I landed next to him, "are you alright?!"
"I'm fine, just a bit bruised," he grinned.
"I can see that," I looked him over, just then we saw a squad of those alien's coming for us.
The military were still pulling out the civilians, we needed to stop them, "think you can keep
up old man?"
"Old? Please, I prefer the word experienced," he smiled as we charged forward into the fray.
They landed before us firing off their guns. Cap jumped in front and protected me. Once the
firing stopped I leaped over him and fired off several repulsor beams smashing their ranks.
Steve threw his shield knocking several out, I webbed the flying disc and spun it around,
cleaving the army again and again like a spinning cycle of doom before I threw it at Cap who
easily caught it.
Suddenly a Chitauri popped up and fired a plasma bolt at me. I couldn't move away quick
enough as it hit me right in the gut sending me flying back.

"Spider!" Cap cried out as he protected me from further attacks as I slowly got back on my
feet. My stomach was paining, the blast burnt a hole right through showing off my skin
underneath. Luckily it didn't look too bad.
Just then lightning came flying down and fried the rest of the assholes, Thor landed next to
us, "they are growing bolder."
"Are you alright?" Cap asked me.
"I'll be fine. We can't hold them off forever," I sighed looking around.
"Can anyone here me? I can close the portal," Nat's sudden voice was a welcome relief.
"Do it!" Steve cried out.
"No, wait!" Tony cried out through our communicators.
"Stark these things aren't stopping," Steve called out.
"I have a nuke coming right at the city, it's going to blow in less than a minute. And I know
just where to put it."
I shared a look with Cap and Thor. "Strak...you know that's a one way trip?" Steve's voice
had respect in it's tone.
"Save the rest for the return J," Tony cut off the feed.
We looked up and saw him fly under a missile heading straight for Stark Tower. He slowly
guided it upwards, right into the sky and through the giant portal.
Suddenly more Chitauri came down ready for a fight, I charged up my repulsors but just then
they all stopped moving and dropped to the ground like puppets with their strings cut off.
I looked up and waited, Tony wasn't coming through. I was worried, was he not going to
make it this time? Did me being here change the story that much?
"Close it," Cap sighed.
"No, wait, he might still make it," I urged him.
"Spider….I'm sorry," Steve replied, "Widow, close it."
I saw the beam of light from the top of Stark tower end as slowly the portal began to close.
But in the very last second, as the portal began to collapse on itself, a red and gold figure
came out.
"That son of a gun," Steve grinned.
"Go Tony!" I cheered. We saw him falling down with no signs to stopping. I turned to Thor,
"he's not slowing down, catch him!"

"Gladly," he spun his hammer ready to fly when suddenly the Hulk came flying across the
building and grabbed Tony. He landed on a building side, sliding down until he landed on the
ground, Tony safe in his arms.
Hulk put the armour wearing hero down as we ran up to him. Thor grabbed Tony's helmet
and tore it open revealing his still face.
"Give me some room," I told them gathering bio electricity into the palm of my hands, "I
think I can help." I shoved them into his chest blasting electricity into him like a defibrillator.
"AH!" Tony cried out, we all stepped away. He looked around, "what just happened?! Please
tell me nobody kissed me."
"Well, Steve was thinking it," I pointed to Cap who just chuckled.
"We won," Cap looked around at the destroyed city.
Tony sighed as he leaned his head back, "alright yay. Alright good job guys, les just not come
in tomorrow, let's just take a day," he turned to me, "you ever tried shawarma kid? There's
this shawarma joint about two blocks from here. I don't know what it is but I want to try it."
I shrugged, "I could eat."
"We're not finished yet," Thor looked to the tower.
I nodded, "Loki."
Tony sighed, "fine, but shawarma after."
We went to the top of the tower, to Tony's penthouse. Nat and Clint met us there. We saw
Loki crawling out of the hole Hulk pummeled him into as he slowly tried to get away.
He stopped and slowly turned around seeing up looking down at him. Clint aimed an arrow at
his head, Thor's hammer sparked with power, Tony and I leveled up repulsors at him and Nat
held his spear by her side.
Loki slowly raised his hands, "if it's all the same to you. I'll have that drink now."
I raised an eyebrow, "cocky little shit isn't he?"
"Yeah, it runs in the family," Tony turned to Thor who looked slightly offended but even
more regretful. Guess he really did feel bad about knocking me unconscious.
"I'm so tweeting this shit," I took out my phone and snapped a pic of Loki on his back,
sending it out;
Twitter: Bad guy taken down, stay safe all. #Avengers
I sent it out and quickly people responded.

Thank God!
This is the asshole who tried to kill us?!
What the fuck man!
You saved us! #Avengers #Amazing!
SHIELD arrived on scene quickly enough. They put Loki in chains and took him away. Hulk
managed to calm down back into Bruce, and Tony got him some clothes.
Together we all went back out and down two blocks to the Shawarma place. It was busted
and empty, but the owners were still inside. They looked surprised at the sight of us, I
suppose we would all make a peculiar sight.
Tony walked up and ordered us some food. We pushed all the tables together and sat around.
We ate in silence, I can't say about the rest, but I was exhausted…..oh who I kidding?! The
silence was fucking annoying!
"So ah….are we team now?" I asked, "I mean, I know I did call us the Avengers and all that,
but like...are we?"
Bruce munched on his food, "I guess."
"SHIELD can't sanction us anymore," Nat explained, "we're too public now."
I shrugged, "never been an issue when it came to me."
"You are one agent, this is a team."
"Wait, he's an agent?" Clint asked surprised.
"Where did you think I was after the Stark expo?" Nat asked raising an eyebrow.
"I don't know...Canada?" Nat rolled her eyes.
"We have to be a team," Tony spoke with eyes that were heavy with the sight he witnessed
through the portal, "we need to be ready, for the next time something like this happens."
"You really think it will?" Steve asked.
"It would be stupid to think otherwise."
"What are you going to do with Loki?" I asked Thor.
"He will face justice," Thor nodded, "rest assured he will not be getting out anytime soon."
"Good, because next time he tried to cause trouble on Earth I swear I'll throw him into a
volcano," I growled.
"And I thought I was the one with anger issue," Bruce chuckled.

I smiled, "you're right, enough of this doom and gloom shit," I took out my phone, "come on,
let's make this whole team up thing official!"
"This isn't a family outing kid," Nat said with a dull tone, but I could see the small smile in
her face.
"Why not, I need a new cover photo anyway," Tony shrugged.
"It's still amazing you can fit a camera and a phone into one tiny little thing," Steve noted.
We all gathered round with me in the center. I asked the shop owner to snap a picture of us
standing before the table. I had my arms over Nat and Tony, who stood either side of me.
Clint stood next to Nat and Thor next to him. Bruce and Steve stood besides Tony. We
smiled, or glared in Nat's case.
I uploaded the picture to all my social media platforms;
Twitter: #Avengers, here to stay.
Insta: #Avengers, here to stay.
Snapchat: #Avengers, here to stay.
I smiled, why mess with a good formula? Just as we got ready to leave Felicia landed in front
of the shop entrance and ran in.
"Kitten!" I cried out as she jumped into my arms, "I'm glad you're safe."
"Woah, who's the hot chick in the skin tight suit?" Tony asked.
"Guys, this is my girlfriend, Black Cat," I smiled, "oh and Tony, she's sixteen."
Tony blinked, "I never said anything."
"Sure you did," Steve rolled his eyes.
"Speaking of sixteen," Nat reached into a pocket and took out a pen drive, she tossed it to me,
"here, that pendrive has SHIELD's resource management team's contact details. If you need
any toys to build a new suit call them. Happy birthday Spider."
I blinked, "wait what?" I looked at my SA and blinked, "holy shit! It's my birthday!"
"You forgot didn't you," Cat rolled her eyes.
"Ah...maybe?" I chuckled.
"Happy birthday kid, sorry I didn't get you anything," Tony patted my shoulder.
"On Asgard we celebrate a young man's sixteenth birthday by having him fight a wild beast!
We then reward him with his very own weapon!" Thor smiled before blinking, "and I suppose

fighting a war does count of a suitable right of passage….hm, I'll get you a weapon from the
vaults next time I return to Midgard."
"You really don't have to-" I quickly said before he stopped me.
"None sense, a warrior like you deserves nothing less!" Thor beamed.
Cat leaned in and whispered, "who's the dream boat?"
"The God of thunder," I replied.
"Damn," she looked him over.
"Hey," I hissed shocking her a little with my bioelectricity, "eyes up front."
Cat pouted, "spoil sport."
I picked up Cat and swung away, promising to keep in touch with the others. As we swung
across the New York skyline I sighed at the sun setting in the distance as Cat clung to me.
"Is Liz safe?" I asked.
"Yes," she replied as I landed on a train heading to Queens. We sat down on top of the train
and rested as it went across the East River.
"You're hurt," she said tracing the hole in my costume.
"I'm fine, the armour took most of the damage," I smiled putting one arm around her as she
leaed on my shoulder.
"You were amazing out there today," she said, "everyone was talking about how you and
everyone there saved our lives. How your tweet and video must have saved like, a hundred
people or so."
"You're the real hero Kitten," I replied.
"Peter, be serious."
"I am," I turned to her, "I have powers and a nuclear weapon in my suit. You don't' have
either of those, but the first thing you did when you thought your friend was in danger was
run to her side in the middle of a war zone. Don't tell me that isn't what a real hero would do."
"I wasn't being a hero then Peter, I just wanted to save my friend," Felicia argued.
"I didn't see Liz in the group of people you saved." Felicia didn't reply. "Felicia, you don't
need to save everyone to be a hero, you just need to save someone, anyone. It doesn't matter
who. And what you did today….you are a hero Kitten, you're my hero."
"If we weren't already doing it I would think you're just saying that to get into my pants," she
smiled.

"Well...maybe just a little," we laughed as we made our way home. We first stopped at
Felicia's place where we changed into our civilian clothes. I always kept a spare set of clothes
in her place, for Spider-man emergencies, or in case we over did it the night before and
needed a fresh set of clothes for school.
We took a cab back to my place and I knocked on the door. May opened it in seconds,
"Peter!"
"Hey aunt May," I smiled as she opened the door and we walked in.
"Oh dear we were so worried! We heard what happened in New York and thought you had
some how gotten involved!"
I chuckled, "relax aunt May, I'm fine. Nothing is ever going to happen to me."
"And if it did, they would have to answer to me," Felicia smirked.
We walked in and found Ben waiting for us in the kitchen. He smiled, "see May, I told you he
would be fine."
"Oh hush you," May battered his arm playfully, "don't believe him Peter, he was just as
scared as I was. Why, more so even! He got it in his head that you would go out there and try
and help people in the middle of all that!"
I rubbed my head sheepishly, "yeah, I'm not that brave." Felicia rolled her eyes, clearly doing
her best not to laugh.
Just then Cat's phone began to ring she looked at it and sighed, "I'm going to take this."
I nodded, "right," she left leaving us three alone, "I'm sorry I made you worry aunt May, I
really am. I just couldn't call, the alien's must have knocked out a cell tower or something."
"It's alright Peter, we're just glad you're safe," Ben wrapped his arms around me and gave me
a hug, I winced, my wound was still sore, "are you alright?"
"F-fine, just a little tired is all," I smiled.
"Well, not too tired I hope," May smiled, she looked over my shoulder and smiled, "perfect
timeing girls!"
I blinked as I turned around and found MJ, Liz and Felicia there smiling at me. "Hey guys,
what are you doing here?"
"What? Did you really think we would forget your birthday?" MJ asked.
"Yeah, he did, he actually forgot as well," Felicia rolled her eyes.
"I can actually believe that," MJ nodded.

Liz walked and suddenly wrapped her arms around me in a hug. I was startled for a second
before she whispered, "thanks Pete I...I don't think I would be here if you didn't warn me."
I smiled and slowly hugged her back, "I'm glad you're safe Liz."
"Happy birthday to you," May began to sing as she walked in holding a giant chocolate cake
with a single candle light up, "happy birthday to you."
"Happy birthday, happy birthday," the others began as I blushed in embarrassment, "happy
birthday to you."
I blew out the candle as they clapped. I smiled as I cut off pieces and feed them to May and
then Ben. We all sat down in the dining room and began to much down on cake and the
delicious chicken pot pie May had made.
Ben was right in the middle of telling them about the time Peter climbed up a tree and forgot
how to get down, "So then, we had to get a ladder and try to bring him down, but I kept
crying! He said we would drop him and refused to come down," Ben laughed.
"I so can't imagine Tiger doing that," Felicia chuckled.
"Yeah, he's so good at climbing things and getting down these days," MJ winked. Really
subtle there girls.
"Ah, I remember that day," May said with a smile as she came in, "Peter was insistent only a
fireman could get him down without dropping him. So Richard went across the street to our
neighbour's house, who was a fireman, and borrowed his uniform. It was the most adorable
thing I have ever seen! Peter took one look at him and practically jumped into his arms!"
The girls chuckled. "Wait, who's Richard?" Liz asked confused.
Ben and May immediately looked sad, Felicia glared at Liz while MJ looked saddened. But I
didn't mind, I just smiled, "Richard's my dad, he died when I was young."
"Oh," Liz blushed in embarrassment, "I'm sorry."
'Don't be, he's a man who experimented on his own child,' I sighed, "it's fine Liz, I don't
really remember him, as far as I'm concerned," I held Ben's hand, "my dad's right here."
"Oh Peter," May gushed as she wrapped her hands around me, "such a good boy."
Ben smiled, "thanks Pete...but you know, it's not fair to your dad."
I shrugged, "I don't really think he would mind. You did raise me uncle Ben."
He nodded, "I know, but I mean it's not fair he's not here...giving you a gift. So," he stood up
and motioned for us to follow him. We were curious, though by the way May smiled I'm
guessing she knew what was going on.

We walked outside and Ben opened the garage door. Inside was a car I had no trouble
recognizing. A DeLorean DMC-12, the car from the freaking Back to the Future movies! I
looked inside and found it to be heavy customized, instead of the two seater it had four seats,
sacrificing leg space up front.
"Woah," MJ gawked, "you got a freaking time machine Tiger!"
"Yeah," I nodded numbly as I slowly recalled from the deepest depths of Peter's memories
playing in a car similar to this...no, not similar, exactly the same.
I turned to uncle Ben who smiled, "this was my dad's car," I stated.
He nodded, "yup, I'm surprised you still remember it."
"I..." I looked at the car, the body was beaten up, several dents covered its surface. I
remember it breaking down so many times, it was almost comical. I looked inside and sure
enough a car service kit peaked out from under the front passenger seat.
"It needs some work, I know. And it's probably never going to actually be as good as a brand
new car, but," he tossed me the keys, "it was your father's. He would have wanted you to
have it."
I looked at the keys, it had a dog tag for a key chain with the name 'Parker, Richard' labeled
on it. "Where did you keep it all the while?"
"Your father had a storage locker downtown, he owns it so he doesn't really have to pay," Ben
shrugged, "I found it in there. Figured you would want it, now that you're old enough to
drive."
"Peter, you are so driving us in that!" Liz cried out, "I swear when my dad sees this he's going
to freak out! Back to the Future is like his favorite movie! And you're totally letting me
drive!"
"And me," MJ perked up.
"You don't even have a licence yet!" Liz argued.
"So? Neither does Peter," MJ pointed at me.
"I'm sure Peter can get his anytime he wants," Felicia winked at me.
I chuckled, "yeah. I'm sure I can," I turned to Ben and smiled, "thanks uncle Ben. This is
perfect."
Ben nodded, "you're welcome Peter. Now, I don't have to give you a long winded speech
about driving responsibly do I?"
I chuckled, "no uncle Ben."

"Great, come on, there's still some cake to eat, and I have plenty of embarrassing stories
about Peter."
"Oh, do you have one where he pees the bed?" Liz asked.
"Sure, do you want to here the one when he was 3 or the time he was 10?"
"BEN!" I cried out.
After the party was finally over I walked upstairs to my bed and lied down. The girls made
sure to keep the party short, they knew I was exhausted after saving the whole god damn
world. But as I tried to sleep, I found I couldn't. So I took out my phone and searched through
the net for details on the clean up.
So far it looked like everything was alright, people were safe, only a few died, and many
more injured. The army, police and homeland security had it all handled. And SHIELD
helped clean up the alien tech, locking it away. I so wanted to keep some of the tech for
myself, but I was kind of busy to think about stuff like that.
But there was a surprising new development, people had put up pictures and videos up of the
incident. They mostly focused on the Avengers kicking butts and taking names. Even a few
videos about how Tony put the nuke into the portal in the sky.
But one of the most popular photos trending right now was my kiss with Cat. Someone had
caught it at the perfect angle, showing her jump into my arms, her disguised black hair
flowing behind her as my arms came around to wrap her hips.
We stood before the rubble of a broken building, the destroyed city of New York around us,
but the love we showed for each other made everything else seem insignificant.
The hashtags, #Spiderlove and #Powercouple were really, really trending. I smiled, she didn't
really look anything like her real face, the hair and eyes were covered, as were the rest of her.
People wouldn't be making the connection that Felicia Hardy was Black Cat anytime soon.
My curiosity now satisfied I put away the phone and collapsed into my pillow almost
instantly. I so needed some sleep.
But later into the night I felt someone shake me awake, I looked up and saw Felicia standing
over me wearing her Black Cat costume. I blinked as she took off her goggles and hair band
turning her hair from black to silver.
"Liz and MJ thought you were cheating on me," she smiled.
"Because Spider-man was seen kissing some hot cat chick?" I asked with a smile.
"Yup, I had to wear this to prove to them I was the Black Cat."
"You regret kissing me now?"

"No Tiger, not even for one second," she smiled as she slowly unzipped her costume and
threw it to the side. She lifted my covers and slipped in, kissing me harshly, wrapping her
hands around me.
"I love you Felicia," I whispered as I threw off my shirt and jeans.
"I love you Peter," she leaned in and bite my neck, whispering, "happy birthday." I smiled.
The next day:
I got a call from Nat telling me to come to Central Park at around noon and to come in
civilians clothes. I did so, with Felicia insisting she came along. I think she still doesn't like
the fact I risked my life trying to save the world.
Which kind of made sense. She stole from people who deserves it because she believes that's
right, but I don't want her to do that because I'm afraid she'll get hurt, I would feel the same
way she's feeling right now.
Thor stepped forward with Loki in chains. He looked to us and nodded. We took out the
Tesseract and placed it into a containment seal which Thor used to transport himself back to
Asgard.
Tony walked up to me and took off his coolers, "so Peter, tell me, do you have a job?"
I smiled, "I work with Reed Richards and Sue Storm at the Baxter building Tony."
"Damn, too late," I smiled, "anyway, just wanted to say you impressed me kid. If there's
anything you need don't hesitate to ask."
"Same to you Tony," I held out my hand and he shook it.
"Oh and don't worry, I decided to not sue you for ripping off my tech!" Tony called out as he
got in a car with Bruce and drove off.
Cap wished me well before riding off into. Nat then came up to me and looked at Felicia with
a raised eyebrow, "Felicia Hardy, should have guessed."
I raised an eyebrow, "you mean you didn't know?"
"SHIELD doesn't have the time to know the identities of every single thief in the city."
I felt like kicking myself, I just put her in danger. If Nat knows then Fury will too, meaning
HYDRA...fuck!
"Any chance you can keep this between just us?" I asked her in a pleading tone.
Nat smirked, "fine. But you owe me. Starting Monday I'm back as your handler, and Fury
allowed me to finally go all out in teaching you, now that we know you can handle yourself."
I smirked, "bring it on."

Felicia and I spent the day in Queens, trying our best to ignore the people talking about the
attack, but it was hard. After all that was the most important event that happened.
By the end of the day I said goodnight to her, leaving her home while I swung back to New
York, fully intent on stealing some of that alien tech for myself.
There were plenty lying around all over the place. The government had just started cleaning
up the South and East sides, the North was still filled with crap and abandoned. I grabbed
what I could, guns, those glowing staffs that fired automatically and even pieces of armor.
I swung to the Baxter building and put them all in my lab. I had a security code that let me in,
thank God, or else I would have to wait until Sue and the other's came back.
I did a couple of more runs, getting whatever I could. I even got a couple of the armor plates
off of one of those flying snake monsters. This thing was strong enough to push back Tony's
repulsor beams like it was nothing, definitely worth checking out.
But on my fifth outing to the wreckage I noticed other people there trying to steal some tuff.
Now I understood how hypocritical it was of me for calling them thieves, but the way I saw it
I fought these things giving me a right to spoils. So these guys are just plain thieves.
"Hey guys!" I called out landing on a light pole.
They all turned and immediately my spidey senses started blaring as I jumped away just in
time to avoid them spraying me with a large amount of bullets.
"That's not nice!" I yell out as my arms pop out and firing out four streams of webbing,
grabbing their guns before pulling back.
"It's the Spider! Run!" a soldier yelled.
"But we haven't gotten anything!" a man in a yellow hazmat suit called back.
"I don't care!"
They tried to run away but I quickly stopped them, grabbing them all and tying them up in a
tight little web space.
I walked up to them and smiled, "so, who are you guys supposed to be."
The soldiers growled and said nothing. The scientists...well, they looked piss scared. Time to
use that fear.
"You know who I am don't you?" I lowered my voice modulation in my helmet to a few
octaves lower, "you know what I can do. How easy it will be for me to rip you apart," I
lowered one of my arms under the man's neck, "talk."
"W-we work for-" and suddenly he head exploded.
I jumped back blocking my head from the blood and gore, "what the fuck was that?!"

"We would rather die than talk!" a man hiding behind some debris called out, tossing a
grenade at me. I kicked it away just as it exploded, but watched in horror as that man fired
bullets into his friend's bodies.
"No!" I shot out a web line pulling his gun away from him before sending out a blast of
electricity strong enough to stun him.
I look at the tied up people, they were all dead. The man who killed them were the only ones
alive. I walked up to the man and searched his body for identification of any kind. I found
nothing, except a tattoo of a skull.
It wasn't much, but the design reminded me of a group that Cap used to tangle with, HYDRA.
They were finally moving out of the shadows. Of course they would, all this tech, why
wouldn't they?
I looked around and sighed, I called Fury and told him the situation, he would be arriving
soon. The city will take some time, but it will recover. Phase 1 is over, Phase 2 will soon
begin. I hope I'm ready for what's to come.

Chapter End Notes

Ta da! Phase I over! I hope it was up to mark! I didn't like rewriting the movie word for
word, tried to change it up a bit. Hopefully you all didn't mind. And guys if you like this
story please bookmark it and give it a kudo. It's free and you can always remove it. and
if you like this story I bet you'll like my other ones. I have 2 PJO ones and a PJO/HP
cross over that has way more kudos than this one you should check out. Oh and I have a
Naruto one but it didn't really kick off. all of them except Power Right are over 140k
words so they should keep you occupied for a week or 2. Unless your like me and
literally read 5.4 million words of fanfiction and 1.7 million words of regular books this
month. I know I have a problem.

Chapter 21: The Red Dawn
Life was fucking awesome. Spider-man was finally getting the good press he deserved. Since
I was seen in public as an Avenger, people didn't even listen to what JJ said anymore.
BugleJJJ: Spider-man's actions in the city are nothing short of vigilantism!
I was going to respond, but then another man responded;
JKE_Ford: Tonight at 9 in the night I was held at gunpoint. Spider-man saved me. This
'vigilant' made sure I came back to my family tonight. Fuck you BugleJJJ.
And the best part? It was true, I had saved the man's life, it wasn't just a troll. The man had
attached a picture of the arrest sheet the police issued on the mugger they arrested with the
time and date!
And he wasn't the only. Every time someone came to call me out, people came out in the
droves. They were like a tsunami, and the best part is they weren't trolls, they were real
people, real honest to God people whose lives I touched in someway or another.
I had become a beacon for the people. 1.2 billion followers of Twitter wasn't something to
scoff at, I literally had the ears of a billion people, the kind of power politicians killed for.
But, I knew that with great power comes great responsibility.
I was on cloud nine, my life was perfect. I was a superhero who was actually appreciated,
people actually had fan clubs of me! At work Sue and Reed were always asking my opinion
on stuff, half the time I couldn't help, but I did what I could.
At home my aunt and uncle were happy I was finally coming out of my shell and into the real
world. And unknown to them I was secretly paying off any new bill they got that was
overdue. I had the bank simply state there was a filing error while I payed out my own salary.
The the summer break allowed me to become a hero full time. I swooped in and saved the
day more times that I could count. Heck, I even had a favorite hot dog stand while in
costume, and my constant patronship made the guy pretty famous for being, 'Spidey's favorite
dog place'.
I interacted a lot more with people, stopping by and cracking jokes with old men in the park,
sharing coffee with morning workers, challenging joggers for a race through Central Park,
that kind of stuff.
I always took photos too, putting them on Insta, featuring my daily hero life for the whole
world to see. I was kind of world famous now, each photo I post gaining nearly half a billion
likes.
I was basically the hero of NY, after all Tony isn't here half the time and Cap is more like a
national wide thing. Thor was...well, a God, Nat and Clint were spies, meaning I was the only

one who gave the Avengers any public exposure. No pressure.
But it wasn't all just web swinging and games, I did spend a lot of time at the Baxter building
as well. Reed and Sue has been pretty busy, him with inventing new toys and her with getting
the patents and the keeping the cash flowing.
Johnny and I did what we could, but honestly, no one had a thing on Reed, that guy was a
genius worthy of the name. Honestly though it was a little awkward, Sue and him weren't
really...well, ever in a relationship.
Reed was trying, in his own way, but Sue just kept ignoring him. After some time the poor
guy just gave up. I honestly didn't know when they were going to get married, but at this rate
I don't see little Franklin coming around any time soon.
Good thing too, I have no interest in letting a little kid have the power to warp reality itself.
Next thing I know I'll be stuck as a teenager forever! I mean seriously, I had just gotten my
driving licence a few weeks ago, I don't need this shit!
But I did also have time for my own personal projects. More specifically my personal tech. I
worked on the alien junk I stole from the alien invasion and began to research into it.
From the weapons I found a way to telepathically operate machinery. It really was ingenious,
There was a metal plate with an unknown alloy that feed on the electricity in brain waves like
a symbiote. It channeled people's brain waves and with a sensor on the other side any
machine could track what was being eaten.
I used this tech in my arms, making them much more safe to use, no chance of them
exploding, driving me crazy and fusing with my spine now. I really should have thought of
that before I began using these things.
Sue was really excited when I brought her the telepathic metal. She knew immediately where
I got it, but was impressed I managed to figure it out as quickly as I did. She already began
the process of patenting it, when asked for a number I went with the obvious choice: Teletech
Plate.
I also managed to analyse the metal they used for armour. It was a very unique alloy, the
materials not found anywhere on Earth. But I did manage to decompose the metals a little,
finding out just what made them tick.
I couldn't synthesis my own metal, not even close. But I did have the basis for a metallurgy
formula which should create an element that rivals Wolverine's claws. If I could figure out
what the missing ingredient was that is.
I then turned my attention to the alien's power source, a type of glowing stone that seemed to
push out radiation like candy on Halloween. It was the most radioactive element I knew,
radioactive and still not too damaging to humans. Somehow the shell it was inside kept it
from killing everything in sight. Only an external source of radiation could startle it, making
it go boom!

I did manage to reverse engineer the tech, figuring out how it ticked. I was able to synthesis,
with Reed's help of course, a way to make these battery cells. But unfortunately the result
was disappointing. The rocks we produced gave out a quarter of the amount of energy an
aline cell did.
Reed wasn't disappointed though, he was thrilled, he said he would keep working on this
technology, it could mean the difference between humanity's extension or ascendance, or
something in that light.
I also took a crack a what allowed them to levitate, though it seemed to somehow involve
their glowing purple rocks which served as a power source and a levitation assistant. I
couldn't really do much, it was after all alien tech I was dealing with, so for now I pushed
them to the side.
Nat was relentless with my training, it seems Fury had made improving my fighting skills a
number one priority. Training lasted for hours, one time it lasted a day as Nat wanted to see
how long I could go without food or sleep, needless to say I impressed her with my stamina.
I did begin learning more of what it meant to be a spy. Nat finally decided it was time to
teach me the delicate art of espionage. How to track someone without them knowing, how to
spy on people and find out exactly what they didn't want you to know.
It was difficult work to be honest, I honestly didn't like it, but it had to be done. I needed to
be ready, for anything and everything.
A few weeks after the alien invasion the city was finally starting to recover. I found myself
having to go out as Spider-man less and less now, people finally started to get their shit
together. And so I decided it was time I took on a new personal project.
I had decided if I had a freaking DeLorean in my garage it was best that I actually used it. But
it would need some upgrades, luckily I knew just the man who could help me with it.
I called Johnny and told him I needed his help bringing my new ride up to date. He was more
than happy to help. I drove the car to the Baxter building parking lot where he was waiting
for me. The moment he saw the DeLorean his jaw dropped.
"What?!" he gawked. I stepped out and smiled, he turned to me, "what?!"
"Yeah, I know."
"How?!"
"It was my dad's," I shrugged, "my uncle gave it to me on my birthday. Figured it needed to
be in the family. But it's honestly a piece of junk, think you can help me out?"
"Are you fucking kidding me?! You want me to help trick out a DeLorean?!" Johnny
screamed.
"So...is that a no?"

"Yes! It's a freaking yes! A hundred times yes!" his eyes practically sparkled. We loaded the
car up into an industry sized elevator they had installed for Ben. But when the lift opened up
into the top floor we realised it was going to be difficult getting it into Johnny's lab.
"Hey rock head!" Johnny called out, "we need your help!"
"Don't call me that matchstick! Or next time-" Ben stopped as he stared at the car,
"Johnny, why do you have a time machine in the lift?"
I grinned, "it's mine. I asked Johnny to help pimp it up for me. Think you can give us a lift?"
Ben nodded as he gently picked up the car and walked into Johnny's lab, tilting the car so that
it could fit through the door.
Johnny had already cleared out the middle of his lab, arranging various tools and other pieces
of tech around the car. Ben stepped aside and Johnny quickly pulled up the car's blueprints on
his computer screen.
"The DeLorean, a sports car manufactured by John DeLorean's DeLorean Motor Company
for the American market from 1981–83," Jonny began, "The car features gullwing doors and
an fiberglass body structure with a steel chassis, external stainless steel body panels. It
became widely known and iconic for its appearance, and it was modified to represent the
concept of a time machine in the Back to the Future media franchise."
"But it was a piece of junk," Ben recalled, "it kept breaking down all the time. People
hated it, the only reason it's so popular is because of the Back to the Future movies."
"Yeah, who doesn't want a time machine," Johnny nodded as he looked at the car, "I'll be
honest Pete, I don't really know what I can do. I mean, it's engine is shit, the gearbox even
more so. The chassis is basically paper mache, and the design, while iconic, isn't exactly
aerodynamic. I can see the places where you dad made some changes, the back seats are a
nice touch, but it honestly isn't worth buying new parts."
"I know Johnny," I smiled as I pulled out my personal SA and displayed a diagram, "I was
hoping we could maybe strip the insides and build it anew, with this."
Johnny took me SA and looked it over. His eyes slowly widening as he began to recognize
what it was, "dude! How?!"
"Just something I thought off," I shrugged, "it's a new type of electrical engine that runs on
my version of the arc reactor. We can get rid of the engine and the gear box, basically
bringing the old time machine into the 21st century."
"Dude...this is going to take days," Johnny looked over the diagram I sketched out.
I smiled, "I'm not hearing a no."
Johnny grinned, "I'm in."
"So am I," Ben nodded.

"You? What the hell are you going to do Rocky? Sit on it?" Johnny scoffed.
"What it flame brain, or I'll toast you," Ben growled, "and for your information, cars
just happen to be something I'm good at. I did help Reed build his first engine you
know."
"Wait, then how come you and Johnny never work together?" I asked curiously.
Ben shrugged, "kid's more into the 21st century stuff. I specialise in the old fashioned
stuff."
Johnny sighed, "fine, but I swear to God, if you accidentally sit on it or something I will burn
your rocks off! Got it!"
Ben nodded, "hey, if you're going to get my rocks off I can't complain," I snorted but held
back my laughter.
"Good! Now...wait a minute," Johnny narrowed his eyes as I burst out laughing, "that's not
funny!" Ben and I laughed hard.
We got to work on the car. Johnny had a hundred different ideas he wanted to use, but Ben
and I held him back. I so did not want my car shooting out fire, this was supposed to be Peter
Parker's car, not Spider-man's. And even then I don't that would be a good choice.
I called up SHIELD's resource management team and had them send over all the parts we
would need. I signed it off as a business expense, bwahahahahaha!
We first replaced the engine, petrol was a thing of the past and caused way too much
pollution. We replaced it with the electricity engine I designed and Johnny helped build. The
engine was so small it took up a quarter of what the petrol engine used, giving us the front to
use as trunk space.
The engine was powered by an arc reactor in the center of it, making sure the car wouldn't
run out of power in the next hundred years or so. Excessive? Sure, but totally awesome.
We redid the interior as well, putting in ergonomic seats, giving up plenty of legroom for
those in the back and front. The seats were red and black, sort of sticking with the Spiderman
theme here. The flimsy stainless steel body panels were replaced with a steel and titanium
alloy. Never know when an supervillain will attack, could be useful.
Ben decided the gearbox was pointless, and since it ket breaking down it wouldn't be much
use. So instead we converted the car into a automatic, made it much easier to drive.
Johnny then went a little crazy, we couldn't really stop him at this point. We said no to so
many of his other request we kind of felt bad to be honest. Plus he kept giving me a puppy
dog look, which was more disturbing than cute.
Johnny went to town on the car, he changed the suspension, put in a set of tires which he
designed that would never puncture, made the windshield and windows out of bullet proof
glass.

The doors opened upwards and we decided to keep them just the way they were. After a
couple of more minor additions and adjustments Johnny's part was finished. He smiled, kept
going on and on about how I should let him borrow it to pick up chicks.
I then began to work on the interior. I changed the entire dashboard, replacing it with smooth
mahogany wood. I installed a HUD below the AC which was basically a miniature computer
that regulated the car's engine and monitor all other functions.
I then decided to splurge a little and put in a kick ass music system as well. When we turned
it on for the first time on max volume Sue had heard it all the way from her room. Needless
to say she was pissed we woke her up.
"Hey Pete," Johnny asked me as I helped in put in the sound system.
"Yeah?"
"What do you think about this?" Johnny showed me a blueprint. I blinked as I examined it.
"Dude..."
"I know, but listen-"
"-Dude!"
"Come on! It'll be so cool!"
"...Dude?"
"The energy output will be more than enough, come on Pete, don't tell you haven't even
thought off using it!"
I sighed before smiling and nodded, "dude."
We then got to work. We put in four repulsors on the bottom of the car near the wheels and
one large one near the back that was designed to look like a spare tire holder. Ben kept asking
what we were making, but we refused to tell him. Honestly though, I'm surprised he couldn't
guess it.
And finally, it was done. We stepped back and admired it. The car had gotten a complete
overhaul, but I decided to keep the outwards grey colour, with neon blue timmings running
down the side that glowed when I turned on the headlights.
It looked like it could be a real time machine. I smirked, "this is so cool!"
"Damn right," Ben nodded, "want to go for a drive?"
"Hell yeah!" Johnny cried out.
Ben helped us get it into the industrial lift and take it down to the parking lot. I smiled as I
took out the keys and put it into the ignition, pressing my thumbprint on the middle of the

wheel, allowing the scanner to scan my thumb print.
"Welcome Peter," a robotic voice from the HUD called out.
Johnny grinned, "so it recognizes you."
I nodded, "yup. Alright you two, get in."
Johnny had to sit in the back while Ben sat forward, pushing his seat back all the way. The
car began to topple towards his side, when suddenly the online system activated and the
suspension began to work overtime to compensate for the weight.
"Warning, weight anomaly detected. Compensating now. Speed limited to 50 miles per hour,"
the robot voice called out.
"Thanks Doc," I smiled.
"Serious? You named the car's AI Doc?" Johnny rolled his eyes.
"Hey, it fits," Ben shrugged, "now come on! I want to see what this thing can do!"
I nodded as I put it into drive and pulled out of the basement into the open New York road.
The traffic was not bad today, though we did end up stopping a few times. People looked at
us, I didn't really mind, it was a well known fact Peter Parker worked with the FF, let them
gawk.
"Hey Doc, put some rock and roll would you?" Johnny called out as he put on his shades.
The music coming roaring out as he stretched and sighed, "yeah, this is the life."
I rolled my eyes as I pulled onto the bridge heading into Queens, the drive was now a lot
faster. I could feel the wind going through my hair as I drove carefully across the giant metal
bridge. And then on the other side I took a 'U' turn and headed straight back to the Baxter
building.
As we drove back Johnny turned to me and grinned, "hey, want to use it?" he tapped the hand
brake button gently, flipping it up to reveal a red button inside.
I grinned. Ben looked over in surprise, "what's that?"
"Oh nothing, just a little surprise we made," I grinned pressing the red button and suddenly
the car started to hum.
"Flight mode engaged," the AI system stated, suddenly the car started to move upwards into
the air.
"What the hell is going on?!" Ben cried out as the repulsors under the car kicked in, sending
us flying up.
"Come on Ben! Like a little!" I laughed as I pressed on the accelerator, kicking the giant
repulsor behind the car into overdrive, shooting us off the bridge and into the sky. I steer the

steering wheel to pilot the car, grinning like a madman.
"Hey Pete, want to race?!" Johnny asked as he unbuckled his seatbelt.
"You're on!" I yelled. He opened the door and jumped out, flailing on in mid air as he took
off, me following closely behind. We stayed out of the city, mostly flying above the East
River. I grinned, this was amazing!
It was a great first drive.
Sue was pissed though. By the end of the day everyone in the city was claiming the FF had a
flying car and Sue was getting calls all over the city from investors. She yelled at Johnny and
me for like a hour before making me give her the blueprint for the engine I designed, she
hoped this would make people less...jumpy.
Reed on the other hand loved my car design, he even got a new idea to make something
similar. He dubbed it his summer side project and I got a feeling I knew what it was.
Johnny and Ben insisted on making a few more adjustments and more importantly getting the
car registered with the state, it was after all heavily customized. We did avoid mentioning it
being able to fly, leave a little something for ourselves.
By the end of the July I drove my new, improved and road legal DeLorean back home. When
May saw it she nearly fainted. Kidding...kind off.
"Peter, how did you pay for all of this?!" Ben asked in horror.
"The FF had a lot of funds left over and a lot of toys that they didn't use. I just got Johnny and
Ben to help me throw in some old scrap they had lying around, it's really not that big a deal, it
looks way more expensive that it is," I lied easily. I should be worried I'm getting so good at
this but...well, I am supposed to be a superhero. Lying comes with the job.
In the end they clamped down, Ben insisted I drive him around for a while. I should him all
the new features and needless to say he was impressed. When I finished showing my aunt
and uncle the car I figured the next best person would be my girlfriend.
I pulled up to her apartment and called her, telling her to come down. She did, wearing a pair
of jeans and a leather jacket. She looked at me and the car and raised an amused eyebrow,
"so, you finally went full nerd huh?"
"Hey, I'll have you know I've always been full nerd," I chuckled. I opened the car door and
motioned for it, "want to go for a spin?"
Felicia smiled, "sure, why not. It's not going to like, stop half way right?"
I rolled my eyes, "Felicia, you insult me."
I took her around town for a bit, showing off all the cool new features. After a while Liz
called her wanting to hang out, it was the perfect opportunity for me to show off the car, so
Felicia told her we would be coming right away.

We pulled up to Liz's house and she practically ran out the door, "come on daddy! You have
got to see this!"
"Oh what now Liz," an older man came walking out and stopped in his tracks seeing the
DeLorean. I walked out and leaned on the hood of the car waving at Liz.
"Hey Liz, how's the summer?" I asked.
"You totally tricked this thing out!" Liz's father cried out before she even had a chance to
answer, "what did you do to it?!"
It took me all afternoon to satisfy the man's curiosity. He was so excited, he insisted I let him
drive it. I was reluctant, but after Liz begged me to let him, I agreed. He was like a kid of
Disney World.
Later that night I showed the car to MJ and she was pissed she was the last one I showed. So
in return I took her and the others out for dinner in a street shop in town.
As we ate our chilly dogs MJ gushed, "it's so spicy."
"I keep telling you not to eat it all at once," I rolled my eyes.
"The trick is limitations MJ," Felicia replied, "don't just swallow."
I snorted, "yeah, don't swallow. I don't usually say that though."
Felicia turned red as she smacked me up the head, "watch it!" I laughed as MJ and Liz tried
to ignore the obvious perverse meaning.
"So," Liz called out, "you know who would have loved this thing?" she tapped the car's hood,
"Jean."
MJ sighed, "yeah. How is she anyway?"
"From what I hear she's doing fine," Felicia shrugged, "kind of lonely though. It's only here,
those adults we met and this Scott guy. She says they'll get more students soon, but she
doesn't really know when."
I nodded munching on my chilly dog, "maybe we should visit her."
MJ blinked, "what?"
"What? Why not? It's what? A two hour drive from here? We can be there and back within a
day if we want."
"Peter that's brilliant!" Liz cried out, "we should totally surprise her! This Saturday, what do
you guys think?!"
MJ and Felicia didn't really seem to mind and I was the one who suggested, so we were all in
agral. Getting permission from Ben and May was a little difficult, mostly because May didn't

like the idea I could be so independent at such a young age, but Ben did convince her
otherwise.
I did want to visit Jean, I didn't lie. But I also wanted to keep an eye on Xavier and see what
he's doing. I don't trust the man, never did, and no, Patrick Stewart's amazing acting isn't
going to convince me otherwise.
On Saturday we all meet up at my place at around 6 in the morning. I had packed up some
clothes, in case of a Spider-man emergency, and lots food. MJ was the first to arrives, she
came with her own bag of stuff and walked up to the car currently parked out on the
driveway.
"Morning Red," I called out as I stretched the kinks out of my body.
"Morning Tiger," MJ put her stuff in the front, which we now used as a boot.
I got into the driver's seat and MJ sat besides me. We drove to pick up Liz and then Felicia.
When Kitten arrived she insisted on sitting shotgun, but MJ just flipped her off saying she
called shotgun. Felicia didn't like it, but she didn't really mind.
I drove out of the city, the morning traffic barely there to slow us down. Once we hit the
highway the DeLorean sailed smoothly down the clear highway with music playing in the
back.
"You know, you really should name this thing," Felicia said from behind.
"What do you mean?" I asked.
"Well, don't all the best cars have names?" Felicia asked.
"Well, I mean it's the DeLorean, what other name do you need?" Liz asked.
"How about….Dorothy?" MJ suggested.
"Something from this century please," Felicia rolled her eyes.
"Well it already has a name," I told them, "isn't that right Doc?"
"That is correct Peter," came my car's electronic voice.
"Woah!" MJ looked at the HUD, "you're car can talk!"
"Can you trick out my car Pete?" Liz asked.
I chuckled, "not sure, I used SHIELD assets to build this and wrote it off as a business
expense." Liz pouted, but understood.
It was a nice two hour drive, we chatted, listened to the music, just relaxed to the smooth
running engine of Doc. Finally we arrived at the gates of the Xavier mansion. I drove up to
the gate and pressed the intercom.

"Hello," I called out, "anyone there?"
"Who is-Peter?"
I waved at the camera, "hello Logan. What's up?"
"What are you doing here bub?"
"We," I moved aside showing the other girls, "came to see our friend. Open up claws, please."
I heard him sigh and press a button, opening the gates, "I'll send her down."
"Thanks," I called out as we drove in. The mansion was huge, I could see it even from here.
The driveway was long too, you could fit my entire house in here with much more room to
spare.
"This is where Jean's studying?" Liz whistled as she looked around at the fancy marble
statues and the rose gardens, "no wonder she's getting used to it."
I chuckled as we drove up to the main entrance and I parked the car to the side. We got out of
the car just as the doors to the mansion were thrown open and Jean came running out.
"Guys!" she cried out.
"Jean!" Liz cried out as she swooped the redhead into a hug, "oh my god I missed you!"
"And I missed you," Jean cried out, she quickly hugged the rest of the girls before turning to
me, blushing just a little bit, "hey Peter."
I nodded, "Jean, you're looking well." She really was. She had grown to around 5 feet 9
inches, her frame became thinner and she had finally started letting her hair grow as it now
reached the middle of her back, "Are they treating you right?"
"Oh stop it, it's not so bad once you get to know them," she hugged me, whispering into my
ear, "I really did miss you and Felicia a lot."
I blushed as we broke the hug, "y-yeah." I turned to Felicia, she was blushing a little too,
damn Jean works fast.
"So Jean, show us around!" Liz said as she grabbed Jean's arm.
"Okay Liz, just give me a moment," Jean chuckled as we all walked into the mansion She
opened the door revealing the amazing interior.
"Woah," MJ said looking around, "it's amazing."
"How many rooms are there?" Felicia asked.
Jean shrugged, "I don't know. About a hundred I think."

I looked around, the place was pretty cool, I'll admit. But what I really was interested in was
the Danger Room, but I guess I can't just ask her to show me that...wait…could I?...Neah.
"So Jean, what has Baldy been teaching you?" I asked as the girl showed us around.
"I really wish you would stop calling him that. He really is sad about what he did."
"You do remember what I told you right?" I asked raising an eyebrow, "he's a man with the
power to brainwash people, around him anything you feel should be taken with a grain of
salt."
"Come on Peter, you're being paranoid," Jean rolled her eyes.
"Which is exactly what someone who was brainwashed would think," Felicia said with a
chuckle.
I narrowed my eyes, "whatever, either way I've made sure he won't be able to read our minds
this time."
Jean blinked, "what? How?"
I pointed at my ear showing a black circle looped around the lobe, "it's a more advanced
version of the helmet I made for you to keep your powers at bay. I made one for the girls as
well."
Felicia tapped a similar pair of earrings she had while Jean and Liz pointed at the hair bands
they wore.
"So that's why I couldn't feel you guys," Jean said in wonder.
"Feel us? Do you mean you tried to read our minds?" Felicia asked cautiously.
"No, not like that. It's like a psychic's version of sight, I couldn't feel your presence, it was
like you just weren't there."
I hummed, "sound's interesting, learning a lot from the old man?"
"Oh yes, he' shown me a lot Pete and-"
"-Jean? Who's this?" a new voice called out.
We all looked up to see a young man in a blue sweater vest and khaki slacks walked down the
stairs towards us. He had brown hair and wore red coolers that covered his eyes completely. I
recognized him immediately, Scott Summers.
"Scott, these are my friends, the ones from Midtown high?" Jean smiled, "guys, this is Scott,
he's another student."
"Cool, so you're a mutant too?" Liz asked excitedly.

MJ groaned, "for god's sake Liz you can't just ask someone if they're a mutant!"
Scott blinked, "they know?"
"Of course they do silly," Jean giggled, "you're a student at a mutant school, they aren't
stupid."
I smiled and walked forward extending my hand, "Peter Parker, pleasure to meet you."
Scott blinked before shaking my hand, "Scott Summer."
"So Scott, what can you do?" I asked.
"Ah, that's kind of personal?" he looked nervous.
I nodded, "I understand. Anyway, think you can give me and the girls a tour of this place?"
Scott shrugged, he and Jean walked in front of us as they took us all over the hundred plus
room sized mansion. I'll admit, Xavier has style. The place was classy yet not in the snobbish
sort of sense.
Each room was decorated like it was meant for a VIP, there were several classrooms in the
ground floor, though they weren't currently in use. And the library looked like it could rival
that of any fancy prep school.
"And this is the garden," Jean took us outside to the back, showing the large garden. There
was a pool near the side and a basketball court. There were rose bushes and what looked to be
a maze near the back.
"Ah, I see you all have arrived to see Jean," I heard a familiar voice. We turned to see Xavier
coming out of the bushes, being pushed by Ororo. He smiled at us and nodded, "it is good to
know Jean's friend's haven't forgotten about her."
"We haven't forgotten about you either Xavier," I tapped my mental protection, "don't even
think about it."
Xavier sighed, "Peter, I am truly sorry for what I did, but you must understand, I did it to
prevent you from being a killer."
"He came to my friend's house and threatened to kill her. As far as I'm concerned he was a
corpse the moment he thought he could get away with something so horrible."
"Peter," Jean put a gentle arm on my shoulder, "please."
I sighed, "sorry," I turned to Xavier and took a deep breath and let it out, "you have an
amazing place, Makes me want to join."
Xavier smiled, "you are always welcome Peter, from what Jean tells me, you are more than
qualified to teach a few subjects."

Felicia rolled her eyes, "I'm sure that's not all she tells you."
"Hey, I don't just talk about Peter! You guys are my friends too!" Jean cried out.
"I'm sure," MJ and Liz giggled, making the other redhead blush red.
"Are you kidding, she won't shut up about you guys," Scott smiled, "she told me how you
guys tried playing superhero?"
"Yeah, now that I think about it, it was kind of a dumb move," Liz grumbled.
"Told you," I sang out.
"Yeah, yeah, you don't have to rub it in," Liz huffed.
"Still, the costume you made was really inspiring," Xavier commented, "I've had something
similar designed for Jean."
I raised an eyebrow, "costume? For what?"
"You said it yourself Peter, we need to show that mutants aren't a threat, that we can work
with humanity," Xavier motioned for me to follow as he, Ororo and I walked into the grass
maze.
I sighed, I turned to the girls, "I'll be back." They didn't really say much, though Felicia gave
me a warning gaze, I swear sometimes she worries too much.
Scott watched Peter leave and forced folding his arms, "why did the professor call him out?"
"He probably wanted to talk to him in private," MJ shrugged.
Scott huffed, "what's so special about Peter Parker?"
Felicia smiled, "everything."
I didn't like it, me, him, alone...well, not alone, his bodyguard that should shoot lighting out
of her butt was with us, which really wasn't looking good for me.
"What did you want to talk about?" I asked him as we walked through the maze.
"I have...I have been thinking about what you said," Xavier explained.
"Oh? Which part?"
"The part where….I abused my powers."
"I see," I didn't push him, though I really wish I did, "and?"
"You said how there was no difference between Erik and I, how he would use his powers to
hurt others and...I would use mine to get what I want, regardless of people's free will."

I nodded, "yes, and?" We came to the center of the maze was a water fountain waited for us.
"I wanted to apologize, I understand you don't trust me, I do. But I don't regret doing my
actions."
I took a deep breath and let it out. "I get it, I do...you're not human, you're a different breed
altogether. What seems natural to you is...different for us. I don't pity the way Jean will have
to adapt herself into our lives."
Xavier nodded, "I'm glad you understand."
"Was there anything else?"
Xavier smiled, "yes, I was going to offer you a tutoring position in my school, maybe
something during the weekends. But since your recent outing as an...Avenger, I wager your
time is very tight at the moment."
I shrugged, "it's honestly not a big thing, we don't' actually have like daily meetings or the
like...hey, would you like to join?"
Xavier blinked, "me?"
I shrugged, "I don't see why not. You're a pretty smart guy, and your heart is in the right
place," I turned to Ororo, "you too Storm, I mean, we already have a thunder god, but we
could always use a thunder goddess."
Ororo smiled, "you are quite the charmer Peter, thank you, but I believe my time will be
better suited here."
I nodded, turning to Xavier, "and you?"
Xavier looked thoughtful, "I'll admit...it's an appealing thought. I doubt I could help stop a
war like you did."
"I wouldn't need you for that," I told him, "we need more members. I don't think Strak would
care to admit this, but we were so close to losing that battle. Next time though, and believe
me, there will be a next time, I don't want it let up to chance. Can I count on your team to
help if the time comes?"
Xavier nodded, "it would be my pleasure. Seeing mutants working together with Earth's
mightiest protectors would do well for our cause."
"I figured."
"Tell me, was this the real reason you came?" Xavier smiled.
I chuckled, "no, just a very nice bonus. I really did miss Jean, plus I just got a car, figured we
could do a nice long road trip."

"Well, then let me not keep you," Xavier nodded. I quickly walked out of the maze, waving at
them over my shoulder.
Xavier looked up to Ororo, "what is your opinion of him?"
"He's….smart, but also very complex," Ororo looked at Peter's retreating form with curious
eyes, "I don't doubt his dedication to his friends, but his anger...it could be his downfall."
Xavier sighed, "yes, I'm afraid it could be."
I walked back to the others and found Scott and Jean playing basketball with the girls. I stood
by the side and smiled, watching the two mutants beat the three, Felicia was the only one
having any success, scoring a point of every two the others score.
"Hey, you joining?" Scott asked just as his scored a three pointer.
I shrugged, "it wouldn't be fair."
"To who?" Scott chuckled.
"To you," I replied.
"You think you can take us on?" Scott chuckled.
"Oh he can," Jean said bouncing the ball, "he's really agile."
"Really?" Scott raised an eyebrow, "alright then, let's go, you and me, one on one."
I smiled, "you really don't want to do that Scott."
"Confident are you?"
"No, just really, really sure on what I can do."
"Alright, how about a bet?" Scott smiled, "if I win, I get to take your DeLorean for a spin."
I smirked, "fine, and if I win, you have to tell me what you can do. Deal?"
Scott tossed me the ball, "deal."
I took off my jacket and walked into the court. "Great, we get some entertainment," MJ
smiled as the girls sat down next to the court.
I stood before Scott checking the ball once, "you sure you want to do this?"
Scott checked it back, "hell yeah."
I grinned, "sucker."
Five minutes later….

"And the king of Xavier's school for mutants basketball court is Peter Parker!" I cried out,
dunking my fifth basket in a row. I landed on my feet and grinned at a slack jawed Scott.
"HOW?!" he yelled.
I smiled, "I'm really agile."
"Come on you two, it's time for lunch!" Jean called out as she and the girls made their way
inside.
"Coming," I called out, putting my hand on Scott's shoulder, guiding him inside, "so, since I
won, what can you do?"
Scott sighed, "it's ah, it's complicated. I can sort off….blow things up."
I grinned, "cool."
We ate lunch with the other in one of the cleanest kitchen I have ever seen. We all sat around
one table big enough for twelve, the girls were quickly catching up while Scott and I
discussed his powers.
"So, it's like a beam of concussive force? Not heat?" I asked a little surprised.
Scott nodded, "yeah, that's what the professor said. He said my powers came from inside my
eyes, but he doesn't really know where."
I hummed, in my Earth there was this theory that Scott's powers came from another
dimension, so maybe it was like Johnny's powers, able to absorb them from another
dimension and then channel it into our own through a form of energy.
"Close your eyes," I told him.
Scott looked surprised, "what?"
"I want to see how your eyelids look with your eyes closed, close them," I repeated myself.
He did so and I took off his glasses. I was glowing red energy just below the surface of his
eyelids, they somehow didn't tear his eyelids off.
"Are you done?" Scott asked a little impatiently.
"Yeah," I put his glasses back on and saw his eyes open up from behind the red shades. "So, I
think I have a theory on how your powers work."
Scott blinked, "what?"
I nodded, "I know someone who has similar powers. His powers come from another
dimension, a plane of existence that his body can somehow at will, call upon. I think your
body works the same way. And this energy is somehow a part of your body, that's why your
eyelids aren't being ripped apart. I would wager your fingers or any other part of your body

would also be immune to your powers. Maybe they are somehow absorbing the energy back
into your body and channeling it inside you...but I can't be too sure."
Scott gaped, "how do you know that?!"
I shrugged, "didn't Jean tell you? I'm a genius."
We spent the rest of the day with Scott and Jean, just walking around, looking at the mansion.
Scott and I talked about cars, though I wasn't a fanatic like him, I did learn a little from
spending so much time with Johnny and Ben working on my car that I could share a few
conversations with the man.
By around late afternoon we had to leave. Scott, Jean, Xavier, Ororo and Logan meet us at
the front to see us off.
"I can't believe you drive that," Scott said whistling at the sight of my car.
I smiled, "yeah, I call him Doc."
"Creative," Logan smirked.
"I missed you all so much," Jean said as she leaned in giving us all a big hug. When it was
my turn she placed a small kiss on my cheek, before removing my psychic dampers. I looked
surprised and was about ask why when I heard her voice in my head;
"Next time, have it be Felicia and you, alone. We three can spend some time, together." Jean
smiled as she put the earpieces back on my ears, leaving me blushing red.
"Thanks so much for having us professor," MJ said politely, "you really have an amazing
place."
"Yeah, glad to see our little Jeany's being taken care off," Liz nodded.
"You are welcome," Xavier nodded, "and please feel free to come and visit any time you
wish. Our doors are always open for friends."
"Though next time you better call," Logan growled.
I blinked, "oh wait, that reminds me!" I quickly opened the front and looked through my bag,
pulling out my history textbook. I walked up to Logan and opened to the page about world
war 2, "here, can you sign this for me?"
Logan and the others looked surprised when I handed him the book. "What are you going on
about bub?" Logan asked.
"This," I tapped the photo off Captain America and James Howlett, also know as a
Wolverine, I had found the photo a long time ago, it was actually when I realised mutants
were a thing in this world, I didn't realise it then but this would be a perfect to tell Logan
about his past, without giving away anything, "that is you right? I talked to Cap about it and

he told me how cool it was to serve with you. By the way, do you mind me telling him about
you? Steve would love to hear about you, between us, the guy's kind of lonely."
Logan's eyes went wide as he stared at the picture, "t-this is me?"
The other mutants looked at the picture, each gasping.
"My God," Xavier gasped.
"Why didn't' I ever notice this!" Jean cried out.
I shrugged, "I'm just more observant."
"Peter, I don't think you understand what you just did. Logan here...I mean, James here has
amnesia, he has no idea who he was and now..." Xavier trialed off.
"And now I do," Logan turned the pages trying to find more information about himself but
failing too, "dammit! This thing is useless!"
"Calm down Logan, this in itself is a huge step forward, we'll find more, now that we actually
know where to start," Xavier assured him.
"I guess," Logan threw the book to me, "tell Rogers I want to talk to him," he growled before
slowly looking gloomy, "and kid...thanks."
I blinked, "ah...you're welcome?" I must have been an oscar worthy performance because
they totally bought it.
Soon the girls and I were back in my car driving home. This time Felicia was in the front
with MJ and Liz asleep in the back. We didn't really talk much, though my head was filled
with thoughts and ideas.
There's been something I've been avoiding for sometime now, ever since Ben mentioned my
dad had a storage space Downtown where he kept this car along with his other stuff...well,
I've been curious. Just what was in there? Could it give me a clue as to what Richard did to
Peter's book?
Whatever it is, it's time I take a look into that storage space. But something inside me told me
that this would be the start of something, really, really dangerous. Sigh, fucking comic books.

Chapter 22: Hydra's Weapon
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

I looked down into the alley and saw three kids dressed in red and black beat up a small gang
of thugs. I should jump in there and put a stop this, I know I should. But….I honestly didn't
want to do that.
I leaned back into the shadows and watched as the three vigilantes fought valiantly. They
wore a red and black tracksuit with a fabric mask that was stitched to resemble my own.
Spray painted onto the middle of their track was a black spider similar to my own. And each
were armed with jawbreakers, really putting the hurt onto the thugs.
Copy cats, they were more and more each day and each acted rasher than the ones before. At
least these ones looked like they knew what they were doing.
I watched as they fought through the thugs, each wannabe had skill and some level of
fighting skill. The thugs had weapons, and though at times it looked like I had to intervene,
the copycats handled themselves pretty well.
"We don't need you people here!" the biggest copycat yelled out as he socked a thug across
the jaw throwing his unconscious body into his friend's open arms, "spread the word, this
place is protected by the Web Warriors!"
The thugs carried their unconscious and ran away, crying out for their lives. I watched as the
'Web Warriors' celebrated their victory, high fiving each other and cheering loudly. I sighed,
guess it was time I showed myself.
"What do you think you're doing?" I asked out loud as I crawled down the side of a building.
"S-Spider-man?!" one cried out as they all turned to get a good look at me.
"Oh my God, it really is you," the giant leader came forward looking like he just woke up and
it was Christmas, "HI-I'm Chad sir, it's an honor to meet you."
I narrowed my eyes, "did you just tell me your real name?"
"We-well, yeah, I mean-"
"-Shut it," I hissed jumping off the wall and landing before them. They all gasped in awe my
landing, but I ignored them, instead I focused on Chad, "never tell anyone you're real name.
That is why you wear a mask in the first place."
"Yes sir," he nodded quickly.
"And don't call me sir," I spat looking at them, "I saw what you did...impressive."

"Alright!" they cheered.
"Which is why I'm giving you all one chance, drop the vigilante shit and go home," I warned
them, "this isn't the world you want to see yourself in, trust me."
"W-what do you mean?! You said it yourself, we did great tonight!" Chad argued.
"If you're going to fight crime that's fine," I shot a web line onto the roof, "but don't do it in
my name or wearing my symbol. I won't have your fucking deaths on my hands."
"What gives you the right?!" Chad asked sounding betrayed.
I looked at him, "simple, I'm not wearing hockey pads. Get a new name, and a new symbol,"
I leaped into the air and swung away leaving the gang of copy cats looking pissed and
confused.
I knew I should have told them to stop fighting crime all together, but if I did that I would be
nothing more than a hypocrite. They were adults, well some of them look like they are adults.
They can make their own choices, I just didn't want them dying trying to act like me.
I swung around the city for a while, I found a few muggings to stop and one car chase near
Harlem. But after a while it began to get late, I was about to go home when I noticed
something flying through the sky, coming right at me.
I recognized him right away, I leaped onto the building roof and landed in waiting for Tony to
catch up.
He slowly however before me in what looked like a brand new suit. It looked bigger and
redder than all the others. I whistled, "damn Tony, nice suit."
He cut the power to his thrusters and landed before me. He stood up straight and popped open
the head plate showing his face, "thanks, been working on it for a while."
"So?" I sat down on the roof ledge, "what can I help you with?"
"Nothing much, just saw you doing your thing, thought I should say hello," Tony leaned
down next to me as we looked at the city.
"It's quite tonight," I told him.
"I doubt this city is ever quite."
"No, it is," I nodded, "once you see the city at it' loudest, nights like this seem like nothing," I
turned to him, I could smell fear rolling off him, but not the kind you feel when being
attacked, it was more subtle, like a memory of something, it took me a few moments, but I
figured it out, "how have you been holding up?"
"What do you mean?" he asked.

"I know PTSD when I see it Tony, you can lie to Pepper and everyone else all you want, but
not to me," I pushed the attitude a little, cocky, I know, but I need him to address his issues.
"I...I'm getting better," Tony admitted, "I'm tinkering with a lot of new ideas, it helps me
think."
"Good," I nodded, "if you ever need to talk, I'm here."
"Aren't I supposed the mature adult?"
I laughed, "yeah, sure."
"So, how's your summer been?" Tony asked.
"No bad. Fought an alien army, so that's pretty cool. Oh, I also got my dad's old car. It's a
piece of junk, but I managed to make something off it."
Tony nodded, "nice. My dad never used to give me anything, it's rare fatherly love."
"You never used to get gifts?" I raised an eyebrow.
"Birthday or otherwise," Tony shrugged, "he always said I needed to earn them, not just
received them."
"Sounds like a complicated man," I whispered.
"He's kind of a dick."
"I think mine was worse," I chuckled.
"How so?"
"He…." I looked at Tony, I knew a lot of things about this man, but one thing I knew for sure
was that he was loyal to a fault. He wouldn't betray those he cared about and I would like to
think I was one of them. So I sighed and spoke, "my powers came to be because he
experimented on me as a baby."
Tony's eyes narrowed dangerously, "what?"
"He was a genius, his work revolves around the super soldier serum Cap was experimented
on. I don't know the details, but he experimented on my blood, making it...more. I don't know
what he did to me, but I do know I'm this way because of him."
"Fuck," Tony spat out looking enraged, he looked at me and slowly rage gave way to pity,
"Peter I'm sorry that...that this happened to you."
I shrugged, "neah, don't worry about it. It's because of him I ended up a superhero. Figured he
did something good."
"He experimented on his own child-"

"-I'm assuming," I cut in, "I….I don't know for sure."
Tony looked at me before sighing, "well...then find out."
I looked at him, "I..." I sighed and nodded, "yeah, I think I should." I owe Peter that much.
He would want to know the truth. I opened my helmet revealing my face to Tony, "could you
help me out?"
Tony raised an eyebrow, "what do you need?"
"I did research a little about him in the Baxter building with Sue Storm, but we haven't
managed to figure what he did after college. He graduated, got a doctorate, but other than
that, nothing. Absolutely nothing. No record of him anywhere. I was thinking maybe if you
had the time-"
"Hack into SHIELD and use their resource to find out about your dad without alerting Fury
or anyone else? Sure," Tony grinned.
I thanked Tony and wished him a goodnight. The next day I woke up bright and early and
drove downtown with Ben in the DeLorean. We arrived at a field of storage containers, each
with a number painted onto the sheds in bright orange.
I parked the car and we walked into the field. I looked around, not many cameras in here, just
a few around the corners.
"So which one was it?" I asked Ben.
"342," Ben pointed down the rows of containers, "right there."
We stopped in front of storage number 342, it looked like the average container, big metal
lock, rusted shutters. Ben kneeled down and quickly unlocked it, lifting the shutters open
revealing what I can only describe as a mess.
It looked like a hoarder's wet dream. So many pieces of junk gathered in one place. There
were clothes, male and female, computer parts, vials of experiments, mountains upon
mountains of papers, pictures, furniture and what looked like a kid's cot.
"After they died I had their stuff moved into his storage space," Ben told me as he walked up
to the small cot, "this was yours, when you were just a kid."
I nodded as I looked around, the books were all extremely advanced, something Reed would
read for a bit of light reading. Mostly genetics, but a little of quantum physics was mixed in
there as well.
I looked to the computers. They were all broken into pieces, but I found their hard drives
intact and I think I could probably still use these.
I put them away and then began looking through the various books and papers lying about.
Ben just left me too it, walking outside to take a call. I worked through all the documents
until I found the ones that dated around the time Richard's started college.

I gathered them all up, even a few books that I thought would be useful and walked outside. I
found Ben looking at a photo album, peering over his shoulder I spotted a tiny Peter Parker
being held by his parents.
"They didn't want to go," Ben admitted looking teary eyed, "they hated the idea of leaving.
Mary was sure something bad was going to happen. Richard didn't believe her but….I guess
she was right."
I looked at the picture, the man didn't look like a mad scientist out to create a monster. He
looked like a loving husband and a caring father. He wasn't the man who made monsters. And
I had to prove his innocence.
"I'm done uncle Ben, we can go," I told him.
"Right," Ben shut the album and handed it to me, "we can show this to your aunt, she would
love to see it."
I nodded in agreement. Ben locked he shutter door behind us and I drove us back home. Once
there I locked myself inside my basement lab and began working on hooking up Richard's
hard drive into my computer.
After fighting about for a while, the hard drive was an older model, I managed to get the
thing to fit, booting it up.
I leaned back and watched as my computer transfer the files over, scanning everything and
putting them into my drive.
When it was done I began searching through the files, looking for Richard's research papers. I
found a lot of college essays, a few email chains and deep inside the folders I found some
porn. Terrible nineties porn. But hey, at least now I can say for sure that Peter's love of
redheads came from his dad.
But finally I found something. I locked folder hidden deep within the files. I tried opening it
up, but I found that it needed a security code, 10 letters, and not one more. I had one try to
get it right.
I put in everything I could, my name, my mother's maiden name, birthday's, even tried the
old German scientist that gave Cap his serum. Then when looking through the old books he
had I found Richard had a love of Charles Dickens, I tried shortening the name and putting it
in, but again, nothing.
I was frustrated, he would need to put the password down, right? This was possibly his life's
work, he wouldn't risk not having access to it. I myself had a safety feature on my computer
in the Baxter building that allowed Johnny or Sue to use the terminal if I'm not around to
grant them access.
So...I turned to the stack of books and notes I took from the storage space. He started his
genetic theories in college, meaning he created this file during the time. The passcode could
be in here somewhere.

I picked up the books and scrolled through them, trying to find any particular word
underlined. Finding nothing more than scribbles from a college student cramming for last
minute, I tossed his college books aside and turned to his notes.
I found his handwriting unreadable, guess that's genetic too huh? He did take very detailed
notes, formulas upon formulas. I wasn't much of a bio guy, focusing more on machines with a
hint of chemistry, but I did understand what he was trying to make.
It was the basic chain of testosterone, and he had altered it in such a way that this new strain
will allow the user to bulk up up to three times their muscle mass almost instantly. And it was
based on a genetic code he obtained from spiders. Guess even back then the Parker family
had a thing for spiders.
I had seen such an application before, Venom, not the evil version of Spider-man, no, I mean
the green thing Bane used to beat down Batman.
This was the basic strain that Richard played with, but, it seemed he based his entire paper
around this chain. He did eventually give up on it, but….nobody forgot their first theory, I
know I still held love for the SA, I even used it as my password, we'll part of it.
He had a nickname for it, 'STR-SPIDER', perfect. I kept the notes besides me as I put in the
password. And just like that, it was unlocked.
There were dozens of folders on it, I began the slow process of looking through them all. I
found the oldest one dated to just after he left college. I opened it and found various video
files. Clicking one I leaned back and watched the video play.
It came on to show a lab with test tubes and other scientific instruments on a table and a chair
before them. A young man with brown hair came into frame, it was Richard Parker, my dad.
"Recording of day 1," I spoke with a voice eerily familiar to my own, "I joined a private
research la today, I'm not permitted to list its name, the risk of discovery is too high and these
people take security very importantly. I was introduced to everyone and was given my own
lab to work in. I'm not sure when I can record next, hopefully it will be soon."
The next recording was a month after that. I opened it up;
"It's been a month since I last recorded. I found out what I have to do and...I'm honestly
ecstatic," he grinned, "the chance of a lifetime, to recreate what Dr. Abraham Erskine made
so many years ago! I started working on what little super soldier serum data that is available,
mostly just written down notes though. I found that the spider serum which I devised isn't
what Erskine had in mind, sadly I had to scrap that train of thought."
The next video was made the very next day. This time Richard looked red in the face as he
wiped his drenched hair with a towel;
"So I meet my partner today," he smiled like a fool, "Mary Fitzpatrick, specializes in genetic
splicing, damn that woman's amazing. I swear she's my soulmate, red hair, perfect smile, and

that ass! Oh God that ass!" I rolled my eyes, yup, he's Peter's dad alright, "I'm not sure how
she feels about me but...oh I'm excited!"
The next video was a year later;
"Mary found something interesting," Richard looked serious, "a manifest down in the
archives that many looked over. An author's name wasn't listed, it was about how one could
alter the body's cells to accept modifications done to it. Brilliant book, most people here have
been using it as a guide for a long time. But Mary had a different theory, that it was more
than just a guide. That-"
"Parker? Are you in there?" a woman's voice brought Richard short.
"Here Mary," he immediately shut off the camera.
The next video was made a month after that;
"We have been working on a new formula, one based on the book Mary found," Richard
looked exhausted, but he still smiled, "like I was saying, we believe the book was written by
none other than Dr. Abraham Erskine himself. We noticed the way he wrote was extremely
similar, meaning that this book could have the answers we were looking for," he chuckled,
"oh, and on a side note, I finally got Mary to go on a date with me. So that's nice."
The next was nearly a year later, and this time Mary was in the frame with Richard as well;
"Things aren't looking good," Richard looked more tired than I have ever seen him, "we were
able to crack half the code of the super soldier formula. We brought it to Herbert and...I
should have listened to you Mary," he sighed, Mary wrapped a hand around his and squeezed.
"We made a terrible mistake," Mary continued, "these people weren't who they said they
were. People are disappearing, our colleges, anyone who is involved with this project. We are
leaving the first thing tomorrow. I have contacted the government and asked for assistance. I
don't know what's going to happen now."
And the next recording was three years later. The frame was not inside a well furnished living
room that struck a sword in my head. I remembered that place, it was...it was my house.
Richard and Mary came into view, looking much older. And in Mary's arms was a little baby
boy with brown hair and a red pacifier.
My eyes widened as I touched the screen, that was….Peter...woah. Richard and Mary sat
down on the south before the camera, little Peter was jumping up and down in Mary's arms,
the woman could barely hold him down as she smiled and waved him gently.
Richard smiled at his family before turning to the sighing, "I prayed I would never have to
use this camera again…..they found us. I don't know how, but they did. People have been
following Mary and I all week. They want the formula, I just know it. We perfected it half a
year ago, but now...it can't ever get into their hands. We have to make sure they can never get
their hands on it."

Mary passed the baby into Richard's hands and turned to the camera, "we are putting the
videos into Richard's old computer along with enough evidence to target the man we believe
is behind all of this. We pray this gets into the right hands, and that we don't cause a war that
could possibly end the human race as we know it."
And the video ended. It was the last one. I cursed and quickly began to look through all the
files they had kept with these things. There were documents of land ownership, bank
statements, photos of a shady looking lab and even a handful of pictures of a guy with black
hair and a thick beard.
All of them were pertaining to one man, Herbert Wyndham. A simple Google search told me
a lot about him. Geneticist, of course he was, father was German and mother was Italian. He
came to America for college and worked for, you guessed it, a mysterious private lab.
He eventually did leave the country, setting up base in Italy. He gave a couple of guest
lectures from time to time, and from what I read he charged a lot for that privilege, guess
that's how he keeps the water running.
He looked old, older than uncle Ben, he didn't have an address listed, but he did have a
scheduled appearance in a week's time in a college for a lecture about genetic enhancements
being the future of humankind.
I tapped my chin, this was a mystery, and I loved mysteries. Well, not really, but when it was
this juicy, I couldn't resist. I needed to find out what this man knew, I could interrogate him as
Spider-Man, but...if Peter Parker was seen traveling to Italy and then some guy interrogates
Leister, well you don't need to be a genius to figure that out.
I needed to sneak into Italy, I need...well, I need a private jet. I looked at the clock it was
nearing midnight, perfect.
I picked up my phone and dialed in Tony's number. He picked up within seconds, "Heya
Spider. What can I do you for?"
"Can I ask you a favor?" I asked him with a smile.
A week later:
Felicia and Ben were with my at Stark's private air strip. Yeah, that guy has his own landing
strip. Frankly I'm not even surprised anymore.
"Are you sure you have to do this Peter?" Ben asked looking sad, "I thought you were happy
at the Baxter building?" I told him and May I was going with Tony to visit the Stark factory
in Italy, get a feel of the tech they make there, which of course was a lie.
"I am uncle Ben, I'm honestly just curious as to what Mr. Stark makes," I shrugged, "relax,
I'll be fine. I'm with freaking Ironman aren't I?"
"And that's what I'm worried about," Ben grumbled, "trouble follows that man like a magnet"

"-And I'm sure Peter will duck and hide when it gets dangerous, won't you honey?" Felicia
winked.
"Yes sweetie, I promise," I smiled.
"I still don't understand how you got to meet the Tony Stark," Ben said looking over at Tony
who was waiting for me by his private jet stairs.
"I told you, he's a friend of Sue's, I asked her for a favor," I shrugged, "relax uncle Ben, I
promise I'll be fine."
Ben sighed, "alright, if you're sure." He gave me a hug, "just stay safe, okay slugger?"
I stepped back and nodded, "promise."
"Good, now, I'll leave you two alone," Ben winked at me and walked away and into his car.
I turned to Felicia, "I think May's convinced him to get a wedding place fixed."
Felicia shrugged, "yeah, I figured," she looked at me with narrowed eyes, "what's this about
Tiger? And don't give me that bullshit about it being a factory visit, I ain't that stupid."
I smirked, "I wasn't going to lie to you Kitten," I sighed, "it's...it's personal."
"I'm your fucking girlfriend, I handle personal," she hissed.
"I know," I nodded, "I promise, when I get back I'll tell you everything. But I need to do this
first, and I need to do it alone," I meet her stare and eventually she backed down with a sigh.
"Fine, but I swear to God, next time you're taking me with you," she hissed, "and you're
buying me shoes from Italy, got that? And not the cheap ones, I mean really expensive black
ones."
I smirked, "promise," I wrapped my arms around her hips and pulled her in for a kiss. She
hummed into our mouths and slowly pulled away, "I'll be home soon."
"Go get 'em Tiger," Felicia smiled. I chuckled, she has no idea how much she sounds like MJ
right now.
I see her get into Ben's car and the two of them drive away. I quickly walk into Tony's jet and
sat down next to him.
"Questions?" he asked sipping from a glass of whiskey.
"Nothing I couldn't handle," I shrugged as slowly the plane's doors shut and they began to get
ready to take off, "just wanted to know why I was going."
"You know you never did tell me why you wanted this," Tony lifted an eyebrow.
"You're right, I didn't," I shrugged, remaining silent to the unasked question.

"You know, I could turn this plane around," he threatened, "all I would have to do is tell the
pilot and we won't budge an inch. You'll just have to find another way there, maybe Thor can
give you a lift or maybe-"
"My dad and mom worked on the super soldier serum," I cut in, there was no point in not
telling him. He would be so annoying for the rest of the trip if I didn't.
"I'm sorry? Aren't they a little...young?"
"Not the original one, I mean they worked on recreating the serum, and," I sighed, "I think
they succeeded."
Tony looked at my arms, "is that what he put into you?"
I nodded, "a version of it, I think. But something was wrong, the people they worked for
weren't good people. My parents were afraid of them, so they went into hiding, and they
died."
Tony looked at his drink and swirled the amber liquid around, "and this includes our trip to
Italy how?"
"The head researcher, Herbert Wyndham, they thought he was after them. He's in Italy."
"Well then, let's go find him," Tony smiled.
"No."
"No?"
"No, this is personal, Tony Stark can't be seen with Wyndham, he's too important to spook
away. I'll do it, myself."
"In red and black?"
"No, I think a ski mask will work just as well. No one needs to know I'm there."
"So you needed my jet to make sure there's no record of you entering the country, right?"
Tony asked. I nodded, he smiled, "always wanted to be a international human trafficker."
We arrived in Italy in ten hours. Tony managed to sneak me out through airport security and
we ended up driving to the university that Windham was scheduled to lecture at.
The streets of Rome were amazing, so beautiful and full of life. There were people
everywhere, street artists, musicians and of course, cute girls in short skirts. Sigh, nice.
Tony dropped me off before deciding to actually do something useful and check out his
factory in Italy. I told him I would call if I needed help.
I walked into the campus and cautiously looked around, people there were older, much older
than me, but thanks to my height I don't think people would think I didn't belong.

I managed to sneak into the lecture hall where Windham was to give his speech, and just as I
sat down near the back, away from the students, he walked in.
His speech was in Italian, obviously. I had difficulty following it, but I did, good thing I
actually picked up some Italian huh?
His lecture was ingenious to say the least. Honestly, this guy could give Sue a run for her
money, but then again he is like sixty years older than her. I would like the guy too, if I didn't
think he had something to do with Peter's parent's death.
At the end he excused himself and walked out. I followed him as he spoke to the principal of
the college and a couple of students. The man shook hands, gave a few career advices and
then collected his pay cheque and left.
I followed him closely as he walked out of the college, I did what I was trained to do by
SHIELD, be an agent. Nat thought my stealth skills needed work, she kept picking me out of
a crowd, but she was an international spy, Wyndham was just an old man.
He got into a car and took off into the streets, I threw a spider shaped tracker onto the bonnet
of his car and watched him drive away.
That night I followed the tracker to his house. I was dressed in a black ski mask and clothes
with some of Felicia's burglary tools. I asked her for them, she didn't even ask why. God I
love that woman.
He had alarms, silent dangerous ones, the best money can buy. I connected my SA to his
phone lines, accessing his wifi, and through that I managed to hack into his security system
and shut it all down. Yeah, I'm so getting better at this.
Using one of Felicia's laser glass cutters I managed to sneak inside without a sound. I crawled
along the ceiling and towards the living room which still had its lights on. I slowly pushed the
door open just a crack to peep inside.
The study was old fashioned, shelves of books lining the walls and two chairs next to an open
fire place. Wyndham was sitting in one looking at the flames as he sipped his glass of wine. I
looked around, he had a computer on his desk near the back.
I creeped into the study and wall crawled my way onto the other side of the room. I made
sure not to make a single sound as I slowly crawled down the wall and approached the
computer. I took out a copy drive that could scan and copy all the files in the computer and
inserted it into the computer.
"So, are you just going to leave without saying goodbye?" Wyndham suddenly asked.
I immediately tucked underneath his desk and stayed still. How did he know?! I was like
fucking on the walls! I sniffed the air, no fear, just curiosity came from the man. And slight
confusion. He wasn't sure. I kept quiet, hopefully he thought he was just losing his mind.

The old man didn't say a thing, I heard him get up from his seat and walk towards the door, "I
know you are here my dear, you can come out."
I popped my head out and saw him leave, did he think I was someone else? Most likely. I
turned to the drive and found it glowing green, it had done its work. I snatched it up and put it
away safely. I got ready to leave when I heard something move, something big.
"I can't keep living like this!" a woman's cry came out. I was curious. I sneaked to the door
and slowly opened it giving me a clear line of sight to the kitchen.
"You must, you know the dangerous people who are after you, interpole, SHIELD,"
Wyndham spat out the last name. I moved in closer and suddenly a young woman with black
hair and a tall busty figure walked into my frame of sight.
"I don't care, they don't even know I'm alive!"
"And if they do they will kill you!" Wyndham yelled out, "and then what will you be?!"
"I'll be free!" the woman's accent was clearly American, what was she doing in Italy?
"Your father didn't want this for you," Wyndham said gently, "he asked me to keep you safe
and that's what I'm going to do."
"Keeping me locked up isn't keeping me safe!"
"I know, I know...just give me some time, soon you'll be safe, and then you can do whatever
you wish."
"And until then?"
"Until then, you have studying to do young lady," Wyndham smiled, "have you finished the
assignment I set out for you?"
"Yeah, I-" she paused and sniffed the air. She looked around curiously before slowly landing
her eyes on me. Fuck. "What the hell?!"
She leaped at me, clearing 20 feet in a single bound as she tackled me through the door and
pinned me down on the ground. I kicked her off, tossing her through the air. She landed on
the wall and was stuck there.
I paused looking at her, she could stick onto walls?!
"Who the hell are you?" she hissed.
I jumped onto my feet, "I'm Pikachu," I need to get out of here, to many unknown variables. I
ran to the door, but she jumped into my way. I ducked under a kick and dodged her follow up.
I jumped back and engaged in hand to hand combat, she was trained, every strike looked like
it was going for the kill, but her execution was shit, Nat would be appealed. I grabbed her
arm and threw her over my shoulder.

She landed easily but before she could attack my first met her guy, making her buckle over in
pain.
"Sorry beautiful, I have a date and I can't miss it," I jumped towards the window and crashed
through it, running out into Wyndham's garden, I saw trees up ahead, I could lose them in
there.
"Get back here!" the woman cried out as she leaped out and chased after me. I cursed seeing
her catching up, I was running around 20 miles an hour, how the hell is she matching my
speed?!
"Can't you just let me go? I swear all I wanted to do was ask you out!" I threw a joke in while
thinking about her. She had my powers, agility and endurance. Clone? No, to different, no
brown hair. Anyone who knew anything about genes knew that if you wanted to get the same
results you needed to use the same genetic sequence, meaning she isn't my clone.
I reached the forest and leaped onto the trees, jumping from branch to branch.
"Oh no you don't!" she yelled as she leaped up and followed me. Damn, what is this girl?! I
leaped onto a branch when suddenly a flash of green energy cam flying through the dark
night, destroying the branch, sending me flying down into the ground without any support.
Lucky I landed in a squat, I was about to take off again when she launched herself at me,
shoving me into the ground, pinning my arms down.
"You aren't going anywhere asshole!" she grinned victoriously. I tried pushing her back but
was surprised by her strength, she wasn't normal.
I looked up at her, green eyes similar to that energy beam she shoot of. Energy beam...no,
electricity, bio-electric energy, exactly like….oh fuck me.

Mature theme ahead. Also last time I am putting this here. So if you don't like mature
things like this that you should probably stop reading.

"Jessica?" I asked in utter shock.
She looked at me in surprise, "how did you know my name?"
"I-I," I looked at her and slowly the world began to die away, I felt something pull inside of
me. I felt my body heat up, reacting to her. I smelt maple syrup slowly roll off her body, I
could smell her lust.
"W-what's happening," she hissed as slowly she let up on her grip around my arm. I could see
her eyes clouding in lust.

"I-I don't," I felt myself get hard, it was involuntary. I reached up to her face and cupped it, I
growled feeling an overwhelming sense of lust take me over. And from the way she looked at
me, I knew she felt the same.
She kissed me, if ever anyone asked me, I would always swear to that. She kissed me. Her
hands went under my shirt as her tongue tried to clean my mouth. She humped my groin as
my hands automatically went to her ample behind.
I gave it a spank, she moaned. I tried pulling back, but I could feel lust rolling out from me,
so much I felt like I was drowning. My breathing got harder, I smelt her scent, it
was...intoxicating.
I rolled her around, getting on top of her. Her hands reached for my pants, I could feel myself
grow in excitement, it was just like….oh my God, Felicia!
I felt a rush of pure shame and rage come rising up. I pulled myself out of the lust induced
craze I found myself in. I broke the kiss, she looked at me surprised ad in a husky lust filled
voice like that of a lover she asked, "what's wrong?"
"I have a girlfriend, sorry," I sent a small amount of bioelectricity through my arms and into
her rain soaked clothes.
She jerked in shock and I leaned away, quickly running away as fast as I could. I turned
around and saw her getting back on her feet, looking confused, guess she was finally
snapping out of it as well.
She didn't follow me, I ended up on a highway and called Tony to get someone to pick me
up. As I waited for his car I went through what just happened.
She was like a drug, I couldn't even be in her presence without an overwhelming desire to rip
her clothes off and mount her like a dog. It was...primal. And the only thing I could think off
that could do something like that were pheromones.
Jessica Drew, I was sure it was her. She had the powers and the skills to match. But why did I
react to her like that? The original Peter Parker never had a problem with Jessica and….oh
shit. I'm not the same Peter Parker am I?
I have Jessica's powers too, or at least a portion of it. I can't manipulate pheromones like she
could, but I can detect them. So that means….it's like Cindy Moon all over again.
Cindy Moon was bitten by the same spider that bit Peter. Whenever she and Peter meet they
couldn't keep their hands off each other. It was a serious problem. Could the same thing be
happening with me and Jessica? Since I have similar powers to hers and they both involve
pheromone?
It was possible. But why was she there with Wyndham? Wyndham….how do I know that
name? I'm now wondering if this man had a bigger role to play in all off this. Jessica was
controlled by Hydra before she became a hero, meaning Wyndham is HYDRA, meaning
Peter's parents….used to work for HYDRA….FUCK!

Chapter End Notes

Phase 2 has begun. This is where people are borken...meaning Peter will face things he
won't be ready for...the beginning of the end.
Look...I'm going to be doing plot lines that are...risky to say the least. I want to remind
you of two things: 1. so far I have provided you with a nice story. 2: I do somewhat
know what I'm doing. So trust me, I have no wish to ruin my own story.
No, I'm not killing off Peter or Felicia, shesh, I'm not GRR Martin. No...but this will be
a difficult time, emotionally speaking. Hint hint.
Also marvel shouldn't have retconned ;(
PS Sorry for not updating lately. Yesterday was my birthday and I got a new PC so now
I don't have to do updates on a slow AF 6 year old laptop. Next fic to be updated is
gonna me The Game and after that World of Magic which seems to be the fan favorite
fic. I'll also update 2 chapters on this fic and The Game before I leave for vacation on
thanksgiving. PCE

Chapter 23
Chapter Summary

READ THE END NOTE ITS VERY VERY IMPORTANT. EVEN IF YOUR
READING THIS IN THE FUTURE PLEASE READ THE END NOTE.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"So, what did you find?" Tony asked the moment I walked in.
I held up the flash drive, "let's find out." Tony motioned to his work station. I found a port on
the side of the table and put the drive in. Immediately the screen began to display the files.
Tony quickly took hold, searching through the files. He looked focused, like really focused. I
watched as he scanned through the files quicker than I ever could before suddenly stopping
on one file.
He took a step back, "what's subject-D?"
I sighed, "fuck me."
"You know?"
I nodded, "it's a program I stopped a few months ago while working an assignment for
SHIELD. A couple of scientist were forced to recreate a genetic mutation, they were forced
to experiment on children."
"How do you force someone do experiment on children?"
"You threaten their family and friends," I shrugged, "I managed to put an end to it, but...it
was too late. A lot of kids died before that….I don't understand though, what does a child
experimentation ring in New York have to do with an old scientist in Italy?"
"If it was Wyndham, who's a top rank genetesis, then I would wager they used his principles
in their experiments. From what you told me, it would be perfect," Tony began typing away
at the computer before sighing, "okay, good news and bad news. What do you want first?"
"Good news?"
"Okay, I found a Ghost drive," Tony pulled up a locked folder, "it's labeled, 'Super Serum'
project, but-"

"-Let me guess, the bad news is that you can't open it," I sighed, "can't you like, decode it or
something?"
"Can't, it's a corrupted file," Tony pulled up the image of a jigsaw puzzle, "only half the
pieces are here, the rest are missing. Only with the second half will the file even open."
"So you can't even open it because the files simply don't exist," I sighed in realisation.
Tony nodded, "exactly, but there are plenty of other files we haven't looked through yet. Want
to give it a shot?"
I nodded, we spent the night looking through his notes but couldn't find anything solid
linking him to the scientists I busted. It was a waste.
The next day Tony flew us back home. I thanked him profusely for helping me out, he didn't
mind, after all he got to spend some time away from the lab and away from his PTSD. I tried
to tell him to talk to a shirk, but I don't think he really listened to me at all.
When I came back home I found Ben and May there to greet me. I told them all about my
trip, details Tony and I agreed upon beforehand, and for the most part they bought it, luckily
for me. That night I went downstairs to my lab and inputted the data from Wyndham's
computer, comparing his notes with Peter's parent's.
As I did so I heard my basement window slide open, I turned around and suddenly guilt filled
my heart as I saw Felicia shimmy inside.
She landed before me with a smile, "hey Tiger." I smiled, I couldn't help myself. I stood up
and walked up to her. "So, when did-hm?!"
Her sentence was muffled as I wrapped my arms around her and pushed her onto the
basement bed, kissing her in a desperate attempt to ripe away the feeling of Jessica's tongue
out of my mind.
She moaned into my kiss before slowly pushing me back, "I didn't know you missed me that
much."
"Oh you have no idea," I gave her kiss on her forehead, "Italy was hell."
"Why?"
I sighed, guess it was time to come clean. I told her everything, about how my parent's were
involved with my powers, how their experimentations somehow gave me my powers and
how I went to Italy to find the man who might be responsible for their deaths.
Felicia listened silently all the while, sitting next to me, holding my hand. At the end she
sighed, "I...I guess I understand why you wanted to do this alone, but Peter," she slapped my
up the head, "you were planning on breaking into someone's house and you didn't even think
of asking me?!"

I rubbed my head sheepishly, "sorry. But," I ran to my desk and grabbed a black cardboard
box and gave it to her, "I got you a gift."
She opened it and grinned at the sight of two expensive looking black leather boots with
silver lining along the side. "Okay, I guess I can forgive you." she giggled.
I smiled, but slowly I remembered the reason I felt so guilty, why I insisted on buying the
most expensive pair of boots Tony could find. Why I nearly went broke buying them. Jessica
Drew.
I shouldn't tell her, I know this, but lying to her isn't how one keeps a relationship stable, I
know that for a fact. I took a deep breath and sighed, "Felicia, there's...something else."
Felicia looked worried, "what?"
"When I was in Wyndham's place I….I ran into this girl," I paused, "she was like me."
"Like you? What do you mean?"
I looked at her, "she had the same powers I have. She's also the one whose powers I
obtained," I sent a spark out off my fingertips, showing her my blue bio-electricity.
"She has spider powers?!" Felicia looked amazed.
I nodded, "yeah. She could climb walls, fast, strong, and I think...I think she can do the
pheromones thing as well, and...go a step above."
Felicia narrowed her eyes, "what do you mean?"
"She can control the pheromones of other people," I admitted, "make them angry, sad,
happy...and I think we might have been affected by it."
"We?"
I blushed, "she ah, she kind of kissed me," Felicia raised one silver eyebrow, "I didn't kiss her
back! I swear! She kissed me and I was like completely shocked and then I don't know
happened her powers must have gone haywire or something because the next thing I know
she's trying to strip me and I was out of it!"
"So...what you're saying is she drugged you?"
I winced, "yeah...please don't be mad, I didn't really want to."
She was silent, silent for a long time. She looked up me with hate filled eyes, "did you kiss
her back?"
"No, never," I felt broken inside, in this entire life my relationship with Felicia is the one
thing I knew I could say was mine. Everything else Peter could have done on his own,
everything, but her? She was the one choice I made because I actually fell for her. The only
one, and to see her go, I don't think-

Felicia got up, I was scared stiff, I prayed she wasn't going to leave. She walked up to me, I
begged God, the One above all, Stan Lee, anyone who was listening to make her stay. And
suddenly I found her arms wrapped around me and her head resting on my shoulders.
"I'm not going to leave you because some Italian bitch kissed you Peter," she whispered, "did
you really think I would do that?"
I couldn't help it, I felt relief wash over me, forcing tears of joy to blur my vision as I
wrapped my arms around her, "losing you is something I don't think I can live with Felicia.
Never you. I can quit being Spider-man before that."
Felicia didn't say a thing, she knew I didn't want her pity, just her forgiveness. She rubbed my
back and held onto her tight. I was acting like a child, I knew it, but for her, I would play the
fool for all my life if the need be.
She finally broke the hug and looked down at the shoes, "wait, is that why you brought me
such expensive shoes?"
I chuckled, "yeah."
"Huh, maybe you kissing other women might actually be a good thing," Felicia teased.
I rolled my eyes, "I hope not."
"So, are you going to show me what you found?" Felicia asked. I nodded and lead her to my
computer showing her all the files my dad had and what I got from Wyndham. I explained
what each file contained and even what the Ghost drive that Tony found.
"And that's pretty much it," I finished, "not much, but, at least I know my parents weren't
crazy."
"Hm," Felicia nodded as she looked at the screen intensely.
"What is it? See something?" I asked.
"Yes, that," she tapped a folder on my dad's hard drive, "what is that?"
I blinked and looked at the file, "it's his school papers."
"Why is it here?" she asked.
"Well, I think it's because he just put in everything he had on the super soldier serum onto the
drive here," I shrugged.
"But did he really start working on it at that age?" Felicia asked.
I nodded, "yeah he's kind of a genius, like yours truly," I grinned, clicking on the file trying to
open it, only for an error message to pop up. I blinked, "what the hell?" I read that the file
was corrupt and couldn't be open.

"You can't open it?" Felicia asked curiously.
"No, I can't," I hummed, "but...no way….no," I couldn't believe it. I dragged the file and
moved it to the ghost drive. I inputted the file into the date and suddenly a new message
popped up.
File complete, opening now….
My eyes went wide, "holy. Shit."
The file began to fix itself as slowly it opened up displaying hundred of hundreds of number
and formulas I had trouble following, but then a new screen popped up, one with the
HYDRA logo emblazoned on it in green.
"Shit!" I yelled, grabbed the main power cord to my computer and ripping it off.
"What was that?" Felicia asked.
"Something bad," I broke open my pc and tore apart all the parts, destroying the CPU and
motherboard with my increased strength before ripping the hard drive out. I then went to the
wifi router and tore the cables out, no need for the risk.
"Peter, what's going on?" Felicia asked in concern.
I looked at her, "something bad. That...that symbol, it was...it was HYDRA?"
Felicia looked confused, "you mean that nazi group Cap fought?"
I nodded, "yeah, the very same."
"What the hell does your dad have to do with a dead nazi group?!" Felicia asked.
I looked at her, "who told you they were dead?" I sighed turning to my hard drives, "I need to
bring this to Fury."
"Can SHIELD be trusted with something like this? Didn't they try to make weapons with that
glowing cube thingy?" Felicia asked. I smiled, she's way smarter than people ever give her
credit.
"Yes, they did...but if HYDRA comes for the drive it's best to leave it in SHIELD's hands
rather in mine, that way Ben, May, MJ and Liz won't be brought into the crossfire," I hissed,
"it's a risky call, I know, but….it's the only choice I have."
"You have his phone number or something?" Felicia asked.
I nodded, "something like that."
The Next Day:

"Are you sure you you want to do this?" I asked her for what must have been the hundredth
time.
"Yes Tiger, I told you, I'm your girlfriend, I'm not letting you do this alone," Cat huffed as she
adjusted her goggles and costume.
"But if you come with me-"
"-What? Fury will find out who I am? Please, I don't doubt he already has some idea. After
all that picture of us kissing is all over the place, heck, I saw MJ have a poster of it up on her
wall. He will know it's me, or at least have some idea. So don't even think about it Mr.
Spider."
I smiled, "yes ma'am." Doc continued to travel through the air. Slowly the clouds started to
part and I saw the helicarrier appear before me. It looked better than the last time I saw it,
though they still didn't have the retro-reflecting panels up and running, hence why they were
out here in the middle of the Atlantic rather than flying over cities.
"Hello? Is the...pilot of the flying car reading this? This is a restricted area, stop now or you
will be shoot down, this is your final warning," came a voice off the radio.
I sighed, I put on my helmet and turned on my communicator, "it's me, Spider-man.
Clearance code: I'm a fucking Avenger, let me on board."
"Ah, right, just give me a second," the voice went off before quickly turning, "you have been
given clearance to land, please use the upper strip near the entrance."
"Thanks, will do," I turned off the comms and slowly brought the car in for landing.
"This is so cool," Felicia whispered.
I smiled as I landed the car on the helicarrier and got out. Felicia followed me as we walked
towards the helicarrier entrance where Clint was waiting for us with quiver in back and bow
in hand.
"Hey Legolas! Nice to see you!" I grinned, waving at him.
"Spider," he rolled his eyes touching his communicator, "Fury, it's really him...yeah, I'll bring
him to you."
"So how's it going?" I asked as we walked in, the air pressure immediately lighter the
moment we stepped inside.
"Better, no norse Gods tried to take over my mind, so I would say it's been a good day so far,"
Clint looked at Cat, "so, is this a date?"
I shock my head, "sorry, this time it's strictly business."
We walked into main deck, it looked a lot better than the last time I saw it. I found Fury at the
helm putting in commands into his cosel. I looked over and spotted me, "you two are

supposed to be in school."
I shrugged, "are you crazy man? It's summer vacation!"
"So why aren't you in a mall with your girlfriend?"
"Something important came up, plus she's right there, so this is kind of like a date."
"No it isn't," Cat cut in.
Fury rolled his eyes, "look kid I don't have time for this, if you're going to show off for-"
"-My father worked for Hydra," I cut him off.
Fury paused, looking at me with his one good eye, "excuse me? Did you fail history kid?
Because HYDRA-"
"-Is alive," I stopped him. I reached into my backpack and took out my hard drive, "my
parents was working on something, before they died. I found the files, but when I tried to
access them, the HYDRA logo popped up. Now correct me if I'm wrong Cat, I am horrible at
remembering history, but didn't HYDRA get broken apart at the end of the second world
war?"
"They did," Felicia smiled, "meaning the only way their logo got onto a file made in the last
decade or so if they are still alive, or-"
"-Someone's using their name," I completed, "but either way, you need to have a look at this."
Fury looked at the drive and took it from my hands. He nodded, "you were right in bringing
this to me. I promise, I won't let anyone else get their hands on it."
"Good, and fury," I turned off the voice modulator and lowered my voice to a growl, "I put in
a kill virus inside that drive. If you even think of using the data inside that you'll fry your
entire system and that drive."
"Really?" he raised an unimpressed eyebrow.
"Yes," I growled back, "don't test me."
He chuckled, "don't' worry, I won't," he handed the drive off to a lab tech and turned to me,
"is there anything else?"
"No," I moved back activating the voice changer, "I'll see you at the next Avengers team up
or something."
Fury rolled his eyes, before landing on Felicia's costume, "is that the suit I gave you?"
I nodded, "yup."
"You took military hardware and gave it to a thief?" Fury asked with a raised eyebrow.

"Cap's a virgin, Tony's crazy, Nat's a killer, Clint's only trick is with a bow and arrow-"
"-Hey!" he protested.
"-And the Hulk can't raise his blood pressure, meaning no sex. We all aren't perfect," I
walked away with Felicia smirking by my side.
"And what about you?" Fury asked.
I looked over my shoulder, "I tend to lose my temper when people I trust betray me. See ya
Fury!"
Fury turned out Barton. The archer grumbled, "I hate that kid."
"Really?" Fury asked surprised.
Clint sighed, "he's just a pain in the ass."
"That he is," Fury sighed, "I have no idea how Agent Romanoff deals with him."
"She ah...she has a way with teenagers I guess," Clint shrugged, "you should see her with a
baby."
With me:
I flew up back into the city. "That went better than I thought," Cat admitted.
"Yeah, maybe," I sighed, "I just feel like giving him the drive was a mistake."
"You said it yourself, the safest hands are theirs...you weren't lying about the virus right?"
I shook my head, "no. It will fry their systems the moment they try anything. Shouldn't be a
problem. I'm guessing right now Fury has his best agents following my dad's trail, trying to
figure out what's he's working on."
"And when they figure out it's the super solider serum-"
"-They might try something...I really hope Fury isn't that stupid," I hissed.
I landed the car near an abandoned field in the outskirts of Queens. We changed into our
civilians clothes and I drove us in.
"So, what do you want to do today?" Felicia asked.
I smiled, "well, I have no plans. Any ideas?"
"Hm, how does shopping sound?"
I grinned, "sounds great."

I drove us to the closest mall and parked the car. Felicia practically dragged me into the
theater where we bought tickets for some romantic garbage movie. I hated it and Felicia,
while she would never admit it, loved these kinds of movies.
At the climax the hero was leaving for Chicago, his lover came to see him off in the train. He
waited until the last minute before jumping off and onto the platform. He should have broken
his ankles, but thanks to movie logic, his lover caught him in the last moment and they lived
happily ever after.
I walked out laughing, "why did he think jumping off a train would be a good idea?!"
"Oh stop it Peter, like you wouldn't do the same," Felicia huffed.
"Yeah, maybe, but like, come on, I have spider powers, that guy was just a human!"
"Still, it was such a romantic gesture."
I smiled, "so what? You want me to jump out of a train?"
"Oh no Mr, for me you better be jumping off of planes," Felicia smirked.
"Well I think I can-" I stopped. I felt it. A pull in my core, raw animal instinct clawing in my
mind to break free and fuck the woman who made me feel this way. It wasn't love, it was
fuckign lust, and I could smell maple syrup in the air.
"Peter? What's wrong?" Felicia asked curiously.
"I...I," I shook my head and looked around, "she's here."
"Who? Who's here?"
"Jessica Drew," I hissed as I looked around. Suddenly, my eyes landed on a figure wearing an
overcoat and a baseball hat standing off in the distance. We locked eyes and immediately I
knew it was her. I could feel it.
"There," I hissed, pointing at her.
Felicia stepped before me, "think you can control yourself Tiger?"
"I'm trying Kitten," I hissed, Jessica began walking towards us, "we need to run."
"Why? We can take her," Felicia argued.
"Not here, not in front of all these people," I hissed once again grabbing her wrist roughly
and pulling her away.
We ran to the stairs when Felicia pulled her hand away, "Peter stop! You're hurting me!"
"I'm sorry," I sighed, "I-I didn't-"
"It's fine," she rubbed her hand, "let's just get out of here."

I cursed, I wasn't thinking, I always had to be careful not to hurt someone with my strength,
but with half my mind occupied just trying not to fuck Jessica like a dog in heat, things are
getting difficult.
We reached the parking garage, we were all alone. We ran to my car, I saw a black figure
chasing after us, their image reflecting off the parked cars we passed by.
Suddenly the jumped onto the boot of a car and leaped at us. "Get back!" I cried out, pushing
Felicia to the side as Jessica landed on me.
I kicked her over my head and threw her far away. She landed on her feet and I landed on
mine. We looked at each other, I could feel the raw sexual tension seep into my bones, this
was really getting old.
She leaped forward and sent a kick at my head. I ducked under it and quickly began to fight
back, focusing on my training, on what Nat taught me.
It was like a dance, we knew each other's moves, or at least could predict it. My spider senses
were blaring, allowing me to avoid her hits while sending my own. We drew closer together, I
could feel her desire for me, but I ignored it and she did soo as well.
She sent a punch at my ribs, I felt one bruise, I kneed her in the gut before sending an elbow
swing at her face. She blocked the elbow and sent a fist to my face that felt like a hammer
came down on my nose.
Jessica was trained, every attack she could block, every kick she could deflect, but she wasn't
used to fighting someone like me. Someone who matched her agility, something I'm betting
she abused every fight he got into to get her the advantage.
So I did what anyone would do, I cheated.
She threw a punch, I moved to the side, grabbed her by the hip and threw her across the
parking lot. She got back on her feet, when she looked up just in time to see a bolt of blue
energy coming for her head.
"Fuc-" it hit her with enough force to sending her flying back into a car.
I panted, "damn."
"You okay?" Felicia asked.
"Just a little banged up," I hissed, I turned to Jessica and found her slowly getting up from the
wrecked car door. The car alarm was blaring, she growled and slammed her fist into the bony,
crushing the speaker system inside.
"Why are you here," I hissed.
"You stole something from me," she growled back, she was far away, the sexual attraction I
usually felt wasn't there.

"I don't know what you mean," I lied.
"No point playing dumb, I know it was you," she narrowed her eyes, "you even smell the
same."
'So she can detect pheromones as well,' I noted before speaking, "yeah? So what? I only took
what belonged to me."
Jessica blinked, "what?"
"Wyndham isn't who you think he is Jessica, he isn't a good guy, he's a monster and he works
for monsters," I hissed, "he killed my parents, he left me an orphan and he did it for power.
To get the power to raise an army of humans like us, to make them his weapons...like he's
obviously done to you."
"W-what are you talking about?!" Jessica hissed, "Wyndham is a good man! A friend of my
father's! He took care of me when no one else would! When I-I-"
"Do you know what he used your blood for?" I asked her. Jessica met my gaze, "He took
your blood samples didn't he? Did he ever tell you what it's for?"
"I-I….it was to get me a cure," Jessica said quietly.
"No Jessica, it was to replicate your powers," I stood up straight, "he had his men experiment
on children Jessica, children. They died, all in the effort of creating more people like you,
like us. Do you know how many children they killed? Do you? 31, and it would have been 32
if I didn't stop them!"
"Y-you're lying!" Jessica roared, "he wouldn't do that!"
"Ask him!" I spat back, "Ask him what the lab at Hunts Point was doing! Ask him what he
did with your blood! Ask him the names of the 31 children he murdered!"
Jessica looked like she was going to murder me. She charged roaring in rage. Her hands
began to glow green with energy as she began to wing wildly at me. I jumped back at her
sloppy attacks when suddenly the green energy exploded, sending me flying back.
"Peter!" Felicia cried out as she turned to Jessica, "you bitch!"
I groaned, rubbing my head as I pulled myself up, note to self, learn how to do that. I looked
up and saw Felicia taking on Jessica one on one. Fighting the spider-powered brunette off,
sending a kick to her sternum that made Jessica hold her gut in pain.
Just then Jessica held up her hand and shot out a blast of green energy, hitting Felicia right in
the gut.
"Felicia!" I yelled, jumping into the air to catch her from flying back. I held her like a bride,
laying her down gently, "are you okay?"
"Stings like a mother fucker," she cursed as she looked at me, "where is she?"

I looked up and around, we were alone, "she's gone."
"Fuck," she got on her feet, "That was like fighting you, except she didn't hold back."
I nodded, "Yeah, but….how did she even find me? She's supposed to be in Italy with….no..."
"What?" Felicia asked.
"Last night, when we booted the drive and connected them...Wyndham must have put in a
tracking program that lets him track the files location through the net."
"Is that even possible? You destroyed your computer and modem the moment it happened
didn't you?"
"Yes, but that was only after the HYDRA logo was displayed, it could have sent the signal
out way before announcing itself," I cursed, "they know where I am, meaning….Aunt May,
Uncle Ben!"
Felicia and I ran to my car without another word. We jumped in and I took off into the streets.
I must have jumped three red lights, but there was no one to stop us and I quite frankly didn't
care.
We reached my home in record time, I ran into my house and threw the door open, "May!
Ben!"
Felicia and I ran inside, looking everywhere. The kitchen was empty, dishes were left out to
dry, the tv in the living room was still running, Ben's favorite news show was running.
"This can't be happening," I repeated to myself as I paced around.
"Have you tried calling them? They might have left because of some emergency," Felicia said
in a hopeful tone.
"Maybe," I nodded as I quickly dialed Ben's number. It rang for a few moments before
someone picked up, "hello?! Uncle Ben?!"
The line was silent, I was about to repeat the statement again when a voice appeared on the
other line. "Hello Mr. Parker...or should I say, Spider-man?"
I knew that voice, "Wyndham," I growled, "where are they?"
"Safe, for now," he admitted, "but not for long. We have them, if you ever want to see them
alive again bring me all your father's research and I'll give them too you. You have one hour's
time, I'll text you the location and the time."
He ended the call. I looked at the phone and growled, "fucking hell!"
Felicia put a calming hand on my shoulder, "are they alive?"
I nodded, "yeah...he wants my dad's drive. And...and he knows I'm Spider-man."

"How?!"
I shrugged, "he saw me using spider powers, he figured out I live in New York and have
connections with the Baxter building who have also been seen around with Spider-man, I
don't think it would have been too hard for him," or he could have just read SHIELD's files
on me.
"What are we going to do now?" Felicia asked.
"I'm going to get the drive back," I told her as I walked out of the house.
"You mean we are going to get that drive back," she told me.
"This isn't a joke Felicia!" I turned around to her, "people I care about are in danger!"
"Which is why you shouldn't do this alone!"
"I'm not putting you in danger-"
"-I'm not letting you go fight nazis! Not alone!" she yelled back.
We stared at each other for the longest time. She wasn't budging, I couldn't imagine life
without Ben and May, but without her….oh God help me.
I nodded, "Fine, but please, don't die."
Felicia smiled, "Wasn't counting on it, Tiger." We walked to my car and I quickly drove away
to a secluded spot for us to take off and change. "So what's the plan? Fury's not just going to
give you the drive back once he knows what it is."
I nodded, "Yeah, don't worry though, I go back up," I took up my phone and dialed a number,
"Hey, it's me, I need a favor, it's extremely dangerous, possibly a national crime and you
might have to fight SHIELD...sigh, yes, you can borrow the car on Sunday for your date."

Half an hour later:

"Unidentified flying car please state your identification, this is a restricted-"
"It's me you jackass! Who else do you think has a flying time machine?!" I yelled onto the
mic in my helmet.
"Shesh, ease up Tiger, he's just trying to do his job," Felicia smiled as she checked her
weapons and gadgets, we were in full costume and ready for a fight, just in case.
"Oh he can handle it," I waved her worry aay.

"Spider-man, you have permission to land, please use the upper strip near the entrance,"
came the reply.
I landed and we both got out. We walked in, but instead of going to the bridge, we took a turn
into the labs placed near the backs. We ran in and Felicia spotted the drive being plugged into
a
Terminal.
I walked in, the lab geek there stood up, "hey, you can't be in here!"
"Yeah, I can," I pushed him aside and grabbed the drive, unplugging it, damn, not even a day,
and already Fury was trying to crack into it. I looked at the tools the techie used and whistled,
"damn, impressive. With these things, you could have broken into this thing in like, what? A
week?"
"A day if I bypass the system lock and donate all available serves to it," the techie shrugged.
"Cool," I extended my hand, "Spider-man."
"Oh, ah, Leopold Fitz," he shook my hand.
"Cool, we should catch up sometime, talk science," I waved to him as we walked out of the
lab.
"Oh, right….ah, I don't think you're supposed to take that!" Fitz called out.
"Tell Fury I said thanks for holding onto it for me!" I called out behind me.
Felicia and I ran through the helicarrier. She looked around, "it's empty, should it always be
this empty?"
I sighed, "No," we ran out into the open air and there standing before us were three of my
teammates. Felicia and I stopped, "Hey guys, nice to see you all."
"Spider-man, what do you think you're doing son?" Cap asked. Nat and Clint stood by his
side. Cap had his shield at the ready, his costume had changed, he wore the black and white
costume from Winter Soldier now.
"Nice costume Cap, much cooler," I nodded, "and as for what I'm doing, I'm just taking back
something I gave Fury to take care of for me."
"That became SHIELD's property the moment you gave it to us," Clint spoke up, leveling his
arrow at me, a red dot hovering over my chestpiece.
"That may be, but I did it under the condition that you wouldn't try and find out what was
inside, which you kind of did, so..."
"This isn't a joke Peter," Nat cut in, "this can be considered an international crime."

"Oh, right, because you of all people have never done anything like that," it was a low blow,
but I was running out of time, there was only half an hour left before Wyndham called me
again.
"Peter, whatever's going on, we can deal with it, together," Cap held up a gentle hand, "we
don't need to do this."
"Cap, you should be helping me," I spoke up.
"And why's that?" Cap asked.
"Because HYDRA has my uncle and aunt."
Nat's eyes went wide, Clint looked sympathetic. But Steve, Steve looked downright horrified.
"W-what? But HYDRA's dead!"
"They aren't," I waved the hard drive before putting it away into my backpack, "they are
alive, and they have my family Cap. They want this thing for their lives."
"What's in the drive kid?" Clint asked.
"My father's research."
"Into what?" Nat asked.
"...the Super soldier serum," I completed.
Steve looked horrified, "You can't give HYDRA that drive Peter, if they get their hands on it"
"-If I don't my uncle and aunt are dead!" I yelled back, "I have to do this Cap!"
"No, you don't," Cap leveled his shield against me.
I sighed, "What are you going to do? Fight me?"
"If I have to, yes."
Seconds passed, and I gathered all my thoughts and pushed them aside, I would need all my
focus for this. Cap crouched, Felicia and I matched him. He charged forward along with
Widow. Felicia did as well, but in the last moment we took a sharp left and ran away.
"What the-"
"Now Johnny!" I cried out into my comns.
"Right!" Johnny jumped out of the back seat of my car and jumped into the air covered in
flames. He swooped down and blasted flames between the adults and us.
"You didn't think I was crazy enough to fight you did you?!" I laughed.

Cap leaped across the flames and charged forward, "Smart move Pete! But it ends now!"
"No, it doesn't!" I sent a repulsor beam at him which he blocked, obviously, but he didn't
notice me throwing a liquid nitrogen pellet at the ground before him.
It exploded and Cap found his boots and feet covered with ice, sticking him to the ground.
"Sorry Cap!" I yelled back and I could have sworn I saw him smile.
Felicia and I jumped into the car with Felicia taking the wheel. She hit the gas hard and we
took off into the air with Johnny right behind us, dropping into the back seat and turning off
his fire.
"Okay, I'll admit, that was a little underwhelming," Johnny sighed, "you promised me
danger!"
"Believe me, Johnny, the danger's just beginning," I turned to the car's HUD and smiled,
"Keep the car steady Kitten. I have an idea."
Half an hour later:
The one-hour mark was up, I got a text to meet them in a construction site a few miles away
from town. Felicia and Johnny hid in the back as I took the car down in for a landing.
"Johnny get your hand off my ass before I shove it where the sun doesn't shine," Felicia
hissed.
"Sorry babe, and for your information, I'm a glowing ball of fire, for me there is nowhere the
sun doesn't shine" Johnny grinned.
"Not if I shove it in deep enough," Felicia hissed back. "Well if it's shoving you want-"
"Johnny, if you even complete that sentence I take a dildo the size of Ben's hands and
sodomize you with it, understand?" I growled. I heard Johnny gulp, good, no one touches my
Kitten. "Good, now remember, stay in here, the code word is 'Drewness', got it?"
"Yes," Felicia nodded before she turned around and glared, "Johnny!"
"Sorry!" he quickly said. I sighed, God help me.
I walked out and slammed the door shut. It was the construction sight for some kind of
building, fifty feet tall and a hundred feet across. So far only the iron frame of the building
was set up, the concrete was set onto a parking lot beside the building and several sand dunes
by the side.
I walked in and immediately spotted a white van parked in the middle of the building. I
walked up to it in full costume, no need to hide who I was, he already knew.
I felt a pull, Jessica was here, I looked around and sniffed the air. I looked up at the iron
beams twenty feet above me and to the left, I waved. She glared back, guess she wasn't happy
I spotted her.

I walked to the van, it opened up and Wyndham walked out with a cane in hand. He smiled,
"your father would have loved the costume, Peter. So much intelligence into the design, I'll
admit, I'm surprised you managed to crack Stark's tech, truly, you are your father's son."
"From what I heard my mother was pretty smart too," I hissed.
"Oh that she was, and while I'm sure your father would have gone on and on about how
amazing she was, but he was the real genius," Wyndham smiled a crooked smile, "Now, do
you have what I asked for?"
"My aunt and uncle first creep."
He nodded, not minding the creepy comment. He stepped aside revealing my aunt and uncle
tied up and gagged, and by the looks of things, unconscious.
"Now, the files if you please," Wyndham held out his hand.
I looked at him and took out the hard drive and tossed it to him, "they are all in there."
"For your sake, I do hope so," he smiled as he walked away. I ran into the van quickly and to
their sides.
"Sir? Ma'am? Are you alright?!" I shook them furiously, trying to wake them up.
"Must you continue this charade?" Wyndham chuckled as he walked out of the construction
site with Jessica following him from above.
I narrowed my eyes at Ben and May, I could smell something from
them...something….metallic. I touched Ben's face and traced a finger along his jawline.
Suddenly, my fingers slipped into the flesh, I slowly pulled it away reclined robotic features
under it.
"You bastard!" I roared as I jumped out of the van and ran at Wyndham.
"Jessica dear, if you please," Wyndham waved her down.
Jessica jumped down and faced me. We fought once again, this time she was a lot more
focused. I pushed down the lust I felt for her, replacing it with rage and fear for the safety of
my loved ones.
"If you ever want to see your loved ones again Peter, you'll do exactly what we say, or they
will die," Wyndham said as he watched me and Jessica go at it.
She sent a fist at my gut, I jumped over it and landed behind her, I shot out two web lines,
covering her with webbing.
"What the hell?!" Drew cried out, "How come you can do this but I can't?!"
"Simple, I'm smarter than you," I turned to Wyndham, "you're next," I ran at him.

"Sigh, did you even hear my threat?"
"I did, don't care!" I jumped into the air and came down at him fist-first. Inches away from
striking his face when suddenly something collided at my side, sending my flying away.
I rolled on my feet and landed just in time to see all the sand in the construction site slowly
gather around Wyndham like a protective guardian angel.
"Peter, I would like you too meet an old friend of mine, my very first experiment with human
genetics led to a very fascinating discovery, may I introduce Marko, or as I call him,
Sandman," he smirked.
I watched in growing fear as the sand started to form the shape of a man with dark hair and a
green and black striped shirt. His hands were sand in the form of a hammer and a morning
star. He snarled at me, looking more animal than man.
"He isn't much of a thinker sadly, the...procedure sadly left his brain in a sandy mess too. But
he listens very well," Wyndham pointed at me and smirked, "get him."
"Drewness! Drewness! Total Drewness" I yelled as I shot out a web line and swung away
from a tsunami of sand heading my way.
Johnny came flying out of the car in his flaming glory. "Someone call for a hero-what the
fuck is that?!"
"Giant sand monster! Light him up, heat turns sand into glass!" I yelled out as I jumped away
from his giant sand hammer fist.
"Get back here!" Jessica yelled out, flexing her arms and breaking my webbing. She jumped
onto a beam and chased after me, but just then a black boot-covered leg came flying at her
face, Drew jumped away, landing on a steel beam with Felicia right behind her.
Jessica looked Felicia up and down and raised an eyebrow, "who are you supposed to be?"
"The girlfriend of the guy you tried to make out with," Felicia hissed, Drew blushed, but
before she could say anything Felicia launched her attack.
Johnny bathed Sandman in flames, melting the left side of his body into glass. The monster
roared and swung at Johnny who easily ducked away.
"You're going to have to do better than that freak!" Johnny cried out.
"NOT! FREAK!" Sandman yelled as he sent a wave of sand at Johnny, the Torch barely
avoided it.
I knew my teammates could handle them, so I set my sights on Wyndham, who looked
surprised at the sight of Johnny.
I swung and landed right in front of the man, "didn't think I would come here without backup
did you?"

"This is an unexpected surprise, yes, but no matter," he smiled.
"Where are they?" I asked.
"And if I don't tell you?"
I raised my hand at Sandman's body and fired my repulsor beam at full blast, destroying the
lower half of his body in a bust of sand. Sandman let out a loud growl of pain.
"Thanks, Spider!" Johnny cried out, blasting the sand monster's right arm with flames.
I leveled my arm at the Italian scientist, "that will happen."
"Never start with the threat of death Peter," Wyndham sighed, "you need me to find your
uncle and aunt, I'm the only one who knows where they are. You can't afford to kill me.
Meaning you'll step down your threat, which also means I have nothing to fear from you."
I nodded, "sounds logical, except," I grabbed his arm and twisted it with a snap.
"ARGH!" he cried out, dropping to his knees and holding his hand in pain.
"I can still make you beg for death," I growled, putting weight on the arm, "where are they?!"
"Go to hell!"
"You first," I brought him up by the collar and was about to break his face when suddenly,
"Spider! A little help over here!" Johnny cried out.
I turned around to see my friend being cornered by Sandman, sand covering how board, he
couldn't use his flames. I cursed, I turned to Wyndham and headbutted him, breaking his nose
throwing him aside, and slipping a tiny little tracker into the helm of his coat.
I ran towards Sandman, "Hey ugly!" It looked at me, I leaped into the air and threw several
nitrogen capsules at the thing.
"ARGH!" it swung at them causing his entire arm to get frozen. I landed on his arm and
raised both arms at it's head firing off twin beams of energy right through it's face.
"Marko! To me!" Wyndham called out.
Suddenly all the sand in the construction yard seeped away, rushing to Wyndham's side as it
gathered him up before turning into a large ball of sand that rolled away with such speeds I
grew worried that the man inside might not live.
I hissed and turned to Johnny, "You okay?"
Johnny patted the sand away, "Yeah, aside from my pride getting hurt for losing to a giant
sand castle, I'm just fine."

I nodded, and then I turned to Jessica and Felicia fighting on the steel beams. I whistled as
Felicia kicked Jessica across the face, a teeth came flying out. She then punched Drew in the
gut before throwing a web to tie her up against a steel beam.
Jessica tried to break free, Felicia walked up to her cracking her knuckles, "Next time you
even think about sticking your tongue down my boyfriend's throat, I'll rearrange your fucking
face," she threw a punch at Jessica's head, throwing her head back and hitting the steel beam,
knocking her unconscious.
"Damn, remind me never to piss her off," Johnny whistled.
"What the hell is going on?!" a familiar voice cried out. We three turned to see a SHIELD
hover jet landing before us with its hangar bay doors open and Fury walking out with Cap
and about a dozen agents at his back.
"So, how much trouble are we in?" Johnny asked with a grin, almost looking eager.
Fury narrowed his eyes at me, "a lot. Start talking kid, and you best not leave out any
details."

Chapter End Notes

Important Note. Today someone in my class committed suicide. He was 16 years old
and on the soccer team. I wasn't gonna update today but I need people to see this. I
didn't even know this kid. I don't even think I met him but I am still crying. This boy is
dead and he will never have a chance to live. He cant have a fmily or meet the girl of his
dreams. He's gone. Maybe forever. I know this sounds really cheesy. I've seen tons of
PSAs about this but it's never stuck with me. I never understood and most of you will
forget this. Please give a smile to people. I know that there isn't much we can do because
we often don't know these people. But if you gave a true smile to someone they might
still be here. People need to be reminded how much life matters. Nobody in the world
will ever meet this kid ever again. I will never get to meet him. There's nothing anyone
can do anymore. And this happens all the time in the world. Almost 700k people
commit suicide every year. So please just smile and share your love and happiness.
Percy Jackson, Peter Parker, and all of our other Heroes aren't here saving people from
jumping off bridges. That's OUR job. We have to do this. We have to protect each other
and love each other. We just have to. I didn't get to know him guys. I didn't get to know
him. He's dead. Please guys do your best. You never know how much this matters until
it happens close to you.
You are all loved. I love you all. No matter what you've done or how you feel I love you
and even if it doesn't feel like it O love you. and you can always reach out to me at
hoidroshar@gmail.com

Chapter 24
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"So not only did you find out your father rediscovered the super soldier serum, you yourself
found out the formula by combining the files of an Italy geneticist, who is supposedly
working for HYDRA, and your dad's old folder, and then proceed to give that sensitive
information to said HYDRA agent?"
I looked at him and nodded, "pretty much, yeah." We were in Fury's jet flying through the air.
Fury rubbed his eye, "You're going to give me a heart attack kid."
I shrugged, "maybe, but all's not lost," I opened my SA and displayed a map with a red blip
on it, "I'm tracking Wyndham now, we just have to follow him back to wherever he's hiding, I
can find my aunt and uncle, you can get that drive back."
Fury looked at the man, "he's going upstate. Somewhere...oh fuck."
"What? What's wrong?"
"That's an ex-CIA blacksite named Treadstone," Fury cursed, "how does he have access to
that?"
"A CIA blacksite?" Cap asked, "that's illegal Fury, the CIA-"
"-Isn't our problem, not right now," Fury looked at me, "you are."
I nodded, "yeah, and if you want you can spank me later. But right now, we have a blacksite
to break into."
"You can't, at least not this one," Fury glared at it with hate, "it's designed to be unbreakable.
Only one man has even gotten in and he's…."
"Dead?" Cap asked.
"No, not by any stretch," Fury's eye landed on me and then on Felicia, lingering on her for a
while before he sighed, "damn it, no choice," he pressed his communicator, "Hill, we need
him….yes, the personal we discussed….I know, I just hope you're wrong. Pilot, turn this ship
around, we have unfinished work to do."
"Who are you bringing in?" I asked, the plane did a sharp turn, we were now going North.
Fury looked at me, "the greatest thief in the world. The only one who has ever successfully
sneaked into Treadstone underground base and come out with a list of CIA special agents.
We put him in prison for life for that, too dangerous but….I guess this is a special
circumstances."

I shrugged, "cool...mind if I call in some help as well?"
Fury raised an eyebrow, "who did you have in mind?"
"Oh you'll like him, he's bald too!" I chuckled as I dialed Jean's personal number, she picked
up quickly, "hey Marvel Girl, I need a favour from the X-Men."
An hour later:
We watched as the X-men's plane landed next to the SHIELD jet, we were a few good miles
away from the entrance to Treadstone, this way Wyndham wouldn't detect us even if he knew
we were following him.
The blackbird's cargo hold opened up and the X-men walked out. Logan and Storm were in
the same uniform I saw from before, with Jean and Storm walking right next to them.
Jean's costume had gotten an upgrade. She wore a black armoured one piece with a red 'X' in
the middle of her chest and a green jacket. The jacket's sides were yellow with the name
Marvel written over her right chest. He face wasn't hidden, displayed proudly for all to see.
Cyclops now wore his signature yellow visor and skin tight blue armour suit. His uniform
covered his arms and legs, he had yellow boots and gauntlets with a large yellow 'X' on his
chest like a vest.
"Spider!" Jean cried out as she jumped into my arms, hugging me tightly, "I so missed you!"
Scott growled, "you know this guy?"
"What? Oh, right," she looked nervous, "he ah-he-"
"He saved her from Magneto," Storm supplied giggling at Jean's attempt to lie, "they are old
friends."
I chuckled, "yeah, by the way, cool costumes you guys, totally digging the skin tight
spandex."
"It's not spandex, it's a polymer blend ten times stronger than kevlar, able to stop bullets
among...other things," Xavier rolled down the ramp stopping before me and smiling, "it's
good to see you again Spider-man."
"You too professor," I shook his hand before stepping aside, "Professor, this is Nick fury,
director of SHIELD. Fury, this is-"
"-I know who he is," the man cut in as he glared at Xavier, "when you said you were bringing
in backup I didn't think you meant him."
"Is it because I'm a mutant, director Fury?" Xavier asked with a tilt of his head.
"No, it's because you're a man with the ability to brainwash people," Fury shot back.

Xavier smiled, "I see Spider-man's paranoia has rubbed off." Fury gave me a look, I said
nothing but shrugged.
"Jimmy?" Cap called out suddenly as all eyes turned to him and Logan.
Logan sniffed Steve, "you ah...you know me bub?"
Steve chuckled, "ah, yes, you could say that. Are you...are you related to James Howlett? Is
he your grandfather or-"
"-No," Wolverine cut in, "I'm James Howlett...I think."
"You think?"
"I ah, I lost my memories, didn't even know my own name until the kid here helped me out,"
he pointed a thumb at me.
"B-but how? How are you even alive?"
I shrugged, "he's a mutant."
Steve nodded to me and then turned to Logan, "it's been so long James I...you really don't
remember me? Any of it?"
"Sorry, can't say I do," Logan growled out, "but...if you have time..."
Cap nodded, "just say when, I don't really have anyone to talk to about this, guess people like
us aren't very common."
Logan nodded, "you can say that again."
Fury and Xavier went off into one corner to talk while Logan, Storm and Steve were talking
to each other. Steve mainly spoke about what he knew about Logan's past, which admittedly
wasn't much, even back then he was a private man. But Logan and Storm listened aptly.
"So, what's all this then?" Johnny asked as he walked out of the SHIELD jet, his eyes
immediately were drawn to the red head, his jaw dropped, "woah. Who are you?"
"Who are you?" Scott growled getting between Johnny and Jean.
"Have you been living under a rock? I'm Johnny Storm!"
Scott crossed his arms, "and?"
"Hello? Fantastic Four? The Human torch? Ringing any bells here?" Johnny asked.
"No," was Scott's short reply.
Jean giggled, I sighed, "so predictable."
"Maybe," Jean shrugged, "where's Felicia?"

"When we're in costume call her by title, Black Cat," I told her, "she's in the jet, looking over
the plans for the place we are trying to break into, it's always been her goal to break into a
place like that, guess she's just trying her own thing."
Jean nodded as she I walked into the jet. We passed by an unconscious and tied up Jessica
Drew, I felt my arousal increase as we pass by her.
Jean looked at her, "who's she?"
"It's ah...it's complicated," I sighed. We reached the main deck where Cat looked over a
detailed holo map of the entire structure.
"Cat!" Jean cried out.
Felicia took her eyes away from the map and widened them in surprise, "Jean? When you did
you get here?"
"Just now!" she hugged Felicia before suddenly kissing her on the lips, "I missed you both."
Felicia coughed into her hands, "I see you're still...active."
"Oh give it a rest, as if you wouldn't have done the same," I rolled my eyes.
"Speaking off," Jean turned to me and touched my mask groaning, "how do I take this off?"
I chuckled, "sorry Birdie, but I don't really think me kissing another girl while-"
"-Oh shut up you noble bastard," Felicia flicked the button on the side of my helmet raising
the mouthpiece.
"Hey-"my protest was muffled my Jean's lips around my own as she kissed me deeply. Her
tongue pushed into my mouth as I slowly gave in and fought back, easily winning as I pushed
her tongue back into her mouth.
We broke the kiss, she smiled, "what do you two say to a night out after this?"
Felicia rolled her eyes, "never change Jean."
"Don't plan to," Jean smiled, "now seriously, a night out, you in?"
I shrugged putting my face plate down, "I'll have to take my car from where I left it last, but
shouldn't be too much of a hassle."
"Alright! That settles it, tonight we're going out!" Jean grinned.
"Shut up, so loud..." a groan from the hangar doors came out.
"Drew's awake," I sighed as I stepped next to Felicia, "can you handle her?"
Felicia nodded, "yeah, I got this." She and Jean walked up to Jessica's stirring body, with me
following behind a good twenty feet back.

"Morning sleeping beauty," Felicia spoke up as Jessica sat down on the seat, her arms and
legs tied up in chains.
"Where are I?" Jessica asked.
"SHIELD jet," Felicia supplied.
"No," Jessica looked horrified, "you have to get me out of here, please! You don't know what
they're like! They'll kill me! Please you have to-"
"-Hey, it's okay, everything's going to be just fine," Jean cut in, her voice soothing as she
placed her fingertips on Jessica's temples, her eyes flashing a shade of orange before she
closed them going limp.
"What's going on?" Felicia asked.
"She's in Jessica's mind trying to calm her down," I informed her.
Suddenly Jean woke up again and with her Jessica. Jean smiled, "so, you okay now?"
Jessica nodded, "y-yeah, I guess."
"What was she freaking out about?" I asked.
"She's been lead to believe SHIELD would experiment on her and kill her to access her
powers," Jean informed us.
"Woah, that's...woah," I looked at Jessica, "no wonder you thought I was the bad guy."
"Still not sure that you aren't," she hissed.
"Listen spider ling, I ain't the bad guy here, have you seen the news? I stopped an alien
invasion, if we were the bad guys, would we have done that?" I asked.
Jessica stayed silent, looking at me. She spoke slowly, "I...I asked about Hunts point, about
what they were doing….I can't...I can't believe that-"
"What did he say?" I cut her off.
She looked into my eyes, "that he did what needed to be done. But he said no one got hurt, no
one."
"That's a lie," Fury called out as he and Xavier walked in. We all turned to him as he grabbed
a SA from his jacket pocket and increased the size.
I whistled, "damn, you a fan Fury?"
"It has its uses," Fury smiled before displaying a file and showing it to Jessica, "31 children,
dead. And in their DNA, I understand, is trace amounts of your blood mixed in with deadly
amounts of radiation. He killed children, whether you like it to be true or not is up to you."

"He-he promised to cure me," Drew looked like her world just crashed around her, I could
sympathies.
"He lied, he was using you to create an army, and now, he just might have one," I walked up
to her, resisting the urges I could feel swell up inside of me. I unlocked the cuffs that kept her
restrained and quickly stepped away.
Fury and the others looked at me cautiously, I waved their worries away. I turned to Jessica,
"that man in there killed my parents and now has my aunt and uncle. He's a monster, he tried
to use your blood to make an army for himself, killing children to do it. I'm not blaming you,
no, there is only one man to blame, him. If you want, join us, and together we can stop him.
No one else will get hurt because of you."
Jessica rubbed her wrists, "I-I….I'm sorry," she looked down in shame.
I sighed and looked to Felicia, "well, I tried."
"Yes, this is Fury," Fury spoke up touching his ear piece, "good, bring him into the jet, we'll
plan out our attack here."
"I'll call everyone else here as well," Xavier touched his forehead and focused. I assumed he
sent out a psychic message, but then again I can't really be sure.
Soon though everyone had arrived, the X-men, Johnny, who was still glaring daggers at
Scott, Cap, who stood next to Logan with a relaxed demeanor, a handful of SHIELD agents
and well, my team.
"So who's the special guest you're bringing along?" Logan asked.
"Him," Fury turned to see Nat walking along with a man dressed in a SHIELD operator's
uniform. He had a thick white utility belt around his hip and special gloves wearing a half
mask that covered his mouth.
His hair was white, he looked old with lines running down his face. His eyes however were
green, and very familiar shade of green...wait a minute"Daddy?!" Felicia cried out.
"Say what now?!" I blinked in confusion.
The man looked at Felicia in surprise, he lowered his half face mask revealing a white
mustache and a small goatee. He looked at her wonder, "Kitten?"
Felicia threw her goggles off and ran to the man. Nat stepped aside as Felicia jumped into her
father's arms. We all watched as she cried, hugging him tightly, the man in question looked at
her and slowly tears began to fill his eyes, "Kitten!"
"Daddy!" they held each other, I could feel the loose coming from her, I could smell the
sadness and utter joy she felt. I watched, we all watched, silently, letting the father and
daughter have their moment.

"K-Kitten, what are you doing here?!" he turned to Fury, "did you put her up to this?!"
"No, he did," Fury pointed at me, Felicia's father snapped at me, I gulped in fear, 'Fury you
asshole!'
"I-ah, I...it's nice to meet you sir, I'm Spider-man," I went stiff. I swore I heard Jean giggling
behind my back.
"And who are you?" he hissed.
"He's ah...he's my friend" Felicia stammered out in a blush, "and he didn't do anything, I
came to stop-wait, what the hell am I doing?!" Felicia drew back a fist and clocked her dad
across the face, hitting him square on the nose, "where the hell have you been?!"
The rest of us blinked in surprise. Damn, that was a total 180.
"Kitten I-"
"-Do you know what mom's been through?! What happened to us after you left?! Where were
you?!"
"I was...I-"
"-With us, in a SHIELD prison so secure not even he could get out," Fury explained.
"Well I wouldn't say that Fury," the man adjusted his nose, grunting in pain, "we had an
agreement, I was your prisoner and in exchange you let my family go."
Fury shrugged, "sure."
"I'm sorry, can someone explain what's going on here?" I asked, I really didn't like knowing
shit, "I thought Kitten's-" I stopped as the silver haired man glared at me, "I mean, Cat's dad
was dead?"
"He was, for all intents and purposes," Fury nodded, "his name is Walter Hardy also know as
the Cat. There wasn't a safe he couldn't get into and a building he couldn't breach. He was a
pain in the ass, but we finally caught him."
"You mean I let you catch me," Walter looked at his daughter, "to make sure my Kittens
would have a normal life, away from me."
"Fat load that did," Logan huffed.
"Enough," Cap called out, "we are wasting time. Every second we waste HYDRA is that
much closer to getting the super soldier formula. We need to move, now."
"I'm not going anywhere unless Fury gives me a reason too," Walter spoke up.
Fury raised an eyebrow, "what do you want?"

"My Kitten, she's not going to have any part in this," Walter warned.
"What?!" Felicia cried out, "you can't!"
"I can and I will."
"You can't just leave and then show up one day acting like you're still my dad," Felicia
hissed, "you have to right to keep me away from this!"
"Do you even know what this is?!"
"Yes, we're about to break into a top secret ex-CIA black site called Treadstone to get back
my boyfriend's aunt and uncle," Felicia huffed.
Walter looked to Fury, "how involved is she?"
"Not much, now, since obviously she doesn't want to leave anywhere, I'm assuming she's
coming with us. So, can we all get serious here?" Fury ordered.
Walter looked at Felicia before sighing, "fine, show me the map," the hologram came up,
Walter quickly studied it and put a finger on a ventilation shaft a few miles away, "there.
That's our entrance. We get in there, there should be a panel we can use to override the
security door and open the front doors for us. Get me in there and I can crack it open."
"Good, then we take it by storm," Cap pointed out, "James and I will take the lead, Cyclops
and Marvel girl can take bring up the rear with Spider and Johnny. Storm, your powers won't
be at a 100% in the narrow corridors. Stay out here and make sure anyone who tries to leave
doesn't get far. Nat, you and Black Cat go with Walter and find a way inside, sneak around
and find Spider's family. Any questions?"
No one objected.
"I talked to the professor, he'll connect us all telepathically," Fury stated, "so from now one
we don't communicate verbally, it'll getting some used to, but we'll adapt."
"Yes, well, all except Spiderman and Blackcat," Xavier spoke up.
"Why?" Fury raised an eyebrow.
"We have mental dampers in our masks, but..." I sighed, tapping my temple, deactivating the
sensor, "I guess we can do without it."
Xavier nodded, "thank you for trusting me Spider-man." I nodded, saying nothing. I helped
Felicia turn off her mental damper as well.
We moved, Felicia with her father and Nat, we with Johnny, Scott and Jean. Before we went
our separate ways I scorched Nat and pulled her aside, "Nat...if something goes wrong, take
her out of there. Please."
Natasha nodded, "don't worry Peter, she'll be fine."

I nodded and quickly walked with the rest of my squad as we walked to where the entrance of
the facility was supposed to be, a tunnel sized entrance with 10 inch steel reinforced gates.
We waited outside for the Cat to open the doors.
"Peter? Can you hear me?" I felt Jean's thoughts enter my head.
I focused my mind and tried to answer nonverbally, "yeah Jean, what's up?"
"You're worried about her aren't you?"
I chuckled, "you don't need to read my mind to know that."
"I didn't, relax, she can handle herself."
"Kitten has a way of biting off more than she can chew," I told her, "she's...she's passionate
about protecting those she cares about."
"Sounds like someone else I know."
I smiled, my nerves calmed down a bit. And then the doors started to open.
"They got in! Move!" Cap ordered as he and Logan lead the charge. They rushed in and
suddenly the entrance was covered with a hail of bullets. We hide behind some crates using it
as cover.
Cap then jumped out with his shield before him, deflecting all the bullets. Logan growled out
and took out his claws, charging into the enemy lines, hacking and slashing his way through.
I didn't like blood, I hated it, I hated the idea of death, but if had to be done. This was
HYDRA. I ran behind him with Johnny, Scott and Jean following closely behind.
We fought off the armed soldiers. I sent out repulsor blasts at the ceiling bringing down
chunks of rocks over them. Jean threw crates at them while Johnny and Scott blasted them
with fire and force.
Suddenly we came across a fork in the hallway. Cap made us stop and looked to either side.
"We have to split up. James, you're with me, Spider you take the rest."
I nodded, "you got it Cap!" We quickly split up as I lead my small squad down the narrow
hallway.
A door showed up at the end of the corridor. I made them stop, I turned to Jean, "Marvel girl,
check to see who's on the other side."
She nodded as she placed her fingers to her temple, focusing on the other side of the door.
She blinked, "30 men, all armed, leveing their guns at the door. The moment we step in they
will fire at us."
I nodded, I looked at the door, steel, probably can't break through it...unless. "Cyclops, step
up," he stood next to me, "on my signal, fire at the door and don't stop, okay?"

He nodded as he put a finger on his visor. I turned to the door and puffed my chest out,
"unibeam, max power, fire!"
Twin blasts of concussive force came flying out of his eyes and my chest as the door was
ripped off it's hinges and sent flying into the room, knocking out a handful of men.
"Light them up Johnny!" I called out. The flaming man flew over me and into the room,
sending out a stream of fire out of his hands into the remaining men. Scott, Jean and I
charged in, while the shooters were too busy firing at Johnny we made our move.
Scott started firing into their ranks, knocking them down in waves. I took out my spider
shaped shuriken and threw them at the small army, piercing their gun arms before they even
had a chance to pull the trigger.
Suddenly the steel door from before flew into the air, I saw Jean focusing on it as she used it
to sweep the men off their feet, knocking them all back. The room was clear in two minutes.
I panted looking around, "nice work gang."
"Okay, now this is more my speed," Johnny grinned, "an ancient Nazi organization,
kidnappings, bad guys with guns! Hot redheads! It's like someone's been reading my diary!"
"You have a diary?" Scott raised an eyebrow.
"Yeah he does," I chuckled, "I found it once, did you know he still sleeps with his-"
"-Shut it webhead! Or I'll burn your clothes off!" Johnny yelled getting us to laugh pretty
hard.
I looked around, we were in what looked like a giant hangar of some kind, heavy equipment
were across the room, beams of steel and concret. They were still building this place up.
"We need to move, find out where Wyndham's lab is, Jean can you do a sweep, figure out
where any more concious humans are?"
"I'll try," Jean closed her eyes and focused, in seconds she opened them again, "there," she
pointed at a small door to our right that had an electronic lock.
"What did you find?" I asked her.
"People, scientists I think, working on something, against their will," Jean narrowed her eyes
in hate.
"Sounds like Wyndham's M.O." We reached the door, it was locked.
"Stand back, I'll blast it open," Cyclops said reaching for his visor.
"So need Cyclops," I waved him down pulling out a wire from my gauntlet, inserting it into
the keypad, "I got this." It took seconds from my decoder to break the code, it unlocked with
a click, "ta-da!"

"Decoder?" Johnny asked.
I nodded, "yup."
I opened the door and slowly walked in. This part of the fort was much cleaner, it looked
state of the art. The walls turned to glass the further we walked in. I looked inside, it was a
lab of some sort, big enough to hold twenty people, but I saw only four people inside wearing
white lab coats.
"Are they loyal to HYDRA?" I asked Jean.
So closed her eyes, "no, none of them are here willingly."
I nodded, "then we get them out of here, now." I walked up to a glass door and quickly
unlocked it as well. The door slide open and we walked in.
"Who are you? What are you doing here?" a female scientist asked seeing us.
"We are here to get you out, we are with SHIELD," I told her.
"SHIELD? Really?!" the others cheered.
"We are, right now we need to get you out. Cyclops, Marvel girl, get them out, Johnny and I
will keep working our way through them."
"No! You can't!" an older man cried out, "if we leave they'll kill our families!" He ran up to
me and grabbed my suit, "you can't do this!"
"I promise nothing will-" I stopped, I couldn't believe my eyes. He was older, so much older.
He looked thinner than I remembered but….it's him. My voice cracked, the words came out
without me realising it, "d-dad?"
Richard Parker looked at me, his eyes questioning, "I'm sorry?"
"G-get them out! Get them all out!" I yelled at the mutants, Jean flinched, she must have read
my mind, fuck.
She and Scott moved to the scientist, "please, follow us."
Richard yelled, "you can't! They'll kill our-"
"-Your family will be fine!" I yelled, holding him back as the rest of them leave.
"Good luck Peter," Jean wished me as she took them all away.
I turned to the man, I raised my hands to my helmet and unlocked it. "Dude what are you-"
Johnny protested but I held up my hand silencing him.
I slowly removed my mask and looked at the tall thin man standing before me. Richard's eyes
went wide. I looked at him, "dad?"

"Pe-Peter?" Richard sounded like he was unsure of what he saw, "is that really you?"
"How are you alive?" I touched his face, trying to see if this was another robotic decoy of
some kind, but I found no reason to suspect so.
"I-I, your mother and I," tears started to well up in his eyes as he hugged me tightly, "oh my
God, my boy, my baby boy!"
My throat choked up, it wasn't fair, I wasn't his son, not his real son. This isn't fair….but what
could I do? I slowly hugged him back, "we need to get you out of here dad, now."
"I-I, no, not yet!" Richard broke the hug, "Wyndham has my files! All of them! He can use
them to create the super solider serum for HYDRA! We need to stop him!"
I smiled, "relax dad, I already got that covered. He won't be getting anything soon. We need
to get you out of here and then find Wyndham, he needs to answer for what he's-"
Spidey senses went wild. "Get down!" I shot a web line at Johnny and pulled him away,
ducking down, just as a black figure swished through where we were just a moment ago.
We quickly got back on our feet, I put the mask back on and watched as a ten foot tall figure
of black walked out from behind a cabinet.
It was a tiger, or so it seemed. It stood on two legs, had black fur with yellow stripes and a
yellow vest on it's back. It's body was rippling with muscles, it looked like it could bend steel
with it's arms. It snarled as it's amber eyes leveled at me. It's claws were the size of my hand,
it clicked as suddenly it leaped at us.
"Flame on!" Johnny yelled sending a fireball at the thing. The tiger thing was sent flying back
and it yipped in pain. I tried to get back up but I quickly sent out a blast of bio-electricity at
it, enough to knock a bull unconscious.
"How did you, did you obtain subject D's powers?" Richard asked amazed.
"Kind of," I nodded, "what was that thing?"
"One of Wyndham's side projects. A human animal hybrid strong enough to match Captain
America's strength, but dumb, so very dumb."
"Ah guys, we got company," Johnny called out. I turned to see more animal hybrids poor into
the lab, each standing on two legs. There was one that looked like a boar, one that looked like
a horse and one that looked like a chiwawa. Obviously the last one frightened me the most.
"Alright then," I charged up my repulsors, "let's get cracking."
Johnny and I blasted through the animals like they were paper. Johnny burnt them enough to
make them run away while I broke bones with my blasts and fists. I tied them all up with
concrete webbing, forcing them to stay jumbled up into the giant mess of flesh they were
now.

I turned to Richard Parker and gave him a thumb's up, "told you we could handle it. Now
come on! We got a job to do!"
Richard nodded blankly as we ran out of the lab and down the corridor. He took the lead,
guiding us through the base. We passed by the security room, I stopped and broke open the
open quickly with my decoder.
We walked inside and saw two guards aiming their guns at us. Two beams of fire from
Johnny melted their guns and split kick from me knocked them out.
I went to the terminal and began to track the SHIELD agents and Cap's location. I found them
all in the main hangar I had just cleared out, fighting the Sandman. They were losing, badly!
Cap used the area around him to get an advantage, breaking open pipe lines to slow down the
monster while Wolverine was just being battered around like a toy.
"Johnny you need to get there and help them, you're the only one who can!" I yelled back.
"On it!" Johnny yelled flaming on and flying off.
I began to move as well, "stay right here, I'll be back soon."
"Where are you going?" Richard asked.
"Sandman, I'm going to stop him," I replied, having no clue how to actually do that. Maybe
Cap had it right, use the water, could work.
"What no! You'll be killed!"
"Relax dad, I'll be fine," I told him, "I've dealt with him before."
"Not like this you haven't!" he pointed the Sandman's body, "he's lost control! Wyndham has
given him full freedom, he's a monster Peter, one move and you're dead!"
"Well then any suggestions?" I asked.
Richard looked scared, I can't blame him. He thought for a moment before nodding, "yes
actually, I do have one."
I blinked but followed him back into his lab. Luckily the animal hybrids were still trapped by
my webbing. We went to his work station where he took out a metal box and opened it to
reveal two gauntlets.
"I made them for Wyndham to control the thing if he ever got loose, but that never came.
They produce a vibrational frequency that will alter the body composition of the Sandman,
making him break apart like glass."
I picked up the gauntlets, they weren't that big, I couldn't fit them over my own. I cursed, I
needed to make a choice now. I quickly took off my gauntlets and put on Richard's, I felt it
hum in energy.

This felt familiar...the shocker, he used gloves like this didn't? Hm, have to look into that
later.
I turned to Richard and nodded, "I'll be back soon," I tossed him my gauntlets, "keep them
safe for me!"
I didn't wait for a reply as I ran into the main hangar. I saw Cap about to get smashed into red
white and blue mush. "Cap!" I yelled, throwing my arms forward and activating the gloves,
sending out vibrations strong enough to shatter Sandman's composition.
"WHAT?! NOO!" he looked at his hand and watched it melt away into nothing. The thing
focused, tried to call the sand back to it, but failed. "HOW?!"
"It's way to complex for someone like you to understand sand boy," I cried out. Johnny came
flying in and picked up Cap, putting him right next to me before circling around and bathing
the monster in flames.
"Thanks for that Spider," Cap spat out a wad of sand, "do you have a way to take him down?"
"I think so," I pointed at the gloves.
"Right, then do it!"
I nodded and ran up to the Sandman, jumping around it, blasting out waves of the energy. I
pinned down more and more of his sand, reducing his size. Johnny then came swooping
down and blasted the thing with enough heat to make the rest of it's body into glass.
I panted as we stepped back, watching the human shaped glass structure land onto the middle
of the ground with unmoving sand surrounding it.
"That….was exhausting!" Johnny cried out.
"You're telling me," I sighed, I looked over and saw a hand sticking out the sand, a hand with
three metal claws attached to it.
I went over and pulled Logan out of the sand, he gasped and spat out enough sand to make a
castle, "I hate the beach."
"Why? Can't swim?" I asked. In response he just growled at me, glaring hateful daggers.
"Son!" I saw Richard run into the hangar with my gauntlets in hand.
"Son?" Cap asked surprised.
"Yeah, guess today's the day when all dad's somehow come back from the grave," I sighed as
he approached us, looking at the glass encased Sandman.
"You did it," Richard panted as he looked in awe.
"Hey, we helped," Johnny smirked.

"Thanks for the gauntlets dad, they were amazing," I took them off and gave it to him, putting
my own on in exchange.
Richard then turned and gasped at the sight of Cap, "y-your Captain America."
"In the flesh sir," Steve extended his hand.
"I-I've been following your work since I was a boy!" Richard quickly shook his hand, "I base
my entire life's work on you."
Steve smiled, "Peter told me what you did, it takes a brave man to stand against evil,
especially the way you did."
"I-I didn't do much, I just ran and...oh God," he turned to me with realization in his eyes,
"You fought aliens?!"
I blinked and looked around, "Are you talking to me?"
"Yes! You fought aliens! And you're an Avenger! How-Does May and Ben know about
this?!"
"No!" I cried out, "and you can't ever tell them! They would freak out!"
"What about me?! I'm your father!"
I shrugged, "think of it like a father son bonding experience. After all, a family that fights evil
Nazis together, stays together."
"I think I'm having a heart attack," Richard rubbed his forehead.
"Huh, so that's where he get's it from," Johnny whispered.
"Spider!" I heard a familiar voice. I turned to see Felicia running out of a tunnel entrance
with her father, Nat, May and Ben.
"Cat!" I cried out, spreading my arms out.
"Not the time honey!" she yelled. I looked over he shoulder and saw a squad of those animal
hybrids chasing them.
"I got it!" I leaped over them and leveled my repulsors at the animals, blasting them back into
the tunnel. I kept firing them back down every time they tried to get up, until finally they
were all unconscious.
"Ben?" I heard Richard ask.
"Oh my God," came a faint voice. I watched as May fainted on the spot. Walter immediately
caught her, while Ben just looked like he was doing his best to not faint as well.
"H-how?" Ben asked.

"It's a long story," Richard sighed.
"One we don't have the time for," Nat grabbed Ben's arm, "you're coming with us, let the
others take care of this."
"But I-" Richard looked at me.
"It's fine Dr. Parker, we got this," I gave him a thumb's up. Nat, Walter carrying May,
Richard, Ben and Felicia and ran to the exit, Richard throwed me a final look of regret, but I
just waved him ahead.
Just then Cyclops and Jean entered, "we got them all out, SHIELD agents have them," Jean
informed me telepathically.
"Got it," Cap nodded, "professor, can you get a fix on Wyndham?"
"I have been trying so for the last half an hour captain, I believe he's three floors down,"
Xavier responded. Huh, I was wondering where he went.
"Alright, you heard the man, let's move!" Cap ordered as he, Logan, Johnny, Scott, Jean and I
all followed his lead towards a hallway that lead to a staircase.
They ran down, while I jumped over the side, free falling three floors before shooting a web
line and swinging down into the door, slamming it open with my feet.
I landed on my knees and looked up, "woah."
The others quickly came in behind me and stopped in awe. The room was a large corridor
filled with ten feet tall vats of blue liquid of some sort. The surface of the vats were frosted
over, we couldn't see through their translucent glass surface.
Johnny lite his hand on flames and approached a vat, cleaning away the layer of ice, showing
a mangled face underneath.
"What the fuck?!" Johnny cried out s he jumped back. I narrowed my eyes, I etched the face
into my memory, Wyndham….you monster.
It was the face of a 12 year old child, blond hair, blue eyes. His mouth had no lips, his face
swollen into itself with it's forehead jutting outwards. It was diseased, I prayed it wasn't alive
in the first place to begin with, no one deserved such a life.
"Don't feel too bad," Wyndham's voice came through the speakers, we looked around but
didn't find him anywhere close. He must be monitoring us through a camera. "They felt no
pain."
"Y-you sick bastard!" Johnny cried out, "you twisted son of a bitch!"
"Language Mr. Storm," Wyndham chuckled, "surely you, a child born to a family of scientist
can understand that sacrifices have to be made?"

"T-they are dreaming," Jean said with closed eyes, "he's brainwashing them, trying to make
them loyal to him...to HYDRA."
"What are these things Wyndham!?" Steve cried out, I looked around, he had to be here, there
was no other place for him to hide, no doors, nothing.
"Clones, of you dear captain...I could even go far as to say they are your children," came the
evil voice.
"What?" Cap's voice was reduced to a few pitches I felt fear just listening to it, the rage, the
utter anger.
"These were my very first attempts to recreate the serum, clones, plain and simple. But you
see, they were...defective. Your DNA is very hard to replicate with the few tissue samples we
had."
"That's impossible, I never gave any samples," Steve called out. He motioned to us, signing
us to move around. I nodded as I jumped into the ceiling, melting into the background of the
dark roof.
"Jean, he has to be somewhere he, can you scan him?" Captain asked mentally.
"Yes sir, I will," Jean closed her eyes as Scott and Johnny stood around her, looking for
trouble.
"Yes, you never gave any samples Captain Rogers...but Peggy Carter did," I paused at that, I
could almost hear how pleased he was.
Steve's eyes went wide, "what?"
"You didn't know did you? That she was pregnant at the time? That she had your child? A
child that...met with an unfortunate accident?" Wyndham laughed.
I blinked, 'this isn't right, this...this isn't part of the movie universe! Did….did I change
something?'
"No," Logan gasped, clenching his fists in fury.
"What did you do Wyndham?!" Steve cried out. I moved around, I need to find this guy, now!
"He was such a beautiful child Captain," the monster continued, "he had your eyes...and her
hair."
"There!" Jean cried out, pointing at a far away wall.
We all charged ahead, when suddenly all the vats started to vibrate and suddenly, the clones
inside jumped out and landed before us, naked like newborns, and each mutilated in some
form.

Some were missing their skin, some were missing a limb, some where hunched, one was so
deformed he looked like a mutated frog.
"SCREECH!" they all yelled, I heard some of their vocal chords snap from the tension. They
charged at us.
I jumped down and grabbed two, throwing them at another group, slamming them all into the
ground. I then stepped back and webbed them up to the ground, "there, that should-"
SNAP!
"-Fuck," I hissed, jumping back just as one tried to swipe his three digit hand across my face,
only to miss my five feet. They were strong, but stupid.
"These things are fucking creepy!" Johnny cried out as he lunched a fireball at one, only for it
to shrug off the flames and tackle Johnny to the ground. "AHH! Get it off! Get it off!"
"I have you," Jean picked up the clone and threw him back, Johnny's eyes were wide with
fear as Scott stepped up and blasted a whole bunch of them back into the wall.
"We'll handle this, you find Wyndham!" Logan to Cap and he swiped his claws across a
clone's neck, spraying blood everywhere.
"We harvested what we could from your son," Wyndham continued to talk, he wanted to
provoke Steve, and judging from the Avenger' face, he was succeeding.
"Shut up!" Steve cried out, throwing his shield at a speaker, destroying it easily before
charging at the wall Jean pointed to.
Just then the elevator opened up and out of it poured dozens of those animal hybrids, they
quickly surrounded us, helping the clones push us back. I had to jump to avoid a rhino's horn
from impaling me.
We stood around in a circle, the clones and animals surrounding us. I looked at cap, he
looked pissed, "got a plan cap?"
"Yes, carve a path for me, Wyndham's mine," he growled.
"Short, I like it," Johnny thrusted his hands to the side, flaming on, "ready Cyclops?"
"Say when Flameboy," Scott touched his visor.
"Hey, that's what I call him!" I chuckled.
"Ready?" Cap asked, "fire-"
KAKOOM!
We all stopped and watched a vat come toppling down, crushing the clones and hybrids,
clearing a clean path out. And standing on the other side was Jessica Drew with a look of

determination on her face, "your route captain."
"Okay, now that's cool," I smiled.
"Move!" Steve yelled, leading the charge with Logan following him. I jumped up, high
kicking a tiger Hybrid that tried to pounce on us in the face. I landed outside the mob and
stood back to back with Jessica as we punched and kicked the small army back.
"So you changed your mind?" I asked her as we kicked away one deformed clone after
another.
"You were right, it's not my fault, but I can at least do something to stop it!" Jessica yelled as
she threw several clones away, zapping them with her electricity.
"Cool," I grinned, "guess that makes you a superhero huh?"
"If you say so," she grinned back. Damn...she's kind of cute...I wonder is Felicia and Jean
would be open too...neah, no need to be so greedy.
Jean, Scott and Johnny were clearing them out in the droves. Jean pushed them away into the
walls while Scott and Johnny blasted them back with pure force and fire. I couldn't help but
grin, guess I got my own team now huh?
"I have a plan!" Jean called out.
"What is it?" asked Jessica, who apparently was now linked into our telepathic
communications.
"I'm going to bring the roof down, cut them off!" Jean explained as she looked up at the roof,
"Scott, I need you to help me out."
"Just tell me what you need," Scott replied.
"Everyone! Get back!" Jean cried out. Jessica and I jumped away as Johnny sent out a wide
spread blast, burning the enemies in front of us. Scott quickly sent two powerful beams at the
roof and stepped back, Jean closed her eyes, I felt her brain being stretched to the limits as
suddenly the roof came crashing down, dividing the room, cutting off the clones and hybrids.
I panted, watching the dust down, "okay Jean, you officially take Storm's place on my
'coolest mutant powers to have ever' list."
Jean smiled as she bent over, panting, "t-thanks Spider."
"We need to move," Johnny said as Jessica helped Jean up, "Cap might need us."
"Right, can you move Jean?" I asked.
"I'll manage," she sighed.

We quickly took off and found Cap and Logan standing before a broken wall, it looked like
Logan had gone all ape shit on it, ripping it apart with his claws. He tore the wall apart and
on the other side was a metallic door.
Logan roared and thrusted his claws forward, only for a gigantic electrical feedback to blast
him away.
"Logan!" I cried out, jumping into the air and catching him, putting the now, surprisingly
extremely heavy, unconscious man on the ground. I felt his pulse, "he's just knocked out."
"I'm afraid even his...impressive metallic claws can't cut through this," Wyndham's face
spread on a monitor to the side of the door. He stood in the middle of what looked like a lab,
"it has enough electrical current running through it to fry an elephant, I suppose his mutant
powers are the only reason he's still alive." He then looked over my shoulder and a sad smile
came on his face. "So Jessica, I see you decided to side with the enemy."
"You're my enemy," she growled out.
Cap looked at the man in rage, he threw his shield forward slamming the sharp edge of his
shield into the door, making a dent before it flew back into his hands, "what did you do to
Peggy?!"
"Nothing, nothing at all," Wyndham smiled, "but your son...well, sacrifices had to be made."
"You monster!" Steve cried out, throwing his shield again and again into the door but it didn't
leave anything more than a scratch.
"That door was made to stand a blast from a hundred pounds of TNT, I doubt a frisbee can do
any harm to it."
"Then it's a good thing they have me," Cyclops replied stepping forward, sending out a
optical blast strong enough to rip apart steel walls, slowly pushing the door apart.
I grinned, I turned to the monster, expecting Wyndham to be sweating bullets, but he didn't,
he looked claim, "Impressive indeed, but no matter, I want you to come for me, I expect it,
because I have a little surprise for you all."
BOOM!
Cyclops' optic blast ripped apart the door revealing a set of stairs going downwards. We
followed cap down the stairs and it lead us into a giant lab with a raised platform in back and
Wyndham standing before us, injecting himself with a red syringe.
"What is he doing?" Johnny asked.
Wyndham smiled as he dropped the now empty syringe, "what I did you stupid boy, is make
me the next step in human evolution! I must thank you Spider, the data you gave me was
invaluable! With it I was able to complete my formula," he threw away his can, spreading his
arms out as suddenly his wrinkles started to disappear, "you think I joined HYDRA to
become a fucking NAZI?! No! They were just a tool to be used! Like you all! I will now

ascend to the highest form of human perfection, evolving beyond what you people think
capable! I have unlocked the potential of the human body, I will soon become-"
"Actually evolution is a gradual change over hundreds and hundreds of years. What you're
doing is metamorphosing," I called out, cutting the man off. Everyone looked at me, I
shrugged, "what? He's a geneticist, he should know this crap!"
"You will be the first I crush Spider!" he roared as slowly he started to grow bigger and
bigger, increasing his muscle size.
"Everyone, charge, don't let him finish his change!" Cap cried out.
"Meah, don't bother," I called out.
"What? Why?!" Jessica asked in a panic.
"Because, 3...2...1...and..."
"BRUGH!" Wyndham reached as he vomited out his lunch and several drops of blood.
"That's why," I chuckled, "what type of moron would just inject himself with something that's
never been tested?"
"What did you do?!" Wyndham cried out as suddenly his muscles started to shrink, his
wrinkles returning and his body losing weight faster than an anorexic beauty queen.
"Did you really think I would just give you the Parker's research?" I chuckled as the others
looked at me, I walked forward, stepping on the platform, watching Wyndham curl into a ball
as he held his guts.
"Y-you changed the formula?! Impossible! I checked it over myself!"
"Maybe, but you never knew the full formula did you?" I squatted before him, "you see, on
the way over to give drive...I decided to be a bit of a dick."
Some time ago:
Felicia was behind the wheel as she flew my car towards the meeting point. She looked at me
in the passenger's seat as I linked the hard drive to the car's onboard HUD, "what are you
doing?" she asked.
"I'm putting in a trap," I told her as I looked into the formula, memorizing it and quickly
putting in over a dozen tracking software's and a few self destruct viruses.
"Think they would fall for that?" Johnny asked.
"Worth a shot, I'm not just going to give them the super soldier formula without a fight," I
growled, "can you imagine? Nazi's with an army of Captain America's?"
"You know, you should try and change it, so that they can't use it," Felicia suggested.

"No, from what you told me of this Wyndham guy he's a genetic genius, he would know if
something was missing," Johnny shook his head.
I stopped typing into my HUD and looked at my friends, "yeah….but if I rewrite the formula,
he wouldn't know. He...he might know half of it, just the first half. But the rest...it could be
anything."
"You have half an hour, do you really think you can make a new super soldier formula in 30
minutes?" Johnny asked.
"Of course not," I smiled, "but I can make a defective one in less than ten minutes that can
seem to be the real thing."
Now:
"I destroyed the real formula," I walked up to Wyndham's withering form, the other's slowly
approaching, "I didn't bother memorizing it, not worth the trouble." I lied, "the thing you
injected yourself with? It's a fucking dud. Like the thing between your ears."
"You bastard, you risked your relatives lives for this?!" Wyndham yelled.
"No, they were never going to be in danger," I walked away, spotting the hard drive linked to
a computer terminal, "I knew Fury would be pissed, he could come after us and probably
send his best agents. I also knew I could convince him the danger of HYDRA possessing the
'super soldier serum'. So all I had to do was get SHIELD to bust my relatives out before you
discovered my little trick. Ta da."
"Woah," Jessica blinked.
"Yeah, he's such a Slytherin," Johnny snorted.
"Y-you monster!" Wyndham roared, "do you have any idea what you have done?!"
"Stopped nazis from taking over the world?" I shrugged as I typed away at the computer,
suddenly pulling up hundreds upon hundreds of files.
Wyndham's eyes went wide, "w-what?! How are you doing that?! It should be impossible for
you to access those servers!"
"Should be, but you see, I also put a little bug in the formula, the moment you stuck it into
your terminal to analyze it, my virus was infecting every serve it could, meaning," I plucked
the hard drive out, "I now have the location of everything HYDRA you worked with over the
past ten hours. Not back for a kid from Queen's huh?"
Wyndham looked like he was going to die right then and there. Instead he just chose to faint.
We walked out of that base, Cap carried Wyndham over his shoulder while Jean
telekinetically carried Logan. We found SHIELD agents outside waiting for us with guns
pointed at the entrance.

Cap walked forward just as Fury walked passed his men and approached us, "sir, we captured
the HYDRA agent Wyndham, and Spider was able to procure vital data on the enemy."
Fury looked at me waving the hard drive, "and just how did he do that?"
"It's ah...it's a long story...you might not like me much after I finish telling you."
Fury narrowed his eyes, "to be frank kid, I don't like you much now." I gulped, great, just
what I need.

Chapter End Notes

Make sure to leave a comment and some kudos!

Chapter 25: A New Dawn
"I don't know if I should kill you or thank you, I'm frankly inclined to do the former," Fury
growled.
I gulped, "ah, can I explain?"
"What is there to explain?!" he slammed his fist into the conference table startling everyone
there, "you forced me to attack an enemy base without a proper plan on false evidence of a
national threat! You used an international spy agency like your personal maid service!"
Johnny was standing in the back snickering when Felicia and Jean hit him up the head. Scott
just smiled while Cap, Professor X, Storm and Logan looked content to stand away from
Fury's...well, fury.
I gulped, "in my defence, because of what I did we now know several other HYDRA base
locations that-"
"-That we found have found out if we tracked Wyndham's movements!" Fury roared.
"Not necessarily so sir," Hill suddenly spoke up, "I just got a call from a lab tech, apparently
some of these sites are off shore and would have been impossible to connect too-" she
stopped immediately the second Fury turned his one good eye on her. She gulped and
immediately backed down. Thanks Robin Sparkles, you were totally helpful.
"Sir, I understand what Spider-man did was a breach of protocol and trust, but he did it to
save his family," Steve stepped up behind me placing a hand on my shoulder, "he did good
work today."
"And he did it alone," Fury narrowed his eye at me, "he didn't tell me or anyone else what he
was planning. He-"
"-Actually he did tell us," Johnny spoke, "Cat and I knew right from the beginning and-"
Johnny stopped seeing Nick's eyes land on him, "I'm slowly realising I should shut up."
"Good, maybe you didn't melt your brains just yet," Fury narrowed his eye at me again,
"what were you thinking?!"
"I was thinking that if I told you the truth you would have opted to wait and see how long it
would take for Wyndham to realise his mistake so my little worm would catch a bigger net of
HYDRA bases. You would have risked my uncle and aunt's life just for more intel. And I
couldn't let that happen."
Fury meet my gaze and I was really glad I still had my helmet on, because I don't think the
beads of sweat currently forming on my face gives off the confidence my voice does.

"We'll discuss this later, for now...we have other problems," Fury turned away motioned to an
agent. Doors leading to a sleeping quarters opened up and May, Ben, Richard, Walter and
Jessica walked in.
Jessica's presence here really got to me, I could ignore it while in battle because my focus
was elsewhere, but now, damn she has a fine ass. She looked at me and bit her lips, she could
feel it too. We immediately took two steps away from each other, don't want to risk another…
'incident'.
May and Ben held each other, they looked lost and confused, they kept sending Richard side
glances, guess they still couldn't believe what they were seeing. Walter immediately went to
his daughter's side, holding her close.
Fury stepped back and folded his arms, "Mr. Ben Parker, May Parker, I trust my agents
informed you of what is happening currently?"
Ben nodded as he held his wife closely, "a-a sort of terrorist organization wanted my
brother's," he turned to Richard standing right next to him, "they wanted his work. And they
kidnapped us for it and asked Pete to bring it to them?"
"Where is Peter?" May suddenly blurted out, "is he alright? Did they hurt him?"
"Don't worry Mrs. Parker, Peter is just fine," he smirked before turning to Richard, "now,
ain't this a surprise. I thought you were dead Dr. Parker."
Richard nodded, "yes I….it's been a long time."
"How? How? After all this time?" Ben asked with a broken voice, "where were you?"
"Held prisoner, by Wyndham," Richard hung his head in shame, "I...I tried to escape, so
many times I tried. But I...I couldn't."
"Why? Why did they...how?" May asked.
"The plane...it didn't crash by accident," Richard looked furious, "they got on board, they
grabbed Mary and I and jumped out in parachutes. Hey must have done something to the
engines because as we floated down I saw the plane crashing into the middle of the ocean
with all the people in it."
"Killing three hundred people just to cover up the kidnapping of two," Logan growled. I had
to admit, that was a smart plan, cruel, but smart.
"Mary...she resisted, she...oh God, I saw her parachute snap, she took her kidnapper down
with her. I tried to do the same but I...I was too scared. Wyndham had me, he made me work
for him under the threat of coming after Peter and you, I couldn't-I couldn't let that happen."
"Did he ask you to make the formula for him?" Fury asked.
"Yes, he did," Richard nodded.

"And why didn't you? You had fifteen years, surely by now you could have done it again,"
Fury raised an eyebrow.
"Mary...she was the one who had cracked the code," Richard admitted with a smile,
"Wyndham, he... he alway considered me the genius and Mary as nothing more than a trophy,
but he was wrong. Mary was the true genius, she was the only one who knew how to make
the formula. She wanted to tell me but I refused, by then we suspected HYDRA was coming
for us, so the fewer people that knew the better. I stalled for as long as I could, a decade or so,
until finally Wyndham gave up, he decided to put me on another project, subject-D."
"Me?" Jessica asked.
Richard looked at her and nodded, "yes, you. He wanted me to reproduce your blood, we had
found you five years ago and had begun experimenting on your unique powers. I had to make
some progress of this front, or else he would have killed my family. So...I helped him. It
wasn't much, but I did the bare minimum to keep him happy."
"F-five years? But I've only been awake for ten months!" Jessica cried out.
"Wait, what? Can someone explain this to me? Because I'm totally lost," Johnny asked.
"Jessica was kept frozen in ice," Richard explained, "she was suffering from a rare disease
and her father, Jonathan Drew, one of my best friends, saved her life by using an
experimental version of his own super soldier serum. It saved her life, but in order for it to do
it's work, Jessica had to be put to sleep for a long...long time."
"H-how long?" Cat asked.
"Twenty years," Jessica replied grimly.
"So you can't make the formula huh?" Fury spoke up.
Richard turned to him, "yes, I'm sorry."
"No...no it's fine, best such power be not in the hands of anyone," Fury sent me a glare, "don't
know what kind of crazy child might end up with it."
"Awe, I love you too Fury, but you do know I'm straight right?" I snickered.
Fury rolled his eye as he rubbed his temples, "such a pain."
"W-what now?" Ben asked.
Fury looked at him, "I'm sorry?"
"What happens now? Will you let us go?" Ben asked.
Fury nodded, "of course. You two are free to leave, after you talk to one of our lawyers and
sign a NDA, this is a national security issue, you can't tell anyone what you saw." Ben and
May nodded in understanding. Fury then turned to Richard, "and as for you….well, I suppose

you suffered long enough. After a few days talking with our boys in the lab about everything
you did for Wyndham, I see no reason to keep you away from your family any longer."
"Really?" Richard's eyes went wide with hope.
Fury nodded, "yes, now-"
"-Thank you!" Richard grabbed Fury into a bear hug, making the spymaster raise a single
eyebrow in response.
"I see it's a family thing," Fury grumbled as he called a few agents and escorted the Parker's
away, promising them they would be home soon.
"Thank you," I whispered to him.
Fury sighed, "you did save the day...just don't do it alone again." I nodded, remaining silent
as Fury then turned to Xavier, "I hate to admit it, but I was wrong. You're X-men
were...invaluable."
Charles smiled, "I'm glad we could change your mind Fury, hopefully, if we can convince a
man such as you, there is hope for us yet."
"I wouldn't count on it professor, there are people out there with harder heads than mine,"
Fury smiled, "can I count on your team again?"
Xavier nodded, "that is what I made them for."
"Good, maybe this just might work," Fury extended a hand that Xavier shook, the two men
showing nothing but respect for each other.
"Sorry you guys,but it looks like we can't have that date after all," I heard Jean's voice in my
head.
"Don't worry about it," Felicia shrugged with a smile, "just tell us when, Peter can fly us over
any time."
Jean grinned, publically she waved us goodbye, but mentally she was sending us a list of
places she wanted to visit later. Felicia and I watched the X-men hope into their jet and fly
away, I knew this wouldn't be the last I saw of them, hopefully, I kind of like those guys.
Johnny and Cap then left, Johnny taking off after thanking me for such an awesome
adventure and Cap to see if any part of Wyndham's stories were true, if he really did have a
son. For his sake, I really hope it wasn't true, but then again, I knew I was kidding myself.
Finally, Fury turned to Walter, "Walter Hardy, as thanks for your services, I hereby reduced
your sentence by five years."
"How many years does he have left?" Felicia was quick to ask.
"Two life times," Walter replied much to Felicia's shock.

"What?! But that's not fair! You never hurt anyone! You only stole from those that deserve it
and-and, that's not fair."
"I know Kitten, I know," Walter grabbed his crying daughter into a hug, holding her tightly,
"I-I'm sorry, but I can't come home just yet. I promise, one day I will return, but until
then...please, hug your mother for me, and tell her I love her."
Felicia cried as Fury motioned for two agents to remove Walter. The Cat forcibly removed
his daughter from him as he walked away, hanging his head in shame.
"Dad! Don't go!" Felicia cried, she tried to run, but Walter shook his head. Felicia stood there
and cried. I slowly walked up behind her and pulled her into a hug. She weeped into my
shoulder. I held her, I didn't know what to do, I felt so helpless, I could do nothing but hold
the girl I love in my arms as she cried in pain.
SHIELD gave us a ride to the construction site where I left my car. Fury told me May and
Ben would only get home tomorrow morning, after a day of debriefing from SHIELD, and
Richard would take longer.
I had the huge task of acting out Peter's side of this story, officially, he had accidentally
stumbled onto the formula in one of Richard's old hard drives and HYDRA found out. I then
contacted SHIELD the moment May and Ben were kidnapped and they took over from there,
with the help of Spider-man, Captain America and a few other heroes, they were able to save
Peter's dear aunt and uncle.
I really am starting to hate having a secret identity.
As I flew my car across the night sky and turned to Felicia looking out at the window,
watching the stars slowly come out. I looked at her eyes, they were so distant, the gears in her
head turning, she was thinking and I knew exactly what she was thinking.
"You can't do it alone," I told her.
She looked at me, "do what?"
"You can't free your dad out from whatever prison cell SHIELD has him in."
She glared at me, "you have your father back Peter, but I don't, I won't give up on the man
just because-"
"Hey, hey, I'm not saying that-"
"-then what are you saying?!" she snapped.
"I'm saying you can't do it alone," I took off my helmet and turned to her, "you wouldn't last a
second. But if you happened to know a badass superhero who was amazing with tech and a
penchant for pissing of SHIELD, well, then maybe you have a chance."
Felicia's eyes went wide, "how did you know-"

"-Know what you were planning?" I chuckled, "you're my girlfriend, it's my job to know
Kitten," I put my hand around hers and squeezed, "I'll always be on your side Felicia.
Always. Just...don't do anything harsh, wait, we can come up with a plan first before-MPH!"
She lunged at me, kissing me on the lips. Doc, the car's AI, immediately took over and
stabilized the flight as I wrapped my hands around her and slowly pulled back. She pressed
her forehead against mine, "I love you Peter Parker."
I grinned, "I love you Felicia Hardy….please don't try to take on an international government
agency all by yourself."
Felicia grinned, "fine. But you owe me."
I rolled my eyes, "if I must."
The next day was...odd to say the least. Ben and May had finally been discharged by
SHIELD and I was there at home when they came acting the role of the sick nephew. They
acted strange around me, more reserved, I didn't know why until Ben told me later on.
"Peter...there's something you should know...it's about your dad," he told me as May gripped
his arm tightly.
'Ah, so that's why,' I realised. I put on an innocent smile, "what about him uncle Ben?"
"He's….he's alive Peter," cue my shock. And then followed a PG version of what happened
to Ben and May. Ben had seriously edited the story, he made it look like my mom...Peter's
mom...wow, things are getting harder and harder to change huh?
Anyway, he made it sound like Mary didn't commit suicide to stop the formula from getting
out, but rather her parachute was faulty. Ben also made Richard's stay with Wyndham seem
pleasant, not the torturous ordeal it really was.
By the end I think I deserve an Oscar for the performance I put up. I excused myself by the
end of his tale and went out with my backpack. Ben and May thought I needed some space,
but really, all I needed was to be out of that house. Acting was hard man!
I made it a few streets down when suddenly I heard someone call me out. "Hey Peter!" I
stopped and sighed, so close.
I turned around and saw MJ walking up to me. She wore a loose white top that showed off a
black bra strap, a pair of jeans with sandals and a green cap with pink sunglasses.
I smiled, "hey MJ, what's up?"
"Nothing much, so you heading out, what's new with you? Fight any super villains lately?"
"Sh! Not so loud!" I looked around, thank God no one was there, "I do have a secret identity
you know!"
MJ rolled her eyes, "right."

"Hey, don't' give me that look. This is all for you I'll have you know."
"What do you mean?" MJ asked as we walked out of our neighbourhood.
"Well think about it. Why do I need a secret identity? Felicia can totally handle herself, girl
has mad skill. Ben and May might be in danger, but anyone stupid enough to go after them
will have the entire Avengers team on their tail. So yeah, you're really the only one who
would be in any danger if people knew my secret identity."
"Oh, so if like Electro decided to kidnap me, you wouldn't come and save me?"
"What? Of course I would!"
"But no Avengers?"
"Well, yeah. I tell them the old couple who helped raise me is in danger, everyone I'll be here
in seconds. But I tell them this cute redhead from across the street is missing and I doubt they
would all be motivated."
"Hey! That's rude!"
I laughed, "sorry. But it's totally true. Steve has a hero complex, so maybe he would show up,
and Tony has a soft spot for family members that actually gives a crap. Hawkeye is...well he's
weird, but he's totally a family guy. Black Widow actually knows Ben and May on a personal
level, so she would help. Only Thor and Hulk are no shows and that's because one is a God
currently off planet and the other is...well, the Hulk."
MJ huffed, "oh please. I hardly believe that. I doubt they would be so willing to help out.
Other than you I don't really see those guys as...well, as giving a crap. They just seem so
distant."
I smirked, "actually, I know for a fact is anything happened to May and Ben they would come
to help."
"Really? How?"
"Where do you think they have been for the past two days?" I asked raising an eyebrow.
MJ's eyes went wide as she stopped on the spot, "what?!"
I smiled as we walked into a park and sat down in an isolated part of the park. I put my
backpack to the side and sat with MJ as I told her what happened. Of course I didn't tell her
anything classified or sensitive, but I did give her the headlines.
Found dad's old research, Ben and May kidnapped, teamed up with Cap, Widow and
SHIELD to save them, took down bad guys, found out my dad was really alive this whole
time.
"Whoa...that's like...whoa," MJ blinked in utter amazement, "so your dad's-"

"-Alive and kicking, yup," I snorted, "honestly, I didn't see that coming. I knew exactly what
was going to happen, I had it all planned out, but him….I never could have accounted for him
MJ...it was like a miracle."
MJ squeezed my hand tightly, "I'm happy for you Peter. Not many people get their parent's
back."
I sighed, "yeah, well maybe you can tell me how I'm supposed too….never mind."
MJ nodded, "I guess it will be super awkward, but Peter, I know people who would kill for
something like this."
"Maybe...but I'm not his son," I whispered to myself, but she heard me.
"You are his son," she told me, "you are his son and he's your dad….you'll figure it out, I just
know it."
"Yeah? And why do you say that?" I asked.
MJ smiled, "you're Spider-man, that's what you do."
I sighed, "MJ, do you think it's some else under that mask? It's me, it's always me. I
can't….I'm not some different guy the moment I put it on."
"No, you are, when you have it on you're the real Peter Parker, the real you."
"You really think so?"
MJ smiled, "I know so." I rolled my eyes but said nothing. We both sat in silence as we just
rested for a while. Finally MJ spoke again, "how's Felicia?"
I sighed, "she's...she has her own issues to deal with," I didn't tell MJ about Felicia's father, it
was a private thing.
"What's more important than helping your boyfriend out?" MJ asked with a snort.
I smiled, "family issues MJ, you know how she is. Believe me, she knows, and the moment
she's out of her funk she'll be worried about me too."
MJ shrugged, "right, just saying, if you were my boyfriend I wouldn't leave you hanging."
I snorted, 'really subtle there MJ,' "anyway, what's new with you? Sorry I haven't kept in
touch over the summer, it's just-"
MJ waved me off, "-forget about it, I know, I see the NEWS too you know? Spider-Man has
been pretty busy over the past two months. Helping clean up the city, heck I think last week
you saved a cat from a tree or something?"
"It was a cat, but it was from a burning building," I sighed, "the city's in a mess since the
attack, the others and I are doing our best but….it'll be back to normal soon, but I don't know

how long that might take."
MJ shrugged, "you'll figure it out, you always do."
I smiled, "thanks MJ, nice to know someone believes in me."
MJ smiled as we sat there in silence, just enjoying the breeze.
Eventually I did go back home, talked to May and Ben about Richard and how to act around
him. It was a pain in the ass, but I did alright for myself, I think. The next day came quickly
and I found myself waiting by the door with Ben and May, just waiting for Richard to arrive.
The door opened and slowly Richard stepped in. He wore a plain white shirt with the
SHIELD logo printed on it and a pair of jeans a few sizes bigger than his. He carried a
handbag and the moment he looked at me I felt something...something pull at my
heartstrings.
"Peter," he smiled.
I gave a tight smile, "hey...dad." The man dropped his bag and walked over to me giving me a
tight hug. I hugged him back, though I felt a little awkward doing so. I could hear May
sobbing besides me while Ben comforted her, but they weren't sad tears, they were tears of
joy.
We eventually moved to the kitchen where May practically shoved food down our throats.
Richard ate his food in silence as he took to just looking at me, which was really awkward.
"He's tall," Richard smiled as he ate his waffles.
"That he is. I think he gets that from Mary's side of the family," Ben replied with a smile.
"You both did an amazing job raising him," Richard turned to May, "thank you."
"Oh hush you," Mary flashed him a smile, "he's his father's son after all, he was no trouble."
"No, he was Mary's son," Richard said with a painted tone, "he may look a little bit like me,
but he has his mother's heart, and her smile."
"What was she like?" I found myself suddenly asking, "i-if you don't mind talking about her
that is."
"She's your mother Peter, it doesn't matter what I want," Richard chuckled, "Mary...Mary was
amazing. Brilliant yet humble, the kind of girl you meet every hundred years, if you're lucky.
She could light up a room when she walked in."
"She also had quite a temper," May giggled, "I remember this one time, you and her had this
little spat about where to spend Peter for school and she didn't talk to you for a week!"
Richard laughed, "yes, she insisted on sending him to a private school, but I thought public to
be better."

"Why is that?" I asked.
"Well, you're our son, you were bound to be smart, so sending you somewhere to get smarter
is kind of redundant. The one thing your mother and I lacked though, was people skills, we
weren't...well, you know how nerds are," Richard chuckled, "I wanted you to have friends, to
find out how the world really was. Mary...well, she thought you couldn't cut it."
"Well she was right," I said smugly, "because I'm in a private school and I'm awesome."
Richard and Ben laughed as May ruffled my hair playfully. The meal was finished quickly,
Richard now nursed a cup of coffee and sipped it slowly, watching me carefully.
"You really have to stop staring," I told him, "kind of creepy."
"Hey, I haven't seen you for over a decade, deal with it," the man smiled. He still looked a
little thin for his size, his cheeks hollowed out, but that smile made him seem just a little
more alive.
"So do you know what you're going to do now?" Ben asked.
"I...I'm not really sure," Richard replied, "it's been so long...I don't even have a house."
"Well you can stay here for as long as you want," May told him, "Peter dear, is the basement
ready?"
I nodded, "just made it last night aunt May, though I left my lab intact, just in case...dad
wants to use it," again, never going to get used to saying that word.
"Why don't you get some rest Rich? I'm sure you need it," Ben smiled, "we can deal with the
future together, as a family."
Richard smiled, "thanks Ben," he quickly finished his coffee and got up.
"Come on, I'll show you to your room," I walked before him leading to the basement. I turned
on the light and revealed a much cleaner basement than before with clean sheets on the bed
and a freshly cleaned floor.
"This is fine Peter, thank you," Richard smiled as he put his single hand bag full of stuff on
his bed. He looked around and immediately spotted my lab, "is that yours?"
I nodded, "yeah, I have another workstation at the Baxter building though, so I don't use this
much, you're welcome to it if you want."
Richard nodded, "thank you," he sat down on the bed and looked at me, "why didn't you tell
them?"
I sighed, I knew this was coming, I pulled up a seat next to him and sat down, "because they
would freak out. May has a heart problem, she wouldn't be able to handle it. And Ben...he
wouldn't like it, but he would know it was the right thing to do and I'm pretty sure that will
make him hate it even more."

Richard sighed, "this isn't what your mother and I wanted for you son. This life, it's, it's not
safe."
"With great power..."
"...comes great responsibility," Richard snorted, "yeah, I know. You're grandfather used to say
that to me all the time. Ben always took to it but me...well, I know the consequences of
power."
I nodded, "yeah, I know you do."
"Did you really destroy it? All of it?" Richard asked.
"Yeah."
"And you didn't memorize it?"
"Yeah," I didn't even hesitate, the formula was my biggest secret, no way I would ever tell
anyone about it, not even my...dad. Damn this is weird.
"Good, let it stay buried," Richard nodded as he rubbed his hands nervously. He looked at me
and for a while we both said nothing, he finally broke that silence, "so, the Baxter building
huh?"
I grinned, "yeah...hey dad, you need a job right?" The man looked surprised but nodded
slowly.
The Next Day:
"Hello there, I'm Susan," Sue smiled as she shook Richard's hand, "welcome to the Baxter
building."
"Woah," Richard said as he stared in open awe at the living room of the FF.
"Yeah," I patted him on the shoulder, "you'll get used to it."
"Yo Peter!" Johnny called out as he came flying inside, turning off his flames and landing
before me, "hey man. Oh, hey Dr. Parker, fancy seeing you here."
"Hello," Richard replied slowly, "Johnny, right?"
"Yup," Johnny grinned, "not to be rude or anything, but ah, what exactly are you doing here?"
"Well, he needs a job, and I figured this might be the best place for him," I shrugged, "it's
either that go work for someone like Osborn or Stark. The former being a maniac and the
latter...well, a charming maniac."
"And considering the things he's been able to do for Wyndham, I'm sure he's more than
qualified," Susan smiled, "it's about time we get someone specialising in genetics around

here, the only other person is me and I'm honestly too busy with paperwork and managing the
foundation."
"I'll help where I can," Richard nodded.
"Great, come on, I'll show you where you can work," Sue guided him into the corridor with
our labs. His lab was a few doors down from mine, plenty of place to keep my work private.
"So, you're dad's going to be working here huh?" Johnny said looking at Sue and Richard talk
to each other in hushed tones, "how are you dealing?"
"I'm freaking out man," I admitted, "I honestly have no idea how I'm supposed to act right
now. I haven't seen the man ever, hell, I thought he was dead most of my life!"
"Well, all I know is if that was my dad? I would spend every second I could with him,"
Johnny sighed.
I smiled at him, patting his shoulder, "so...you want to beat up criminals?"
"Hell yeah!"
"I'll get my suit," I chuckled, running into my lab to do just that.
I had a month of free time after that. Richard was quickly settling into his lab at the Baxter
building and ended up teaching even Sue a thing or two about genetics. He wanted to
continue doing his research, but I quickly warned him off it, it was too dangerous, and he
agreed. Poor guy, his world was just broken in half, he doesn't deserve this.
I did however keep myself busy, I helped the local police take down a drug ring over the
course of a month, breaking them down piece by piece until they were so desperate, it was
laughable how easy it was to break them up.
People really liked seeing Spider-man swinging around their city, said it gave them hope that
things would be better. There were more copycats every day, I did my best to discourage
them, even ranting on social media about how they were putting themselves in danger. But of
course they didn't listen to me.
Nat had continued to train me on a regular basis now, my fighting skills weren't really up to
her level, but I'm getting there soon enough. Whenever she wasn't around, David was my
instructor, asshole. Either way my SHIELD training was slowly progressing, I have a feeling
Fury's going to call me up for a mission any day now.
I spent some time with Richard, a few nights in the Baxter building eating dinner alone.
Dinner being pizza I swung in. I'm pretty sure Sue cleared out the entire den whenever
RIchard and I sat for dinner, I once saw Ben trying to sneak into Johnny's lab with take out. I
asked Reed about it but the guy just smiled and replied, 'he's your dad, spend some time with
him why don't you?'
Stupid lovable goofs.

I called up Jean a few times, apparently Logan had increased their training regime by twofold, apparently the fact that they didn't automatically win made him very frustrated. Jean
kept complaining about it, Felicia and I visited her a couple of times, though we never could
stay for long.
And speaking off the hottest girl in the world, who is my girlfriend, she is currently trying to
crack open a very nice looking safe.
"So ah, this really isn't what I had in mind when you asked me if we should go out tonight," I
told Cat as I hanged from the ceiling on a web line.
"Well, if you want after this we could go get dinner," she smiled as she placed a laser on the
metal case, slowly cutting it open. It was something I invented, a very handy tool if I do say
so myself.
"So what did this guy do to face the wrath of the Black Cat?" I asked her.
"Smuggles blood diamonds," Cat replied, "used people's bodies to do it. And after they're
done being his mule he kills them and throws them into the river."
I whistled, "damn, bad guy. You have proof?"
"Yup. Pictures and everything."
"So why didn't you call the cops?"
"He has a very good lawyer," she grumbled. The case opened and Cat smiled, pulling a large
bag out. She opened it revealing a large collection of diamonds, "nice."
"And what exactly do you plan on doing with said diamonds?" I asked as we crawled through
the air vents. Cat was leading, so I got a very clear view at fine ass as she shimmied in front
of me.
"Maybe fence them, put the cash in several charities across the globe. You know, the usual,"
she came out of the air vent and onto the building's roof.
I climbed and immediately grabbed her, carrying her bridal style and slowly spinning her
around, "alright, now that business is over, care for a romantic night out on the town?"
"Hm, I like the sound of that," she looked over my shoulder and smiled, "though I don't think
they like that idea."
"Stop right there!" a couple of men came flying out onto the roof with guns blazing.
"See you later alligator!" I cried out as I leaped off the ledge with Cat in my arms.
"WOHOOO!" she cried in joy as one of my robo arms popped out and shoot out a web line,
swinging us away from safety and away from the bullets.

"You really do overreact a lot," I smiled, holding her tight as we swung through the city's
skyline.
"Oh please, I just appreciate the amazing feeling you get when you swing through the city,"
Felicia smiled.
I chuckled, "yeah, I guess." I took us to Central Park, landing near the edges of the park,
away from prying eyes. We then walked to the Metropolitan museum of Art and climbed
onto the roof.
There Felicia gasped as she saw a picnic basket and a blanket. "Peter, you really shouldn't
have."
I shrugged, "hey, school's going to start tomorrow, the summer just went by so fast. I figured
you and I needed to spend one night together," I sat down and patted the seat besides me.
Felicia smiled a she did so. The night was calm, the sky clear as the moon shined down on us.
I opened the picnic basket and took out several boxes of Tupperware with May's home made
lasagna inside.
Felicia liked her lips as she grabbed her fork, "is that May's lasagna?"
I chuckled, "yup."
"Give me!" Cat grabbed the box and practically inhaled the delicious food, "so good!"
I laughed as I slide my mouth pieces up, "you know, keep eating like that I'm going have to
adjust the size of your costume."
"Watch it Mr.," she pointed her fork threateningly at me, "I'm armed and dangerous. And did
you just call me fat?"
"Nope, I'm not that stupid," I smiled as I took out another box of lasagna and a fork.
"You brought more?"
"I know how much you like May's cooking," shrugged as I ate my box, far slower than
Felicia, actually chewing my food.
"Thanks Spider," she smiled, "so, looking forward for the new school year?"
I shrugged, "you tell me. I basically have a free pass, I'm already working, so May and Ben
are more understanding."
"Mom's a pain, the one thing she does actually care about is my education," Felicia grumbled,
"stupid woman."
"Well just think, two more years then you're scot free!" I smiled, "actually, now that I think
about it, it's actually just one year right?"

Felicia blinked, "what?"
I smiled as I reach back and took out a small black box. I gave it her as Cat carefully opened
it, gasping at the sight of two silver bracelets.
"Happy birthday Kitten," I whispered as I leaned in and kissed her on the cheek.
"H-how did you know!" Felicia asked looking shocked, "I never told anyone!"
"Yeah, I know, but I had Reed hack into the government's database and check on your birth
certificate," I shrugged.
Felicia rolled her eyes, "or, I don't know, you could have just asked me."
"Would you have told me the truth?" I smiled.
"Yes…..no….maybe," Felicia blushed.
"I love you too," I leaned towards her, "well? Try them on."
Felicia nodded as she slipped the silver bracelets onto her wrists, one on each hand. Suddenly
started buzzing alive, shirking down to fit comfortably in her wrists.
"What are they?" Felicia asked.
"Well, I know how much you like swinging through the city, so," I pressed the bracelet and
suddenly a small mechanical lever popped out and extended to the palm of her hand, "I
figured you should have your own web shooters."
"Peter," she said in awe, "you shouldn't have."
I shrugged, "yeah, but I did. So? Give it a wave."
Felicia smiled, she aimed and fired a web line out of her shooters that came out like a bullets,
sticking onto a tree branch.
"I had the settings on quick shot webbing, I figured you really wouldn't need anything else. It
has enough webbing to last you a month, maybe, if you are running low it'll-OMPH!"
She jumped on me, kissing my on the lips. I smiled as I leaned on my back and wrapped my
arms around her. She drew back and slowly the moon's silver beams ran through her hair,
giving her a halo of pure light.
"We are totally moving in together," Felicia said with a smile.
I was stunned, "w-what?!"
"I-I, sorry, I just, it just came out-"
"-Y-you want to live together?!" I squeaked out in a small pathetic voice.

"Well I was thinking about it, you mentioned getting free of my mom in a year's time, I figure
with your job and my...hobby, we could get our own place. It wouldn't be that hard and-oh
my god I'm rambling and-"
I pressed my finger on her lips, "breath kitten," she took a deep breath and let it out. "Now, I
think we're a little young to be moving in together, I'm still 16, and you're 17, if you want to
move in with me you're going to have to wait two years."
Felicia nodded, "yeah, I know, forget I said anything."
"Oh hell no!" I smiled, "you so cannot just take this back! You said it yourself, in two years
time you're moving in with me, got it?"
"Wait, what?"
I shrugged, "I think it's a great idea. Just, we're too young, that's all."
Felicia's face turned from shock to joy as she kissed me once again. I spent the rest of the
night teaching her how to use the web shooters, after which we went out into the city for her
first web swinging. And I swear, for a beginner, she's a natural.

Chapter 26
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"Why?" I asked for what I felt was the hundredth time.
"Because going to school is what a normal 16 year old should be doing," Richard replied.
"Really? Do normal sixteen year olds work in the same building as the smartest man alive?" I
raised an eyebrow.
"No, but do need to develop people skills, which is why your mother and I wanted you to go
to school in the first place."
"I have great people skills!" I called out.
"Really?"
"Yes," I nodded, "I mean heck, how many kids do you know that has Tony Stark's number on
speed dial, Cap's home address and Hulk's spare purple pants?"
Richard sighed, "the Avengers aren't regular people Peter. You need to do this to make
friends."
"I have friends!"
"Really? How many?"
"Ah….five?" I blinked, wow, did I really know so few people?
"You're going to school," Richard replied with a serious glare, "no arguments."
"You know, if you just let me start college already I would get on amazingly with the mature
crowd there."
"You have to get used to dealing with morons Peter, that's the burden of being a genius,"
Richard replied grabbing my backpack and throwing it to me, "relax kiddo, you'll have fun."
I rolled my eyes, "I hate you so much right now."
"I'm sure you do," the man chuckled as I walked out of the house. I saw Ben and May finally
coming out from hiding and talk to Richard, guess they wanted this to be a father and son
moment.
I looked at the drive way and smiled at the sight of my car, well, at least not everything will
be the same.

"Hey Peter," MJ called out as she came over from across the street, "ready for a new year?"
I raised an eyebrow looking at her brand new clothes. She wore a pair of jeans, an open pink
shirt over a long sleeved white shirt with a heart shaped spider-man face in the middle.
"Nice shirt," I smiled, "get in."
MJ chuckled as she sat in the passenger's seat putting her bag in the back, "so, going to pick
up Felicia?"
"No," I told her as I backed out of the driveway, "she said she'll be coming on her own and
Liz said she got her own ride."
"She did?" MJ asked surprised, "she didn't tell me."
"Me neither," I shrugged, "I just think she's jealous. I mean, come on, what could compare
my baby?"
MJ rolled her eyes, "and just when I thought you couldn't become even more of a nerd."
"Hey! I'm a freaking superhero! How is that being a nerd?!"
"Just because you're a superhero doesn't mean you aren't a nerd," MJ grinned.
"Damn red heads," I chuckled as we drove to school. We arrived quickly, guess there was a
big difference when going on a long winding bus route rather than a direct trip to school. I
did spend some time in the parking lot though, find a place to park, honestly it was such a
pain in the butt, I'm almost tempted to just web swing my way to school.
MJ and I got out of the car just as a familiar mercedes pulled up besides us. The top was
down so we could see Harry and Flash staring at us and then to the car.
"Damn, where did you get that piece of junk?" Flash laughed as he jumped out and kicked it's
rims, "what? Was it on sale and the garbage dump?"
"How did you even get that thing to run Parker?" Harry laughed, "it must have been a pain to
restore."
I shrugged, "money well spent," I motioned to MJ and we quickly left.
"Hey wait up!" Harry called out, great, just great. He and Flash flanked us as we walked into
the school ground. "So, what happened to Felicia? You guys broke up?"
I raised an eyebrow, "no, why did you think that?"
"Because you arrived in school with her," Harry pointed at MJ who simply glared back.
"Oh yeah, that makes total sense, and it has nothing to do the fact that Peter and I are
neighbors," MJ rolled her eyes.

"Well I don't know man, if I had a girl I ended up coming to school with someone else, well
that's a pretty good sign things are bad," Harry chuckled.
"Hey Pete, would you mind if I tried for Hardy?" Flash asked.
I glared at him, "do it and she'll kick you in the balls."
"Harsh," Harry snorted, "come on Flash, I see some new blood that needs introducing," he
pointed at a couple of freshmen walking in.
I glared and moved to stop them when MJ grabbed my shoulder, "relax Peter, they won't get
far," she pointed at the vice principal suddenly walking over. Flash and Harry spotted him too
and immediately the stopped what they were doing.
I sighed, "first day here and I already have a headache."
"Hm, where's Liz? I figured she would be here by now," MJ asked looking around.
"Did someone say my name?!" Liz called out as suddenly she came rolling in, throwing her
arms around MJ's shoulder, "hey guys!"
"Hey Liz," I smiled, "excited for a new day?"
"You bet your ass I am!" Liz grinned, "anyway, where's Felicia?"
"She said she was coming on her own," MJ shrugged.
"Oh? She got a ride?" Liz asked.
"Not exactly," I said with a smile as I pointed upwards. The girls turned just in time to see
Felicia, now in costume as the Black Cat, swing over the school and disappear out of sight. I
saw several other students try and take a picture, but they all lost sight of her quickly. Thank
God for big buildings.
"How did...how did she do that?" Liz asked.
"Web shooters, I made her a pair for her birthday," I replied with a shrug.
"Can you make me some?" MJ asked.
"Are you a master gymnast with amazing balance?" I asked.
"Ah….please?"
I chuckled, "fine, I'll see what I can do. But no swinging around, they are strictly for self
defence."
"Oh! I want a set too!" Liz asked.
"No," I replied.

"Why not?"
"Because you'll be irresponsible with it," I told her as we entered the school.
"No I wouldn't!"
"Yes you would," MJ and I said at the same time. Just then the closet door burst open and
Felicia came out with a big smile on her face and frizzy hair.
"Hey you, nice day?" I asked giving her a firm kiss on her lips.
"Yeah," she smiled as we walked down the corridor, "I stopped a guy from jumping oh and
this old lady a block over was lost, so I helped her out, she gave me a granola bar, want it?"
she asked offering me said bar.
"Don't mind if I do," I smiled quickly opening it up, "remember when you said you would
never be a wannabe goody two shoes like me?"
Felicia rolled her eyes, "yeah, yeah, you can say I told you so." I grinned but said nothing as I
munched on the bar.
"You know it's so cool that we're best friends with superheros!" Liz whispered, "I wish I
could tell people that," she grumbled seeing Flash and Harry walk by, whistling at a group of
cheerleaders passing by.
"You still hung up on him?" MJ asked.
"Who? Flash? No! It's just," Liz grumbled, "nevermind. Anyway, who do you have first
period?"
We compared classes and quickly found that I wouldn't be sharing a lot of classes with them
since most of my classes were advanced placements. Felicia was a little saddened, but she
understood, if I didn't have something challenging I would rip my hair off.
So school was the same, pretty much. I had to force myself to keep awake, luckily though it
seems whatever God this universe had decided to cut me some slack and made time go by
much faster.
After school ended I gave MJ the keys to my car, after getting a promise from her that she
wouldn't total it. Felicia had to see her mom, apparently she had gotten a temp job at her
mother's firm. Kitten didn't like it, but it needed to be done. Felicia was looking more
information about her mother's clients, finding new ways to screw them over.
Liz practically vanished at the end of the day, going off to God knows where. But the girl did
her own thing and I can respect that. So that just left me alone and some good one on one
SHIELD training with Nat.
"Move Spider!" Natasha yelled firing off rubber bullets at me.

"This so isn't fair!" I cried out jumping away as fast as she can. She clipped my arm but I
managed to land safely before being forced to jump away once again, "does Captain America
have to deal with this crap?!"
"You wouldn't believe what he does for training," Nat replied as she fired at my head, I just
managed to duck under the bullet before springing forward and kicking one of her guns out
of her hand.
She grabbed my leg and sweeped the other one, I came falling down but I managed to pull
her down with me, rolling over her. She jammed the gun down my neck before I struck it
aside and drew back my fist ready to strike.
Just then I felt my spider sense go off as something cold and metallic was pressed against my
junk. I looked down to see a sharp knife in her hands and a cocky smile on her face, "you
should expect everything Spider."
"In my defence, I'm wearing sweats while you're in full gear," I groaned as I got up and
offered her a hand.
Nat took it and gathered her weapons, "you need to be ready, you can't always rely on that
suit to help you out you know."
"I know," I sighed, "anyway I've been meaning to ask you, Jessica Drew, what happened to
her?"
"SHIELD has provided Ms. Drew with protection," Nat explained, "she's fine Peter, I
promise."
"Good, you better not be experimenting on her, we spiders stick together," I said as I wiped
my face with my shirt, showing off my sweat covered abs. I looked up and saw Nat's eyes
flash over to my body, "pervert."
"You're the exibishionst here," Nat argued.
"Cradle robber," I glared.
"How old do you think am I?"
"I don't know, 30?" I shrugged. She said nothing, just smiling as we walked out of the
training room and sat down at the briefing table. I went to the fridge and got a bottle of water
for us both, I sighed as I sipped the cool drink, "so, how did I do?"
"Not bad," she replied, "you're getting better day by day."
I nodded, "right, so how's Cap? After what Wyndham said I...is he alright?"
Nat nodded, "he'll get better. Last I heard he found his son's grave, he and Peggy visited it a
week ago."

"Right," I sighed, I really wished that part wasn't really, I really did, "so, anything new for
me?"
"A mission?" Nat asked, to which I nodded, "soon, very soon. But for now, just continue
doing what you're doing."
"Right," I emptied the water and threw it away, tossing my sweat covered sweatshirt into the
laundry bin, "I'm going to take a shower."
"Want me to join?" she asked with an amused smile.
"Felicia wouldn't like that," I chuckled, "besides, you can't handle me." Nat raised a challenge
eyebrow at that, I think I may have pissed her off just a little. Good.
After a quick change of clothes I put on my uniform and swung out into the fresh afternoon
air. I swung into the city and began patrolling around Hell's kitchen, last I heard ever since
the attack thi part of town had been stir trouble, since Matt hasn't dawned the horns just yet I
figured I could keep an eye out over here.
Just then the sounds of police sirens went off in the distance. I swung over and found myself
in a stand still. There were several officers standing behind their cars with their guns drawn
and another guy ducking behind a car dressed in red and yellow wearing gloves and a helmet.
I blinked, 'no way.'
I looked over his cover and stretched his hands out shooting out wave of vibrations that sent
the cops car back a few feet, "beat it pigs! Or you'll have to face the Shocker!"
I blinked, 'huh, guess there is a version of the Shocker in this world,' I swung down, "heyo!"
"What the-" I swung in with a kick, he didn't have time to react. I sent him flying into a lamp
post and quickly tied him up with some webbing. I waited for him to escape and start blasting
me but it never came.
"Wait, what?" I blinked and quickly approached him. I tapped his chin, he was knocked out
cold. "Damn,...I kinda expected more."
"Thanks Spidey, we'll take it from here," an officer told me as he grabbed his cuffs.
"Ah, alright I guess," I said jumping away and swinging off. I watched from a rooftop as the
loaded a still unconscious Shocker into their cruiser, his weapons taken away from him.
I chuckled, 'worst. Super villain. Ever.'
I continued my patrol after that minor incident. As I covered the few blocks of the city I
noticed the clouds growing greyer. And in the distance just over Central Park I could see
what looked like a clearing of sky, like the eye of a storm. Something was off and I don't need
spider senses to tell me that.
I swung over to the Park and when I reached I found the cyclone eye had moved a few blocks
into the city. Something was definitely off now.

I decided to follow it, swinging towards it. And just as I reached it hanging over a bunch of
buildings off Park avenue a flash of light exploded right in the middle of the storm.
"What the fuck?!" I cried out and squinted my eyes just in time to see a rip in space as a
green protal big enough to swallow an elephant opened up in the sky. I had only ever seen
that before once in my life, was Loki coming back? That didn't make any sense!
I was just about to call the Avengers when suddenly out of the portal a man dressed in green
armour flew out, flying away with rocket boots similar to Tony's design. I blinked in utter
confusion as I watched him fly away. And just then another figure came flying out of the
portal before landing on a building roof top with the grace of an acrobat.
"Okay, now I've seen everything," I blinked as I watched the portal close up. The flying green
man disappeared while the other figure cursed. I swung by to get a better looked and perched
on top of a building overlooking the roof she was standing on.
She wore a skin tight blue and red suit with spider webs on it. And yes, it was a she, those
curves around her hips and chest couldn't possibly be from a guy. She smashed her hand onto
the roof and sighed, I saw her look around desperately, she seemed...lost?
"Ah, excuse me?" I called out grabbing her attention, "can I help you miss?"
She looked at me and gasped, "woah. Who the hell are you?"
I leaped from the the building and landed a few feet away from her, "I could ask you the
same thing. Cosplay or superhero?"
"Ah, superhero," she looked at me, "Gerry? Is that you?"
"Ah...no, I'm sorry, hi, I'm Spider-man, and you are…?" I looked at her, now that I was closer
I noticed her costume wasn't exactly like the classic spiderman suit. In fact it looked more
like Ben Riley's costume from when he was Spider-man. Web Shooters on the outside, halfboots and a 'V' like belt….oh shit.
"I'm Spider-girl," the younger woman replied, "and...ah, I don't really think I belong here."
I sighed, "no, you don't, if you're who I think you are, you definitely don't."
"Wait, you know me?"
"I have a guess," I looked her over, "tell me, what's the year for you?"
"The year? What do you mean?" she asked looking around for a way to escape, not that I
would let her.
"I'm trying to figure out if you time traveled or crossed the dimensional barrier," I told her,
"now, the date, please."
"It's 25th August 2008," she told me.

I sighed, "oh thank God, I thought you were from the future."
"I'm sorry, but do you know me?"
I snorted, "yeah, of course I do, which father wouldn't be able to recognize his own daughter?
In a manner of speaking."
"What?!" she cried out, looking me over, "you-you're-"
I sighed, "-yup. And you are May Parker, the daughter of Spider-man, me. Meaning..."
"Dad?" she asked in utter surprise.
"Not quite," I told her holding up my SA to display the time, "the year is 2012, so you didn't
time travel. I suspect you hoped dimensions, in this world I wasn't born until 1996 and since
I'm still a teenager, there's no way you're my kid."
"So...you aren't my dad?" May asked.
"Strictly speaking? No. But genetically, yes," I grumbled, "how did you come here?"
"I was following a bad guy, he calls himself Spyral, he's super smart and recently he tried to
blow up a city. The FF and I stopped him but...I think he might have escaped," she admitted.
I sighed, "let me guess, he wore a green armour and could fly?"
"Yup," she nodded, "did you see him?"
I nodded, "he was flying South before I lost sight of him."
"Great, now how am I supposed to get back home?!" May cred out.
"Hey relax, I'll help you out," I tapped my phone in my helmet and called out, "dial Fury,
SHIELD."
The phone rang for a while before he picked up, "this better be important."
"A man with the ability to open space bridges arrived a few minutes ago. He's apparently
smart enough to travel through dimensions and crazy enough to blow up a city to get what he
wants. He's flying around in a bright green suit, spandex by the looks of things, think you can
track him?"
"And how exactly did you come about this information?" Fury asked.
"It's a long story, I promise I'll tell you over dinner some time," I chuckled.
"Fine, I'll send any information I get to your phone, keep in touch if something happens," he
said before disengaging.
I sighed, "love you too," I turned to Spider-girl, "I have SHIELD searching for him, we
should have his location any moment now."

"Ah, right, sure," May nodded before fidgeting nervously at me, "how exactly..how did
you...well, you know..."
"How did I know your name?" I asked her.
"Well yeah," she nodded.
It's simple, because you were the first superhero I ever looked up to and admired. It's because
of you I even bothered to read Peter Parker's story, it's because of you I even cared. May Day
Parker was my first ever super hero, so of course I would know about you. Not that I could
say that.
"Since you weren't a time traveler you obviously must be from another dimension," I replied,
"and if you were that meant you were my kid from some alternate reality."
"But how did you know my name?"
I shrugged, "I always told myself if I ever had a girl I would name her May after my aunt."
Which was true, I always did want to name my daughter May, but not because of aunt May,
but because of you.
"Woah," came her slow reply.
I reached up to my helmet and unlatched it. I removed it showing her my face. I smiled, "hey,
nice to meet you."
In response she took off her mask as well. Her face was sculpted like a models, her
cheekbones high and her hair cut short and brown like mine. Her eyes however were green,
bright green, "hi...dad?"
I chuckled, "I'm too young to be a father kid. Call me Peter," I extended my hand.
She looked at it for a moment before shaking it, "I'm May. But ah, you already knew that."
I chuckled, "guess you inherited my humor too huh? So..."
"So..." she repeated. We both looked nervous, not really sure what to do. Just then May's
stomach started to grow. She looked down and blushed.
I chuckled, "you hungry?" She nodded, "great, I know this amazing hot dog place," I put on
my helmet and sealed it shut, "you coming?"
May blinked before nodded and putting her mask on too. I stepped upto the edge of the roof
and shot out a web line, I turned to May, "you do have web shooters right?"
May nodded, "yeah, yours," she spun out a web line as well.
"Great," I replied before jumping off the roof and swing my way across the city. I looked
back and found May keeping up with me without an issue. I smiled, guess she really was a
Spider.

We arrived at he place in quick time and I dropped down and walked up to the man, "Hey
Sal! How to going?"
"Oh hey Spider!" Sal the owner of the hotdog stand smiled, "one dog with the works right?"
"No, make it two," I looked over my shoulder to see May walking behind me, "I got a friend
over."
"Who is she, your sister?" he asked as he made the dog.
"Ah, kind off," I shrugged as I payed the man and grabbed the dog. I thanked him and gave
May her food before walking up to a wall and claimed it, sitting down on the building's roof.
May did the same as she lifted the bottom half of her mask and looked at the dog, "this
is...woah."
"Yeah, I know," I shrugged as I munched on it, "did your dad ever take you here?"
"No, I don't think so," May admitted.
"Hm, more proof he and I aren't the same guy then," I nodded.
May nodded, "well, yeah, obviously," she looked down at my costume, "my dad never had
something so high tech."
"So wait, he just wore red and blue spandex?" I asked in fake disbelief.
"Yup," she nodded.
"Moron," I scoffed, "he's not like stupid or anything right? He made those web shooters so he
must be clever, what does he do?"
"I, I don't really think I should be telling you all this," May said rubbing her neck, "won't that
like, change the time stream or something?"
"No, don't worry about it," I waved her concern away, "I told you, different dimension, we
aren't the same person."
"Oh, right, well dad kind of worked for the cops as a forensic scientist," May admitted, "he's
pretty good. From what mom told me he became the lead officer in like five years or
something. He's the department's biggest closer."
"Cool," I grinned, "so does he still, you know, swing around now and then? Or did he retire
and let you take up the mantle?"
"Ah, he's retired, he has been for some time now, way before I became Spider-girl," May
admitted.
"Why?" I asked already knowing the answer, still I need to build rapport with my….daughter.
Fucking comic books!

"His leg," she admitted, "he lost it with a final fight against the Green Goblin."
"Green what?" I asked, keeping up the facade of a Spider-man that had never met his arch
rival.
"You don't have a Green goblin here?" May asked surprised, "lucky you."
"Why? Is he that bad?"
"Dad once said the one man who he wished he killed was that monster," May admitted, "he
said he wouldn't mind going to jail because of that."
I whistled, "damn, deep. Okay, if I see someone dressed like a green imp I'll make sure to put
him away for life."
May nodded, "yeah, good luck."
"So….tell me, your mom, who is she?" I asked munching on my finished dog.
"Ah...she's," May rubbed her neck again, "Mary Jane Watson-Parker."
"Ah, I figured she was your mom," I nodded.
"What? How?!"
"Same eyes," I shrugged.
"Oh...so are you and her…?"
"Dating? Oh no, she's my best friend, but we aren't really dating," I hummed, "hey May, do
me a favour, don't tell anyone about your mom okay?"
"Why? I thought it wouldn't matter if you knew about my life," May asked confused.
"It wouldn't, but if MJ found out we could one day have a kid together….well, you can guess
what would happen can't you?" I told her.
"Oh..."
"Yup, plus I'm pretty sure my girlfriend wouldn't like the fact that my daughter with another
woman suddenly showed up one day."
"Wait, you're dating someone else?! Who?!" May sounded horrified, but then again if I found
out my dad was dating someone who wasn't my mom I would freak out too.
"Felicia Hardy," I told her. May's jaw dropped, "I'm guessing you know her?"
"Felicity's mom?" May asked, "the Black Cat?"
I nodded, "yup, but ah, don't tell her that I told you, she's kind of sticky when it comes to
secret identities."

"H-how are you dating Felicity's mom?!" May cried out.
"Is Felicity Felicia's daughter where you come from?"
"Yeah," May nodded.
"I'm not her father too am I?"
"What? No! You would never cheat on mom!"
I shrugged, "hey just asking. You never know with these kinds of things." May looked utterly
horrified, I couldn't help but chuckle, "you remind me of your mom. She had the same look
on her face when she found out I was Spider-man, ah, good times."
May shut her mouth, "so, she knows? About you?"
I nodded, "yup….anyway, listen if people ask you who you are this is your cover, you're
basically me from a world where I was born a girl okay? Don't mention that you're my
daughter, trust me, that won't go well."
"So...you want me to tell them I'm you from another world?"
I nodded, "yup, May Parker, daughter of Richard Parker and Mary Parker."
"Wait, your mom's name is Mary too?"
I nodded, "yeah, why? Didn't your dad ever tell you about her?"
"No, he didn't, he rarely talked about his parents," May admitted, "his aunt May died before I
was born, she's who I'm named after and his uncle Ben died long before that. That's why he
became Spider-man. He used to tell me stories about them, but he never mentioned his
parents..."
"Huh," I nodded, "would you like to meet them?"
"Say what now?" May asked blinking in confusion.
"Come on," I told her getting to my feet, "I'll introduce you to the family. My aunt May is
still alive and so is uncle Ben. And my dad came back from the grave too, just recently."
"What?!" May cried out
"I'll explain later," I told her before asking my helmet to dial home. I told May I would be
bringing someone over for dinner and to make extra, the old woman didn't even ask who
before agreeing.
I turned to May after the call and looked at her, "do you happen to have anything else to
wear?"
"Ah no, kind of had to wear anything else under this thing," she said pointing at the spandex.

I sighed as I shook my head, "spandex, what was I thinking? I can't believe he would go out
like that. Come on, I'll ask Sue if you can borrow some clothes."
I swung off towards the Baxter building with May following closely. "Wait, did you say Sue?
As in Sue Storm?" May asked in amazement, I chuckled, boy was she going to be surprised.
At the Baxter building:
"Woah," May said as we entered the den through the balcony. She looked around at all the
cool tech lying around, her eyes sparkling in wonder through her white lens, "this is so cool!"
"You have a Baxter building where you're from?" I asked her as we walked in.
"Ah, yeah, but it's kind of a long story. It's been broken down and rebuilt like a hundred
times. But this, this is like the original, totally vintage," May replied.
"Yo! Spider!" Johnny called out as he and Sue walked in, surprised to find me there in
costume and even more surprised to find May.
"Spider, who's your friend?" Sue asked a little nervously as she eyed May up and down.
"She's a friend," I replied removing my helmet to show that she knew my secret identity.
"Dude! She's right there!" Johnny pointed out.
I rolled my eyes, "relax flame butt, she knows."
"You told her?" Sue asked to which I nodded, "why?"
"Because she's me," I shrugged.
"I'm sorry come again?" Johnny asked looking totally lost. I turned to May and signaled her
to speak up she nodded as she immediately removed her mask and smiled.
"Hey," she said doing her best to hide her nerves, "I'm May Parker."
"What the hell is going on?" Johnny asked as he jaw unhinged with Sue matching his
surprise.
"She's me from another dimension. Apparently in her world I was born a girl," I shrugged,
"hence Peter Parker became May Parker and Spider-man became..."
"Spider-woman," Sue completed.
"Actually it's Spider-girl," May corrected her.
"Why?" Sue asked looking confused.
"Well, Spider-woman's already taken," May shrugged.
"Really who?"

"Jessica Drew," May replied.
"Who is that?" Sue asked.
"Subject D," I replied.
"Wait, you mean that black haired chick who kept giving you the bedroom eyes?" Johnny
asked.
I sighed, "the very same one."
"You and Jessica Drew?!" May asked in shock.
"It's a long story, trust me," I sighed.
"So that's what you would look like if you were a girl huh?" Johnny asked as he eyes up May,
something I found surprisingly irritating, "dude, you are hot."
"Keep looking at her like that and I'll blast you face off."
"Oh someone's touchy," Johnny grinned, "what's the matter? Don't like the fact you're hotter
as a girl than a guy?"
"No," I shook my head, "I just find it extremely creepy that you're attracted to someone who
is basically me with boobs. Some unresolved feelings there Johnny?"
Johnny blinked as he looked at me and then May before turning slightly green, "I think I'm
going to be sick."
Sue snorted at that, "serves you right," she then turned to me, "what do you need Pete?"
"Clothes," I motioned to her, "the only thing she has to wear is that dreadfully stupid red and
blue spandex suit."
"I think it's cool," Johnny said immediately before he realised he was appreciating me in a
spandex costume and immediately turned green again.
Sue sighed as she rubbed her temples, "I'll see what I can do."
Soon May came back now wearing a black blouse with full sleeves and a pair of jeans that
seemed just a little tighter than she was used too. Luckily I had a spare back pack and
slippers she could use, nothing too fancy though.
May looked down at her clothes and turned to me, "what do you think?"
I shrugged, "as long as it's comfortable for you."
Sue hummed, "I offered her a few other pieces, but she's kind of shy around those."
"I wasn't shy! It's just my type," May replied with a blush.

"Ah, a tomboy," I say nodding, "anyway, Sue, is my dad around?"
Sue nodded, "he's in his lab."
"Is he working on something important?"
"No, I don't think so," Sue replied.
"Right," I turned to May, "stay here May, I'll get my dad and then we can leave."
"Ah, yeah, sure," May nodded nervously, can't blame her, not with the way Johnny kept
looking at her. But I knew Sue would stop him if he did something inappropriate.
I walked up to Richard's lab and knocked before walking in. I saw him pouring over a pile of
notes, typing away at his computer. He looked up and smiled, "hey Peter, what are you doing
here so soon?"
I smiled leaning against the door frame, "May's having a nice big dinner ready for us, I
figured you would want to join in, have a little family time. But if you're too busy-"
"-No," Richard smiled, "sounds perfect. I've missed out on a lot of family time, work can
wait." He grabbed his coat and followed me to the denw here I found May sitting on the
couch with Johnny flirting with her.
"So, do you have a Johnny Storm on your world?" he asked.
"Ah, kind off, he's...older," May stressed out.
Johnny blinked, "really? How much older?"
"You're fifty years old, bald and you suffer from premature ejaculation," I called out making
Sue snort and May chuckle.
"Hey! Shut it!" Johnny sent a fireball at my head, which I easily avoided by ducking.
"Hey, it's true," I told him.
"Wait, seriously?" Johnny turned to May.
The girl smiled, "yeah, sorry uncle Johnny," that's my girl.
"No...no!" Johnny cried out.
"Come on May, we're leaving, time for dinner," I told her as we all left to the elevator,
Richard looking confused as to May's process.
"Peter, I thought you said this was a family night?" he asked.
"She's family," I told him walking into the lift and pressing the garage button, "she's me from
another world here I was born a girl."

"I'm sorry?" Richard blinked in confusion.
When the lift opened up to the lobby Richard was all caught up. I lead them outside and we
waited as May answered any and all questions Richard had.
"So, Mary and I weren't scientist?" Richard asked her.
May nodded, "yeah, you are a forensics scientist and mom's a fashion designer," to keep
things simple I just told May to replace her version of Peter Parker and Mary Jane Watson
with my own parents, keeps things simple. Well, in order to the lies straight, not so much for
our personal lives.
"Fascinating," Richard spoke up as he shoot me a look, "and you're sure you saw her coming
from another world?"
"I giant portal like the one Loki used to summon his army opened up and she came out of it
wearing a skin tight spandex version of my suit and has my powers and web shooters, what
do you think dad?"
Richard looked at May, "HYDRA could have perfected-"
"Cloning me isn't possible, plus they would have made her a guy just to insure the same gene
sequence came up. She's your daughter, get used to it," I cut him off as slowly I saw my car
pull up with MJ in the driver's seat.
"Hey Tiger," MJ smiled, "came as fast as I could."
I smiled, "thanks, now get out, I'm driving."
MJ huffed, "meany," she opened the door and for the first time noticed May, who was
currently staring at her, "hey...Peter, who's your friend?"
"Long story," I sighed, "let's just all get in." I got into the driver's seat with Richard sitting
next to me with May and MJ sat in the back. The girl gave fleeting glances at MJ, her eyes
wide with disbelief.
"So ah, is someone going to tell me who the new girl is?" MJ asked looking at me through
the side way mirror.
I sighed I could have lied, but I really didn't want to spend half my time figuring out which
lie I said to who, so I just decided to keep up the same story, "she's a female version of me
from another dimension. Surprise."
MJ blinked, "what?!"
"Yup, Mary Jane, meet May Parker, in her world she's Spider-girl, pretty dope huh?" I
chuckled as I pulled into traffic, it's going to be a long ride home.
MJ turned to May, "so….you're a female version of Peter?"

May nodded, "ah, I guess."
MJ blinked before turning to me, "you're cute as a girl."
I smirked, "she gets it from her mom," May blushed immediately, realising what I truly
meant. I turned to Richard, "I'm helping her find a way back home, so we aren't telling
anyone else about her. MJ, do you think you can say May's a friend of yours from before?"
MJ nodded, "yeah, no problem," she then turned to May and smiled, "so, do you have a male
version of me in your world too?"
May shook her head, "ah, no, not really, you're still a girl."
"Damn, that's too bad, I would have been a hunk," MJ frowned before smiling, "so wait, are
you and I friends in that world?"
May blinked, "ah...I guess, yeah, we are."
MJ smiled as she turned to me, "see Tiger, even in another world we're still friends!"
I nodded, "yes MJ, that's pretty cool right?" For the rest of the trip May and MJ talked,
learning more about each other. It was honestly funny seeing May's reaction when MJ talked
about whether or not she had a boyfriend in May's world, honestly the faces that girl could
make.
We reached Queen in no time, Richard choose to go in first while May, MJ and I stood
outside on the curb.
"So anything from SHIELD yet?" May asked.
"No," I looked up from my phone with a sigh, "don't worry, someone confident enough to
blow up a city will slip up sooner rather than later. We'll catch him."
"Thanks," May smiled.
"So is this Spyral guy really that important?" MJ asked.
May nodded, "yeah, smart and crazy, worst combination ever. Plus he has horrible taste in
music."
"Don't forget his costume," I shivered, "looked like a freaking leprechaun!"
"That's what I said!" May chuckled.
MJ rolled her eyes, "great, now there are two of you. Just what this world needs."
May scoffed, "you say that like it's a bad thing."
"Yeah MJ, why do you think more versions of me is a bad thing?" I asked wiggling my
eyebrows, "that just means there are more of me too…." I blinked realising where that train

of thought lead too. May and I looked at each other before suddenly a shiver went up our
spines as we turned a little green.
"Don't even go there!" May cried, "seriously!"
"Sorry, sorry! Don't know what I was thinking," I shivered, "that would practically be incest
of the worst kind."
"What do you mean? Is it even considered inscent? Since it's the same person wouldn't it be
masterbation?" MJ asked with an evil glare.
"Shut up!" May and I yelled back as one.
MJ laughed, "ha! You really are the same person! Anyway, see you guys later!" And with that
helpful little comment she skipped off to her home.
May turned to me, "that's my mother?"
I smiled, "yeah, why? Is she different from your world?"
"Yeah, she's...well, she doesn't act like that," May pointed at the care free girl before her.
I nodded, "well, if she's been with me for so many years I'm sure she would have feared for
my life more than once. She probably matured over time, happens to certain people. Is your
dad different from me? Other than the stupid costume choices I mean."
May nodded, "yeah, you….you're nothing like my dad."
I shrugged, "his lose," I opened the door and turned to her, "coming?" With a smile she
quickly walked in.
May looked around looking surprised, "woah, this place is different."
"Wait, MJ and I still live here? In this house?!"
May nodded, "yeah, I grew up in this place."
I blinked, "okay, note to self, get a new apartment."
"Hey, it's not so bad," she glared at the flowery wall paper, "could use a huge remodeling
though." I snorted, like father like daughter, I hated those things!
"Ah Peter's," aunt May walked in from the dining room with a smile on her face, she spotted
May instantly, "and who is this?"
I smiled, "aunt May, this is May, I call her May-Day."
"Oh lovely another May!" the woman smiled, "it's so nice to meet you dear!"
"Y-you too ma'am," May gulped shaking aunt May's hand.

"Oh please, I'm far too young to be a ma'am, please sit down," aunt May said as she quickly
went back to the kitchen.
May and I went to the dining table where Ben and Richard sat, already talking something in
hushed tones. From what i could hear it was about the mortgage on the house, Richard had
been offering to pay it off for sometime now, but May and Ben refused, guess he decided to
try again.
"No Rich, and that's final," Ben snapped at his younger brother with a glare that had no
malice behind it. He looked up and smiled seeing May and I walk up to the table, "Peter! And
who is your guest?"
"Uncle Ben, this is May-Day," I smiled. May looked gobsmacked as Ben smiled at her. She
blinked once, twice, three times before she realised Ben had his hand stretched out.
Immediately May grabbed it and started shaking it quickly, "hello! I'm May!"
Ben chuckled, "ah, another May, and here I was thinking one would be more than enough to
handle."
"Oh hush you!" aunt May called out as she brought out a giant container of her famous
homemade lasagna, "now everyone tuck in!"
May and I sat next to Richard while May and Ben sat across from us. I helped May fill up her
plate before digging into the meal, as usual it was amazing.
"This is so good!" May cried out tasting the delicious cheese and meat goddess, "my mom's
food's got nothing on this!"
Richard chuckled at that, while May just smiled, "ah, does your mother cook for you often?"
May nodded, "when she can. If not my dad does."
"He does?" Richard and I asked in equal surprise.
May nodded, "yeah, he's not that good though," she sent me an apologetic smile to which I
just rolled my eyes.
"So May, where exactly are you from?" Ben asked.
"Well, I'm from Queens," May replied before I kicked her shin making her wince sharply, "I
mean I was from Queen! I live in Canada now with my parents, MJ's an old friend though so
I thought I should visit!"
"Oh, I see, and how did you and Peter meet?" aunt May asked.
"Well..."
"MJ introduced us," I stepped in seeing May's lose of words, "she said she was a little busy
for dinner, and I decided, hey, I already know one May, let's mix them both up and see what

happens!"
"Well the world hasn't ended yet, so that's good," came Richard's dry wit, gaining a chuckle
from everyone at the table.
Ben and May asked my maybe future daughter everything they could think off. What games
she liked to play, whether or not she was dating someone, what was her favorite subject and
May was more than happy answering them all.
Richard looked like he wanted to talk to her more but refrained from doing do. He was a
quiet man, so he was content to just smile and listen to May talk.
Eventually though dinner came to a close, I was about to suggest May and I go out for a walk
when my phone began to rang. I unlocked it and found a message from Fury with a location
and a picture.
I tapped May's shoulder, the girl looked down and her eyes widened at the picture of a man
dressed in green armour. She looked at me and nodded.
"Alright guys, May has to leave now," I said getting up and grabbing the car keys, "I'll drop
her off at the airport and be back soon okay?"
"Oh, you're leaving so soon?" aunt May asked sounding disappointed.
"Yes, I'm sorry, it was nice meeting all of you," May smiled, "I'm glad I got the chance."
Ben and May wished her a safe journey home. We quickly walked out and May got into the
car. I was just about to pull out into the driveway when Richard came out.
I lowered my window and he looked inside, "you found the dimensional traveler?"
"Yeah, we're going to catch him now," I told him.
Richard nodded, "right, then you'll need this," he reached into his jacket pocket and took out
a syringe, "it's called scopolamine, also known as the zombie drug, one hit and the victim will
listen to you for the next two hours. If the green guy doesn't want to go back, use this and
make him."
"Okay, first off all thanks," I took the drug and gave it to May, "and second off all, you and I
are going to have a very long chat about while you have brainwashing drugs tucked away in
your jacket all the time."
"Well if you must know I made it during my time with Wyndham, a sort of insurance policy"
Richard said with a chuckle, "stay safe son. You too May."
"Don't worry, I'll take care of him," May said with a smile.
"Says the girl with red and blue spandex," I snorted as I said goodbye to Richard and pulled
out of the driveway. We drove down the road until we reached a secluded part of the
neighborhood. I then pressed the red button, engaging flight mode, taking off into the air.

"This thing can fly?!" May cried out in awe as she looked down at the shirking roads.
"Yup," I smiled, "didn't I tell you?"
"No!"
"Well, it can fly," I chuckled as I punched in the location into the nav systems.
We quickly reached the location, it was a warehouse in the hamptons. I parked the car a mile
away and quickly changed into costume. Let me just tell you, having to strip to your boxer
shorts in front of your daughter was super embarrassing, guess I should have done the smart
thing like May and worn my costume under my civilian clothes.
We web swung over to the warehouse. I opened the sky light and we carefully snuck in,
sticking to the shadows.
We crawled around the shadows for a while before we found Groom in the middle of the
warehouse, his arms bare. He had removed the metal around his arm and was fixing it.
"Let's get him," May replied as she jumped off the wall and landed right before him, "it's over
Spyral!"
"Wait!" I hissed before face palming myself, "great, just great, she got her mother's need for
attention."
"Spider-girl! How?!" Spyral cried out, "you shouldn't be able to follow me! Not here!"
"Yeah yeah yeah, just shut up and come quietly!"
"Never!" he snapped his fingers and immediately his armour was on him once more. He sent
out a blast of green energy which May jumped over before she took him on hand to hand.
I was about to step in before deciding against it. She was doing alright so far. I actually felt a
little proud by the way she was moving, not a single move wasted. I smiled as I saw her clock
the man across the jaw, sending him flying back into a pile of crates.
"Cool," I smiled.
"No! I will not be defeated again!" he cried out jumping back on his feet. He threw his arms
open and suddenly two machine guns popped up on his shoulders. They began firing at May,
sending a wave of bullets at her.
She jumped away, swinging across the warehouse. Spyral held out his right hand and brought
out a small missile. He launched it at May, the girl moved quickly by ducking behind a huge
mountain of crate only to have it explode, destroying her cover and sending her flying back
into a wall.
"This ends now," Spyral growled as he stepped up with a ball of plasma in his hands ready to
fry her.

But as he was about to fire I jumped in his way, "that's enough," I puffed out my chest as my
unibeam came flying out, hitting him point black in the chest, sending the green wearing
moron flying away.
"Cool," May whispered as I turned to help her up, "who made your suit? Tony Stark?"
"No," I chuckled, "actually I stole his designs."
"And he didn't care?" she asked surprised.
I shrugged, "Tony's cool with it. Now, let's finish this," I turned to Spyral's fallen form before
taking out the scopolamine. We walked up to the man and found the front half of his costume
ripped off. I injected him with the serum and we waited.
"Spyral?" May asked, "can you hear me?"
"Yyyy Yessss," he slurred out.
"Great, could you be a dear and take us back home?"
"Yeeesss," he replied.
"Good man," I told him, picking him up and dusting him off, "oh and ah, sorry about the
unibeam to the face."
"Ffff Iiii Nne," he muttered before turning away to wall and pressing a few of the buttons on
his belt, guess that's what he used to travel here.
As he worked I pulled out a cable from my gauntlets and inserted it into a USB port on his
belt. My online computer automatically began hacking into his system's finding out how the
system worked, hopefully I can copy the tech later.
"What are you doing?" May asked looking over my shoulder.
"I'm hacking into his belt, trying to figure out how his tech works," I told her.
"Why?"
I shrugged, "I just want to know how it works, that's all. Scientific curiosity."
"Oh, right, never been much of a science person myself," she said nervously.
I chuckled, "yeah, you're more like your mother in that regard," I flicked her forehead.
"Hey! What's that for?"
"For jumping in front of the enemy like an idiot instead of actually taking him out," I snorted,
"I swear, when you get back you better make your father teach you his tricks, no daughter of
mine is going to be out there saving the world like a rookie!"

May chuckled, she was about to say something when suddenly a giant green portal
materialized before us. We looked at it before turning to each other. May took off her mask
and smiled, "I ah...I guess this is it huh?"
I nodded, removing my own mask, "yeah….it was great seeing you."
"You too...thanks Peter," she moved in for a hug, holding me tightly.
I stiffened for a second before relaxing and slowly hugging her back feeling for the first time
I actually had someone out there who shared my blood. May, Ben, Richard, they all loved
Peter, they saw me as Peter. But her? She saw me as dad.
"Stay safe kiddo, don't do anything I wouldn't do," I broke the hug looking into her eyes,
"and above all, stop it with the damn spandex! At least wear some armour! Heck, if you want
come back here and I'll hook you up!"
May chuckled, "yeah, sure. I promise."
I smiled, "alright May, take care" I turned to my SA and quickly typed away at it, "I'm
programing this thing to self destruct after reaching your home dimension. He won't be able
to use it again, so all you have to do is make sure he's somewhere he can't build another
dimensional portal. Hopping dimensions is a dangerous business May, better a mad man
doesn't have it."
May nodded as she slipped on her mask, "right," she webbed up Spyral's hands together and
pulled him towards the portal. Before stepping in she looked at me and smiled, "bye
Spiderman."
I waved at her as I slipped on my helmet, "good luck Spider-girl," she jumped in and in
seconds she and the portal where gone. I couldn't help it, I felt my heart break just a little. My
daughter...I need to remember to buy more condoms, I love you May but I'm way to young to
be a father!
I drove back home and found Richard waiting for me by the patio. He sat there with a book in
hand and a pitcher of orange juice by his side. He looked up and smiled at me as I sat down
next to him.
He closed the book and turned to me, "May's not my daughter is she?"
I wanted to lie, but honestly it didn't matter at this point. I poured myself a glass of juice and
sipped it, "nope."
"Who is she?"
"She's my kid from another timeline where I was born in the 50's instead of the 90's."
Richard's eyes' went wide. "She's...my granddaughter?" I smiled and nodded, "who's her
mother?!" I chuckled but said nothing, he looked agitated but I didn't care, I never said a
damn word, after all, did it really matter?

Chapter End Notes

There we go, I hope you enjoyed this chapter. I'm sorry it took so long to update, but if
you guys looked at my profile you would know that FF is being a bit of a bitch when it
comes to uploading stories. I tried for over 6 hours before realising I had work in the
morning and needed to sleep.
Anyway, I hope you enjoyed this treat. It's true, May-Day Parker is my first superhero,
she's also my fav. Basically, everything I write in the superhero or hero like genre is
thanks to the stories I read about her growing up.
So I wanted to do a chapter with her in mind.

Chapter 27: Metal Fang Solid
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

I FUCKING HATE ALTERNATE DIMENSIONS!
I swear if I ever see another madman who can hope dimentions I'm capturing him, tying him
up to a chair and then having Jean mind rape his knowledge out of his fucking head!
I looked at the schematics I ripped from Spyral's belt for what felt like the hundredth time
and I'm no closer to figuring out how it even worked! It's like this thing hate logic! I hate
dimension travel!
I managed to get only the machinery's operations out of the belt and nothing more, but that
should have been enough for me to figure out how it ticked and reverse engineer it. But no, it
had to become difficult and make no fucking sense.
Eventually I gave up trying to solve it by myself and gave it to Reed to figure out. When that
guy saw the data I had he ended up locking himself in his lab. It's been a week, he hasn't
come out yet.
Ben grew worried and so did Sue, but Johnny and I figured Reed would be ready when he
was ready.
Honestly things have become quite in the city these days, at least on the surface. I could feel
something change, it's like the people who went out in the night upped their game. I still
encountered a random mugging now and then but...they're quite….too quite.
I did spend a lot of time working in the Baxter building, creating new tech for Sue and Reed.
But strangely enough I also got a request from Charles Xavier, the man wanted a watch that
could project a holographic image of a teenage boy. I honestly grew a little worried at that,
but hey, I owed him one.
But I'm not one to look a gift horse in the mouth, so it's time for me to upgrade myself. My
costume was good for now, nothing too major to change, at least nothing I desperately
wanted. But my powers...well that was another matter altogether.
Project Mutant Spider, an idea I had been toying with for some time now. It's been something
I played with ever since I obtained Drew's powers.
The concept was simple, based on how I obtained her powers in the first place. Her blood
was mixed with a radiated formula of chemicals and then inhaled by me. My blood, which is
genetically altered to absorb useful genes and throw out the rest, used the radiation to absorb
her powers into my own.

This meant one thing, theoretically, I could absorb anyone's powers into my body, provided
it's delivered the same way as Drew's was.
It was a great risk, but with equally great rewards. So I began experimenting with the only
super human blood I had on hand, Magneto's. It was from the time I beat him into a bloody
pulp for even thinking of killing Jean, I scrapped his blood from my uniform and weapons
collecting a nice large sample.
So now I found myself in my lab at the Baxter building with the door closed and bolted shut,
covered with my strongest webbing and all security systems disabled, no way I'm ever letting
anyone on the outside figure out what I'm doing.
I took out a drop of my blood and Magneto's. I used the radiation formula from the Hill
incident and merged it with Magneto's, forming a gas like substance.
I then took my blood sample in an air sealed glass box and infused it with the irradiated gas. I
waited for a moment before emptying the air in the box and removing my blood.
I put the newly changed sample under a microscope and observed it. I put the blood work up
on the screen and narrowed my eyes, the result was...confusing.
My blood had accepted Erik's mutant gene, but there were...complications. A mutant gains
his or her power through the 'X' gene, but there was no saying what those powers were, how
it changed the host or even if it could be replicated.
It was like a mystery box, you don't what's inside until you open it. And right now we aren't
even close to understanding what makes the 'X' gene tick.
From what I could understand the gene implanted into the blood sample was Magneto's, it
matched perfectly. But the way this gene interacted with the rest of my DNA was...odd. It
was like putting a motherboard into another computer, it should in theory have no trouble
adapting, but there was something interfering.
My only guess is that it's my own spider genes making things seem wonky. From what I
could gather the gene wouldn't make me….physically different but it would effect my body
in some way. I can't say how though, so it means I might get Erik's exact powers but….I'm so
going to try.
The power of controlling magnetic fields is too great of a power to simply let go. I need it, I
have to have it. If I had it when the aliens invaded, they wouldn't have lasted half as long as
they did. This is something I need, I have to have….God I hope I don't become a psychopath
because of this.
It took me a week to get everything ready. I rented a cabin near Montauk where I could
recover in private. If this process effected me the same way as when Drew's powers came to
me, then I'll be out of commision for at least two days.
I quickly spun my lies. I told May and Ben that I would be going with Sue for the weekend to
a special talk on nanomachines in Germany. It took some convincing but they agreed. To

Richard, Sue, Johnny and everyone else who knew my secret identity, I told them that
SHIELD had me on a mission. They didn't ask after that.
And finally to SHIELD, I told them the truth. I needed a ucking vacation, Nat seemed
suspcious at first, but after a while she seemed to accept it.
I'm guessing she found out about the cabin I booked for the weekend and decided I was
telling the truth. She did warn me not to cheat on Felicia, she thought I was going to hook up
with some other chick in the cabin. I promised her if I was ever going to cheat with anyone,
Nat would be the first one I would ask. She did not like that.
Finally, everything was ready, I had the irradiated gas prepared and in a metal box. I drove up
to Montauk on Friday and waited until nightfall to begin. I made sure everything was ready
before I took out a gas mask connected to the cannister of gas and turned it on.
I breathed in the fumes quickly before it quickly got empty. I put the gas away and lied down
on my bed. I felt the sweats coming on, I could feel it slowly creep out. I turned on the AC
and reacthed for a bottle of water I had prepared beforehand. Soon I was out like a light.
The next day:
I woke up half expecting myself to have grown two extra arms. Don't ask me why, it was just
a nasty dream I had in my mind. I looked down, no visible changes, haven't begun to grow
fur or anything else...yet.
I threw off the sheets, they were covered with my sweat. I blinked, the sweat...it glowed...hm.
I opened my bag and took out a geiger counter, something I brought just in case. I placed the
counter over the sheets and found mild amounts of radiation, strange, I never sweated
radiation before.
It must be a result of the gas. Yes, that makes sense, any radiation my body couldn't absorb it
expunged. Meaning my sweat right now is covered with radiation, I need to get rid of it, and
fast.
I took off the sheets and my clothes throwing them into the tub in the cabin. Plugging the
drain I filled the tub with water and began scrubbing off all the sweat and dirt.
Soon the sheets and clothes were clean, I dried them off separately and found the radiation
down to manageable levels, now all I had to do was fill the radiation infused water in smaller
water bottles and trash bags and I was done. I would put these things in a landfill later, there
was one a few miles away from the city, should be perfect.
After that I gave myself a nice long shower. There wasn't any radiation on me, so I wouldn't
need to drain this water separately as well, so I just relaxed into the tub and sighed in relief, I
didn't die, joy.
I got out of the tub and drained away the water. I put a towel around my hip and looked at
myself in the mirror, wiping away the mist that had formed on its surface.

My face looked back at me, I didn't look any different, I had searched my body for any
physical changes but none stood out to me. I looked at my hands, they felt heavy, like they
were made out of lead, I don't know….maybe I had to wait before I could see any results?
I looked at myself once again and for a moment I saw a flash of blue in the brown of my
eyes, the exact same shade I saw Magneto had. But it didn't stay, it was almost like the colour
was active only for a second before vanishing. Strange.
I sighed, I needed to figure out what Magneto's genes did to me, lucky for me I had two days
to just that.
I quickly got dressed and sat down before the small lab I set up in the living room of the
cabin. I took out a sample of my blood and put it under the microscope I had taken from the
Baxter building. I found the sample to be identical to the test sample I took in the lab. Good,
no surprises so far.
But...wait...what is...oh shit.
My cells were reforming, but that can't happen unless...the radiation, it's hurting them. I
couldn't believe it, did something go wrong? Was forcing additional powers into my body
pushing back on Richard and Mary Parker's original formula in some way?
I began running some test and to my surprise I found that something had changed.
I seemed project Mutant Spider isn't going to make me a power hungry monster like Parasite
from the Superman comics. Because if I'm reading this right, it seems that the puncturing and
addition of powers is causing harm to my cells.
If I was to guess I would need...five months, maybe six to recover fully from it? If I do this
again...I don't think I'll recover after a short nap.
This did set limits on my powers, but, I'm hoping against hope here that eventually my body
would adjust. But either way, I could still get new abilities, though it would take longer than I
thought before.
If I recall correctly I started showing off Drew's powers some time after school during the
afternoon. So maybe I need to be more physical, more active for it to kick in. It was around 4
in the afternoon now, I really slept in, so I'm guessing I won't get any results until much later.
I grabbed my coat and walked out of the cabin, I took a deep breath and smelt the fresh sea
breeze, I could see the ocean from here. I smiled, maybe next time I should bring Felicia, we
could spend the weekend together, I'm sure we could figure out something to do.
I found a small trail near the cabin I was staying at, this entire place was actually near a
campsite, so it stands to reason there were many trails into a forest.
I began walking and as I did I found myself growing tired quickly. I began to sweat, heat up
and even panting so much I couldn't move easily. It was like I was wearing a fat suit!
Everything felt so difficult to move!

I grumbled and sat down on a rock figure big enough to support my weight as I took off my
jacket, no point keeping this on. I waited until I felt myself get better, the weight left my body
and I could move again.
I took off into the woods once more, slowly gaining back my stamina. Eventually the trail
circled around and I was back to the cabin, though now I found myself hungry.
I got into my car and drove into town, it was just a few miles away. I stopped at the first fast
food place I found, a Wendy's. I walked in and ordered enough food to feed three men, the
cashier gave me a weird look but shrugged.
By the time I ate my meal and and left the joint it was already dark. I moved to the parking
lot and noticed people standing around my car gawking, at it. They looked like local kids,
one wore a hoodie, the 'Torches'. Three girls in pretty little skirts and four guys, by the way
they looked they were probably jocks.
"Can I help you?" I asked the gathered crowd.
One of the jocks looked at me, "yeah, is this your car?"
I nodded, "yes. And?"
"This is so cool!" one girl with dark brown hair and a healthy bust called out. Her locked her
eyes on me and gave a charming smile that creeped me out. Suddenly my spider sense went
off, something was wrong, I could feel it. These kids...they weren't normal.
"Where did you get this?" the other girl asked batting her pretty little eyelashes at me, "like,
it's super retro!" She had black hair and was of asian decent, tall with smooth legs.
I shrugged, "family gift," I looked at them, the jocks had glazed looks in their eyes, the
girls...they looked at me like a piece of meat.
"You know, you should totally take us out for a spin," the third girl with short blonde hair
asked as she winked at me, again, spidey senses went off.
"Ah, maybe later," I told them, moving past them and getting into my car. I was just about to
pull away when a hand slammed onto my window cracking it. My eyes widened in horror,
that was bullet proof glass! How did a human break it?!
"Get out," the jock who's fist cracked my window growled, "now!"
I hit the gas and reversed out quickly not caring about running them over, these kids weren't
normal man! As I drove away I could see the girls glaring at through the mirror, something
wasn't right.
I drove straight to my cabin and locked the doors. I looked out my windows and found
nothing outside, I felt stupid for acting so paranoid, honestly I did, I could have taken them
out without a sweat, but Peter Parker wasn't a superhero, so I had to act the role.

It didn't make sense, why did my spider sense go off? Those girls...they were acting weird. I
sat down with my laptop and went online, searching for the high school those girls belonged
to, 'The Torches'.
It took me a while but I found the school, but the reason it took me so long to figure it out
was this, the Torches? They were all dead. Or more specifically the last batch of students
were dead.
The class of 92', nearly two decades ago the school had sent a bunch of students off to a field
trip, only they all crashed and died in a bus crash. The school was sued by all the parents and
went under. The Torches were all gone.
Now my first thought is that the girls simply wore their parent's old hoodies, maybe their
parents were old friends from that school so that's how they all knew each other. But then I
pilled up the pictures of the teenagers that died and on the very bottom were the pictures of
the three girls.
They had different hair styles, but they were the same people. The exact same faces. I first
thought they were their children or something, but that wasn't possible, those girls were too
young to be mothers let alone give birth to kids that would still be teenagers at this age.
Then came one more idea, cloning, oh how I hate clones. But again a problem came up, why
clone these kids? Why were they special and hy were the clones so young?
So I finally came to the only answer available, immortal. So all three of them were immortal?
Woah…..no way.
I snorted, I've been reading too much fantasy...but they again I am the God of thunder's
punching bag….hm, maybe I should rethink this. Whatever, it's not like it had anything to do
with me. It's not like-HOLY SHIT THEY ARE RIGHT OUTSIDE MY WINDOW!
I jumped out of my seat and looked at the three of them smiling at me with glowing red eyes
and fangs bared. Behind them the four jocks stood, their eyes blank stares, drool coming out
of their mouth. Wait….fangs?!
"Vampires," I whispered. And almost like they heard me all three of them smiled. The blonde
snapped her fingers and the jocks cried out, leaping forward, shattering the window and
landing inside.
"Oh fuck me!" I cried out as I ran towards the door and ran outside, I couldn't do this here,
too much valuable equipment, plus too constricting.
"Get him!" the busty brunette called out as the four jocks followed me into the forest.
"Moron," I heard the blonde call out, "he thinks he can hide from us in there?!"
'Not hiding,' I smirked as I turned to see the four jocks following me along the trail. The trail
was small, they could only follow me one by one, meaning I just reduced the fight from one
of four to one on one.

I turned around and leaped at the leading creep. They stopped as one, surprised by my
actions, when my feet connected with his gut buckling him over. I then punched him across
the face hard enough to hear something snap.
The jock landed on the ground like a pile of potatoes, his jaw broken, I think he's
unconscious...I hope. His friends looked at it before turning to me and charging without a
second's thought.
I jumped backward and landed on a tree branch. One of them grew smart and tried to climb
up after me. He reached up and grabbed the branch I was standing and pulled himself up. I
bent down and grabbed his face, "bye bye," sending a blast of my bio-electricity at him point
blank.
"ARGH!" the second jock got his head zapped, as he fell down stunned. The remaining two
didn't even bother looking at him, simply stepping over him to reach me in the tree.
With a short curse I leaped away, running from tree branch to tree branch. Honestly what
were these guys?! The girls were vampires so maybe these things were their slaves? What
were they called again? Ghouls?
I managed to circle around back to my cabin and here I found the place empty, no vampire
bitches. I need to get out of here and call for help, no way I'm dealing with this alone!
I ran towards my cabin when suddenly my spider sense went off. Immediately I jumped into
the air and away from the whip like arm of the asian vamp.
I landed a few feet away when suddenly my sixth sense went off again. I ducked under the
blondes piercing thrust coming from behind. I grabbed her hand throwing her over my
shoulder. She landed gracefully away from me, smiling like a creepy clown.
"He's mine!" the brunette called out jumping at me from behind a bush. I almost had enough
time to roll me eyes. I parried her punches and kicks expertly. She grew angry quickly before
deciding to lunge at me.
I moved to the side, grabbed her head and sent a powerful bolt of bio-electricity into her
skull. "AHH!" she cried out in pain, but refused to go down. She pushed against me, breaking
free and then jumped away towards her friends.
"W-what the fuck are you?!" the busty vamp asked me.
"I think he's one of those mutants we hear so much about," the blonde said with a sadistic
smile as she licked her lips, "this one keeps getting better and better."
"He's mine!" the brunette called out charging at me with her claws and fangs bared.
"Nice doggy!" I cried out as I ducked under her swipes and kicks, "don't bite me! I don't want
to turn into a werewolf!"
"We aren't werewolves!" she cried out, "we're vampires!"

"But you look like you have rabies," I said with a smirk as I jumped back and shot a bio bolt
at her shocking her system.
"I hate this ass!" the brunette growled through the pain, I'm surprised she can even move, that
much electricity should kill a man.
"As usual, you let us down Kimmy," the blonde sighed as she flicked her hair behind her,
"guess we'll have to take care of this."
"Hey you two aren't any better you know," I said, "you look like you have fleas and the
oriental chick looks like she's going to drop a deuce any second."
"What?!" the asian vamp looked pissed, good, anger makes them less focused and make
mistakes, that's just what I need.
"Yeah, but please you stupid mutt, don't shit on my lawn, I didn't bring a doggy bag with
me," I smirked seeing her get ticked off.
"That's it!" she cried out as she the now more irritated looking blonde charged at me. I
managed to block and move away from their strikes but they got a few in. They were faster
than me, much faster.
Suddenly my spider sense went off. I jumped up just as the two remaining jock ghouls from
before charged at me from behind, instead now tackling their vampire masters.
I landed on a tree branch and smirked as I saw the girls order the jocks to get off them. They
growled in pain as their uniform was covered in mud. I couldn't help chuckle looking down at
them, "see you are werewolves, only mutts play in the mud. Just don't expect a bubble bath
after this, I don't want you girls dragging in mud into the house."
"Do you ever shut up?!" the brunette growled, now on her feet yet again.
"Not really, no," I chuckled as I sent two bolts of electric energy at the jocks, knocking them
unconscious, luckily they didn't seem to have their masters durability.
"I'm going to enjoy killing you," the blonde growled, "I'm going to make every second of
your life a living hell!"
"Sorry, I'm not ready to get married," I snorted. The girls were about to leap at me, I got
another bolt of electricity ready to fire when my spider sense went off. I jumped, but I was
too slow. Something came charging into me, throwing me out of the tree and into the ground
rolling in the dirt.
"Who's the dog now bitch?!" Kimmy spat out, kicking me in the stomach. But I didn't register
that, the pain I felt in my spine was too much for that. It wasn't cut, no, thank god for small
miracles. But it did hurt, a lot.
"I'm going to enjoying making you bleed!" the busty brunette called out kicking me again. I
coughed out blood and looked up the girl looked mad with anger, smiling down at me. But
the other two, they weren't even looking at me.

"Kimmy," the asian chick called out. Kimmy didn't listen to her, continuing to hit me.
"Kimmy!" she roared again.
"What?!" the brunette snapped. The asian chick simply turned away. I looked up and saw
Kimmy's face turn pale as a sheet as she and the other girls watched a man walk out of the
shadows.
"The three of you certainly have a gift I must say," his voice was smooth like a river, yet
dangerous like the deep blue sea. The girls were scared stiff at his image. He had long wavy
hair that reached to his shoulder and wore tight black leather for pants.
"Tell me, are you all incompetent or just stupid?" the man asked as he walked up to the
scared women.
"W-we were just trying to get something to eat," the blonde whispered.
"Of course you were," the man smiled with anything but understanding, "but you see...you
couldn't even get that right," he slapped her across the face. I heard her jaw break. "Useless."
The other girls winced in pain as they saw their friend fall down holding her broken jaw in
pain. The man now looked at me, a smile on his lips as he licked them, "aren't you a juicy
looking thing."
"Kiss my ass," I grunted out as I pulled myself up. I needed my suit, only problem is I left it
at home! Note to self, never do something stupid like that again!
"Well, not to worry, I'll do more than just kiss your lovely behind," he chuckled darkly, "tell
me boy, have you ever been with a man?"
"No, and I doubt you qualify gay lord," I smirked, but inside I was crying out in panic, how
fuck fuck am I going to get out of this!
"Hm, I like my lovers with a little bite," he licked his lips as his fangs grew out, "but I assure
you, my bite is far worse than yours." He stepped forward when suddenly I heard a sharp
whistle.
We all looked up and saw a black disc flying overhead.
BOOM!
The disc exploded and suddenly the entire forest was lit up with light like it was the middle
of the morning. I had spot in my eyes when I heard them all scream bloody murder.
I blinked away the spots, I needed to see. And when they finally vanished I found the girls on
fire, their skin burnt brown, but they were still alive and rolling on the ground trying to put
themselves out.
I turned to creepy vamp dude and was surprised to see him gawking at me. His jaw dropped
open as slowly the tip of a katana came through it. The sword slashed his head off with one

clean swipe. The beheaded vamp dropped to the ground revealing a black man with short
hair, black sunglasses and black overcoat.
"No way," I gasped seeing the man flick his katana, wiping away the vamp's blood. He
looked at me and gave a node, I automatically nodded back at him.
"The daywalker!" one of the three barbeque girls called out. Two of them charged him,
immediately the black man began to fight them, dodging their swipes before kicking them
back, swinging his sword, trying to maim or decapitate them.
However the blonde, now with all her hair burnt off and skin burning, was still on the ground.
She slowly turned to me, I could feel her red eyes trail across my neck, before suddenly she
pounced at me.
"Get off!" I cried out sending a blast of bio-electricity at the bitch blasting her back. But the
moment she landed on the ground she got back on all fours and charged at me like a wild
animal.
I crawled away, I couldn't give off any more electricity, it was pointless! I found a metal pipe
near the garden, I found myself wishing for a katana like Blade but I'll use what I can.
I grabbed it quickly and turned around. "ARGH!" I cried out swinging as hard as I could and
suddenly I felt the metal pipe change in the palm of my hand.
It became smaller, it grew an edge as it became sharp enough to cut bone. The blade sailed
through the air not even halting as it cleaved the vamp's head off her body.
It came flying off as her blood splattered onto my body. I looked down, her head was
between my legs as her body fell away to the side. My clothes were covered in blood, I
turned to the pipe in my hands, no, not a pipe, a blade.
"No!" one of the other vamps cried out as she turned to me. In that moment of weakness the
black man in the trench coat cut off her head before stabbing the last vampire through the
chest.
The both died instantly. Slowly I found the body of the blonde turn into dust, leaving no
proof behind of a body. I panted, slowly looking up at the man who saved me. He put his
blade into his scabbard and bent down, "you okay?"
I nodded, "ah...yeah. I think so." I nodded looking at the dust where the girls were, "they
were vampires weren't they?"
The man nodded, "yes, they were."
I looked at the blade in my hand, "I...I never-"
"It wasn't human," he spoke up.
"Obviously neither am I," I shot back.

He smiled, "what makes us human isn't our genetics little mutant, it's our choices. I know
vampires who have turned but have never killed another human before. But these girls...they
are monsters that deserve to be put down."
I sighed, I couldn't believe that, everyone deserved at least a chance, a chance to...I don't
know. I looked up at him, "thanks. Your Blade aren't you? The vampire hunter?"
The man raised an eyebrow, "yes, and how do you know that?"
I slowly got back on my feet, "word gets around."
"Is that why you're here?" Blade asked looking at my cabin, "trying to find proof of the
supernatural?"
I sighed, "believe it or not, I'm actually here on a vacation," I kicked the shards of glass from
my broken window, "so much for rest and relaxations."
"Hm, well if it's any consolation these were the only vamps I found in the area, you'll be safe
for now," Blade turned around and walked away.
"Wait, that's it? You come in, kick ass and then leave?"
Blade smirked, "kid, I came here to kill vampires, do you see any other vampires?"
"What about the jocks?" I pointed at the two unconscious once lying in the corner.
"Come morning the thralls will be released, don't worry," Blade waved my worry away as he
walked away.
"Wait!" I called out. He turned around, starting to look annoyed. I took out a piece of paper,
the receipt for my meal at Wendy's and wrote down my contact info in the back. I gave to the
man who raised an eyebrow, "if you're ever in Queens and need a place to stay call me. I
know I don't look like much but I can help you out, I'm pretty smart."
Blade chuckled, "fine, thanks kid," he put the note away before walking into the forest and
disappearing.
I blinked, 'so cool,' I looked around, there was a huge pile of ashes where four vampires once
were. Four unconscious jocks who are probably going to call out for mommy come morning
and one broken window. This was going to be a long night.
But on the plus side, I looked down at the metal blade in my hand. It was crude, but I knew
for a fact that Magneto's powers inside my body were finally active. I could feel it, the metal,
I think I can transform metal, this warrants further research.
The Next Day:
I barely got any sleep that night. So much fucking work! First I had to go to the nearest
hardware store and buy the materials to replace my broken window. It was a half assed job,

but at least now the owner won't ask me what happened the moment he sees a broken
window.
Then came the jocks, I left them by the side of the highway, when I went into town for lunch
I heard people talking about the boys they found and how they had no memory of what
happened to them for the past six months.
I collected the vampire dust samples for studying, though the equipment's I had on hand were
useless. They weren't strong enough, so I'll have to use the ones in the Baxter building
instead.
After all that I came back to my cabin and slept until late in the afternoon. When I woke up, it
was testing time.
My powers seemed to revolve around metal, that's for sure. But to what extent? When I was
at the hardware store I also bought sheets of other metal as well. Copper, steel, bronze, iron
and aluminum.
I checked and surprise surprise, only ferrous metals were reactive. When I touched metals
like steel, I found that I could feel its metallic form under my hand, like it was a part of me
without any nerves. Like a really long nail.
But then when I held the copper and bronze sheets I felt nothing. It seemed my powers were
limited to only ferrous metals, which isn't bad.
I then moved on to see what I could actually do with these powers. I held the iron sheet in my
hands and focused, picturing a metal pipe like the one I held onto before. Slowly I felt my
body push out what felt like mild waves of electricity into the metal bending it to my will.
I gawked as the metal sheet rolled itself up into a crude form of the pipe I imagined in my
head. The waves, they were magnetic waves, I was producing them.
"Holy shit! I'm a metal bender! Eat your heart out Toph!" I cried out happily, "this is so
cool!"
Obviously my powers were nothing compared to Magneto's, he was the master of magnetism,
I was just a student, but...but this was useful. I wasn't big on metallic projectiles and like, but
maybe I should be. This power is useful, but until I can figure out how to use it properly it
will have to be my secret.
As evening fell I started to pack up. I had all my stuff in my car and got ready to leave. I just
finished my shower and stepped out, wiping away the mist once more. I took out my tongue
cleaner and used it only to find the edge a little too dull. I need to buy a new one….or.
I touched the metal part and focused, finding just a little bit of iron in the metal, enough to
bend it, yup, that's right, I'm calling my new power metal bending. Bite me.
Slowly the cleaner got sharper. I smiled and looked up at the mirror only to stop and stare.
My eyes, they were blue again. I dropped the tongue cleaner and immediately they went back

to being brown.
"Woah," I blinked, still brown. I picked up the tongue cleaner and used my metal bending
powers on it, my eyes flashed blue yet again and stayed that way.
My eyes, they changed color every time I used my metal bending powers. This….this could
be a problem, but not a big one. At last I don't get white hair every time I use my powers,
that would be noticeable.
I sighed, 'well Kitten did always say I would look hot with blue eyes.' I quickly locked up the
cabin and left, dropping the key off at the owner's place.
I reached the city by 8 and found May, Ben and Richard waiting for me inside. They were
just anxious to see me return home safe. After I told them about the 'trip with Sue to the nano
tech conference', they let me go to bed and sleep.
Of course I didn't actually sleep. I was too wide awake for that. I locked my room door, put
on my costume and opened up the window, leaping into the night as Spider-man.
I swung my way into Manhattan and paroled the city for a while. I didn't find much trouble
though, surprisingly enough, but I did find several cops outside searching for something,
which made me curious.
I found a pair of cops looking around in alleys, calling out a name, Stephen. I landed on the
alley wall and cleared my throat. Immediately they both turned to me flashing their torches
right at my face. I held up my hand and squinted, "hey guys, mind dropping the light?"
"Oh, it's you Spider-man, sorry we didn't, shit sorry," the male cop said dropping his torch.
He was black a little overweight but not too bad. His partner was a woman, Latina from the
looks of it.
"It's fine," I shrug, "anything I can help you guys with? You sound...disturbed."
"A kid's gone missing," the male cop told me, "last scene in Hell's kitchen."
I raised an eyebrow, "any idea who did it?"
"No clue," the female cop replied, "but we heard it has something to do with the Russians,
they are trying to pick a fight with someone. One of your types," she hissed.
"One of my types?" I asked.
"She didn't mean anything by it," the man tried to defend her.
"The hell I didn't!" she cried out, "he's a vigilante Dom! You shouldn't be defending him! He
takes the law into his own hands and doesn't give a damn what he does!"
"Well then next time an army of aliens invade Earth you can protect it with your guns and
loud impressive speeches," I shot back. The woman looked hurt while the man just shook his
head sadly. "I'll do my best to find the kid. Night officers."

As Spider-man swung away Dom turned to his rookie partner and sighed, "he's not a bad guy,
he doesn't deserve whatever hate you have for the hero type." She didn't reply, simply looking
up at the night sky, wondering if she went too far.
Hell's kitchen, every time that place in involved I knew exactly who to talk too. I swung by
his apartment but he wasn't there. Where could Matt be?! Wait...kidnapped kid...this was the
first episode of Daredevil, meaning it had begun!
That means only one thing, he's in Clair Temple's place. I pull up my SA and hack into the
housing office finding out her current residence. She was just a few blocks away.
I quickly swung over just in time to see Matt fighting with some guy on the roof. He was
dressed in all black with a black scarf over his head and gloves. He was bleeding, I could tell.
The man he was fighting had a knife, he was about to swing at Matt when I shot a web line at
the knife and pulled it out of his hands.
"What the-" the man looked confused for a second, he turned around when suddenly Matt's
fist collided with his jaw throwing him flying backward.
I landed in front of him and threw the knife aside. I looked him over, "I don't like it the
costume."
He smiled, "it's a work in progress."
"Sure," I looked around and found Claire Temple peeking from behind an air vent, "hello! If
you please miss, we are two highly professional heroes! It would be best if you went back
inside."
"She's with me," Matt replied as he grabbed the criminal and pulled him to the roof.
"She is?" I asked.
"I am?" Claire replied before she turned to me with wide eyes, "you're Spider-man," she
turned to Matt, "you know Spider-man?!"
"It's a long story," Matt replied.
"I broke into his house," I told her with a shrug, "he didn't like it. Kicked my ass all over the
floor."
"How did you find me?" Matt asked.
"I was looking around for a kid, names Stephen, I was looking for you to get some help, since
this your territory and all," I shrugged.
He smiled, "didn't realise I made a name for myself."
"Yeah, never did get your code name thought, what is it? Night man?" I chuckled.

"Cute," Matt slapped the man awake. He grabbed him by the collar and pulled him on the
roof's edge and pushed him, holding him tightly, "where's the child?!"
"I-I don't know man!" the mobster called out, "I swear!"
"You're lying!" Matt punched him across the face.
Claire winced, she turned to me, "can't you stop him?"
I sighed, "it's either this or let a child die. What do you think?"
Mat went on and on, slowly breaking the man. He finally admitted where the kid was and
Matt pushed him off the roof. I gasped, jumping over the roof, throwing a web line just in
time to catch the man before he hit the garbage can under him.
I laid him down gently and checked on his vitals. Other than a very erratic heartbeat and a
sprained ankle and a dozen other problems, he was alive.
I went back up and glared at Matt, "what is your problem man?!"
"What? He's alive," Matt shrugged.
Claire looked at me, "is he always like this?"
"Honestly? You know him better than me," I sighed before turning to him, "you got a place at
least?"
Matt nodded as he moved to the fire escape, "are you coming?"
"Sure! Unless you don't want me too."
He sighed, "it's a free world."
"Yay! Our very first team up!" I chuckled as I followed him from rooftop to rooftop,
parkouring the shit out of the neighborhood.
We reached a run down looking building. Matt pauses for a while before pointing at the third
floor, "can you get us there?"
We were across the street, "no problem. You want to go stealth or make some noise?"
"Noise," Matt replied, "I want to make a statement."
"Good," I shot out two web lines handing him one, "it's straight ahead, just give it a running
start if you're nervous."
"Right," he said. We jumped off the roof and swung across the building. We crashed into the
window feet first landing in the middle of a giant poker table.
The men around us got to their feet and reached for their guns. I leaped up and socked two of
them in the jaw before kicking another between the legs.

Matt was taking on three at a time as a fourth snuck up behind him. I held up one hand and
fired a bio-bolt at him, zapping the man unconscious.
Matt looked at the attack, nodded to me and then knocked out two men, throwing the third
through the room door.
We walked out into the hallway as slowly Matt and I walked inside each room and beat the
gangsters to a pulp. He and I worked together so effortlessly it was almost magical. I jumped
over him and he ducked, he threw a chair at me and I grabbed it and smashed it over a bad
guy, best team up ever!
We reached the final room, inside was a scared little boy. I waited outside as Matt went in and
picked the boy up, walking outside.
I followed behind him and looked at the beaten bodies we left behind, "oddly enough this
isn't the bloodiest battle I have been in this weekend."
"Really?" Matt snorted.
"Yup, just yesterday I was fighting with this guy named Blade. Freaking vampires man,
scared the shit out of me!"
"Vampires?" Matt asked.
I nodded, "vampires."
"Huh….neat."

Chapter End Notes

I recently watched some ATLA and can I just say. Toph Beifong has got to be the hands
down best non avatar earth bender? Like she's crazy.

Chapter 28: Chapter 28: Down Came the Rain
Chapter Notes

Horribly sorry for messing up the uploads!

I made sure to stay in the shadows when Matt dropped the boy off at the nearest police
stations. Once that was done I helped him back to his home, no matter how tough he acted I
could see he was in a lot of pain.
I opened the window and let him in. He sighed as he plopped onto his couch and removed his
mask, panting as he simply relaxed.
"You need a better costume," I told him.
"Maybe you can get me the number of whoever makes yours," he smiled, "I can hear the little
machines you have in there. It wasn't this advanced the last time we meet."
"No, it wasn't," I told his as I sat down next to him, "I can make you a suit if you want."
"Really?" he asked.
I nodded, "if you really want one," I know according to the show some other dude is
supposed to help him out with the costume, but if I can get him state of the art protection
right now? I'll do it.
"I don't have much money," he admitted, "I can't pay for all the fancy tech you have. How did
you get it anyway?"
"I have a day job you know."
"As what? Tony Stark?" he chuckled.
I smirked, "no, but close."
"Wait really?"
"Yup. I'm an inventor, I make cool shit and get money off the patent."
"Anything I would know?"
"Hm sorry, mostly big corporations and shit like that," I sighed, "I can make you a suit Matt,
if you want me too that is."

Matt sighed before nodding, "yes, please. I would rather not end up dead in some alley
somewhere if I can help it."
I smiled, "fine. And you sure you don't want any tech in it?"
"Just make sure I didn't die because of a stab wound and that'll be enough," he smiled.
I nodded, "I'll bring it over as soon as I can." Maybe by the tim he finishes taking down the
Kingpin the suit I give him will be useless, maybe then he can get a new one made by the guy
who was supposed to make it originally.
Maybe….meh, honestly I don't mind, I could get used to making superhero's costumes. I
always did spend so much time as a kid making new costumes for my favorite heroes, and
they were pretty cool, if I do say so myself.
"Matt," I asked him, "why did they take a kid? And who are they for that matter?"
"They are the russian mob," Matt told me, "and they took the kid to get to me."
"Any particular reason?" I asked him.
"I'm being a pain in their ass," Matt snorted.
"Hm, you know I've been noticing lately that random acts of crime has gone down a lot since
the incident, I find it odd that they suddenly made a move like this."
"Crime hasn't gone down kid, criminals just got smarter," Matt told me, "you're like a beacon,
they know they can't take you, so every time you come around they hide like cockroaches
from the light. It stands to reason you can't find anyone openly opposing you anymore, they
are too scared."
I whistled, "damn, am I really that scary?"
"Yes," Matt nodded, "I heard about what you did, I doubt anyone would want to fight
someone with the tech of Iron man, the fighting skills of Captain America and whatever
spider thing you got going on there."
"Oh stop you're making me blush Matt," I chuckled before growing serious, "if what you're
saying is true then crime hasn't gone down, it's just more hidden. Okay...okay I'll have to be
more careful now. Thanks Matt."
He nodded, "right. Oh and if you're serious about this, know that there's a new player in town.
I don't know his name, but he or she are the reason all the gangs are acting so smart lately. I
was following a lead with the Russians when they decided to pull this stunt, sigh, hopefully
you'll have better luck than I did."
I looked at Matt, I sighed, "his name is Wilson Fisk."
"I'm sorry?" Matt turned to me, his unfocused eyes staring at the wall over my shoulder.

"The guys name, it's Wilson Fisk, that's who you're searching for. I may not be in touch with
the criminal underground, but I do keep my ear to the ground. I don't know much about him,
real estate guy, big, fat but underneath all that fat was some serious muscle."
"I see," Matt nodded, "I'll try to find out more about him."
"As the masked Night man or as Matt Murdock?" I asked him walking to his window.
"Both," he replied before humming, "you know, you never did tell me your name."
"You already know it, it's Spider-man," I chuckled, leaping out of the window and swinging
away.
I spent a few more hours outside patrolling, focusing around Hell's kitchen. If Fisk was in
charge of things here then I need to be more careful about how I do things. Maybe it's time I
go undercover. Hm, if I do that I'm going to need a cover name...how about...Bruce Wayne?
Hehe, this is going to be good.
I went home that night later than usual, it was around 2 in the morning when I got in. I had
just gotten into my PJ's and slipped into bed when my SHIELD issue phone suddenly went
off.
I groaned, 'I should totally just let that go to voicemail….yeah…..it's not like it's an Avenger's
level threat right? No way….fuck!' I grabbed the phone, it was Fury.
"Hello my second favorite cyclops! How's it hanging?" I asked into the phone.
"Greenpoint Avenue Bridge, now. And don't suit up," he hanged up.
Fucking great, what the hell does he want now? I swear I think he timed the call on purpose
the moment I got out of my costume.
I grumbled, but luckily after a glass of water and an energy bar I was good to go. I put on a
dark set of tracks and tucked away black ski mask and my spare web shooters, just in case.
Never know what's going to happen when you go for a midnight rendezvous with the greatest
spy in the world.
I put on my old shooters and swung my way towards the bridge in question. I made sure to
land nearly a block away and covered the rest by foot. I was about to walk into the bridge
when I noticed a man standing near a tree. He wore a grey tracksuit with a duffle bag over his
shoulder, I focused and could make out Fury's face.
I turned to him and he walked into a nearby park that overlooked the bridge. We sat down on
a bench in the middle of tall bushes that smelled of piss and beer.
"Why the secrecy?" I asked him, "we could have just met in the safe house."
"SHIELD's been compromised," were the first words out of his mouth.

My eyes went wide, "I'm sorry?"
"The bases you stole from Wyndham's computer?" Fury reached into his duffle bag and took
out a folder and passed it to me.
I looked inside and found pictures of rooms that looked recently vacated, they left behind
furnitures like chairs and tables, but not one shred of paper was found.
"Shit," I hissed, "how? The only ones who knew I even made a list where the people on the
team that helped take down Wyndham and you."
"After you delivered the drive to me I issued a search and capture order on all those sites,"
Fury explained looking me in the eye, "I had to wait for 12 hours to launch a simultaneous
attack on all the sites. And in that small time frame they got away."
"How the hell can you empty out bases this big in 12 hours?"
"They didn't empty out most of them," he took a picture from the back, it was of a burned
down building, "in most cases they burnt it all."
"But still, 12 hours?" I hummed, "that's not possible unless-"
"-Unless the lis got out and someone told them beforehand," Fury completed with a node.
"Woah….we have a spy on our hands," I told him.
"Not just one, many, and they have deep roots in SHIELD," Fury grumbled, "for them to gain
this type of information...it's uncanny."
"Could it be someone higher up?"
"No," he looked at me.
"What?"
"You."
"What?!" I cried out, "you think I'm a spy?! For HYDRA?! The guys who kidnapped and
enslaved my dad for over a decade?!"
Fury meet my eyes and for a moment I feared he would do something stupid. But then he
sighed, "sorry, just had to be sure."
I blinked, "what?"
"I wanted to see if you were lying or not."
"And you can tell just by looking at someone?" I asked.
"I find myself to be a very good judge of character."

"Really?" I asked with a drawl.
"Yes, I figured you would make a good Avenger didn't I?" he smirked. I grumbled, stupid old
man. He sighed, "I don't think you're a spy, and I don't think anyone on the Avengers roster is
one either, in case you were wondering. But..."
"You can't say the same about your own agents," I told him, and suddenly I got a horrible
thought. "Nat...you don't think she's-"
"No," he said much to my relief, "if there's one agent I can trust with my life it's her."
I sighed, "thank god. Because just between you and me I don't think I can fight her."
"Why?"
"She would kick my ass," I shuddered, "maybe if I had my suit and web shooters I would
have a chance, but pure combat? She would win hands down."
"Hm," he hummed thinking, obviously he had just ignored my little triad right there. He
turned to me, "I want you to keep a closer eye on things on your side. If HYDRA is active,
it's bigger than it ever was before. And more secretive, I couldn't find a shred of evidence
leading to them and you just threatened to drag them into the light. Watch your back Peter."
I nodded, "yeah…my secret identity, you don't have it on file do you?"
Fury's face hardened, "yes," I gasped, "but only I have access to it."
"And what about the people above you?"
"The council members? There's no way that-" he paused thinking it over before nodding, "I'll
remove it as soon as I can. It may not do much but at least on the off chance they haven't
been able to hack into our servers you'll be safe.'
I sighed, "thank you Fury."
He nodded, "right," he got up before realizing something, "oh, and before I forget," he
reached into his jacket pocket and took out a photo and passed it to me.
Curiously I took it and looked it over. It was Jessica Drew, she was smiling and looked a lot
healthier than before. She was wearing SHIELD uniform, only without any of the weapons or
the symbol on the shoulders. I turned the pictures around and saw in cursive the words,
'Thanks for everything, you're my hero' with her name signed below.
"She started training last week," Fury told me with a smile, "she's good, her powers make her
an excellent agent and...well, thanks to you she has her eyes sent on making a name for
herself."
I chuckled, "damn, didn't think I could have this kind of impact on people."

"Are you kidding?" Fury smiled, "every day I hear an agent go on and on about how you're
an inspiration. How you try to be a hero despite everything. You're a good kid Peter, and a
better hero. Get used to having people look up to you."
"Thanks," I looked up but found myself alone in the park. I got on my feet and looked around
but I swear he was nowhere around. I blinked, "okay...that's a little cool." I so have to learn
how to do that.
The next day:
Fuck school. I really hate this place. Not only did I get stuck with fucking advanced
placement classes that had me actually pay attention, I couldn't even spend time with my
girlfriend.
At lunch I managed to spot Felicia, MJ and Liz sitting near the back chatting with each other.
I smiled and walked up to them, but as I did I quickly noticed a new member joining the
group, a guy, blonde hair, pale face and smile as he looked at Felicia.
I don't like him.
"Hey Tiger," Felicia noticed me first as she smiled and waved at me, "it's been so long!"
"Ha-ha," I rolled my eyes, "who's this?"
"Hey," the teenager smiled, "I'm Mark, Mark Raxton, nice to meet you!"
I didn't recognize the name, so not a big super villain or anything. "I'm Peter," I nodded as I
stepped between him and Felicia and sat down, "nice to meet you Mark," I glared at him, the
message was clear, 'don't fucking think about it you piece of shit.'
"Y-yeah, hi," Mark said with a gulp. Good, he knows his place.
"Someone's protective," Felicia giggled.
"Two words, Jessica Drew," I grinned.
"Hey! That's because of you not me!"
"You gave her a black eye."
"And?"
I smiled at turned to Mark, "so, how did you guys meet?"
"Mark's in our music class," Liz explained with a smile, "MJ and him were chatting and she
invited him to lunch."
"Really," I grinned looking at MJ who tried her best not to blush. Wait, did she say music
class. I blinked, "do we have music classes here?"

"Yes Peter," Liz sighed as she rubbed her temples, "not everyone can take advanced calculus
for their credit requirements."
"Hey, don't blame my genius boyfriend for being smart!" Felicia called out hugging me
tightly, "he's a special little boy!"
"I have a feeling you just called me retarded," I grumbled.
"Wait, so you're Peter Parker?" Mark asked with a little surprise in his voice.
"Yeah, why?" I asked.
"Dude! You're like a legend!" Mark called out, "we heard about you! You like saved
everyone's lives at the Stark expo last year! And you for with the Fantastic Four! Even the
kids in my old school up North knows about you!"
I blinked and looked at the girls, "am I?"
"Yup," Felicia nodded, "basically because you consider high school pointless and don't give a
damn about nearly all the people here you basically became like a god to them."
"We didn't want to tell you because we didn't want you getting a big head," Liz huffed,
"besides it's not like it can get any bigger."
"So wait, do you like know Johnny Storm?" Mark asked with wide curious eyes.
I nodded and slowly the barrage of questions hit me like an avalanche. I spent most of lunch
answering questions about Johnny and the other Fantastic Four. Fucking fanboy.
But over the course of lunch I noticed him and MJ flirting a bit, she got annoyed he was
ignoring her and I could tell. And then after he was done with his little hero worship he
flirted with MJ a little, and Liz, he tried to get the trifecta and made googly eyes at Felicia,
but one glare from me convinced him otherwise.
By the end of lunch Felicia and I found ourselves in the coffee shop we used to come too and
I tutored her. She didn't have physics this year, hence no studying, but it was still a perfectly
decent place for a date.
We gave our order and sat down near the back, snuggled together. Felicia took out her phone
and went on Twitter, I watched as she looked around my alter ego's profile.
"You really need to use this more often," she told me.
I shrugged, "I use it as a public speaking platform Kitten, warn people of an alien invasion,
fight annoying reporters on my case and maybe burn a couple of annoying 12 year olds with
too much time on their hands."
"It would still be better if you actually used it," she shrugged, "anyway, Peter...we need to
talk."

I stopped and blinked, I turned to her with a serious glare, "you're not breaking up with me
are you?"
"What? No!" Felicia threw her head back and laughed, "no you stupid boy!" She cupped my
cheeks and looked at me dead in the eye, "look at me Peter, I'm not going to leave you so
don't plan on getting depressed any time soon, okay?"
I couldn't help but smile, I leaned forward and pressed my lips on hers giving it a gentle kiss.
I pulled her close as we snuggled together. "So what do you want to talk about?"
She took a deep breath and sighed, "my...my father. I figured out how to get him out."
I felt the world come to a halt, whatever she was going to say I didn't think...I didn't expect
this! I turned to her and looked seriously, "what?"
"I….I found out where they are keeping him."
I felt fear drop into my stomach like a hot ball of lead, "how?"
"He...he told me where they were keeping him, it's a facility in Texas, it's not there in any
maps, but I found it," she smiled, "Peter, I found my dad."
"How? SHIELD isn't a small time police department Felicia they are the best of the best, how
did you find it?"
"I had help," she whispered, "an agent who said he's an old friend of my dad's. He found
where he worked."
"What's his name?"
"Rumlow, Brock Rumlow," she spoke and immediately I had a face for the name.
It was the face of the man who killed Captain America, in the comic books at least. He
was...he was...he is going to be the villain known as Crossbones. A man who I know for a
fact works for HYDRA, meaning he didn't just give this information to Felicia.
"You can't trust him," I told her immediately, "he's a double agent."
Felicia looked confused, "I'm sorry? What?"
I looked around, no one looked like a spy, then again I doubt there would be, stupid paranoia.
I looked at Felica, "someone got the list of all the HYDRA bases that I got from Wyndham,
they made sure each base was empty when SHIELD came in. Fury told me about it yesterday,
he said that he suspects moles, several of them and..." here came the little white lie, well not a
lie, more like a well placed guess, "I know for a fact that Rumlow is one of those people."
Felicia narrowed her eyes, "that's….not possible."
"No, it kind of is," I sighed as I quickly came up with an idea, "think about it, you're looking
for your dad, anyone would know that. Rumlow gives you this information, we go to break

your dad out and he tips of SHIELD getting us caught. We are both out of the field and
whatever plans HYDRA has...we can't stop it."
Felicia shook her head, "Peter, are you crazy?! You sound like a conspiracy nut job!"
"No I'm not, because if I was in HYDRA's place that's exactly what I would do," I told her,
"this is a trap Felicia, we can't afford to fall in it."
"Peter, it's my dad, I can't let him route in prison for the rest of his life!" her voice raised.
"I know that, I do, but all I'm saying is give it some time, I'll tell Fury what happened, I'll tell
him it was Rumlow and he'll catch the guy red handed."
"And probably transfer my dad somewhere even harder to get!" she snapped, I could see pure
fury in her eyes, "I'm not letting him go Peter, not again!"
"Why can't you get this Felecia?!" I could feel myself getting angrier, "they are using you,
using us. We stopped their plans and now they want us gone so that they don't have to worry
about us coming after them!"
"Us? You mean you," she got up and walked up.
"Felicia!" I called after her, following her outside. I ran to her and grabbed her wrist pulling
her around, "please Felicia, it's a trap!"
"No!" she pulled away, "it's not Peter! It's this crazy idea you have in your head! Whatever it
is! It's just me going after my father!"
"But HYDRA-"
"-Doesn't care about me! I'm nothing, just a thief! You're the amazing Spider-Man," she
whispered with a hiss, "they want you. So you know what, you don't have to come, I'll do it
myself, you can just stick to being a good little hero looking down at me like a judgmental
prick!"
My eyes went wide as she ran away from me. Did she really think that? That I...that I look
down at her? That she was somehow not important to me?
"Felicia!" I call out running after her. She slipped into an alley and tried to lose me, but I
managed to jump over her and landed before her, getting in her way, "I never once looked
down on you Felicia. Believe me, please. I don't know where this is coming from!"
She looked at me, I could see tears slowly welled up, "when you told me your aunt and uncle
were kidnapped I didn't ask questions, I didn't ask a thing. All I did was ask you what I could
do to help. And now? When I need your help saving my dad? You make these stupid
theories….you don't need to lie to me Peter, I can do this on my own."
"I didn't lie to you Felicia!" I snapped, "I'm telling the truth! SHIELD does have spies in it,
and chances are Rumlow is a spy! I'm trying to protect you! Protect us!"

"What proof do you have?" she asked me, "what proof do you have that he's a spy?"
"Why would a SHIELD agent vulture classified information to you?" I asked, "why would he
do that unless he wanted something?"
"He said he was a friend of my father's-"
"-When did they become friends?! When he was in prison?!" I snapped. And immediately I
knew I said too much, I stammered out, "I-I'm sorry Felicia, I didn't mean-"
"-No," her voice trembled with rage, "save it. I'm done explaining myself to you. Don't talk to
me," she pushed past me and walked away. I wanted to run after her, I really did. But after
what I said...I don't think that would be a smart thing to do.
But then again I never was a smart man was I?
I looked around, the alley was empty. I slipped into the shadows and when I came out I was
in full Spider-Man gear. I climbed up to the roof and looked around for her. I quickly found
Felicia walking away a block over and began to follow her.
As we reached a junction she slowly looked up and I immediately moved away from the roof
edge. I waited for a moment before looking down again and seeing her staring right at me.
She flipped me the bird before walking off, getting into a cab and driving away.
I followed her back home where she closed her windows and pulled down the shades. I knew
I couldn't say anything to change what I said. I texted her twice, forgive me. But she didn't
respond.
'This calls for a big apology, like really big,' I thought to myself, 'cake, flowers, vanilla
milkshake and maybe a new pair of boots,' but something felt off. She wasn't just angry at
me, she was angry at Spider-Man, meaning he had to apologize as well.
Immediately I got an idea, it was stupid and kind of dumb, but I was desperate. Felicia is the
one thing in this life that I can truly say I love with all my heart. Even being Spider-Man is
something I would be willing to give up for her sake, but that didn't mean I wanted her and I
trapped by HYDRA in the stupid plan they made for us.
I swung over to the Brooklyn bridge, big bridge, lots of space and best of all, giant red metal
tubes that I could use as a writing post.
I stood at the top and shot out web lines after web lines, creating a thick bunch of wires that
was darkened thanks to their density.
It took me minutes to finish the first four words, mostly because I was getting used to
forming said words in the first place.
For anyone looking at the bridge from either side or driving through said bridge, they would
see me spelling out the words, 'I Love You' with my webs. I still hadn't completed the
message, I am meaning to write down, 'I Love You Cat, Always', hm, should I add in the
comma or not? Meh, I should, I am somewhat of a grammar nazi.

And speaking of nazi…, "computer, call Fury," it rang three times before he picked it up.
"What do you think you're doing?" he asked, "the NEWS is all over your ass."
I looked down and sure enough the trucks had arrived and were filming eagerly, "yeah, I
noticed. But it's not like it's village or anything right? I'm just writing a giant apology letter.
Why? What does it look like I'm doing?"
"It looks like you're graffitiing the Brooklyn bridge because you're trying to impress your
girl," he shot back.
"Well...yeah," I chuckled, "I'm surprised you heard about this? Don't you have better things to
do?"
"No when it involves one of the world's mightiest heroes."
"Oh Nicky, you're making me blush," I could almost hear the man rub his temples on the
other side, God I love being Spider-Man! "Anyway, this isn't why I called."
"Oh? Do tell," Fury asked.
"An agent of yours," I stopped, should I tell him about Rumlow? No, that would just
complicate the plot of Winter soldier but on the other hand if he gets removed then there
won't be a reason for Civil war to happen so...fuck the timeline, "Rumlow, he contacted
Felicia offering to help free her father."
"What?!" Fury snapped.
"Yeah, I'm thinking he's HYDRA. They probably know Felicia is willing to do anything to
save her father and they know I'm willing to do anything to make sure she doesn't end up in
jail. I'm guessing they are trying to lure us into a trap. Meaning Rumlow-"
"-Is HYDRA," Fury completed, "is she going to do something stupid?"
"Like get her father out of jail?" I asked to which he hummed, "no, well at least I'm hoping I
can convince her otherwise. We had a huge fight about this, she wanted to follow Rumlow
lead and I didn't, I'm hoping I can talk some sense into her."
"Do that, I don't want to put two Cat's in prison," Fury grumbled out.
"You can help with that," I told him.
"How?"
"Rumlow claimed he's a friend of Walter's, can you find proof this isn't the case? Like did
they ever work together? Did Rumlow ever serve as a warden in the place where you have
Hardy tied up? Anything I can use to show Felicia he's full of shit?"
"I'll see what I can find," Fury told me, "make sure she doesn't do anything stupid Peter." Oh
no, he called me Peter, now I have to take this seriously too!

"The one thing in life I won't ever let happen Fury, and that is put Felicia Hardy in trouble.
You can count on-"
BOOM!
The explosion was loud, like a freaking cannon! I looked over and saw a wave of orange
energy explode out from over on Upper East side, and there was only one thing I knew there
that could even explain what that was. The Baxter building.
"What was that?!" Fury yelled out.
"I don't know, but I'll find out, Spider out," I cut the call and swung away across the bridge
heading right into the heart of the city.
As I came closer I noticed the traffic had gotten stuck around the area where the Baxter
building was. People were running away from something. I grew worried, was everyone
okay? Ben would be fine, Reed can't get hurt that easily. Johnny might make it out fine and
Sue has her invisible shields but….dad.
I grew afraid, so very afraid for that man who looked at me like his own son. I may not be his
child, but the least I owe Peter is to make sure his father was alright.
I swung around the corner and the Baxter building came into view. The top five floors were
burning. Fuck, there goes my lab! Fuck me!
Fire was pouring out, people were crying out. I could hear ambulances coming over, good, I
don't need to deal with civilians right now.
I swung over to the lounge windows and ran in. Everything was burnt, burning like it had a
purpose. I adjusted my web shooter settings and shot out giant wads of webbing, covering the
flames and killing them through suffocation.
"Dad?! Ben?! Johnny! Where are you guys!" I called out as I finished putting out the fire in
the lounge, running into each lab.
"Peter! Over here!" I heard a voice calling out from inside Sue's lab. I ran to it and found the
door locked. I touched the door, no heat, meaning there wasn't I fire that would be feeding
fresh air if I kicked this down.
With a quick kick the door came flying off it's hinges. I ran it and looked around, everything
was trashed, luckily Sue kept all her experiments in plexiglass, most weren't open. But near
the back of the destroyed room I found Richard holding Sue and Johnny as the wall collapsed
over him.
"Dad!" I called out running towards them, "are you alright?!"
"Sue protected us," Richard called out, "she grabbed us just in time! But I think it wore her
out! Johnny's passed out!"

"Hold on tight! I'll get you out!" I looked over and quickly withdrew my spider arms from
their casing. They shot out four web lines at the fallen concrete and pulled at once. The walls
on the side came flying away, but the one directly over them threatened to come crashing
down. I ran and grabbed it before it smashed Richard and the others, holding it up with my
superior strength.
"Any time now dad!" I grunted out as I held the concrete wall up.
"Right," Richard said as he limped out from under the wall's shadow, dragging Johnny and
Sue with him. Once they were clear I dropped them and moved away.
"What the hell happened?" I asked him.
"I don't know," he gasped, "we felt it coming from Reed's lab before everything just went
upside down. Sue save me but...oh god what could have caused this?!"
I looked around, "this is bad, this is very bad," I had such a bad feeling about this. I touched
my helmet's side and activated the call feature, "call all Avenger's."
Richard gasped but remained silent as my phone called Tony, Cap, Nat, Clint and Fury, the
last of who I considered an honorary member of the team. I also avoided calling Bruce, no
need for the Hulk at times like this.
"Hello?" Tony picked up first.
"Stark? Why did you call me?" Fury asked.
"Me? I didn't' call you, you did!" Tony shot back.
"Tony, if this is a joke it isn't funny," Steve's voice came.
"Captain? You're on this too?" Fury asked in surprise.
"I called you guys," I spoke up, "I'm in the Baxter building right now, everything's wrecked.
Something's going on guys and I don't know what. Tony, how soon can you get here?"
"Fifteen minutes?" he guessed.
"Great, come soon and bring every armor you got. The place looks like a war zone," I looked
around, "Fury, Sue Storm and Johnny are out, I need agents here now. Cap, think you and
Widow can make sure nothing get out of here?"
"I'll be on the first jet over," Nat's one and only reply came before she disconnected.
"I'll see you soon Spider-Man," Cap replied before cutting of as well. I disengaged the call
and sighed, 'now, what the hell caused this?'
I walked to the door when Richard called me, "where are you going?"

"To find Reed and Ben," I told him, "stay here, whatever caused this probably thinks you're
dead, and that's a good thing. Tony and the other's will be here soon."
"Peter, don't go-"
"-I have too," I shot back, "I'm sorry dad."
The man looked heart broken, he sighed, "be safe son. Please."
I nodded and quickly ran out, heading towards Richard's lab. I found the door wide open and
it's sides covered with ash. I could see small pieces of concrete blown outwards, meaning
whatever that energy wave was it came from inside here.
I ran inside and found everything dark. I cursed and quickly turned on night vision.
Immediately I found Ben in one corner of the room. He had been thrown into the wall,
judging by the crater he formed behind him. I ran to his side, "Ben!"
His blue eyes opened slowly as he looked at me, blinking, "Pete?"
"Don't say anything Ben, you could be hurt. Stay still, I called for help," I told him looking
him over, "where's Reed? What happened?"
"Stretch," he groaned out looking to the middle of the lab. I looked over and found Reed
stretched out like a rubber band lying face down.
"Reed!" I called out running towards him.
"No," Ben moaned, but he knew Peter couldn't hear him, "he's back."
I carefully picked up Reed and touched his neck, there was a steady heartbeat, thank god. I
sighed, "Reed? Reed can you hear me? It's going to be alright okay?"
He opened his eyes slowly, squinting at me, "I-I'm sorry. He's back. I-I didn't mean-" he
trailed off.
"It's alright Reed, you'll be fine!" I cried out.
"No my dear Spider, I do not think it will," came a voice from behind the giant machine. I
snapped my head around just in time to see a bright green circle flare in front of me.
'MOVE!' I heard myself scream out, jumping back just as I avoided a blast of green energy.
Suddenly my sense blared out, something was behind me, and I practically just ran into it.
I couldn't stop my backward momentum as a metal hand grabbed my throat from behind. I
grabbed at my throat but that did nothing to deter the creature as it began to lift me into the
air, choking me.
'Fuck!' I cursed as I put my hand on the arm and sent a repulsor out strong enough to break
bones.

SNAP!
I went down on my feet, coughing enough to pop out a lung. I rubbed my throat and looked
around, it was a robot, half broken, the very same one I had been studying ever since Doom
attacked this place nearly a year ago. I realized immediately what was going on, I looked up
just in time to see a figure walk out of the light.
His armor was battered and no longer shined. It was dull and chipped away. But I could see
green light pouring out of every crack. His cloak was in tatters, his mask looked like it was
welded onto his face. He looked down at me and raised a hand.
"Doom has come for you," Victor Von Doom said as he sent a blast of energy at me.
I was too slow. The attack was too sudden. I blame the shock of seeing him alive. He hit me
right in the chest sending me flying out of Reed's lab and into the wall across the door.
Doom walked out, his heavy steps were the only things I could here. I slowly fell down, but
before I could reach the cold hard floor Doom's first was around my throat. He squeezed, I
gasped, the pain, I have never felt pain like this before.
"I spent so long in that realm, so long thinking of ways to kill you, to crush you like the insect
you are," he spat as he suddenly threw me into the wall again, breaking a rib in the process.
I picked me out and threw me across the lounge floor. I rolled and quickly tried to get back
on my feet. I managed to get on one knee, that would be enough. I raised both hands up into
the air and fired two repulsor blasts.
"Pathetic," he called out summoning a shield of green energy to protect him. I couldn't
believe it, was that...magic? The shield was a green circle with two adjacent rectangles inside
with several sanskrit words written inside. How?!
"Insolent bug," he dropped the shield and kicked me across the jaw sending me flying away
through the air.
I landed with a thud and felt a broken tooth. I looked up just in time to see him send a bolt of
lighting at me strong enough to fry a human. I smirked, I felt my suit's power charge up. I
cried out in pain, pretending to be hurt, waiting for my chance.
Doom finally stopped, he glared at me, he was about to move when suddenly Richard came
up behind him with a fire extinguisher raised over Doom's head, knocking him over the head
with it.
Thonk!
Doom paused, he turned around and looked at Richard, "foolish, but brave," he grabbed
Richard by the throat and lifted him up, "I'll make it quick."
"Let him go!" I felt true rage built up inside as fired off a unibeam that hit Doom right in the
gut, sending him flying off and Richard landing on the ground.

Immediately I ran to him and bent down, "are you okay?"
"Run Peter! Don't worry about me! Just run!" he cried out.
"I'll be fi-" my spider sense went off. I jumped back but I wasn't fast enough. Doom's first
was around my throat again as he flew me through wall after wall before finally throwing me
out a window.
Crash!
I saw the glass dance around me as I fell down. I couldn't feel my back, it hurt, I need to
survive, I need...webs, I need to use my webs.
I shot out a web line at a window, I swung like a pendulum into another glass window,
breaking through and landing on a desk in the middle of an office.
I groaned as I curled up into a ball, I could feel glass cutting my legs, I wasn't fast enough to
be unharmed. I tried to crawl away, to run and hide, but slowly a shadow came over the
window.
Doom was flying. So unfair.
He floated through the window and landed before me. I felt my body growing weaker, more
blood was lost. He looked at me, tilted his head and suddenly my sense wentBOOM!
His fist went into my chest, I felt it cave inwards. I broke through the desk and landed down
on the ground. He stepped over me and kneeled, brought a fist over his head the punches
came.
I don't think I could feel anything after the fourth one that broke my nose. The sixth one
shattered my helmet's optics and the seventh one broke my helmet off.
Doom saw my face and immediately stopped. I think it was surprise on his face, I can't tell,
too much blood flowing into my eyes, blinding my sight.
"You...you are a child," he gasped. I couldn't reply, I didn't know what to say. Suddenly
though, the pity melted away, instead came anger. I could smell it on him, the rusted copper.
"Doom was beaten by a child?! A mere bug?!"
I coughed, whispering something. Doom glared, he bent down and came closer. I whispered,
"I'm a spider, not a bug. An arachnid. Some genius you are," Doom was about to speak when
he suddenly found my hand on his throat, a weak grip, barely better than a touch.
He grew amused, I could see it as the worry of an attack washed away form his face.
Suddenly he gasped, I'm guessing my eyes flashed blue. He opened his mouth to ask what I
was doing when suddenly the metal on his throat began to collapse on itself.

"Whack!" he gasped, ripping the armor off. My hand fell limply to the side, as I chuckled, if
I'm going to die, at least I made him pay. He panted and turned to me, lifting his arm and
placing it directly over my head, "this will be the last time you make fun of Doom."
I couldn't help it, maybe it was the Spider-Man in me, I smiled, "moron," I knew that word
alone would be enough to drive him over the edge.
And it did.
I closed my eyes before I felt an overwhelming sense of pain take over my body. I saw
Felicia smiling up at me as she curled her silver hair closer into my shoulder. Please God,
whoever's listening, please, let her be safe.

Chapter 29: Chapter 28: And washed The Spider out
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Felicia Hardy didn't know what was worse. Seeing the man you love with all your heart
brought in half dead, and knowing that if he did die, the last thing you ever said to each other
would have been an argument.
An argument she regretted the moment she got home. He was right, like he always was. One
would think her pride would hurt admitting that, but Felicia always understood the kind of
person she loved.
He was a genius, he didn't have an equal, she highly doubted any man or woman on this
planet could match wits with her love, be it with words, actions or thoughts. He would
always be superior.
Even if he didn't admit it, he never would, the noble bastard was too humble for that, she
knew the man she loved, she knew him well.
And this just made the sight before her even more impossible to bare.
She had gotten the call just as she was going to bed. She was up late, her news feed was filled
with images of the Brooklyn bridge covered with her love's webs, a message only for her
written on it.
'I love you.'
The moment she saw that, she had forgiven him, though she realized it was her who had to do
the asking, it was her fault they fought anyway. But then again being the woman in the
relationship did have its perks.
She was actually expecting him to come swimming into her bedroom window, a single rose
in her hand and a box of chocolates in another. She expected to spend the rest of the night in
bed with him, doing her best to get him to forgive her.
By the time she was done, she expected even he would have had a hard time breathing. But
that never happened. No...she never got the chance.
Tony Stark of all people had called her. He was frantic, when the words 'Peter's hurt' reached
her ear all thoughts of sleeping left her mind, replaced with a numb ringing in her ears.
She didn't remember how she got to Avengers tower, nor did she remember how she got past
security. Thinking back she thinks she used the silver bracelets Peter gave her for her
birthday to swing around the city. But she really doesn't remember anything else.
When she arrived, she saw a small army of doctor's surrounding a body. A body so beaten
and broken, she didn't realise it was the man she loved until she saw his hair. His blood

soaked hair.
She gasped as she stepped back in fear, the door to his room closing behind her.
She walked back and hit the wall, sinking down as the feeling of total helplessness filled her
heart. She looked in horror at the door as the doctor and nurse poured in and out. She recalled
Tony Stark walking with them as they moved to and from the room, the man looked pale,
worse than her, he looked like he hadn't slept in days, his beard scruffy and large, nothing like
the perfectly groomed subject she was used to seeing.
"Sir! We need help! His spinal cord has been damaged, we need to fix it before doing
anything else or he won't walk again!" a doctor cried out, the words ringing in Felicia's head.
"Fine! JARVIS! Who is the best neurologist in the city?!" Tony cried out.
"That would be Doctor Stephen Strange sir," the AI voice called out.
"Then get him here on the double!"
"I am sorry sir, but I cannot."
"And why the hell not?!"
"He was in an accident two weeks ago. His fingers have been irrecoverably damaged."
"Fine! Then get me the second best neurologist in the city! And get him here now!" Tony
growled, he then dismissed the doctors, they quickly ran back to the surgery, eager to save
her Peter's life.
Stark approached Felicia, she didn't know how she she looked, judging by the pitying look
Stark sent her it must have been bad. Felicia's mind was consumed with...with doubt and fear.
Nothing else but the daunting thought of what would happen if her Peter didn't make it.
"He's going to be fine," Stark told her, she didn't believe him, "I got the best doctors in the
city working on him, they'll have him fixed up in no time," he gave a half hearted smile, "hey,
maybe after that you two could go on a long vacation, I do have this amazing house in the
Hamptons you could use, just don't throw any big parties okay?"
Felicia ignored his pathetic attempt at humor, it wasn't his best material, she didn't blame
him. She didn't honestly care. She looked at him, "why didn't you take him to a hospital?"
Tony sighed, "given his unique...well, everything, I figured he would be better suited being
treated here. Don't worry, I have the best doctors and equipment on standby, Peter Parker will
not die tonight, I promise you."
And he kept that promise. Peter did pull through, though barely.
It took twenty doctors working for over 10 hours to stabilize him. For that time Felicia
remained rooted to the spot outside his door, not bothering to look anywhere else. She was
sure by now she smelt, she was sure off it, but again, she couldn't bring herself to care.

When he was finally stable she stayed by his bedside, refusing to move from it for any given
reason. She drank nothing but coffee, watching over him like a hawk, she eat a little, a
protein bar here and there. She didn't remember doing anything else.
The room was comfortable enough, people came and left, leaving a card or something to wish
him a speedy recovery. They even brought in flowers, why she didn't understand. Honestly,
he would prefer something useful, like a comic book or something.
While she sat there, looking at his broken form, she couldn't help wondering just how much
she meant to him. Just how in such a short time, the cold hearted persona she so wanted to
adapt broke apart like it was nothing. He didn't just break through her walls, he demolished
them.
He...he was her everything, she knew this now. There was always a question of just what they
were to each other, lovers, partners, friends...no. She knew now, they were more than all of
that. They were soul mates.
She snorted at the thought, honestly, such a thought seemed...so impossible. But now? Now
she had an example to prove the concept was real. Herself.
She felt sadness at seeing him like this, what if he had died? What would she have done then?
What could she have done then? Died? Would she ever recover? He gave her everything and
still thought it wasn't enough. And yet...Gods, she wouldn't be able to live with herself.
The sadness lasted like a cloud over her head for a whole day, the thoughts of possible
suicide surfaced. She pushed them back, but she didn't think she could ever get rid of them.
Not until Peter's eyes woke up once more and looked at her with that playful glint like they
always had.
Felicia had stayed as the Avengers came and left. Tony came when he could, stayed to make
sure she didn't need anything and then left. Bruce, who was horrified at the idea of a child
being Spiderman, made his visits an hourly thing. She remembered when he first found
out...it wasn't pretty.
"He's just a child!" Bruce cried out, yelling at Tony with such ferocity Felicia wondered if
they would have to deal with the other guy as well.
"He is...yes," Tony nodded.
"You let a child fight?! He could have gotten killed Tony!"
"Bruce listen-"
"-No you listen!" Bruce yelled back, "a child has no place in our world Tony! He's lucky he
didn't die this time! There should not be a next time! We have to stop him, we have to make
sure he never puts on that mask again!"
"You can't do shit," Felicia hissed. The man turned ot her, the teenage girl stared down two fo
the smartest men on the planet, one stronger than a God, and she met their gaze defiant.

"You think you can stop him from doing what he does? Do you? Please, don't' make me
laugh. He doesn't need your damn permission and he most certainly won't care if he doesn't
have your blessing. He's a hero, not because he's a thrill seeker or a mad man, but because
he's a hero. And I don't care who the fuck you think you are, but he's Spiderman And this?"
she pointed at his injuries, "won't keep him down. He won't give up, he will never give up, he
might stop for a while, just to recover, but you will never be able to stop him."
The two men said nothing, Felicia dismissed them with a wave, turning back to stay vigilant
over Peter. They would see, any day now he would be up and running. And she would be
there when it happened.
It was mid afternoon of the second day Peter was bedridden when she was forced to leave
and shower. She was forced feed by some lady names Potts, she didn't remember, just a
redhead, annoying redheads.
Speaking of which...Jean, she would have to tell Jean. She didn't know...Felicia didn't think
she could do it. The words, 'Peter almost died' weren't ones she ever wished to use.
When she came back that evening she found she wasn't alone. Standing over his unconscious
body was a bald man with a black trench coat and an eyepatch. Fury always looked active,
never once looking his age. But now...now Felicia didn't see the director of SHIELD. No, she
saw a tired man.
"The kid's strong," he replied looking up at her, "he'll wake up soon enough."
Felicia nodded, "I know. You don't have to tell me."
Fury smiled, "figured...Stark told me you have some choice words to Banner about Peter's
condition."
The girl shrugged, "maybe I did. Why do you ask?"
Fury was silent, for the longest time he didn't say a thing, he looked like he was thinking
something over, something important. Finally he sighed and took out an SA, an invention of
Peter's.
He displayed a map and passed it to Felicia. It was a map of Rome, the outskirts of the city
were highlighted. "What's this?"
"Doom's robot had been dismantled and kept for analysis in Peter's lab," Fury spoke, "when it
activated it managed to break into Richard's lab and bring it's master back."
"How?" Felicia asked.
Fury slipped the screen and showed a video of a person dressed in black sneaking into Peter's
lab through the window. A window that was hundred of feet above ground. He walked to the
robot and assembled it together, taking out some kind of glowing blue battery and placing it
into its system.

"We haven't been able to find out who this person was," Fury replied, "but we do know that
after they left, a signal came from this location," he pointed to the map of Rome, "activating
the robot and programing it to free Doom."
"Who?" was Felicia's cold question.
"...I suspect HYDRA," Fury replied.
Felicia turned to him, "how?"
"We managed to track this place down, that's why I've been missing for the past few days,"
Fury touched Peter's arm, almost apologetically, "we found several files relating to
them...they wanted revenge. After what Peter did to Wyndham and revealing their resistance
to the world...they wanted to remove him permanently."
"They knew Doom would try and kill him?" Felicia asked.
"Yes...they did….or at least they hoped," Fury growled.
"Bastards," Felicia's voice was filled with bile, pure unfiltered hate for the Nazi group. If she
ever saw them again...she didn't think Peter would like what she did to them all.
She passed the SA back to Fury, "thank you for telling me...it helps knowing who was
responsible for this whole mess."
Fury nodded, "right...of course."
Felicia walked over to her love's side, holding his hand in hers, "I just wish I could actually
do something about this….about them."
Fury looked at her, "do you really mean that?"
"Yes," there was no hesitation, no doubt.
"What would you give up?"
"Everything."
"Even him?" he looked at Peter's body.
Felicia turned to the man, "what exactly are you telling me Fury?"
"I have a mission for you...a mission to ensure HYDRA never tries to attack Peter again."
"How?"
"You're father will help you in that regard."
Felicia locked down, those eyes...she feared she would never see them open again, "how
long?"

"Until HYDRA falls...for good."
She was silent, for the longest time she said nothing. She was thinking, wondering just how
much she was willing to give up. She meant it when she said everything, but him? Peter
Parker? She didn't know if she could do that.
But...to protect him? To make sure those bastards never again tried to kill him? She would
gladly die to make sure these past few days never happens again.
She looked at Fury, "what do I have to do?"
With Peter:
Darkness all around.
I couldn't understand, how? Why? How can something be so empty yet I feel so at ease.
I felt my back, it was set into stone, something's wrong. I can't move my arms. I felt my skin,
my lips were covered with something, I can't move. It's like I'm stuck in one place, unable to
do anything.
I need to open my eyes, I need to find out where I am!
And slowly, there was light.
My eyelids were heavy, as the ceiling came into focus so did the sound of a heart beat
monitor. I couldn't look anywhere else but straight up. My neck was fixed, I lowered my
eyeballs down, I was in a hospital bed.
I looked around, there was a table, so many flowers. I hate flowers. I would rather they bring
comic books. I felt rage, I remembered what happened, Doom, fucking Doom.
I looked down, my body was broken, my feet were bent at odd angles. My neck looked like it
was black, my arms, oh god, they looked like they had been snapped at the wrist.
I felt around, my fingers, I could move them, but everything else, I looked at my legs and...oh
god, I can't feel my legs! I can't…
Panic began to set in. I felt tears come up, no, no! This isn't fair! I did good, I was a freaking
superhero! I did good! I helped people! What right did he have?! What right did Doom
have?! His arrogance, his pride, it was so wounded that he felt it right to injured me?!
I felt my pain turn into anger. Pure unfiltered anger. I wanted Doom dead, I wanted him
broken and lying at my feet. I needed...I need my body back, back in one piece. I needed to
become strong again. And I have an idea just how to do that.
I looked around, a note was on the table, several notes all wishing me well. I lifted my hand
and suddenly felt a flash of pain. No! I refuse to stop because of this! I need to do this!

I touched the edge of one note and pulled it down. I looked around, no pen, great, just-wait, I
looked to the side, my chart was hanging by the side of my bed. A pen was sticking out by
the edge.
I felt my body weaken, I was going to go into a coma again, I need to be quick. Sadly my
hand movement was sluggish, the pain was fighting through, I could barely touch the tip of
the pen, instead of pulling it out, I was pushing it in, it was at the edge of falling off.
I sighed, I closed my eyes and focused, I touched the tip of my finger to the pen and felt my
powers activate, sticking onto the pen. I pulled it out slowly, holding it in my hands tightly as
I smiled, victory!
I laid my hand down to rest on top of the note, hard part's done. I sighed as I began to write in
what was probably my worst handwriting to date.
'Sue: Mutant Spider project, pass: Felicia Parker A9+ Logan's blood. Hurry!' I wrote it down.
Yes my password was Felicia, sue me.
I pray that Sue understands my message. She and Richard are my only hope! I knew I would
get asked why I was even looking into this project in the first place, but this wasn't the time.
Then came the issue of my blood becoming too toxic to work, but I hoped the regenerative
powers in Logan's blood to heal me and reduce the damage even if just by a little. Rightnow,
the rewards far outweigh the risks.
I laid my head back down on my pillow, my neck hurting from moving as little as it did. I
reached out, I felt the nurse help button and pressed it over and over as my eyes slowly
closed.
I felt sleep take me just as the door came flying open and several people ran in.
"What happened?!"
"He pressed the help button! He's awake."
"Not now he isn't."
"Wait, what's that?"
"Call the director, he needs to know about this."
I was asleep again, but I was aware of myself. It's like something was slowly pulling me out
again. My consciousness slowly pulled itself out of the abyss that was my coma, I could feel
something stir up inside of me.
And suddenly I felt my lungs rage as if on fire. It felt like acid was poured into my lungs. I
think my body might have gasped, I'm not sure. But I knew this feeling, I could only think
one thing, 'thank you Sue'.

And when I opened my eyes again I felt something different. No restrictions. My body was
whole once again. I put my arms down and pulled myself up, I looked around, my neck was
healed, my legs were healed, my body was healed. It was like all that pain was for nothing.
I looked around, I was still getting IV drops, hm, don't need that anymore. I plucked all the
wires off me and immediately the alarms went off. It shouldn't be long now until they all
come running in. I got to my feet and stretch my hips, I feel stronger, good.
Suddenly the door was thrown open as Richard ran in first. He looked haggard and beaten
with dark eyes. He looked at me like he couldn't believe what he was seeing. I smiled, "hey
dad."
"Peter!" he cried out grabbing me into a hug, crying into my shoulder, "oh god I was so
worried! I thought, I thought I had lost you too."
"You're going to have to work a lot harder to get rid of me dad," I hugged him back, that
word, it came easier to me now. This man tried to knock out Doom with a fire extinguisher. I
may not be his son, but he loved me like one. And I can't help but feel like I love him too.
Immediately a few people arrived and began to test me. Richard...dad, my dad was apparently
my doctor, he nursed me back to health. He sat down right next to me as they looked me
over, declaring me in perfect health, which they realised was incredible.
Dad sighed standing before me as I lied down on bed looking up at him. They had forced me
back into bed, wanted me to stay off my feet for some time.
"You're blood accepted the mutant gene easily," he said taking down notes on his pad, "it
went according to your notes, Sue infused Logan's blood into the radioactive gas, which she
prepared exactly to the specifications listed in your notes. I still can't believe your blood has
this kind of...side effect."
"Yeah, it does," I looked over his shoulders at the nurses taking my IV and heart monitor out,
"maybe you shouldn't be open about things dad."
He noticed my line of sight and smiled, "SHIELD took care of it, you don't have nothing to
worry about them."
"SHIELD's not as safe as we can believe," I studied the nurses faces, memorizing them just in
case, "better safe than sorry."
Richard smiled, "right. Don't worry, I didn't let anyone get a hold of your blood or any
medical details, hence why I became your doctor instead of someone else outside."
I sighed, "thank god. If people knew...it wouldn't start a fucking arms race, it will start a war."
"Yes, it would," Richard put down the note and looked at me, "which leads me to my next
question: why were you researching this in the first place?"
"I needed to know what happened to my body when Drew's blood was infused into me,"
which was the truth, "I didn't mean to do anything else," which wasn't. I totally wanted to rip

off other people's powers.
Richard sighed, "right, well it's a good thing you did. Honestly when Sue saw the project you
were working on, we feared you were going to go mad with power or something."
I smirked, "give it time dad. Where are we anyway?"
"Avenger's tower," Richard explained, "Tony was insistent we use it. He had the best
equipment brought in for you. You're right now the only patient here."
So that's why it didn't smell like a hospital, ", guess it would be kind of awkward to explain
how I healed so quickly if I had a roommate huh?"
He smiled, "right. Anyway, you've been out for almost a week. We gave you the gas two days
ago, it took you one day to adapt it and another for Logan's powers to kick in and fully heal
you. How do you feel?"
I clenched my fists, "strong," I sighed, when suddenly I smelt something. I sniffed the air,
"what's that?"
My dad raised an eyebrow, "what?"
"I can smell something," I huffed, "it smells nice, like strawberries. And something sour, like
stained beer, expensive cigars and...coffee?"
Just then the door opened up and Logan and Jean walked in. I was surprised before I smiled,
"hey guys! Long time!"
"Peter!" Jean cried out as she ran to my side. She jumped on me, wrapping her hands around
my neck, hugging me close, "oh thank god you're alright!"
"Told you he would be fine Jean, takes a few hours for the healing factor to kick in," came
Logan's rough voice.
"I'm fine Jean," I told her as she slowly pulled back, I meet her blue eyes and immediately I
knew she was reading my mind, 'I promise, I'm fine.'
"You don't feel find," she thought back, "you feel...angry."
I nodded, "Doom, he tried to kill me, damn right I'm angry. We'll talk later, I promise," I
broke away from her and looked at Logan, "thanks for doing this Logan, I know it wasn't fair
to ask this of you-"
"-Save it kid," Logan held up his hand, "before and your chatty mouth came along I didn't
even know my real name. As far as I'm concerned a few drops of my blood is nothing."
I smiled, "thanks," I turned to Jean, "I guessing when you heard you came running?"
Jean blushed "well, yeah, you are one of my best friends."

"Running? Ha!" Logan chuckled, "she tried to mind control me into coming!"
"What?!" I snapped at Jean.
"He looked like he was going to say no!" Jean defended herself.
I blinked and turned to Logan, "what?"
He shrugged, "some guy came up to me and asked me for some blood, of course I was going
to think about it first."
I nodded, "reasonable request," I turned to Jean and flicked her cute nose, "no mind
controlling people! Got it?! Unless they are annoying little shits that like to torture little girls
and boys, only exception."
Jean smiled, "yeah, deal."
I smiled and turned to Richard, "what did you tell Ben and May?"
"That there was an accident in the lab and that you got hurt," Richard sighed, "they insisted
they come and see but I told them you were being treated in the intensive care unit and
couldn't have visitors. Now that you've healed up though, I don't really know what I can tell
them."
I chuckled, "I'm sure we'll figure something out," slowly I turned serious, "what about the
others? Is Reed and Ben alright?"
"First hour conscious and already worried about other people," Logan snorted, "last I heard
they are all fine."
"Tony arrived just as Doom was...hurting you," my dad explained. Suddenly I looked around
on the table and saw the medical instruments start to float up. Immediately I grabbed Jean's
hand, her eyes relaxed, slowly everything started to float back down.
"Sorry," she whispered.
"I'm fine Jean," I smiled back before turning back to Richard, "and then?"
"He fought off Doom, he lost about ten suits of armor in the process. Doom flew away, Tony
wanted to give chase, but then he realized you were still hurt. He brought you back here
where Bruce Banner stabilized you. Captain America chased Doom into open international
waters. Unfortunately he did...something, something strange and he just...disappeared."
"He just disappeared?" I asked looking shocked.
Richard nodded, "yes."
'Magic,' I realized immediately, 'great he knows fucking magic.' I sighed, "okay, what
happened next?"

"I managed to get to you in time and with Banner's help we stabilize you. It took a while, but
a few days later you woke up and wrote that note. But then Sue was well enough to start
making you that gas, and here we are a few days later."
"It caused a major incident kid," Logan picked up, "Doom's the ruler of Latveria, and the
country views Doom's little trip into another world a form of prison. They are all up in arms,
not to mention the Avengers and the Western hemisphere pissed off that you got hurt in the
process."
"Hurt?!" Jean cried out, "that bastard damn well killed him!"
Logan shrugged, "either way, things are really difficult right now. Fury has his hands full
trying to prevent world war 3. Shit isn't pretty kid."
I nodded and began to look around, spotting the notes and flowers. I couldn't read them
before but now I could. I found wishes from a lot of people. Cap, Tony, Bruce, Clint, Nat,
Sue, Reed, Johnny, Ben, Jean, Scott, Logan, Storm, Xavier, heck even Fury gave me one! But
there was one person missing.
"What about Felicia?" I asked looking at them, "where is she?"
Jean immediately looked angry, "she's..." she looked and me and the anger drained away
replaced with a smile, "she's gone home. She had been by your side all week, I insisted she
go home and rest for some time."
"Oh," I blinked, "okay," something's wrong, I looked worried, but Jean refused to meet my
eyes. Richard looked at her before sighing.
"Peter, maybe it's best you get some rest," he told me with a smile, "go on."
"I feel fine dad, really, I-"
"-Please Peter," Jean spoke up, "take some rest."
I looked at her and sighed, "yeah, okay. But...can you call Felicia, or text her? Let her know
I'm fine."
Jean looked pained but nodded. She promised to do just that as she, Logan and my dad
walked out. The moment the door closed I was out of the bed and pressing my ear against the
door frame.
"Where is she?" I could hear Jean hiss, "she's supposed to be here."
"She said she couldn't take seeing him like this," my dad sighed, "poor girl."
"Poor my ass!" Jean cried out, "I know exactly what she was thinking! She's going to use
Peter's near death experience to break out her dad! I can't believe she would do something
like that!"
My eyes went wide, 'no, she can't be that stupid!'

"Where is she now?" Logan asked.
"Somewhere in Texas," Jean huffed, "that's all I could get."
"Thought I told you not to read people's mind Jean," Logan said in a warning tone.
"I'm sorry but no, when Peter was in a coma you know what I did? I tried to bring him out of
it with my powers but I couldn't. So I went back into his memories and you know the last
thing he thought? 'Please God, whoever's listening, please let her be safe'. He thought he was
going to die and all he could think was about her, but she can't even see him when he's in the
hospital?!"
I stopped listening, I just couldn't. Why? Why isn't she here? I can understand not wanting to
waste any time, but if she was here I would...no, that's a lie. If she was in my position I
wouldn't be here, I would be knocking on Doom's door with a cap opener and a gun.
Texas...her father. She's trying to free him! Logan mentioned SHIELD was busy trying to
prevent world war 3, this would be the perfect time to make sure no one came after Walter!
I'll admit, it's kind of sad she didn't want to be with me, but honestly it's ingenious the way
she took advantage of a chance like that.
I need to get to her, before she did something stupid. Texas, a flight? No, the moment I leave
Fury will figure that's where I'm going. Hm, maybe I can just take my car, last place I parked
it...damn, I can't remember. No, wait, I gave it to MJ, she was going to drive it to her acting
class before going straight home!
I looked around, no phone here, none of my clothes of personal items are here. This is Tony's
place, he must have it in his lab or storage. I need to get it. I leaned towards the door, I can't
hear anyone outside. I opened the door and quickly walked out.
I looked around, not many people here. Good. I kept walking until I saw the sign for an
elevator. I called it to me and quickly stepped in, pressing the button that was labeled 'Lab'.
The doors opened and I quickly walked out. Luckily I wasn't wearing those scrubs that was
open in the back, nope, just a decent pair of pants and a lose shirt. As I walked down the long
corridor I avoided a few people when I could, people generally never look up.
I passed by a lab with a glass window when I stopped and saw my suit laying out on the
table. I smiled, 'jackpot!' I walked up to the door and found it locked, I need a thumbprint to
get in. Fuck me!
I looked at the scanner, maybe I can use some kind of dust to take the print and then apply it?
Is that how that worked? God! All this way and stopped by a door!
"Here let me," I looked up and saw Bruce smiling. I was stunned still as I backed away, he
opened the door with his print and stepped away, "here you go."
I blinked, "ah….hi..."
Bruce smiled, "I know who you really are Peter. Or should I say, Spider-Man?"

I blinked, "huh...so...you ah...you can keep a secret right?"
Bruce chuckled, "yes, believe me, I know how to keep a secret."
I looked at him and grinned, "thanks doc," I walked in and looked at my suit. I never realized
how broken it was until now. The backpack with my arms was gone. The helmet broken into
pieces and my gauntlets shattered.
The armor around my torso looked intact, along with the one around my leg, though they
were covered with my blood. I sighed, "this is going to take a lot of work to fix."
"I surprised you even survived," Bruce told me as he approached from behind, "the amount
of blood you lost...Peter, it's a miracle Tony got to you on time."
"Believe me, I know."
"The suit's system's gone," he tapped the hexagonal arc reactor, "Tony took a look at it, he got
a little bit jealous at the upgrade. But he did proclaim it to be useless now. In his words, 'it's
like a condom with holes'."
I snorted, "figured," I picked up the gauntlets and looked them over. I opened them up and
took out my SHIELD issue phone, it was shattered, "sigh, no luck here."
"You want to make a call?" Bruce asked reaching in and taking out his own mobile, "here."
"Oh, thanks," I said taking the phone.
"Who are you calling?" he asked.
"My girlfriend."
Bruce shivered, "Felicia right?"
"Yeah...you know here?"
The man gulped, "yes, we met. She had….quite a lot to say. Damn scary woman."
I grinned, "damn straight" I pressed the phone against my ear however the call didn't go
through, the number was switched off, "fuck!"
"What happened?"
"She's switched it off, meaning either she ran out of charge, which is unlikely, or that she's
doing something very, very stupid."
"Like something that would make Fury angry?" Bruce asked.
"Yeah, maybe. Why?"
"Because he looks pretty angry right now," Bruce looked over my shoulder. I turned around
and sure enough Fury was walking towards us with a glare and a feeling of dread took over.

He walked in, it was like the lock didn't even matter to him. He looked at me, "what in the
hell does she think she's doing?!"
I held up my hands, "I honestly have no idea what you're talking about," which was a lie.
Duh.
"Don't you dare play me for a fool Spider!" Fury spat, "your girlfriend! The Black Cat! She
just broke her father out, the greatest burglar in the world out of prison!"
I blinked, "I say honestly say I had no idea she did that," which was true, I didn't think she
did it already. Damn, nice time management.
"Really? You're telling me you had no idea she wanted to break her father out of prison?"
Fury asked.
"No, that's not true," I replied, "I told you yesterday that….I mean a week ago, damn, it's
been a week," I sighed, "anyway, I told you a week ago someone I suspected was HYDRA
contacted Felicia and offered to help free her dad. So I did tell you, so you tell me Fury what
the hell happened?"
Fury met my gaze and held it for a long time. He growled, "she broke in two nights ago. We
didn't even get informed about Walter escaping until yesterday evening. She's in the wind
Spider, do you have any idea where she is?"
"No, sorry," I told him.
Fury was silent as he studied me, "fine, but if you do happen to find her call us right away.
She's in a lot of trouble, but if we deal with it quickly and quietly she might just end up on the
other side of this with her hair still white."
He looked at Banner and then to the table with my costume in tatters. Fury sighed, "I'm sorry
we didn't get the bastard."
I nodded, "I know. What's the situation right now?"
"Dangerous to say the least," Fury growled, "Doom's claiming diplomatic immunity and
keeping quiet, but his people, well they are all rallied up into a frenzy claiming his stay in
another world courtesy of Reed Richards and apparently you," he sent me a glare, "is reason
enough for war. Honestly kid, I don't understand what the hell to expect."
"Did you call in the Avengers?" I asked.
"The Avengers are a weapon for humanity against threats beyond its reach. They aren't a
peacekeeping force or a means of attack for America. They can't be seen taking on a foreign
power, believe me, the mere existence of the Avengers makes people nervous, seeing the go
after an enemy of the state will only make things worse."
"But that doesn't mean we aren't going to try," a second voice called out as Tony walked into
the lab with Steve following behind him. He spotted me and smiled, "hey kid, glad you're
alright. You're looking a lot better."

"And I here I have you to thank for that," I smiled, "thanks Tony."
"Oh don't go soft on me, always a pleasure walking in on a dictator beating a teenage boy to
death," he said patting me on the shoulder.
"Not the time Tony," Steve warned, to which Tony just rolled his eyes.
"So what's going on with Doom?" Bruce asked, "are we going to get him any time soon?"
"No," Steve spoke, "it's too complicated. The only way we would even have a chance is if he
comes to us."
"Which is highly unlikely," Tony leaned over my costume and examined it, "you need help
making a new one?"
"No, well...yeah," I sighed rubbing my head, "but I don't think I'm up to it just yet. Nearly
dying tends to….leave an impression on you," I won't admit it, but inside I felt a little bit of
doubt stir up, I was afraid, that if I put on that costume again the next time I'm bleeding out
there won't be anyone to save me.
"There's no shame in taking a break Peter," Steve said patting my shoulder, "even the best of
us need a break sometimes."
The others didn't say much, settling instead to just give me stares of confidence. I nodded to
them and stepped back, letting them continue their little talk.
"I have SHIELD monitoring everything," Fury spoke up, "if Doom even thinks of leaving his
country we'll have dead to rights."
"He won't leave his country," Tony told, "why would he? There he's safe, the people love him
and everything's all right. No, he won't come out, but that doesn't mean he'll just sit there and
waste his time, no, he's smart, he's very smart. I'm guessing he'll build up his army, and only
when he's sure he can beat us, he'll come back for round 2."
"We need a plan of attack if...when he does," Steve nodded, "Tony, those drones he used,
think you can beat it?"
Tony rubbed his eyes, I could see they were heavy, he wasn't getting much sleep. "I can try.
But I'm not too sure. Never did trust drones controlled by artificial intelligence."
"Thank you for the vote of confidence sir," came Jarvis' voice off the coms.
"Oh shut it you," Tony smirked.
"We'll catch this son of a bitch Pete," Steve told me, "I promise."
I sighed, "thanks...oh and by the way, you should know he has some new power."
"What? What kind?" Fury asked.

"He can manipulate pure energy," I told him, "it pours out of him, like water from a tap and
he can use it to create things, like a shield or energy blasts. It's….different," I was going to
say 'magic', but none of these guys believe in magic, and I don't want to become a laughing
stock.
"Great, I'll add that into the list," Fury sighed looking upset.
"Peter, maybe it's time you get back in bed," Bruce spoke up, "you need the rest."
"I'm fine Dr. Banner," I shrugged, "Logan's blood worked like a charm. I don't-"
"-Either way, it's best you lay down for some time," Steve insisted.
"Listen to the grown ups kid," Tony patted me on the shoulder with a smirk, "trust me, we got
this."
I looked at them and I could see it, pity. They were sad for me. I was sad for me. They never
saw me as a kid before, only as Spider-Man, guess seeing me now...it made them realize that
there was a sixteen year old behind the mask, not a grown man. I hated it. But I feel the same
way.
I walked away without a word. As I left the lab I looked over my shoulder and saw them
talking again. I needed to hear what they were saying, and suddenly my eyes started to
vibrate. I felt them being stretched out, like my ear drums were being pulled inwards. And
after a sharp screech I could hear them talking.
"-he's not ready Tony! You saw what Dome did to him! Do you think anyone can take that?!"
Steve cried out.
"Yes, because he needs too," Tony insisted.
"He's just a kid Stark," Fury cut in.
"A kid who figured out a year ago that if you don't do good things, you're letting the bad
people in the world get away scott free," Tony shot back, "what were you doing when you
were 15 Fury? Hmm? In a boot camp somewhere? And you Cap? I know what I was doing, I
was making toys in my dad's garage and trying to get with the hottest girl in my school. But
Peter? He was fighting an alien invasion. He was out there saving lives, he's better than all of
us, he can be greater than we ever could."
"He's still a kid Tony," was Steve's silent response, "he doesn't have to carry this burden. It's
not right. We're supposed to protect him, but look what happened. He shouldn't be SpiderMan anymore, we can't condone it."
"So what? You're just going to throw him out into the woods?" Tony asked, "come on Fury,
you can't seriously be considering this."
"I spoke to his father," Fury said quietly, "the man didn't want this for his boy."
"Because he's such a great father-"

"Enough Tony!" Steve cut in, "he might not have been there for Peter at first but he is now.
He has a right to be a part of his life."
"And technically since Peter is still a minor his father is still his parent," Fury confirmed, "he
asked me to stop training Peter."
"And you're considering it?" Tony's voice was sharp, like an arrow.
"Maybe."
"Fury, that kid started going out in a red jacket and tights long before any of us saw him. You
really think you not giving him permission is going to change his mind?! The first day he
gets out here he's going to be back in costume putting away bad guys! Mark my words. He's
not someone you can order around Fury, you know this. Not giving him training just puts him
into more trouble!"
"He's right," Bruce spoke up for the first time, "Peter's a strong kid, he won't let people order
him around. You know this Fury. Don't push him away, Peter...he won't take it well."
I looked at them, the four men looked at each other with unwavering focus, they didn't know
what to say. I drew my focus away from them and suddenly my ears started to squeeze shut
again.
I winced at the strange sensation. It was like...new powers? Logan, didn't he have some kind
of enhanced sense? The smell, I smelt Jean and Logan before they entered, and the hearing.
Hm, I need to look into this, but not now. Right now I have a silver haired moron to find and
keep safe.
Sneaking out of Stark tower wasn't easy. I'll give Tony this much, he has very good security. I
knew for a fact that if I was trying to get into the place instead of getting out, it would have
been impossible.
"Hey Jarvis," I called out as I walked into the elevator.
"Yes sir?" the AI asked.
"Which floor is housing?" I asked.
"The floor above sir," he told me, "may I ask why?"
"No reason," I pressed the button for the floor above me. It opened up and I quickly walked
out. I looked around, no doubt Jarvis would tell Tony what I was doing, so I need to be quick.
I found a locked door near the end of the corridor with Bruce's name on it.
I pressed my hand on the handle, it was locked, a deadbolt no doubt. I focused and I knew my
eyes flashed blue as I activated my metal bending. I smirked, still a cool name.
I unlocked it with my powers and stepped in. The room was neat, a pile of books and notes in
one corner, but generally very clean. I walked into his closet and opened it up. I found a lot of
jackets, slacks and purple shirts combos, guy really had a thing for purple.

I grabbed a pair of cheap looking jeans, probably since Bruce orders them in bulk. I also
grabbed a green t-shirt with the Hulk's face on it, probably a gift from Tony judging by the
poor taste.
With a new set of clothes on I walked out. Grabbing a cap and a spare set of reading glasses
from Bruce's desk. My disguise was complete. I only wish I had a better set of shoes rather
than the loafers I had on right now.
I couldn't use the lift, I knew that. So instead I moved to the fire escape. I opened the door
and looked down, I must be a hundred floors up. Meh, I'll take the expressway.
I jumped onto the railings and dropped down, landing in a squat. I jumped down two floors at
a time, over and over again. I was making amazing time. I reached the ground floor in ten
minutes and snuck out.
There was security everywhere, I immediately spotted the cameras and thanks to Widow's
training I was able to slip past them undetected. The moment I walked outside the glass doors
I heard the faint sound of alarms going off, guess they figured out I escaped.
I quickened my pace, not too much to make myself obvious. I looked around, people didn't
care about the fact a teenager in a shirt and jeans just walked out of the Avengers tower.
Thank God it's New York.
I put on the cap and glasses, popping the lens out to make sure it wouldn't impair my vision. I
looked around, I needed cash. A wealthy looking man was walking towards me, nice coat,
briefcase. Jack pot.
I ran into him shoulder first. "Oh my god, I'm so sorry mr," I quickly replied, touching his
sides and shoulder, "are you okay?"
"Yes, yes, I'm quite alright," came a dry british accent as he pushed my hands away, "watch
where you are going."
"Right, sorry," I replied with a smile before walking off. I felt his leather bound wallet in my
hands, thank you spider power. One stick finger was all I needed.
I turned the corner into an alley and looked inside. Three hundred bucks in change, not bad. I
took the cash and threw the wallet outside, the guy would need this back.
My spy training kicked in, all those hours with Nat and David weren't just me getting my butt
kicked, it was also training. And I used that training to make it seem like I was heading to the
Baxter building, planting several fake leads towards that area. While in reality I just caught
the first bus I could to Queens.
It took me an hour to get to get near Felicia's place, I went into a salvation army and got
another set of clothes, black shirt and blue jeans with a jacket and another cap. I gave my old
set of clothes to a homeless man and paid him fifty bucks to walk around the block three
times with it. planted so many fake leads into my track I doubt even Fury could find me
quickly.

I walked in and rang the bell. I stepped away and waited, the door opened and Valeri opened
it, blinking in surprise as she saw me. "Peter, what a surprise! I thought you were in the
hospital!" she was smiling, got you you bitch.
"Where is she?" I asked.
"What? Who?" she was a really bad actress.
"Felicia," I pushed the door open, pushing her away, I looked around, she wasn't in here.
"She isn't here!" Valier called out, "and you can't just walk into someone else's house! I can
sue you for trespassing!"
"I know you're lying."
"How?" she asked in disbelief.
"You remembered my name," I scoffed, "plus you smiled at me."
She looked embarrassed but quickly hide it, "I don't know where my daughter is Peter, but
the moment I do-"
"-Mom," I turned around seeing Felicia walk in with her father standing protectively over her.
She looked at me with broken eyes, "it's okay."
Valerie sighed, she closed the door behind her as I walked in. Felicia winced as I ran towards
her, she began "Peter I'm sorry, I couldn't wait any longer."
I took off the cap and looked at her. She looked guilty, so guilty. I then looked up at her father
and glared, "you're daughter's a criminal now."
Walter stiffened, "SHIELD won't-"
"-Fury's looking for her right now," I hissed out, "and if I'm smart enough to figure out she's
here then so is he. You have half an hour, maybe less before they find you. What's it going to
be Walter?"
"He's not going anywhere!" Valeir called out as she stood by her husband's side, grabbing his
hand, "he won't be locked up, not again!"
"And how are you going to do that?" I asked her, "and I don't just mean him, Felicia's in
trouble too."
"We know," Walter stepped forward, I looked behind him and saw bag packed and ready, a
sharp pain struck my heart. He spoke up, "that's why we are leaving, right now."
"W-what?" I looked at Felicia, "where?"
"It doesn't matter," she shrugged, "anywhere."

"You're going to live your life as a criminal? Running away?!"
"I am a criminal!" Felicia snapped, "from day one you knew that! You knew what I was, so
don't act surprised now."
"What about your life here Felicia?!" I asked, "what about Liz? MJ? Me?...Us?"
"Peter...I'm sorry, but he's my dad and I'm not letting him get sent away again," she sounded
hurt, she really did. She looked me, I could see tears form in her eyes, I couldn't understand, I
couldn't move. She whispered, "I'm sorry."
"We need to move," Walter grabbed several duffle bags and gave on to Valeri, "if he's here
they won't be far behind."
"Felicia, let's go," Valeri grabbed her daughter by the arm and dragged her out.
"Peter," she called out. I looked up. I saw tears running down her face, "I'm sorry."
I didn't say a thing as they left. I couldn't. If she stayed they would capture her and throw her
into the same cell they had for Walter. I….I can't let her go. Never.
"Wait!" I called out running out. They had already left the building. I ran out and chased
them. Felicia looked back at me with confused eyes, "I'm coming with you."
"What?" she asked in disbelief.
"I'm coming with you," I told her, "call MJ, tell her to bring my car, we can use it to get away.
SHIELD won't be able to track us."
"Peter you can't-"
"-Yes, I can," I remembered the people I would be giving up. My dad...Jean, May, Ben, MJ,
Liz...so many people. But it would be worth it, she was the only one important to me. It was
worth it.
"Peter-"
"-We don't have time," Walter told her, he looked at me, "I'm sorry son, but you can't come
with us."
"I have nothing holding me back."
"You have family Peter, your aunt, your uncle," Felicia cried, "your dad finally came home."
"It doesn't matter," they don't matter to me, "I'm coming with you," you were the only person
I care for. They were a part of Peter Parker's world, she is a part of mine.
"Peter," Felicia smiled, she ran at me and I held her tight, "thank you."

"Always Kitten," I whispered back, and suddenly my spider sense went off. I moved away
immediately from her when suddenly a hand came flying out jabbing a taser into my gut. I
could feel the electricity course through my body.
I dropped on the ground, I felt my body stiffen like a board. She looked over me, silver hair
with green eyes. Beautiful, so beautiful. She smiled sadly, "I can't let you do this Peter, I'm
sorry. I love you."
"W-why?" I managed to ask.
"Because as much as I need Peter Parker...this city needs Spider-man," I could see her face
breaking up, she looked beyond broken. I tried to reach up and wipe away the tears running
down her face, but I felt my body suddenly hit again with her taser.
"Moron," I whispered. She really was a moron. I didn't have anyone else, only here. I felt my
body slowly heal itself, I could feel my nerves heal themselves. Huh, that's a new feeling.
I moved my arm, my fingers and then my body. I looked up just as her cab turned the corner
and disappeared.
'No,' I told myself as I tried to get on my feet only to fall down and hurt my face. I pushed
myself up again, "no." I tried to walk, but dropped down feeling exhausted. I looked up, she
wasn't there, it wasn't right. It wasn't fair.
My Kitten...my Cat. Why don't you get it? I would give up anything for you.
With Felicia:
The taxi dropped them off at the airport, they managed to sneak into a private runway and by
the time nightfall came, their plane was ready to leave.
Felicia and her father stood side by side once more. The cold wind of the night curling her
hair and blowing it to her face, it was like the wind itself didn't want to see her tears falling
down.
"Kitten..." Walter began, hurt and helpless to make his daughter's pain go away.
"Don't," she whispered, "just don't...that man...he's impossible."
Walter sighed, "if it's any consolation...he's one tough cookie...hard to believe that the man
who took down a HYDRA base was just a kid."
"He's more than that dad...he's amazing," Felicia whispered.
"Are you rethinking the plan?" a new voice called out. The two cats turned to see Fury
approach them from out of the shadows, his one eye on the younger one, "if you want...you
can stop. I can make it seem like you changed your mind, pull the heat off you. You don't
need to-"

"-No," came Felicia's harsh tone, "I won't ever see Peter hurt like that...not ever. I'll make
sure off it...I..is he okay?"
Fury sighed, "he's currently frantically searching every single camera feed he can of JFK
trying to find you...I doubt he will."
"That boy..." Walter shook his head, "how did he get out of your hands? You were supposed
to stall him."
Fury shrugged, "we trained him too well...Widow is proud to say the least, five minutes and
he already had us chasing our tails."
Felicia snorted, "and he said he would make a terrible spy."
Silence rained down for a moment before Fury broke it once more, "your wife is coming with
you? That's wasn't part of the plan."
"I'm not leaving my family again Fury...never again," Walter shot back.
"How will you manage with a civilian on the trail? She'll slow you down, you and your
daughter are Cats, she is not."
Walter shrugged, "we'll manage. Now...do you have it?"
Fury took out and held up a piece of paper with his seal and the seal of the president of the
United States on it, "full immunity for one Walter Hardy, provided he is able to provide
enough evidence that leads to the arrest or destruction of HYDRA."
Walter smiled as he took the paper and carefully put it away, "how long will this mission last
Fury?"
"As long as it takes," Felicia replied instead, the two men turned to her, she glared back,
"until I'm sure HYDRA will never again even touch Peter...until that day, we keep doing
this."
"That could take years," Fury argued.
"He'll wait for me...I know it. He might hate me for a while, hell, he might even try and move
on...but I don't think he'll be able too….just like I wouldn't be able to as well," Felicia said
with a sad smile.
"Do you want me to pass him a message?" Fury offered.
Felicia shook her head, "no...it would be too suspicious. If HYDRA is watching him and
me...they need to think I am truly on the run and no longer his ally. I think I managed to trick
Jean...and I don't doubt she hates me for ti...but...damn it...what am I going to say to him?
How am I going to explain all of this?"
Fury smirked, "that's a problem for another time...for now," he took out a file and handed it
over to the older Hardy, "this is your first assignment. Good luck, Cat, Black Cat." Without a

word, father and daughter got onto their private jet and left, heading Eastward to Europe.
Fury looked at the plane's back lights and sighed, 'sorry kid...forgive me.'

Chapter End Notes

Sorry for taking so long to update. Hopefully it wont take this long again.

Please drop by the Archive and comment to let the creator know if you enjoyed their work!

