Throw Away Your Mask
Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at https://archiveofourown.org/works/50040106.
Rating:
Archive Warning:
Category:
Fandoms:
Relationships:

Characters:

Additional Tags:

Language:
Series:
Stats:

Mature
Creator Chose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Gen
Persona Series, Persona 5, Persona 4, Persona 3
Akechi Goro & Kurusu Akira, A few background relationships but
mostly gen i swear, implied Akechi Goro/Kurusu Akira, (can either be
read as pre-slash or gen)
Akechi Goro, Kurusu Akira, Persona 3 & 4 Ensemble, Shido Masayoshi,
Shadow Akechi Goro, Shadow Persona 4 Protagonist, Velvet Room
Attendants (Persona Series), Persona 4 Protagonist, Persona 3
Protagonist, Arisato Minato, Narukami Yu
Okay y'all this fic is a doozy, Hurt/Comfort, It Gets Worse Before It Gets
Better, Time Travel Fix-It, Drowning, Torture, Blood and Injury, Gun
Violence, Child Abuse, Death, Canonical Character Death, Kidnapping,
Gaslighting, Non-Consensual Drug Use, Implied/Referenced Suicide,
Implied/Referenced Sexual Abuse, Some references to sex work, Akechi
Goro Needs a Hug, Akechi Goro Redemption, Akechi Goro Has Social
Links | Confidants, Akechi Goro is Bad at Feelings, Prior knowledge of
persona 3 & 4 not required, Goro is confused too, Post-Traumatic Stress
Disorder - PTSD, Panic Attacks, Nightmares, Self-Hatred, Gen or PreSlash, Implied/Referenced Homophobia, References to Persona 2, Minor
Hanamura Yosuke/Persona 4 Protagonist, Minor Iori Junpei/Yoshino
Chidori, Implied Mochizuki Ryoji/Persona 3 Protagonist, She/They
pronouns for Shirogane Naoto, after their shadow obv, Canon-Typical
Violence
English
Part 1 of No More Pretending
Published: 2023-09-12 Completed: 2024-09-04 Words: 613,901
Chapters: 100/100

Throw Away Your Mask
by MollyPollyKinz
Summary

Instead of dying, Akechi finds himself eight years in the past. With his persona abilities still
intact, he has to find a way to stop the end of the world.
And work with a bunch of teenagers who thinks he's a child.
Akechi would've preferred to stay dead.

Notes

I spent nine months writing this bad boy. It's 560k words. I swear I will finish posting the
entire thing. To be honest I'm only posting it for my sister but if anyone wants to join me
that's cool too.

TV Tropes

See the end of the work for more notes

Chapter 1: November 18, 2016–April 26, 2009
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“Ice cream, really?” Akechi asked as Kurusu thrust a cone in his hand.
“It’s the day before we steal Sae’s heart,” Kurusu said. “We’ve got to celebrate our near
victory.”
“Wouldn’t it make more sense to celebrate after we succeed?”
Kurusu shrugged and began to lick his ice cream. “Usually we do something more
extravagant.”
“I see.” Akechi stared at his ice cream, but he found he wasn’t very hungry.
“And besides, you’re leaving the team after this.” Kurusu lowered his cone and stared at the
sky. “Do you think… we’ll be able to do something like this again?”
Akechi almost didn’t respond. Any positive answer would be a lie.
Instead, he smiled and said, “Of course.”
Kurusu’s smile didn’t reach his eyes. “Of course,” he echoed softly.

Part 1: My Ghostly Shadow

Akechi never gave the afterlife much thought.
When his mother died, the few people that bothered to attend the funeral gave him halfhearted platitudes. Phrases such as “she’s in a better place now” or “she’s watching over you”
did little to comfort a child already bitter toward the world. It didn’t matter if she was happier
where she was. She was the one who abandoned him, who decided that he wasn’t worth
fighting the harsh battle of life.
Akechi didn’t have much time to dwell on it as he was moved from foster home to foster
home. He was more concerned with himself, with fighting tooth and nail to escape his
dooming situation.
When Akechi killed for the first time, he allowed himself to wonder about death. He
wondered if he had sentenced someone to heaven, hell, or nonexistence. He wondered what
words were exchanged between those who grieved for the person he killed.

After that brief moment of weakness, he pushed all such thoughts aside. The endless debate
of immortal souls didn’t matter. He had a plan, and he could not be distracted by such
thoughts. All that mattered was the people he killed were out of Shido’s way, furthering
Shido’s trust in Akechi, bringing Akechi ever closer to enacting his revenge.
In all truth, as Shido’s cognition of himself leveled his gun toward Akechi’s head, Akechi
expected that to be the end. One bullet and his existence would cease entirely. If not that, he
expected to end up in some form of hell as punishment for his very long list of sins.
Then, when he woke up in Maruki’s dystopian utopia of a reality, Akechi refused to think
about what would happen to him after Akira put things to rights. He’d vastly preferred
nonexistence over another one of manipulation and lies, but he was lying to himself when he
thought he was not afraid of what came after.
Akechi’s face pressed against the windows of the Morgana Helicopter Monstrosity. He could
barely see Akira leap back into the wreckage of Maruki’s palace to have a fist fight of all
things. He wondered what the hell was wrong with his rival as the walls of the palace
crumbled around them and Morgana’s helicopter choppers beat against the air–
Silence enveloped Akechi like a suffocating blanket.
Akechi lay completely still. His face was still uncomfortably pressed against a hard surface,
but it wasn’t a window. The surface was much smaller, and the sharp edges of it were surely
creating red marks on his cheek. Akechi could barely breath the hot, suffocating air, and
Akechi realized that the silence wasn’t a blanket at all. There was actually a blanket draped
over his head, soft and heavy and covering his entire body.
In the silence, a clocked ticked in the steady rhythm of counting the seconds.
Tic, tic, tic, tic…
Impatience suddenly seized Akechi. He would not allow death to be silent, still, or
suffocating, not if he had any say in it.
Akechi’s arms felt light and ungainly as he grabbed for the edge of the blanket. When he
finally brought his fingers around the fabric, his grasp felt much weaker, not to mention
smaller, than he expected. He yanked the blanket off of himself and sat up.
He blinked as his eyes adjusted to the darkness in his surroundings. A familiar painting of a
beach sat on the wall across from him. His chest tightened
It seemed Hell decided to take the shape of one of his old foster bedrooms.
Akechi tried his hardest to breathe.
Assess the situation. It would do no good to panic, especially if his old guardians were
sleeping in the room adjacent to his. Waking them up would only cause more difficulties than
what was worth.

Akechi inhaled sharply. The hard surface his face had previously been planted against was a
textbook. Akechi picked it up. It was heavier than he expected, but he focused on its contents.
Some of the printed text was in Latin letters, and Akechi could make out simple English
words and phrases.
Akechi recalled spending sleepless nights studying underneath the covers of his bed, not
wanting to be found out by his guardians. They didn’t take kindly to their sleep being
disturbed by Akechi’s mumbling or the bright light of his flashlight coming from the other
side of the door. And while Akechi made sure to complete all of his homework immediately
after classes were done, he took the time to study extra whenever he had the chance.
I have to prove those bastards wrong. He would think to himself, even at the young age of
eleven. I’ll show them all what I can become.
Akechi was always obsessive when it came to his goals. He was determined to reach the top
of his class, even if he sacrificed the notion of making friends or having any other hobbies.
Friends and hobbies were useless if he ended up in the gutter.
His studies, of course, had paid off, but he could already imagine Kurusu’s incessant prattling
about the importance of bonds and other similar crap.
“What’s the point of achievements if you don’t have anyone to share them with?” Kurusu
asked once on one of those lonely nights at the jazz club. He wore a confused expression, as
though he truly had no idea what hid behind Akechi’s motives.
Akechi was deeply preoccupied, seeing as he was going to disappear from existence in a few
days, but he didn’t think mentioning that would do Kurusu or himself any good. He also
didn’t mention that once Akechi knew he could get revenge on Shido, his own life was of
little consequence to him.
Akechi returned his attention to the textbook, closing it as silently as possible. While doing
so, Akechi realized why his entire body felt smaller and entirely too weak.
He was smaller. His hands were free of any scars and blemishes, and they were admittedly
thinner as well. His fingers were notably smaller, and as Akechi stretched his arms out, he
couldn’t reach nearly as far as he was used to.
It made sense. Hell took the form of his old foster home. Hell apparently made him take the
form of his ten-year-old self, who had lived in it.
Typical. Hell took him back to one of the worst times of his life, barely a year after his
mother had died. In hindsight, of course, Shido was far worse than some neglectful and
verbally abusive swine; his foster parents had never encouraged him to murder innocents. But
back then, when Akechi was ten and motherless, this was yet another taste of how vile and
disappointing the world could be.
Breathe, damnit.

A flashlight rested against Akechi’s legs, and Akechi recognized it as the one he used to
study with. Akechi picked it up and pressed the button awkwardly with his smaller hands. No
light emerged from the bulb. It must have run out of batteries. That, at least, explained why
Akechi had been asleep when he woke up. Akechi wasn’t prepared to steal batteries in the
middle of the night, not at the risk of being discovered. His younger self probably thought it
best to attempt to read the words on the page in the darkness and ended up falling asleep
instead.
Not that he thought he had actually time traveled. Although anything was possible after
everything Akechi had seen and experienced, it was far more likely that something else was
at play. Perhaps Akechi really was in the afterlife. Or, perhaps, he was in some version of the
metaverse, which took advantage of his deepest fears and insecurities.
If that were the case, Akechi best look for some sort of weapon to use against the shadows.
Although Akechi could still feel his personas’ power, tucked beneath the far recesses of his
mind, he wasn’t sure how much stamina this younger body had.
Akechi slid out of bed, and he struggled to gain his balance as his feet landed on the floor.
His legs were certainly much weaker than he was accustomed, which was to be expected.
Fortunately, this wasn’t technically his first time being in an altogether new body. He’d been
turned into a mouse plenty of times while running around in palaces.
Admittedly, this wasn’t remotely the same thing, but it was enough for Akechi to grit his
teeth and take a few experimental steps. He careened forward, and he grabbed the bed before
he fell flat on his face.
He glanced at the clock sitting on his nightstand. It was still ticking away as the minute hand
got closer and closer to reaching midnight. That gave Akechi plenty of time to rehearse and
prepare for the next morning, as long as he was quiet about it. With any luck, nobody would
notice anything was off at all about him.
Akechi still glanced around the room for any weapons, just in case this was a trick of the
metaverse. Unfortunately, at this point in his life, Akechi hadn’t quite reached the point of
carrying a knife illegally on his person, and he certainly didn’t have any toys that could
function as weapons in the cognitive world. The best he could hope to do was throw his
textbook at any shadows that tried to attack him, which, while an amusing thought, wouldn’t
be all that effective.
Akechi grabbed the dysfunctional flashlight. It felt good to have something in his hands, even
if that something was used for neither stabbing or shooting things.
For now, Akechi would just practice walking and–
The sudden silence was deafening.
Obviously, it hadn’t been loud before. As a matter of fact, the only sounds in the room had
been Akechi’s scrambling and the ticking of the clock. It hadn’t been overly difficult to tune
out said ticking, but it was easily the loudest noise in the room.

Now, it was gone.
It was probably paranoia that caused Akechi to react so strongly to the absence of a ticking
sound, but he spun around toward the clock anyway. It didn’t explode, although Akechi
wasn’t sure he expected it to in the first place. The seconds hand merely stayed perfectly on
top of the hour hand, which was centered on top of the twelve. The minute hand indicated
that it was a few minutes past twelve.
The clock broke suddenly. That was it.
Akechi cursed himself for his own skittishness, and he turned away from the thing. He was
ready to continue his own plans of walking practice, but a flash of green emerging from the
window caught his eye.
Akechi looked out the window, and he nearly let out an exclamation of surprise.
The sky was green.
That at least confirmed his theory about being in the metaverse. Or hell. Certainly not the real
world. Akechi walked up to his window, stumbling a few times, and he took a better look at
what was happening in the city outside.
In addition to the green sky, the city seemed to be filled to the brink with coffins. Either hell
liked to hammer home the fact that Akechi was dead, or the ruler of whoever’s palace he was
in considered everyone else in the world dead to them.
Akechi felt an uncomfortable nagging sensation. Was he in his own palace?
No. He still had his personas. Persona users couldn’t have palaces. Maruki was an exception,
not the rule. Besides, Akechi frequently checked his metanav to see if he had a palace that
could be exploited by either Shido or the Phantom Thieves. No such palace had ever existed.
So, he was in some other deprived soul’s heart. Probably one with some sort of childhood
trauma, if Akechi being his childhood self had any indication. This warranted far more
investigation, and Akechi couldn’t exactly proceed if he stayed huddled away in his bedroom.
It was a palace. His foster parents were likely not even in the apartment complex.
In spite of that possibility, Akechi crept out of his bedroom as quietly as he could manage. He
wasn’t as stealthy as he would like, but his past experience infiltrating palaces did not fail
him. He hated himself for being afraid of two adults who ultimately held no true power over
him–Akechi had the power to kill them at any time–but habits that used to protect him were
hard to kill even eight years later.
But, if all of the people out on the street were coffins…
Curiosity overwhelmed Akechi’s anxiety, and Akechi crept up to his foster parent’s bedroom
door. He wrapped his fingers carefully around the cold doorknob and slowly twisted it.
Cracking the door open slightly with a terrifyingly loud creak, Akechi peered inside the
room.

Two coffins sat on top of the queen-sized bed, and Akechi’s hand dropped to his side
immediately. That was one thing Akechi needn’t worry about.
Without another thought to stealth, Akechi ran to the kitchen and grabbed a large knife. It
would have to do as a weapon against shadows. After looking back outside the living room
window, Akechi hadn’t spotted any shadowy figures, but it was better to be safe than sorry.
Carefully handling his new weapon–Akechi did not need to accidentally cut himself due to
his newfound clumsiness–Akechi hurried down the stairs of his apartment. Although in the
past he might have just gone ahead and leapt out the window, Akechi did not trust this body
to obey the metaverse’s incorrect conception of how physics worked. If it turned out he
wasn’t already in the afterlife, he was not going to die by misjudging his own abilities. That
would be pathetic.
Akechi exited the apartment building and hid behind a nearby trashcan. He looked to his right
and left for any enemies. None came. The streets were emptier than Akechi had ever seen
them, and the deathly quiet was unsettling.
Even though there wasn’t a shadow in sight, Akechi still used stealth as he progressed
through the city. It was better to be safe than sorry. Akechi was in no state to be engaging in
combat on his own, even with Hereward.
Besides, if this was a palace-- and it almost certainly was-- there logically had to be a center
in which the ruler’s treasure resided. It was only a question of where. During most of his
conquests through palaces, it was unnecessary to make it all the way to the treasure. He’d get
deep enough through the palace security that the ruler’s shadow would come to investigate,
and Akechi would kill the shadow without a second thought.
Sometimes, however, Akechi was pressed to draw out the ruler in more creative ways. In
those cases, the easiest solution was always to head in the direction of the ruler’s treasure.
The ruler would almost always rush to defend it.
In palaces such as Niijima-san's, it was easy to ascertain that the treasure would be at the top
of the building. In other palaces, Akechi would speculate the location of the treasure based on
both the whispers of the shadows and the ruler’s own goals. In Okumura’s palace, it took no
time at all to discover that Okumura would be fighting the Phantom Thieves where his new
ship was being launched.
In this new palace, Akechi was at a distinct disadvantage. He did not know the ruler of this
palace. By extension, Akechi did not know the ruler’s distorted desires. To make matters
even more difficult, there was seemingly no center building that would serve as a stronghold
for the treasure. Even Kaneshiro’s palace, which was technically the entirety of Shibuya, had
its own floating bank.
Akechi glanced at the skies, but only the murky green crescent moon floated above him.
Very well. Akechi would just have to engage old-fashioned reasoning. He was a detective,
and while many of his “deductions” had been mere deception, he wasn’t incapable of logic.

Based on the scope of the palace, it was safe to assume that the ruler’s desires were extremely
distorted. Akechi had already explored multiple city blocks, and the shadows and coffins
were all the same. As Akechi wandered around more, it seemed that the distortion had no
intention of fading away, as it would with most palaces.
Akechi hated to think it, but this sizable distortion was almost at the same scale as Shido’s
sunken Japan.
Focus. The distortion seemed to center around some sort of death motif. Where citizens
should be, coffins stood instead. The sky was green, and a few puddles near the curb were a
blood red color.
Perhaps they think themself a vampire, Akechi thought derisively.
To organize his thoughts, Akechi tried to bring the possible keywords that the metanav would
designate to this palace. The entire city was likely the location… Iwatodai, if Akechi recalled
correctly. As for the distortion… tomb? Graveyard might be more fitting, or perhaps even
hell?
Akechi wished he could be absolutely certain that he wasn’t in his own palace. His desires
were certainly warped enough to require one. And from his appearance to his current
location, he was in his own personal form of hell.
Akechi once again dismissed the thought.
After perhaps another twenty minutes of sneaking around and trying to find more clues,
Akechi finally found what he was looking for.
It was distant and somewhat difficult to make out, but there was definitely a towering
structure on the horizon. The building seemed alarmingly massive, but Akechi didn’t allow
himself to be too perturbed. At any rate, that was the place to go to get more answers. The
shadows had likely all congregated there. It was certainly far away, but Akechi had been
conserving his strength. While his weak legs were getting sore, he was sure he could manage
at least as long as it took to find a safe room–
The city burst alive with a fit of noise. Cars honked and engines roared, and Akechi flinched
at the sudden appearance of people where coffins once stood. The sky returned to its original
black, the moon once again pearly white.
Akechi froze in place, trying to understand what had just happened. Had he accidentally
exited the palace? But he hadn’t even moved. Was it possible he hadn’t been in a palace at
all? But everything that just occurred reeked of the metaverse.
Akechi stood to his full height, refusing to be caught crouching behind a garbage can. His full
height was still at least a full head shorter than the rest of the adults that wandered past him,
which was proof that Akechi still was in the body of his ten-year-old self. His age hadn’t
been an effect of the metaverse.

This certainly left Akechi with fewer possibilities. This was the most bizarre afterlife Akechi
had ever heard of, or he had time traveled. If Akechi had time traveled, he reserved the right
to be royally pissed at whatever deity had decided to continue making Akechi’s life an utter
shit show.
Regardless, Akechi should operate assuming the worst case scenario. That is, Akechi really
had time traveled to when he was ten years old, and he no longer had the emancipation he
had so deeply valued in past years. It was one of the only things Shido had done that Akechi
had genuinely appreciated, even if his freedom had come with chains.
Akechi reached into his pocket to pull out his phone before he realized he had no such
device. No watch sat around his wrist either, which meant Akechi had no way of knowing
what time it was. The sky was still significantly dark. Akechi could assume it was deep into
the night, which gave him time to relocate his apartment building and return to his bedroom
hopefully undetected.
Akechi would have better luck sneaking around shadows.
Although it was years since Akechi had even lived in this city, he still remembered enough
from his past, as well as from his walk just now, to get back to the apartment building. After
climbing the stairs, he found the front door wide open from when he left earlier.
Clearly, the metaverse affected the real world in this case. It was deeply unsettling, but it
didn’t seem that any burglars had taken advantage of the opening.
Akechi carefully crept inside, closing the door behind him as carefully as possible. He would
have to return the knife to the kitchen as well, lest his guardians notice that it was missing.
Akechi was already an illegitimate child. He didn’t need ‘dangerous delinquent’ added to that
description.
Akechi’s footsteps were much louder than he would prefer, but these floorboards always had
an over tendency to creak. Grimacing at the noise, Akechi entered the kitchen and placed the
knife back into the knife block.
Muffled swearing and heavy footsteps echoed from down the hall. Akechi stiffened, but his
chances of making it back to his bedroom before he was discovered were impossible now.
Instead of wasting precious time, Akechi immediately began wracking his mind for a decent
excuse as to why he was wandering the apartment in the middle of the night.
Akechi began walking toward his bedroom as calmly as possible. He had barely taken two
steps out of the kitchen before his foster father, Fukui Katsuro, intercepted him.
His short black hair was matted around his pale face, which was pulled into a tight scowl. For
what he lacked in bulkiness, he made up for in height, and he easily towered over the still
rather short Akechi.
“What the hell do you think you’re doing?” he demanded. His eyes darted over to the kitchen
behind Akechi. “You brat, you were stealing, weren’t you?”

Years of working with Shido and his associates allowed Akechi to stay calm. He forced an
innocent expression on his face as he said, “I was doing nothing of the sort, Fukui-san. I was
merely using the restroom.”
Fukui narrowed his eyes. “You really expect me to believe such a crappy lie? I know how
brats like you are, acting all innocent and sad when you really want to strip us of everything
we own…”
Akechi tuned out the rest of his speech, trying to look appropriately ashamed for his
“misbehavior.” Eventually, Fukui would begin telling Akechi that he had made so much
racket that his wife, Yui, had woken up. Then, he’d tell Akechi that if he had found time to
sneak food from the kitchen in the middle of the night; he wouldn’t need breakfast the
following morning.
In the past, Akechi would zone out thinking of all the ways he would one day make vile
adults suffer for mistreating him. They mostly involved gaining a position of power and
creating laws that would prevent evil people from taking care of children ever again.
Akechi had been more idealistic back then. This time, he tried to remember where the
grocery store on the way to school was. He could grab some free samples for breakfast,
assuming he left early enough in the morning.
God, he was beginning to sound like Kitagawa.
Speaking of school, did Akechi remember where it was? He recalled having to take the metro
to get there, but he wasn’t sure if he remembered the way. He couldn’t exactly pull up the gps
on his phone either, seeing as he didn’t have one.
Why did he have to get sent back here of all places? Akechi had escaped the horrors of the
foster system, and now he would have to go through it all over again? At this rate, Akechi
would end up going back to Shido just to get out–
Akechi jolted back to reality at the sound of Fukui’s hand smacking against the wall. “Are
you even listening to me, you little–”
“I think,” Akechi interrupted, his frustration causing him to forget himself, “that if you’re so
concerned about Yui-san’s insomnia, you shouldn’t shout at me so loudly.”
The slap wasn’t unexpected. Akechi stumbled backwards at the force of it, narrowly avoiding
collapsing backwards onto the floor. He grabbed the nearby chair as an anchor point, catching
his breath as he tried to stay calm.
Fukui was just a man. A pathetic, disgusting whelp of a man who hurt children because that
was where he found the most power. Akechi could kill him in an instant. He wouldn’t even
need the metaverse.
“Don’t talk back to me!” Fukui shouted. “You’re lucky we’re kind enough to even take you
in! Brats like you should learn to be grateful for what you’re given, but if you think you’re
too good for us, I suppose you won’t need dinner tomorrow either…”

Akechi would be collecting some free samples on his way back from school as well, it
seemed.
Akechi was chewed out for approximately fifteen more minutes before Fukui sentenced him
back to his room.
“If I hear another peep out of you, there will be hell to pay.”
Akechi didn’t bother studying. He trusted himself to know basic elementary school material,
and, fortunately, at this time, he was already at the top of his class. There would be no risk of
Akechi arousing suspicion at suddenly knowing everything.
Instead, he crawled into bed and stared at the clock sitting on his night stand. His cheek still
stung slightly–for such a skinny man, Fukui was certainly strong–but Akechi managed to
ignore the pain well enough. It was the emotional trauma that was trying to crawl its way
back out of Akechi’s chest.
He couldn’t go through this again. He refused to go through this again.
But if this really was reality, if he really was trapped in the past, Akechi had few options. He
still had many years until he could emancipate, and Akechi wasn’t willing to wait that long.
Death was always an option, but it clearly didn’t stick as well as it was supposed to.
Besides, Akechi wasn’t sure he liked it all that much the first time. Akechi would save that as
a last resort.
What was his life coming to? Akechi sighed as he watched the second hand on his clock tick
mechanically onward. He should just try to get as much sleep as possible. Hopefully, it would
be as nightmare free as possible.
Wait a moment… hadn’t his clock broken? Hadn’t it been stuck on a minute past midnight?
Admittedly, that was in the metaverse, but Akechi would have assumed that the clock, like
the front door, had carried over into the real world as well.
Apparently not. The clock happily displayed that it was fifteen ‘til two, as though it didn’t
realize how much confusion it was giving Akechi.
Akechi rolled over and closed his eyes. He would worry about clocks and palaces and time
travel later. For now, he wanted to fall asleep and pretend that his life hadn’t gotten
insurmountably worse.

A piano melody floated around the corners of Akechi’s consciousness. It was followed by
someone singing, and Akechi’s entire soul swelled up with the music.
He opened his eyes.

He wasn’t lying in bed. Instead, he was sitting straight up in a chair. Another chair sat next to
his, but it was empty. A round table covered with a violet tablecloth stood in front of him.
Behind that table sat the strangest looking man Akechi had ever seen. His was clearly
ancient, but his nose was shaped like a crow’s beak. His round eyes stared at Akechi
piercingly, and Akechi returned the gaze.
“Welcome to the Velvet Room, my child,” the man said in a strange, high-pitched voice.
The Velvet Room seemed to be a giant elevator, but it was the fanciest elevator Akechi had
ever seen. For one, a large mechanical clock sat on the back wall, golden gears clicking
against each other as they turned. Violet-blue velvet curtains seemed to hang from every wall,
and the floor of the elevator itself was a rich blue color.
Akechi had no idea what the Velvet Room was, apart from the place he was currently sitting,
but anyone could tell that it had connections to the metaverse. It could even have the answers
as to what the hell he was going on with Akechi’s life.
It was also clear that whoever these people were, they were very powerful.
“Thank you for welcoming me,” Akechi said as pleasantly as possible. “I’m honored. But, if
I may ask some questions. Who are you? What is this place?”
“I am Igor. These are my attendants, Theodore and Elizabeth.” Igor gestured to the two
figures standing on both sides of him. Their blonde hair matched their yellow eyes, and their
blue attire mimicked those of old elevator operators. Their skin was the same light beige tone
as Igor’s, and the only true difference Akechi could discern between them was their
difference in gender. “However, Theodore will personally be attending to you.”
“It will be a pleasure working with you,” Theodore said. In spite of his overly polite tone, he
actually sounded genuine. There was no fakeness in the way he smiled, although Akechi did
not miss a certain sharpness in Theodore’s golden eyes. “I look forward to assisting my
master in your growth.”
“Are you shadows?” Akechi asked unthinkingly. “Pardon me for asking.”
“We are neither shadow nor human,” Igor said. “This place resides between dream and
reality, mind over matter. The sea of humanity’s subconscious surrounds us here. Please, do
not feel the need to hide your true face. I can see through any mask you may put on.”
That was certainly cryptic, but there was no way in hell Akechi was going to show his true
colors to Igor, no matter what he said. Regardless, this place was definitely connected to the
metaverse.
“What exactly is it that you do here?” Akechi asked, glancing around at his curtained
surroundings. He couldn’t imagine that these beings just sat around all day, but there were no
tools or furniture that indicated they did anything at all.
“This is a place where I assist guests in creating new personas,” Igor explained. “I fuse
personas to create more powerful assets to aid a guest on their journey.”

“Fuse personas?” Akechi’s polite tone lost some of its softer edges in his shock. “What is that
supposed to mean?”
“Personas are merely manifestations of humanity’s subconscious.” Igor gestured around
himself. “Each person has their own persona, unique to themselves. Consider it a mask used
to face life’s hardships. The sea of souls houses many broader such beings, less unique than
an individual persona. These creatures are what you know as shadows. However, those with
the power of the wildcard are able to take these shadows and turn them into personas of your
own.”
“That was Joker’s power,” Akechi said. Names had power, and in a place like the Velvet
Room, Akechi didn’t want to risk using Akira’s proper name. Besides, Akechi didn’t yet
know if Igor’s intentions were as benevolent as he made them sound. “Did you create, or
fuse, personas for him?”
Igor shook his head. “You speak of a time that has not yet come to pass. But your friend did,
or should I say will, possess the power of the wildcard.”
“You know what’s happened to me, then,” Akechi said, seizing onto this thread and refusing
to let go.
“I’m afraid I do not know for certain what has brought you here. My attendants and I merely
exist to help those along their separate journeys. That is what I have summoned you here
for.”
As if Akechi was going to trust that for a moment.
Akira hadn’t given all the details of what happened after Akechi’s death, but in his vague
summary of the world nearly ending, he did briefly mention that someone he trusted to help
him turned out to be the god of control. Could Igor be this entity? Or was it someone else
entirely?
“If you’re their master–” Akechi gestured to Theodore and Elizabeth “--does that mean you
have a master as well?”
Igor nodded, his smile not waning. “I am the servant of Philemon, the manifestation of all
that is good in humanity.”
Well, that gave Akechi a good measure on how much he could trust this Philemon, then.
Humanity was about as good as coffee was sweet, and Akechi could trust this Philemon, as
well as Igor, as far as he could throw them.
On the other hand, if Akechi wanted to figure out what brought him back to this time, it
might behoove him to try to get closer to Igor and his attendants. Stronger personas certainly
couldn’t hurt, especially if Akechi was to be expected to clear out such a large palace on his
own.
“What would be the terms of me becoming a guest here?” Akechi asked.

“This is a room that only those bound by a contract may enter,” Igor said. “You have already
signed the contract, although you don’t know it.”
Akechi frowned. He signed many contracts in his lifetime.
“What were the contract’s contents?” Akechi asked.
“You agreed to accept the full consequences of your actions, however those consequences
might unfold.”
Akechi would have remembered signing such a ridiculous contract. He definitely had done
nothing of the sort.
“I’m afraid you’re mistaken,” Akechi said. “I haven’t signed any such contract.”
“Not all contracts are made with pen and paper,” Igor said. “Those are just symbols,
humanity’s proof that such a contract has been made. True contracts are signed within
humanity’s hearts.”
Akechi nearly scoffed. “You mean to say that I signed a contract on my heart saying I would
accept full responsibility for my actions?”
“You have resolved to let your life be your own, and that you will face the hardships that
come with it.” Igor tilted his head. “Is that not the resolution you made to your friend?”
Akechi grit his teeth. Obviously, he hadn’t wanted to accept Maruki’s reality. That life was
built on lies and manipulation. Akechi would have control over his own choices, even if that
meant his own death.
Which was exactly what Igor just said. Maybe Akechi had mentally signed an unwritten
contract.
The concept was still ridiculous, but according to Igor, the deed was already done.
“Were there any other terms of this contract?” Akechi asked, hating to think what he had
inadvertently gotten himself into.
Igor raised his hand, and a clipboard appeared out of thin air. Igor placed it on the table in
front of Akechi. Akechi stared incredulously at its one paragraph. Underneath it, Akechi’s
signature sat on a dotted line.
“You worry about fine print, but I assure you, we hold you under no obligation than what is
written on this page.”
There was no way this was real. There had to be some kind of trick. “You grant me the power
of wielding an arsenal of personas, as long as I ‘accept the consequences of my actions’?”
“Our services are ultimately for your own benefit,” Igor said. “You may choose to use or
deny them as you wish, but we will never require you to take action against your will. Your
choices are yours and yours alone.”

“So it seems,” Akechi muttered, staring at the word consequences. If Igor could be believed,
they took free will quite seriously. Seriously enough that they weren’t going to intervene if
someone chose to do something stupid or dangerous. If all of their guests were like Akechi,
then there was a good reason for that.
“I’m sure you have many more questions,” Igor said. “And I understand your mistrust.
However, I hope, in time, we can come to have an excellent partnership.”
“I’d hardly call it a partnership if you're helping me and I’m doing nothing in return,” Akechi
said.
“On the contrary.” Igor clasped his hands together. “It’s always a joy to work with each and
every one of my guests. They always find new ways to surprise me.”

Chapter End Notes

good golly i am tired.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments (feel
free to correct typos). <3

if you have it in you, comment or kudos to give me soul food i started writing this in
december /nf
Also this work is influenced by Marigolds, Oh Alice There's no Reflection in the
Looking Glass, and just persona fics in general. Maybe give them a read.

Chapter 2: April 27–29, 2009
Chapter Summary

Akechi is upsety.
Also Social Link Go.
yay

Chapter Notes

tw: child neglect, ptsd, weapons, referenced violence, is death referenced (?), better safe
than sorry

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Akechi woke up to the sound of voices, which immediately put him on alarm. He lived alone.
There shouldn’t be anyone in his apartment, unless one of Shido’s goons had decided to pay
him a surprise visit. Even then, they usually had the wherewithal to ring the doorbell.
Akechi sat up, intending to investigate, but he once again found that his arms were much
smaller than they should’ve been.
That’s when he remembered.
It hadn’t been a dream, but Akechi wasn’t typically idealistic enough to hope for that anyway.
On top of that, Akechi had that strange Velvet Room dream. It was so bizarre that Akechi
couldn’t count it as anything but a very vivid dream, and yet…
It had seemed so real. But what sort of powerful beings would have a contract with virtually
no conditions at all? It was too ridiculous to even fathom.
Regardless, Akechi had bigger things to worry about than strange beings that fused personas
and lived in an elevator.
Akechi’s bedroom was much less sinister with the morning light filtering through the
windows, but it was still enough to make Akechi feel nauseous. The walls were painted a
light blue color, matching nicely with the painting of the sea shore that still sat on the wall
across his bed.

It looked like it came straight out of a magazine. Unlike Akechi’s life.
Akechi forced himself out of his reminiscing and reminded himself where he was. Unless he
was unlucky enough to find that today was a Sunday, it was fairly safe to assume that Akechi
had school. The morning was bright enough that Akechi assumed it was no longer winter, but
it hadn’t been particularly hot outside last night either. Akechi would play it safe and wear the
winter uniform. Worst case scenario, he would take off the outer coat if he looked too
strange.
Akechi found his uniform in his dresser drawers. He put it on with some difficulty–he still
wasn’t adjusted to his new body–and he found it was bigger than was strictly necessary.
Come to think of it, Akechi remembered that his school uniforms never quite fit. It would be
strategically sound, considering that Akechi would be growing anyhow, but the shirt fell
loose around his malnourished body.
Akechi gathered his books in the bag sitting in the corner and took it with him as he exited
the room. Naturally, the voices that had woken Akechi up were of his foster parents, who
were arguing about some mundane topic that Akechi could not care less about.
Fukui gave Akechi a glare as Akechi entered the kitchen. Akechi resisted the urge to roll his
eyes. Instead, he turned to Yui, who was sitting at the kitchen table. He bowed, forcing his
expression to remain unresentful.
“I apologize for keeping you awake last night, Fukui-san,” Akechi said. “It was not my
intention to make unnecessary noise.”
Fukui scoffed, and Yui merely nodded. Akechi rose back to his full height.
“Don’t expect that apology to get you any food,” Fukui said, his voice as bitter as always.
“Of course not,” Akechi said.
With that interaction out of the way, Akechi extracted himself from the apartment. Almost as
soon as he left the building, Akechi felt his entire body relax a bit. It was alarming to think
that Akechi was still instinctively afraid of two people who were ultimately insignificant in
the grand scheme of things. Was he really that much of a coward?
Well, it was hardly cowardly to be cautious. If Akechi wasn’t careful, he could ruin his life all
over again.
As per his plan, Akechi located a nearby Junes and grabbed a few free samples for his
breakfast. It wasn’t nearly enough food for a growing child, but it kept the biting hunger at
bay. As he exited the building, Akechi could spot a few other children in uniforms matching
his own heading in the same direction. Akechi followed them from a distance, relieved to
know he would be able to locate his school building.
Akechi could vaguely remember what his teacher looked like during this time, and he
miraculously found his classroom amidst the confusion of his memories. He recognized a girl
with dark pigtails as the girl who had always sat to his right. Sitting down at the desk next to

her, Akechi tried to reorient himself in this new learning environment. Although it had been
years, a small part of Akechi felt as though he had never left.
Nothing particularly of note happened during the school day. Everyone behaved as he
remembered them behaving, and Akechi was able to answer any question thrown his way
with ease. He spent most of his class time looking out the window nearest to his desk. It
wasn’t as though he needed to pay attention to the “new” material. Once, while his teacher
explained the concept of prime numbers, Akechi spotted a black butterfly land on the
windowsill. It only sat there for a few minutes, but it was enough time for the girl sitting
beside him to look at it too.
“Wow,” she whispered. “Pretty.”
“Yamamoto-kun,” his math teacher, Sato said. Akechi’s spine prickled slightly at the
sharpness in his voice. “Would you mind telling the class if 31 is a prime number?”
The girl, Yamamoto, sat straight up in her seat. Her medium brown skin paled, and Akechi
had half a mind to let her suffer the consequences of not paying attention.
Yamamoto glanced at Akechi pleadingly. Akechi bit back a sigh. He could sympathize with
the utter dread of not having an answer, especially under the gaze of harsh authority figures.
And it was partially his fault for looking at the butterfly to begin with. Keeping his
expression perfectly neutral, Akechi gave Yamamoto a barely noticeable nod.
“Um, yes?”
“And can you tell me why?”
“B-because it’s only multipliable by one and thirty-one?” At least, Yamamoto had been
paying attention to some of the lesson.
“Very good.” Sato continued on with the lesson, and Yamamoto shot a grateful smile in
Akechi’s direction. Akechi pretended he didn’t see it.
When lunchtime rolled around, Akechi was able to eat a proper meal. Even the school system
would be forced to take notice if his foster parents didn’t allow him to eat lunch with the rest
of the class. As he sat down at his desk with his newly acquired bowl of soup with a side of
rice, Yamamoto sat down next to him eagerly.
“Thanks for saving me earlier,” she said. She bounced slightly as she spoke. “I didn’t think
you would help me.”
“Don’t mention it,” Akechi said, forcing a smile. It was best that he kept up appearances in
the classroom too. He really hoped that Yamamoto would stop mentioning it and return to her
own friends, though. Akechi wasn’t particularly up to conversation.
No such luck. “I really thought you thought you were better than the rest of us,” Yamamoto
continued, “but then you helped me, so maybe I misjudged you? Sorry.”

Akechi really wanted her to shut up, but he couldn’t deny that there was a ringing of truth in
her words. Rumors spread quickly, and children had a habit of being just as nasty as the
adults that surrounded them. Since people took pleasure in talking about how Akechi was a
bastard child behind his back, Akechi decided to close himself off from his other classmates.
Once Akechi started getting good grades, he supposed that from a certain perspective, that
closed-offness could be perceived as arrogance.
“I understand the confusion,” Akechi said cheerfully. “I tend to keep to myself. No need for
you to apologize.”
Yamamoto gave Akechi a suspicious look. “You kind of sound like my sister when she wants
me to leave her alone but has to act nice in front of our dad,” she said. “Am I annoying you?”
Yes.
“Not at all!” Akechi tried to school his voice into something more genuine sounding. “I’m
just not good at talking to other people my age.”
“Oh, me neither!” Yamamoto fell silent as she began eating her lunch. Akechi breathed an
internal sigh of relief.
After school ended, Akechi slowly walked back to the Fukuis’ apartment. He returned to the
Junes to collect more free samples for his dinner, and he almost considered buying himself
something before realizing he had no money to speak of. He couldn’t get a job either, not
officially at least. And, at his young age, he’d doubt any adult was going to hire him as a
tutor or babysitter either.
Akechi grimaced inwardly. Without money, his situation only got more and more precarious.
And although, yes, technically Akechi had lived through all of this before, he only got out of
the situation with Shido’s assistance.
Akechi wasn’t going to be so foolish again. He’d find another way to escape. He just needed
more time to figure out how.
After eating as many free samples he could find without looking absolutely ridiculous,
Akechi stepped outside and began heading back to the apartment. He could lock himself in
his room to do his homework, and he wouldn’t leave for the rest of the day. The less contact
he had with Fukui the better, and it wasn’t as though they were going to feed him either.
Akechi hesitated. Maybe there was a nearby park where Akechi could do his homework…
but no, then Fukui would demand to know why Akechi arrived back home so late. He’d
accuse Akechi of trying to run away, and that was the last thing anyone needed.
Akechi was stepping back onto the sidewalk after crossing an intersection when something
large and heavy slammed into him. Akechi stumbled backwards and lost his balance. He
barely had time to throw his arm out underneath him to catch his fall. A burst of pain filled
Akechi’s arm, but not enough for it to be broken.

“Oh my god, I’m so sorry!” a deep voice of a man exclaimed as Akechi looked around to find
his attacker. “Are you alright?”
Akechi took a deep breath. He wasn’t being attacked. It was just some asshole not paying
attention. Akechi bit back a sharp remark as his eyes finally landed on the person who
bumped into him.
Kurusu Akira stared back at him, and Akechi’s heart nearly stopped. Kurusu’s glasses
covered his eyes, but Akechi would recognize his face anywhere. His chest burned and all of
the air felt as though they were being squeezed out of his lungs as he stared at Kurusu.
What was he doing there? Why did Kurusu look old when Akechi was stuck looking like a
toddler? What was going on?
Akechi’s thoughts raced a mile a minute as Kurusu’s eyebrows furrowed with concern. “I
must’ve hit you pretty hard, huh? Here, let me help you up.”
Kurusu held out a hand. Akechi grabbed it on instinct, and the man pulled him up to his feet.
“K-Kurusu?” Akechi said, feeling as though he had lost control of all of his wits. He tried to
pull himself back together, but Akira was there, looking as he always had been.
For a moment, for a brief, shining moment, Akechi wondered if he was in some nightmare of
a palace, and Kurusu had come to get him out.
That moment ended suddenly as Kurusu’s mouth twisted into a confused frown. “You know
me?”
An instant was all it took for Akechi to pull himself back together. He smoothed out his
expression and bowed. “My apologies. I must have mistaken you for someone else–”
“No, no, I am Kurusu.” Not-Akira shook his head. He pulled off his glasses, and–
He wasn’t Akira. His face was older than Akechi had realized in his initial shock. There were
lines beneath his eyes that Akira hadn’t quite begun to develop, and, most importantly of all,
Akira’s eyes weren’t yellow.
Akechi instantly went on guard. The only people Akechi had ever known to have yellow eyes
were shadows and the strange attendants in the Velvet Room. Admittedly, Akechi was aware
that a miniscule portion of the population was born with yellow irises, and this wasn’t a
bright yellow hue. Goro wouldn’t have seen it if it wasn’t for the sun hitting them. But
Akechi wasn’t in the habit of relying on the chance that this person wasn’t supernatural.
“My name is Kurusu Tsuyoshi,” Kurusu said, seemingly oblivious of Akechi’s shock. “It’s a
pleasure to make your acquaintance.”
He bowed, and Akechi bowed in turn. If Kurusu truly was a man, there was nothing to worry
about. Sure, it was a strange coincidence that he of all people would bump into Akechi, but
weirder things had happened.

Akechi never operated by the best-case scenario. Besides, there was something in Kurusu’s
expression, something sharp in the way he smiled.
His face reminded Akechi of Shido’s. The expression of a fox trying to ensnare its prey.
“What do you want, Kurusu-san?” Akechi asked calmly, just in case he was reading too much
into things.
Kurusu raised his eyebrows. “Me? Oh, nothing. I just thought I’d apologize for bumping into
you. I know wildcards such as yourself have enough to worry about as it is.”
Wildcards? Wasn’t that the ability Igor had mentioned?
“You don’t know anything about me,” Akechi snarled, dropping all pretense of politeness.
This man clearly knew more than he let on, and Akechi was beyond sick of being toyed with.
“Who are you?”
Kurusu’s grin widened. “Didn’t I just tell you? I’m Kurusu Tsuyoshi. Damn, kid. There’s no
hope for you if you can’t remember even that.”
Akechi grit his teeth. “I’m not a child–”
“You sure about that? You look like one to me.”
“And you look like a shadow–”
Kurusu tutted. “Close, but no dice.”
“If you interrupt me one more time, I will rip your heart out of your chest myself.”
Kurusu laughed. He sounded like a cartoon villain, and Akechi had half a mind to punch him
in the gut. The threat of going to prison was the only thing that stopped him. “You’re just as
fun as I hoped you’d be. I’m going to have a good time watching you.”
Akechi’s ears started ringing.
“Thou art I… and I am Thou
Thou hast established a new bond…

One that furthers thy voyage for redemption

Thou shalt be blessed when creating
Personas of the Fool Arcana…”
What. The. Hell.

Time seemed to stop as the words were spoken by a mysterious voice inside Akechi’s own
head. However, the moment was fleeting. As soon as the speech was done, the world returned
to its usual flurry of motion.
What the hell had just happened?
Akechi didn’t want to have a bond with this bastard. Akechi wanted to figure out what type
of monster this bastard was. Then, he wanted to kill him. Wherever that freaky voice had just
come from, it had poor taste.
“See you around,” Kurusu said, turning around and walking away.
Akechi was too furious to say anything else as Kurusu disappeared with the mass of other
people. He’d love nothing more than to scream every expletive he knew at the man, but he
still had some sort of public image he wanted to uphold.
Hopefully, Akechi would never see him again.
Somehow, Akechi didn’t think he’d be that lucky.
What had he meant by “just as fun as I hoped you’d be”? Was he responsible for Akechi's
time traveling? If he was, then he was far more powerful than any mere shadow. Or, was he
merely connected to the cause of his time traveling, and that’s why he knew enough about
Akechi to form expectations?
Why did he have to look so much like Joker? If he was a mere human with connections to the
metaverse, that would be a coincidence so extraordinary that it was hardly worth considering.
If Akechi was dealing with a creature that could shapeshift outside of the metaverse, how
powerful was this Kurusu Tsuyoshi? Could Akechi stand a chance against such a being in a
fight?
Regardless, there wasn’t much use contemplating in the middle of the sidewalk. Akechi
would try to gather more information tonight, if he could figure out a way to get back into the
metaverse. It surely couldn’t be that difficult, if he was able to do it accidentally the night
before.
As Akechi resumed walking to his apartment, he turned his thoughts to the strange poem that
he had heard. Was he developing auditory hallucinations? At this rate, it wasn’t impossible,
but Akechi found it unlikely. In a world of personas and metaverses, it was just as likely that
some supernatural element was at play.
Apart from the cause of the poem, there was also the contents of the poem that Akechi found
extremely bizarre. The first couple of lines about establishing a bond were self-explanatory
enough. Akechi had just made a brand new enemy, and a voice in his head thought it would
seal the deal.
It was the final three lines that were strange. A bond that would lead him closer to
redemption? His own redemption, or was it a more abstract concept than that? Could it be
humanity’s redemption?

And then there was the gibberish of being blessed when creating personas of the Fool arcana,
whatever that meant. One didn’t create personas. Personas were the manifestation of the inner
self. Sure, Joker would be able to turn shadows into personas of his own, but that had nothing
to do with making personas.
Well, there were times that Joker had personas seemingly out of nowhere. Akechi had always
assumed that Joker went into the metaverse without the Phantom Thieves, or maybe just
without Akechi, to get more powerful personas. Could it be that he was creating them
instead?
Could the Velvet Room really be real? Akechi had thought that entire encounter with Igor
and his two assistants had merely been a dream, but what if it wasn’t? Hadn’t Igor mentioned
that one of the services he offered was the fusion of personas? Was that the same thing as
creating personas? Not to mention, Kurusu mentioned the power of the wildcard, which Igor
had brought up as well.
No. This was ridiculous. Akechi speculating far too much for the sake of a random voice in
his own head. It could be nothing. It was probably nothing. A fluke. A hallucination. Not
some abstract concept of creating personas to further redemption. Akechi had bigger things to
worry about.
If he time traveled, which was growing more and more likely, something must have caused
Akechi to do so. He’d just have to find whatever deity had considered screwing with Akechi
was funny, kill them, and then go back to his own time. Hopefully without ruining the
timeline altogether.
And Akechi had a feeling that this Kurusu figure had answers.
The rest of the day proceeded without any notable incident. As Akechi planned, he locked
himself in his room and completed all of his homework without interruption. Seeing as he
was not invited to dinner, Akechi couldn’t think of any good reason to grace the Fukuis with
his presence during meal time. His foster parents didn’t ask it of him either, so both parties
were perfectly satisfied with the arrangement.
Well, the Fukuis were satisfied. Akechi had almost forgotten what it felt like to be truly
hungry again. Yet another sickening reminder of how much Shido had allowed him to escape.
The thought made Akechi want to shriek. He slammed one of his books shut instead. It
wasn’t nearly as satisfying.
In one day alone, Akechi had thought about all that Shido had done for him at least three
times. Akechi had the audacity to be grateful to the monster who put Akechi in this situation
to begin with. What the hell was wrong with him? At this rate, he was going to fall into the
exact same traps he had fallen in the first time around.
When Akechi had first made a deal with Shido at the ripe age of fifteen, he had been so
pleased with himself, so smug. He had managed to fool Shido into trusting him. His
deception was causing Shido to provide for the person who would be his doom.

It all felt so petty, so naive now. Back then, Akechi had been so confident in his ability to lie,
in his skill of hiding his true face.
Now, Akechi wasn’t even sure what his true face really was.
The homework was easily enough completed, and Akechi was left lying in bed. He
considered going to sleep, but he still needed to figure out how to get back into the
metaverse. Last time he had entered, it had been late at night. Once it got close to midnight,
Akechi would retrace his steps exactly and see if things played out similarly.
He simply had to wait.
Tic, tic, tic, tic…
After hours of waiting, the clock finally hit five till midnight. Akechi was pretty sure that it
was around this time he began walking around the room. He slid out of bed and tried
retracing his steps. He quietly paced next to his bed, staring at the clock.
Sure enough, at one minute after midnight, the clock stopped. The sky turned green and the
city became littered with coffins. Akechi vaguely recalled his clock being a minute off, so it
was more likely that this phenomenon was caused at midnight exactly.
Was it really a palace, then? Time had never mattered when it came to entering palaces.
Maybe this was a different type of palace. Maybe it was something else entirely.
Akechi tried to remember if anything similar to mental shutdowns had occurred while he
lived in Iwatodai, but nothing came to mind. It was quite possible that Akechi had been too
focused on his own life to worry about others. Still, one would think Akechi would have
taken notice if entire trains had been derailed as when Akechi was the one wreaking havoc.
Regardless, there was no time to waste. If time was a deciding factor in entering the palace,
time was almost certainly a deciding factor in exiting it as well. Last night, Akechi
remembered having only an hour before the world returned to normal. Akechi would only
have about thirty minutes to continue investigating. He didn’t want a repeat of last night, so
he would have to waste time returning to his room before his time ran out.
Akechi grabbed the knife from the kitchen and hurried back out onto the streets. He was
fairly confident that he wasn’t going to get attacked by shadows, but Akechi was never one
for being unprepared. This time, he didn’t bother to sneak around as he headed in the
direction of the giant tower in the middle of the coffin-filled city.
As Akechi got closer, though, he realized it would be impossible to make it on foot within the
hour, much less with enough time to get back to the apartment. After at least fifteen minutes
of careful running, the tower had barely gotten bigger on the horizon.
It was quite possible that the only possible way to get to the tower in time was to go to the
location of the distortion before entering the palace. Of course, this fact was obvious. It was
what Akechi and Joker’s little group had done every time they entered a palace as well.
Unfortunately, Akechi didn’t see how that was going to be an option.

He could always sneak out, but Akechi didn’t like his odds with that strategy. If he didn’t
return home at all for the night, the Fukuis would probably lock him in his room for the
entirety of the next day. And that plan would only be worth it if Akechi could figure out the
tower’s exact location–
“Hey, are you alright?!”
Akechi spun around mid-run, slightly losing balance as his shoes skidded against the
sidewalk. He adjusted his grip on his knife. He could jump whoever, or whatever, was
attacking him.
A teenager about Akechi’s age ran toward him, wearing a heavy red coat that looked more
suited for the winter than the spring. His expression seemed concerned as he quickened his
pace to close the distance between them.
Akechi didn’t trust him for a moment. He was in a palace. This was likely just a cognition, or
worse, a powerful shadow.
“Who the hell are you?!” Akechi snarled. His opponent was slowing to a jog. “I’d stop right
now if you know what’s good for you.”
The teen stopped, raising his arms in surrender. Akechi raised his knife slightly higher.
“Look, kid, I know this is scary–”
“Don’t you dare talk down to me.” Akechi had nearly forgotten for a moment that he wasn’t
eighteen years old anymore. To this enemy, Akechi wasn’t the same age as him. “I’ll rip you
to pieces if you say another word.”
His opponent fell silent, staring solemnly at Akechi. Akechi set his jaw and braced himself
for the inevitable attack.
None happened.
After a few more moments of awkward silent, Akechi decided that he might as well try to get
some answers. “Are you a shadow?”
“Do I look like a–”
“Yes or no.”
“No.”
“A cognition, then?” Akechi grinned bitterly. “A little far from home base, don’t you think?”
“What are you talking about?” The teen frowned, his brows furrowing. There didn’t seem to
be any deception in his tone, but Akechi knew he could be fooled. “I’m a human, like you.”
“Prove it.”
“I haven’t attacked you yet.”

“Not good enough.” Akechi tightened his grip on his knife.
The teen made a frustrated noise from the back of his throat. “Fine. I’m Aragaki Shinjiro. I’m
seventeen years old, and I have a penchant for getting into trouble.”
Most shadows didn’t have full names, and most cognitions didn’t have a habit of having such
a dynamic personality. Aragaki’s eyes weren’t yellow, so Akechi doubted he was the ruler of
the palace.
“Tell me something only you would know,” Akechi snapped. Cognitions didn’t have any
memories past the memories of the palace ruler. “Something you’ve never told anyone.”
“What’s that meant to accomplish?”
“I will not hesitate to obliterate you if I think you’re a threat.” Akechi’s threatening tone was
more effective when his voice wasn’t so small and squeaky, but it still got the point across.
“Fine, fine. I really like cooking.”
That was the most absurd thing Akechi had ever heard. That wasn’t a specific memory at all.
“Are you playing with me?”
“No.” Aragaki rolled his eyes. “I don’t tell anyone that. It’s embarrassing.”
“Cooking is embarrassing?” Akechi was so flabbergasted that he nearly lowered his knife.
He raised it slightly higher. How could anyone think that baking was embarrassing?
“I don’t know, man, okay? Look, what else do you want from me? My life story?”
Akechi bit back a sigh. Aragaki hadn’t attacked him yet, and he was wasting precious time
talking to him. Akechi would just have to believe that Aragaki wasn’t a shadow.
Akechi lowered his knife slightly. “Leave.”
Aragaki raised his eyebrows. “Are you kidding? I can’t leave a kid like you running around
the Dark Hour on their own.”
Dark Hour?
“No.” Akechi started walking back in the direction of his apartment. He’d find out more
about this dark hour on his own. “I don’t trust you. Leave.”
Aragaki followed him. Akechi snarled.
“What part of leave do you not understand?”
“The part where leaving you involves your untimely death. The Dark Hour is dangerous,” the
stranger said. “I’m following at a distance and have no ranged weapons–”

Clearly, the Dark Hour was what Aragaki called the metaverse. Clearly, this palace had some
connection to time. That would make sense, seeing as Akechi could only enter it at midnight.
“Why do you even care?” Akechi looked over his shoulder at Aragaki, who looked more
irritated than concerned. “You look like you have better things to do.”
“Maybe.”
“Then, why are you still following me?”
“Call it a moral duty.”
“That’s the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever heard.”
Aragaki shrugged, his hands shoved inside his pockets. Akechi rolled his eyes at his apparent
apathy. For someone who looked like he didn’t give a damn about what happened to the
world, he certainly was persistent.
“If you’re going to follow me, walk alongside me,” Akechi snapped. “I’d rather be able to see
you try to kill me.”
“Alright.”
The footsteps quickened in pace, and Aragaki began walking alongside him. Akechi took a
few steps to the side to keep a safe amount of distance between them.
Aragaki glanced at him with an awkward scowl. “You never gave me your name.”
“I know.”
Aragaki snorted, and his lips quirked up in something that might be called a smile. At least
Akechi wasn’t dealing with one of those condescending, overly concerned types. “Fair
enough.”

“Thou art I… and I am Thou
Thou hast established a new bond…

One that furthers thy voyage for redemption

Thou shalt be blessed when creating
Personas of the Moon Arcana…”

Again?
Aragaki was giving no indication he heard the voice, or the dramatic music that came with it.
Akechi did his best not to show his surprise. Whatever was going on, Akechi wasn’t about to
broadcast that he was hearing voices to anyone, and certainly not to strangers.
Once Akechi reached his apartment, blessedly before he exited the palace, or Dark Hour,
Aragaki stopped following him. Clearly, he was satisfied that Akechi wasn’t going to get hurt
in the place he lived.
How naive of him.

Akechi mostly kept to himself the following day, staying up to enter the metaverse at
midnight. He didn’t encounter Aragaki again, which meant that the teen hadn’t been
concerned enough to wait for Akechi to emerge from his apartment.
Akechi was grateful for the lack of interference, but a part of him wished he could become
more acquainted with Aragaki to get information out of him. While Akechi didn’t know
Aragaki well enough to trust any answers he’d provide if Akechi asked flat out, anyone was
capable of letting information slip in a casual conversation.
The next day was Showa day, which meant school was out. It also meant that the office Fukui
worked at was closed for the day. Yui had decided that a day off from school was the perfect
time to make Akechi clean the entire apartment complex. Fukui and his wife watched
ridiculous sitcoms while Akechi scrubbed the kitchen floor, cleaned the bathroom, dusted
every surface, and took all of the laundry to the dry cleaners. It was rigorous work to do all at
once. Paired with Akechi’s utter lack of sleep the past few days, Akechi nearly passed out
multiple times.
By the time Akechi collapsed onto his bed, his eyes were closing without any of his consent.
He was beyond fatigued. Maybe it would be best to take the night off and continue
investigating tomorrow.
And what would he accomplish? Akechi knew that the only way he could make any more
progress was to get to the center of the distortion by arriving at the location before midnight.
Such a task was impossible with Akechi’s current situation, even if Akechi knew the realworld equivalent of that strange tower.
Akechi’s best option was to try to find Aragaki again. But the city was big enough that there
was no guarantee that Akechi could find him within the hour.
Akechi did know he would hate himself if he took a day off, only to find out that Aragaki had
been nearby that night.
Akechi reluctantly stayed awake, completing what little of his homework he hadn’t done
during his chore-filled day.

Once Akechi entered the Dark Hour, he crept out of the house as he always did. He
immediately retraced his steps to where he ran into Aragaki the first time. As Akechi
expected, Aragaki was nowhere in sight. It would have been too much to hope that Aragaki
retraced his steps every single night. For all Akechi knew, Aragaki was sleeping in the safety
of his own home.
From that point, there was nothing left for Akechi to do but wander around aimlessly. Any
shadows had yet to reveal themselves in the city streets, so Akechi walked with relative
confidence.
He had the good luck to spot Aragaki sitting on the steps of Iwatodai Station. His expression
was sullen, but the short amount of time Akechi had spent with Aragaki indicated that
Aragaki was always in an irritated mood.
As Akechi approached him, Aragaki tensed, and his eyes hardened. His expression morphed
into one of surprise when he recognized Akechi; his body relaxed.
“Oh. It’s you.”
“You’re just going to keep sitting there?” Akechi demanded.
Aragaki raised his eyebrows. “I don’t feel like standing up.”
“You’re vulnerable. I could slit your throat.”
“I have something better than your knife,” Aragaki said. “You can’t intimidate me, even if
you're hell bent on it.”
Something better than a knife? Akechi couldn’t see any weapons on Aragaki, but that coat of
his could easily conceal a firearm.
“You have a gun?” Akechi demanded.
“Woah, relax. I don’t have a gun. What are you even still doing out here? Don’t you know it’s
dangerous?”
“There’s not a shadow in sight,” Akechi said shortly. “And besides, I have my own means of
defending myself.”
Aragaki snorted. “A knife?” he asked, eyeing the blade in Akechi’s hand.
“No,” Akechi said. Although Akechi didn’t intend to tell Aragaki about Hereward, Aragaki
would be less likely to doubt his abilities if he thought Akechi had more than a mere knife in
his arsenal.
“A gun?”
Akechi supposed he deserved that. “Where would someone my age get a gun?”
Aragaki hesitated a moment before saying, “A persona?”

Akechi wasn’t sure why he was surprised by that statement. Aragaki wandered the metaverse.
It made sense that he would know about personas.
“Is that what you have?” Akechi asked, instead of answering. Perhaps he should have played
dumb, but Akechi didn’t take Aragaki as one who would buy his crap.
“So, you do have one,” Aragaki said, looking bored.
“Look, I’m not here to waste time,” Akechi said. “Tell me what I want to know.”
“Are you with SEES?”
Aragaki did not perceive Akechi as a threat at all. Frustration overwhelmed him, but Akechi
grit his teeth and did not slit Aragaki’s throat. Aragaki hadn’t done anything to warrant such a
reaction. It was better to be underestimated than overestimated anyway.
“I don’t know what the hell you’re talking about,” Akechi said. “Are you going to answer my
questions, or are you going to be asking me questions?”
“I’ll answer your questions once you ask them.” Aragaki raised his eyebrows. “If you’re not
with SEES, how do you have an evoker?”
Akechi supposed that this was one way of gathering information, even if it was an
infuriatingly roundabout method of doing so.
“What’s an evoker?”
Now, Aragaki looked genuinely surprised. “You don’t have an evoker? How do you control
your persona?”
“Is it possible to not have control over your persona?” Akechi asked, trying not to feel
unnerved at the thought. Sure, sometimes personas didn’t come out when you wanted them
to, but Akechi couldn’t imagine them acting outside of his orders.
Aragaki’s expression shifted to something that could only be called self-loathing. “Yes. It is.”
Akechi was not in the mood to unpack whatever the hell that was. “I don’t use an evoker,
whatever that is.”
“So, you do have a persona.”
“Yes, I guess I do.”
“How do you summon it?”
Akechi glared. Aragaki wasn’t going to learn everything about him that easily. “I don’t see
how that’s relevant.” Akechi pointed his knife at Aragaki’s neck. If he wasted any more time,
he wouldn’t be able to get back to the apartment before the dark hour ended. “My turn to ask
questions. What the hell is the Dark Hour?”

Aragaki glanced between the knife and Akechi’s face, but his expression wasn’t particularly
afraid. “This is the Dark Hour.”
Akechi rolled his eyes. “Really? I had no idea.”
“That’s not what I meant. I mean that we’re currently in it. It’s a hidden hour of the day, or
something. It starts at midnight and ends an hour later. The sky turns green, everyone turns
into coffins, water turns red, etcetera.”
“And people don’t notice that they’ve blacked out from midnight to one?” Akechi asked. “Do
you take me for a fool?”
Aragaki shook his head. “When I say hidden, I mean hidden. It’s an extra hour of the day.
Time basically stops. Electronics don’t work, either, so that’s why clocks don’t keep going.”
So this was the real world? Not the metaverse? Or, in a sense, was the dark hour its own form
of the metaverse? None of this made any sense.
“So, we’re not in a palace?” Akechi asked.
“I mean, I know Tartarus kind of looks like a castle, but I wouldn’t call it a palace,” Aragaki
said. He clearly had no clue what Akechi was talking about.
“What about items outside of electronics?” Akechi asked. “Do they stop working as well?
Does time stop entirely?”
Aragaki shrugged. “I guess you’ll have to do your own experiments. Hell if I know.”
Akechi’s brows furrowed as he thought. Obviously, they could move around, and they could
move other things. Additionally, gravity worked on them. Maybe time didn’t come to a
complete stop, but that only gave Akechi a whole host of additional questions.
Aragaki was right. Akechi would be experimenting with this later.
“Is Tartarus the tower in the distance?” Akechi asked. “Are there shadows there?”
“How do you know about shadows if you don’t know where they congregate?” Aragaki
demanded, narrowing his eyes. “How do you have a persona without an evoker?”
“I don’t owe you answers.”
Aragaki rested his head against the brick wall, staring up at the green moon. “No. Guess you
don’t. But unless you plan on actually killing me, you might as well lower that knife. Give
your arm a break.”
Akechi hesitated before lowering his knife. Aragaki wasn’t likely to kill him, especially since
Akechi couldn’t see any evokers around anywhere.
Not that Akechi knew what those were.

“What are evokers?” Akechi asked.
“They’re guns.”
“They’re what?”
Aragaki shrugged. Akechi pointed his knife back toward Aragaki’s throat. “Where is it?”
“Where is what?” Aragaki asked.
“Your goddamn gun.”
“Oh, I don’t have one,” Aragaki said. His expression shifted into something unreadable. “Not
anymore. Besides, it didn’t shoot bullets. You can calm down.”
“You clearly have no conception of the metaverse if you think even model guns don’t shoot
bullets,” Akechi hissed.
“The metaverse?”
Akechi wasn’t in the mood to explain things to someone who thought guns were harmless.
“Forget it,” Akechi snapped.
“How many times do I have to say it? I don’t have one. I’m not going to shoot you or
anything.”
Akechi could trust Aragaki as far as he could throw him, but even if he had a gun, Aragaki
could have reached for it at any time.
Akechi slowly lowered his knife. Aragaki didn’t reach into his coat.
Akechi’s heart rate slowed.
They stared at each other for a moment, and Akechi realized how eerily quiet the Dark Hour
was. No cars. No wind. Just Akechi’s heavy breathing and Aragaki’s bored stare.
“How do you summon a persona with a gun?” Akechi asked once he was satisfied Aragaki
wasn’t going to shoot him.
“You don’t want to know.”
“You don’t know me.”
“No, but I do know you won’t like my answer. I do prefer my throat unslit, you know.”
Akechi glowered. “Is that meant to be a joke?”
Aragaki sighed heavily. “Look, if you want to know more about Tartarus, I’m not the one you
should go to. You’d be better off with a guy I know, Akihiko.”

“I threaten your life and now you want to help me?” Akechi asked incredulously. “What
happened to me being too young to walk around during the Dark Hour?”
“I can’t stop you. Might as well make sure you get some allies to have your back.”
“I don’t do allies.”
“Figured.” Aragaki sat up and rolled his shoulders. “Well, if you change your mind, you can
find him at Tatsumi Memorial Hospital on Sunday. His name is Sanada Akihiko.”
“The hospital?”
“He had a rough fight with a shadow recently. Broke some ribs, the idiot. He’s getting a
checkup.”
“He really seems like the sort of person I want to trust with my life,” Akechi said
sarcastically.
Aragaki’s expression hardened. “Trust me. You do.”
Akechi didn’t have a good response for that. Because, for a terrifying moment, that
expression reminded Akechi starkly of Akira.
Moon Arcana: Rank 2

Chapter End Notes

Okay notes lol
Um for chapter 1 I just want to clarify that I'm keeping how much Igor knows about the
future/other timeline ambiguous. But he doesn't know a lot.
this fic is all about the universe forcing goro to make friends so yay
thats all i got
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments (feel
free to correct typos). <3
check me out on tumblr

Chapter 3: May 1–6, 2009
Chapter Summary

Akechi continues to investigate
Social link go

Chapter Notes

tw: child abuse, ptsd, trust issues, referenced child soldiers, hospitals, illness(?),
referenced death, weapons

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Yamamoto found him at the library after school.
For the next few days after that second encounter with Aragaki, Akechi took it upon himself
to learn what the hell arcana even were. A few trips to the school library allowed him to
quickly discover that they correlated with tarot cards and the twenty-two major arcana.
Akechi was reading yet another chapter on what the Fool Arcana meant–his encounter with
the entity otherwise known as Kurusu still deeply unsettled him–when Yamamoto sat down
across from him.
“Are you working on homework?” she asked. It was a fair assumption, since it was directly
after school.
“Of a sort,” Akechi said lightly. Yamamoto took it upon herself to speak more and more often
to Akechi. Occasionally, it was to ask questions about the homework. Other times, she asked
questions about Akechi.
Akechi was always vague with his answers.
Yamamoto didn’t say anything, and Akechi was able to focus on the paragraph he was
reading.
The Fool can represent the beginning or the end of a journey, particularly of an individual's
life.
Well, that was spectacularly vague. Most other sources agreed on what the Fool Arcana
represented, but it never got Akechi any closer to figuring out who the hell Kurusu was. And

nothing spoke of voices that declared bonds were being formed or ranked either.
Maybe Akechi really was losing it.
“I was thinking,” Yamamoto said. Akechi had almost forgotten she was there. “We’ve been
talking for a while, right?”
Akechi didn’t recall ever speaking to Yamamoto before he found himself in this time
approximately five days ago. He would hardly call five days a while.
“We’ve spoken for a bit,” Akechi said, trying to be polite about it.
“Yeah!” Yamamoto’s voice was cheerful, as though that was exactly what she had met.
Strangely enough, she reminded Akechi distinctly of Takamaki. “So, in a way, we’re friends,
right?”
Akechi blinked down at the page he was still staring at. Never, in his entire schooling career,
had anyone so eagerly asked for his friendship. Even Akira had looked annoyed when Akechi
offered that they continue their conversations on that first day in the TV station. Although, in
hindsight, that annoyance may have come from Akechi insulting his precious sense of justice
Akechi would prefer to get through his time travel situation without “friends” to hinder him.
But, if he said no, Yamamoto would probably turn around and gossip about him being stuck
up. While that wasn’t the worst fate, Akechi didn’t need to make his life harder than it
already was.
Besides, it wasn’t as though she was complimenting Akechi’s stellar personality. Even if she
liked his overly polite facade, she was likely just hoping that Akechi would help her with her
studies more.
“Of course, Yamamoto-kun,” Akechi said. “I’d consider us friends.”
Yamamoto beamed, as though she had never heard those words before. “Really? Wow, thank
you!”
Akechi wasn’t exactly sure where he was meant to take the conversation from there, but her
gratitude confirmed that she was only hoping to get better grades out of this acquaintance.

“Thou art I… and I am Thou
Thou hast established a new bond…

One that furthers thy voyage for redemption

Thou shalt be blessed when creating
Personas of the Strength Arcana…”

Yamamoto launched into a description of all the things they could do together now that they
were friends, including but not limited to walking to school together, going to the park,
playing games, and hanging out at each other’s houses. Yamamoto clearly had no proper
conception of Akechi’s current situation if she thought that she would ever be allowed to
come over to Akechi’s home, or vice versa.
While Yamamoto chattered, Akechi began flipping the pages of the book he was reading until
he found the section on the Strength Arcana.
The Strength Arcana represents taking control of one’s inner emotions in order to face life’s
trials–
“Are you even listening to me?”
Akechi smiled pleasantly and looked up from his book. “Of course. Something about your
cat?”
“Yeah! His name is Momo. You should come over to see him.”
At least it wasn’t a dog. Akechi couldn’t stand dogs. They were overenergetic and had a habit
of jumping up and down all over Akechi’s nice clothing. Cats were more than capable of
taking care of themselves, and didn’t give a shit about the humans that fed them.
“He sounds like a very nice companion,” Akechi said, although he knew virtually nothing
about the creature. “Maybe I’ll meet him one day.”
“So, you’re not going to my house today?”
Akechi stood up and gave Yamamoto an apologetic bow. “I’m very sorry, Yamamoto-kun,
but I’m afraid my guardians will not allow me to stay away after school for long. Maybe
another time.”
Akechi waited for Yamamoto’s face to morph into one of understanding when she realized
who she was dealing with. When she remembered that she was speaking to a bastard child, an
orphan, who had been abandoned by anyone who could have possibly cared about him.
Sure enough, Yamamoto frowned. “Oh, that’s too bad,” she said. “I guess we’ll just have to
hang out at school, then.”
Yamamoto was annoying. She was too talkative, oblivious, not thinking before butting into
Akechi’s personal space. She decided that Akechi was her friend because Akechi had done
one charitable thing for her, a decision that was beyond ridiculous.

Therefore, Akechi had no damn idea as to why his entire body relaxed at her lack of
rejection.
Craving attention to the end, Akechi thought to himself bitterly as he bid Yamamoto farewell.

“Where the hell do you think you’re going?” Fukui asked as Akechi made to leave the house
that Sunday. “We didn’t give you permission to go out on your own whenever the hell you
want.”
Akechi bristled inwardly, but his expression was calm when he turned toward Fukui. His
foster father was standing over Akechi with his arms crossed, as though he enjoyed lording
over those weaker than him. He probably did.
“I’m sorry, Fukui-san. I was just going out to get the groceries. I noticed that we were
especially low on eggs.”
Fukui narrowed his eyes, but he grunted. “Fine then. Next time, remember to ask. Do you
even have the money to pay for groceries?”
Akechi widened his eyes innocently. “Oh, I forgot. I’m sorry. I guess I won’t be going out
today–”
“No, you are.” Fukui went to his room before returning with a wad of yen. “I expect you to
return all the change to me, got that? I want to see the receipt too. I don’t trust you not to be
spending all of my money on useless shit.”
“Of course, Fukui-san. Thank you very much.”
Akechi bowed before stepping out of the house as quickly as possible. He shoved the yen
into his pocket, cursing Fukui’s paranoia. Although he had checked the fridge just in case he
needed an alibi, he hadn’t actually planned on going to the grocery store. He would have to
extend his trip.
It didn’t take long to get to Tatsumi Memorial hospital. Hopefully Sanada was still there for
his checkup. It would be embarrassing to get the time wrong.
After managing to convince the receptionist that he was indeed a friend of Sanada Akihiko,
Akechi located his room with relative ease. He opened the door to find a fair-skinned boy
with silver hair sitting on a hospital bed, punching the air.
“I thought you had broken ribs?”
Sanada froze, staring at Akechi warily. “Who are you?”
“I’m an acquaintance of your friend, Aragaki-san.”
Sanada’s hands fell to his sides. His eyes went wide. “You know Shinji?”

Shinji? They must be quite close to use such informal nicknames.
“We met a few nights ago,” Akechi said. “Aragaki said that if I had questions about the tower
that appears during the dark hour, you were the one to ask.”
Sanada glanced down at his lap. “He really said that, huh?”
“He also said you were quite reliable,” Akechi added, choosing to butter him up. “He clearly
trusts you quite a bit.”
Sanada gave Akechi a strange look. “You sure sound mature for your age.”
“I get that a lot.” Akechi closed the door behind him. He doubted Sanada would be much of a
threat with a rib injury.
“So, you want me to tell you more about Tartarus?”
“That would be preferable, yes.” Akechi gave Sanada a winning smile. Sanada was still
frowning.
“Have a seat then, I guess.” Sanada nodded toward the chair next to his hospital bed, and
Akechi sat down. “Where do I begin? So, you know what the dark hour is, right?”
“It’s the hidden hour in the day,” Akechi said promptly. “It begins at midnight. Only persona
users are aware of it. Everyone else turns into coffins.”
“Close,” Sanada said. “Actually, you don’t necessarily have to have a persona to be aware of
the Dark Hour. People who are aware of the dark hour have the potential, but there are a few
cases where those with potential don’t have personas.”
Akechi frowned. That explained why Aragaki had been so concerned for him at first. It
couldn’t be safe to just wander around the metaverse without any access to a persona.
“I see,” Akechi said. “What does Tartarus have to do with all this?”
“During the day, Tartarus is our high school, or well, I guess my high school. You’re still in
elementary school, right?”
“That would be correct.”
“Thought so.” Sanada looked way too self-satisfied for having such an obvious assumption.
“Anyway, during the Dark Hour, Gekkoukan High turns into Tartarus. It’s filled with
shadows–those are monsters. We don’t really know much about it, but we think that the
secret of the Dark Hour might be at the top.”
“We? Could this be the SEES Aragaki mentioned before?”
Sanada nodded. “Specialized Extracurricular Execution Squad. We fight shadows in the
hopes of putting an end to the Dark Hour.”

That was quite the name for what was likely to be just a ragtag group of students taking up
saving the world in their free time. Akechi had once thought that The Phantom Thieves was a
slightly dramatic name for Akira’s group, but now he thought it was quite modest.
“Who is in charge of your group?”
Sanada did not have any reservations about spilling all of his group’s secrets to Akechi. He
either had a great deal of trust for Aragaki, or he was deeply foolish. Perhaps he was just
underestimating Akechi for his age, but what if Akechi was a spy for an enemy faction?
Surely Aragaki’s group weren’t the only persona users in the entire city.
“It depends on your perspective,” Sanada said. “A fellow student leads the battle operations,
but the chairman is the one who brought us all together.”
“The chairman?” Were these children funded for their antics? Or did an adult in power just
think it fortuitous to have a group of very powerful teens underneath their thumb?
“Do you want to meet him?” Sanada grabbed a notebook that sat on his bedside table. He
scrawled an address on one of the pages before ripping it out and handing it to Akechi. “Here.
This is the dorm we all live at. He’s not there every day, but if you catch him, he can tell you
more. Mitsuru will be there too.”
That name sounded familiar. “Mitsuru?”
“She’s another member of SEES. She typically knows more about what’s going on than I do.
I’m sure she could explain things better.”
Akechi glanced at the address. “Does your entire group live in the dorm?”
“We have the whole building to ourselves,” Sanada said. “It’s somewhat ridiculous, but at
least we don’t have to be quiet about our operations.”
Akechi frowned. “I hope you don’t think I’m going to join your squad.”
Sanada laughed. “That’s a relief. I’m not sure how I would feel about an elementary schooler
joining the team.”
Akechi’s grip on the paper tightened. “When did you join?” Akechi asked, his smile full of
teeth.
Sanada shrugged. “Middle School.”
Ah yes. Sanada had been much older than Akechi was now when he first started fighting
shadows. This chairman clearly had little care for the wellbeing of children if he was letting
middle schoolers fight shadows on their own.
“What is the chairman’s name, if you don’t mind me asking?”
“Ikutsuki Shuji.” Sanada sighed. “He insisted that I visit in the hospital for a few more
checkups while I recover. Talk about annoying. I already promised I wouldn’t train, why

can’t that be enough?”
Akechi raised a single eyebrow. “I saw you punching the air in your hospital bed.”
“That barely counts. I need to get my energy out somehow.”
Akechi had all the information he needed. He hadn’t come to pat Sanada on the head while
he griped about the struggles of having adults who pretended to care about his wellbeing. He
stood up and bowed.
“Thank you for your time, Sanada-san,” Akechi said. “I won’t impede on it any longer.”
Sanada made a face. “Um. No problem.”
As Akechi headed toward the nearest Junes, he mulled over the details of his conversation in
his mind. Of course, Ikutsuki could not be trusted. Sanada seemed genuine enough, but
Akechi wasn’t particularly thrilled at the thought of joining yet another group fighting the
injustices of the world.
Well, Sanada never said that they were fighting any real people. Just the Dark Hour. But the
Dark Hour had to come from somewhere. Hidden hours of the day didn’t just appear and
vanish at the drop of a hat, and there certainly wasn’t any such hour when Akechi first
awakened to his power.
Akechi would do more investigating. He could try to find this chairman during the next Dark
Hour; the dorm didn’t seem too far away from Akechi’s current residence. Ikutski was
certainly eager to recruit if he was willing to have middle schoolers on his student execution
squad. Akechi doubted his age would be a problem if he said he was considering joining.
Akechi reached the Junes and pulled his shopping list out of his pocket. The Fukuis were
running low on quite a bit. Was the yen Fukui had given him actually going to cut it? After
locating the eggs, milk, and rice, Akechi found himself staring up at a canister of yogurt that
sat on the top shelf of the aisle.
For not the first time, Akechi cursed his incredibly short body. There were other yogurts, but
none of them were as cheap as the one that he wanted to grab. Akechi needed to conserve as
much yen as possible if he were going to be able to return home with everything he indirectly
said he was going to buy.
Oh well, there was nothing to be done. Akechi would just swallow his pride, smile prettily at
a tall person, and ask if they could grab the yogurt. It wouldn’t be the first time. How many
times had he gone shopping for his mother? Adults were usually more than happy to help the
sweet little boy get the groceries for his mother. Adults who didn’t know who he really was,
at least.
Akechi turned around to find the nearest tall person, and he found himself staring directly up
at Kurusu Tsuyoshi.

His yellow eyes glinted as he smiled, and rage churned up inside Akechi’s gut. “Need some
help?” Tsuyoshi–Akechi couldn’t stand to think of him as Kurusu any longer–- asked.
“I’m doing fine on my own,” Akechi said, because he refused to be indebted to the likes of
Tsuyoshi, even if it was as inconsequential as yogurt.
“Is that so?” Tsuyoshi picked up the yogurt from the shelf, glanced at it, and dropped it into
Akechi’s shopping basket. Akechi fantasized about throwing the yogurt back into Tsuyoshi’s
face, but he couldn’t cause a scene.
“What do you want?” Akechi demanded. “Are you having fun watching me?”
Tsuyoshi tutted. “Are you accusing me of stalking? That’s just rude.”
“I’m not accusing you of anything,” Akechi said through gritted teeth. “The last time we met,
you said you would enjoy watching me.”
Tsuyoshi glanced up at the ceiling contemplatively. “Come to think of it, I did say that, huh?”
“Who are you?” Akechi demanded.
“I think we’ve already introduced, but if you want more clarification, I'll have you know that
Akira's my nephew–"
Bullshit.
“No, who are you?” Akechi took a step forward, although he knew he wasn’t all that
intimidating in his current state. “What are you? I know you’re not really related to Kurusu. I
think he would’ve mentioned having an uncle who’s a shadow.”
Tsuyoshi shrugged with a wry smile. “I’ll tell you later. When I’m bored.”
Akechi took a deep breath. It was clear that Tsuyoshi was toying with him, enjoying Akechi’s
frustration. The best thing Akechi could do right now was ignore him.
Akechi began to turn around.
“You know, for someone who claims to hate friendship and teammates, you sure are
interested in those kids,” Tsuyoshi said. Akechi bristled. “Having second thoughts on playing
the lone wolf?”
Akechi bit back a sharp remark about ignorance being poison, but he kept his mouth shut.
Tsuyoshi wasn’t going to give him any of the answers he wanted. Akechi refused to keep
entertaining him.
Fortunately, Tsuyoshi didn’t follow him. Akechi wasn’t sure how long he would have lasted
without punching him.

“I met your friend the other day,” Akihiko told Shinji, who was leaning against the window
of the hospital room. “Talk about a weird kid.”
“Oh, yeah.” Shinji’s expression turned into one of even deeper annoyance, if that were
possible. “He didn’t happen to give you his name, by any chance?”
Akihiko frowned, slightly dumbfounded. “No, I don’t think he did. Maybe it slipped his
mind. I know I forgot to ask. I was surprised that you would send anyone our way.”
“He’s a kid wandering around during the Dark Hour like he owns the place,” Shinji said,
rolling his eyes. “That would make anyone nervous. He needs people to watch his back.”
“I guess so.” Akihiko shook his head. “Man, but with the way he called me Sanada-san… he
was so polite it was almost creepy.”
Shinji gave Akihiko a confused glance. “Are you sure we’re talking about the same kid?”
“Um, did you send more than one kid in my direction?”
Shinji made a derisive noise from the back of his throat. “No.”
“Then, I’m pretty sure we’re talking about the same kid. He came to me saying he was ‘an
acquaintance’ of yours, and then began firing questions about Tartarus and SEES in my
direction.”
“Yeah, that sounds like him. I’m hung up on the part where you thought he was polite.”
“He was polite. Overly polite. Does he know how fake he sounds?”
“That doesn’t sound like the kid I know. He was threatening to shank me both times I met
him. Hell, I’ve been calling him Knife Kid inside my head.”
Akihiko snorted at the nickname, but it was fitting if the kid really did wave a knife in
Shinji’s face. “No way we’re talking about the same kid.”
“Short? Brown hair? Looks malnourished?”
Akihiko frowned. That did match his unexpected visitor’s appearance. “He has a twin?”
“Don’t be stupid. He must be a good actor.”
“Why would he do that?”
Shinji rolled his eyes. “You really think you get anything out of life if you’re rude all the
time? Trust me, it doesn’t usually work.”
“Huh.” Akihiko did remember seeing a calculating look in the kid’s eyes. “Talk about a
strange kid.”
“You said that already.”

“Shut up.” Akihiko sighed and leaned his head against his pillow. “Man. I hope he doesn’t
stab the chairman.”
“Oh, he definitely will.”

Akechi was going to stab the chairman.
Akechi had found the dorm building easily enough. It took only about fifteen minutes of
jogging to get there, although Akechi found himself decently winded afterward. He would
have to start a running regimen so that he could get back in shape.
Akechi had already considered his options. He could try to spy on the group, although that
would be absurdly difficult if they only talked about their operations within the dormitories.
If they had experience fighting shadows, they would surely notice someone opening and
closing their front door. There was also the question of being able to get into the dorm in the
first place. It wasn’t as though he had the keys.
Therefore, Akechi had decided that the strategic decision was to try to gain SEES trust. He
already had Sanada’s, but Akechi hoped that the rest of his team wouldn’t be so easily
manipulated. It would be truly disheartening to know that yet another group of “justice” were
also a pack of fools.
Akechi knocked on the front doors of the dormitory and waited. There was no response.
Akechi knocked again. Had they gone out to Tartarus during the Dark Hour? That would be
inconvenient, but Akechi could always–
The door swung open. A light-skinned man with long brown hair smiled down at him. His
glasses made him look the perfect cliché of the kindly mentor.
It sickened him.
“Hey there,” Ikutsuki said. His voice wasn’t as condescending as Akechi expected it to be,
which made Akechi’s mistrust only heighten all the more. Ikutsuki’s expression was mildly
surprised, but it didn’t show exaggeratedly. “I didn’t realize someone so young could wander
about during the Dark Hour.”
Akechi inhaled sharply through his nose and bowed deeply. “Ikutsuki-san. Sanada-san told
me about your little organization. I thought maybe I could join as well.”
“He did, did he?” Ikutsuki sounded perfectly cheerful and not at all horrified that an
elementary schooler wanted to risk his life fighting shadows. “Well, since you came all this
way, it’d be rude of me not to invite you inside. Why don’t you come in?”
“Thank you, Ikutsuki-san.” Akechi followed Ikutsuki inside the building.
The first floor seemed to simply be the lounge area, with a couple of couches and a kitchen in
the back of the room. Ikutsuki sat down at the only armchair, which sat at the head of the
coffee table. It was a clear show of authority.

“You can have a seat,” Ikutsuki said. He gestured toward the sofa to his right, and Akechi sat
down. He kept his expression perfectly mild, even though he was certain that Ikutsuki was
just as fake as he was.
“So, you want to join SEES?” Ikutsuki leaned forward slightly, clasping his hands together.
“How much did Akihiko tell you?”
“Everything of note,” Akechi said. “Your group goes into Tartarus during the Dark Hour. You
use personas to fight shadows in the hopes of finding a way to get rid of the Dark Hour,
correct?”
“Mostly.” Ikustuki sighed, pushing his glasses closer toward his face. “Unfortunately, I do not
have the ability to summon a persona. The others have to do all the fighting while I monitor
them from here.”
That explained why Ikutsuki was the only one in the dorm. It also lessened Akechi’s respect
for the man immensely, and there had hardly been any there to begin with. Of course he
would send children out to fight monsters without actually joining them.
“A shame,” Akechi said. “It must be difficult for you.”
Ikutsuki laughed. “It is a bit hard to watch them go off while I sit here like a bum, but I’ve
come to terms with it. Besides, I don’t need a persona when I have my amazing persona-ality.
Get it?”
Ikutsuki snorted at his truly abhorrent pun. Akechi reminded himself of the knife he had
foolishly decided to leave behind in the hopes of seeming more trustworthy.
Akechi decided he hadn’t heard him instead.
“Are the others currently at Tartarus?”
“Oh, yes–” Ikutsuki recovered himself, straightening his back “--we’ve recently gotten some
new members, so Mitsuru took them out to train their abilities.”
Clearly, Mitsuru was the most experienced out of everyone in the group.
“Sanada mentioned joining SEES in middle school,” Akechi said. “Has it truly taken so long
to find a way to stop the Dark Hour?”
Ikutsuki sighed, his expression heavy. “Unfortunately, there are other issues we contend with
apart from exploring Tartarus. Occasionally, shadows escape Tartarus, and we have to stop
them before more people get hurt. Besides, only a very small percentage of the population
has the potential, much less personas. With only two members, it’s been hard to make much
progress–”
“You only have two members?” Akechi asked, some of his incredulity shining through in his
voice. “And you have an entire dorm to yourself?”

Ikutsuki laughed. “Oh, I see why you might be surprised. We actually have four members
now.”
“Excuse my rudeness, but that didn’t answer my second question.”
“Man, you sure do ask a lot of questions,” Ikutsuki said long-sufferingly. “But that’s good.
It’s always important to be informed before you get into things. If you must know, the Kirijo
group funds SEES. They own this dorm, and that’s where we get some of our equipment.”
The Kirijo group funded SEES? Such an influential organization actually put their trust in a
bunch of high schoolers to save the world? The idea was ludicrous. Sure, Shido trusted
Akechi, but that was because Akechi was the only one who could do what Shido wanted. He
was valuable.
Then again, that was likely true for SEES as well. Ikutsuki himself said that persona users
were so rare that they resorted to recruiting middle schoolers.
“What do they have to gain from the dark hour disappearing?” Akechi asked. An
organization like that was more likely to try to weaponize the metaverse than to try and get
rid of it entirely.
“That’s a story for another day,” Ikutsuki said. “And it’s not mine to tell. However, seeing as
one of our members is of the Kirijo family, it’s not that far-fetched that they would help.”
Akechi knew he had recognized the name Mitsuru somewhere.
“You mean that Mitsuru is Kirijo Mitsuru?” Akechi demanded. “Heir to the Kirijo Group?”
“That’s correct,” Ikutsuki said, his eyes betraying some surprise. “You’re quite well
informed.”
The Kirijo group had never given Shido too much trouble, but they were largely unaware of
the rising threat that Shido posed against Japan. They certainly held enough influence that
Shido regarded them as a potential threat. During Akechi’s time, Kirijo Mitsuru was the
leader of the Kirijo group. He had never given much thought as to what happened to the
previous leader, Kirijo Takeharu, but perhaps it was connected to his daughter’s involvement
with the Dark Hour. Perhaps the entire organization was involved.
Akechi was still surprised that Kirijo Takeharu wasn’t trying to weaponize the metaverse.
Maybe he truly cared for his daughter to respect her wishes. More likely he was lying.
Had the other members of SEES even known what they were getting into? They were now
wrapped up in a potential conspiracy tied with the Kirijo group. There was no way they
weren’t being manipulated to some end.
Akechi didn’t have anything to do with it, though. He could walk out of the dormitory and
never come back. He hadn’t given Ikutsuki his name yet. They’d have at least some difficulty
tracking him down.

But if the Kirijo group was trying to weaponize the Dark Hour… Akechi knew firsthand how
disastrous that would be. And as much as he didn’t give a damn about this rotten world, could
he really stand by and do nothing while more evil people brought it closer to ruin?
God, he was starting to sound like Akira. This wasn’t any of his business.
“Are you alright?” Ikutsuki asked. “You look a little pale.”
Akechi smiled and nodded. “Oh, I’m fine. Just a bit tired. This hidden hour hasn’t done my
sleep schedule any good.”
“Fair enough.” Ikutsuki frowned. “Now, I know you want to join us, but I’m afraid that I
can’t let you join unless you have a persona. You need to be up for the task. I can’t just send
any elementary schooler into the line of fire.”
“I don’t think that will be a problem,” Akechi said. He stood up. “However, I will give it
more thought. Will I have to move into this dorm if I join?”
“That would be ideal, yes.”
Akechi hated that he almost considered joining right then and there. The Kirijo group
certainly had enough influence to make it so that he was allowed to stay in the dorm. He
could kiss the foster system goodbye for at least a little while.
But would it really be worth it if Akechi trapped himself in yet another conspiracy?
Akechi didn’t know.
“I’ll return another time,” Akechi said. He bowed. “I should be getting back home.”
“It’s been a pleasure, um, oh this is embarrassing. I never asked for your name.”
Akechi gritted his teeth. He could flee right now, but it would only make Ikutsuki suspicious
of him if he decided to come back. Lying wouldn’t do him any favors, either. If Akechi was
to be potentially released from the Fukuis’ custody, he’d need to give Ikutsuki his real name.
Damnit.
“It’s Akechi Goro,” Akechi said.
Ikutsuki nodded with another small grin. “It’s been a pleasure, Akechi-kun.”

“Thou art I… and I am Thou
Thou hast established a new bond…

One that furthers thy voyage for redemption

Thou shalt be blessed when creating
Personas of the Devil Arcana…”

Of course it was the devil arcana. Akechi sarcastically thanked the voice in his head for
reminding him that adults could never be trusted. He certainly hadn’t known that before.
“We’d be glad to have you on the team if you make that decision. I’m sure I can persuade
your parents to let you live in the dorms.”
Akechi smiled bitterly. “I don’t think that will be a problem.”

Yamamoto had taken to walking home with Akechi. She enjoyed pointing out monotonous
things that really did not matter, or talking about petty problems that Akechi couldn’t give a
damn about. She was currently discussing all the things she had done during golden week,
since this was the first day back to school.
“--and then my dad got me ice cream,” Yamamoto was saying. “He got pistachio, which is
my absolute favorite ice cream flavor. What’s your favorite ice cream, Akechi-kun?”
“Coffee,” Akechi said without hesitation. He tried not to sound exhausted as he said it.
“Really?” Yamamoto made a face. “I don’t like the bitter aftertaste. My sister says I'm just
not old enough for it.”
“Your sister sounds condescending,” Akechi said.
“No, I think she’s right.” Yamamoto sighed. “She’s so much cooler than me.”
Yamamoto practically worshiped her older sister. She brought her up at least once in every
conversation. Akechi was distinctly reminded of Niijima, except that Yamamoto wasn’t being
raised by her sister.
Another elementary schooler suddenly brushed past Yamamoto as they crossed the
crosswalk, and Yamamoto waved. “Bye, Amada-kun!”
Amada glanced over his shoulder with a quiet “bye” before turning his back toward them and
walking ahead.
“He lives in the dorms,” Yamamoto explained, even though Akechi hadn’t asked. “When his
mom died–”
“You should know better than to gossip about other people,” Akechi interrupted. He refused
to be like everyone who gave him pitying looks after his mother died. “If your mother died,

how would you like it if everyone talked about it behind your back?”
“Oh.” Yamamoto’s shoulders sagged, and her expression became suddenly sad. “My mother
died when I was born, but I didn’t think about it like that. I just wanted you to know why he’s
kind of quiet sometimes. Sorry, Akechi-kun.”
Akechi was not about to tell Yamamoto that it was okay. “Apology accepted,” he said
reluctantly. “Just think before talking about other people’s business next time.”
“You’re right.” Yamamoto nodded, resolve in her face. Then, as if the whole exchange had
never happened, she said, “Did you do anything fun during Golden Week?”
Akechi’s golden week had been about as fun as all of his other weeks, with the added stress
of not spending most of the day at school. While he had not done chores every day, he hadn’t
felt particularly safe holed up in his bedroom either.
“Nothing as exciting as ice cream,” Akechi said. “I mostly stayed at home.”
“Oh, well, that sounds like fun too,” Yamamoto said. “What do you like to do in there?”
All of Akechi’s conversations with Yamamoto ended up sounding like interrogations
somewhere along the line. Akechi knew it was because he never asked any questions of his
own, but he only indulged Yamamoto’s company because Akechi doubted anything he could
say would deter her.
“I do my homework.”
“You did your homework for all of golden week?” Yamamoto asked, sounding astounded.
“Among other things,” Akechi said vaguely. Like sleeping. He didn’t have much in the ways
of entertainment.
They reached the part of their route where they had to part ways.
“See you tomorrow, Akechi-kun!” Yamamoto said cheerfully.
“I look forward to it.”
Yamamoto turned around and walked away. Akechi let out a small breath of relief. He was
coming to hate her constant chatter less over time, but he very nearly lost all of his
composure over her gossiping. What was it her business if Amada’s mother died, even if it
was to explain he was grieving? Akechi highly doubted Amada told her that himself. Even if
he had, it wasn’t any of Akechi’s business.
No wonder Amada had been so dismissive of Yamamoto’s greeting.
That evening, Akechi once again stayed up until the Dark Hour. He was hoping he could
catch SEES in action, but Akechi realized early on that such a feat was impossible. They
clearly reached Gekkoukan before the Dark Hour hit, and they likely didn’t leave until after
the Dark Hour was over. Akechi’s only hope of finding them while they fought was if they

were fighting a shadow that escaped Tartarus. If SEES became a threat, Akechi wanted as
much information on their fighting strategies as possible.
Akechi also needed to find out how he time traveled. He had a feeling the Dark Hour had
something to do with it, or perhaps it had something to do with the Velvet Room?
Akechi walked over to the SEES dorms, glancing through one of the windows. It seemed
they hadn’t gone out for the night. He couldn’t hear anything of what the residents were
saying, but they didn’t seem to be saying much of anything. Kirijo Mitsuru was sitting on the
sofa, reading a book. A girl dressed in pink was standing on the other side of the Lounge, and
the boy with the saddest facial hair Akechi had ever seen was asleep on the other sofa.
Ikutsuki was nowhere to be seen. Maybe he didn’t live in the dorms.
According to Akechi’s research, the Devil arcana represented man’s involvement in the
material world and giving into selfish desires. Akechi thought that fit the bill quite nicely for
someone who was likely spending all of his time manipulating children into doing what he
wanted.
The thought infuriated Akechi. He had half a mind to march into that dorm and demand that
they grow some minds of their own. What could they possibly have to gain from fighting
shadows without knowing why? Surely, they didn’t think that the people running their group
had the best of intentions.
No, they probably did. Ignorance was fatal, especially when it came to seeing what you
wanted to see. They wanted to end the Dark Hour. Ikutsuki provided a means to do so.
Akechi wanted to kill Shido. Shido took that opportunity and squeezed.
Akechi turned around. He wasn’t going to get any information out of this, and he could spot
some security cameras on the outside of the building. He probably wouldn’t raise too much
suspicion, since he already spoke with Ikutsuki, but there was little point in taking
unnecessary risks. He wouldn’t throw away everything by barging in and yelling at everyone.
It wasn’t as though they would listen to a word he said anyway.
Perhaps Akechi should join the group. If he could gain everyone’s trust, he could figure out
what Ikutsuki and the Kirijo group really wanted. He could reveal such information to the
other members, and they could at least make their own educated choices on the matter.
Akechi scoffed at himself. What was he even thinking? Who cared about those dumbasses?
Akechi should be more worried about himself. Something had caused him to time travel, and
whatever it was, it was probably still around. Wasting time worrying about the wellbeing of
others was Akira’s thing.
But if his time traveling was connected to the Dark hour…
No. Akechi was not getting himself wrapped up in anything. He was not going to make his
life more difficult than it already was.

Out of the corner of his eyes, Akechi spotted a few shadowy figures sitting on top of the
building across the dorm. Akechi immediately snapped his attention to them. Were they
shadows? People?
As Akechi got a closer look, however, they vanished.
“What are you looking at?”
Akechi spun around and pointed his knife at the voice. He lowered it when he only saw
Aragaki standing about six feet away from him.
“Shouldn’t you know better than to sneak up on people?” Akechi demanded.
“Maybe I should know better than to sneak up on you, Knife Kid,” Aragaki said. “I heard you
talked to Akihiko.”
Akechi sputtered. “Did you just call me Knife Kid?”
“That’s what happens when you don’t give out your name.” Aragaki rolled his eyes.
“I prefer to keep my personal information private,” Akechi said, irritated.
“Didn’t know a name was so personal.”
“It is when the Kirijo group is behind this Specialized Extracurricular Execution Squad of
yours.”
“Hey, I’m not with them.” Aragaki actually sounded a bit offended. “Not anymore.”
“But you were?”
They both knew the answer.
“That’s not the point,” Aragaki said. He followed Akechi as Akechi walked further away
from the dorms. “It’s not as though they’re going to arrest you if you don’t join. I would
know. I quit almost two years ago.”
“It’s too late now,” Akechi said. “I told Ikutsuki my name. I’m sure he’s already found out
where I live.”
“Probably. Has he made any house calls?”
“Not yet.”
“Good.”
Aragaki broke out into some painful sounding coughs, and Akechi paused midstride. He
glanced back at his companion.
“Are you sick?”

Aragaki shook his head. “No, I just have something stuck in the back of my throat. I’m fine.”
His voice was so defensive that there was no way that he was telling the truth. There was no
real reason to lie over having a cold, either, unless he didn’t want Akechi to worry. All those
factors considered, Aragaki’s health might well be in a serious condition.
Akechi frowned but didn’t belabor the point. “If you say so.”

Chapter End Notes

This is the last set-up chapter, next chapter i think we start getting into the swing of
things.
I feel like this goes without saying, but just in case, there will be spoilers for all the
persona games in this fic.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments (feel
free to correct typos). <3

Chapter 4: May 7–10, 2009
Chapter Summary

Akechi is not impressed
Ken is an Adult mhm yep

Chapter Notes

tw: violence, awkwardness, ptsd, trust issues, this chapter feels kinda mild ngl

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Yamamoto did not see him the next day. As a matter of fact, she was not in class at all.
Akechi assumed she simply got sick, but he was surprised to realize that he almost missed
her constant chatter. Lunchtime was very quiet as he sat in his private corner of the
classroom, ignored by the rest of his fellow students.
Exhaustion weighed down at Akechi throughout the rest of the day. His state was bad enough
that even Fukui mentioned how large the bags underneath Akechi's eyes were. It might be
prudent to take the night off from pointless wandering.
As Akechi walked alone back from school, he found himself incidentally walking alongside
Amada. Amada didn’t pay him much mind, and Akechi was very inclined to do the same.
They traveled in total silence. As Akechi slowed to a stop in front of his apartment, he gave
Amada a short bow, out of politeness more than anything else.
“Have a good afternoon, Amada-kun.”
Amada’s eyes widened, but he was frowning. “You too… sorry, I don’t know your name.”
After so many years of being internationally famous, it was refreshing to hear those words
from someone who likely wished him no ill will. At least Akechi knew Ken didn’t pay much
attention to the rumor mill.
“Don’t worry, I only know your last name from Yamamoto yesterday. I’m Akechi Goro.”
Amada nodded. “It’s Amada Ken. See you around.”

“Thou art I… and I am Thou
Thou hast established a new bond…

One that furthers thy voyage for redemption

Thou shalt be blessed when creating
Personas of the Justice Arcana…”

As Amada walked away, Akechi watched him carefully. Where would Amada’s apparent
justice take him?

The following night, Akechi went to sleep at a reasonable hour. Fukui had demanded to know
if Akechi was somehow sneaking out at night to deal drugs, and Akechi had barely managed
to persuade him that he was just having trouble sleeping.
Even with a few nightmares, the sleep did him some good. He felt less inclined to rest his
head on his desk during class, at least. Yamamoto wasn’t at school that day either, so he
walked back to the apartment in the same general vicinity of Amada again. For the first five
minutes, they walked in silence, each daring the other to speak.
Amada surrendered first.
“What happened to Yamamoto?” he asked, glancing over at Akechi awkwardly. “Don’t you
normally walk home with her?”
“She hasn’t been at school the past two days,” Akechi said. He didn’t think Amada would
appreciate excessive cheerfulness shoved in his direction, so Akechi only remained mildly
polite. “I think she may have fallen ill.”
“Oh, that’s a bummer.” Amada’s eyes were wide, but Akechi had a feeling it had nothing to
do with Yamamoto’s apparent illness. Amada’s expression quickly became complacent. “I
hate falling ill, personally.”
“As do I.”
They continued walking in silence, their footfalls barely audible over the sounds of city
traffic. Amada briefly opened his mouth, before saying nothing for the rest of their walk.

“Yamamoto must be really sick,” Amada said almost immediately on Saturday afternoon. He
didn’t even bother pretending not to see Akechi.
“It’s only been three days,” Akechi said mildly.
“I guess.” Amada’s mouth was turned down into a frown, and he stared at Akechi for
multiple uncomfortable seconds. Akechi opened his mouth to politely ask what the hell he
thought he was looking at, but Amada said, “Are you okay? You look kind of sick yourself.”
Akechi had gone out during the Dark Hour again the night before. While he hadn’t fully
given up the hope of one day seeing SEES in action, he had spent most of his time trying to
find clues as to the cause of his time travel. His gut told him he’d only find answers in
Tartarus, which, of course, he could only get to if he actually joined the Specialized
Extracurricular Execution Squad. He planned on spending tonight to find a way to get to
Tartarus that didn’t involve taking the train before midnight struck.
Tartarus likely held the key to getting back to his own time, if such a feat were even possible.
Akechi didn’t know he had died in his original timeline. If he could find what caused him to
time travel in the first place, he could go back. He could go back to a time where Shido had
faced the consequences for his actions. A time with Akir–
Akechi stopped such sentimental thoughts before they escalated out of control.
Of course, wandering around during Dark Hour meant that all of the rest he got two nights
before meant nothing. It took all Akechi had not to sleep during class.
“I just didn’t get much sleep last night,” Akechi said. “I’m not sick.”
“Oh, I get that,” Amada said. “The other kids complain about being forced to go to bed
earlier than they want, but I envy them.”
Akechi remembered hating children who complained about their parents caring about them.
He still did.
“Do you have your own sleeping troubles?” Akechi asked.
Amada shrugged. “Sometimes.”
Sometimes. Such a beautifully vague word. Akechi only ever “sometimes” had nightmares
either.
“Well, I hope they get better over time,” Akechi said, even though they probably wouldn’t.
Things never got better over time. They only ever got even more damn worse.
“Thanks.” Amada shook his head. “You don’t need to worry about me, though. I just stay up
all night reading manga…” His eyes widened as he hastened to explain, “Not because I think
it’s super good or anything, but because I’m bored.”
Akechi decided to humor him. “Of course.”

The moon was full that night.
Its glowing green face stared down at Iwatodai oppressively. It was certainly larger than the
moon in the real world, and Akechi couldn’t help but to be unsettled by its presence. An
irrational part of him wondered if it was slowly getting closer and closer, ready to crush the
city underneath its power.
That, of course, was ridiculous. Nothing quite that ludicrous had occurred in the metaverse.
But, it was probably technically possible.
Akechi forced himself to look away from the sky. He was being ridiculous, being distracted
by something as inconsequential as a moon. But it wasn’t just the moon. The entire
atmosphere of the Dark Hour felt… different. Unstable, perhaps. Certainly dangerous.
Akechi stepped out of his apartment building to hear the sound of an engine revving. A bright
yellow light pierced the murky atmosphere of the metaverse, and Akechi gaped upon seeing a
motorcycle zoom past him. He could spot Kirijo Mitsuru’s red hair flying behind her as she
made a hard left at the intersection.
Without hesitation, Akechi ran after her. He had no hope of keeping up with a motorcycle on
foot, but he’d be an fool not to at least try. The Dark Hour was quiet enough that Akechi was
able to follow the sound of the motorcycle as best as he could. The sound continued to fade
over time, but Akechi ran with a vengeance. He was not going to miss this one opportunity to
see SEES in action. He refused to.
As Akechi’s heart hammered erratically in his chest, unused to such intense exercise, the
sound of the motorcycle stopped entirely. Damnit. Had he lost them?
But no. He could hear the faint sound of voices coming from the same direction Iwatodai
station was located. Akechi slowed to a jog as he got closer, and he began walking once he
could make out what they were saying.
“-that dangerous?!” the voice of a teenage boy asked.
“Don’t worry, Junpei, no electronic equipment is functional during the Dark Hour, including
the monorails.”
Akechi hid behind a large collection of bikes as he watched the group on the steps. Kirijo was
sitting on top of her motorcycle, holding a helmet in her hands as she spoke. She spoke with a
great deal of confidence for someone who just drove a motorcycle to the station.
“But your bike…” Junpei asked, voicing Akechi’s thoughts exactly.
“It’s special,” Kirijo said. Akechi couldn’t see her face, but her voice sounded extremely
content with this fact. Akechi rolled his eyes. “Special” was probably just another term for
“made by my extremely powerful family”.

Kirijo brought a hand to her ear before nodding to the others. “There’s no more time to waste.
Let’s get started.”
The girl in pink nodded. “Okay.”
Junpei’s expression was determined, but Akechi could see that he was more eager than wary.
“Let’s do this!”
The fourth member of their group was a pale boy with dark hair covering half of his face.
Akechi had never seen him in the dorm before; he clearly never spent much time in the
lounge area during the Dark Hour. Evidently, he also didn’t give a crap about their mission.
He was leaning against the railing of the stairs, watching the others talk with an almost bored
expression on his face.
Junpei and the girl turned to the boy, and Akechi waited for them to reprimand him for his
apathy. Fighting shadows was serious. If you didn’t treat it as such, you got killed.
Instead, Junpei wore a somewhat bitter expression as he said, “Alright, leader. Lead us onto
the monorail tracks of death.”
Leader? They had elected this apathetic asshole to be their leader?
This group was more doomed than Akechi had initially realized. Junpei had more leadership
abilities than this apathetic ass, and, from what Akechi had seen of him, Junpei shared many
similar traits with Sakamoto.
Their leader nodded, finally fully standing up from leaning against the railings. He picked up
his short sword and started walking toward the tracks. Junpei and the girl followed him
without another word, not even a protest against his rudeness.
Akechi could not believe what he was seeing. At the very least Akira was sociable.
The three of them went further into the station, theoretically to get onto the tracks. Kirijo
stayed where she was. She held her hand to her ear as she barked out information about the
location of a shadow on the monorail. She must play a support role similar to Oracle’s.
As entertaining as it was to watch Kirijo give information to the air, Akechi had come to
watch SEES fight. He’d normally be worried about getting past Kirijo undetected, but not
only did she look extremely focused on her work, there were also multiple entrances into the
station.
Akechi ducked behind coffins as he quietly crept up the stairs far away from Kirijo. As soon
as he safely got inside the station, he jumped down onto the tracks. He could spot the group
standing in front of the monorail, seemingly speaking to Kirijo. They were all facing the
vehicle, but Akechi slowed his run so as to not be too obnoxiously loud. There were no
convenient coffins to hide behind on literal train tracks, so Akechi’s best hope was that they
wouldn’t turn around and see him.

Fortunately, as those thoughts raced through Akechi’s mind, the three of them walked to the
side of the monorail. The girl began climbing into the vehicle. The other two followed close
behind, with the so-called leader going last. As soon as they were out of sight, Akechi
sprinted to the monorail and climbed up the ladder himself. The door leading into the train
was wide open, and Akechi kept his back to the wall beside the door to remain out of sight.
“Wait a minute,” the girl was saying. “We’re not at the station, but all of the doors are wide–”
The doors took that opportunity to begin closing. Akechi swore under his breath as the door
leading into the train shut firmly beside him. He’d have to force the thing open.
Much to his eternal frustration, Akechi had to stand on his toes to see through the windows of
the door. It wasn’t a particularly good view either, but Akechi could make the three out
through the thick glass. Their muffled voices were expressing surprise over being locked in.
Their leader still looked like he could care less whether all three of them lived or died.
Kirijo must have said something to the others with her persona’s ability, because without
prompting, they all nodded to the air. They started going deeper into the monorail. As soon as
they got onto another car, Akechi knocked on the door leading into the inside of the train.
The doors slid open, much to Akechi’s surprise. But, then again, the other three had no
difficulties getting further into the train either. If this dangerous shadow they were hunting
really had commandeered the monorail, it was doing a poor job of preventing them from
getting closer to the front of the vehicle.
Akechi jogged to the next set of doors. He peered through the windows to see Junpei vanish
into the next monorail car. Akechi quickly followed. He reached the following set of doors,
but the three had stopped in their path. A shadow floated in front of him, and a triumphant
feeling rose up in Akechi’s chest. It took them long enough to start fighting.
That triumphant feeling disappeared as quickly as it came. The shadow ran away further into
the monorail. Junpei started running after it, but he stopped.
“What, why?!” his muffled voice demanded. Kirijo had likely told him to cease chasing after
it like a fool. “It’s going to get away!”
Another brief pause. This time, the leader spoke. At least he wasn’t as incompetent as to not
speak up when his team members were arguing.
“We should be careful,” the leader said. His voice was quiet, but it didn’t hold any of the
commanding authority Joker used when directing the Phantom Thieves. “We’re not even here
for it anyway.”
“It’s still a shadow.” Junpei’s expression was indignant. “Are you seriously saying we should
just let it go just because it’s small fry?”
“No, he’s saying that we only have an hour to get this big one!” the girl said. “So stop
arguing already!”

This team was falling to pieces.
“Well, who died and made him leader?” Junpei demanded. He slashed his arms through the
air.
“Everyone agreed–” the girl began, but Junpei interrupted her.
“We could beat that guy no problem! Hell, I’ll do it myself!”
And with that dramatic declaration, Junpei spun around and sprinted away.
“Junpei, wait!” the girl cried, stomping her foot against the ground. The leader said nothing.
This group was an absolute disaster. Junpei didn’t respect authority, which was a feat even
Sakamoto could achieve when it came to the Phantom Thieves. Their leader didn’t take
nearly enough initiative in keeping the group under control. The only members that Akechi
could perceive actually playing their roles were Kirijo and the other girl, but that alone
wasn’t going to create a functional unit.
These fools were going to get themselves killed, and they served as a valuable reminder as to
why Akechi was so adamantly against teammates. They only ever served to drag you down.
Another liability to look after. Being alone was better than being backed up by incompetent
“teammates”.
The other two followed Junpei into the darkness, and Akechi continued to follow from a
distance. At this rate, he was going to be the witness of three deaths. Kirijo seemed to be the
most accustomed to leadership, which made sense, seeing as she was the heir to the Kirijo
group. Why hadn’t she been appointed leader of this operation? Junpei might still blatantly
disrespect authority and run off, but at least the group wouldn’t be left floundering.
Questions for another time. Akechi stumbled in his tracks as the train suddenly began
moving. Unless SEES had gotten to the front car at an impossible speed, the shadow was
operating the monorail. That spelled disaster for any other nearby trains, and the rest of SEES
moved with more and more haste because of it. They also seemed to have reunited with
Junpei, the idiot.
After a good amount of running toward the front of the train, when Akechi looked through
the next window, he saw Junpei hunched over himself. He was clutching his side, likely
because he had injured himself on his little solo run.
The other two were facing off against an absolutely massive shadow. Its hair was made up of
massive black and white tendrils, but she wasn’t using them for combat. Instead, she aimed a
bufu attack at the group, and their leader dodged with admitted deftness.
“Yukari, focus on support!” the leader shouted, finally taking charge.
“Got it!”
The leader pressed a gun against his right temple. Nobody even batted an eye. Akechi burst
through the doors. He wasn’t about to let this idiot abandon everyone–

“Persona!”
Shards of glass shattered from the other side of the leader’s skull as Jack Frost burst forth.
Blocks of ice pierced both the large shadow and its smaller counterparts.
The leader didn’t collapse. He didn’t even look hurt. He shot himself in the head and didn’t
even look hurt.
Yukari took a gun in her own hands and pointed it toward her forehead. The sound of glass
shattering filled the room again, and green healing light surrounded Junpei.
“Thanks,” Junpei grunted, sounding begrudging. He stood up to his full height, and his eyes
caught Akechi’s. “Hey, wait, what are you–”
“Junpei, attack this thing!”
The leader commanded right before the shadow waved her hand toward him. A burst of ice
exploded beneath the leader. His expression contorted as he stumbled backwards, but he
didn’t make any sounds of pain.
Junpei looked frantically between his leader, the shadow, and Akechi. His eyes were wide
and in clear disbelief.
“But, Minato, there’s a–”
“Will you stop arguing?!” Yukari shouted, as she fumbled with her persona gun. “We need all
the help we can get over here!”
“Ugh, fine!” Junpei glanced at Akechi before running to the others, pulling out his own gun.
Akechi had hoped that they would deal with the shadow efficiently, now that they were all
together again. Minato did seem capable of giving out battle commands, and Yukari, at least,
was adept enough in following them.
Akechi hadn’t accounted for them being so pathetically weak. Yukari’s healing abilities
barely healed anything at all, and she could only target one person at a time. Nobody’s
abilities did nearly as much damage as any of the Phantom Thieves personas, and Minato
wasn’t experienced enough to give out prudent battle strategies.
In short, the shadow was beating them into the ground.
Minato was crouched on the ground, and the blade of his sword scraped against the floor as if
it were too heavy for Minato to lift into the air. Junpei was in a worse state than he was when
they began this battle. Yukari panted for breath as she lifted her gun tremblingly, glancing
between Minato and Junpei.
Akechi couldn’t watch this anymore. It’s not as if he cared about the lives of these fools, but
the more he watched, the more he realized he needed them. If he gained their trust, they
would take him to Tartarus. If he watched them die, Akechi might lose the chance to find a
way back to 2017 forever.

Not to mention, if they didn’t kill this shadow soon, the monorail would collide with another
train, and Akechi would die.
Akechi sprinted forward and pushed his way to the front of the group. Yukari made a noise of
surprise, and Junpei protested.
“Hey, it’s not safe!”
Akechi reached for his mask. His fingers grasped onto empty air, but he could feel his power.
Reaching for it on instinct, he thought of megidolaon.
“LOKI!”
Loki appeared as easily as he always had. An explosion of almighty magic instantly
decimated all of the shadows, and a surge of satisfaction rushed through Akechi. That would
never not be satisfying to watch.
Then, Loki disappeared, and exhaustion slammed into Akechi. Sweat dripped from his
forehead as his legs shook underneath him. His vision blurred, and he stumbled backwards.
His back hit Minato, and Akechi pushed himself off of him in mortification.
“My apologies,” Akechi said. His voice sounded far away to his own ears. “I thought you
needed–”

Junpei was the only thing that stopped the kid’s skull from hitting the floor.
The kid had fallen backwards and, conveniently, right into Junpei’s body. Junpei awkwardly
grabbed him by the shoulders before he could fall any further.
“Is he dead?!” Junpei demanded, his voice cracking in panic.
“Don’t be stupid,” Yukari said, although she didn’t sound too sure. “He probably just fainted,
right?”
Minato shrugged and took a few steps forward, pressing his fingers into the crook of the kid’s
neck. A steady pulse echoed beneath Minato’s fingertips.
“Still alive,” Minato confirmed.
Both Junpei and Yukari sighed in relief.
“What are you doing?!” Mitsuru demanded with a certain franticness in her voice. “Stop the
train from crashing!”
“Oh, right!” Yukari looked around at the various levers and buttons. “Um, what do I do?!”
“Don’t look at me!” Junpei cried, even though nobody had been looking at him. “I’m holding
a rogue child!”

“You’re running out of time, so figure it out!” Mitsuru commanded.
Minato ran to one of the levers and pulled with all of his might. The train screeched to a halt.
The force of the stop caused all of them to fall over backwards. Yukari let out a sharp cry in
surprise, and Junpei groaned at the added weight of a child falling on top of him.
“Are we dead?” Junpei asked.
“Nope!” Yukari cheered. She picked herself off of the ground and dusted herself off. “Great
work, leader!”
“How did you know which lever to pull?” Junpei asked. He sat up awkwardly, still holding
the strange kid by his shoulders. “Were you a monorail operator or something?”
“I guessed.”
“You what?!” both Yukari and Junpei screeched at the same time.
“What?” Minato rolled his eyes. “We’re not dead.”
“Barely,” Yukari sighed. “Man, that was scary.” She looked down at the kid. “And what was
with this kid?”
“He’s what I was trying to tell you about earlier,” Junpei said. “I saw him right when the
battle began.”
“Hey, Mitsuru, why didn’t you tell us he was here?” Yukari asked.
Mitsuru’s voice echoed within their ears. “I was so focused on finding shadows and keeping
track of you all, that he completely slipped my radar.” her voice was filled with shame. “I’m
sorry.”
“Don’t be,” Yukari sighed.
“But man, I’ve never seen anyone so powerful, not even a shadow,” Junpei said. His eyes
were wide, and he glanced at the others with an unnerved expression. “I mean… he totally
destroyed them with one blow.”
“Sure, but we whittled them down a bit before that,” Yukari said.
“Not that much.”
Minato frowned, and he made an agreeing noise from the back of his throat.
Mitsuru sighed. “He’s clearly a powerful persona user, but there’s no point in arguing over
this now. You guys should return to the station before the power comes back on.”
“Oh, right.” Yukari shuddered. “Imagine if the monorail came back online while we’re
walking on the tracks–”

“Why would you say that?” Junpei groaned. His voice raised a few octaves, and his grip on
the kid tightened. “What are you wasting time standing around here for, then? Let’s go!”
“Who’s going to carry him?”
“He’s pretty light…” Junpei said, his voice reluctant. “I could probably carry him on my
back. That is, if our beloved leader allows it.”
Minato rolled his eyes. “Do what you want.”
“I will.” To his credit, Junpei didn’t seem to have any difficulties getting the kid onto his
back. Even hunched over to keep the body balanced, his face showed no signs of strain at all.
“Alright, let’s get the hell out of here. This place gives me the heebie-jeebies.”
“And I don’t want to get run over,” Yukari agreed.
They reunited with Mitsuru a few moments later, who was already wearing her motorcycle
helmet.
“I can take him back to the dorm while we wait for him to wake up,” Mitsuru said
immediately, her voice brisk and commanding.
“Why do you think he was following us?” Yukari asked.
“Maybe he was scared and wanted to follow us mighty heroes,” Junpei said with a grin.
Yukari rolled her eyes. “And go into even more danger? Most kids aren’t willing to walk on
monorail tracks.” She turned to Minato. “What do you think?”
“I don’t know,” Minato said. He glanced at the unconscious kid, who was still draped over
Junpei’s back. Something about him seemed familiar, but Minato had no idea what. It was
just a feeling in his gut.
“Oh well, I guess we’ll have to ask him when he wakes up.” Yukari sighed. “Just when I
think I understand everything that’s going on too…”
“Man, I’m glad he’s just exhausted,” Junpei said. “Imagine if he had gotten caught in the
crossfire.”
“In this line of work, you must be prepared for everything, including random elementary
schoolers,” Mitsuru said sternly. “Next time, we should be more aware of our surroundings.
I’ll try to do better as well.”
With that solemn note, Junpei allowed Mitsuru to drive the kid back to the dorms. The other
three were required to walk the admittedly fairly short distance.
Junpei sighed. “Man, I hope he wakes up and answers our questions. The way he said Loki…
it gave me chills, man.”
“Only you would be intimidated by a ten-year-old,” Yukari said.

“Hey! He was very intimidating!”

Akechi was lying on a soft surface. A pillow was propped up underneath his head, and he
could feel the warmth of a blanket pressing down against his body.
Above him, he could hear the familiar voice of Ikutsuki.
“--spoke with him almost a week ago. He said he was interested in joining SEES, and that
Akihiko had told him about it.”
“Is this true, Akihiko?” Kirijo’s voice asked.
“Um, yeah,” Sanada’s voice responded. “He said he knew a friend of mine, who had told him
to speak to me. I told him about SEES, and that if he was interested, he could speak to the
chairman about it.”
“You recruited an elementary schooler?!” Yukari cried out. “Are you kidding me right
now?!”
“Now, now, Yukari, don’t get angry at Akihiko,” Ikutsuki said. “It’s far better that Akechikun has guidance than to wander recklessly around in the Dark Hour and get killed. Sending
him to me was the wisest course of action.”
“I mean, sure, but… we’re not going to have him fighting shadows with us, right?” Junpei
asked. “Isn’t it too dangerous?”
Ikutsuki chuckled. “From what you told me, he was more powerful than all of you combined.
I’m sure he can handle himself.”
“With all due respect chairman, he hasn’t woken up since he first passed out thirty minutes
ago,” Kirijo said. “He’s going to be a liability if he falls unconscious every time he summons
his persona.”
Akechi grit his teeth on instinct. He was no liability. Kirijo was more of a liability than he
was. If Akechi didn’t want to listen in on their conversation, he’d sit up and show her just
how much of a liability he was–
“Did he move?” Junpei asked suddenly.
Damnit.
The room dissolved into silence, and Akechi kept as naturally still as possible. The ticking of
the clock echoed throughout the lounge, and Akechi wished someone would start talking
already.
“Um, I don’t think so,” Yukari said. “You’re seeing things.”

“Chairman, I know he’s powerful, but are you sure it’s a good idea to let Akechi join us?”
Sanada asked. “I mean, if he needs protection, he can always stay at the dorm.”
“It’s up to him,” Ikutsuki said firmly. “If he volunteers, I’m not going to stop him.”
“Seriously?!”
“We need all of the help we can get,” Ikutsuki said. “Last night was a testament to that.”
Kirijo sighed. “I hate to admit it, but he’s right. You all could have died tonight without his
intervention.”
“I don’t want him to feel like he has to join us because he’s so powerful,” Yukari said, her
voice irritated. “We should be focusing on our own training.”
“Ikutsuki, how much do you know about Akechi anyway?” Sanada asked. “I didn’t know his
name before today.”
Akechi almost sat up right then, but he wanted to know if Ikutsuki had done any digging on
his background. If Akechi joined SEES, they would likely learn of Akechi’s situation
anyhow.
“Not much, unfortunately,” Ikutsuki said. “He’s certainly tight lipped. He’s also awake.”
“Wait, seriously?” Yukari asked.
“I told you!” Junpei cried out victoriously.
Akechi hated that he was caught. Were his years of acting like someone else worth nothing?
But, as it was, Akechi would be better served to admit defeat before he was goaded into
waking up.
He opened his eyes slowly, trying to make it look as though he just woke up. He was, in fact,
lying on one of the sofas in the lounge. Ikutsuki sat in his armchair, and the other members of
SEES were all standing around him. Akechi felt distinctly like a specimen under a
microscope.
Akechi sat up, shoving aside the blanket covering his body. Thanks to the lights being
functional, the lounge was warmer toned and brighter than it was during the Dark Hour.
The Dark Hour was over, which meant Akechi wouldn’t be able to sneak back into the
apartment that night. To make matters worse, it was Sunday, which meant Akechi couldn’t
hope the Fukuis would just assume Akechi went to school early in the morning. They’d know
Akechi snuck out.
Akechi would focus on that later. He had a party to entertain.
“I guess you are awake,” Mitsuru said.

“How did you know?” Akihiko asked, looking at Ikutsuki with no small amount of surprise.
“He looked like he was sleeping to me.”
Ikutsuki grinned with self-satisfaction. “I guessed.”
He what.
“Oh.” Junpei’s shoulders slumped. “I thought you saw him move when I did.”
“He did not move,” Yukari said.
“His face twitched!”
Minato had yet to say anything. He was standing apart from the rest of the group, leaning
against a nearby wall with his arms crossed.
“So, Akechi-kun,” Ikutsuki said, “Now that you’ve decided to join us, we would like your
input in all of this.”
“My input?” Akechi asked. He’d answer some of their questions if that meant gaining their
trust, but he wasn’t about to spill his entire life story to them.
“They want you to join,” Minato said. In spite of the quietness in his tone, his voice was still
clearly audible from across the room.
Akechi wasn’t incapable of connecting the dots; he knew that.
“Ah,” Akechi said. He would have to choose his words carefully. “As much as I would love
to join, I’m afraid my current guardians wouldn’t be amenable to me hanging out with a
bunch of teenagers. They’d think I was doing something illegal.”
“Your guardians?” Junpei asked, looking astonished. “You mean your parents?”
Everybody in the room looked at Junpei with various expressions of disgust and horror.
“My foster parents,” Akechi said, as though that’s what Junpei had meant to say all along. It
wasn’t, because Junpei was a bumbling fool. But Akechi was experienced in diffusing
tension. He didn’t want an argument to break out about how Junpei was being insensitive in
front of the orphan.
“That issue can be easily resolved,” Ikutsuki said readily. He spoke with such confidence that
he was either very confident in the Kirijo group's power, or he had already researched
Akechi’s background ahead of time. “You can move into the dorm. Unless, of course, you do
not wish to leave your home.”
Of course.
This bastard knew what he was doing. He knew that Akechi would gladly leave the system
behind, no matter the cost. He knew that Akechi would accept.

Akechi almost declared he refused, just to see the look on Ikutsuki’s face.
Unfortunately, as it was, Akechi was inclined to accept. The sad truth of the matter was that
Akechi was willing to do anything to get out of the foster system. Additionally, Akechi
planned on using SEES to figure out how to get back to his own time. He would have to
accept Ikutsuki’s offer to accomplish either of those things. If Ikutsuki and the Kirijo group
was using SEES for ill, it would be better that Akechi pretend he had no idea that he could
possibly be manipulated.
This was the same sort of logic that caused Akechi to give into every one of Shido’s whims.
But did Akechi really have much of a choice? He could join SEES and seize some semblance
of control over his current situation. Or, he could stay with the Fukuis and let the system drag
him around for the next five years until he inevitably turned to Shido all over again.
“It almost sounds too good to be true,” Akechi said, so that he could sound appropriately
reluctant. “I don’t want to cause any trouble.”
“It won’t be any trouble. On the contrary, we would be more than happy to welcome you
aboard.”
Kirijo and Sanada were glancing at each other dubiously, and Yukari looked like she was on
the verge of shouting out in protest again.
They were all clearly thrilled.
“Well, in that case–”
“Nobody’s forcing you to join,” Yukari said suddenly. “Don’t feel obligated or anything.”
“I am perfectly capable of making my own decisions,” Akechi said, unable to stop himself. “I
want to do this. I know I got this power for a reason, and if it means helping your group, then
I’ll do it.”
It was a spiel not unlike the one he gave the Phantom Thieves when he forcibly inserted
himself into their team. That was all this was. He was just infiltrating SEES to his own ends.
Ikutsuki grinned, looking genuinely thrilled. “Great! It’ll take a few days to move all of your
things into your room, and I’ll arrange to have an evoker made for you. But, apart from that,
welcome to SEES.”
“I don’t have things, apart from my textbooks.” Akechi kept his tone as casually and
unfeeling as possible, but it wasn’t enough to keep the pitying glances at bay. Minato and
Sanada didn’t look surprised, but the other three’s eyes screamed of pity. “And when you say
evoker, are you talking about those guns you used to summon personas?”
“Oh, that’s right,” Yukari said, looking startled out of her pity for the tragic orphan in her
presence, “You didn’t need an evoker to summon your persona.”
“Isn’t that part of the reason why you passed out to begin with?” Kirijo asked. “Surely with
an evoker, you won’t expend your energy so easily.”

Akechi shook his head. “I just overestimated my strength,” he said. “I am perfectly capable
of summoning my persona without any… evokers.”
“Seriously?” Junpei frowned. “Wow.”
He sounded less impressed and more jealous. Akechi pretended he didn’t notice. As a matter
of fact, he was wasting too much time here anyhow.
“I should head back to my place,” Akechi said, getting up off of the couch.
His legs still felt weak underneath him, which was infuriating. He could cast megidolaon
multiple times against the Phantom Thieves, and now he was reduced to a weak child who
couldn’t cast it once without fainting.
Kirijo was right. He would become a liability if he couldn’t get his own stamina in check.
“You don’t need to go back,” Sanada said gruffly. “Ikutsuki can pick up your textbooks from
your guardians, and that way you don’t have to walk back to your apartment in your current
state. Ikutsuki will have to explain the situation to them anyway, so it’s no skin off his back.”
Sanada was clearly trying to do Akechi a favor, but Akechi didn’t need any protecting. “I’d
hate to impose–”
“You can sleep on the couch,” Minato said abruptly. “There’s no point in waking up your
guardians at this hour anyway. You can go back tomorrow if you’re so concerned about
bothering us.”
Akechi couldn’t exactly argue with that.
“Fine,” Akechi sighed.
“Well, I guess if he’s joining the team, we should do introductions,” Yukari said longsufferingly. Her face brightened. “I’m Takeba Yukari. The stupid standing next to me is Iori
Junpei.”
“Hey, I resent that,” Iori said.
Takeba ignored Iori, turning toward Sanada and Kirijo.
“We’ve already met,” Sanada said.
“Kirijo Mitsuru,” Kirijo said. “It’s a pleasure to officially make your acquaintance.”
Everybody looked at Minato, who looked away awkwardly. “Arisato Minato.”
With introductions done, everybody filtered out of the lounge to their own bedrooms. Akechi
settled down on the couch and fell into a fitful sleep.

Chapter End Notes

Ken is pretending to be an adult and akechi is an adult which just leads to some
painfully awkward interactions.
Im taking the manga/anime route with minato's characterization but im not gonna follow
all of their changes to canon. Which is silly to say since this fic is me changing canon
but shhhhhh.
For those of you who like fem!c dw you'll get fed a little bit (a very little bit (like she's
not alive or anything (sry))).
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments (feel
free to correct typos). <3

Chapter 5: May 10–11, 2009
Chapter Summary

Akechi moves in to the dorms!
And maybe promises to babysit velvet room attendants?

Chapter Notes

tw: guns, child abuse, ptsd, implied/referenced child endangerment, self loathing

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Akira sat on top of the monorail in his Phantom Thief attire. Akechi stood next to him as they
looked out on a Tokyo completely submerged by water. Their monorail floated on the water,
their only lifeline in a sunken world.
“Why are you still wearing that thing?” Akechi demanded. “It’s over. You don’t need it
anymore.”
Akira snorted. “Are you kidding? You’re still wearing yours.”
Akechi glanced down at himself. Sure enough, he was wearing his metaverse attire, and his
metal mask still covered half of his face.
“The metaverse might be gone, but our masks aren’t,” Akira said with a bitter smile. “Do you
know what the word persona means?”
“It’s a psychological term,” Akechi said impatiently. “It’s the face you put on for others.”
Akira nodded, kicking at the water and soaking his boots. “I don’t know about you, but I still
have plenty of faces I put on for the people around me.”
Akechi sat down a few feet away from Akira. “Doesn’t everyone?”
Akira hums. “You’re joining SEES, huh?”
“You would too, if you were there,” Akechi snapped, rolling his eyes. He glanced up at the
blood red sky. “And I’m not doing it for any noble reasons.”
“You’re doing it again.” Akira’s voice was tinged with disappointment.

“Doing what?”
“That… oh, I’m so evil, you shouldn’t want anything to do with me, I’m going to die Akira
so just steal Maruki’s desires because I don’t deserve your love–”
Akechi looked away. “That’s all true, dumbass.”
The safety of a gun clicked off, and Akechi spun back around. He was in the engine room
again, because it always came back down to the engine room. In Akira’s place stood Arisato,
who looked as bored as ever.
“But are you afraid to die?”
He pulled the trigger, and–

Akechi’s eyes flew open as his heart froze in his chest.
He wasn’t in the engine room with Arisato. He wasn’t with Akira. He was lying on the couch
of SEES’ dormitory lounge. Dishes clinked behind him, and Akechi sat up immediately.
Arisato was sitting at the kitchen table, munching on a piece of toast. He was wearing his
earbuds and staring at his plate, completely oblivious to the fact that Akechi was awake.
Akechi got up from the couch and contemplated sneaking out. He could at least gather his
own belongings. The others might not think that Akechi was so depraved that he was afraid
to go back to his own living place.
Of course, he would only be returning straight back to the dormitories. Why should he go
back to the apartment if the only thing he would receive there was grief?
“Do you want something to eat?” Arisato asked, snapping Akechi out of his reverie. Akechi
turned back toward the table. Arisato had finished his toast, and now he stared at Akechi
inquisitively. He removed one of his earbuds and held it by the chord, swinging it back and
forth like a pendulum.
“I’m fine,” Akechi said on reflex. In reality, his stomach was trying to eat his insides, but
Arisato didn’t need to know that. He refused to become a charity case.
“If you say so.” Arisato stood up and took his plate back to the kitchen area. He rinsed the
crumbs off and placed it on the counter.
“You’re not going to put it away?”
Arisato shrugged. He opened up the fridge and pulled out an apple. As he exited the kitchen
area, he took an obnoxiously loud bite from it.
Akechi went behind the kitchen counter in deep irritation. From what he had been able to
deduce, SEES were in charge of cleaning up after themselves. Arisato should know better
than to be a slob.

He turned to sink back on and properly washed the plate with soap. He then picked up the
towel sitting on the counter and dried the plate.
“Which cabinet do the plates go into?” Akechi asked.
Arisato swallowed and said, “The farthest one to the right.”
Akechi located said cabinet and opened it. There were approximately ten plates stacked up on
it, and Akechi realized he wasn’t going to be able to get the plate up into the stack at his
current height. Why the hell did he have to be so short?
As Akechi debated climbing on top of the counter, Arisato walked back up to him and took
the plate from his hands. He placed the plate back onto the stack and closed the cabinet door.
Akechi smothered his wounded pride with a smile that made his face hurt. “Thank you for
your help. Although, I wonder why you didn’t put your plate away to begin with.”
“You’ll see,” Arisato said, putting his earbud back into his ear. He began to turn around when
time stopped all over again, and that strange music began playing in Akechi’s head.

“Thou art I… and I am Thou
Thou hast established a new bond…

One that furthers thy voyage for redemption

Thou shalt be blessed when creating
Personas of the Death Arcana…”

Time returned back to normal, and Arisato turned back toward Akechi, looking confused.
This had never happened before. Had Arisato heard the voice in Akechi’s head?
“Huh,” Arisato said. He sounded less inquisitive and more intrigued.
“What?” Akechi tried not to snap, feeling inexplicably embarrassed. It wasn’t his fault that
there was a voice talking about his redemption. Well, maybe it was from a certain
perspective, but it certainly wasn’t intentional on Akechi’s end.
“Nothing,” Arisato said. “I’ll see you around.”
And with that, Arisato calmly walked away, leaving the dorm entirely.

A few moments later, Akechi could hear obnoxious thumping from the stairs getting louder
and louder. He stepped out of the kitchen to see Iori jogging down the stairs. As he reached
the bottom step, he screeched and stumbled to a halt.
Akechi raised his eyebrows innocently. “What’s the matter, Iori-san?”
Iori massaged his chest and let out a deep exhale. “I forgot you were here,” he said. “Sorry if
I scared you.”
As if Akechi found Iori screaming like a child intimidating.
“It’s no trouble at all,” Akechi said. “I apologize for startling you.”
Iori nodded, his eyes wide. “Cool, cool. I’m just going to go grab something to eat. Do you
want anything?”
If every single member of this dorm asked Akechi if he wanted something for breakfast,
Akechi was going to break them.
“I’m fine, Iori-san,” Akechi said.
“Are you sure? It’s no problem for me to whip something up for you.”
Takeba approached from the stairs, wearing a skeptical frown. “Seriously? You can make
eggs without getting them burnt?”
“H-hey! I’m very knowledgeable about eggs.”
“Oh, really?”
Iori sputtered. “It’s not like you can cook either, and you’re a girl!”
Takeba narrowed her eyes. “Excuse me?”
Iori’s eyes widened with fear, and he took a couple of steps back. “I just meant that it’s
awfully bold of you to accuse me of being a bad cook–”
“I dare you to finish that sentence.”
Iori sighed. “Forget it. Tell me if you want anything, Goro-kun.”
Akechi felt chills run up his back at the sound of his own name. “Don’t call me that,” Akechi
said. His voice was visceral, and he tried to taper it down to something less wrath-filled.
“Please.”
Iori looked genuinely taken aback. “Oh, uh, yeah. Sorry, Akechi-kun.”
Takeba brought her hands to her eyes. “Talk about Stupei. I’m sorry about him, Akechi-kun.
You’ll get used to him eventually.”
Akechi sincerely doubted that.

“Are you sure you don’t want anything to eat?” Takeba asked. “None of us can really cook,
but I can take you out to grab something if you want.”
Akechi needed to kill something. “I assure you; I’m not hungry.”
“Really? You lost a lot of stamina last night. I know I get really hungry after Tartarus runs.”
“If any hunger arises, I’ll ask,” Akechi said even as his stomach growled.
“Okay…” Takeba said doubtfully. She looked like she wanted to say more, but just as she
was about to speak, Iori exclaimed loudly from across the room.
“Aw man! Minato didn’t leave his plate out.”
What.
“What?” Takeba asked.
Iori tutted. “I had a genius arrangement with our leader. He always eats breakfast first, so I
told him if he just rinsed off his plate and left it on the counter, I could use that same plate for
my breakfast.”
“Why would you do that?” Takeba’s voice was as horrified as Akechi felt. “Just get your own
plate from the cabinet.”
“It’s going to be the same plate he used anyway!” Iori protested. “Why wash it twice when
we can share the dish and wash it once instead?”
“You don’t strike me as the sort of person who enjoys washing the dishes,” Akechi said dryly.
“What do you have to gain from this arrangement?”
“You’re missing the big picture.” Iori shook his head, wearing the expression of someone
who thought they were giving sage advice. “On mornings that I eat breakfast first, Minato
has to clean the plate instead. Now, instead of having to clean my plate every day, I only have
to do it some days.”
“That… is so wrong,” Takeba said.
“What’s so wrong with it?!” Iori demanded defensively as he got another plate from the
cabinet. It was, in fact, the same plate Akechi had Arisato put away. “We save time and soap
this way.”
“It just is! You don’t know what Minato ate on that plate!” Takeba stomped her foot on the
ground, as if that emphasized her point. Instead, it just made her seem childish. Akechi was
watching two immature children argue about dishwashing etiquette.
He agreed with Takeba.
“He eats toast religiously,” Iori said with an eyeroll. “Besides, he rinses it. He just doesn’t
wash it.”

“You know what?” Takeba brought her hand to her forehead. “I don’t have the energy for
this.”
She turned around and went back upstairs. Akechi wondered if she intended to eat any
breakfast either, or if in the midst of her argument, she had forgotten the whole reason she
went to the lounge to begin with.
“Come on, you get what I’m saying, don’t you Akechi?” Iori pleaded. “We’re just conserving
resources.”
“If that was actually your goal, I would agree,” Akechi said as politely as he was capable.
“But you’re just looking for a way to encourage laziness.”
“Wow. Cold.”
“I apologize for my rudeness,” Akechi said with a small bow.
“Nah, it’s fine.”
To his credit, Iori looked totally unfazed as he went about making his breakfast. Maybe he
was just so much of an idiot that he didn’t care what people thought of him.
Sanada and Kirijo came downstairs around the same time, just as Iori was half-way through
eating his burnt looking omelet.
“Mornin’,” Iori said mid-bite. Little pieces of egg flew from his mouth across the table as he
spoke.
“Don’t speak with your mouth full,” Kirijo said.
Iori swallowed sullenly. “Why is everyone on my case today?” he demanded. “Is it National
Scold Junpei day or something? Even the kid’s on my back.”
“Maybe you just deserve it,” Sanada said without missing a beat. He looked over at Akechi.
“Have you eaten anything yet?”
Akechi was not going to be fed by other people. He didn't need to be taken care of. He could
acquire his own breakfast.
“I’m not very hungry,” Akechi said cheerfully.
“Yeah, right,” Sanada snorted. “If you’re not hungry right now, then I’m a shadow.”
“I don’t see why it matters,” Akechi said carefully. “I can feed myself on my own time.”
Sanada hesitated a moment before nodding, much to Akechi’s relief. “Fair enough. Feel free
to take whatever you want from the fridge. And maybe grab some protein bars for later.”
Akechi bowed, grateful to be free of the subject. “I will. Thank you, Sanada-san.”

Kirijo cleared her throat. “The chairman is currently arranging your change in custody. Do
you wish to come with him to grab your belongings?”
“If that is not an inconvenience,” Akechi said. It had better not be an inconvenience; they
were his belongings.
“Not at all.” Kirijo wore a small smile, and Akechi wondered if that too was a show of pity.
“He’s already contacted your former guardians. He plans on picking up your things later this
afternoon.”
“Then, I suppose I will wait until then.” Just to get everyone off of his back, Akechi entered
the kitchen to grab something to eat. There was a large box of protein bars in the pantry.
Sanada clearly enjoyed having plenty of snacks on hand. Deciding to eat something a little
more fresh, Akechi took an apple from the fridge. “Do we know what room I will be staying
in?”
“Somewhere on the second floor,” Sanada said. He sat on the counter as he ate the bowl of
yogurt he prepared. “Most of the rooms there are vacant. You’ll probably get the one next to
mine, but it’s up to you.”
Akechi would ideally like a room closest to an exit, so that he wouldn’t find himself trapped
in case of an emergency. The second floor at least made it so that if Akechi was forced to
jump out of his window, he had a small chance of survival depending on how he landed. Of
course, that would be a last resort. And there should be a fire escape he could use instead.
“Very well.” Akechi bit into his apple and inwardly grimaced at the sudden burst of sourness.
He had forgotten that green apples were of a very different taste than the red ones. “I’ll
decide once I have all of my things.”
Ikutsuki chose that moment to come downstairs. “Ah, Akechi-kun, good morning.”
Akechi bowed respectfully. “Good morning, Ikutsuki-san.”
“I’m sure Mitsuru already told you, but we’ll be collecting your textbooks from your old
place today. I hope everything you learn will be apple-plicable to the fight against shadows.”
Ikutsuki chuckled as everyone else stared at him. Even Iori, who had been minding his own
business at that point, was staring at Ikutsuki with a mildly perplexed expression.
“Because he has an apple, get it?” Ikutsuki said, still chuckling.
Maybe Akechi gave this man too much credit. Anyone who made such terrible puns and
thought they were actually funny did not have the capacity for emotional manipulation.
Unless it was all a ploy to make Akechi think that way. It probably was.
Kirijo cleared her throat. “While we’re on the subject of you moving in, we should get you
situated with some gear. I know it’s already been established that you don’t need an evoker,
but you should still use a weapon of your choice while in battle.”

“I take it you have a way of acquiring such arms?” Akechi asked. Maybe he could get an
actual gun for fighting shadows.
“You got that right.” Sanada smirked. “We’ll also get you some better armor so that you don’t
end up crushed like me.”
“I sincerely doubt that would happen,” Akechi said in spite of himself. He wanted to tack on
that he could purchase his own equipment, but the fact remained that he could not. He needed
a weapon in order to be of any use of SEES if his stamina ran out. “I take it that everyone is
purchased a weapon when they join?”
“Of course,” Kirijo said with a nod. “Nobody in our group is allowed to go out unprepared.”
“Speaking of preparedness, it’s so refreshing to see you eating a healthy breakfast,” Ikutsuki
said. “Some of our members eat nothing but junk food all day.”
Sanada suddenly released a cough that sounded suspiciously like “Junpei.”
Iori slammed his hand against the table. “I heard that! Minato also frequents Wild-Duck
Burger every day, you know!”
“So you admit that you do not give your body proper nutrients?” Kirijo asked. “Iori, please
remember that our strength comes from ourselves. How can we withstand difficult battles if
we do not take care of our own bodies?”
“My body loves burgers. And Akihiko-senpai eats beef bowls all the time!”
“I also have a strict training regime,” Sanada pointed out. Having finished his yogurt, he got
down from the countertop. “Do you?”
“W-well, I walk everywhere.” Iori grinned sheepishly. “That counts for something, right?”
Speaking of walks… “Is there a nearby park with a good running course?” Akechi asked.
“I’m hoping to improve my stamina so that I can be less useless during battle.”
“Nobody would dream of calling you useless,” Ikutsuki said. “But endurance training is a
wise course of action.”
“There is a park nearby,” Kirijo said as Ikutsuki chuckled. “It’s right by the Naganaki Shrine.
Do you know where that is?”
“I do.” Akechi bowed. “Thank you, Kirijo-san.”
“Please, call me Mitsuru.”

The trip to collect his stuff was miserable, awkward, and almost quite dangerous. Ikutsuki’s
presence was the only thing that prevented the Fukuis from truly acting the way they would
like toward Akechi. He returned their kitchen knife to them as apologetically as possible,

saying that he was hoping to use it to cook a meal for Ikutsuki’s club. His apology was not
remotely accepted, and Akechi quickly went to his bedroom before his old guardians forgot
themselves entirely.
Akechi grabbed his schoolbag from the floor, which had all of his textbooks and homework
already in it. He never changed out of his uniform the day before, so he collected his day
clothes from the dresser drawers. He shoved them into the overly expensive suitcase that
Ikutsuki had given him for such an inconsequential occasion.
This wasn’t the first time Akechi hadn’t grabbed his things in preparation for leaving this
room forever. He remembered being grateful he’d never have to see that ridiculous painting
of the ocean ever again, as if that was the worst part of living in this wretched place.
After grabbing his toiletries from the bathroom, Akechi returned to Ikutsuki, who was
explaining the “highly advanced club” that Akechi had been permitted to join. The Fukuis
wouldn’t give a damn now that Akechi was no longer their responsibility, and Akechi was
more than happy to leave this place and never return.
“Thank you for taking care of me these past months,” Akechi said with a bow in the Fukuis
direction. “But I believe that Ikutsuki-san is on a tight schedule.”
Ikutsuki jumped to his feet with a bow of his own. “He’s correct. Thank you for your time.”
And with that, they both left the apartment. Akechi was free from the damned place.
But he wasn’t really free.
“We’ll try to have it so they can’t foster again,” Ikutsuki said seriously. “From what I could
tell, they weren’t adequate guardians.”
Akechi snorted inwardly. Even if the Kirijo group had that much sway, which they likely did,
the removal of one abusive foster home was akin to taking an ant from an ant pile.
“Thank you for your concern.”
They walked in awkward silence for a few minutes. Ikutsuki hummed to himself, and Akechi
pretended that he wasn’t walking into another trap.
“After you set up your room, if you’d like, I can show you the station where weapon supplies
are,” Ikutsuki said.
“I’m sure that won’t be necessary,” Akechi said. He was getting sick of Ikutsuki’s overlygenuine personality, and he would very much like a moment to breathe. “If you tell me where
it is, I can find it on my own time.”
“Alright, then. It’s at the police station at Paulownia Mall.”
Akechi nearly stopped in his tracks. “The police force knows about SEES?” he asked.

“Oh no, nothing like that.” Ikutsuki laughed. “This one officer, Kurosawa, has chosen to sell
weapons to us. He knows we save people from the shadows, even if he has no potential
himself. Weird, right?”
Weird didn’t even begin to cover it. Akechi would have chosen words closer to suspicious
and reckless. Who sold weapons to a bunch of teenagers?
At least Akechi didn’t have to worry about the law suddenly turning against them if it turned
out that Ikutsuki had ulterior motives, which he likely did.
“Indeed.”
Upon reaching the dorms, Akechi gave Ikutsuki a deep bow. “Thank you for your kindness.
I’ll return your suitcase when I’m done unpacking.”
“Don’t worry about it,” Ikutsuki said. “That was a gift. I wouldn’t dream of taking it pack.”
If Akechi heard another pun, he would smash this suitcase down upon Ikutsuki’s head.
“Thank you very much. I’m sorry for any inconvenience I’ve caused.”
“It’s no trouble at all. Do you need assistance unpacking?”
“I’m fine on my own. Thank you, Ikutsuki-san.”
Akechi had exhausted his quota for thanks in this conversation alone.
Devil Arcana; Rank 2

Ikutsuki had somewhere to be, so he didn’t join Akechi inside the dorm.
In the lounge, Akechi found Sanada sitting on the couch and reading. Sanada had been sitting
on that same couch when Akechi had left, and it hadn’t seemed like he had moved an inch
since then.
“Sanada-san, I apologize for interrupting you, but am I allowed to choose any room that isn’t
already occupied?”
“Yeah,” Sanada said, looking up from his book. “Tell Mitsuru which one you chose, though,
so that she can give you a key. I don’t know where any of that stuff is.”
“Thank you very much.”
“Don’t sweat it.”
Akechi ended up selecting the room closest to the stairs. He put his clothes inside the dresser
that was already there and shoved Ikutsuki’s fancy suitcase beneath the bed. He made his bed

with the sheets and blue patterned quilt he found in the closet. When he was done, he sat
down on his bed and looked around.
It was as bare and empty as any other room he had ever lived in. Only a clock sat on the
walls, ticking away mercilessly.
Akechi preferred it this way. As much as he hated feeling like a guest in a place where he was
meant to be at home, it made leaving all the easier. And one day, he would leave. It was only
a matter of time.

“So you have taken the first steps in the long journey ahead of you,” Igor said, grinning as he
always did.
Akechi had fallen asleep at a fairly reasonable hour, and he woke up in the Velvet Room. He
had to admit that the place was almost peaceful, between the different shades of blue and
haunting singing. Akechi might have relaxed if the place weren’t also entirely shrouded with
mystery.
Who was Igor? Who did he serve? Where the hell did the music even come from? What role
did these attendants play in all of this?
From his first encounter, Akechi gathered that asking questions straight out yielded no
results, so he kept his mouth shut. Igor was the sort of entity that enjoyed listening to the
sound of his own voice. Akechi trusted that he would keep speaking.
“I see that you have also formed some bonds along the way,” Igor said. He sounded
genuinely fascinated as he summoned some tarot cards into existence. “Let’s see here…
Excellent! You have already connected to six other souls. The Fool, The Moon, Strength,
Justice, Death, and The Devil. A truly diverse set.”
“Wait a minute,” Akechi said. “You know about that voice?”
Igor chuckled. “Your bonds with others can grant you new power. It is imperative that you
connect with others on your path, or you will never reach your full potential.”
Akechi did not want to be preached to about the power of friendship. “Is there something else
you wanted to talk to me about?”
“Only to remind you of the importance of your bonds, and to congratulate you on the
progress you’ve made. Oh, and one more thing.”
Igor held out his palm, and a key appeared in it with a flash of blue light.
“Take this key,” Igor said. “It will allow you to enter this place outside of the realm of sleep.”
Akechi carefully took the key, inspecting it carefully. It looked like any other door key,
except that it was blue. Did that mean that there were doors leading to this place in the real
world? How had nobody noticed them before?

“Until we meet again.”
The Velvet Room faded into nothingness, and Akechi woke up with a blue key in his pocket.

Akechi hadn’t made time to go to the police station on Sunday. Fortunately for him, Arisato
was too tired to issue an exploration of Tartarus. Kirijo explained that Arisato was the one in
charge of such things, and Akechi found it a wonder that the group ever explored Tartarus.
Arisato always looked tired.
“You haven’t known him long,” Kirijo said with a small smile. “We’re always at our most
exhausted after a big operation. Eventually he’ll brighten up.”
Akechi had yet to see any evidence of “brightening up” the next day. It was a school day,
which meant everyone was frantically eating breakfast at the early hours of the morning.
Takeba and Iori were arguing about some inane topic of which weapon was “cooler.” Sanada
was bouncing on his toes for “extra training” while he ate his yogurt. Kirijo sipped at her tea
from the sofa, her school bag already sitting beside her feet.
Arisato was asleep on the couch.
“Isn’t he going to eat anything?” Akechi asked, glancing at the clock. They would all have to
leave imminently, and he had yet to see Arisato prepare any food.
“He’ll probably eat a protein bar on the monorail or something,” Sanada said. “I’ve seen him
do it a couple of times.”
“He was out all night, too,” Kirijo added, her voice dipping into concern. “He looks a bit
sick.”
She wasn’t wrong. There was a sickly pallor to his skin. Akechi wondered what he had been
doing all night.
“Well, it can’t be easy summoning multiple personas,” Iori said from across the room, clearly
having given up on his argument with Takeba. “I’d feel wiped out too.”
“He can summon multiple personas?” Akechi asked. He had only seen Arisato summon Jack
Frost in battle, but he had thought it odd that his persona lacked the uniqueness that the others
had. Arisato had been prioritizing physical attacks as well, come to think of it. How had
Akechi not noticed Arisato was a wildcard sooner? It was the only conceivable reason that he
would be chosen as leader.
“That’s right,” Sanada said. “I hadn’t even realized that sort of power existed until he came
along.”
“Neither did I,” Kirijo said, closing her book. “I honestly envy his ability.”
Arisato chose that moment to open his eyes, but his expression wasn’t wearing the smug
pride Akechi expected of him. “Is it time to go to school?” he asked.

“Right on time!” Iori said, tossing a protein bar toward Arisato. Arisato sat up just as the bar
hit him on the head. “Whoops.”
“You’re hopeless,” Takeba sighed.
Akechi was the most mature person in this room, and to the eyes of the world he was a tenyear-old amidst a sea of teens.
Maybe this was hell.
School was about as eventful as it ever was. Yamamoto had recovered from whatever illness
she had been suffering from, and Akechi returned to walking home from school with her.
Amada made a point to outpace them before Akechi could think about inviting him to walk
with the two of them. It spared Akechi a social ordeal, but he wasn’t sure how he was meant
to further his “bond” with Amada if Amada was dead set on avoiding him.
After returning to the dorm from school, Akechi dropped off his books at his room before
heading directly to Paulownia Mall.
Upon his arrival, Akechi wasted no time in finding the police station. It was noticeable
enough, being nestled amongst various cafes and shops. Akechi entered, and he found a stern
looking officer sitting behind the counter.
“How can I help you?” the officer asked.
Akechi approached the counter and cleared his throat. “I work with Sanada and Kirijo,” he
said. “I thought I would browse your stock.”
The officer raised his eyebrows. “What’s your name?”
“Akechi Goro.”
Kurosawa nodded. “Good. Sanada called me ahead of time so I would be prepared. Hard to
believe a kid like you is mixed up in whatever war you’re fighting.”
“You provide weapons and you don’t understand the full extent of the situation?” Akechi
asked, feeling disgusted. “Isn’t that irresponsible?”
“Sanada tried to explain it a while ago, and I only understood every other word that left his
mouth.” Kurosawa leveled Akechi with an iron stare. “I do know that the world goes to shit
starting at midnight, and you kids are trying to stop it. Not to mention that your group has
already managed to rescue a few missing people. That’s a miracle within itself. And if you
need some weapons to make that miracle happen, I’m willing to provide.”
Akechi blinked at such a resounding declaration. Did SEES rescue missing people? If so,
Akechi’s respect for them went up marginally.
“I don’t have much yen to purchase anything with at the moment,” Akechi admitted. “But I
thought I would take a look at your wares so I can tell one of the others my weapon of
choice.”

Kurosawa handed Akechi a piece of paper. On it, there was a list of various weapons that
Akechi was free to choose from. None of those options included a gun, which was probably
for the best. If Akechi had a real gun lying around, and someone thought it was an evoker–
A shudder involuntarily wracked through Akechi’s body.
The most preferable option would be a saber, and Akechi did see that Kurosawa had a few in
stock. Why this man had so many weapons of so many varieties was a mystery to Akechi, but
he supposed he shouldn’t complain.
Although, the fact that he willingly sold these weapons to teenagers was still suspect.
Akechi returned the piece of paper and thanked Kurosawa for his time before departing the
store. He’d tell the others what he wanted and trust that they would provide. After that point,
Akechi wasn’t sure if he was responsible for purchasing his own weapon upgrades, or if
Arisato behaved similarly to Akira and bought everyone their gear himself. If that was the
case, Arisato’s wallet must be quite bare. None of those weapons were cheap.
As Akechi stepped outside of the police station, he spotted a strange blue glow from the back
alley of the mall. It was probably just a light from some sign, but something about that shade
of blue was… familiar.
The key in Akechi’s pocket pulsed uncomfortably, and Akechi realized with no small amount
of dread that the light must be coming from an entrance to the Velvet Room. Akechi was in
no mood to deal with Igor and his cryptidness. But he also had a feeling that if he didn’t, Igor
would only hijack his dreams again.
Akechi entered the back alleyway. Sure enough, a glowing blue door sat in front of the back
wall. If it weren’t clearly a portal into an alternate dimension, Akechi would wonder why a
door was sitting by itself in the middle of a back alley. Did nobody else see it?
Akechi approached the door slowly, taking the key from his pocket. As soon as Akechi got
close enough, the key practically yanked itself into the keyhole. It turned with a short click,
and the door swung open. Akechi couldn’t see the room inside, only an overwhelmingly
bright blue light. For all Akechi knew, this doorway actually led to some other dimension that
existed to kill him.
“What are you waiting for?” a passive aggressive voice of a woman asked. “You’re letting a
draft in.”
“He doubts our intentions,” the voice of Theodore said. “Perhaps there are other doors that
lead to danger in the real world.”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” the woman said. “The only doors with magical powers in the human
world don’t lead to dangerous places.”
What were they talking about?
“Fear not, our dear guest,” Theodore said. “We mean you no harm.”

Well, it definitely was the Velvet Room. Although, Akechi questioned why Igor hadn’t
bothered to shut up their blabbering by this point.
Akechi took a deep breath and stepped into the brightness. Instantly, Akechi could hear the
increasingly familiar music of this place, and the elevator room came clearly into view.
Akechi also noticed that Igor wasn’t there.
“Guest, tell Theodore that there are no portals to other dimensions in the human world,”
Elizabeth said disdainfully.
“There are so,” Theodore said. “What of those attics? I’ve read many pieces of literature that
speak of that dimension of mystery and danger.”
“Attics aren’t alternate dimensions, they are a sacred place of solitude,” Elizabeth argued.
Why were these two supernatural beings arguing about something so inane? And how did
they not already know the purpose of attics to begin with?
“Attics are for storage,” Akechi said blandly. “You put your extra crap in them.”
Theodore’s eyes widened, and his face flushed red. “I-I knew that! It’s a dimension for those
extra belongings.”
“No it is not.” Elizabeth rolled her eyes. “It is a place of solitude. Your extra items only make
it more mysterious and sacred.”
“Didn’t you hear me?” Akechi snapped. “It’s just a place for your stuff. That’s it. It’s not an
alternate dimension.”
“F-fine! But what of those employee-only areas?” Theodore asked. “No ordinary human is
allowed to go there.”
“Because they’re for the attendants of that establishment,” Elizabeth said. She sighed.
“Honestly, brother, how can you be so unknowledgeable? The only supernatural doors are
those doors that open without humans needing to touch them. I’d love to see the force that
operates them.”
“Akechi, I must see these doors. If you may, would you show me around–”
“Show us around,” Elizabeth interrupted.
“I hate to sound uncouth, but Akechi-san is my guest.”
“You came with me and Minato around the mall,” Elizabeth grumbled, crossing her arms.
“You insulted the spirit of the wishing fountain.”
The what?
“Where’s Igor?” Akechi asked, finally getting a word in edgewise.

“Oh, he’s dealing with very important affairs,” Theodore said. “He’ll return soon.”
Not soon enough.
“What sort of affairs?” Because Akechi wasn’t stupid enough to not notice how vague
Theodore’s explanation was.
“Not even we know everything our master gets up to–” Theodore began saying.
“He’s speaking with his master,” Elizabeth interrupted, not looking a bit ashamed of herself.
“But that’s all we’re allowed to know.”
“E-Elizabeth!” Theodore looked like he was going to faint. “You shouldn’t say such things.”
“He never said we couldn’t tell the guests where he went,” Elizabeth said. “He should be
more clear next time.”
“Nonetheless, I-I–” Theodore became so flustered that he turned toward Akechi with an
apologetic bow. “I apologize for my sister’s poor behavior. I understand if you never want to
take us to see the magical doors.”
Akechi could not even begin to fathom what had just happened. He did know, however, that
Elizabeth seemed to be the best source of information Igor didn’t necessarily want Akechi to
know. It might be worth trying to form a relationship with her.
Theodore might be an obstacle, but Akechi had a feeling Elizabeth didn’t give a damn what
Theodore thought.
“I’ll show you automatic doors another day,” Akechi said, because he didn’t have the
emotional energy for any such outing at that moment. “And I accept your apology, of
course.”
Elizabeth snorted derisively. “You have the most two-faced guest I’ve ever seen, Theo.”
“Now, Elizabeth, that is not a very polite way to speak about the guests.”
“You said so yourself; he’s not my guest.”
Theodore pinched the bridge of his nose, looking properly frustrated with his sister. Elizabeth
smiled smugly.
“Anyhow…” Theodore smiled at Akechi. “Thank you for your kindness. I eagerly await the
day you show us these auto-mechanical doors.”
“Automatic.”

“Thou art I… and I am Thou

Thou hast established a new bond…

One that furthers thy voyage for redemption

Thou shalt be blessed when creating
Personas of the Judgement Arcana…”

“How intriguing,” Elizabeth said. “It’s not every day that you form a social link toward two
people at once, much less with beings such as ourselves.”
“Judgment… It fits; I suppose,” Theodore conceded, bringing his hand to his chin
thoughtfully.
This was the first time Akechi had heard anyone speak so openly about one of his new
“social links”, and it was a bit of a relief. At least, he didn’t have to pretend that he hadn’t
heard a mysterious voice come out of nowhere.
“Understanding and self-reflection?” Akechi recalled what he had read about the judgment
arcana during his research. “Do either of you do much of that?”
“There’s little else to do in this room all day, now is there?” Elizabeth asked with a small
scowl. “We do nothing but self-reflect.”
“And what have you decided?”
“I won’t bore you with the details.”
Elizabeth wasn’t any more forthcoming with her self-reflection, and Theodore had his “my
purpose is to serve you” crap. Akechi decided that unless he was going to take the attendants
to the outside world right then and there, he had no more reason to be in the Velvet Room.
After exchanging some pleasantries, which Elizabeth sniffed at, Akechi left.

Chapter End Notes

One thing I love about persona 3 is the fact that the party all lives in the same dorm and
shares each other's space all the time. Idk it's very found family of them. But also I
imagine opportunity for shenanigans.
I had a lot of fun writing Elizabeth in this fic.

Sometimes this fic is more real to me than canon. I guess that's what nine months of
working on it does to you.
Btw I'm giving Minato most of the male party member social links because they're more
interesting than say Kenji.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments (feel
free to correct typos). <3
BINGE READERS: I suggest you take a minute to drink some water, walk around the
room, or breathe. Just a suggestion. Feel free to ignore me. <3

Chapter 6: May 11–13, 2009
Chapter Summary

Akechi collects phone numbers like pokemon
And makes a new friend!

Chapter Notes

tw: blood, injury, gun violence, references to death, ptsd, trust issues

See the end of the chapter for more notes

When Akechi returned to the dorm, only Kirijo sat in the lounge. She read the same book she
had been reading that morning, and she looked up when she heard Akechi enter.
“Welcome back,” she said.
“Thank you.” Akechi wondered if she welcomed everyone who entered the dorm. “I visited
officer Kurosawa this afternoon. I couldn’t afford anything, but I would find a saber
preferable, if possible.”
“I’ll deliver the message to Arisato,” Kirijo said. She put her book down. “Have you been
settling in alright?”
What was this, an interrogation?
“The dorms are very comfortable,” Akechi said diplomatically. The company… well, it made
Akechi grateful the Phantom Thieves hadn’t all lived together.
“I’m glad to hear it.” Kirijo leaned forward, clasping her hands together. “There’s actually
something I’ve been meaning to speak to you about for some time now, if you’re willing to
listen.”
“Some time” could only be approximately two days. Kirijo hadn’t known him any longer
than that.
“What is it?”
Kirijo stood up and bowed deeply. “I wanted to apologize for our conduct when you first
joined our ranks. Iori was failing to follow orders, and my abilities weren’t strong enough to

detect your presence. Arisato’s still new at being a leader, so he didn’t take enough initiative
as well. I’m sure you think us all inexperienced fools, but, I assure you, we are taking every
effort to make sure that next time, such mistakes do not repeat themselves.”
When she was done, she took a deep breath. She clearly had been mulling over what she was
going to say for the past two days. While Akechi could appreciate the acknowledgement of
SEES’ many faults, he also wondered why she thought that Akechi, an apparent ten-year-old,
would notice such things.
“I hardly noticed at all, Kirijo-san,” Akechi said brightly. “But apology accepted.”
“You don’t have to flatter me, Akechi-kun,” Kirijo said, tucking her hair behind her ear as she
sat back down. “I know you wouldn’t have felt the need to intervene if our abilities had been
adequate. We should have been protecting civilians, not requiring their help. I’m sorry that it
came to that.”
“Perhaps you’re not completely wrong,” Akechi conceded, playing the part of a modest child.
“I accept your apology regardless. It’s clear you work hard to keep SEES running cohesively.
It’s a wonder you’re not the leader.”
Kirijo exhaled, and her shoulders relaxed. “That’s a relief to hear. And, as much as I would
love to take the leadership role, Arisato’s tactical sense is far better than mine. You should see
him at Tartarus.”
“I suppose I will.” Akechi nodded. “But you’ve been in SEES longer than Arisato, correct?”
“Yes.” Kirijo leaned back into the sofa cushions, looking thoughtful. “It was just me at first.
Of course, SEES didn’t exist back then.”
“When was SEES formed?”
“I don’t know if I can remember exactly when. Sometime in middle school, I believe, back
when Akihiko first joined.”
Akechi had more questions, but they could wait. If Kirijo had secrets, she’d get more and
more guarded if Akechi kept interrogating her.
“Well, I should go get started on my homework. If you’ll excuse me, Kirijo-san.”
Mitsuru let out a small laugh. “Didn’t I tell you before? You can call me Mitsuru.”
Akechi was not one for using given names, but he also didn’t want to anger Kiri– Mitsuru by
ignoring direct orders.
“Mitsuru-san,” Akechi said.
“Better.”
“Thou art I… and I am Thou

Thou hast established a new bond…

One that furthers thy voyage for redemption

Thou shalt be blessed when creating
Personas of the Empress Arcana…”

The next day, Akechi returned home from school to see Ikutsuki sitting in his usual armchair.
He smiled and stood up as Akechi approached.
“Ah, Akechi-kun, I was hoping you’d stop by,” Ikutsuki said smilingly.
“Is something happening?” Akechi asked. Ikutsuki didn’t live at the dorm, and he only
seemed to be around when it came to SEES business. Of course, Akechi had only been a part
of SEES for a few days, but that was what Mitsuru and Sanada had made him understand.
“Nothing terri-ble, as far as I know, at least.” Ikutsuki reached into his pocket. “As a matter
of fact, I think you might find this information terri-fic.”
Ikutsuki pulled a flip phone out of his pocket and held it out to Akechi. Akechi stared at it.
“It’s a cell phone?” he asked.
“That’s right. Better yet, it’s your cell phone now.”
Akechi frowned and glanced up at Ikutsuki. The last time anyone had gifted him a cellphone, it was one of Shido’s drones. Akechi was certain the thing had been closely
monitored, and so Akechi only ever used it for calls that he knew Shido would approve of.
When Shido asked why Akechi was wasting so much time taking the leader of the phantom
thieves to the aquarium, Akechi had insisted it was a vital part of gaining Akira’s trust. Shido
never questioned it again. He had better things to do than to read every single one of Akechi’s
text messages. He had other people for that.
It made sense that Shido was so suspicious of him, especially now that Akechi knew that
Shido knew Akechi had been planning on killing him. The thought still stung. That
everything Akechi had sacrificed was ultimately futile.
The same was likely true here. The only problem was that Akechi didn’t know half as much
about Ikutsuki as he did about Shido. He was entering this relationship uninformed. What
would Ikutsuki consider betrayal? What would he consider good? Did Ikutsuki suspect him?
Had Akechi ever given any indication that he didn’t trust Ikutsuki?

“I’m not sure I understand,” Akechi said, hoping he could gauge more of Ikutsuki’s
intentions. If he could at least know what the phone was meant to be for on paper, he could
pretend he was the good little kid that Ikutsuki wanted. “Why are you giving me such a
generous gift?”
“To communicate, of course.” It was the vaguest response Ikutsuki could have chosen.
“Mitsuru told me you didn’t have a phone, and that won’t do at all. What if there’s an
emergency? And besides, kids your age should be able to contact your friends outside of
school, don’t you think?”
Ah. This was yet another item purchased so that Akechi could be a functional member of
SEES. Akechi would primarily use it for missions, in that case. It wouldn’t hurt to
occasionally text an acquaintance, since that’s what Ikutsuki expected from him. Besides, if
Ikutsuki thought Akechi was busy with a social life, he wouldn’t think that Akechi was onto
him.
Akechi wished Ikutsuki would stop giving Akechi gifts. He now officially owed Ikutsuki,
which could prove disastrous later.
Akechi took the phone and bowed. “Thank you for your generosity, Ikutsuki-san. Surely,
there must be some way I can repay you.”
“The work you’re doing for SEES is more than enough,” Ikutsuki said. “I’m sure you’ll
prove an invaluable part of the team.”
Akechi wondered what would happen if he proved himself a useless member of the team.
Would he get kicked out? Would everyone treat him as a burden? These were all
hypotheticals, of course. Akechi had total faith in his ability to destroy shadows. He’d been
doing it for years. Still, the implications were worth considering.
“In that case, I will do my best.” Akechi tried to look nervously eager. That’s usually what
adults wanted to see in inexperienced but determined children. “Thank you.”
“That’s all I can ask for. After all, I’m useless in battle.” Ikutsuki chuckled to himself, even
though he hadn’t said any pun that Akechi could decipher. “Here, let me give you my
number.”
Devil Arcana: Rank 3

“You got a phone?” Yamamoto asked excitedly when Akechi asked for her number. “That’s
awesome! Now I can call you for homework help!”
For a moment, Akechi had almost forgotten that Yamamoto had an ulterior motive for being
his friend. It was honestly a refreshing reminder.
“Exactly.” As they exchanged numbers, Akechi reminisced at how easy it was to type on a
smartphone. And how much bigger the screen was. And how they were superior in nearly

every way.
The only reason Akechi had asked for Yamamoto’s number was due to the words of Igor the
last time they spoke. If it was true that Akechi could gain new power from “ranking up” these
“social links”, then it was in Akechi’s best interest to do so. The next logical step was to get
each of his link's phone numbers. This had the added benefit of making him seem like an
ordinary elementary schooler in the eyes of anyone who might be monitoring him.
He already acquired Mitsuru and Arisato’s phone numbers that morning. Mitsuru agreed that
Akechi should be able to easily contact someone from the dorm. Akechi barely needed to say
a word to Arisato before Arisato gave Akechi a slip of paper with his phone number on it.
Then again, if he was also a wild card, he had social links of his own and came to the same
conclusion as Akechi.
Akechi would have to track down Aragaki later, assuming Aragaki had a phone. And he
could grab Amada as they left school.
“Speaking of homework,” Yamamoto said. She launched into a barrage of questions about
the assigned reading. It was all fairly simple to answer, and Yamamoto seemed truly
astonished at Akechi’s brilliance. Then again, she always was.
After school, Akechi spotted Amada walking a little way past them.
“If you’ll excuse me,” Akechi told Yamamoto. “I’ll be right back.”
Yamamoto nodded, looking slightly confused, and Akechi jogged after Amada.
“Just a moment, Amada-kun!”
Amada turned with a small frown, looking confused. “What is it? Aren’t you going to walk
home with Yamamoto?”
Akechi could detect a tinge of bitterness in Amada’s voice, and he couldn’t stop himself from
responding in annoyance. “Nobody’s stopping you from joining us.”
Amada glanced down at his shoes. “Oh.”
“That was rude of me. I’m sorry.” Akechi pulled his phone out of his pocket, feeling like a
child collecting autographs from celebrities. “I recently got a phone, and I was hoping we
could share numbers.”
“Oh, um, sure!” Amada took Akechi’s phone and put himself in as a contact. He handed the
phone back to Akechi, his expression brighter than before. “Is, um, that all you needed?”
“For now.” Akechi shoved his phone back into his pocket. “I hope we can get together some
time. I enjoyed your company last week.”
“Oh, I guess I did too.” Amada shrugged nonchalantly. “I suppose we can hang out
sometime.”

“Excellent.” Akechi turned back toward Yamamoto. She was standing patiently a few feet
away, and Akechi didn’t want to aggravate her. “And Amada?”
“Yeah?”
“I meant what I said before. If you want to walk home with us, you’re free to do so.”
“Oh. I’ll think about it.”
Akechi nodded, pretending not to see the smile that was slowly forming across Amada’s face.
He returned to Yamamoto’s side.
“Sorry for the delay.”
“It’s no problem!” Yamamoto said. “Did you walk home with Amada-kun when I was sick?”
Akechi raised his eyebrows. “You heard that?”
“I have good ears.” Yamamoto grinned confidently. “I don’t mind if he walks with us either.
He’s cool.”
“You barely know him.”
“Yeah, but he doesn’t laugh at me when I say something weird,” Yamamoto said. “And I’ve
been told I say a lot of weird things.”
Akechi hadn’t personally noticed anything about her behavior that was too out of the
ordinary. She was a bit energetic, sure, but she wasn’t anything close to the levels of energy
that Sakura and Sakamoto could put out some days.
“You’re not weird, Yamamoto-kun,” Akechi said. Annoying perhaps, but so were most
children her age. There was nothing weird about that.
“You think so?”
“You really think I would lie to you?”
“Maybe. I bet you can lie really well.” Yamamoto smiled, arching her back. “But thank you.”
It seemed that Yamamoto was more perceptive than Akechi previously gave her credit for.
He’d bear that in mind.

Akechi stopped by the dorm only long enough for him to drop off his school bag and change
out of his uniform and into his gym clothes. After getting directions from Sanada, he headed
straight to the park so that he could go on a run. Hopefully, he could make a daily routine out
of the workout.

Before Akechi left, Sanada stopped him and thrust five protein bars into Akechi’s hands.
“These help me when I train. It keeps my energy up,” he said. “I thought you might want to
use them.”
“Isn’t five a bit much?” Akechi asked, more than a bit confused.
“You don’t have to use them all at once.” Sanada shrugged. “But they come in handy."
Akechi thanked him and shoved the protein bars into his pocket. He wasn’t very partial to
eating that kind of thing in the middle of a run, but he wasn’t going to tell Sanada that.
The run was more difficult than Akechi anticipated, but it could have gone worse as well.
Akechi stuck to his goal of not walking, which led to him jogging quite slowly instead. Still,
the whole goal was to build up stamina, and endurance was just as good as speed when it
came to fighting. When it came to especially powerful enemies, not having enough endurance
could lose the fight.
By the time Akechi finished the second mile, he was dripping in sweat. He would have to
stop soon, lest he pass out, but he wanted to keep going for as long–
A familiarly tall figure ran past him, and Akechi recognized the curly black locks of one
Kurusu Tsuyoshi. He had almost disappeared from view, but Akechi wasn’t about to let him
get away so easily. Akechi had questions and Tsuyoshi better provide some answers.
Akechi picked up his pace, ignoring the way his lungs constricted in pain. Tsuyoshi always
ran just out of reach. He knew exactly what he was doing, keeping Akechi strung along.
Akechi briefly considered giving up on the chase, but what if he lost his opportunity to figure
out what Tsuyoshi really was?
Akechi continued his pursuit, and as he rounded the next corner, he spotted Tsuyoshi sitting
on a park bench, drinking from a water bottle. Akechi slowed to a stop in front of him, trying
not to sound too out of breath.
“Hello there,” Tsuyoshi said. “Fancy meeting you here.”
“Why are you here?”
Tsuyoshi raised his eyebrows innocently. “I can’t go on a run?”
“I just think it’s a strange coincidence that you happened to run at the same place and the
same time as I decided to go on a run.” Akechi crossed his arms. “Do you want something, is
that it?”
“Wow, so testy.” Tsuyoshi held out his water bottle. “You should have a sip. I heard
dehydration makes people cranky. Or being hungry. I see something really bulky in your
pockets. Could that be food?”
“I don’t want your disgusting water.” As if Akechi was going to risk getting poisoned so
easily. “I want answers.”

“I like that you’re training,” Tsuyoshi said, ignoring Akechi completely. “I mean, the weak
don’t survive in this wicked world of yours, right? Only the strong have what it takes.”
World of yours? What was that meant to mean?
“I don’t see how that has anything to do with what I’m asking you,” Akechi said.
“Ah, but it has everything to do with what you asked me.” Tsuyoshi put his water bottle down
and glanced up at the sky. It was a particularly cloudy day, and Akechi couldn’t make out a
speck of blue amidst the gray-toned white. “You asked if I wanted something. I want to know
how long a weakling like you can survive this dark and scary world.”
Akechi clenched his fists. “I’m sorry?”
“Oh, did I say something?” Tsuyoshi stood up and laughed. “Ignore me. I have a bad habit of
acting cruel as a way of pretending I’m not as pathetic as everyone else.”
“Do you want me to kill you?”
Tsuyoshi shrugged. “Here, let’s make a deal–”
“I’m not making any deals with you.”
Tsuyoshi raised his arms in surrender. “Okay, okay. No deals. But I’ll throw you a bone
anyway. If you really want to find out more about me, search that creepy tower that appears
in the middle of the night. I’m sure you’ll find something.”
“What do you have to do with Tartarus?” Akechi asked, but Tsuyoshi had already turned
around and started running in the other direction. Akechi had half a mind to chase after him
but thought better of it. He didn’t want to look desperate.
Besides, Tartarus was a far better hint than any of the cryptid messages Tsuyoshi had said
before. Although, Akechi had no idea where to even begin when it came to searching that
place. He hadn’t even been inside yet.
Fool Arcana: Rank 2

Arisato didn’t take them to Tartarus that night either.
Akechi was beginning to feel quite frustrated. The others were quite certain that reaching the
top of Tartarus was the key to getting rid of the Dark Hour. And yet, no matter how patiently
Akechi waited, Arisato seemed dead set on avoiding the place. He re-entered the dorm for all
of five seconds before exiting again, muttering something about going to the arcade.
“Does he always do that?” Akechi asked in exasperation. He was still wearing his gym
clothes from his run earlier. Due to his anticipation of his Tartarus trip, he hadn’t wanted to
wear his school uniform to fight shadows. He thought he’d take a shower after they returned.

Apparently, that plan fell through quite spectacularly.
“Um, yeah, he does,” Iori said apologetically. He was sitting on the sofa, reading manga.
“Usually he stops to talk with us for a little bit, though. I wonder what his hurry is.”
“He’s just sick of you trying to bring up girls over and over again,” Takeba sighed from the
kitchen table.
“He is not!” Iori protested. “I’ve heard him laugh at many dirty jokes of mine!”
“Oh, that’s flattering,” Takeba said sarcastically with an eye roll. Akechi was inclined to
share that sentiment. Iori was reminding Akechi more and more of Sakamoto as the days
wore on, and that was definitely not a good thing.
“Please don’t fight,” Sanada said tiredly. He was doing pushups in the corner of the lounge.
“You guys keep making me lose count.”
“Oh, um, sorry.” Iori looked back down at his manga, but he closed it only a few moments
later with an exaggerated sigh. “Nope. Can’t focus today.”
Everybody continued minding their own business. Akechi himself was doing the last of his
math homework, which he had a bad habit of procrastinating on, mostly because it was so
easy.
Iori sighed again.
“What do you want, Junpei?” Takeba snapped.
“I’m so glad you asked, Yuka-tan.” Iori jumped to his feet, looking excited. “We should play
something to pass the time! How about Shiritori?”
“Seriously?” Takeba sighed. “We don’t exist to entertain you, Junpei.”
“Aw come on, it’ll be fun.” Iori turned to Akechi pleadingly. “How about it, Akechi-kun?”
Iori was giving Akechi enough of a headache without Shiritori, which was a word game,
being thrown into the mix.
“I should actually take a shower and go to bed,” Akechi said as politely as possible. “Maybe
another time.”
With that, Akechi collected his books and marched upstairs to his room. The peace and quiet
was a welcome surprise, and Akechi decided that no amount of power from social links could
convince him to stay in the lounge for longer than ten minutes. Those children could not stop
talking to save their lives.
As Akechi collapsed on top of his bed, his phone began ringing. Akechi didn’t recognize the
number, and he ignored the call.
The phone began ringing again. It was the same number.

Akechi sighed and flipped open the phone, accepting the call.
“Hello, Akechi-kun,” Theodore said from the other side of the phone.
“Theodore?” Akechi asked, sitting up suddenly. “How the hell did you get my number?”
“Please do not be angry,” Theodore said, actually sounding guilty. “I discovered that you had
finally acquired a cellular device of your own, and I thought I would give you a call so as to
tell you I can now contact you.”
“But how did you get my number?”
“Elizabeth found it on Arisato’s phone,” Theodore admitted. “He took Elizabeth out this
afternoon. I, unfortunately, was not allowed to come along, but she did give me your number.
Isn’t this marvelous news?”
“Just… fantastic.” Akechi exhaled through gritted teeth. “Is there anything else you need?”
“Not currently, no. But please, next time you go to Tartarus, give us a visit. We can show you
how to fuse personas.”
“Marvelous.”
Theodore hung up, and Akechi glanced at his phone in exhaustion. He was not thrilled at the
idea of Elizabeth spying on him through Arisato. He could hardly believe that Arisato was
condoning such behavior. Although, knowing Elizabeth, she could probably pickpocket
Arisato’s phone with Arisato being none the wiser.
However, that phone call reminded Akechi that he should consider trying to find Aragaki that
night. Even if Arisato wasn’t going to take them to Tartarus, there was nothing stopping
Akechi from going out into the Dark Hour on his own. The shower could wait.

“Where are you going?” Mitsuru asked.
Exasperation threatened to overwhelm Akechi as he let his hand fall from the knob of the
door leading outside. He turned around toward Mitsuru, who was staring at him sternly.
“Out.”
“It’s dangerous to go out on your own at night, especially so close to the Dark Hour.”
Akechi almost rolled his eyes, but thought better of it. “Shadows rarely leave Tartarus during
the Dark Hour, and I can handle myself perfectly well at night. You don’t have to worry
about me.”
Mitsuru hugged herself, glancing down thoughtfully. “I’d hate for there to be an emergency,
and for you to be caught out on your own. Maybe someone should come with you.”

“I appreciate your concern, but I’m sure it will be fine.” Akechi was about to smack
something. He thought he would gain some semblance of freedom if he turned to dorm life,
and yet he was still being restricted.
“You should at least have a weapon on hand, just in case,” Mitsuru said.
“I can’t carry around a sword when it’s not the Dark Hour,” Akechi said. His patience was
waning. “I’d get arrested.”
“The Dark Hour starts in a few minutes,” Mitsuru said, jumping to her feet. “I’ll grab the
saber Arisato bought.”
“If this is because I’m a child, I assure you–”
“Your age has nothing to do with it,” Mitsuru said briskly, already halfway to a back room in
the lounge. Akechi followed her reluctantly. “Anyone wandering around alone during the
Dark Hour is at risk.”
“It’s highly unlikely that any shadow will attack, and even if there is, I can handle it myself.”
“That sort of thinking gets people killed,” Mitsuru said, her voice deadly serious.
Akechi said nothing. It was clear that arguing on this point any longer would yield little
results. Besides, technically speaking, Mitsuru was quite right in protecting any
inexperienced ten-year-olds from wandering around at the time of night when shadows had
the potential to attack. Akechi still allowed himself to be incredibly frustrated. Hadn’t he
proven himself powerful enough to stand on his own?
Mitsuru stepped into the room full of weapons and gear and handed Akechi his Saber.
“It might be a little long,” Mitsuru said. “Arisato tried to get one your size.”
Akechi held it in his right hand. It was slightly heavy, but not enough that Akechi wouldn’t
be able to fight with it. If Akechi only felt slightly disjointed with the weapon in his nondominant hand, then the saber would be perfectly adequate when in his left hand.
“This will do nicely,” Akechi said. “Thank you.”
The lights suddenly turned off, leaving everything in a green-toned glow.
“It seems the Dark Hour has begun,” Mitsuru said. “If you’re not back before the end of the
Dark Hour, call me and I’ll have someone come pick you up. This sort of thing is part of the
reason I informed the chairman that you didn’t have a phone.”
“You’re the reason Ikutsuki-san gave me a phone?” Akechi asked, his suspicion toward
Mitsuru rising. As the daughter of Kirijo Takeharu, she could easily be in the know about the
Kirijo group’s true intentions for SEES.
“It’s only prudent that everyone can contact each other, especially in this line of work.”

Akechi nodded. It was clear that she took her role in all of this seriously, whatever all of this
actually was. “Thank you for your concern,” he said. “I will be careful to return before the
Dark Hour ends.”
Mitsuru sighed with a small smile. “Where are you going at this hour anyway?”
“I would like to keep that private, if that’s possible.”
“Is it dangerous?” Mitsuru asked, her eyes narrowed.
As if Akechi would tell her regardless. “No.”
“Very well. Keep your secrets. But if I find out you’re doing something reckless, there will be
serious consequences.”
Akechi nodded and bowed before finally escaping the dorm. He wouldn’t pretend he wasn’t
grateful to have an actual weapon, but he was still irritated that Mitsuru felt the need to
interfere at such a large level. No matter what she said, there was no way that she would have
been such a mother hen over any of the others.
Akechi didn’t need to be taken care of. He hadn’t needed anyone for a long time.
Empress Arcana: Rank 2

Akechi hadn’t the slightest clue as to where he might locate Aragaki, but he figured he would
check the same places as always. He typically found Aragaki closer to the Iwatodai station,
so Akechi headed in that direction first.
After about twenty minutes of strategic wandering, Akechi finally heard the sound of voices.
They didn’t sound particularly familiar, and none of them were Aragaki. Akechi hesitated. It
might be reckless to go toward the sound, but he would never know if he didn’t investigate.
Besides, he was capable enough to handle a few simpletons messing around. If they decided
to attack, Akechi would give them his worst.
Akechi began to slowly approach, and the voices slowly got louder.
“Any last words?”
“What the hell’s–”
The sound of a gunshot set Akechi immediately on guard, and he instinctively checked his
own body for bullet holes. No such injuries existed, of course. Nobody had pointed the gun at
him.
Akechi tightened his grip on his sword. He had no idea what was going on, but it was clear
that regardless of their reasons, these strangers were dangerous. Not everyone had the
boldness to murder someone in cold blood.

Not everyone was Akechi.
“The Dark Hour will soon be over,” the first voice from before sighed. “It’s always so short.”
“Don’t be so dramatic,” a girl’s voice said. “It always returns, does it not?”
“I suppose that’s true. Jin, are there any more jobs for tonight?”
“That’s all of them,” a new voice, Jin, replied. “I’m sure more will come tomorrow.”
“They always do.”
Mercenaries, then. Akechi made a soft noise of disgust. To kill without conviction or cause
just encouraged the senseless violence that plagued the world. Then again, in a twisted sense,
Akechi had been nothing but Shido’s mercenary. The only thing that set Akechi apart was his
determination to end Shido’s entire existence.
The footsteps were growing closer to Akechi, and Akechi quickly ducked into a back alley.
His saber scraped against the brick wall. Akechi cringed at his carelessness.
The footsteps stopped. “Who’s there?” the first person said.
“Did you hear something, Takaya?” the woman asked.
“Hush.”
The footsteps resumed, getting closer and closer to Akechi’s location. If he waited much
longer, Akechi would be discovered.
As much as Akechi would like to learn more about this rogue group running around the Dark
Hour, Akechi wasn’t prepared to get killed for his curiosity. Akechi turned around, prepared
to sneak out the back alley.
There was no exit. The back alley was quickly interrupted by more wall.
Damnit. The footsteps were still getting closer, and he surely made his location all the more
obvious by his moving around. There was little hope of Akechi hiding successfully. If Akechi
wanted to keep hold of any of his pride, he’d be better served to walk out into the open and
act as though he had control of the situation.
Akechi took a deep breath and tightened his grip on his sword. He refused to act like a
cowering child. He arched his back and stepped out of the alley.
He found himself staring at a shirtless man who was so malnourished that Akechi could
probably count every bone on his body. His skin was pale enough that Akechi wondered if he
ever saw any sun. His blonde hair was shoulder length, and his eyes were a golden hue,
although not quite the same supernatural hue that Akechi could detect in Tsuyoshi’s.
“Ah, a child,” Takaya said, his lips turning downwards slightly. “Have you come to kill us,
little boy?”

“Call me little one more time, and maybe I will,” Akechi said coldly.
Takaya wasn’t riled up by Akechi’s statement. As a matter of fact, he seemed pleased if the
laughter was anything to judge by.
“Oh, I like you.” Takaya used the gun in his hand to point at Akechi. Akechi forced himself
not to take an instinctive step back, but he kept a careful eye on where that barrel was
pointed. “You have the same power as us, do you not?”
“And what power might that be?”
“There’s no need to act coy; I have no intention of killing you.” Takaya smirked. “Besides, I
could see it in your eyes just now. You’re just like us, aren’t you?”
Akechi had no idea what this man was talking about, but he knew he didn’t like it. “Just like
you?”
“You understand that there is only one thing in life worth fearing. Just as you understand that
everyone’s lives are as insignificant as the shadows that haunt this place. Tell me, what is
your name?”
Akechi had just met this group of mercenaries, and now they wanted his name? Just because
of Akechi’s expression? How stupid did they think Akechi was?
“I don’t think that’s any of your business.”
“Hm, I suppose I cannot fault you for being cautious,” Takaya said. “There are plenty out
there who would try to take advantage of your power.”
“But death is nothing to fear,” the woman said. “Besides. We have no intention of killing
you.”
“If you do not trust us with your name, then we shall entrust you with ours,” Takaya said.
“My name is Takaya.”
Takaya looked at the man wearing a green jacket and glasses, who Akechi assumed was Jin.
Jin crossed his arms, giving Akechi an angry looking expression that might just be his resting
face.
“It’s Jin.”
“I’m Chidori,” the woman, Chidori, said without any prompt from Takaya.
“We’re Strega,” Takaya said.
“You’re mercenaries,” Akechi observed, not bothering to hide the disgust in his tone.
“There’s no need to be so judgmental,” Takaya said, looking almost hurt. “We’re just using
our power as we see fit. Do you not do the same?”

“I don’t kill for sport.”
“It’s not a game to us either,” Jin said. “Nobody in this world is innocent. Surely you know
that.”
Akechi did. He knew it all too well.
“I don’t need your excuses,” Akechi spat. “People like you only infect the world further.”
“Do you include yourself in that description?” Chidori asked. “You threatened us awfully
confidently if you haven’t killed before.”
“I have nothing to do with this,” Akechi said, even as old reasons and platitudes rose up in
his mind. It was to stop Shido. It was to make Shido realize just how powerless he was. It
didn’t matter how many people he had to kill or who. The world was better off without Shido,
and Akechi wanted to make him suffer.
That sort of reasoning fell flat after Akechi held a gun to Akira’s head and fired, even if Akira
just turned out to be a cognition.
“Can you really infect an infection?” Takaya asked.
“Let me rephrase.” Akechi held out his sword so that the tip of it hovered slightly over
Takaya’s chest. “I’ve never felt a scrap of regret for killing scum like you.”
“That’s hypocritical,” Jin scoffed.
“And highly unfortunate.” Takaya sighed, pointing his gun at Akechi’s head. Akechi froze at
the sound of the safety clicking off. “I don’t want to kill you, but it is self-defense.”
“If you shoot that thing, I will make you wish you were never born,” Akechi hissed.
“An inconsequential threat,” Takaya said dismissively. “If you turn around I’ll spare you.”
“I’m not a coward.”
“Very well, then.”

“Thou art I… and I am Thou
Thou hast established a new bond…

One that furthers thy voyage for redemption

Thou shalt be blessed when creating

Personas of the Hermit Arcana…”

Akechi didn’t have time for this.
He thrust his sword forward. Instead of embedding his blade into Takaya’s heart, however,
Takaya dodged smoothly out of the way. Akechi stumbled forward, the weight of the saber
throwing him off. Takaya pulled the trigger.
The gun echoed in the same way it had before, just louder. Akechi’s ears began ringing as the
bullet entered his side, and he could barely feel the burst of pain that sprouted forth.
Akechi could barely think after that. Everything felt distant. Blurry. The only thing he knew
was his determination to slaughter Takaya with everything he had.
With a scream he could barely hear, Akechi ran forward. He thrust his saber forward,
intending to stab Takaya in the stomach. Instead, a persona stood in Akechi’s way, and an
electric attack caused Akechi to jump backwards.
Two could play at that game. He summoned Loki without a second thought, and an explosion
of almighty magic caused all three of them to fall backwards. Sweat dripped down Akechi’s
face, but he prepared himself for another attack.
Akechi realized that the three of them had left just before he summoned Loki. He stopped
himself just in time, narrowly avoiding causing himself to pass out. With a bullet in his side,
that would have spelled Akechi’s death.
Akechi took some furiously deep breaths as he brought his hand up to his side in an attempt
to stop the bleeding. Neither Loki nor Robin had any healing abilities, and Akechi hadn’t
thought to bring any restorative items. He hadn’t imagined he’d be fighting mercenaries
when he went to look for Aragaki.
Mitsuru was never going to let him go outside again.
There was still time before Dark Hour ended. Akechi just needed to find something to eat. He
patted down his pockets with his free hand frantically, and his hand made contact with
something rectangular.
Of course. The protein bars Sanada had given him earlier that afternoon still sat inside his
pocket. Akechi collapsed to his knees, feeling faint from a combination of using his persona
and the blood loss.
Without hesitation, Akechi unwrapped one of the protein bars with trembling fingers slick
with blood. Restorative items typically got rid of any foreign objects that entered one’s body
as a part of the healing process, and Akechi trusted that it would be no different here if the
bullet was still lodged in his side. He shoved the bar into his mouth, chewing and swallowing
so hastily that it threatened to come right up.

Immediately, the pain in his side lessened, but not a great deal. Akechi yanked another
protein bar out of his pocket, unwrapped it, and shoved it into his mouth.
By the time Akechi made it through all five protein bars, only a lumpy scar remained of his
injury. Unfortunately, it seemed Akechi’s shirt was not quite as lucky. Blood stains covered
the thing, and no amount of bleach was going to change that.
How the hell was he going to hide this incident from Mitsuru?
Akechi sighed, his breathing far more shaky than he would prefer. The Dark Hour was surely
almost over. He should return to the dorm before he got arrested for carrying around a sword
in public.
When Akechi returned, Mitsuru wasn’t in the lounge. Akechi had no idea if she was in the
bathroom or asleep, but he wasn’t about to complain. He quickly crept upstairs to his room.
He’d find a way to deal with his blood-stained shirt in the morning.

Chapter End Notes

Akihiko: how do I subtly give the malnourished child food
Akihiko: i know! i'll just shove it into his hands
said child: uses the food to hide a gun wound

Fun fact: Takaya was not originally going to be a social link. I had to rework the line-up
after I realized he was becoming way too important maybe 100k words into writing the
fic
Also I know it's taking a million years to leave the month of may but i swear the other
months are only like 20k words each. (and then november is super long again but shhhh)
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments (feel
free to correct typos). <3

Chapter 7: May 14–17, 2009
Chapter Summary

akechi pretends nothing strange happened last night
and also gets a tutorial

Chapter Notes

tw: ptsd, references to blood and violence, references to suicidal behavior, 'cause its p3

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Akira stared at the gun in his hands, frowning. “You got shot?”
They were standing in the aquarium. The entire ceiling was covered with glow in the dark
stars. In the distance, Kitagawa stood on a ladder, painting more on.
“No need to belabor the point,” Akechi said dryly, watching a clownfish get eaten by a shark.
He wondered why the two were even allowed in the same tank to begin with.
Akira pointed the gun at him, and Akechi tensed. “How did they do it?” Akira teased. “Why
didn’t you just dodge?”
“It’s not actually easy to dodge a bullet.” Akechi crossed his arms. “Not that you would
know, seeing as that is all you seem able to do.”
“I’m not going to apologize for escaping death from your hands,” Akira said. He hadn’t
lowered the gun. “Why didn’t you dodge?”
“I was caught off guard. What do you want me to say?”
His cognitive self from Shido’s palace took Akira’s place. He tilted his head with a blank
smile. “You could’ve fought harder to destroy me,” he said. “Instead, you just laid down
and–”

KNOCK KNOCK

Akechi fell out of his bed in a spectacular display of refinement. His entire body smacked the
hard-wood floors, badly jostling the bruise that remained from Akechi’s bullet wound.
Akechi hissed and nursed his side, as though that would do much of anything.
“Akechi-kun? Are you in there?”
It was Takeba. What did she want at this hour? Akechi glanced at the clock on his wall. It
was only–
8:00 am. Akechi was usually awake at least an hour before that. Admittedly, after Akechi had
taken his much-needed shower to wash the blood and sweat away from his skin, he had all
but passed out on top of his bed. He hadn’t even bothered to get underneath the sheets.
“I’m here,” Akechi said, just to assure Takeba he wasn’t dead. “Just a moment.”
Akechi frantically put on his school uniform, grabbing his books and shoving them into his
bag. He wasn’t disastrously late quite yet, and if he acted with haste, he could make it to class
before it was too late.
“Everyone else has already left,” Takeba said. “We thought maybe you left super early, but I
thought I’d check anyway.”
“That was very kind of you,” Akechi said, swinging open the door. Takeba looked startled by
Akechi’s sudden appearance. “But there’s no time to waste. If you’ll excuse me.”
Without another word, Akechi jogged down the stairs and exited the dorm, not bothering with
breakfast. Breakfast was irrelevant when he was going to be late.

Akechi barely made it to class on time. Everyone else was already seated and prepared for the
first lesson by the time Akechi burst through the classroom door, breathing heavily.
Yamamoto waved at him as happily as ever, and Akechi collapsed into his seat.
“I thought you might not be coming,” Yamamoto said. “What happened?”
Akechi stared studiously at his hands, trying to hide his embarrassment. “I’m afraid I slept
in.”
“Oh, okay.” Yamamoto smiled. “It happens to the best of us.”
Yamamoto was a strange creature indeed. Everyone knew that sleeping in was about as
crummy an excuse as laziness. Sleeping was laziness.
The lesson started without any more commotion, but Akechi couldn’t help but to be
perturbed by his unusual behavior. How had he slept up to such an abhorrent hour? Normally,
he automatically woke up around 6 am at the latest. Admittedly, last night had been abnormal
and stress inducing, but Akechi hadn’t thought it bad enough for him to nearly sleep through
the entire day.

It wouldn’t happen again. Akechi wasn’t going to let something as inconsequential as a
stressful night cause him to lose face. He was better than that.
After school, Akechi put his gym uniform back on and headed to the park. In spite of his
strange encounter with Tsuyoshi the day before, he wasn’t about to hold back on his training.
And his encounter with Strega only proved that Akechi wasn’t strong enough to face his
enemies. He refused to fall behind.
Akechi left his bloodstained shirt in his room, putting on his everyday shirt instead. He’d
dispose of the gym shirt later, when nobody was there to ask why Akechi’s shirt was stained
with blood.
As Akechi walked to the park, he spotted Amada walking in his direction. Amada’s eyes
widened upon seeing him, and he waved. Akechi slowed to a stop.
“Hello, Amada-kun,” Akechi said. “What brings you out here today?”
“Oh, um, I came to visit the shrine.” Amada shrugged.
“Understandable. I was just heading to Kirijo Park. It has remarkable running trails.”
“You run?” Amada asked, his voice a mix of admiring and astonished. “Isn’t that hard
work?”
“How else am I meant to become stronger?”
“That’s a good point.” Amada nodded to himself. “The other kids at my dorm might be
impressed if I start working out too... Not that I care what they think.”
“Of course not.” Akechi had half a mind to end the conversation then, but Igor’s words about
the power of bonds echoed in his mind.
Pathetic.
“How is dorm life?” Akechi asked, trying to seem as friendly as possible. “I’ve recently
moved into a dorm, and I’ve found that it’s a bit overwhelming.”
“It’s fine.” Amada looked toward the ground, shoving his hands into his pockets. “Everyone’s
nice. But I mean, it’s not really home, though, you know?”
“Yes,” Akechi said quietly. “I do.”
“I mean, of course it’s not home, it’s a dorm.” Amada chuckled awkwardly. “But I miss
having a place where I feel like I belong. It’s um… more peace and quiet too. Less sharing.”
Amada’s face flushed, and he put on a brave smile. Akechi was surprised that Amada had
been so vulnerable with him at all.
“I understand exactly what you mean,” Akechi said, deciding it couldn’t hurt to return some
of that vulnerability. “I haven’t had a place where I felt at home for a very long time.”

Except, perhaps, in an old cafe that always smelled like a mixture of curry and coffee. But
that place had no place in Akechi’s life anymore, and Akechi refused to reminisce on the
unattainable.
“Yeah.” Amada cleared his throat. “Well, I should get going. And you have your, uh,
remarkable running trails.”
“Of course. Have a good day, Amada-kun.”
Justice Arcana: Rank 2

The following day, Akechi returned home from school only for Mitsuru to shove a briefcase
into his hands.
“What is this?” Akechi asked.
“It’s your evoker,” Mitsuru said. “Arisato informed me that we are all going to Tartarus
tonight, and I thought you would want one, just in case.”
Akechi was not going to shoot himself in the head. He refused. He didn’t care if it was some
supernatural weapon that allowed him to summon his persona. He was not going to do such a
thing.
“That’s very kind of you, Mitsuru-senpai, but I can summon my persona without an evoker
well enough.”
“That may be.” Mitsuru crossed her arms. “But you passed out the last time you used your
persona. It’s very possible that you will use less stamina if you use an evoker like the rest of
us.”
Akechi hated the idea so much that he had half a mind to find the nearest fire pit and drop the
suitcase inside. Mitsuru wouldn’t likely be amused by that, unfortunately for him.
“Very well,” Akechi sighed. “Do I have to aim at my head?”
“Most of us do,” Mitsuru said. “But I suppose you could try to aim at other parts of your
body. The persona sprouts forth partly from the emotional stress that comes with pulling the
trigger, after all.”
Akechi’s grip on the briefcase tightened. Whoever decided that this was the best way to
summon their persona was out of their goddamn mind.
Goro’s mother hadn’t had a gun, but that didn’t matter in the end.
“Thank you,” Akechi said, not meaning it at all. “But we are going to Tartarus today?”
“That’s correct.” Mitsuru nodded. “You might want to take a nap before then. I always feel
exhausted after spending a night at Tartarus”

“That won’t be necessary, I assure you.”

Akechi was exhausted.
Tartarus was a labyrinth on the level of Mementos. The floors of Tartarus were smaller,
obviously, but they felt more unpredictable than Mementos’ subway levels. It felt like every
five seconds, Akechi was suddenly split up with the group, or everything was pitch black, or
that the floor was filled with nothing but extremely dangerous shadows.
Of course, part of his exhaustion was due to Akechi’s stubbornness when it came to not using
the evoker. He could summon Loki and Robin just fine without one.
“Just fine” might have been a bit of an exaggeration. He couldn’t cast one spell without
feeling like he was about to throw up. But every spell he cast instantly killed all the enemies,
so it was worth it.
Not in the eyes of the others, it seemed. Arisato gave him about five soul drops with the stern
warning of, “Don’t waste your energy.”
Mitsuru’s voice echoed in all of their ears when she said, “Akechi, please at least try and see
if using the evoker helps.”
Eventually, Akechi had little choice but to use the evoker.
They were up against a particularly powerful enemy, and not even two all out attacks were
enough. Arisato was trying to kill it with light skills, but hama constantly missed. Akechi
himself was low on energy. There was no way he’d be able to summon Robin normally in his
current state.
He took his evoker in his left hand and pressed it against his temple. His heart clenched, and
his breathing grew shallower as he fingered the trigger.
Akechi pulled the trigger.
The sound of glass shattering roared in his ears, and he could feel Robin automatically rise up
from within him. It felt just as natural as when he had a mask in the metaverse.
“Robin Hood!”
Robin seemed all too eager to finally enter the fray, casting bless magic on the enemy. It
disappeared with a burst of smoke, and Robin bowed before disappearing.
Nausea still churned in Akechi’s stomach, but he didn’t feel like he was about to faint. It
seemed Mitsuru was correct. Using an evoker to summon a persona did take up less energy. It
was as though the evoker was doing half of the work for Akechi.
Why did it have to be a gun?

“Woah, that didn’t look anything like the light skills that Minato uses,” Iori said, jogging up
to Akechi.
“And was that… another persona?” Takeba asked. “Are you like Minato?”
The three of them looked toward Arisato, who was currently messing around with some cards
that had appeared out of nowhere. It was the first Akechi had seen them, and he walked
toward them for a closer look.
The cards were floating in the middle of the air, shuffling themselves. They stopped in place
suddenly. Arisato picked up a card, and the others disappeared. The card Arisato picked up
shattered soon after.
“What just happened?” Akechi demanded.
“We got money from the fight.” Arisato pointed to a pile of yen at his feet. It was definitely
not there before.
“I can see that.” Akechi said. He inhaled deeply through his nose. “I meant, where did the
cards come from?”
“Oh, they just appear after we have a really good fight,” Iori said. “Pretty neat, huh?”
“Minato’s the only one who can choose, though, unless…” Takeba glanced at Akechi
uncertainly. “Do you have the same ability as Minato?”
“Maybe,” Akechi said elusively.
“You can try to take a card during the next shuffle time,” Arisato said. “Then, we’ll see.”
It took two more battles for another shuffle time to occur. The cards appeared in between
Arisato and Akechi, as though unsure which would choose. They stood face up, each with
their own unique symbol. One of a sword, one of two coins, and one of a persona that looked
familiar from Joker’s arsenal.
After a few seconds, the cards flipped over and began shuffling themselves. After they
stopped, Akechi picked up the card that had the persona symbol on it.
Akechi successfully took the card. A strange voice that didn’t sound unlike the social link
voice whispered in his head.
The power of Eligor is yours. Lend him the strength of your heart.
The card shattered in Akechi’s hand, and Akechi’s chest constricted as he felt the presence of
another persona within his core. Eligor, was it? That was certainly one of the personas that
Joker had used. Did all wildcards use the same personas?
It was strange to have more than Robin, Loki, and Hereward’s power at his command. Near
the end, Joker had twelve personas in his control at once. How did he stand it? Even now,
Akechi felt as though his soul was too crowded.

Iori whistled. “Wow, I guess he is like our leader. Watch out, or this kid will take your spot!”
“Don’t call him ‘this kid’, Junpei,” Takeba sighed. “That’s just impolite.”
Arisato shrugged, and Akechi pretended he wasn’t ticked off by Iori’s statement. “You can
take control of the shuffle times, if that’s most preferable to you,” Akechi said. “I’d hate to
get into your way.”
“We’ll take turns,” Arisato said simply. And so they did.
Apparently, the card with the sword represented weapons. Akechi got a new saber out of one
of them, but mostly the weapons were weak and useless. Arisato said that they were good for
selling.
The coin cards, unsurprisingly enough, gave the group money. Arisato split it up between the
four of them, much to Akechi’s relief. Now, he would be able to buy a new gym shirt without
blood on it. He’d also stop having to operate on so much charity.
The cards with the leaves gave them more clarity after the battle, which made future battles
slightly easier. The cards with cups restored some of their health. The cards with the bullet
holes did absolutely nothing.
And then, of course, there were the cards with the personas.
Those cards were rare enough, but Akechi acquired two more personas throughout the
duration of the night. It was not easy to get used to the presence of more power. For an
absurd moment, Akechi wondered if the power was going to explode out of him.
But it didn’t. Everything stayed exactly where it belonged, and Akechi was able to switch
between personas in battle with the same ease that he switched between Robin and Loki.
There was no dramatic change in outfit, no pain or exhaustion. It almost felt natural.
Akechi hadn’t tried to summon Hereward yet. Akechi knew he was there, nestled between
the new hosts of personas at his command. But, for some reason, the thought of summoning
him seemed wrong.
It was a bit unsettling to know that Akechi had the same power that Joker had this entire
time. Why had nobody come to him? Igor had entered his dreams now, sure, but what of back
when Akechi first discovered his power? During that final semester, Akira had briefly
explained that the metaverse had been taken over by some evil deity, and that was why
Morgana was born. Was that also why Akechi was left to the dirt?
It wasn’t fair. But, then again, Akechi had already known that.
When they finally returned to the entrance, Arisato walked straight up to the Velvet Room
door that sat in front of the foot of the staircase. He opened the door and stepped inside, and
Akechi followed him.
Since the last time Akechi had visited, Igor had returned to his rightful place behind his table.
Whatever it was that he spoke with his master about, he clearly didn’t consider it anything

worth discussing with Akechi or Arisato.
“I was wondering when both of you would come at once,” Elizabeth said. “Now, Theodore,
you can explain to your guest about fusions.”
“Of course.” Theodore cleared his throat and proceeded to tell Akechi that he could
essentially destroy two or more of the personas in his arsenal in order to create one more
powerful persona. The definition was alarming, but it logically tracked with the basic concept
of fusion to begin with.
“Are you done now?” Arisato asked. “I’d like to fuse Unicorn and Gurr please.”
“Ah, the star arcana,” Igor said, looking pleased. “You are nearly half way through with
creating an unbreakable bond with your social link of the star arcana. The resulting persona
will receive additional power.”
So this is what Igor meant by his bonds granting him power.
Akechi watched with no small amount of fascination as Igor summoned two persona cards
into existence. An array appeared beneath the cards before the room was filled with a burst of
light. Akechi blinked, and a brand-new persona floated where the cards once were.
Neko Shogun introduced itself before turning into a small ball of light and rocketing itself
into Arisato’s chest. Arisato didn’t look remotely perturbed by this.
“The more personas you create, the more you fill up this book.” Theodore patted the large
tome that sat in his hands. “The persona compendium. For a monetary fee, you may call back
personas that were once in your possession.”
“What do you do with the money?” Akechi asked. “You don’t seem to leave this room.”
“You never know when we might need to infiltrate the human world and grant offerings to
your various fountains,” Elizabeth interjected. “Besides, not just humans appreciate the value
of wealth. Don’t you know that?”
It’s true that sometimes Joker would bribe shadows with yen in negotiations. Akechi had
thought it odd, but as long as they weren’t dead, he wasn’t about to complain. Joker got new
power. The shadow disappeared. Akechi lived another day. Everybody won.
More or less.
“I suppose I do.”
Arisato fused a few more personas of his own before he let Akechi try it. Akechi was slightly
wary of the entire process, and he resolved not to fuse any of his original personas. Those
personas were a core part of himself, and he wasn’t willing to let them go, especially not into
Igor’s hands.
After Akechi was finished, he and Arisato both exited the Velvet Room at the same time.
Upon returning to the entrance, he found that everyone was giving the two of them worried

looks.
“Are you two alright?” Mitsuru asked.
“We’re fine,” Arisato said. “Just spaced out.”
“At the same time?” Iori asked. “Talk about creepy.”
Nobody else could see the Velvet Room? That made sense, of course. Akechi should have
realized that the others could still see him if he entered the room. That’s why Joker always
looked so spaced out at the entrances of palaces.
Akechi was never going to enter the Velvet Room in the presence of other people ever again.
He refused to look like an airhead.
“Sorry for worrying you,” Akechi said. “But we’re both perfectly fine.”
“I guess you have to have some strangeness to compensate for awesome powers,” Iori
reasoned, shoving his hands into his pockets. “So, are we going to go deeper in?”
Mitsuru shook her head. “The hour’s almost over. We should head back.”
Another strange part about Tartarus. They could only ever explore it one hour at a time, so
exploration was much slower than it ideally should have been. And Akechi had learned
nothing new about Tsuyoshi or Tartarus all the while.
Akechi hated this place.

The following night, Akechi went out during Dark Hour again. This time, he was fortunate
enough to actually locate Aragaki a few blocks away from the dorms. He was wandering the
streets slowly, looking bored.
“Oh, it’s you,” Aragaki said, when he finally saw Akechi. His eyes landed on the sword and
evoker that Akechi was carrying. “So, you joined SEES, huh? What happened to the not
needing teammates thing?”
“Shut up,” Akechi snapped. “I need them to get into Tartarus. That’s all.”
“Sure.”
“You’re rich.” Akechi snorted, rolling his eyes. “You were the one who recommended I go to
them in the first place.”
“Do I look upset?” Aragaki stopped walking and leaned against a nearby wall. “I’m glad you
took my advice.”
“You have a funny way of showing it.” Akechi stopped a few feet away from Aragaki. “Why
did you quit?”

“Who said I quit?” Aragaki said in a tone that was way too defensive for someone who
hadn’t quit.
“You know Sanada quite well, as well as the true nature of SEES. This means that you were
at least introduced to the operation. Additionally, you have a persona of your own. I can’t
imagine the chairman would give up a persona user so easily. Thirdly, you told me yourself in
one of our previous conversations.”
Aragaki grit his teeth and made a frustrated noise from the back of his throat. “What are you,
a detective?”
“Maybe.” Akechi smiled elusively. “Why did you quit?”
“That’s my own business. I never ask you personal questions.”
This was true. It was one of Aragaki’s best traits. “Fine, then. Don’t tell me.”
Aragaki sighed. “What are you even doing out here anyway? It’s dangerous.”
This again? Between Aragaki and Mitsuru, Akechi was tempted to intentionally put himself
in danger just to spite the two. But Akechi got into enough trouble without trying to find it, so
he wouldn’t push his luck.
“I have weapons,” Akechi said. “I think you’re awfully bold to tell me to be careful when
you’re wandering around the Dark Hour with nothing but your jacket and hat when
mercenaries have claimed this territory.”
“You know about Strega?” Aragaki asked. This time, he looked genuinely alarmed. He sat up
from the wall he was leaning against, looking ready to jump into a fight at any minute.
“I had a rough encounter with them, yes.” Akechi scowled. “Takaya tried to recruit me.”
“He tried to recruit–” Aragaki brought his hand across his face. “Oh, who am I kidding? Of
course he did, the bastard. Look–”
“I didn’t join them; I’m not stupid.” Akechi rolled his eyes. “They don’t give a damn about
who they kill. I’m not interested in that.”
“Good for you, I guess.” Aragaki still looked concerned. “You should stay away from those
guys. They’re nothing but trouble.”
“I kind of figured that out for myself.” Akechi glanced over his shoulder.
“What happened?”
“I don’t see how my battles are any of your business–”
“You fought him?!”

“Drop it.” Akechi pulled his phone out of his pocket. “If you really wanted to know why I
came here, it’s because I wanted to get your number. Ikutsuki decided to give me a phone,
and I’m collecting contacts.”
“And you want to contact me?” Aragaki said doubtfully.
“Why shouldn’t I?”
“We’ve had a total of four conversations at most.” Aragaki raised his eyebrows. “All during
the Dark Hour too. You know that phones don’t work during Dark Hour, right?”
“Yes.” Akechi put his phone back into his pocket and pulled out a piece of paper and pencil.
“Look, if you don’t want to have my number, that’s fine, but my reasons for asking you for
yours are my business.”
“Like when you got shot?”
“I did not get shot–”
“If you fought Takaya, you got shot. If he used his persona, you’d be dead right now.”
“You have that little faith in my abilities?” Akechi asked, irritated.
“No, I just know that Strega isn’t something to kid around with.”
“I didn’t get shot,” Akechi lied. “Are you going to give me your number or not?”
Aragaki took the paper and pen from Akechi and used the nearby wall as a surface to write
on. He scrawled down a phone number in sloppy handwriting and handed it back to Akechi.
“I hardly use my phone, so don’t get mad at me if I never answer your calls. You have better
people to waste your time on anyway than me.”
“Most people don’t waste their time on me, either. You’ll find I have slim pickings,” Akechi
snapped, shoving the piece of paper into his pocket. “Thank you for your time.”
Akechi turned around and began walking away. Behind him, Aragaki called out, “And stay
the hell away from Strega!”

The next day was Sunday, marking a full week since Akechi joined SEES. Akechi decided he
would celebrate the occasion by going out all day.
With his newly acquired yen, Akechi purchased a new gym shirt. He also bought a large
package of protein bars. Although Akechi never wanted to re-experience shoving the multiple
protein bars in his mouth at the same time ever again, he couldn’t deny that it had saved his
life. It would be in Akechi’s best interest to stock up, and he didn’t want Sanada to get angry
if Akechi stole from the box in the pantry.

After Akechi finished shopping, he went to the Velvet Room entrance at Paulownia Mall.
Even with a new collection of contacts on Akechi’s phone, nobody had bothered to make
plans with him. Akechi figured that it would be in his best interest to entertain Elizabeth and
Theodore long enough to stay in their good graces.
Besides, the power of a bond between Akechi and two powerful entities had to be worth
something. Even if they were just going to observe how automatic doors worked.
Akechi hadn’t quite realized what he had gotten himself into until the two attendants stepped
foot into the human world. They had hardly made it two steps out of the mall before
Theodore gasped in utter delight.
“Is that a cat?”
Theodore pointed to a stray cat that was sitting contentedly on a bench. It blinked lazily at the
three of them, likely wondering why Theodore was shouting so loudly.
“Oh, what a momentous occasion,” Elizabeth said. Her voice was full of reverence. “Cats are
noble creatures who care not for the desires of humans.”
Unless, of course, the cat was determined to become human.
“And the humans bow to their every whim.” Theodore bowed to the cat. “Your excellency,
pardon my intrusion.”
“It’s a cat,” Akechi said exhaustedly.
“Precisely.” For once, Elizabeth wasn’t disapproving of her brother’s antics. She gave the cat
her own bow. “We will leave you to your rest, oh magnificent one.”
Akechi hurriedly herded the two away from the cat, lest they start creating a scene.
“If you love cats so much, do you just hate dogs?” Akechi asked.
“Of course, not! Dogs are loyal protectors of humanity, and the best friend of all of man,”
Theodore said. He sounded like he was reciting a lesson. “They serve as humanity’s primary
security system.”
“As loyal as dogs are, not all of humanity is foolish enough to rest their hopes on a single
animal,” Elizabeth said, shaking her head. “But I do hear they make marvelous companions.”
Theodore’s face flushed. “Well, dogs protect their humans, so I was not completely wrong.”
Akechi led the two to a nearby department store in which the doors were automatic. “Are you
ready to see these doors?” Akechi asked.
“Of course!” Theodore straightened with a wide smile. “I’ve always wanted to see these
things. Oh, how ingenuitive humans can be.”

“You haven’t even seen them yet.” They were still a few feet to the side of the doors. While
Akechi could see people coming in and out of the store, they didn’t have a clear view of the
automatic doors actually opening and closing.
“Yes, but I can just picture it.”
“I wonder if the door requires any offering as a request for its service,” Elizabeth mused.
“That’s what you humans do for those who serve you, is it not?”
“That won’t be necessary,” Akechi said instantly. He was not about to be publicly humiliated
because of these two. “The best thing to do is to walk through the doors as silently as
possible. You can exclaim over them after we are back outside.”
Elizabeth nodded silently.
“Very well,” Theodore said. He bounced on his toes, probably literally moments away from
jumping for joy. “Shall we commence, then?”
Akechi took the lead as they marched into the department store. The doors slid open as they
approached, and Theodore sucked in a breath. Elizabeth remained perfectly composed. As
soon as they made it inside, Akechi led them out the doors. They slid and closed open again.
Theodore sucked in a breath again. Elizabeth once again said nothing.
They reintegrated with the general populace as they walked up the sidewalk back in the
direction of the mall. Theodore finally regained his voice.
“That was incredible!” Theodore said. “How do they work? Are there pressure plates on the
ground that indicate the doors must open? Genius!”
“I detected no such plates,” Elizabeth sniffed. “Although I couldn’t sense the presence of any
particular spirit either. Perhaps a different type of magic is used on those doors.”
Akechi pinched the bridge of his nose. “There’s a camera above the doors. The camera
detects movement. The doors open. The end.”
“Oh.” Theodore fidgeted with his gloves. “I knew that.”
“You did not.” Elizabeth crossed her arms. “You and your guest are perfect for each other.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“We both lie to save face,” Akechi said bluntly.
“I-I do not lie! I simply… exaggerate the facts sometimes. They are not remotely the same
thing.”
Elizabeth sighed. “There is actually one more request I would make of you, Akechi, if you
feel so inclined.”

Akechi took a deep breath and gathered all of the patience that was still left within him.
“What’s that?”
“I would like to see a human elevator,” Elizabeth said. “The kind that the Velvet Room is
currently fashioned after.”
“It looks exactly the same as the Velvet Room, but smaller and less nice.”
“All the same, I would like to see it myself.” Elizabeth smiled. “I’ll reward you generously.”
Akechi narrowed his eyes. Was he really going to waste more of his afternoon escorting these
two around?
There was a reward in it, though. Probably money.
“Fine.”

“You were not kidding when you said the elevator was small,” Theodore observed as they all
crowded in next to each other.
“Which button do I press?” Elizabeth asked, frowning. “Our elevator has no buttons. It runs
on its own. I find it disappointing that the human world is not the same.”
“It’s not like it can read minds,” Akechi said.
“It’s clear that we must press this button in order to go horizontally through the building.”
Theodore pressed the button that kept the elevator doors open for longer. “The arrows say
so.”
“Nothing’s happening,” Elizabeth said. “Are you sure you know what you’re doing?”
“The elevator only goes up and down,” Akechi said. “The numbers represent which floor you
want to exit onto.”
“Ah. I see.” Theodore pressed the three. The elevator doors eventually closed, and the
elevator jerked slightly underneath them as it began to go up.
“How uncomfortable,” Elizabeth said. “Our elevator creates a much smoother trip.”
“Are we almost finished yet?” Theodore asked.
“We just started.” Akechi crossed his arms. “But yes, we’re almost finished.”
The elevator stopped with a small but sudden movement. Theodore let out a yelp of surprise
as the elevator doors slid open.
“Well, that was certainly exciting,” Theodore said. “Let’s do it again.”

“Yes, let us see if this elevator can go any faster,” Elizabeth agreed. “It only went at a rate of
five seconds per floor this time, but perhaps another trial can make it go at a speed of three
seconds per floor.”
“What a marvelous experiment.” Theodore pressed the one with renewed vigor.
Akechi bit his tongue to stop himself from screaming.
The twins went up and down the elevator a total of seven times, much to Akechi’s utter
mortification. They were like toddlers, taking joy in the simplest and most unimportant
things. Akechi couldn’t remember a time where he could marvel and laugh over something as
mundane as an elevator.
When they were finally done, Akechi took them back to the Velvet Room. Theodore
proclaimed that he was going to ask Igor if they could install automatic door entrances into
the Velvet Room instead of regular doors. Akechi predicted that Igor would not pay this
request any mind whatsoever.
Judgement Arcana: Rank 2

“Here’s your money,” Shinjiro violently thrust the yen into Takaya’s hand and shoved the
bottle of pills into his pocket.
“Did we do something wrong?” Takaya asked. “You seem more upset with us than usual.”
“Yeah, well most people don’t approve of people who shoot elementary schoolers,” Shinjiro
said glaringly.
Takaya’s frown turned into an uncanny smile. “Ah, so you know him too? I wouldn’t worry
about it too much. He is no ordinary elementary student.”
“Ordinary or not, you shouldn’t shoot him because he wouldn’t join your little gang.”
Shinjiro clenched his fists. “And don’t give me any bull about him threatening you. He
threatened me, and somehow, I didn’t shoot him.”
“Probably helps that you don’t have a gun,” Jin snapped. “Why do you even care? You’ve
never bothered preaching morality to us before.”
Shinjiro opened his mouth, but Takaya interrupted him.
“I’ll have you know that he attacked us first,” he said calmly. “Called us vermin, if I recall
correctly. Everything I did was self-defense.”
“I’m not arguing the ethics of shooting children.”
“And since when has anyone cared about the lives of children before?” Chidori asked. “You
should know better than anyone how little the world cares for the innocent. And your friend
was hardly innocent.”

Takaya chuckled. “Oh, the power he yields. He might not realize it yet, but one day–”
“Let me make myself clearer, then,” Shinjiro interrupted, sick of Takaya’s crap. “I don’t care
how or why. That kid has enough to deal with without you shooting him. Kill him, or attempt
to kill him, and I’ll kill you.”
“Trust me. If I wanted him dead, he would be.” Takaya pointed his gun at Shinjiro. “The
same goes for you as well.”
Shinjiro turned away. Takaya wasn’t going to shoot him. “You know he’s going to attack you
again, and then you’ll shoot him again. Leave him alone. I won’t ask again.”
“And tell me, what will you do if we go against your wishes?” Takaya asked. “You’ve
suppressed your persona, and you have no weapon. I think you’ll find it very difficult to hurt
us.”
“I’ll find a way. Have no doubt about that.”

Chapter End Notes

jin and chidori don't understand why takaya's so interested in the ten year old.
this will remain a theme throughout the first half of this fic
i really wish i had something witty to say but i dont
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments (feel
free to correct typos). <3
edit: upon further reflection i decided that there was no way minato would have gotten
to rank 6 with akihiko at this stage in the game so i edited that one line

Chapter 8: May 20–28, 2009
Chapter Summary

Akechi's no good very bad decision making skills
And cat!

Chapter Notes

tw: references to death, guns, ptsd, honestly this chapter is pretty mild i think

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“You should come over to my house today,” Yamamoto informed Akechi the following
Wednesday, sounding more serious than usual. “I want to show you my cat.”
This wasn’t the first time Yamamoto had invited him out. Akechi had usually found an
excuse as to why he couldn’t spend his entire time playing with animals, but Yamamoto’s
social link hadn’t ranked up at all since it was first formed. Akechi had a feeling that the
universe was insisting upon Akechi visiting Yamamoto’s home.
“Very well,” Akechi said. “I suppose I don’t have any conflicts.”
“What about you, Amada-kun?” Yamamoto asked.
Amada had started joining them on their walks home. He didn’t say much, but Akechi knew
that Amada appreciated having the company.
“Oh, um, I can’t,” Amada said. “I have… homework.”
The bags underneath Amada’s eyes were far more pronounced than they usually were. Was
something going on? Or did Amada simply not want to invest energy in an outing?
“Oh, too bad.” Yamamoto grabbed the straps of her bag cheerfully. “But at least you can
come, Akechi. Momo needs some new friends. He keeps spending most of his time curled up
underneath the bed.”
“How old is your cat?” Akechi asked.
“Momo is older than me!” Yamamoto puffed up her chest. “My sister raised him from when
she was a kitten.”

Momo was likely reaching the end of his lifespan, but Akechi decided that telling Yamamoto
that would be counterproductive.
Instead of parting ways when Akechi reached the dorm, he continued to follow Yamamoto to
her apartment complex. Her apartment was on the second floor, and upon entering, Akechi
found that Yamamoto had a rather comfortable living situation. The kitchen and living area
was reasonably sized, albeit a bit cluttered. The furniture was in good condition, and Akechi
couldn’t spot any signs of alcohol sitting out in the open.
Momo was an orange tabby cat who was currently sitting on top of the sofa in the back of the
living room. Yamamoto quickly took off her shoes, dropped her book bag onto the ground,
and swooped down upon the cat. Momo hissed as Yamamoto picked her up and ran back
toward Akechi.
“This is Momo!” Yamamoto said happily. “Isn’t he the sweetest?”
Momo had surrendered to his fate of being carried around, but his pupils were wide with
discomfort. Akechi had a feeling that if he tried to even bring his hand close to him, he’d be
none too pleased.
“I don’t think he likes being carried around,” Akechi said diplomatically. He understood how
he felt. “Maybe you should put her down.”
“Oh, right.” Yamamoto placed Momo back down on the ground. Momo instantly sprinted
down the hall to their right, slipping into a room that had the door cracked open.
“Oh no, come back!”
Yamamoto chased after the poor cat without another thought. Akechi took off his shoes and
followed her into what he assumed was Yamamoto’s bedroom. The place was tidier than
Akechi expected. No stray books or homework were strewn on the desk sitting by the
window, and there wasn’t any laundry on the floor. Yamamoto clearly kept her room tidier
than she kept her desk at school.
Yamamoto was on her knees, looking underneath the purple-quilted bed. “Momo, don’t be
scared,” she said in a gentle voice. “I promise I won’t pick you up this time.”
Momo did not emerge.
Yamamoto’s laptop was sitting on her desk, and the screen displayed a strange looking
webpage. Akechi walked up to it for a closer look, peering at the small white text on an allblack background.
Is there someone in your life you want revenge on? Just put their name and birthday here,
and we’ll do the rest.
A small white textbox sat beneath the words, and a sick feeling sat inside Akechi’s gut. It
reminded Akechi strangely enough of the Phantom Thieves’ ridiculous Phansite, where
people put out requests for change of hearts.

Except this time, it was for hits. And Akechi had a feeling he knew who was behind it.
Akechi looked at the url, and, unsurprisingly enough, the word strega was in the website’s
domain. But what was Yamamoto doing on a site like this? Could she really be just as two
faced as Akechi–
“What are you doing in my room?” a voice demanded.
Akechi spun around, trying to look as though he hadn’t just been snooping. Fortunately, the
teen that was standing in the doorframe was staring at Yamamoto, who was still hunched
underneath the bed. The new arrival looked very much like Yamamoto, except her hair was
tied up into a ponytail, instead of the two pigtails that Yamamoto always wore. Akechi had no
doubt in his mind that she was Yamamoto’s sister.
“I was trying to show my friend Momo,” Yamamoto said, sitting up and looking up at her
sister unapologetically. “He went underneath your bed.”
“I’ve told you not to go into my room without permission,” Yamamoto’s sister said. “Get
out.”
“But Momo–”
“Does it look like I give a damn about that cat? Get out of my room.”
Akechi took multiple steps away from the computer. But, seriously, if Yamamoto’s sister was
so concerned about her privacy, why the hell did she leave her laptop wide open? What if her
father walked in and saw that page?
“I apologize for the intrusion,” Akechi said, bowing. “It was my fault. I encouraged
Yamamoto to chase after Momo.”
“I don’t care who’s fault it was,” Yamamoto’s sister said. She stepped further into the room
and out of the way of the door. “I have to study for my midterms, and you guys are bothering
me. Out.”
Yamamoto followed Akechi out of the bedroom, and Yamamoto’s sister slammed the door
shut, shaking the entire apartment. Yamamoto cringed, looking downcast.
“I’m really sorry, Akechi-kun.” Yamamoto’s voice was softer than Akechi had ever heard it.
“You shouldn’t have tried to protect me when I was the one to get you in trouble like that.”
“There’s no harm done,” Akechi said. It was true. Akechi couldn’t care less what
Yamamoto’s sister thought of him, even if she was clearly considering asking Strega to kill
someone for her. It wasn’t as though Yamamoto’s sister knew Akechi’s name.
Unless Yamamoto told her. Which was actually very likely.
Akechi still wasn’t all that worried. Takaya had already attacked Akechi once, and Akechi
had gotten out of it with only a scratch.

Although, a responsible citizen would tell Yamamoto that her sister was using a hit site. But
the chances of Yamamoto believing Akechi were slim. And even if Yamamoto believed
Akechi, her father was another story entirely. Adults rarely believed the word of children.
“Well, thanks for not being angry,” Yamamoto said. She gave Akechi a weak smile. “We can
see Momo another time. Let’s go play in my room!”
Akechi followed Yamamoto into her actual bedroom, which fully fulfilled Akechi’s
expectations. The room was a complete disaster, from the laundry and toys strewn about the
floor to the homework that cluttered the desk to such a degree that Akechi couldn’t see the
surface of it.
“Perhaps we should tidy up before we play anything,” Akechi suggested.
“Hm, maybe you’re right,” Yamamoto admitted. She bent over and picked up a heavy winter
jacket. “It’s not even that cold outside anymore, and this thing is still sitting here.”
As they cleaned up, Akechi still couldn’t get Yamamoto’s sister out of his mind. It wasn’t any
of his business what Yamamoto’s sister got up to. Besides, even if he wanted to help, Akechi
didn’t exactly know who Yamamoto’s sister wrote in the textbox.
It was a lost cause.
And yet… if Akechi found out who Yamamoto’s sister ordered a hit on, Akechi could
intercept Strega. While he promised Aragaki he wouldn’t engage with Strega anymore, it
couldn’t hurt to try to get some information out of them. Perhaps they had information on the
Dark Hour that SEES had withheld.
And, well, if Akechi accidentally killed them all, the world would certainly be better without
them.
“Yamamoto-kun,” Akechi began as he placed a book upon a bookshelf. “Does your sister
have any enemies?”
“Enemies?” Yamamoto placed more of her laundry in a basket. “Not that I can think of. She
has a lot of friends though. When she’s not studying, she talks to them all day on her phone.”
“Is that so?” Akechi asked.
“Yeah.” Yamamoto stopped working for a moment, looking starry-eyed. “She’s so cool. I
want to have as many friends as her one day.”
“You really admire her, don’t you?”
“Of course.” Yamamoto continued to pick up laundry off of the floor. “Everyone has
someone they look up to. Don’t you?”
Someone Akechi looked up to… In the past, the answer would have been his mother. Before
she died, Akechi had given up his heart and soul just to see his mother smile every so often.

Somehow, he didn’t imagine Yamamoto would respond cheerfully to that answer.
“I suppose I look up to a friend of mine,” Akechi said. “He moved away, but when I knew
him, he was very… determined. And idealistic.”
Not that excessive idealism was always a good thing.
“He sounds like a good friend,” Yamamoto said. “Do you talk to him a lot anymore?”
“I never got his number. My memories of him will have to suffice.”
“Oh, that’s sad.”
“It’s life.”
If Yamamoto’s sister had enemies, Akechi wasn’t going to learn about them through
Yamamoto. So much for that plan.
But perhaps it was better if Akechi was in control over all of the variables anyway.
Strength Arcana: Rank 2

Akechi’s plan required a laptop, something he sadly did not possess. His schoolwork didn’t
yet require one, and Akechi hadn’t thought of a reason to get one until now.
Now, of course, it was vital for this plan to be successful. Phones did not yet have the
capacity to access the internet, and it would be a cold day in July when Akechi used a school
computer to use the dark web. If he got caught, he’d be expelled before he could even attempt
to lie his way out of the situation.
Fortunately, they returned to Tartarus that night, in spite of it being the middle of exam week.
Mitsuru didn't want him to go. “A well-rested mind does better in tests” apparently, which
Akechi actually agreed with.
Unsurprisingly, Iori was the one pushing for them all to go. He insisted that they would all be
perfectly awake for the exams, and that there was nothing wrong with taking a rest in
Tartarus.
Iori even played dirty, saying, “Are we trying to look good, or are we trying to save the
world?”
Mitsuru had caved, but only on the condition that everyone’s scores had to be flawless. At
those words, Takeba had immediately opted out of going, leaving Akechi, Iori, and Arisato to
explore Tartarus alone.
“Man, I am so glad you agreed to this,” Iori sighed. “If I had to sit still for one more minute, I
would have died. Especially next to Ms. Student Council President and her perfect scores.”

For once, Akechi actually agreed with Iori. Exam week always made Akechi more eager to
destroy shadows. This year, of course, Akechi hadn’t had exams, courtesy of being an
elementary schooler.
They made it to a decently formidable shadow about half-way up to the next barrier,
according to Mitsuru. And, although the shadow itself felt like a waste of time and energy,
the night’s effort produced a healthy amount of yen in his and Arisato’s shuffle times. It was
certainly enough yen to purchase a second-hand laptop.
So, on Thursday afternoon, after Akechi’s daily run, Akechi went to the second-hand shop at
the corner of the Iwatodai strip mall. He found a functioning laptop that sold for
approximately ten thousand yen. Akechi returned to the dorm and set it up in his room before
he could finally pull open strega’s webpage.
It wasn’t as hard to locate as it should have been. Admittedly, Akechi had the advantage of
knowing the group’s name, but after accessing the dark web, the site was much easier to
locate that Akechi expected. He supposed that was why high school students like
Yamamoto’s sister had gained access to such a thing. It was astonishing that Strega could run
out of jobs at all if a bunch of bitter teens were putting in requests. And Akechi highly
doubted that Strega put time aside to decide which requests were actually worthy of
fulfilling.
If the site only required a name and birthday, it was clear that Strega had someone with
skilled information gathering abilities. This wasn’t mementos, where the app only needed a
name to locate a shadow. The Dark Hour was rooted in the real world. In order to find the
correct coffin for the target, one had to know not only that person’s information, but also
where they are likely to be exactly at midnight. And what did they do if they miscalculated?
Did they simply put the wrong individual back into their coffin? Or did they kill that poor
soul and continue their search?
Akechi tapped his keyboard contemplatively. If he put in his own name on the site, Strega
would be able to learn everything about him, from where he lived to the truth of his
checkered past. Meanwhile, unless they were cooperative to Akechi’s questions, Akechi
would know next to nothing about them.
It wasn’t a fair exchange at all. It was stupid and reckless. The more Strega knew about
Akechi, the more power they held over him.
And yet, if Akechi put a fake name in, there was a chance that Akechi was dooming some
random person for the sake of his own curiosity. Akechi only killed when it was necessary.
Was it really necessary to sentence someone to their death for the sake of Akechi’s own
privacy.
Maybe. Ideally, Akechi would intercept Strega before they went in for the kill anyway.
No. It was too risky. The only people Akechi knew the full names of anyway were other
members of SEES or his other social links. Akechi wasn’t going to sacrifice any potential
power for that.

Maybe, Akechi would put Tsuyoshi’s name down. But Akechi didn’t know where Tsuyoshi
was at any given moment, so it wouldn’t do anything to help Akechi meet up with Strega
again.
Akechi could discard this plan. He could go back to wandering the streets, hoping to
accidentally run into the three again. But Akechi would have less control over that situation.
He didn’t want to be caught off guard again.
It was a risk. But really, what could Strega do with his history? Throw it in his face? Nothing
they could say to Akechi would be anything Akechi hadn’t heard before. And perhaps Takaya
was the type of person to share personal details due to the fact that Akechi had sacrificed so
many of his own.
It was worth the risk.
Akechi typed his name and birthdate into the textbox and clicked send. If Strega’s hacking
abilities were worth their salt, they’d deduce that Akechi was the one who sent the hit on
himself, seeing as his ip address came from his bedroom. Even if Takaya didn’t want to kill
him, he’d at least come and see why Akechi wanted to meet.
That night, Akechi went to the mall and bought some medicine at the pharmacy. He also
bought and equipped some armor that at least stood some sort of chance of being able to
stand against a bullet.
Fully prepared, Akechi returned to the alley where he first met Takaya. It was close enough
to the dorms that he’d be able to return swiftly after their confrontation was done, and it was
a spot that Strega were likely to check in their pursuit of locating Akechi to begin with.
Akechi waited patiently for approximately the first thirty minutes of the Dark Hour. He began
to grow more and more restless as time progressed, pacing back and forth irritably. Was this
intentional? Were they watching him? Or were they just busy dealing with other crap?
By the time the Dark Hour was nearly over, Strega still hadn’t shown their faces. Akechi
began to head back to the dorm. He would try again tomorrow–
“Do you have somewhere to be?”
Every nerve went on end as Akechi turned around. Takaya was standing alone, holding his
gun as though it were just some sort of prop.
“Where are your friends?” Akechi asked, tightening his grip on his saber.
“Where’s yours?” Takaya countered. “I thought perhaps when you submitted your own name
to us, you and Shinjiro were planning on entrapping us. Not that it would work, but still.”
“You know Aragaki?” Akechi asked. “How?”
“I believe in client confidentiality.”

Of course. Aragaki must have used Takaya’s services as well. It was disappointing, but
Akechi shouldn’t have been surprised. He wasn’t even sure why he cared.
“Fine.” Akechi pointed his saber at Takaya, all too aware that Takaya had the advantage of a
long-range weapon. “I just wanted to talk.”
“Now there’s a surprise.” Takaya pointed at Akechi with his gun. “Last we met, I was under
the impression that you wanted nothing more than to end my existence. Feeling a change of
heart?”
Akechi cringed at the phrasing. “Of course not.” Akechi kept his other hand close to his
evoker. “If you really must know, I want information.”
“That sort of thing doesn’t come free.” Takaya lowered his firearm.
“I already paid you through your site.” Akechi shifted his stance, ready to dodge at any
minute. “Besides, don’t pretend you don’t know everything about me.”
“We know some.” Takaya grinned, playing with the safety of his gun with his finger. “And
don’t worry, young Shinjiro didn’t tell us anything. We’re quite adept in our own information
gathering.”
“I figured as much–Can you watch where you point that thing?!”
Takaya had begun to point the gun back in Akechi’s direction again, and Akechi was going to
lose it if he had to buy another shirt.
“Oh, my apologies.” Takaya kept his hand still by his side. “It was silly of me to assume you
didn’t care about death.”
“I don’t see how that has to do with anything.” Akechi inhaled deeply, forcing himself to stay
calm. “Look. I just want to trade information. You already know everything about me. It’s
only fair that you give me something to work with.”
“It’s a fair offer.” Takaya sighed, glancing up at the moon. “It’s a shame that the Dark Hour is
nearly over. We’ll have to meet again another time. How about next week?”
Akechi grit his teeth. “Next week?”
“Yes, I think I’ll be free by then.” Takaya grinned, showing off his yellowing teeth. “Same
time, same place. I’ll try to be more punctual. Then, we can actually have time to talk.”
Takaya walked away without another word, and Akechi watched him go. It would be a waste
to kill him now. Besides, Takaya was right. The Dark Hour was minutes away from ending. If
Akechi got a fatal injury within this time, he’d either die or go spend the next few months in
the hospital.
A week wasn’t so long. Akechi would just have to wait until then.
If Akechi could wait three years to see Shido’s end, a week would be nothing.

Sanada officially recovered from his injuries that Saturday. Everybody was quite thrilled to
have him back on the team, although Sanada himself was mostly disappointed he had
inevitably become rusty.
“We should do something to celebrate,” Takeba said. “Rib injuries are no joke, after all.”
“Great idea, Yuka-tan!” Iori hoisted himself up onto the kitchen counter. “We could get food
and talk about cute chicks all night–”
“That won’t be necessary,” Mitsuru immediately interrupted. “And get off of the counter.
There are perfectly acceptable bar stools for sitting on.”
Iori sighed heavily as he returned to the ground. “Spoilsport.”
“I’m not opposed to a small celebration,” Sanada said. “But none of us can really cook
anyway, unless someone here has hidden talents nobody knows about.”
“Um, no, I guess not,” Takeba said. She glanced down at her hands, looking disappointed.
“We could all watch a movie, I guess. But… maybe Akechi-kun and Minato-kun should get
some sleep.”
Arisato was currently leaning against the side wall, looking as though he were already
nodding off. Akechi, on the other hand, was perfectly fine.
“I don’t need sleep.” Engaging with group activities was a perfect way to encourage
cooperation and trust. Those two things were imperative in a group fighting shadows
together.
“Are you sure?” Takeba asked. “You’ve looked like death for days now. You legitimately
look worse than I do after I spend the entire Dark Hour in Tartarus.”
“It looks worse than it feels.”
“You have been taking a lot of midnight strolls lately,” Mitsuru said, ever observant. “You’re
useless to us if you don’t get enough rest. Go to bed tonight, got it?”
Akechi rolled his eyes and nodded. This never happened when he didn’t have teammates.
Now, Akechi could sympathize with all of Akira’s complaints about Morgana.
“So, are we celebrating or are we not celebrating?” Iori asked.
“Not celebrating,” Sanada decided. “We get injured all the time. There’s no point in making a
fuss over one injury being healed. Besides, I found a potential member that we should
discuss.”
“Oh ho!” Iori grinned. “Is it a girl?”
“It is. Her name is Yamagishi Fuuka. She’s a second year, same as you guys.”

“Oh, I think I’ve heard of her,” Takeba said. “She’s been out sick a lot lately, though. I hardly
ever see her.”
“She goes to the same hospital I was at, that’s how we met her. But maybe she’s not cut out
for the job.” Sanada looked genuinely disappointed with himself. “I already had an evoker
made for her and everything.”
“Wow, don’t you think you’re jumping the gun on that one?” Takeba closed her eyes, looking
exhausted. “You didn’t even know if she would agree.”
“Better to be over prepared than underprepared.” Sanada sighed, downcast. “Oh well. Not
much point in recruiting someone who won’t be able to manage the long nights anyway.
We’d be imposing for no reason.”
Iori groaned. “Man, and I was looking forward to having more girls on the team…”
Both Mitsuru and Akechi gave Iori a glare that could pierce even the hardest of hearts. Iori’s
face paled, and he took a few steps away from the group.
“Actually, come to think of it, I should really start studying for those exams that we… just
finished… um… bye!”
Iori fled up the stairs without another word.
“That was strange,” Sanada observed. “But speaking of exams, how do you guys think you
did?”
“Well enough,” Mitsuru said, just as Takeba said, “I don’t even want to talk about it.”

The following Thursday, Akechi found himself standing in the same alleyway where he
agreed to meet Takaya. As the minutes of the Dark Hour continued to slink by, Akechi had a
sinking feeling that he was gaining less and less control over the situation by the minute.
Takaya was intentionally arriving late into the Dark Hour so that there would only be enough
time for Akechi to answer one or two questions. Akechi would be compelled to keep Takaya
alive so that he could find out more, and Takaya would have more opportunities to influence
Akechi.
Fortunately, Akechi wasn’t foolish enough to fall for any sort of verbal manipulation Takaya
had on his end. No matter what Takaya said, Akechi wasn’t going to be swayed.
“I see you keep to your word,” Takaya observed as he approached the alley. His gun was in
his hand, but he wasn’t flinging it around carelessly this time around. “You’re really that
desperate to know every scrap of information?”
“Knowledge is power,” Akechi said shortly. “What do you know?”
“I’m afraid you’ll have to be more specific. I know a great deal of things.”

Akechi would have crossed his arms if he weren’t holding his sword. As it was, he simply
shifted his grip slightly. “What do you know about the creation of the Dark Hour?”
“I’ll give you a hint,” Takaya said. “The Kirijo Group.”
Akechi had assumed as much, but he hadn’t gone to Takaya for measly hints.
“I didn’t pay you for that.” Akechi grit his teeth. “Give me something more specific.”
“You haven’t paid for this meeting at all.” Takaya laughed. “You paid for our last meeting,
nothing more.”
“That is irrelevant.” Akechi leveled his sword in the direction of Takaya’s chest. “You were
the one who arranged this meeting in the first place.”
“Only at your prompting.” Takaya put his gun in his holster. “It’s cute how you think you
have any power over me.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Akechi asked as a chill ran down his spine.
“It is as you say,” Takaya said. “Knowledge is power. And you sacrificed so much
information about yourself just for some information that I happen to possess. At the
moment, I seem to have the upper hand, Akechi Goro.”
Takaya was right. Akechi had been banking on the idea that Takaya believed in equivalent
exchanges, but nothing guaranteed that. Takaya could spend weeks dangling information
right above Akechi’s nose, far out of reach.
Akechi had to make sure that couldn’t happen. He had to get enough hints from Takaya that
he could figure out the rest on his own, even if it meant he’d have to find a way to hack into
the Kirijo group’s private network himself.
“Maybe so,” Akechi conceded. “Is there something you want from me, or are you just
gloating?”
Takaya laughed again, his voice piercing the haunting silence of the Dark Hour. “I do not
need your services, if that’s what you’re wondering. However, I do have… questions about
this little group you work with. Shinjiro has not been very forthcoming with answers.”
“I doubt I have anything to tell you that you don’t already know.” Akechi needed to regain
control over this situation, and fast. “But my group knows nothing about you mercenaries. I’d
hate for you to show up on their radar.”
Takaya smirked. “Are you blackmailing me?”
“They’re not the type to take kindly to people who abuse their power.”
“Don’t be so hypocritical.” Takaya scoffed. “Everybody uses their power for selfish ends,
even if they hide it under the facade of justice. Wouldn’t you agree?”

“Hypocritical enough they’ll try to stop you,” Akechi insisted. “Do you really need that?”
“We can handle them.”
“You can hardly handle me.”
Takaya shook his head. “You are an interesting one. Fine, if you insist, I’ll give you another
hint as a show of goodwill. Ten years ago, there was an incident. That was when you were a
mere infant, I believe.”
“What kind of incident?”
“Now, that would be spoiling the fun of finding out for yourself.” Takaya turned away from
Akechi. “Don’t worry, I’m sure you can figure it out on your own.”
“I’m not done–”
“But you’ll find that I am. I’ll speak to you another time.”
Without another word, Takaya disappeared into the murky fog of the city, and Akechi was
left wondering why he always had to be such a damn fool.
Hermit Arcana: Rank 2

Chapter End Notes

I like how in p3 there's legit a scene with students talking about strega's revenge website
and then it's never brought up again how students just have access to that thing. like
bruh
also for those of you in the know: happy late birthday nanako!
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments (feel
free to correct typos). <3

Chapter 9: May 29–June 5, 2009
Chapter Summary

Akechi does research, drinks coffee, and celebrates his birthday

Chapter Notes

tw: ptsd, referenced death, implied/referenced child abuse, general creepy vibes from
takaya

See the end of the chapter for more notes

In spite of the grievous lapse of judgment Akechi had suffered from the week before, Akechi
decided he would at the very least take advantage of the new information that Takaya
provided for him, as vague as it was. When he returned to the dorm the following day, he
instantly opened up his new laptop and looked up “1999 Kirijo Group Incident”.
What he found was… enlightening, to say the least.
Ten years ago, an explosion went off in the Kirijo labs where Gekkoukan High now stood.
After the school was built, numerous students were reported missing. Akechi could only
assume they were taken by the shadows. Although the cause of the explosion was officially
unknown, the Kirijo group was very generous in funding the school as response for such a
catastrophe.
Based on Takaya’s cryptic hints, this explosion had a clear connection with the Dark Hour.
Akechi’s primary confusion lay with the location. Why build Gekkoukan High there? If the
Kirijo Group was doing any illicit experimentation or anything similar, building a high school
to cover it up felt odd and honestly more suspicious than merely rebuilding the lab.
Akechi exhaled and shut the computer. There was little chance of him being able to find out
what caused the explosion without some serious digging. It was possible he would have to
resort to getting into Kirijo’s network, which would be difficult. Akechi had never possessed
a large proficiency in hacking himself. If only Oracle–
As if Oracle would have helped him.
Akechi needed to clear his head. Maybe he could try to get Mitsuru to drop some hints about
the incident, assuming she knew anything. She would have been around seven at the time,

though, so it was likely she remembered something of note that the Kirijo Group had covered
up in the media. It was simply a question of whether or not she was willing to share.
But that could wait. Akechi needed something to eat anyhow. He could throw something easy
together from their fridge filled with nothing but frozen meals.
They really were quite the pathetic crew.
Downstairs, Takeba was irately eating a salad, looking at it so sourly that Akechi might have
assumed that the lettuce had personally insulted her. Had Iori said yet another insensitive
thing that set her off? Surely she had grown slightly used to his idiotic ways by now.
“Is something wrong, Takeba-san?” Akechi asked.
“Oh, um, it’s nothing that happened to me personally.” Takeba resumed eating her salad and
silence. Akechi took that as indication that she was not in the mood to share. He began to
walk toward the kitchen.
Takeba made a frustrated noise and slapped her chopsticks against the table. “It’s just that,
ugh, I hate it when people take pleasure in hurting others.”
Where was this coming from? Akechi continued moving toward the kitchen, deciding that he
could talk and make a frozen dinner at the same time. “That world is filled with that, I’m
afraid, but I understand the sentiment.”
“That only makes me more upset!” Takeba ran her fingers through her hair. “Minato and I
overheard these two girls earlier today at class, and they were bragging to each other about
how they victimized this other student. It made me feel sick to my stomach.”
“Why didn’t you intervene?” Akechi asked, putting a pot of water on the stove. “If it
bothered you so much?”
“It-it’s not that simple.” Takeba sighed.
Akechi knew it wasn’t. Intervening usually led you to become the next target of bullying.
Most people didn’t have the courage to face that sort of scrutiny, and privately opposed the
bullies without facing them head on. Of course, this only gave bullies more power, but
nobody on this planet could be bothered to think about anything past their own safety and
reputations.
Not that Akechi was implying he would have intervened. He would have kept his head down
as well.
“But you’re right.” Takeba sounded wretched, and Akechi startled. “I should’ve said
something to them. It’s not like they’re going to stop if they feel like they’re getting away
with it.”
Akechi had no response prepared for that. He hadn’t expected Takeba to be so mature in the
first place. To admit one’s mistakes and then decide to correct them? To a child no less?
Akechi hadn’t thought such a thing would be possible.

“Don’t feel too apologetic, Takeba-San,” Akechi said. It was around this point that people
became sympathetic to the sad party.
“Huh?”
“It’s only natural that you want to protect yourself. It’s an eat or be eaten world, after all.”
“But you just said—“
“I was only asking why you didn’t do anything if it bothered you so much,” Akechi said as he
poured boiling water into the cup of instant soba. “I wasn’t condemning your actions.”
“It sure sounded like condemnation to me,” Iori interjected, even though he had nothing
whatsoever to do with this conversation. “You sure can be scary when you want to be
Akechi-kun.”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Akechi said smilingly. Iori shivered.
“Even if you weren’t condemning my actions, you’ve given me a lot to think about.” Takeba
arched her back as though she had suddenly come to see the world in an entirely new light.
“Complaining about bad things doesn’t do anything. We should take action if we want to see
change.”
“Well said,” Mitsuru said as she came down the stairs. “What’s going on?”
“There are these bullies that got Yukari angry,” Iori explained.
Mitsuru’s brow furrowed. “That’s a serious issue indeed. I’ll look into it.”
“You?” Takeba asked, looking almost insulted. “I mean, don’t you have other things to worry
about?”
“As student council president, it’s imperative that I also care for the needs of the student
body.” Mitsuru crossed her arms. “Students should work together to better both themselves
and their communities. Any student that takes pleasure in bullying their peers should be
ashamed.”
“That’s noble of you,” Takeba muttered, staring glumly into her bowl of salad.
Why couldn’t anyone in this group get along?
Akechi’s noodles were finished. He drained the water from his cup before grabbing a pair of
chopsticks and eating. Now was as good a time as any to try to get information out of
MItsuru, but he didn’t particularly want to create a scene.
“Mitsuru-senpai, I have a somewhat serious question,” Akechi said as Mitsuru opened up the
fridge, likely looking for dinner of her own.
“What is it?”

“Do you know the cause of the Dark Hour?” Akechi casually took a bite of his noodles, all
too aware of the audience he had in Takeba and Iori. “I admit that I’ve been wondering about
it for some time now. If the Dark Hour always existed, wouldn’t the phenomenon of the Lost
not be something new?”
Mitsuru’s expression sobered, and she closed the fridge, even though she hadn’t taken
anything out of it. “We believe the Dark Hour began ten years ago,” Mitsuru said. “We aren’t
certain of the cause.”
Carefully chosen words. Mitsuru wasn’t certain of the cause, but she likely had a pretty good
idea. Additionally, ten years ago likely correlated with the date of the explosion. Mitsuru
knew something that she was intentionally withholding from the group. Judging by the we in
that sentence, the chairman likely knew as well.
“That’s it?” Takeba asked, sounding doubtful herself.
“Yes.” Mitsuru’s expression was filled with so much regret that anyone with eyes could see
that she was lying. “I’m sorry that I cannot be more of a help.”
Akechi knew better than to push the issue. She would get defensive and put up all of her
barriers, and then Akechi would only have a harder time getting her to let information slip
later. He at least had something to work with. Later, he’d see if any old forums mentioned
details of the incident that were covered up on mainstream media outlets.
For now, Akechi sat down in the living area, pretending to care about the sports Sanada was
watching.

The next day, Akechi returned to the dorm with the intention of doing as much research on
the Kirijo group as possible. When he reached the second floor, however, he found Iori and
Takeba sitting at the same table. Takeba looked as though she were trying to do homework,
but Iori was grinning mischievously.
“And then she heard something scratching at her door–”
“Ugh, stop!” Takeba picked up her book and hid her face in it. “I’m not going to get any
sleep thanks to you, Stupei!”
“What? It’s just a story.” Iori spotted Akechi trying to slink past. “Hey, Akechi, come over
here.”
Akechi could not ignore Iori. Akechi could not insult Iori. Akechi could not say no and walk
away. Akechi couldn’t do any of these extremely appealing alternatives to actually walking
up to Iori and sitting down next to him. Akechi was a pleasant and sweet child who never had
an attitude. Never.
Akechi walked up to Iori, choosing not to sit down at the table. There was still hope for
potential escape.

“What is it?”
“Yukari’s afraid of a little ghost story,” Iori said. “Are you scared?”
“Wow, this is mature,” Yukari snorted. “Are you going to say that I’m more wimpy than a
ten-year-old, is that it?”
“I’ve seen things that would give you both nightmares,” was something that Akechi dearly
wanted to say. Unfortunately, that wouldn’t fit with his pleasant persona, so he kept those
words to himself.
“I’m not saying that,” Iori said, grinning in a way that meant he was definitely implying it. “I
just wanted to know if Akechi was into that sort of thing.”
Akechi smiled but didn’t sit down. “I have a ghost story for you, Iori-senpai.”
“Oh yeah?” Iori asked, looking especially pleased. “Do tell.”
“Ugh, I’m going to my room.” Takeba stood up and scooped all of her books into her arms.
“You both are the worst.”
“My apologies, Takeba-senpai,” Akechi said. “I won’t impose upon your time if you don’t
want me to.”
“No, no, I’ve already picked up my books.” Takeba rolled her eyes as she marched toward
the stairs. “Besides, Junpei was going to keep telling me ghost stories regardless, and how am
I meant to get homework done like that?”
“Hey, it’s not my fault!”
“It is totally your fault!”
Takeba stormed up the stairs, leaving Iori and Akechi alone. Iori looked slightly
uncomfortable, and Akechi hoped he was seeing the error of his ways.
“Well, she was a spoilsport anyways,” Iori said, not seeing the error of his ways whatsoever.
He clapped his hands together and leaned forward. “Alright, let’s hear this ghost story of
yours.”
Akechi took a deep breath, still smiling.
“Once upon a time, there was a child who lived alone in his house. His parents were away on
some business trip, and he was left to take care of himself–”
“Those are some pretty terrible parents–”
“No interrupting,” Akechi snapped.
Iori nodded. “Right, right. Sorry.”

“As I was saying–” Akechi inhaled deeply, forcing himself to still smile “--The child was shy,
and didn’t have any friends. But one day, he fell asleep while doing his homework or
something. Instead of waking up in the morning, however, the sound of television static woke
him up instead.”
Iori grinned, leaning closer. “And then?”
“The boy was quite confused, because he had never turned the television on. It was raining
and thundering loudly outside, and as the boy got up to turn off the television, he saw a face
on the screen. It was the face of a teenager that he had seen work at the local Junes. Her
parents ran a liquor store. The boy had never liked this teenager because the teenager kept
telling terrible ghost stories to people who didn’t want to hear them.”
Iori shivered.
“The teenager on the screen looked like she was fighting something, but the television turned
off before he could see anything more. When he woke up the next morning, he wrote the
whole thing off as a strange dream. But–”
“But?” Iori asked, looking breathless with anticipation.
“The next morning, as he walked to school in the early hours of the morning, the boy spotted
something through the thick fog. It was a body. But it wasn’t just any corpse–” Iori gasped
like a schoolboy. “--It was the body of the girl he saw on the television.”
“Oh, that’s freaky,” Iori said, shivering. “Was her ghost trying to send a message to the kid
through the television? Talk about traumatizing.”
“It just goes to show what will happen to people who bother others with no consideration for
the other party,” Akechi said smilingly. “But it’s just a story my friend told me, of course.”
And with that, Akechi turned around and entered his room.
Akira told the story more skillfully, of course. He told it in such detail that apparently
Sakamoto had asked if the story was true. Although it wasn’t impossible thanks to the many
forms the metaverse apparently could take, Akira told it in such a way that made Akechi
believe it wasn’t a real event. If it was, Akira wouldn’t have told it with such gusto.
Although, come to think of it, Akechi could remember Shirogane Naoto’s career as the first
detective prince taking off with a serial murder case in Inaba. Akechi couldn’t remember
much of the details, something about some kid being responsible for the murders. Or was it a
delivery truck driver?
Akechi opened up his computer and looked up: serial murder case in Inaba.
Nothing of note came up, and Akechi remembered that those hadn’t started until around
2011. Damnit.
Akechi sighed and deleted his search. He had more important things to look into anyhow.

Junpei came downstairs and sat down next to Akihiko, who was also working on his
homework on the couch.
“What’s up?” Akihiko asked, not looking up from his book.
“Akechi is kind of scary,” Junpei said.
“So I’ve heard.”
Junpei put his chin in his hands, propping up his elbows on his knees. “He just told me a
really creepy ghost story, and I think he was implying that people like me get killed and turn
into ghosts that haunt televisions.”
“All that, huh?” Akihiko said. “What did you do that got him so ticked off?”
“I don’t know!”
Akihiko finally looked up from his book. “Are you sure about that?”
Junpei sighed. Everybody in this dorm was so sensitive. “I was telling Yukari ghost stories
and freaked her out. I don’t think Akechi appreciated it.”
“I can’t imagine why,” Akihiko said. He looked back down at his book. “At least he didn’t
point a knife at you.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?!”

As soon as Akechi ran into Yamamoto on his way to school, Yamamoto launched into
conversation.
“Did you hear?”
Akechi frowned, distracted by his own findings on the explosion ten years ago. Or the lack
thereof. The only thing he found was a post asking about one of the missing students, but it
didn’t allude to where the students could have actually gone, or what caused the explosion in
the first place.
“Hear what?” Akechi asked.
“Apparently, a student fainted at my sister’s high school yesterday,” Yamamoto said. “She
was taken to the hospital, and she’s still unconscious. Isn’t that scary?”
“Is she ill?” Akechi asked.
“Nobody knows–” Probably because it wasn’t any of their business. “--but my sister says that
everyone’s talking about it now.”

“...What school does your sister go to?”
“Gekkoukan High.”
That explained why Iori was telling ghost stories to Takeba last night. Though, honestly, how
was that a mature response? Shouldn’t people be concerned about the hospitalized student,
not spreading gossip like a bunch of grade schoolers?
Then again, this was the entire human race Akechi was thinking about. Why wouldn’t they
gossip about a peer? It was one of their favorite pastimes.
“That’s quite concerning,” Akechi said. “I hope that the girl is given proper medical care and
returned to her family.”
“Me too.” Yamamoto clutched onto the straps of her back as they crossed the street. “It just
made me think: what if my sister passes out? What will happen to her then? What will
happen to me?”
“It doesn’t do well to dwell on potential catastrophes,” Akechi said. “It’s best to focus on the
ones that are currently occurring.”
“Like the math quiz today.” Yamamoto’s face fell drastically. “Oh no, I completely forgot
about it. You have to help me, Akechi. My life depends on me getting a good grade on this
quiz.”
Seeing as this was the reason Yamamoto had wanted to become friends with Akechi to begin
with, Akechi would be foolish to refuse to help her now. “The math isn’t that difficult,”
Akechi said. “As long as you remember the different types of triangles–”
“They have three sides?”
Akechi spent the entire walk to school explaining the past week’s worth of math lessons to
Yamamoto. Naturally, when the dreaded math class finally arrived, the teacher declared that
he would put off the math quiz another day for the sake of review.
“Oops,” Yamamoto whispered under her breath. She gave Akechi an apologetic smile.
Akechi pretended not to see her in favor of studying yet another black butterfly that had
landed on his window.
Later that day, Arisato accosted him as Akechi tried to go up the stairs to his own bedroom.
“Do you want to go out for coffee?” Arisato asked.
Akechi raised his eyebrows. “Are you asking me out on a date, Arisato?” Akechi asked, just
to mess with him.
Arisato’s expression became more animated than Akechi had ever seen it, turning to disgust
as he shook his head frantically. “Definitely not. You just look like you could fall over, and
coffee is good for that. Therefore, you should go out for coffee with me.”

“Are you reciting a logical statement to me?” Akechi asked, forgetting his manners entirely.
“Akechi is tired. Coffee is good for tired people. Therefore, Akechi should get coffee?”
Arisato nodded.
“I’m ninety-percent sure there’s a fallacy in there somewhere.”
“Do you want coffee or not?”
Akechi hesitated. He had originally planned to continue his research, but if he got coffee with
Arisato, there was a good chance he would rank his social up. That was likely what Arisato
was thinking too. Besides, it had been a long time since Akechi had a good cup of coffee. It
would be nice to have something to warm up his system for once.
“Of course, I would like to go out to coffee with you,” Akechi said, reminding himself to stop
being so damn rude. “Thank you for inviting me.”
Arisato shoved his hands into his pockets, looking unsettled. “Cool. Let’s go then.”
Arisato was one of the most socially awkward people Akechi had ever met. That was saying
something.
“Is the coffee at least good?”
“It makes you charming. Not that you need it, I guess.”
What the hell was that supposed to mean?

“This coffee is terrible,” Akechi said, staring down at his cup with disgust. “Did they recycle
this from yesterday’s pot?”
“It’s coffee,” Arisato said like the unintelligent person he was.
“It’s a travesty.” Akechi put his cup down, refusing to take another sip. Arisato, meanwhile,
was chugging the entire thing like he needed the shit for fuel.
“Coffee is coffee.”
“Intelligently said,” Akechi said sarcastically. “I’m sure they’ll be hiring you for all of their
advertising campaigns with their new slogan: coffee is coffee.”
“It makes me more charming too,” Arisato said, placing his now empty cup onto the table.
“I don’t need charm.” Akechi took a deep breath.
Arisato shrugged. “Suit yourself.” He didn’t look at all perturbed by Akechi’s rude behavior.
“Although, I admit I have not been myself today.” Akechi picked up his mug again and took
another experimental sip. It was somehow simultaneously the bitterest and blandest cup of

coffee Akechi had ever sampled. “I apologize.”
“I don’t really care.”
This reaction wasn’t altogether surprising, considering Arisato’s typical demeanor. Still,
Akechi couldn’t help but to be slightly surprised. Most people found the pricklier side of his
personality to be jarring, or as Yoshizawa so eloquently put it, “ruthless.”
“Regardless, I’m sorry.” Akechi stared down at the murky black liquid that had been dubbed
pheromone coffee. Maybe it was the nonexistent pheromones that were making the drink so
disgusting.
“Sure.”
Akechi put down his drink and pushed it away, deciding there wasn’t much point in
pretending he liked the drink after already revealing his true feelings about it. “But, while
we’re being honest with each other, I have to ask: you only wanted to hang out with me to
rank up my social link, correct?”
Arisato nodded with not an ounce of shame on his expression. “I was bored,” he added, to
make the situation better.
“As long as we are on the same page,” Akechi said.
They stopped exchanging conversation after that point.
Death Arcana: Rank 2

Akechi returned to the dorm the next day to see everyone huddled around each other by the
table. All of the lights were off, and Iori was holding a flashlight beneath his chin. Were they
seriously telling more ghost stories?
“Who died?” Akechi wanted to ask. He thought better of it at the last minute, instead saying,
“What’s going on?”
“No interrupting,” Iori hissed, waving his flashlight haphazardly in Akechi’s direction
“Junpei thinks an angry spirit was the one who caused the girl from 2-E to collapse,” Takeba
said.
“Hey! I’m the one telling this story here!” Akechi rolled his eyes as he continued to approach
the group. Iori repositioned his flashlight underneath his chin and continued speaking. “As I
was saying, Shu was white as a sheet. He insisted it was true… Then, it hit me… That ghost
must’ve tried to make her its dinner! And that’s why they found her lying on the ground by
the gate! I felt a chill run down my spine, and I broke into a cold sweat… Yes, there are
strange things in this world… Believe it… or don’t.”
“What do you think, Akihiko?” Mitsuru asked as Akechi flipped the lights back on.

“It might be worth investigating,” Sanada said.
“What?!” Iori looked scandalized. “Not one word about my amazing performance?”
“If there really is a ghost hurting students, is your performance really the thing that matters?”
Akechi asked very politely.
Iori sighed. “Well, no, I guess not… but it’s not like it’s real. It’s just some rumor that’s going
around.”
“I guess people can grow after all,” Takeba said, her face relaxing. “That’s what I’ve been
saying this whole time.”
“Oh, sorry, Yuka-tan.” Iori grinned. “I didn’t realize you were afraid of ghosts.”
“Pardon my rudeness, but didn’t Takeba show discomfort a few days ago when you were
telling her ghost stories?” Akechi sat down at the table next to Takeba. “It seems to me that
you should have figured out that she didn’t like them.”
“O-oh,” Iori said, slumping slightly. “I kind of thought she was just upset because I was
bothering her while she was trying to study.”
“That makes me feel better.”
“It’s true that a student collapsed,” Mitsuru said. “Parts of this story might have merit.”
“W-what?” Takeba tensed.
“Maybe there really is a ghost,” Sanada teased.
Takeba stood up suddenly, her chair scraping the floor behind her. “Fine, then! I’m going to
investigate this ghost, and I’m going to prove that no such thing actually exists! And you all
better help too!”
“Alright, alright,” Iori said.
Arisato grunted.
Takeba huffed and stormed off. Akihiko grinned. “Well, I’ll leave the investigating to you
guys. Just make sure you sleep with one eye open.”
“You’re not going to help?” Akechi asked.
“I’ve got other things to worry about.”
“At least ask the students in your class,” Mitsuru said. “And I’ll do the same. But I trust you
all, with the exception of Akechi, seeing as he doesn’t attend our school, to be able to find
some good rumors.”
Well, it wasn’t as though the story could possibly be true anyway.

Everybody returned to their business as Iori turned to Akechi, grinning again. “So, how did
you like my story?”
“It was very dramatic, although I missed the first half.”
“It’s almost as good as that story about the television, huh?”
Iori had not understood the moral of Akechi’s ghost story if he was so interested in measuring
up.
“Of course.”

“Did you celebrate your birthday at all today?” Takaya asked.
Akechi texted Aragaki earlier that evening, asking if they wanted to speak together. Akechi
had no idea what their topic of discussion would be, but Aragaki had agreed. He nearly
arrived at their proposed meetup spot, Iwatodai Station, when Takaya had chosen to accost
him.
“What are you talking about?” Akechi snarled. He hadn’t planned for Strega interfering with
his night.
“Today is June 2.” Takaya tilted his head. “It is your eleventh birthday, is it not?”
Had Takaya done this on purpose? Akechi himself hadn’t even bothered to remember it was
his birthday. It wasn’t as though it was an occasion that held any weight in his life. Even
when his mother was still alive, birthdays were just painful reminders of how hard life could
be. Sometimes, she would be too spread thin to remember his birthday. The one year Akechi
reminded her, she burst into tears and apologized. The tears were so horrible that Akechi
stopped reminding her after that. Still, on years she did remember, their celebrations
consisted of a small cake and Akechi’s favorite meal.
After his mother died, Akechi discarded the occasion entirely. Nobody else felt bothered to
bring it up, except for parasocial fans who tried to dig it up.
“It’s not any of your business.” Akechi shifted his grip on his evoker. “Why? Do you have
grand celebrations on your birthday?”
Akechi might as well take advantage of this rude interruption while he could.
“I’m afraid I don’t know my birthday,” Takaya said. “So I never bothered to celebrate it.
Unlike you, I’m sure.”
“Well, if you’re so sure, why did you come and speak to me in the first place?”
“I thought you might like to talk.” Takaya smiled eerily. “You were so eager to get
information out of me before.”

“The world doesn’t revolve around you. Besides, you made it quite clear that you weren’t
going to be forthcoming with answers.”
“So you’ve given up entirely? I must admit, that’s disappointing.”
A small part of Akechi, the part that was eager to please anyone and everyone, wanted to rise
to the challenge. The rest of him knew better.
“I don’t exist to please you,” Akechi said, walking past him. Takaya followed.
“That’s a shame,” Takaya sighed. “And to think that I might have given you answers tonight,
seeing as it was your special day.”
That small, stupid part of him won.
“Fine,” Akechi bit out. He stopped and spun around, he hated feeling Takaya’s eyes on his
back. “If you’re so eager to give out answers, feel free to hand them over. What does the
Kirijo group have to do with the Dark Hour?”
“They created it, of course,” Takaya said, smirking. “You couldn’t figure that much out for
yourself?”
They created it? With what power? And was it intentional, or an accidental byproduct of
some other project? Not that Akechi would be surprised if it were intentional. A hidden hour
of the day would make a marvelous weapon against opponents. Poison someone’s drink
during the Dark Hour, and they would be none the wiser.
“I had my suspicions,” Akechi said coldly, refusing to let his shock show. “How did they
create it?”
“Children shouldn’t be greedy with what they’re given.” Takaya tutted. “It’s more polite to
thank the person gifting you, you know.”
“I’m not a polite person,” Akechi said. “If you’re not going to give more answers, I’m not
going to waste any more time with you. Leave.”
“Actually, I don’t mean to impose, but I have a question of my own.” Takaya took a few steps
closer to Akechi, and Akechi refused to brand himself a coward by stepping away. “What is it
that you fear?”
Akechi felt a prickle go down the hairs on his spine. “Again, I don’t see how that’s any of
your business.”
“Another time, then.” Takaya turned around and began walking away. “I’ll have my answer.”
Akechi didn’t bother to respond. Takaya could believe all he liked that he’d find out
Akechi’s greatest fear, but he never would. Not when Akechi didn’t know himself.
As soon as Takaya was out of sight, Akechi turned around and ran the rest of the way to the
station.

Aragaki hadn’t gotten fed up and left, fortunately. He was sitting on the steps where they
agreed, and he gave Akechi an incredulous look.
“I almost thought you weren’t going to come,” he said.
“I’m sorry, Aragaki-san.” Akechi bowed. “I got held up.”
“And now I know you’re lying to me.” Aragaki stood up. “Do you use that goody-two-shoes
act with everyone you lie to?”
“What? No,” Akechi scoffed. He hadn’t even realized he had put on his pleasant face for
Aragaki; he was too preoccupied with making sure Aragaki didn’t find out he was speaking
with a member of Strega. “And I wasn’t lying to you.”
“Sure.” Aragaki raised his eyebrows and tossed something in Akechi’s direction. Akechi
caught it on instinct. “You didn’t get shot again, did you?”
“Of course not.” Akechi glanced at the small item Aragaki had thrown at him. It was a small
candy bar. “What’s this?”
“A prize for not getting shot,” Aragaki said dryly.
“Even if that were true, why did you give it to me before you asked?”
“Because if you got shot today, you’d have something to show for it.” Aragaki gestured
vaguely. “Blood, for one.”
“Aragaki, do you really expect me to believe that you gave me this candy bar because I didn’t
get shot? I’m not that stupid.”
Aragaki snorted as he sat down. “Could’ve fooled me. I thought I told you to stay away from
Strega.”
“And I’ve followed your direction to the letter,” Akechi said.
“So that’s why I heard Takaya talking to you like a friend fifteen minutes ago.” Akechi
stiffened. “Noise carries, kid. Especially during the Dark Hour.”
Obviously. With no other people or electronics, there was no noise pollution. Akechi wasn’t
even that far away from the station when Takaya first spoke to him.
Why had Akechi made such a stupid mistake?
“Don’t call me kid,” Akechi said, unwilling to admit he had been a total idiot.
Aragaki suddenly fell into a coughing fit, but he recovered quickly. “Only if you stop calling
me Aragaki.”
Akechi scowled at the chocolate bar in his hand. “Don’t call me kid, Shinjiro.”

“Alright, Akechi.”
At least Shinjiro didn’t immediately jump to using Akechi’s first name.
“So what is this then?” Akechi asked, waving the chocolate bar toward Shinjiro’s face.
“Some sort of birthday present?”
“Thought it might be better than Takaya’s BS.” Shinjiro shrugged. “I would’ve gotten you
something better if I had less short notice. But I only had about five minutes after Takaya
started walking away to find you something, so I snagged this from a broken vending
machine.”
“You were watching?”
“He shot you.”
“I can take care of myself.”
“I’m not apologizing for making sure you didn’t get shot.” Shinjiro scowled. “I am sorry for
not having something better to give you.”
“I don’t need your pity.”
“It’s not pity.” Shinjiro sat back down on the steps. Akechi didn’t join him. “Contrary to
popular belief, I consider you a friend. Friends give each other gifts on their birthdays.”
“Then, you’re an idiot.” Akechi smiled bitterly. “You barely know me.”
“You barely know me,” Shinjiro corrected. “I doubt anything you’ve done can be worse than
me.”
“You’d be surprised.” Akechi sat down a few feet away from Shinjiro and put the chocolate
bar down on the step. “I can’t take this.”
“Don’t, then.” Shinjiro gave him an uncharacteristic smile. “I’ll try to bake you a cake or
something next year anyways.”
He said it with such confidence, as though they had any guarantee that there would even be a
next year for either of them.
“That won’t be necessary.”
“Sure.” Aragaki didn’t pick the chocolate bar back up. It continued to sit between them, as
though it were patiently waiting for somebody to take it. “By the way, don’t get your
information from Takaya. That guy’s more manipulative than those home shopping programs.
If you really want to know what the Kirijo group has to do with the Dark Hour, just ask
Mitsuru.”
“She won’t tell me anything.”

“And you decided that all on your own, huh?”
“If people told everyone the whole truth when asked, then the world wouldn’t be like this to
begin with.”
Moon Arcana: Rank 3

The next few days followed without incident. Takaya had given Akechi nothing he could
search the internet over. He had already tried, but obviously, the general public knew nothing
of the Dark Hour. Although he considered trying to ask Mitsuru for the truth, he kept having
a terrible feeling that if he did, Mitsuru would retaliate in some way.
They returned to Tartarus on the fourth, making it to the next barrier. Arisato found a strange
old document which he promptly handed over to Elizabeth. Apparently, she was collecting
them.
“They’re quite the interesting read,” she explained. “You should give them a look as well.”
Akechi took the document from Elizabeth’s hand and squinted at the words. Most of them
were faded beyond comprehension, but there was one particularly ominous sentence that
Akechi could make out.
Weird... Kirijo's Ergo Research branch plans to build a lab on this island. I wonder what
for…
Kirijo wanted to build a lab on the island? That must be the lab that exploded ten years ago.
Meaning... these experiments must be directly correlated to whatever caused the Dark Hour.
“Why aren’t you concerned about this?” Akechi asked Arisato. “Can’t you see there’s
something Kirijo’s not telling us?”
“Duh.” Arisato stood up from his seat in the Velvet Room. “Bye.”
“That’s all you have to say?!”
“It’s not my problem.”
Akechi spun toward Igor. “What is she not telling us?”
Igor chuckled. “We are only here to assist your journey. We cannot give you the answers you
seek.”
Akechi hated Igor.
If Kirijo thought Akechi was being more hostile toward her that evening, she never made any
note of it. That was fine by Akechi, because any shred of trust he had in her had vanished
over the past couple of weeks.

The next day, Arisato, Takeba, and Iori were all gathered in the lounge. Kirijo and Sanada
were nowhere in sight, and Iori wore the face of someone who was about to commit a crime.
Akechi opened the door as silently as possible.
“We should all go together,” Takeba was saying, turning to Arisato. “You’ll come, right?”
“Sure.”
“I’ll take that as a yes.” Takeba smiled, looking self-satisfied. “It’ll be fine, Junpei.”
“Forget it…” Iori spotted Akechi sneaking into the dorm. “I-I don’t want to do your stupid
homework with you anyway.”
“What?” Takeba raised her voice in alarm. “That’s not–”
“Hey, Akechi-kun!” Iori said loudly. “How was your run?”
Takeba spun around, staring at Akechi with wide, guilty eyes. “Oh, I didn’t see you there.”
Obviously.
"My run was very invigorating, thank you for asking,” Akechi said as sweetly as possible.
“What are you three up to?”
“It’s just what Junpei said,” Takeba said a little too brightly. “I wanted help with homework,
but Junpei is really against it.”
“Yeah, because homework is stupid and dangerous,” Iori said.
Iori was trying to be the voice of reason. Akechi wondered if it was opposite day.
“It’ll be fine! It’s just homework!” Takeba sighed. “Sorry, Akechi-kun. You shouldn’t get
wrapped up in our stupid argument.”
“If Iori refuses to do your homework with you, you still have Arisato on your side,” Akechi
said, pretending to be oblivious. “You can go on without him.”
“Um, yeah, I guess.” Takeba didn’t look all that sure. “Well, Minato, I guess we’ll do that
homework tomorrow night, got it?”
Arisato nodded. Iori sighed long-sufferingly. “Fine! I’ll help. Just, don’t do anything stupid.”
“That’s the whole point in my getting help with homework in the first place.” Takeba
laughed.
The Phantom Thieves were somehow better actors than this when they managed to convince
Akechi they trusted him. Come to think of it, how the hell did they pull that off? Takamaki
couldn’t act to save her life, and Kitagawa had a hard time not spitting out the truth as he saw
it.

They must’ve really been determined to save Joker. It was almost admirable.
Tomorrow night, was it?

Chapter End Notes

Sorry for posting a little later than usual, im on fall break so my routine is super out of
whack
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments (feel
free to correct typos). <3
Edit (1/25/25): welp um im fixing my canonical error with the explosion at the school
rip

Chapter 10: June 6–8, 2009
Chapter Summary

Full moon number two!

Chapter Notes

tw: some violence, references to bullying, injury, ptsd

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“Doing homework” had turned out to be code for “going to a dangerous alley behind Port
Island Station full of dangerous people.” No wonder Iori was trying to get out of it. For once
in his life, Akechi was inclined to agree with him.
Akechi intercepted them before they could actually enter the den of shadows. Arisato didn’t
look at all surprised to see him there. Iori and Takeba both shrieked.
“Akechi-kun!” Takeba gasped. “What are you doing here?”
“I thought I would help you with your homework as well, so I followed you here.” Akechi
tilted his head, putting on a fake look of confusion. “Why are you all the way over here for
your homework?”
“Oh, um–”
“We’re investigating the place the girls who collapsed used to hang out at,” Arisato said
bluntly.
“Minato!” Takeba slapped his arm. “What are you doing?”
“He’s not stupid, Yukari,” Iori said. “He would’ve found out on his own. Besides, this means
that we can’t come. What a shame–”
“No, don’t stop on my account,” Akechi said brightly. “Unless, of course, you’re realizing
how foolish this course of action is. What do you even think you’ll find out here?”
“Clues,” Takeba said vaguely.
“You’re going to risk your life for clues?” Akechi asked dryly. “Isn’t that a bit extreme?”

Akechi was aware he was being a hypocrite. He didn’t remotely care.
“We’re not going to die!” Takeba huffed, marching past Akechi. “It’ll be fine, just you
watch.”
“Yukari, wait!” Iori shouted.
It was too late. Takeba was already walking up to one of the men leaning against the wall and
smoking.
“What have we here?” the man asked.
“Check out those rags,” his friend said. “She’s from Gekkoukan. Those two too.”
He pointed in Iori and Arisato’s direction. Iori squeaked.
“What do you think you’re doing here?” The man stood up to his full height. He was at least
a head taller than Yukari.
“We don’t need your permission to be here,” Yukari said, taking the high and mighty road.
“Are you stupid?” Iori asked, running up to her. Akechi and Arisato kept a safe distance. It’s
not as though Akechi could stand a chance against that crowd even if he tried. “Look
around–”
“I’m not stupid, you know,” Takeba snapped. “Come on, don’t be intimidated by these
scum!”
Needless to say, the situation escalated from there. A few of the girls suggested they take
inappropriate photos of Yukari. This angered Iori enough that, in a fit of courage, he tried to
punch one of them.
The man socked Iori in the face, and Iori fell backwards onto the asphalt.
“Junpei!” Takeba cried, looking alarmed. Somehow, she hadn’t thought that insulting
multiple dangerous individuals would end badly.
“Hey, you two!” the man’s friend called out to Arisato and Akechi. “I don’t much like your
faces either. And don’t think I’ll go easy on you just because you’re a kid.”
Akechi scoffed. The friend marched up to him, winding up his fist. Akechi prepared to
dodge–
“That’s enough.”
Shinjiro appeared out of nowhere, standing between Akechi and his would-be assailant.
“Oh yeah, and are you going to stop me?” the friend sneered.
Shinjiro sighed. “Do I have a choice?”

The punch once meant for Akechi went toward Shinjiro’s face instead. Without hesitation,
Shinjiro headbutted his attacker. He fell over backwards, crying out in pain.
The other thug gaped. “Wait, Shinjiro. You’re from Gekkoukan too. What the hell, man! I
thought you were one of us!”
“And when’d you make that assumption?” Shinjiro snorted, marching up to him. “I don’t
remember swearing a blood oath.”
“You little–” The man sputtered. “You really think I’m just going to let that slide? You’ll pay
for that!”
“You want to try it?”
Shinjiro could actually be quite intimidating when he wanted to be. Akechi was impressed.
And also disappointed. He had never treated Akechi like this, even when Akechi had pointed
a knife at him. Did he really see Akechi as just some weak and defenseless child?
Probably. Everybody did.
Their attackers ran away, giving into their cowardly instincts. Iori got to his feet, rubbing his
cheek. “Thanks man. We would’ve been goners–”
“What the hell do you four think you’re doing here?” Shinjiro demanded, massaging his
head. “This place isn’t for you.”
Shinjiro began walking away, but Takeba cried, “Wait! We came here for a reason.”
Shinjiro turned back toward the four of them slowly. “You three were at the hospital.” Akechi
assumed he was the missing fourth, seeing as he never met Shinjiro at the hospital. “Did Aki
send you here?” He made eye contact with Akechi. Akechi rolled his eyes and shook his
head.
“No,” Arisato said.
“Hmph, didn’t think so. Even he wouldn’t be that stupid.”
“For the record, we did not take him along with us.” Iori pointed to Akechi with a look of
panic on his face. “He followed us.”
“Somehow, he’s the one I’m least concerned about.” Shinjiro narrowed his eyes in Akechi’s
direction. “Though, it’s not safe for you either.”
“I was making sure they weren’t getting up to trouble,” Akechi said innocently. “It seems my
suspicions were warranted.”
“Are you our mother? Give us a break,” Iori sighed.
Shinjiro directed his attention toward Takeba, taking a few steps forward. “What do you want
to know? About that ghost story?”

“Um… yeah,” Takeba said. “How’d you know?”
Shinjiro proceeded to explain that not only was a rumor going on about the girls who had
collapsed, apparently those girls had been gossiping about Yamagishi, that girl Sanada had
wanted to recruit. To make matters worse, Yamagishi had been missing for days.
“What?! I thought she was sick!” Iori exclaimed, looking sick.
“Does Ekoda-sensei know about this?” Takeba asked.
Shinjiro turned around and glanced up. “I see how it is, Aki. Still trying to make up for the
past. It’s you who can’t let go.”
He said those final words in a quieter voice, and Akechi was pretty sure they weren’t
supposed to have overheard. Everybody else was glancing at each other with confused looks.
They clearly didn’t know Sanada and Shinjiro had a history.
“What was that?” Iori asked, tactful as always.
Shinjiro’s expression hardened. “Nothing. I’ve told you everything I know. Satisfied?”
“Um, yeah,” Takeba said.
“Thanks, Senpai!” Iori bowed. “Come on guys, show some respect!”
“Right!” Takeba followed suit. “You’ve been a great help. Thank you for your kindness.”
“Yes, Senpai,” Akechi said. “We appreciate your assistance.”
Shinjiro grimaced. “Don’t come here again.”

“Of all the reckless things,” Kirijo muttered pinching the bridge of her nose. “What were you
all thinking?”
The four of them had returned to the dorms and reported what had occurred to Sanada and
Kirijo. Needless to say, they were none too impressed. Now, all four of them were sitting on
the same sofa while Kirijo paced in front of them, looking like an irate parent.
“I just came to protect Yukari,” Junpei yelped. “I tried to warn her!”
“I consulted our leader!” Takeba crossed her arms. “Besides, we’ve got new information
now. Does it really matter?”
“Don’t you realize how much danger you all were in?” Sanada asked. He sat on the couch
across from them, looking exhausted. “Just because you have combat experience against
shadows doesn't mean you know self-defense in the real world.”

“I guess you’re right.” Takeba sighed. She frowned. “But, um, shouldn’t we factor that into
our training?”
Kirijo didn’t seem to hear her.
“Arisato, you should’ve consulted all of us before going along with Takeba’s plan,” she said.
“If we decided it was worth the risk, we at least could have all gone together. There’s safety
in numbers.”
Arisato nodded, but Akechi wondered if he was really listening to her at all.
“I’m terribly sorry for not informing you,” Akechi said. “I didn’t realize they were being as
reckless as they were, but I should’ve informed one of you before investigating on my own.”
“Well, what’s done is done,” Sanada sighed. “It’s not your fault, Akechi. As long as you all
know not to do it again, we might as well take advantage of the information Shinji gave you.”
“Um, Senpai?” Takeba asked. “Do you two know each other?”
“You could say that.” Sanada looked up at Mitsuru, who had stopped pacing and was
standing by the armchair. “What should we do?”
“If Yamagishi is missing, Ekoda-sensei must know. I will question him on Monday.”
“Sounds like a plan.” Sanada got to his feet. “I’m going to get some shut eye. The rest of you
should get some sleep too. You’ve had an exciting day.”

On Monday, Akechi received a text from Mitsuru.
Meet us at the dorms immediately after school. We have an operation to discuss.
“Who was it?” Amada asked. They were already heading out of the school building.
“Just a roommate of mine,” Akechi said. “She wishes to discuss something with me.”
“Roommate?” Yamamoto’s confusion was evident. “But you don’t live in the dorms.”
“My living situation changed recently, and now I live in a building with multiple residents,”
Akechi said carefully. There was no need to cause a commotion over Akechi living with a
bunch of high schoolers.
“Oh,” Amada said. “How is it?”
“Perfectly adequate.” Akechi put on a small smile. “I’m well provided for, and the company
isn’t completely intolerable.”
“That’s good.” Yamamoto nodded with a happy look on her face.
“Completely?” Amada asked, narrowing his eyes.

“A few of the residents are too immature for me. Nothing worse than that.” And the one adult
who occasionally stopped by was content with child soldiers. And Kirijo wasn’t telling him
some dark secret about the Kirijo group. Nothing dire.
At least any abuse taking place was on a purely emotional standpoint.
“Yeah?” Amada’s shoulders slumped, and the smile he wore was freer than it was a few
moments ago. “What does she want to talk about?”
“Our chore assignments, most likely.”
“Ugh, chores.” Yamamoto shuddered.
“Could be worse,” Amada reasoned.
“It could always be worse,” Akechi agreed. They could be meeting to discuss what was to be
done about a girl who had gone missing multiple days ago.
Akechi promptly arrived back at the dorm. Sanada was waiting for him in the lounge.
“Mitsuru and the others are already upstairs,” he said. “I’ll fill you in on the way up.”
Unsurprisingly, Yamagishi’s homeroom teacher hushed up Yamagishi’s disappearance to
protect his reputation. Apparently, some bullies had locked Yamagishi into the gym ten days
before, but when they had come back the following day, she was gone. Those bullies were
also the students collapsing in front of the school. More surprisingly, Mitsuru was confident
that Yamagishi was still in the school.
“You think she’s trapped in Tartarus?” Akechi asked as they started up the third flight of
stairs.
“Yeah.” Sanada nodded. “Basically, she’s only been experiencing the Dark Hour, so ten days
has only been ten hours on her end.”
“That leaves some foreboding implications for our own forays into Tartarus. If we’re not
careful to leave before the hour is over, we could miss an entire day in the real world,”
Akechi said.
“Yeah… oh, and one more thing,” Sanada said. He stopped in front of the doors of the
command room. “Apparently the girls have been hearing a voice that lures them out during
the Dark Hour. Mitsuru takes that as a sign that shadows are directly targeting humans and
turning them into Lost.”
“That is a likely scenario. Although, the shadows likely have something controlling them.”
Or someone.
“Then I guess we’ll have to kill it.” Sanada smirked self-confidently as he opened the doors
of the command room. The others were already gathered.
Their meeting mostly confirmed the details that Sanada had told him about.

“We’ll be entering Tartarus the same way Fuuka did,” Sanada said, taking the lead. “One
team will enter Tartarus normally, while another team will enter through the gym.”
“We’ll use the chairman’s assistance to enter the school in the middle of the night,” Kirijo
said.
“Should we decide on the groups now?” Akechi asked. “There’s no point in arguing over it
fifteen minutes before midnight.”
“Fair point!” Iori clapped his hands together. “I’ll be going in with the gym crew, of course.”
“Of course?” Takeba asked. “After what happened on the monorail, I wouldn’t exactly give
you a vote of confidence.”
Iori put his hands together pleadingly. “I know I accidentally screwed up back there, so I
need a second chance to redeem myself. Please?”
“Accidentally?” Takeba scoffed.
“Alright, we’ll give you another chance, Junpei,” Sanada said. “I’ll go too, and you’re our
leader, so you should go as well.”
Arisato nodded, as though he wasn’t meant to be taking the lead in deciding teams. “Got it.”
“W-Wait a minute!” Takeba yelped.
“You don’t want to stay behind with Mitsuru and Akechi?” Sanada asked.
Takeba sighed. “It’s nothing.”
It was clearly not nothing. Akechi himself wasn’t enthused with having to wait outside,
especially with Kirijo. He could try to use the situation to farm more information, but Kirijo
had been very consistently tight lipped when Akechi had tried to drop any questions before.
“I’m glad we got that over with,” Akechi said. “Now, I suppose we just have to wait for the
chairman to arrive.”

The chairman did not arrive by evening. They couldn’t even get a hold of him. Akechi found
this extremely irritating. If Ikutsuki was going to use them as child soldiers, the least he could
do was be punctual when they asked for his help.
Kirijo clearly felt much the same way, pacing back and forth around the command room. She
looked near to biting her fingernails, which would be extremely unrefined for someone of her
upbringing.
“We don’t need the chairman, do we?” Takeba asked.

“Like I said before, without the chairman, I’m not sure how we are going to get into the
school,” Mitsuru said, her voice tense.
“You worry too much,” Iori said. “I’ve got it handled.”
“An explosive?” Mitsuru chuckled. “Very well, I will let you handle this.”
“We should get going,” Sanada said, standing up from his seat.
Mitsuru and Sanada both exited the command room. Akechi, Arisato, and Takeba all stared at
Iori with looks of shock, curiosity, and horror respectively.
“An explosive?” Arisato said, uncharacteristically being the first to speak.
“Oh, um, definitely not.” Iori stood up with his eyes wide. “I just unlocked a door.”
Takeba and Akechi let out a massive sigh of relief. Arisato looked almost disappointed.

True to Iori’s word, they entered the school building without any explosions involved. The
empty hallways were eerie in the darkness, but it wasn’t any worse than Tartarus itself. At
least the walls could stay still.
“Can we turn the lights on?” Takeba asked, growing more and more tense as they stepped
further into the building.
“The lighting level isn’t all that different from Tartarus.” Akechi glanced down the hall
toward the lobby. “Except, of course, there are no shadows that want to kill us.”
“Yeah, but doesn’t it remind you of those treasure floors?” Takeba asked, looking around
warily. She took a few steps back toward the wall. “The ones that are quiet because there are
no shadows, but all of a sudden you hear those chains of that reaper shadow…”
Everybody shuddered. Akechi hadn’t thought about it that way, but he could sympathize with
Takeba’s fear. The reaper was a tremendous adversary for inexperienced fighters to go
against. Akechi remembered the first time he had fought the reaper, fifteen years old and
ignorant of what he was facing.
He barely escaped with his life.
“Maybe we should turn the lights on,” Iori said. He groaned. “And now I sound like a wimp!
Thanks a lot, Yukari.”
“It’s not my fault!”
Sanada shook his head. “I hate to say it, but we should keep them off. They cut the power
anyway.”
“I don’t like sneaking around.” Takeba clutched onto her shirt sleeve tightly.

“We should split up and find the gym key as soon as possible,” Kirijo said. “Akihiko, Akechi,
and I will search the janitor’s closet. You three check the faculty office.”
“The faculty office, eh?” Iori grinned. “Maybe there will be future test questions there.”
“Seriously?” Akechi asked.
Iori continued grinning, making eye contact with Sanada knowingly.
“…Maybe I should search the faculty office,” Sanada said.
Mitsuru exhaled deeply and put her hands on her hips. “Akihiko, Junpei, you’re going with
me to the janitor’s closet. Akechi, go with the other two to make sure they don’t get into any
trouble.”
“We weren’t the ones talking about cheating,” Takeba muttered.
“Me and my big mouth,” Iori sighed.
They parted ways with the other group and headed toward the faculty office just past the
main lobby. After they had a brief scare in which Takeba was afraid of a mere security guard,
who fortunately did not see them, Arisato led the rest of the way with a strange air of
confidence.
“Do you get called down to the faculty office often?” Akechi asked.
“The nurse’s office is right next door,” Arisato said. “I go down there when I’m tired.”
“You go to Edowaga-sensei?” Takeba asked in astonishment as they stepped inside the
faculty office. “Everybody knows he’s useless in actual nursing.”
“Yeah, but his weird concoctions give me courage.”
Hadn’t Akira said something similar about visiting the clinic in his neighborhood? Something
about improving his guts.
Wildcards were really damn weird.
They found the gym key and returned to the lobby. Kirijo and the others were already waiting
for them.
“Did you find it?” Kirijo asked.
“Yep!”
Arisato held up the key in his hand. It jingled against the other keys on the key ring. Iori
jumped.
“What, scared of a few keys?” Takeba asked, obviously relishing Junpei’s fear. She took the
keys from Arisato and dangled them in front of Junpei loudly.

“It’s your fault for putting that reaper thing in my head!” Iori shuddered. “I have the heebie
geebies. Let’s just get this over with.”
“Oh, right.” Takeba handed the keys back to Arisato with a sigh.
“Let’s go,” Arisato said. He, Sanada, and Iori headed toward the gym. Akechi, Kirijo, and
Takeba stepped outside of the school building.
“I guess now we wait,” Takeba said awkwardly.
“Indeed.” Kirijo looked down at the fancy watch around her wrist. “Hopefully the others are
in position. Midnight is only a few minutes away.”
They certainly cut things close. They shouldn’t have wasted time talking to each other.
As soon as the school shifted into Tartarus, they all quickly entered the lobby. Kirijo
immediately began fiddling with the device on her bike, trying to get a signal with the others.
Takeba stood awkwardly to the side.
“Any word?” She asked.
“Not yet.” Kirijo pulled her hair behind her ear, frowning. “The transceiver is set to high
too.”
“Well, we have no idea where the gym would’ve spat them out in Tartarus,” Akechi said.
“For all we know, they’re far above any floors we’ve traversed.”
“We have to pray that’s not the case,” Kirijo said, her voice firm.
“That girl, Moriyama,” Takeba said. “I was too focused on saving Fuuka before, but do you
think she’ll be alright?”
Moriyama was the remaining bully who admitted to what she did. Mitsuru told her to hide in
her home and ignore anything telling her to go to the school, lest she collapse too. Akechi
was not optimistic for her.
“No place is completely safe from the Dark Hour, but her own home is certainly safer than
Tartarus. And having someone stay behind was out of the question.”
“I guess so,” Takeba said reluctantly, clearly not agreeing at all.
“If we save Yamagishi, Moriyama’s fate should also be circumvented,” Akechi pointed out.
“It’s clear that Yamagishi is at least somewhat connected to these girls’ conditions.”
“That’s true—“
“Mitsuru—can you hear me—?”
Sanada’s staticky voice emerged from Kirijo’s device. Kirijo immediately leaned toward it.

“Akihiko, can you hear me? Where are you?”
“Don’t know—“ Sanada’s voice cut out. “Got separ—“
“Akihiko! Come in, Akihiko!”
Takeba jogged toward the device, her face panicked. “Is he out of range? Now, I’m starting to
get worried.”
“Only now?” Akechi asked incredulously. Not that he was worried about the others’ wellbeing. He would just hate to have their mission be an utter disaster. “We should go in and
look for them.”
“What if they find a teleporter?” Takeba asked. “Maybe we should wait here.”
“And let them get killed?” Akechi stood in front of the teleporter in the Tartarus lobby. “I’m
going. If anyone would like to come—“
“Wait, I think I’m making progress,” Kirijo snapped. “Arisato, can you hear me? The
distance is too far. I can’t provide back up. You got separated from Akihiko.”
“He could probably figure out that last part for himself,” Takeba said in irritation. She
glanced awkwardly at Akechi. “Maybe we should go in and help.”
“No.” Kirijo gave them both a menacing glare. “Akechi, I know you want to help, but you
have no idea what you’re about to get into. We just need to have faith.”
“When has faith done anything for anyone?” Akechi snapped.
Takeba’s eyes widened. “Akechi-kun…”
Akechi clasped his hands together behind his back and tried to collect himself. “It is
presumptuous to assume they can all survive on their own.”
“If we continue to separate, we will only grow weaker,” Kirijo said. “You’re staying.”
Kirijo was right, as much as Akechi hated to admit it. In the heat of the moment, Akechi had
forgotten an obvious truth. Akechi would be no help to anyone dead or separated from the
rest of the group.
“Fine,” Akechi said, but Kirijo was already speaking into the transceiver.
“Akihiko and Iori aren’t on this floor. Keep looking.”
“Can they even hear you?” Akechi asked.
“I have to at least try.” Kirijo gripped onto the edge of the transceiver, her knuckles
whitening. “I can somewhat sense him up there, but everything is fuzzy.”
“Do you know what floor he’s on?” Takeba asked hopefully.

“No,” was her short response.
After another minute of waiting, Kirijo’s body tensed further to attention.
“What’s your current location? Please, answer immediately!”
“Mitsu—“ Arisato’s voice cut out immediately after it patched through, and Kirijo slumped
in defeat.
“It’s no use. My persona just doesn’t have the reach for this.”
“You’re seriously going to give up?” Takeba asked, disgust gathering in her tone. She turned
toward Akechi. “If that’s the case, maybe Akechi-kun was right. There’s only so much time
before the Dark Hour ends. We can’t just leave them here.”
“I am not giving up,” Kirijo said in fierce determination. She straightened herself as she
furiously began to adjust the transceiver. “Can you hear me? Please reply.”
Their only response was still only static, but Kirijo continued to fidget with her device.
Impatience continued to grow in Akechi. He was moments away from ignoring Kirijo’s
orders and searching for the others himself.
“This is taking too long,” Takeba snapped. “We should—“
The back wall of Tartarus exploded. Akechi slammed his body against the floor as pieces of
rubble flew above his head. Takeba shrieked, and the sound of crunching metal reverberated
in the room.
Akechi looked up. Two massive shadows were standing before them, dressed as some sort of
king and queen duo. Kirijo’s bike was damaged, but it didn’t seem to be in a state of
disrepair. Takeba was already aiming her bow at the queen shadow.
Kirijo pressed a button on the damaged transceiver. “Akihiko, are you there? Shadows have
just attacked!”
More buzzing static as Akechi jumped to his feet and grabbed hold of his saber. Takeba’s
arrow flew across the air and sailed right past the queen’s head.
“You’re meant to hit the enemy!” Akechi shouted as he ran to her side.
“Yeah, I got that!” Takeba pulled another arrow from her quiver. Meanwhile, Akechi could
hear the faint noise of Sanada’s voice coming from the transceiver.
“—hear—Mitsuru— in!”
“Just be careful—“ Kirijo was interrupted from her own sentence as the king shadow hit her
in the side. Mitsuru fell backwards with a gasp of pain.
Akechi pulled out his evoker and fired. “LOKI!”

A wave of almighty magic significantly damaged both enemies, but not enough to down
them. Akechi geared himself for another attack, but the king shadow scooped both Kirijo and
Takeba off of the ground. It held them with each hand, and there was an obvious threat in the
gesture.
If Akechi used megidolaon again, he’d hit Mitsuru and Takeba as well. If he didn’t, he’d
likely get killed.
Could Mitsuru and Takeba even survive a skill as strong as megidolaon?
Indecision on the battlefield was unacceptable. Was he willing to risk the lives of his
comrades, or would he let these stupid hulking shadows win?
The answer should’ve been obvious. Akechi brought his evoker to his head.
And yet, his finger hesitated over the trigger.
The queen shadow took that opportunity to blast Akechi with a bufula spell. The massive
chunk of ice encased him momentarily before shattering into a million pieces. The fragments
sliced through Akechi’s skin. The cold numbed Akechi’s fingers as he put away his evoker
and scrambled to get a better hold on his saber.
“You think that can stop me?” Akechi asked as he gasped for breath. “Cause you have a
whole world of hurt coming to you.”
Akechi charged at the queen, thrusting his sword into her stomach. The shadow reeled
backwards and fell, letting out a sharp shrieking sound.
Clearly, it was weak to physical attacks. Akechi turned to the other shadow, who still held
Takeba and Mitsuru hostage.
Akechi slashed at the shadow, hoping it would drop his two allies. Instead, his attack bounced
off of the shadow’s surface. The shadow took that opportunity to kick Akechi backwards. His
entire body rolled against the hard floor, and Akechi scrambled to pick himself up.
The queen shadow was preparing for another attack. Akechi took his evoker from his belt and
called Valkyrie to his aid. He aimed a physical attack directly at the queen.
The queen’s agilao spell went off just as Valkyrie’s attack connected. Akechi attempted to roll
out of the way, but his right side still got a large brunt of the fire. Blistering heat made
Akechi’s eyes water as he tried to stay conscious. The world swayed around him.
“Goro!”
Akechi couldn’t figure out where the voice was coming from, but he refused to just lay down
and die. He’d fought plenty of overly powerful shadows before. He could do it again. He just
needed—
Two hands grabbed hold of his shoulders, and Akechi blinked as Arisato shoved a bead in his
hand. Akechi crushed it on instinct. A magical wave of health rushed through his body and

closed his wounds.
Arisato didn’t linger. He ran toward the shadows alongside Iori. Sanada had stopped in his
tracks, staring at a newcomer.
“What the hell is she doing here?!” Sanada shouted.
“F-Fuuka,” the girl gasped, collapsing to her knees. Another stranger with short blue hair
who Akechi assumed was Yamagishi looked stunned.
“Moriyama-san?” Yamagishi ran to Moriyama’s keeled over form.
“Wait!” Sanada grit his teeth as he looked between the fighting party and the two girls.
Akechi took a deep breath and joined the fighting team.
“Take this!” Iori shouted, hitting the king with a fire attack. The king dropped both Kirijo and
Takeba.
“It’s weak to fire!” Arisato shouted. “Elligor!”
This time, when Arisato’s fire attack connected, it didn’t do any damage at all.
“What?!” Iori asked in astonishment.
Out of the corner of his eye, Akechi spotted the queen shadow moving away from the group.
“Watch it!”
Too late. The queen was already charging toward Yamagishi and Moriyama. Yamagishi
pulled out an evoker of all things. Where the hell had she gotten that from?
“Wait! That’s not a gun—“ Sanada ran towards Yamagishi, his hands outstretched.
Yamagishi pointed the gun at her forehead. She fired, and suddenly, a large bubble-like
barrier stood between her and the shadow. The queen was knocked backwards spectacularly.
Kirijo was helping Takeba up. “Are you alright?” She asked.
Takeba yanked her hand away from Kirijo’s. “I’m fine,” she huffed.
“Random attacks won’t work on them, and their weaknesses seem to be changing,” Kirijo
said as she and Takeba jogged to the rest of the group. They all gathered around Yamagishi’s
persona bubble as they tried to avoid the shadows’ attacks.
“I can sense something,” Yamagishi’s voice echoed telepathically in Akechi’s head.
“Freaky,” Arisato said dispassionately. “Can you tell us what they’re weak to?”
“How can you be so calm about this?!” Takeba shrieked.

“You’re right.” Yamagishi’s expression seemed very unsettled by this development as she
squeezed her eyes shut. “I can… I can sense these monsters’ weaknesses!”
“I had a feeling this would happen,” Sanada said. “Mitsuru, let her take your place. Can you
assist the others Yamagishi?”
Yamagishi nodded, her expression determined. She was taking all of this very well in stride.
“I’ll do my best!”
Takeba and Kirijo were still badly rattled from being taken hostage, so Akechi joined Arisato,
Sanada, and Iori on the front line. With Yamagishi pointing out the shadows’ weaknesses,
which seemed to change every five seconds, they eventually managed to defeat them.
Why the hell didn’t Oracle have this ability? Yamagishi was already infinitely more helpful
than Oracle had ever been.
Well, Yamagishi had yet to erect a wall that saved the entire group from certain death, so
Akechi would give Oracle credit where credit was due.
“Are there more of them?” Yamagishi asked, looking exhausted. For some godforsaken
reason, she looked at Akechi when she asked.
“Don’t worry, Yamagishi-San,” Akechi said. He gave her a weary smile. “You’re perfectly
safe now.”
Yamagishi let out a small breath right before she let go of her persona and collapsed to the
ground.
“Fuuka?!” Moriyama exclaimed, looking close to tears.
“She’s only exhausted,” Kirijo said. “Awakening a persona is no small feat. The fact that she
was able to aid you in battle for so long is nothing short of miraculous.”
Iori chuckled. “Yeah, when Akechi-kun awakened his persona, he fainted after using one
ability.”
“I didn’t awaken my persona then,” Akechi snapped.
Iori’s eyes widened. “Oh. My bad.”
Wait. That was more embarrassing. Why did Akechi say anything?
Moriyama stared at Yamagishi’s prone form with a heartbroken expression. “Fuuka, Fuuka
I…”
Sanada turned to Kirijo. “Where did these two shadows come from?”
“Somewhere outside of Tartarus, just like before,” Kirijo said.

“They did a number on the wall,” Arisato observed, looking at the hole where the exit doors
once stood.
“It should fix itself tomorrow night.” Kirijo sighed. “Speaking of which, we should get out of
here. The hour is almost up.”
“What are we going to do about Moriyama?” Takeba asked. “She knows about the Dark
Hour and those shadows…”
“She’s not like us,” Sanada said. “She won’t remember any of this. Fortunately, she didn’t
fall victim to the shadows, even though she heard their call. She should be safe for now.”
“How do the shadows call their victims to begin with?” Akechi asked. “Is there any way to
prevent that from happening?”
“We don’t know nearly enough to even know where to begin…” Kirijo’s voice lowered to a
mutter, and she frowned.
“Does this mean that Moriyama won’t remember what Fuuka did for her?” Takeba asked,
growing a little heated. “That doesn’t seem fair.”
Everyone glanced over at Moriyama, who had finally started crying. “Fuuka, I’m so sorry…
I’m sorry…”
It was remarkable. A bully actually feeling remorse without being brainwashed.
“I don’t think that will be a problem,” Kirijo said, smiling a little bit.
“Huh,” Arisato said.

Chapter End Notes

Happy one month anniversary for this fic! Thank you all so much for the support so far!
I really appreciate it <3
Fun fact, I wrote most of this chapter at Disney World on my phone back in February.
Akechi in denial over caring about his teammates. Teammates are cringe.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments (feel
free to correct typos). <3
ALSO! please check out this art that i commissioned of ken and akechi from
@renamimayaweekly on tumblr. They worked very hard on it and I like it very much <3

Chapter 11: June 9–12, 2009
Chapter Summary

Akechi's no good very bad social link
and ooOoooo backstory

Chapter Notes

tw: ptsd, panic attacks, gun, trust issues

See the end of the chapter for more notes

They took Yamagishi and Moriyama to the hospital. Akechi hadn’t realized that awakening a
persona required a full-on hospital visit, but apparently Arisato had slept for a week after
awakening his.
Kirijo saw to the hospital arrangements. Everybody else returned home to the dorms and fell
promptly asleep. Iori didn’t even make it as far as his bed. He collapsed on top of the lounge
sofa and fell asleep before anyone could say a word against it.
Akechi managed to maintain enough dignity to fall asleep on top of his own bed. When he
woke up at the early hours of the morning, Akechi went downstairs to the lounge to see the
chairman sitting at the table. Iori was still sprawled on the sofa, dead to the world.
“Ah, Akechi-kun,” Ikutsuki said, putting the cup of coffee on the table he was sitting at. “I
hadn’t realized you were such an early riser.”
“Ikutsuki-san.” Akechi bowed, his tired brain putting him on autopilot. “I guess I just wake
up at this hour instinctively.”
“Can I get you anything to eat for breakfast?” Ikutsuki asked. “The early bird gets the worm,
or the breakfast, in this case!” He giggled at his own joke.
“That is very kind of you, but I think I can manage on my own.” Akechi entered the kitchen
and grabbed a banana from the counter. He watched the chairman warily as he ate, although
he kept his face as mild as possible.
Akechi was nearly done with his breakfast as Kirijo emerged from the stairs.

“Chairman!” Kirijo tucked her hair behind her ear, looking slightly frazzled. “This is quite a
surprise.”
It was only five thirty in the morning. Akechi couldn’t expect her to be perfectly composed
all of the time.
Akechi knew how to stay composed at five-thirty in the morning, when Shido called and gave
him another target. He knew how to put a fake smile in his voice, even though he had only
just fallen asleep two hours before.
“Good morning, Mitsuru.” Ikutsuki smiled benevolently. “I heard you had a busy night. I’m
sorry that I wasn’t able to return your calls in time.”
“Pardon my rudeness, but where were you?” Kirijo asked. She schooled her expression into
one of professionalism and marched further into the living area.
“I was in the middle of a board meeting, I’m afraid.” Ikutsuki chuckled. “Besides, it seemed
to work out in the end. You’ve even recruited a new member.”
Kirijo smiled slightly. “It’s not official quite yet, I’m afraid.” She entered the kitchen and
pulled out yogurt from the fridge. “She hasn’t consented to joining our team.”
“I’m sure she will.” Ikutsuki’s voice was full of confidence as he took another sip of his
coffee. “After all you did for her.”
“I’d hate for Yamagishi to feel indebted to us,” Kirijo said reluctantly, although she wasn’t
pushing against the thought as firmly as she should have. “Saving lives should be its own
reward.”
“I’m not suggesting such a thing in the slightest.” Ikutsuki looked quite shocked, even though
that was exactly what he had been implying. “I only meant that she seems very willing to join
the cause, from what I’ve heard.”
“Who told you about the events of last night?” Akechi asked Ikutsuki, trying not to sound as
suspicious as he felt.
“Sanada gave me the rundown after Mitsuru didn’t answer her phone.”
Mitsuru’s face flushed. “My phone ran out of batteries. I apologize.”
“No harm done.” Ikutsuki shook his head. “I’d be a hypocrite if I scolded you for not paying
enough attention to your cell phone anyhow, wouldn’t I?”
“I suppose you’re right.”
Ikutsuki looked at Akechi, who was dropping his banana peel into the trash can. “How about
you, Akechi-kun? Did you like being officially involved in one of SEES major operations?”
Akechi’s smile felt a bit more forced. “It was certainly fascinating to see the others’ response
to an unexpected adversary. Seeing as Yamagishi was safely rescued, I expect the celebration

to be very cheerful.”
Iori chose that moment to sit straight up from his awkward position on the couch. “Huh?
Celebration? What’re we celebrating?”
Akechi frowned. He supposed it had been presumptive to think SEES did the same exorbitant
celebrations the Phantom Thieves engaged in every time they changed someone’s heart.
Akira informed Akechi that they even went to Destiny Land of all places, and that Okumura
had gotten the park rented out. With Kirijo in the group, Akechi assumed SEES behaved
similarly.
Kirijo hummed. “A celebration? I admit, the thought hadn’t occurred to me.”
“Are we going out to eat?” Iori asked, jumping to even more conclusions than Akechi had.
“Somewhere fancy? I could go for some fancy food tonight, after everything we went
through.”
“Is that really practical?” Kirijo asked.
“Every human life is worth celebrating,” Ikutsuki said. He smiled. “How about this? Seeing
as you saved Yamagishi and defeated two of those dangerous shadows, we can have dinner
on me tonight. I know a very nice place we can go. As a matter of fact, I’ll try my best take
you out every time you defeat a dangerous shadow.”
“Wow, that’s awfully generous,” Iori said, finally showing some restraint. “Are you sure?”
“Chairman, I must insist–” Kirijo began.
“It’s on me,” Ikutsuki said firmly. “You kids deserve a treat every now and then for protecting
the entire city from danger. It’s more than most adults could handle.”
Akechi noted the excessive kindness. He put it in the mental folder he liked to call things he
owed Ikutsuki. He vaguely wondered when Ikutsuki would use all of this gratuitous kindness
against them.
“Wow, thanks!” Iori jumped to his feet. “You too, Akechi-kun, for putting the idea in his
head!”
“I didn’t mean–”
Iori wasn’t listening. “Woo-hoo! I’m going to eat well tonight!”
“What is going on down there?” Takeba’s muffled voice called from the stairs.
Iori whooped again and sprinted up the stairs. “Yuka-tan, guess what–!”

By the time evening rolled around, everybody was thrilled to gather around the front of the
dorm to follow Ikutsuki to their mystery dinner. Arisato was the only exception. When

Takeba asked if he was coming along with the others, he just shook his head.
“What?” Takeba snapped. She was easily insulted. “Why not?!”
“I’m not interested,” he said. He didn’t even bother to take off his headphones.
The bags underneath his eyes were rather significant. Had he gotten any sleep last night? It
was a wonder he was awake enough to respond to Takeba at all.
“But you’re an integral member of this group!” Takeba jumped to her feet furiously. “How
could you not be interested?!”
“If he doesn’t want to go, just let him be–” Iori began, but Takeba rounded toward him with
fire in her eyes.
“He’s our leader! He should take a more active part in our group! Instead, you just stand in
the corner with your headphones on while we do all the heavy lifting!”
Arisato kept his eyes trained on the ground. He stayed perfectly still, which was the only
reason Akechi thought he might actually be listening to a word Takeba said.
“Are you even listening to me?!” Takeba shrieked. “Take off those stupid headphones!”
Arisato did nothing of the sort. Instead, he walked up the stairs without another word, even as
Takeba continued to hurl insults and entreaties toward him.
“Takeba…” Kirijo said softly, looking a little awkward herself.
“I’m not the only one, right?!” Takeba demanded. She took a deep breath and lowered her
voice. “It bothers the rest of you too, doesn’t it?”
Akechi kept his expression perfectly neutral. As much as he would love to take a leaf out of
Takeba’s book and air out all of his frustrations to the entire group, the last thing they needed
was enmity between team members. Akechi would prefer not to get killed in the middle of a
critical fight because nobody could get along. He’d seen how disastrously Joker’s group fell
apart after Morgana had his pity party.
“Maybe a little bit,” Iori admitted reluctantly. “But come on, today’s meant to be a day of
celebration! Not getting angry.”
“I’ll speak to him about it later,” Kirijo said. “I agree that he’s been a bit… aloof, about all of
this.”
Takeba balled her fists and sighed. “Fine.” She put on a fake smile. “Junpei’s right. Let’s just
have a good dinner together. Or, well, mostly together.”
Ikutsuki chose that moment to return to the dorm, beaming. “Are we all ready to go?”
Ikutsuki took them to a sushi place that was located inside one of the most prestigious hotels
in Iwatodai. Akechi was astonished that Ikutsuki was dumping so much money on one

measly celebration, but the Kirijo group was likely assisting in the funds.
The dinner itself was mostly uneventful. Akechi was half-way through eating the cheapest
dish he could find on the menu, the grilled vegetables, as Iori licked the rest of his plate
clean.
“Man, that was delicious!” He stretched his arms out dramatically. His expression suddenly
slackened. “But now I think I need to find a restroom.”
Iori leapt to his feet just as another guest walked into his path. The resulting crash ended with
the stranger falling backwards against an empty table as Iori struggled to keep his balance.
“Watch where you’re going!” the stranger snapped with a sickeningly familiar voice. Akechi
froze as Iori bowed, apologizing hurriedly.
Shido Masayoshi was certainly younger than he was almost a decade from now. His face was
clean shaven, free of the goatee that made him so recognizable in the future. There was still
hair on his head, cut very short. He looked closer to the one photo Akechi had found in his
mother’s dresser drawers one night when he was seven and she was working. A photo that
Akechi had later committed to memory so that he might one day find Shido and make him
pay.
Shido Masayoshi stood in front of a flustered Iori, somehow looking every bit the same as he
did when Akechi saw him last. The same scowl. The same overly commanding air. The same
killable face.
“I apologize for my friend, Shido-san,” Akechi said. His voice felt distant, even more highpitched and fake than usual. He stood up and bowed alongside Iori. “Please forgive his
rudeness.”
Shido looked briefly taken aback before he brushed past Iori and Akechi, muttering
something about stupid children. Oh, how Shido hated children. How he wished every one of
them would just conveniently die by "suicide" while in prison. How he waited for his own
cognitions to kill his illegitimate son.
Akechi couldn’t breathe as he sat back down.
“That was rude,” Iori observed, his expression rattled. He sat back down, clearly forgetting
his previous restroom plans.
“You should’ve looked where you were going,” Sanada said, taking another bite of his sushi.
Akechi still couldn’t breathe.
“Don’t you realize who that was?” Akechi forced out, clutching his chopsticks tightly.
“You called him Shido, didn’t you?” Mitsuru asked. “I believe he’s a politician, although I
don’t hear him discussed often. Nobody of significant importance.”

Nobody of significant importance. Of course not. Shido hadn’t begun to rise to fame in the
public eye until Akechi had come along. It was still four years before that time.
If Shido was currently nobody of significant importance, why did Akechi currently feel like
the man had him in a choke hold?
Akechi glanced over his shoulder. Shido was sitting only a few tables away, and Akechi
recognized another man at his table that had played a smaller role in the conspiracy. Shido
turned his head in Akechi’s direction. For a fraction of a second, they made eye contact.

“Thou art I… and I am Thou
Thou hast established a new bond…

One that furthers thy voyage for redemption

Thou shalt be blessed when creating
Personas of the Tower Arcana…”

No. No. Hell no.
Akechi did not know what powers of the universe controlled who Akechi bonded with, but
Akechi was going to march into the Velvet Room and grab Igor by his long damn nose–
“Akechi-kun?” Mitsuru’s voice asked, breaking through the pure rage that had dominated his
thoughts. “Are you alright?”
Akechi stood up just as abruptly as Iori had moments before. “I apologize,” he said sweetly.
“I think I need to use the restrooms myself. I’ll be back in a minute.”
Akechi turned around and walked toward the exit, blessedly in the opposite direction as the
table where Shido sat. He didn’t want to look at the man, much less walk past him and hear
his belittling voice, and remember how desperately Akechi wanted to murder that bastard–
“Akechi-kun!”
Akechi blinked. He stopped in his tracks in the middle of the hall leading to the bathrooms.
Mitsuru jogged to catch up with him.
“What’s going on?” Kirijo asked, her voice as business-like as always. As Akechi began
striding forward again, Mitsuru walked alongside him. “Who was that man to you?”

“He was nothing,” Akechi said. “He is nothing.”
“Please don’t lie–”
“Kirijo-san, pardon my rudeness, but you have no business lecturing me on lying when you
keep so many secrets from the rest of us.” Akechi stopped walking and rounded toward
Kirijo, wearing his deadliest smile. “If I tell you what you want to know, will you tell me how
and why the Kirijo group created the Dark Hour? Will you tell me SEES’ true purpose? Or
will you continue to leave me in the dark while you get to know every single part of my dark
past?”
“Akechi–”
“My life is my own, and I would like to be properly informed on what I am doing with it for
once. I would like to know what cause I am actually furthering, instead of the pretty world
peace label you’ve presented to everyone else. You might think I’m just a child, but children
aren’t actually all stupid, I think you will find that we are actually quite–”
“Akechi-kun–”
“--intuitive if you give us the chance, and maybe if more adults realized this, the world would
actually treat us with some respect–”
“Breathe, Akechi!”
“I am breathing!” Akechi all but screamed.
The silence that fell between them was deafening. Akechi could hear his heart pound in his
ears, and he realized that he wasn’t really breathing at all. Air entered his lungs in shallow
bursts. His head swam. Other guests were milling around; they were so damn loud. Was
Shido among them? Shido couldn’t see Akechi like this–Akechi was a mess, how would he
react–“What do you need right now?” Mitsuru asked softly.
Akechi inhaled sharply. “I need… I need some place to think.” He turned around and started
walking away, although he had no clue where he was going. Kirijo began following him.
“Alone.”
“I don’t think that’s advisable at the moment,” Kirijo said. “Besides, you’re heading back to
the restaurant.”
Akechi dug his fingernails into his palms, trying to force the pain to bring him back to reality.
“Fine.”
Mitsuru led him to a small courtyard area of the hotel. It was mostly quiet. Quiet enough for
Akechi to catch his breath, at least.
“Is there anything else you need–”

“I’m fine,” Akechi snapped. He took multiple steps away from Kirijo, not wanting any of her
misplaced pity. “Don’t look at me like that.”
“I’m afraid I don’t understand.”
“You look at me like I’m some–some thing!” Akechi shouted. “Like I’m some pathetic rag
that needs your love and pity! I’m not your plaything!”
Kirijo’s face remained impassive. “Of course you’re not. I would never think such a thing.”
“Don’t make me laugh.” Akechi ran his fingers through his hair. Why wouldn’t his head stop
hurting? “You see me as a charity case, don’t you? Poor unfortunate Akechi needs the help of
a filthy rich heiress to a corrupt group of bastards–”
Kirijo’s face lit to life, like a fire that was sparked by those final words. “Don’t you dare talk
about my father that way–”
“And why shouldn’t I?!” Akechi laughed. “You’re all the same, always after more power,
more money, unable to see how damn lucky you really are–”
“That’s not true!”
“Why don’t you prove it?!” Akechi marched up to Mitsuru and glared up at her. “Can I really
believe a single word you say?”
“Akechi-kun, please–”
“When have you ever told us the whole truth of our situation?” Akechi demanded. “When?”
“...You’re right.”
Mitsuru’s voice was barely audible over the pounding in Akechi’s own ears, but he heard
them all the same.
“What?”
“You can’t trust a word I say,” Mitsuru said. She slumped. “You’re right to be so paranoid.”
“It’s not paranoia if it's true,” Akechi spat. He took a few steps back, crossing his arms. “Are
you going to tell me the truth now?”
“Yes.” Mitsuru nodded. “But not here. I’ll explain everything back at the dorm. Can you
believe that?”
It sounded like an empty promise. Kirijo would continue postponing until Akechi got fed up.
Akechi shouldn’t even give her an inch of space to get away from this.
But they were in a public place. Akechi wouldn’t want to air out his dirty laundry here either.
“Fine.” Akechi turned away. “But you tell me everything.”

“It’s a promise.”
As if Akechi believed in those.
Empress Arcana: Rank 3

It was torture to return to the dining area and see Shido still sitting a few tables behind them.
Akechi wasn’t about to show any more weakness than he already had, so he walked with his
chin up and sat down as though nothing had happened.
“You both took a while,” Takeba observed. “Is everything okay?”
“Everything’s fine,” Akechi said. “I apologize for worrying you.”
“That’s alright.” To her credit, Takeba actually looked genuinely relieved. “I was a little
rattled when Junpei got yelled at too. It was good of you to try to take the heat off of him.”
“In the future, you should look where you’re going,” Akechi told Iori coldly.
“Don’t worry, I’m not going to make that mistake again.” Iori shivered. “That guy was
scary.”
After they finished eating, they all returned to the dorms. Akechi and Mitsuru immediately
marched upstairs to the command room. According to Mitsuru, that was the best place to
explain everything.
They found Arisato already sitting there, inspecting the console.
“What are you doing here?” Akechi demanded.
“Mitsuru wanted me to try and repair the command room,” Arisato said briefly. He stood up.
“I figured I’d do that while the rest of you are gone.”
“Any luck?” Mitsuru asked.
“Nope.”
Mitsuru sighed. “I’ll have another look at it later. Do you think you could give us some
privacy? I have something private to discuss with Akechi-kun.”
Arisato raised his eyebrows and exited the room without complaint. Mitsuru locked the door
behind him before sitting down on the sofa.
“Do you want to sit?” Mitsuru asked. “It isn’t a pretty story.”
Akechi sat down on one of the ottomans across Mitsuru. He crossed his arms. “Alright.
Talk.”

“Right.” Mitsuru clasped her hands together. “Over a decade ago, the Kirijo group discovered
the existence of Shadows. Shadows have many extraordinary abilities. They can even impact
time and space. What if you could harness that power?”
“It would make an extraordinary weapon to destroy all of your enemies,” Akechi interrupted.
“I guessed as much.”
Kirijo nodded. “That was the line of thinking my grandfather, Kirijo Kouetsu, followed. He
was obsessed with shadows and their potential. He assembled a team of scientists and, after
several years, gathered a large amount of shadows.”
“He gathered shadows?” Akechi asked. “Outside of the dark hour? How?”
“The dark hour didn’t exist back then,” Kirijo said. She stared at her lap. “Shadows existed
within this corner of reality. My grandfather became obsessed with finding out more, but, ten
years ago, during the final stages of their experiment, they lost control of the shadows’
power.”
“Thus, the explosion?” Akechi asked wearily.
Mitsuru nodded. “I’m sure you’ve already figured this out, but the experiments were being
done at the lab where the school now is. That’s how the Dark Hour and Tartarus came to be.”
“That hardly explains anything.” Akechi glared at Kirijo disdainfully. “How did the shadows
create the dark hour? What specifically was your grandfather researching? How did he come
to know about shadows to begin with?”
“I–I’m afraid I don’t know all of the specifics.” Mitsuru hugged herself. “I was quite young.
According to reports, the mass of shadows they collected split up into larger ones, such as the
ones we fought when saving Yamagishi. My grandfather was also interested in personas… he
was the one who developed the evokers.”
“We’re using the weapons designed by your power-hungry grandfather?” Akechi asked.
“We have no other options!” Mitsuru’s voice cracked. “I’m sorry for not telling you the full
truth, but getting members for SEES was my top priority. I swear, our only goal is to
eliminate the Dark Hour.”
“Maybe that’s your only intention,” Akechi said coldly. “How can you trust your father to
feel the same?”
Mitsuru stood up suddenly. “My father is nothing like my grandfather. He wants to right the
mistakes of the past.”
“I just think you’re being extremely trusting!” Akechi stood up after her. “Do you have proof
that he’s not using you?”
“My father cares about me–He cares about everyone–”

“You know how many times I’ve heard that line about the worst people out there?” Akechi
asked. “What proof do you have?”
“I…” Mitsuru looked away. “I don’t–”
“What the hell?” Takeba’s muffled voice emerged from the other side of the door. “Mitsuru,
you’d better unlock this door right now and explain what the hell is going on!”
Akechi had never seen Mitsuru look more miserable in her life. She unlocked the doors, and
Takeba burst in with a fit of rage.
“You lied to us this entire time?!” she shrieked. “How could you?!”
“Now, Yukari–” Ikutsuki entered the room alongside her. “Mitsuru can’t be blamed for what
happened.”
“She should’ve told us the truth!”
Arisato, Iori, and Sanada all entered the room as well. Had they all been huddled around the
door and eavesdropping?
“She was seven,” Arisato said. It was the most empathetic thing Akechi had heard him say.
“When I was seven my father–” Takeba shut her mouth, shaking in rage. “Never mind.”
Mitsuru tensed. “Takeba–”
“I said never mind!” Takeba stormed out of the room, leaving the others to stare awkwardly
at each other.
“How long were you all listening?” Mitsuru asked.
“Most of the conversation,” Iori said. “Except for Akihiko-senpai and Ikutsuki-san. They
came in near the end.”
“Is privacy a concept that is lost on you?” Akechi asked Arisato snidely.
Arisato looked away.
“Maybe everyone should get to bed,” Ikutsuki said. “It’s been a long night.”
Akechi rolled his eyes.

“I know that’s not how you wanted them to find out,” Akihiko said after everyone else had
left. Mitsuru collapsed back onto the sofa, clutching onto her hair.
“They were going to find out eventually,” she sighed. “Although that was… messier than I
planned.”

“I’m surprised you were going to tell Akechi before the others,” Akihiko said. “What
happened?”
“He confronted me. I figured I owed him the truth before he continued assuming we were
going to take over Japan with the Dark Hour.”
“He thought that?”
“He implied it.”
Akihiko whistled. “Just when I think I have that kid pegged; he keeps surprising me.”
“Yes… he has a… grim perspective on humanity.”
Akihiko frowned and sat next to Mitsuru. “Is this about what he said about your father?”
Mitsuru said nothing.
“Don’t let him get to you, Mitsuru.” Akihiko gave her a small smile. “He doesn’t trust
anyone. Your father’s a good man. Don’t go doubting him now.”
Mitsuru swallowed before arching her back. “Of course not.”
Mitsuru had total faith in her father. Her father was a good man.
Right?

“Home really sucks.”
Akira draped himself dramatically on the command room sofa. Akechi stayed standing,
giving him a perplexed look.
“Where did that come from?”
“But, hey, at least I have you to keep me company when the going is rough.” Akira smiled. “I
miss you, you know.”
“Shut up.”
“Home sucks, but dreams like these suck worse.” Akira pouted. “I hate them.”
“You miss me, but you hate it when I’m in your dreams?” Akechi asked. He turned away, and
he spotted Shido in the distance. “You make no sense.”
“What are you looking at?” Akira asked.
Shido was getting closer. Akechi narrowed his eyes. “I thought Shido was dealt with.”

“Yeah, we changed his heart.” Akira stood next to Akechi. “But I guess he’s here now.
Strange. Guess that’s a side effect of time travel”
Shido was getting closer to Akechi. Akechi didn’t bother to move as he spoke. “You’re the
strange one–”

Akechi’s alarm jolted him awake. As the incessant beeping continued, Akechi stared dully at
his plain ceiling.
Why did he have to keep dreaming about him? Why couldn’t he just forget Akira ever
existed?
But no. The universe hated him. Akechi would do well to not forget that.
Tensions were high during breakfast that day. Takeba brooded in the corner of the kitchen
area, very much not looking at Mitsuru. Mitsuru was sitting on the sofa, sipping her coffee
and staring at her mug like it was the only thing in existence.
Akechi glared at Arisato, who sat next to him at the dining room table. “You had no right to
tell her to eavesdrop,” he said.
“I didn’t. She chose to do that.”
“You shouldn’t have told her we were having a private conversation to begin with.”
“She asked. I answered.”
Akechi didn’t deign that with a response. Apparently, trying to reason with Arisato was a
hopeless cause.
That night, Akechi wandered about during the Dark Hour, waiting for either Takaya or
Shinjiro to suddenly appear. He wondered if he was about to be disappointed, but Takaya
arrived approximately five minutes before the Dark Hour ended, right on schedule.
“And what are you doing, wandering about on a night like this?” Takaya asked as Akechi
continued to walk down the empty streets. “With such little protection too.”
Akechi was only armed with his evoker, but he had pure confidence in his ability to take
Takaya down with just his personas.
“I still have questions for you,” Akechi said coldly. “But I think you’ll be disappointed to
know that Kirijo told me her version of events.”
“If you’re so sure you know everything, what do you need me for?”
“Didn’t you hear me?” Akechi turned around to face Takaya and began walking backwards.
He didn’t want to get shot in the back. “I heard Kirijo’s version of events. Now, I would like
to hear yours.”

Takaya tilted his head thoughtfully. “Maybe I will,” he said evasively. “But, come to think of
it, I know very little about you, young Goro–”
Akechi pointed his evoker at Takaya on instinct. “Do not call me Goro.”
Takaya raised his arms in surrender, his face looking more amused than intimidated. “Such
hostility. Do you truly hate your name that much?”
“I don’t want it coming out of your filthy mouth.”
“I’ve observed you and your comrades.” Takaya took a few steps forward, lowering his arms.
“It seems the name comes out of nobody’s mouth. One would think you’d want to be rid of it
entirely—”
“That’s none of your business.” Akechi turned his evoker toward his head. “Unless you want
to exchange information, drop it.”
“I do, in fact, wish to exchange information.” Takaya began pacing around Akechi. “It’s a
question I’ve already asked you before, so I’m afraid you will be unwilling to answer.”
“What do I fear?” Akechi asked. “Do you really think I’m going to give you a free weapon to
use against me?”
“I’ll tell you what I fear.” Takaya’s smile was mocking. “But you have to give me the answer
I seek first.”
Akechi tightened his grip on his evoker. If he gave Takaya an untruthful answer, would
Takaya take the bait and give Akechi something to work with?
It was worth trying, at least.
“I’m afraid of death,” Akechi lied. He had already died once. It had been an incredibly
disappointing experience.
Akechi couldn’t decide if Takaya looked disappointed or excited. “But death is nothing to
fear. What is death but rebirth?”
“I didn’t come here for a philosophy lesson,” Akechi said. He lowered his evoker. Takaya had
yet to pull out his own gun. “What are you so afraid of, if it isn’t your entire existence getting
snuffed out?”
“It’s quite simple. I’m afraid of attachment.”
That bastard.
What the hell was Akechi meant to do with that? He gave that information freely knowing
that Akechi wouldn’t be able to use that to his advantage at all. What was Akechi meant to
do? Become friends with Takaya? That wouldn’t work even if Akechi could stomach hanging
around the man for more than two minutes.

“That’s it?” Akechi asked.
“Nothing is more dangerous than a man with nothing to lose,” Takaya said. “Without
attachment, I am a man with nothing to lose. I don’t fear death. I don’t fear my enemies. I am
immovable.”
“And what are the other members of Strega to you?” Akechi asked.
“They are aligned with my cause,” Takaya said. “We understand each other perfectly.”
They understand that they aren’t attached to each other, even though they clearly were to a
certain extent. Comrades weren’t comrades if there was no attachment whatsoever.
“You don’t really fear attachment.” Akechi glanced at the moon, which was beginning to
wane. “You fear weakness.”
“Attachment is the first source of weakness. Wouldn’t you agree?”
“Friends, teammates? To hell with that!”
“I miss you.”
Akechi didn’t have a good response to that, but he knew saying nothing would be just as
good as an admission.
“This isn’t about me. Are you going to answer my questions now?”
The city noisily came to life, and Takaya disappeared amidst the random pedestrians that
populated the sidewalk. Akechi hid his evoker underneath his shirt as he hurried back to the
dorms.
He really hated that man.
Hermit Arcana: Rank 3

Yamagishi recovered enough to join them back at the dorms the following evening.
Everybody gathered at the command center, although Takeba still didn’t look pleased to be
stuck in the same room as Mitsuru. They sat on opposite ends of the sofa, refusing to look
each other in the eye.
Yamagishi sat on one of the ottomans, glancing between Mitsuru and Takeba nervously.
“D-did I do something wrong?” she asked.
“Not at all,” Mitsuru said quickly. “It’s just… I’ll explain everything later.”
Takeba snorted. “Yeah right.”

“Let’s not worry about that right now,” Ikutsuki said, smiling easily. “For now, we should be
welcoming to our guest. You’re Yamagishi Fuuka, correct?”
As if Ikutsuki hadn’t known since Yamagishi was admitted into the hospital. Who exactly
was Ikutsuki trying to fool?
Yamagishi jumped to her feet and bowed. “Yes sir!”
Ikutsuki laughed. “No need to be so formal. Why don’t you have a seat?”
Yamagishi nodded, her face flushed in embarrassment. She sat back down.
“You all did a great job discovering the truth,” Ikutsuki told the group. “The three girls have
regained consciousness.”
Yamagishi let out an audible sigh of relief.
“From what I understand, they snuck out to the school before the Dark Hour and waited for
the security guard to leave. When the Dark Hour began, they got attacked by shadows.
Although, the truth got twisted when rumors of a ghost started popping up.”
“I mean, can you really blame them?” Sanada asked. “The general public doesn’t know about
the Dark Hour. People needed some sort of explanation as to what was happening.”
“But a ghost? I mean, come on.” Takeba rolled her eyes. “I knew it was all fake from the
start.”
Yamagishi looked downcast. “It’s all my fault.”
“Are you kidding?” Takeba exclaimed, looking shocked out of her broodiness for a moment.
“You were a victim!”
“But I made everyone worry…”
“Don’t blame yourself, Yamagishi-senpai,” Akechi said. “It’s those girls' faults for locking
you in the gym to begin with.”
“But–”
Mitsuru stood up. “We might have lost that fight if you weren’t there to help us,” she said.
“You saved our lives. Be proud of that. You have a special power that can be used to help
others.”
“A special power?”
“Are you kidding me right now?” Takeba jumped to her feet. “You can’t just pull that same
crap on her like you did to all of us! You need to tell her the full truth.”
“Now, Yukari–” Ikutsuki began.

“No!” Takeba rounded toward the chairman. “You can’t just drag other people into your mess
without telling them the whole truth! It’s not right.”
“She’s kind of right,” Iori said reluctantly. “I mean, we only know the whole story because
we were eavesdropping. Maybe you should tell her straight out.”
Mitsuru hesitated before nodding. “You’re right.” She sighed. “Of course, Yamagishi needs to
hear the entire story.”
Mitsuru sat back down, and Takeba sat down as well, still wearing an extremely irritated
expression. Mitsuru then proceeded to explain the entire story of her grandfather
experimenting on shadows, the origin of Tartarus, and SEES’ mission.
“So… using my persona, I can help you stop the shadows?” Yamagishi asked.
Mitsuru gave a small nod. “That’s correct.”
“But nobody’s pressuring you,” Takeba hastened to add. “If this all seems like too much, it’s
okay if you don’t want to join.”
Yamagishi’s expression hardened. “I’ll do it.”
“Really?” Akechi wasn’t sure what Takeba expected her to say. Even with the whole truth,
do-gooders like Yamagishi would have a hard time refusing to help a group that was
protecting others. “You’ll have to live in the dorms…”
“That’s fine.” Yamagishi straightened her posture, resolve written all over her face. “I’d
rather live here than at home anyway.”
“I can relate to that,” Iori said, smiling.
“Thank you.” Relief riddled Mitsuru’s face. What did she expect would happen? She didn’t
seriously believe that everyone would blame her for something that happened when she was
seven?
Maybe she thought everyone would behave like Akechi and think she was still following up
her grandfather’s research. If Akechi was being completely honest with himself, a part of him
still wondered if that was true.
“We’ll sort out the details of your new residence later,” Ikutsuki said. “For now, we should
discuss those special shadows that appeared. It seems that Akihiko is right, and their
appearances happen on the full moon.”
“Like a werewolf?” Iori asked, like an idiot.
“Does the Dark Hour have more or less power with the phases of the moon?” Akechi asked.
“Would shadows be at their weakest during the new moon?”
“It’s an interesting theory. One I’m sure our leader will employ later,” Ikutsuki said
cheerfully. “For now, however, we can predict when the special shadows appear.”

“That will be a huge advantage,” Sanada said with a pleased smile. “They won’t be able to
catch us off guard anymore, so you better make sure you’re prepared to enter the ring.”
Sanada gave Arisato a sharp look at that. Arisato nodded.
Later that night, Akechi considered going out during the Dark Hour again. He didn’t
particularly want to speak to Takaya, but he could speak with Shinjiro again. Social links still
existed, after all.
Although, Akechi knew of one social link he was never going to rank up.
When Akechi reached the lounge, he spotted Mitsuru sitting by herself on the sofa. She was
staring down at a closed book in her hand, looking grim.
For some inexplicable reason, Akechi sat down on the couch across from her.
“Oh, Akechi-kun,” Mitsuru said. She tucked her hair behind her ear. “I’m sorry. I didn’t see
you there.”
“That’s quite alright, Mitsuru-senpai.” Akechi smiled. “I just wondered if you wanted to talk,
that’s all.”
“Talk?” Mitsuru ran her fingers down the spine of her book. “I’m not sure if there’s anything
to talk about.”
“I thought it was very commendable of you to tell Yamagishi the truth earlier.” Akechi wasn’t
even lying.
Mitsuru chuckled bitterly. “It would have been foolish not to, after Takeba confronted me
about it in front of Yamagishi. Although, I would have told her anyway. Everybody else
knows.”
“Do you regret it?”
“Regret what?”
“Everybody finding out.”
Mitsuru didn’t say anything for a moment, and the clock ticked loudly in the silence.
Eventually, she placed her book down on the coffee table and looked directly up at Akechi.
“I regret Takeba’s mistrust in me, but it’s my own fault for not telling her the truth straight
out. And I regret…” Mitsuru trailed off. “What about you Akechi-kun? Is there anything you
regret?”
“I regret trusting the wrong people,” Akechi admitted vaguely. “Even though I didn’t even
realize I was trusting them.”
“I know the feeling.” Mitsuru closed her eyes. “My grandfather was never the gentlest man,
but… I trusted him. My father did too.”

“Adults always let you down.” Sometimes, children did too. Akechi knew he had let Akira
down. Akira had let him down too.
“Sometimes.” Mitsuru stood up. “But not always. My father has always supported me. The
chairman too.”
“Your father is letting you clean up his father’s mess,” Akechi pointed out, standing up after
her. If she really was to be trusted, Mitsuru had to realize that her father was full of crap.
“It was my own choice.”
“You think that matters?”
People made choices all of the time. Evil people enabled those choices.
“Enough.” Mitsuru glared at Akechi. “I trust my father.”
Clearly.
“Anyhow, with Yamagishi joining the group, I’ll no longer have to act in support,” Mitsuru
continued. She sat back down. “I hope Takeba will trust me while we are in battle together.”
Akechi wouldn’t count on it.
Empress Arcana: Rank 4

The next morning, Akechi received a call from an unknown number. He ignored it at first,
but the number kept calling him.
“Who is this?” he asked upon finally answering.
“Hello, Akechi-kun,” Theodore’s voice said.
Akechi’s rage and horror from the day before came rushing back to him. “What the hell do
you want?”
“O-oh, um, you see, a change has occurred in Tartarus,” Theodore said hurriedly. “Areas that
you weren’t able to access before are now open to you.”
“Is that all?” Akechi asked, grinding his teeth together.
“Yes.”
Akechi hung up on him without another word. He then tossed his phone across the room. It
dented the wall, but the phone itself was fine.
He did not miss how fragile modern phones were.

Chapter End Notes

Akechi keeps stumbling into the worst possible social links, rip
ALSO, I don't know how people feel about the current update schedule, so if y'all would
do this quick survey, I would be very grateful :3
Shout out to jellitichi and luniise-kel on tumblr for their wonderful fanart! They are both
very cool artists so please check them out and give them support <33
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments (feel
free to correct typos). <3

Chapter 12: June 12–21, 2009
Chapter Summary

akechi's just having fun and making friends ^-^
he's VERY GOOD at it too

Chapter Notes

tw: tiny bit of violence, ptsd, references to death

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“What’s on your mind?”
Akechi glanced between his phone in his hand and Shinjiro. It was still the Dark Hour, so his
phone wasn’t functional. That didn’t stop Akechi from staring at it as though it were an alien
object from a children’s cartoon.
Shinjiro seemed to have caught onto Akechi’s strange behavior. Akechi pocketed his phone.
“A classmate invited me to see a movie on Sunday,” Akechi explained. “I was startled by the
invitation.”
“That’s one word for it,” Shinjiro snorted. “Who’s this classmate? A friend of yours?”
“That’s a bit strong,” Akechi muttered. “He’s just an acquaintance.”
Shinjiro raised his eyebrows. “Am I just your acquaintance?”
“We hardly see each other. What else would we be?”
Shinjiro nodded approvingly before standing up and staring at the sky. The stars weren’t
visible during the Dark Hour, but the murky clouds were still a sight to behold. Just not a
particularly nice one.
“Good,” Shinjiro said. “You don’t want to be friends with me. I’m glad you have different
friends.”
“He is just an acquaintance,” Akechi reiterated. “I don’t know why he’s invited me to this
movie.”

“Why is it bothering you so much?” Shinjiro asked. “People get bored and hang out with
other people.”
“Other people doesn’t include me.”
Akechi had never been invited out before. Not without an ulterior motive, that is, and
certainly not by a peer. Akira had tried, once. Akechi had brushed him off, saying he would
be the one to initiate contact when he was available. Akira had stayed true to that, always
waiting for Akechi to text first.
Amada hadn’t even asked permission. Akechi had just been lying in bed the night before
when his phone chimed. When Akechi picked up his device, he saw a short message from
Amada.
Amada Ken: Want 2 see a movie on Sunday w me
Akechi barely had time to blink at the invitation before a new message came through.
Amada Ken: Its superheroes.
Akechi began composing an appropriate response—he dearly missed smart phone keyboards
— when Amada texted him yet again.
Amada Ken: Thought u might like it no pressure lol.
Akechi finally managed to send a simple reply without interruption.
Akechi Goro: Id be happy to come. Thank you.
Amada Ken: U text like a old man
They agreed to meet at the shrine at noon. Akechi was still confused.
“Don’t get too worked up over this,” Shinjiro said. “I can guarantee that your acquaintance
just wants to fill his afternoon.”
“I’m not worked up.” Akechi irritably pocketed his phone. “I’m being cautious.”
“Stabbing is terrible movie theater etiquette.”
“I never said—“ Akechi wasn’t sure what he expected to get out of this conversation.
Shinjiro was cautious, but he spent time with Akechi. The chances of him seeing Amada as a
potential threat was minimal. “Forget it. I should be heading back.”
“I hope the movie is good.”
Akechi stood up. “Just shut up.”
Shinjiro’s scoff sounded much more like a hacking cough.

Akechi arrived at the shrine twenty minutes before noon. Normally, on his dates with Akira,
Akechi would have to wait alone for at least ten minutes before Akira would show up. It
wasn’t Akira’s fault. Akechi just preferred to be ridiculously early than face the consequences
of lateness.
To Akechi’s surprise, Amada was already at the shrine. More surprisingly, Takeba and Iori
were there was well.
“This is unexpected,” Akechi said as he approached the three.
“Oh, Akechi-kun!” Takeba greeted smilingly. It was good to know she wasn’t bitter all of the
time. “What brings you here?”
“I came at Amada-kun’s invitation,” Akechi said.
"Woah, Akechi’s the friend you’re talking about?” Iori looked particularly shocked at the
notion. “That’s insane.”
Amada frowned. “You know them?” he asked Akechi.
Akechi nodded. “You could say that.”
“We’re roommates!” Iori said cheerfully. Takeba elbowed him in the side. “Ow! What was
that for?”
“Do I really have to explain?” Takeba sighed.
“You’re roommates with him?” Amada asked. “I thought you guys live in the dorms.”
“He was joking,” Takeba lied. “Right?”
“Um, yeah, of course.” Iori eyed Akechi’s death stare warily. “We actually know him from,
ah…”
“Our parents were friends,” Akechi said, coming up with the first lie he could think of. “I
would see them from time to time, and we still keep up now.”
“Oh.” Amada continued to glance between the three of them suspiciously.
“How do you know Takeba and Iori?” Akechi asked, hoping to divert his attention.
“Oh! I met them at the shrine. They’re pretty cool.”
“Of course.” Iori puffed up his chest.
“Don’t get a big head.” Takeba looked longsuffering as she grabbed Iori by the arm and
began to drag him away. “You two have fun now. Enjoy your movie!”
“Hey, let go of me!”

Takeba let go of Iori, and the two of them left the shrine. Akechi and Amada stood next to
each other awkwardly for about thirty seconds, waiting for someone to speak first.
“Thanks for accepting my invitation,” Amada said.
“Thank you for inviting me.” A bird landed a few inches in front of them, not intimidated by
their silent and still appearance.
Akechi was better than this. He worked with adults for years, persuading them to like him,
convincing others he was their friend. Why did he feel so out of place?
“Perhaps we should start walking to the theater,” Akechi offered.
“That’s a good idea,” Amada said. They started walking away from the shrine and towards
Iwatodai station. “I don’t have money for popcorn, by the way.”
“I brought some.” Akechi had a feeling he should buy snacks for the occasion. He hated
being unprepared for any scenario. “Do you know much about the movie?”
“Oh yeah, it’s about these two heroes who are brothers, but they slowly develop a rivalry.
According to some kids in my class, it’s really cool. The action sequences are supposed to be
really realistic.” Amada cleared his throat. “Not that, um, I care about that stuff.”
“It sounds very interesting,” Akechi said diplomatically.
“You think so too?” Amada brightened. “It kind of reminds me of that one Featherman R
episode. Do you watch it?”
“I’ve watched a bit.”
Amada launched into an explanation about an episode where the two villains were brothers
who were each trying to capture Feather Hawk on their own. Eventually, the villains learned
to work together, and they successfully captured Feather Hawk. Apparently, they realized
they only wanted to capture Feather hawk because they wanted to one up the other brother.
Upon realizing they were friends, the brothers released Feather Hawk and became allies.
A ridiculous plot for a ridiculous show. But if Amada wanted to continue prattling on about
it, Akechi wasn’t going to stop him. At least Amada told it in a way that wasn’t mindnumbingly boring.
“They’re some of my favorite side characters in the show,” Amada continued as they
approached the theater. “I hope they get more attention later on.”
“Me too,” Akechi said. Friends, or acquaintances, agreed with each other on critical points.
Akechi hadn’t framed this relationship as a rivalry, so there was no reason he should oppose
Amada over a TV show.
“Oh, we’re here,” Amada observed. “Let’s hurry and find seats before the movie starts.”

Akechi bought popcorn for the two of them before they sat down in the theater. Akechi dimly
realized this had been his first time at the cinema in years. Akira had mentioned they should
go there, but they never had.
Something tightened in Akechi’s chest. Akechi furiously ignored it.
The movie was about as cliché as Amada presented it. Two brothers both wanted to be the
greatest hero in Japan. One ended up a villain; there was a tragic climax. The villainous
brother turned good again. The end.
It was so unrealistic that Akechi wanted to be sick.
As they stepped out into the theater, Akechi took a deep breath and put on a fake smile. “How
did you like it?”
Amada threw their empty popcorn container in a nearby garbage bin. “It was fine,” Amada
said. “The action was good.”
Akechi could agree with that fact. The fighting sequences had truly been impressive for the
time.
“Special effects have come a long way,” Akechi said.
“I don’t think the villain brother should have lived, though,” Amada said. “I mean, he still
hurt other people.”
“Thank you.”
Akechi accidentally went on a tirade on how media kept unrealistically portraying
forgiveness and redemption, as if such a thing actually existed. Amada agreed
wholeheartedly, although he countered that overly forgiving people did exist.
Akechi reluctantly acknowledged the truth in those words.
Somehow, they managed to fill their entire trip back to the shrine with a conversation that
Akechi almost enjoyed. It felt good to have his true opinions be acknowledged, even if it was
about something as simple as a stupid movie.
When they reached the shrine, they parted ways.
“I had a good time,” Amada said. “Thanks for coming.”
“Thank you for inviting me.” Akechi bowed. “I had an enjoyable time as well.”
“Yeah. See you later, Akechi-kun.”
The strangest thing was that Akechi wasn’t even sure he had been lying.
Justice Arcana: Rank 3

Fuuka received a knock on her door a few days after she moved into the dorm. When she
answered, she was surprised to see Mitsuru on the other side.
“Mitsuru-senpai! What a surprise!”
She still wasn’t used to all of this attention from her upperclassmen. Or her peers. Everybody
respected her, even Minato. Nobody cared that she was shy, or that she spent most of her
evening on her computer. Natsuki was being nice to her at school, and Minato even came to
her cooking club she formed the other day.
It was weird. But a nice weird.
“Can I step inside?” Mitsuru asked. Her posture was much less commanding than usual.
Fuuka wondered if Yukari’s cold behavior was finally getting to her. Fuuka understood why
Yukari was upset, but she felt that Yukari might be overreacting just a tiny bit. Fuuka
wouldn’t want everyone to know about her family’s mistakes either if she were in Mitsuru’s
position.
“Of course.”
Mitsuru stepped further into the room, and Fuuka closed the door behind her. Mitsuru clasped
her hands together.
“I heard that you are proficient with computers,” Mitsuru said. “I was wondering… if you
could do something for me.”
“I could try.” Fuuka hated promising something she couldn’t deliver on. “What is it?”
“I told you already about my family’s disturbing legacy,” Mitsuru said. “But Akechi-kun was
questioning me, and I realized I didn’t know all of the details. I was hoping that you could
hack into classified files and find out more.”
“Classified files!” Fuuka exclaimed. Fuuka hadn’t expected Mitsuru to ask her to hack into
Mitsuru’s own company’s files. The mere thought made Fuuka’s entire body buzz with
anxiety.
Admittedly, Yukari had asked Fuuka to do something similar only a day before. Nothing
quite as intense as company files, but she had said she didn’t think Mitsuru was telling the
whole truth. Fuuka had said she’d try to find out more, but everything she had found had
lined up with Mitsuru’s version of events.
Oh dear. Should Fuuka tell Mitsuru what Yukari had said? But no, that would surely only
make things worse between the two.
“I understand if you’re not comfortable,” Mitsuru said quickly. “But I’ll give you my access
information. It wouldn’t connect back to you in any way. I’ll bear all of the responsibility.”

It was hard to imagine that Mitsuru would get in much trouble, but Fuuka shivered at the
thought.
Another part of Fuuka burned with curiosity. She agreed that there were missing holes in
Mitsuru’s story. She would love to connect all of the dots, like on those coloring sheets she
loved to do as a child.
“Are you sure, Senpai?” she asked. “I don’t want to get you in trouble.”
“I’m certain.” Mitsuru nodded. “I owe it to all of us to discover the whole truth. Akechi-kun
is right. We shouldn't accept anything at face value.”
“Well, if you’re sure.” Fuuka swallowed. “I’ll help you.”
Mitsuru smiled and bowed. “Thank you.”
Fuuka bowed in return. It was nice to be needed. Even if Fuuka was about to illegally hack
into the Kirijo group’s database.
At least she had Mitsuru’s account. Mitsuru had to have more access to the database than
most employees.
“Mitsuru,” Fuuka said, a thought suddenly occurring to her. “Why don’t you just ask your
father about this?”
Mitsuru’s face fell. “I think it would be better to let the facts speak for themselves.”

“The movie theater?” Theodore asked. He raised his eyebrows in alarm. “You mean that
place with moving pictures? I’ve always wanted to see one of those.”
“I hope you realize our master will not allow you to install one in the Velvet Room,”
Elizabeth said. She was sitting on top of the table at the center of the room, inspecting her
nails. There was nothing particularly distinctive about them.
“Please excuse her inattentiveness,” Theodore said. “Minato told her about nail polish, and
now she wants to get her nails done.”
“What’s stopping you?” Akechi asked irritably. He had finally mustered the rage to strangle
Igor for his Tower Social Link, but when he arrived, Igor wasn’t even there.
“It wouldn’t be proper.” Elizabeth rolled her eyes. “If you really must know, I don’t even
know where to begin when shopping at human stores. Did you know they sell cream that you
eat?”
“You eat it?!” Theodore turned quite pale. “But I thought it was for making your skin
youthful.”
“There’s both,” Akechi said. “Where is your master?”

“Talking with his master again,” Elizabeth said. To his credit, Theodore looked less horrified
and more resigned.
“Do you think you can ask him to come back?” Akechi asked with gritted teeth.
Theodore shook his head. “We do not possess that sort of power, I’m afraid. If you wait for a
little while, though, I’m sure he will return.”
Akechi didn’t want to wait for an unforeseeable amount of time. He wanted to kill Igor now.
“Who the hell is in charge of social link bonding?” Akechi demanded.
Elizabeth snorted. “Well, that’s a silly question. You are, of course.”
“Don’t give me that shit!” Akechi slammed his hand against the portion of the table that
Elizabeth wasn’t sitting on. “I know full well there’s something in the universe pulling
strings, because I would never–”
“Bond with your father?”
Theodore dropped his clipboard. It clattered against the ground. “Elizabeth!”
Akechi leaned over and picked up the clipboard. His hand shook as he tried to read the
writing, but it was all in a language he didn’t recognize.
“I’m afraid I don’t understand what the problem is,” Elizabeth sniffed. “Why shouldn’t you
create a bond with the person who gave you life–”
“He did not give me life,” Akechi said. His nails dug into the back of the clipboard. “He gave
me nothing but pain and misery and–”
“He’s important to you, then.” Elizabeth let her hand fall into her lap. “That’s why you’ve
formed a bond.”
“He didn’t say a word to me! He doesn’t even know who I am! I will never see him again!”
“Nothing requires you to strengthen certain bonds,” Theodore said hurriedly. He took off one
of his gloves and put it back on. “You don’t have to speak to him again if you don’t want to–”
“You’re acting like a human child who dropped their ice cream on the sidewalk,” Elizabeth
sniffed. She got down from the table. “Good and evil? Hate or love? It doesn’t matter which.
Strong emotions lead to strong bonds. Your father might be completely indifferent, but your
hatred for him is what–”
Elizabeth gasped as the clipboard hit her in the nose. She took a few startled steps backwards
as she caught Theodore’s clipboard in her own hands. Her hat fell off, floating to the ground.
The room was deathly silent as the elevator continued his endless ascent. The never-ending
sound of gears pushing the room upwards roared in Akechi’s ears.

“He is not my father,” Akechi whispered. “And don’t you dare say this is my fault. I didn’t
ask for this.”
“Of course, you’re not to blame for your circumstances, but I do not believe that is a good
reason to attack the attendants,” Igor said. His voice was less cheerful than it normally was.
Akechi spun toward him. Igor’s eyes almost looked tired.
He was still smiling with all of his teeth.
“But Elizabeth is right,” Igor continued. “While it is hard to determine what exactly makes a
bond between a wildcard and their social links, deep emotion is a strong factor–” Akechi
opened his mouth again, but Igor raised a hand to silence him. “However, sometimes bonds
are fated to exist, regardless of feeling.”
“So fate just connected me to that monster?” Akechi snarled. “Is that all you have to say for
yourself?”
“I’m afraid that I cannot give you the answer you seek.”
“I just want to know who exists to torture me!” Akechi grabbed the tablecloth and yanked it
backwards. It didn’t move, as though it were glued onto the table. Akechi let go of it in
frustration. “Hasn't fate done enough?!”
“I think you will find that fate has very little control over anything,” Igor said calmly. “Please
remember your contract.”
The contract appeared on top of the table, with those same stupid words.
Whatever happens, I chooseth my fate of my own free will.
Akechi picked up that piece of paper and crumpled it up into a ball. “I do choose my fate of
my own free will,” Akechi hissed. “I will not go along with whatever fate you and your
master have planned for me.”
Akechi hurled the ball at Igor’s face. It bounced off of his nose without any fanfare.
Elizabeth snorted. Theodore made a whimper of dismay.
Akechi left.
Judgement Arcana: Rank 3

That Friday, Akechi was interrupted from his homework by an obnoxious knock on the door.
“Who is it?” Akechi sighed.
“Um, it’s me. Junpei.”

Akechi pressed his hands together and took a deep breath. He did not have the emotional
energy for Iori’s foolishness. He also couldn’t afford to act like a total prick and ignore him.
He needed to at least pretend to be on good terms with all of his teammates.
Although, perhaps that was debatable. Takeba wasn’t pretending to be on good terms with
Mitsuru, and it had been over a week since their fight. Mitsuru had become more withdrawn
from the group, and more and more people were growing frustrated with Arisato’s lack of
leadership. The full moon was steadily approaching, and Arisato hadn’t once taken them to
Tartarus.
Akechi let Iori in. Iori looked around the room, shoving his hands into his pockets.
“Oh, this was… not what I was expecting.”
“It’s not a pigsty like I’m sure yours is, no,” Akechi said.
“No, it’s not that it’s just–” Iori sighed. “Your room isn’t what I came here to talk about.”
“That would be strange,” Akechi agreed. He sat down on his bed. “What did you come here
to talk about?”
Iori rubbed the back of his neck. “Do you… not like me?”
Akechi blinked. Iori stared at the wall to his right.
Had Iori only just figured this out? Akechi hadn’t exactly taken pains to hide his disdain.
“Where is this coming from?” Akechi asked, deciding to investigate before just telling Iori
the cold hard truth.
“Oh, well, Yukari has been kind of distant from everyone recently,” Iori said. “And Mitsurusenpai is too. Akihiko seems kind of too cool to hang around me, and Minato’s distant with
everyone, and you… well, I don’t know.”
“You don’t know.”
“Yeah! One minute you’re all nice and friendly and more polite than me, and the next minute
it looks like you’re planning someone’s funeral. And not in the sad way. In the “I am going to
kill that person” sort of way.”
Well, Iori wasn’t exactly wrong. Akechi hadn’t given his perceptiveness quite enough credit.
“And you want to know if I want to kill you?” Akechi asked, because a part of him was
genuinely confused as to why Iori was bothering to have this conversation.
“No! I mean, I know you would never kill anyone–” Akechi barely stopped himself from
snorting “--you’re just a kid, please don’t get mad at me for saying that, and um… do you
like video games?”
Was that meant to be some sort of peace offering?

“No.”
“Oh.” Iori sighed. “Yeah, I guess I deserve that. I know my first impression with you
probably wasn't the best, with the train and all.”
“You disobeyed direct orders.”
“I was just–”
“You almost got you and your teammates killed.”
Iori shut up. Akechi stood up.
“I don’t know if this is a game to you, Iori, but it’s also real life.” Akechi marched across the
room and opened his door. “Maybe it’s time that you started acting like it.”

“Thou art I… and I am Thou
Thou hast established a new bond…

One that furthers thy voyage for redemption

Thou shalt be blessed when creating
Personas of the Temperance Arcana…”

Seriously? Akechi had to hang out more with this idiot?
Akechi was seriously considering taking Theodore’s advice and just locking himself in his
bedroom for the rest of eternity. Extra power was becoming less appealing by the day.
“I get it.” Iori walked to the door. “You don’t like me. I’ll give you your space.”
“That would be best,” Akechi agreed. “Don’t take it too personally, Iori-san. I don’t like a lot
of people.”
“You like Mitsuru,” Iori grumbled, stopping in the middle of the doorframe.
Akechi resisted to shove Iori out of his room. “Where did you get that idea?”
“You call her by her given name. Duh.”
“She asked.”

“If I asked you to call me Junpei, would you?” Iori asked, looking ready for rejection.
“Sorry, Iori-senpai,” Akechi said sweetly. “It takes a little more than that.”
“I figured.” Iori gave Akechi a toothy grin. “Oh well. I’ll earn your trust eventually! Just you
wait!”
Akechi slammed the door in his face.

The next day, after school, Akechi found Takeba and Yamagishi playing with a dog in front
of the dorms.
“You never told me you had a dog, Yamagishi,” Akechi said. The dog didn’t have a collar.
Yamagishi should remedy that. Unless, of course, the two girls were just playing with a stray.
“I don’t.” Yamagishi said. “Koro-chan, speak!”
The dog barked.
“Aw, good boy.” Takeba scratched behind the dog’s ear. “Aren’t you the best?”
The dog barked happily, his tail wagging rapidly. He got to his feet and walked up to Akechi.
He didn’t jump on top of Akechi, though, which was a relief. Akechi didn’t want to have any
muddy paw prints all over his uniform.
“That’s Akechi-kun,” Yamagishi told the dog. “Akechi-kun, this is Koromaru.”
Akechi felt a little ridiculous greeting a dog as though it were a human being, but he had to
keep up appearances.
“Hello, Koromaru-chan,” Akechi said. He crouched down in front of the dog and patted it on
the head.
Koromaru barked happily before turning around and trotting back to the other two girls.
“Are dogs even allowed at the dorm?” Akechi asked, mostly rhetorically. If Akechi was
allowed at the dorm, he was sure that a dog would be no issue.
“Oh, he’s not mine,” Yamagishi said. “I see him around the shrine a lot.”
Come to think of it, the dog did look a little familiar. Maybe Akechi had seen him around the
shrine.
Arisato chose that moment to show up. He looked down at the dog before glancing back up at
Yamagishi and Takeba.
“You have a dog?” he asked.
Yamagishi giggled. “No. I was just explaining to Akechi-kun. This is Koromaru.”

Koromaru marched up to Arisato, barked in greeting, and returned to the girls again. If
Akechi didn’t know better, he’d think the dog actually knew what was going on.
Unless this was a Morgana situation.
No. Akechi was not going to indulge that thought. The dog did not talk. The dog did not
summon a persona. The dog was not going to transform into a ridiculous looking human.
“He lives by the shrine,” Takeba continued to explain. “Sometimes he joins us on our walk
back home from school.”
Arisato nodded, continuing to stare at the dog. “Can I pet him?” he asked softly.
“Sure.” Yamagishi nodded and gave the dog a final scratch behind the ears. “Koro-chan, go
say hi!”
Even though the dog had literally just greeted Arisato five seconds before, the dog was more
than happy to walk back up to Arisato. Arisato crouched down and used both hands to gently
scratch the dog behind the ears. After a few moments, Arisato’s posture relaxed. He began to
pet Koromaru’s back with one hand while scratching behind his ear.
Another dog suddenly ran up to the two, barking furiously. Koromaru ignored the dog, but
Arisato paused. Koromaru licked Arisato’s cheek, and Arisato jolted away suddenly before
resuming to pet Koromaru.
A woman joined the new dog’s side. When she saw Koromaru, her eyes widened with
recognition.
“Oh, this dog still goes on walks by himself?” the woman asked.
Takeba frowned. “What do you mean?”
“He used to belong to the priest at Naganaki shrine. Every day, they’d walk this way
together.”
“That explains it, then,” Yamagishi said.
“That was before he passed away…” the woman continued.
“So he continues to walk the same path he did with his old owner,” Akechi filled in.
“That’s right, young man–” the woman’s face suddenly became panicked. “My son will be
home soon. He goes to the same school as you. I need to get going!”
She ran off with her dog in tow. All of them watched her disappear from view, except
Arisato, who was still preoccupied with petting Koromaru. Akechi hadn’t realized Arisato
could be so invested in another living thing.
“Aw, who’s a loyal dog?” Takeba said, going to Arisato’s side so she could also pet
Koromaru. “Good boy!”

Koromaru wrestled himself free from Arisato and Takeba and started walking away.
Yamagishi made a noise of surprise.
“What’s wrong?” Takeba asked Yamagishi. She and Arisato stood up.
“It’s nothing.” Yamagishi didn’t take her eyes off of Koromaru. “Oh, the chairman’s coming
tonight, isn’t he? We should go get ready.”
As they all entered the building, Takeba wore a thoughtful expression.
“Koromaru must be really lonely,” she said. “I can’t imagine walking at the same place
without someone I cared about.”
“Maybe it helps him remember the priest,” Akechi said. Akechi didn’t see what good
remembering did when the person was gone, but he knew that’s how a lot of people grieved.
Akechi just directed his grief somewhere else. He was much more productive that way.
“Maybe,” Takeba said. She didn’t look too sure. “You were good with him, though, Minato!
Have you ever had a pet dog?”
Arisato shrugged, because that was all he was ever good for. Takeba slumped. “Can’t even
answer a simple question,” she muttered.

True to his word, the chairman arrived that evening. Everybody gathered in the command
room.
“Hello, everyone,” Ikutsuki said cheerfully. ‘I came to tell you all how my research has been
going. Especially concerning the shadows that have been appearing on full moons. This
might be hard to follow, but we’ve known for a while now that shadows can be divided into
twelve categories based on their characteristics. We’ve managed to classify the four shadows
we’ve seen so far. It’s simply fascinating!”
Ikutsuki stopped speaking for a moment, probably fantasizing about the shadows destroying
humanity.
“What were the categories?” Akechi asked.
“Oh, right.” Ikutsuki cleared his throat. “The four shadows belong to categories one through
four. They might look different from common shadows, but the classification still applies.”
“Is that a good thing?” Iori asked.
“Oh, I see.” Yamagishi’s expression became thoughtful. “There are twelve in all. That means
there are eight more we haven’t seen yet.”
“Correct!” Ikutsuki pointed at Yamagishi enthusiastically. “Very sharp of you, Fuuka.”

Yamagishi flushed.
“Okay, uh, do we know what they’re after?” Iori asked.
Akechi rolled his eyes. “Between targeting those students and attacking us on sight, we can
deduce that they consider humans their enemies, if their behavior is anything to go off of.
The four we have seen so far have behaved consistently in their attempts to traverse the city
and do some form of damage, although the last two sought out Yamagishi and Moriyama. I
don’t think it would be too far off to say that shadows seek humanity’s destruction.”
“Very well stated, Akechi-kun,” Ikutsuki said. “But you’re right, Junpei. We don’t know their
motive. It seems that shadows don’t actively seek to kill their victims; they go after their
minds. Perhaps it’s a simple matter of survival for shadows to keep thriving. Is there some
intent behind their actions? And we must also consider the purpose of shadows as a whole.”
“With all due respect, Ikutsuki-san, while I agree that understanding the shadows’ motives is
important to more easily defeat them, the more important thing is defeating them,” Akechi
said. “Their motive won’t help us if half the city turns into the lost.”
“I agree,” Mitsuru said. “We should focus on ending the Dark Hour first and foremost.
Although, I would be lying if I said I wasn’t curious as well.”
“So we just have to beat eight more of them?” Sanada asked. “At least, we know there’s an
end to them.”
“Only eight more, lucky us,” Takeba said sarcastically.
“And each one seems to be stronger than the last,” Yamagishi said.
“Then, we’ll just have to keep training,” Sanada said. He looked at Arisato, who was sitting
on the couch with a mildly interested expression. “You are going to take us to Tartarus
eventually, right?”
Arisato nodded. “I’m saving up money for supplies,” he said simply.
Sanada grinned. “Good. We’ll show these shadows who’s boss.”

The next day was a Sunday, and this time, Amada had not invited him out to a movie. Akechi
found himself with an excessive amount of free time in the evening, and he wasn’t in the
mood to traverse the Dark Hour.
Akechi could really go for a cup of coffee. He had half a mind to travel to Tokyo just for a
half-way decent drink.
He dismissed that thought almost as soon as it came.
To satisfy his craving, Akechi found himself at the worst coffee shop in all of Iwatodai, but
the favorite location of one Arisato Minato. Akechi knew because every time he went to have

some coffee, Arisato would be there, drinking like there was no tomorrow.
Arisato and Akechi didn’t usually talk much when they ran into each other at Chagall Coffee.
They sipped their coffee at the same table and watched other customers–primarily couples–
happily converse among themselves. It wasn’t Akechi’s idea of a good time, but he was
getting used to the disgusting coffee, which was something.
That day, Akechi behaved as he always did. He ordered his coffee, and he sat down across
from Arisato. Arisato glanced up at him to show that he knew Akechi was there before the
two settled into a comfortable silence.
But, come to think of it, Akechi had a few things he wanted to discuss with Arisato anyway.
Now was as good an opportunity as any.
“Arisato, can I ask you something?” Akechi asked.
Arisato took off his headphones. “What is it?”
“Why are you here?”
Arisato frowned and stared into his empty coffee mug. “Because I like this coffee.”
“That is not what I meant and you know it.” The waiter came by and gave Akechi his coffee.
Akechi thanked them and waited for them to leave. “Why are you here? With SEES?”
“They asked me to help.”
“So this is out of the nobility of your heart?” Akechi took a sip of his coffee and stayed
expressionless as it burnt his tongue. “You just love helping people that much?”
“No.” Arisato glanced up at the ceiling, and his overgrown bangs shifted away from his face
slightly. “I just don’t have anything better to do.”
Akechi wasn’t surprised by this answer, but it didn’t change that such an answer was
absolutely absurd. “You’re risking your life because you don’t have anything better to do.”
Arisato nodded.
“You agreed to lead this group because you were bored?”
“Sounds about right.”
“Don’t you give a crap about any of it?” Akechi demanded, slamming his hand against the
table. The table shook, and Akechi’s coffee nearly sloshed out of its mug. “Shadows might
end our entire existence, and you just don't care, is that it?”
“Don’t take it personally.” Arisato started to put his earphones back in. “I don’t care about
anything.”

Akechi yanked the earphones out of Arisato’s hands so violently that the entire chord exited
Arisato’s music player. Arisato quickly fumbled with it to pause the music that started
bursting forth.
“You are our leader,” Akechi whispered, balling up the earphones in his hand. “We trust you
to not get us killed.”
“I haven’t gotten you killed yet, have I?”
“Well, I’m a bit worried that one day you won’t care enough to save our skins!”
“It’s not like I want to see you all die–”
“Oh really?” Akechi laughed. “You just said you didn’t care. Would you feel a thing if
shadows cut us all down?”
“Yes.” Arisato raised his voice slightly, but it was the loudest Akechi had ever heard him.
Akechi handed Arisato his earphones back. Arisato quickly plugged them back into his music
player.
“I’m sorry for my rudeness,” Akechi said. He wasn’t really sorry. He was actually really glad
that he had found proof that Arisato might give a crap about the people he was leading. “But
I still have questions.”
“Fine.” Arisato didn’t put his earbuds back into his ears. He stared at Akechi attentively.
“That dog–”
“Koromaru,” Arisato interrupted.
“Koromaru,” Akechi corrected. “You seemed rather fond of him. Did you know him before?”
Arisato shook his head. “I had a dog when I was younger,” he said. “They looked kind of
similar.”
Akechi took another sip of his coffee. It was no longer scalding.
“I see.”
Arisato tugged at his hair. “Can I ask you something?”
Akechi raised his eyebrows, surprised. “What is it?”
“Why do you act all overly polite all the time?” he asked. “Isn’t it exhausting?”
“It’s necessary.”
“I get by without acting like you.”
“And everybody hates you,” Akechi snapped.

Arisato stared at Akechi in alarm. Akechi placed his cup against the table more aggressively
than he intended. This time, coffee did slosh out of it, staining the light tablecloths with small
black dots.
“I don’t care,” Arisato finally said.
Akechi bit back a sigh. “And now you hate me too.”
“Not really.”
Arisato stood up and bowed. “I should get going.”
Akechi didn’t end up finishing his coffee. He got about half-way through it before realizing
he wasn’t tasting it at all.
Death Arcana: Rank 3

Chapter End Notes

wifi on campus aint working so guess who's using a hot spot to post this chapter
thank you so so much to everyone who did the survey these past few days! over two
thirds of y'all are happy with the current schedule so we're sticking to Tuesday and
Thursdays, sorry to the other 29%.
also y'all can have my sister to thank for the shido social link's existence, she helped
with a lot of the arcana planning >:)
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments (feel
free to correct typos). <3
Edit: mentioned this in a comment but just so everyone is clear, Akechi was a fan of
featherman as a child but he's repressed being a fanboy after his life went to crap
because he decided it was cringe so now he looks down it bc that's the only way he
knows how to process any of his feelings

Chapter 13: June 24–July 7, 2009
Chapter Summary

Akechi still has no clue how this friendship thing works
He does have an Excellent time trolling people tho

Chapter Notes

tw: references to death
back in my day my 3k word chapters had so many more triggers than this

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“Happy Birthday, Ken-kun!” Yamamoto told Amada cheerfully on their way to school that
Wednesday.
Amada frowned. “How did you know it was my birthday?”
“You briefly mentioned it when I was talking about my own birthday celebration that
happened in January,” Yamamoto said. “I always remember people’s birthdays. Speaking of
which, what day is yours, Akechi-kun?”
Akechi smiled. “I’m afraid it already happened this year.”
Yamamoto pouted. “That’s too bad. If you tell me what day it is, I’ll make sure we have a
proper celebration next year.”
“June 2,” Akechi said reluctantly.
“But that was recently!” Yamamoto looked horrified as they walked up the front steps of their
school building. “Why didn’t you say anything?”
“I didn’t want anyone making a fuss over it.” Akechi hadn’t realized Yamamoto was going to
care so much, either. “Please, don’t worry about it.”
“I’ll sing happy birthday to you right now–”
“Oh no, that’s not necessary.”

“It’s important to sing happy birthday,” Amada said with a sly grin on his face. “It makes
your next year more blessed.”
“Nobody has ever said that–”
“Alright, here we go,” Yamamoto said. “Are you ready, Ken-kun?”
Amada nodded, still wearing a mischievous grin. Akechi wanted to smack them both as they
opened their mouths and began singing happy birthday.
It was the worst twenty seconds of Akechi’s life.
“There!” Yamamoto cheered when they finally finished. “Now you will have the best year
ever.”
“I doubt that.” Akechi glanced at the clock in their school’s lobby. They should hurry to class
soon. But not before Akechi got his revenge. “When should we sing Happy Birthday to
Amada-kun? Right now, or after school?”
“Oh, um, I don’t need you guys to sing–” Amada began, looking panicked.
“We’ll do it after school,” Yamamoto decided. She clasped both straps of her backpack
happily. “I thought we could all go get Takoyaki together as a birthday celebration for Ken.”
“Oh, that sounds pretty good actually,” Amada said. “But maybe no happy birthday–”
“We should be getting to class,” Akechi interrupted. “We look forward to celebrating your
birthday after school.”
Amada sighed, knowing when he was defeated. “I look forward to it too. I guess.”
There was a bounce to her step as Yamamoto walked to her classroom. As they sat down in
their seats, Akechi gave her a suspicious look.
“You know exactly what you’re doing, don’t you?” he asked.
Yamamoto raised her eyebrows. “I have no idea what you’re talking about,” she said happily.
“I love singing Happy Birthday. I even sing it when others sing it to me on my birthday.”
“You love embarrassing people on their birthday?” Akechi clarified.
“Yep!” Yamamoto placed her schoolbooks on her desk. “It’s a birthday tradition.”
Akechi couldn’t stop himself from snorting in amusement.

After class, Yamamoto and Akechi met Amada outside of school like they always did.
Amada jogged to them, actually looking quite excited.
“Time for takoyaki?” Amada asked. He frowned. “Can you afford takoyaki, Emiko-kun?”

Yamamoto nodded and pulled a small pouch from her pocket. “I’ve been saving! I’ve never
been able to treat a friend for their birthday before!”
“I’ve never been treated,” Amada said. “Should we go, then?”
The three of them walked to the Iwatodai strip mall, talking about their day at class.
Apparently, one of Amada’s teachers called him out for not paying attention in class because
Amada didn’t know an answer to a very difficult math problem. Amada was now sworn
enemies with that teacher.
“What was the math problem?” Akechi asked.
“The square root of 169,” Amada grumbled. “I mean, how am I supposed to know that from
the top of my head–”
“13,” Yamamoto said suddenly, her eyebrows knit together in concentration.
Akechi had already known the square root of 169, of course, but he hadn’t expected
Yamamoto to know. They had only just started covering the concept of squares in class. He
and Amada both gave Yamamoto a look of shock.
“Wow,” Amada said. “How’d you know that?”
Yamamoto gave them both an embarrassed smile. “My sister told me. I told her that we had
started learning about squares, and she started quizzing me on them. She takes studying super
seriously since her college entrance exams are coming up.”
“That’s an interesting reaction,” Akechi said. “Does she have high expectations for you?”
Yamamoto shrugged. “I think she just likes feeling smarter than me,” she admitted. “But
that’s okay! Now, if a mean teacher decides to ask me an unfair question, I’ll be ready.”
“Maybe you should quiz me,” Amada said. “Now I know Sato-sensei’s going to ask me
something like 15 times 15…” He trailed off and looked at Yamamoto hopefully.
“215?” Yamamoto asked more than said.
“225,” Akechi corrected.
“Wow, you too, Akechi-kun?” Amada asked despairingly.
Akechi grimaced. “Sorry, I don’t mean to show off.”
“Akechi-kun is super smart!” Yamamoto said. “He always knows the answer to the teachers’
questions, even when he watches a butterfly on the window all day.”
“I don’t stare out the window all day,” Akechi grumbled.
“I do, sometimes,” Amada admitted. “That’s why Sato-sensei called on me in the first place.”

“Sato-sensei is the worst,” Yamamoto said sympathetically. “But my sister says we shouldn’t
complain about being taught stuff.”
“She’s right,” Akechi said. “Excelling in academics leads to more opportunities when you’re
older.”
“If you say so.” Amada didn’t look convinced. “What do you want to be when you grow up,
Akechi-kun?”
Akechi frowned. He hadn’t given it much thought in this timeline, being preoccupied with
the Dark Hour and Strega. “I was thinking of becoming a detective,” Akechi said evasively.
He wasn’t sure that he wanted to involve himself with the justice system ever again,
considering how spectacularly that went last time.
“That’s cool.” Yamamoto nodded. “I want to be a vet so that I can work with more cats. What
about you, Ken-kun?”
Amada stared at his feet, looking more gloomy than usual. “I don’t know yet.”
“That’s okay!” Yamamoto must’ve sensed that Amada wasn’t comfortable with that topic of
conversation, because she changed the subject to her cat.
When they reached the takoyaki stand, Yamamoto bought them all takoyaki. Akechi offered
to pay for his own, but Yamamoto stubbornly refused.
“I didn’t get to do anything for your birthday, so consider this your birthday present too,” she
insisted. “Sorry that you have to share a birthday celebration, Ken-kun.”
“That’s alright.” Amada didn’t seem that bothered at all as he stuffed a single takoyaki in his
mouth. “I don’t mind.”
Akechi eyed his own takoyaki suspiciously.
“What’s wrong, Akechi-kun?” Yamamoto asked.
“Oh, it’s nothing.” Akechi ate one of his takoyaki. It did not explode in his mouth as a single
ball of fiery spice intended to kill Akechi then and there. “This takoyaki is rather delicious.
I’ll have to come here more often.”
“I know, right?” Yamamoto looked particularly pleased with herself. “Do you like it?” she
asked Amada.
Amada was already licking his fingers, having finished his entire portion. “Oh yeah, it was
delicious. Thank you so much, Emiko-kun.”
Amada bowed, and Akechi quickly followed suit.
“It was no problem!” Yamamoto smiled. “Oh, but we’ve almost forgotten the most important
part!”

Amada paled. “Really? I can’t think of anything we’ve forgotten.”
“Shall we, Akechi-kun?” Yamamoto asked.
“It would be my pleasure.”
The two sang happy birthday as obnoxiously as possible, much to Amada’s horror. When
they finished, the owner of the takoyaki stand stepped outside and asked them who’s birthday
it was.
“It’s both of my friends’ birthdays!” Yamamoto said, even though that wasn’t true at all.
“Ken and Akechi are turning eleven.”
“Wow, eleven, huh?” The takoyaki stand owner looked impressed. “Getting on in years,
aren’t you?”
Amada grimaced. “You make us sound like old men.”
“You will be one day.”
At this rate, Akechi doubted he’d ever have the opportunity to surpass the age of twenty.
Perhaps the thought made his expression perturbed, because the owner chuckled. “Give me a
moment.”
The owner stepped inside and stepped back out with two plates with fancily decorated
takoyaki. He handed one each to Akechi and Amada.
“My birthday treat,” he said.
“Thank you very much,” Akechi said with a low bow. Amada echoed the sentiment.
“Just keep giving me business, and we’ll call it even.” The owner chuckled again before
returning to his stand.
Yamamoto beamed. “See?” she said. “This is why singing happy birthday is important.”
“Old men, huh?” Amada muttered, looking a little unsettled.
Akechi took a bite out of his birthday takoyaki. It really was quite delicious. “Something
wrong?” he asked.
“It’s nothing.” He smiled brightly. “Thanks, you guys. This is the best birthday I could ever
ask for.”
“You’re welcome!” Yamamoto said.
Yamamoto had to return home, and Akechi and Amada set on a nearby bench as they finished
the rest of their takoyaki.

“We should do something nice for Emiko on her birthday,” Amada said. “Do you remember
what day she said it was on?”
Akechi shook his head. “I’ll find a way to ask her later.”
Amada nodded in approval. “We’ll celebrate your birthday properly next year too,” he said.
“Don’t forget it.”
“Do you even remember what day it’s on?” Akechi asked.
“It’s, um, the third, right?”
“Wrong.”
Amada stuffed his last takoyaki into his mouth. “Don’t be all smug. I know Emiko
remembers.”
That was the strange part. Nobody had ever bothered to remember his birthday before.
Akechi had never celebrated anybody else’s birthday before either. Not in such a personal
way, at least.
And to think, Yamamoto had sat next to him for at least an entire year in Akechi’s first life,
and they had never exchanged any conversation at all.

One evening of awkward tension in the dorms, and Akechi became fully fed up. He marched
up to Takeba, who was fuming in the lounge.
“Takeba, I know you are upset with Mitsuru, but it’s been over two weeks,” he said. “You
two need to work out whatever it is that is going on between the two of you.”
Takeba crossed her arms. “Oh, so you’ll call her Mitsuru, but I’m still Takeba. It’s pretty clear
to see who’s side you’re on.”
“I think you’ll recall that I was equally upset with Mitsuru when she withheld the truth.”
Akechi massaged his forehead. “But holding an open grudge with a teammate for this long is
unwise–” and bordering on ridiculous “--I’m sure Mitsuru would be happy to have a serious
discussion with whatever’s upsetting you.”
“You wouldn’t understand,” Takeba started marching up the stairs. “And if she’s Mitsuru,
please, for the love of all that is holy, call me Yukari.”
Akechi watched Yukari go with a noise of frustration.
“I appreciate the attempt,” Sanada said, who had observed the entire conversation from the
couch. “But Yukari will speak to Mitsuru on her own time.”
“Grudges are dangerous,” Akechi said. “She’s going to get us killed.”

“Well, maybe you’ve persuaded her. I guess we’ll find out later.”

“You both seem grim,” Amada said as they walked to school the following morning. “What’s
going on?”
“One of my roommates refuses to see reason,” Akechi said. “She’s been feuding with the
other roommate for weeks, and it’s becoming infuriating.”
“Oh, I kind of get that,” Amada said with an understanding nod. “Two kids in my dorm
refuse to stay in the same room together. It makes things kind of awkward in the lounge.”
Yamamoto only hummed sadly.
“What about you, Yamamoto-kun?” Akechi asked, because it was unlike Yamamoto to be so
untalkative. “Is there something wrong?”
“Oh, it’s nothing,” Yamamoto sighed.
“You can tell us,” Amada said. “We won’t judge.”
Yamamoto looked at her feet. “My sister said that I should spend less time with Momo and
focus more on my studies,” she said. “And that I was really annoying when I kept talking
about things that didn’t matter. I thought I should try to be more quiet from now on.”
“That’s not very nice of her,” Amada said, sounding insulted. “You should have the right to
play with your cat whenever you want.”
“Well, Momo isn’t my cat, per say.” Yamamoto’s voice was reluctant. “It’s the family’s cat.”
“Your sister still wasn’t nice.” Amada scowled. “Besides, I like it when you talk. Right,
Akechi-kun?”
Akechi nodded, surprised to realize he was being entirely truthful as he said, “Your chatter
makes you who you are, Yamamoto-kun. You shouldn’t have to stop being yourself just
because of what your sister said. Assuming it’s an appropriate setting to talk, of course.”
“Really?” Yamamoto asked, her voice hopeful. “I mean, I think I might talk a little less
around my sister when she’s trying to study. But you don’t mind when I talk to you guys?”
“Are you kidding?” Amada asked. “You save us from awkward silence so many times.”
Yamamoto giggled, as though Amada had said a funny joke.
Amada and Akechi both knew it wasn’t a joke.

Later, during lunch, Akechi decide that he might as well offer the one thing Yamamoto
became friends with him in the first place for.
“Yamamoto-kun,” Akechi said. “If you’re worried about your studies, I can help you. Study, I
mean.”
“Oh.” Yamamoto’s eyes widened as she took a bite of her rice. “Thank you for offering,
Akechi-kun, but I don’t really want to study right now.”
What?
“But… don’t you want to prove to your sister that you can measure up to her standards?”
“I mean, that would be nice.” Yamamoto swallowed her food and smiled. “But studying’s
kind of boring. My grades aren’t bad, so I think I’ll just keep playing with Momo and
hanging out with you guys. But hey, when we’re in middle school, I’ll definitely get your
help for studying with exams.”
“Oh.” Akechi supposed he shouldn’t have expected a literal ten-year-old to prioritize her
studies. “Are you sure?”
“Yep! If you want, you can come over to my house again.”
This is not how Akechi expected this conversation to go. “I would love to,” he said. “Would
you like Amada-kun to come over as well?”
“I like that idea.” Yamamoto beamed as she continued eating her lunch. “But, you know, you
don’t have to keep calling me Yamamoto. You can call me Emiko like Ken does.”
“Okay, Emiko-kun,” Akechi said. He was glad she didn’t ask to call Akechi by his given
name. “Thank you.”
“It’s no big deal.”
No. Akechi supposed it wasn’t.
Strength Arcana: Rank 3

Yukari found Mitsuru sitting at the table in the second floor, staring intently at her homework.
She was probably studying for exams, seeing as she was the student council president. Yukari
had begun studying, but every time she tried to focus on her homework, she could only think
about how frustrated she felt.
Mitsuru lied to her. She convinced Yukari to join SEES and risk her life without giving
Yukari all of the information about their situation. And while, yes, Yukari probably still
would’ve joined SEES with the whole story, she still had the right to be upset.

But Akechi was right. Holding grudges would only make things worse. Yukari had to try to
be the bigger person and make things slightly less awkward between them.
“Hey, Mitsuru? Can we talk?”
Mitsuru looked up from her studies with a slightly wary expression. “Takeba? Yes, of
course.”
She sat in an overly formal position, as though she were prepared for some sort of job
interview. This was the sort of nonsense Yukari hated about Mitsuru. Why couldn’t she act
like everyone else? It was like she thought herself the most elite member of SEES.
“I thought maybe we should try to clear the air between us.” Yukari sat down in the seat next
to Mitsuru’s, feeling slightly uncomfortable. “I know I’ve been a bit… distant… lately.”
“You don’t have to apologize; I understand,” Mitsuru said. “I hid things from you. Things
that were, are, important to you personally.”
“So you knew my father was on that research team,” Yukari said. She tried to keep herself
from raising her voice.
“W-what?” Mitsuru’s eyes widened. “No, I had no idea!”
“Wait, really?” Yukari asked. All this time, she had thought Mitsuru was hiding something so
personal to her. Was it really just a misunderstanding? “But, that comment just now…”
“I just meant that you were risking your life for something I hid from you,” Mitsuru said,
eyes still wide. “I was hiding my own family’s past, but I swear, if I had known your father
was involved, I would have… well, I would like to believe I would have told you.”
Yukari sighed. “No, I think I understand too. My father was involved with the incident, and
my mom and I received a lot of judgment because of it. I just… I wish you hadn’t told
Akechi before you told me. Didn’t you think I deserved to know the truth?”
“I wasn’t thinking,” Mitsuru admitted. “I was afraid what you would think of me when you
discovered the truth. I’m afraid I was purely selfish in that regard. But I swear I’ll try to think
of everyone’s feelings in the future.”
A huge weight was lifted from Yukari’s shoulders. It turned out the queen of Gekkoukan
High could admit her faults. Maybe she had judged Mitsuru too quickly.
“Thank you,” Yukari said. She gave Mitsuru a small smile. “I’m sorry for not trying to talk
sooner.”
“It’s completely understandable.” Mitsuru’s expression became extremely relieved. “Thank
you for being so kind.”
Kind was a bit of an exaggeration.

“Could you not tell anyone about my dad, though?” Yukari asked. She wanted to kick herself.
Why had she revealed something so personal without thinking? “You’re the first person I’ve
told.”
“Of course.”
“Um, I should probably confess something, though,” Yukari said. “I… asked Fuuka to try to
hack into your company’s files. I thought you might have been omitting something from your
story.”
Yukari bit the inside of her lip nervously as she waited for Mitsuru to respond. Instead of
getting angry, however, Mitsuru only chuckled.
“What’s so funny?”
“Oh, it’s not funny at all, really.” Mitsuru pulled her hair behind her ear. “It’s just… I asked
Yamagishi to do the exact same thing.”
“Really?” Yukari asked. “But… aren’t you the daughter of the head of the company?”
“I agree there are facts that I’m missing,” Mitsuru said. “I need to know more just as much as
you do.”
That was a little strange, but Yukari was grateful that Mitsuru wasn’t mad at her. “Well, I
guess I’ll tell Fuuka that she can report what she finds to the both of us.”
“I like that.”

Three days before the full moon, Arisato finally got off his ass and told Yamagishi that they
were going to Tartarus. The collective sigh of relief the group breathed was so loud that the
other side of the city probably heard it.
“Cutting it close, aren’t we?” Sanada asked as they took the monorail to the school.
To his credit, Arisato didn’t deny it. “I lost track of time.”
“You lost track of time?” Iori asked, looking genuinely surprised. “But didn’t Mitsuru remind
us a few days ago?”
“I was busy that night, and the night after,” Arisato said. “But I worked Tartarus into today’s
schedule.”
“How busy are you?” Yukari asked.
“Busy.”
“Whatever,” Iori muttered, slumping further into his seat.

When they reached Tartarus, Arisato instantly entered the Velvet Room. Akechi waited with
everyone else. He was not in the emotional state of mind to even get near those morons.
When Arisato stepped out of the Velvet Room, he gave Akechi an inquisitive glance.
“I’m sure they can fill you in on the situation themselves,” Akechi muttered so that the others
couldn’t hear. “Feel free to pry into my personal problems.”
Arisato’s puzzled expression turned into something more neutral. “Join the party?”
“As if you need to ask.”
Now that Yamagishi was acting as support, Mitsuru was able to join the squad exploring
Tartarus. Her persona was actually quite formidable.
“I’ve had more years of experience,” she explained when Iori brought it up. “I’m
embarrassed to admit I’m actually a little rusty at the moment.”
“That’s rusty?” Iori asked. “How powerful are you when you’re on your game?”
“I guess you’ll just have to find out,” Mitsuru said with a contented smile.
They miraculously made it through the next barrier in Tartarus before the end of the hour.
Akechi wasn’t exactly sure how they pulled it off, but he had a feeling that Loki and Robin
had a lot to do with it. They were still the strongest personas among SEES.
Two chests sat in front of the barrier. Akechi opened up the one nearest to him as Arisato
pulled an old document from the other chest.
Inside the chest sat a single piece of paper. Akechi picked it up and peered at the picture on it.
An admittedly detailed picture of a spear was drawn on it. The handle of the spear was old
and worn, but the blade was as sharp and new as ever.
“What did you find?” Mitsuru asked, looking over Akechi’s shoulder. “Oh, just a piece of
paper. Disappointing.”
“The picture is strange,” Akechi mused.
“What are you talking about?” Iori asked, joining Mitsuru’s side. “It’s just a blank sheet of
paper.”
What the hell? Nobody was countering Iori’s claim, however. Was Akechi seriously the only
one who could see it?
“I was being sarcastic,” Akechi said, to save face. He didn’t need anyone thinking he was
seeing things, even though he might very well be.
Arisato wandered over to the three of them. Akechi showed him the “blank” piece of paper.
Arisato glanced at the others with a puzzled expression, a reaction that was not warranted by
a blank piece of paper.

“Strange,” he said.
“What’s that document?” MItsuru asked Arisato.
Arisato handed her the document. Her frown deepened as she read the contents. “Is this…”
“About Kirijo’s experiments?” Arisato filled in. “Yeah, it is.”
“How concerning,” Mitsuru said. “Are there more?”
Arisato showed her two other documents. Mitsuru read them out loud for everyone’s benefit.
“The electricity's hooked up. But, why do they need so much? There's only a school on this
island…
“Weird... Kirijo's Ergo Research branch plans to build a lab on this island. I wonder what
for…
“They built a research facility here; they want me to join the team, but I have a bad
feeling…”
“Do you know who the author is?” Yukari asked.
“No…” Mitsuru frowned. “We’ll have to keep an eye out for more of these documents.” She
handed them back to Arisato. “Show me any more you find, alright?”
Arisato nodded and pocketed the documents. Akechi placed his own invisible drawing of a
spear into his pocket as well.
“Well, we’ve made it as far as we can go,” Sanada said. “We should head back before it’s too
late.”
“Agreed,” Mitsuru said.
They took the teleporter back to the lobby. Arisato made a beeline to the Velvet Room,
gesturing for Akechi to follow him. Akechi rolled his eyes and followed. He stopped directly
in front of the Velvet Room door.
Arisato turned to Akechi and raised his eyebrows.
“If you’re about to ask me why I won’t go in, I’ll–”
“I was, but… your pocket.”
“My what?” Akechi looked down at his pocket. A faint red light was emerging from it,
creating a magenta glow as it collided with the blue light of the Velvet Room. It was the same
pocket the paper was in.
Akechi glanced at the others. They didn’t give any indication that it looked like a flashlight
was inside his pocket and switched on. Akechi slowly pulled out the piece of paper.

The drawing of the spear was still there, but on top of it, a word was written on it with
glowing red letters. It also looked like no human language.
As a matter of fact, those letters looked a lot like the text on Theodore’s clipboard.
“What are you guys waiting for?” Mitsuru asked, sounding tense. “The Dark Hour ends in a
few minutes.”
The two of them stepped away from the Velvet Room, still staring at the paper. As soon as
they moved away from the glow of the Velvet Room, the word faded entirely.
Akechi and Arisato gave each other equally perplexed glances. With no small amount of
dread, Akechi realized he’d have to speak to Igor about this.
Damnit.

The night of the full moon, everybody gathered at the command room while Yamagishi used
her persona to try to locate any powerful shadows.
“Any luck, Fuuka?” Sanada asked, looking to be on the verge of pacing.
Fuuka clasped her hands together tightly. “Just a moment…” Inside the bubble her persona
created, her voice echoed strangely when she spoke. Her eyes flew open suddenly. “I found
it! There’s a strong presence!”
“Yes!” Iori cheered. “Looks like you were right, Sanada-senpai.”
“Or so it would appear,” Ikutsuki said, sounding satisfied himself.
“Where is it located?” Akechi asked. There was no time to waste. The strong presence could
very well disappear even before the Dark Hour ended.
“It’s in Iwatodai… at a building on Shirakawa boulevard.”
Ikutsuki hummed, resting his hand against his chin. “Shirakawa boulevard… they’ve been
finding the Lost in pairs around there lately. Now, I understand why.”
Mitsuru looked briefly confused. “In pairs… oh, I get it.”
Yamagishi’s confusion lasted much longer. Akechi wasn’t in the know either, but he had a
few strong suspicions. “What’s at Shirakawa boulevard? I’m not familiar with that area,”
Yamagishi asked.
Iori grinned. “It’s where all those hotels are–” Yukari furiously jabbed Iori’s side with her
elbow. Iori yelped and jumped away from her. “Would you stop doing that?”
“Would you stop being an idiot?” Yukari asked. She very subtly nodded in Akechi’s direction.
Iori’s eyes widened.

“What sort of hotels?” Akechi asked innocently, just to watch Iori squirm.
“Oh, um, fun hotels!” Iori asked. “Where two buddies go to, uh, have fun!”
“Fun?” Yamagishi asked. Her face suddenly became pink. “O-oh. Right. Fun.”
“What sort of fun?” Akechi asked. “Can’t you have fun at any hotel?”
“I mean, I guess, yeah,” Iori stuttered. “But these hotels are especially designed for people
to… to have fun.” Sanada snorted. Iori glared at him. “Some help, you guys?”
“Just forget it,” Yukari said. “It’s the sort of hotel kids aren’t allowed to go to.”
Akechi frowned and widened his eyes comically. “Is there gambling?”
“Um…” Yukari glanced at Ikutsuki pleadingly.
Mitsuru and Arisato were wearing amused expressions, and Sanada burst out laughing. Did
he know Akechi was playing with them? Or did he enjoy seeing Iori and Yukari squirm as
much as Akechi did?
“You all are talking nonsense,” Ikutsuki said. “It’s no different from any ordinary hotel. It just
has slightly fancier rooms, that’s all.”
“Seriously?” Iori had the gall to sound disappointed.
Yukari’s face became tinted pink. “I don’t know about this… maybe I shouldn’t go.”
Iori laughed. “You’re just like a little kid, Yuka-tan.”
“Fine, then!” Yukari’s flush turned from one of embarrassment to one of frustration. “This
time, I want a piece of the action! You’d better let me fight alongside you, Minato.”
Minato nodded.
“I would like to come along as well,” Akechi said, because he did not enjoy being treated like
an innocent child. “Not to be conceited, but I am among the more powerful of our number.
Having my strength will come in handy against these powerful shadows.”
“He has a point…” Yamagishi said reluctantly.
“Wh-what?! Are you kidding?” Iori genuinely looked horrified. “But Akechi-kun is actually
a little kid! You can’t put him on the team!”
Little kid? Akechi exercised some extreme self-control when it came to not punching Iori in
the face. Did he really think Akechi was some sort of toddler?
“It hasn’t been a problem before,” Akechi said. “Why is it a problem now? It’s the dark hour.
It’s not as though I’m going to see anything unsuitable for children. Anyone engaging in
inappropriate activity are going to be coffins.”

“I mean, sure, but… are you sure this is a good idea?” Yukari asked Ikutsuki. “Maybe he
should sit this one out.”
“He is standing right here,” Akechi snapped. “I’m going. If I’m risking my life with all of
you, I have the right to do so no matter how inappropriate the setting may seem. If that’s
quite alright with you, leader.”
Arisato’s amused expression became slightly grim, and he nodded.
“Alright, that leaves just one more member to join the main team,” Ikutsuki said. “Everyone
else will stay outside and guard Fuuka.”
“Pick me, pick me, pick me,” Iori muttered under his breath as Arisato glanced between the
three remaining members of the group.
“Akihiko,” he said.
Sanada smiled victoriously. “I won’t let you down.”
“Are you kidding me?” Iori asked.
“Akihiko has debuff skills,” Arisato said simply. “That’s handy against strong enemies.”
Iori groaned. “Fine. Whatever. I don’t care.”
Clearly.

Chapter End Notes

y'all i know i complained about having only one trigger warning this chapter but next
chapter is gonna be a doozy
the plot is really picking up now and i am very happy about it
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments (feel
free to correct typos). <3
Also! please check out this art by ghostshadow-k-r!

Chapter 14: July 7–8, 2009
Chapter Summary

PLEASE READ THE TRIGGER WARNINGS
*ahem*
thank you for reading them as I'm sure you did

Chapter Notes

tw: ptsd, violence, suicidal ideation, drowning, references to sex work, references to
sex, gun, referenced child abuse, referenced non consensual experimentation, self harm

See the end of the chapter for more notes

They arrived in front of the hotel at Shirakawa boulevard. The gold-toned arch at the entrance
really added to the moment.
“Do you know exactly where in the hotel it is?” Akechi asked Fuuka.
“Just give me a moment,” Fuuka said, re-summoning her persona.
“We should go on ahead,” Sanada said. He started walking toward the hotel’s entrance.
“Fuuka can tell us where the shadow is when she finds it, but there’s no time to waste
standing around out here.”
That was true enough. Akechi, Arisato, and Yukari all followed Sanada into the hotel. Yukari
shivered.
“This place is kinda creepy,” she said.
Akechi actually agreed. The hallways were innocent enough, but inside the rooms…
Why had he insisted upon coming along? What was he trying to prove? This was the last
place he wanted to be. Even now, Akechi could imagine his mother’s exhausted face. The
array of clients she brought home. Visits to the bathhouse. Even after she successfully left
that life and survived off part time jobs, she would reel from Akechi’s touch when caught off
guard. Haunted by work she hated.

As far as he knew, Akechi’s mother had rarely taken clients to institutions like this, but the
correlation was enough to make his stomach squirm.
Akechi didn’t want to be here.
“Akechi-kun, are you alright?” Yukari asked. “You look a little pale.”
“It’s nothing,” Akechi said. He wasn’t going to gripe about a place that wasn’t inherently
evil. Not everything had to be painted through the lens of Akechi’s past. “Has Yamagishi
located the shadow yet?”
“It’s on the third floor,” Yamagishi communicated through their transceivers.
“Got it,” Arisato said, finally taking the lead.
A few common shadows haunted the halls of the hotel, but they were nothing overly
formidable. They served as a fantastic distraction from the turmoil of Akechi’s thoughts.
They reached the third floor quickly enough. Two painstakingly obvious double doors
blocked the way to the powerful shadow near the back of the third floor. Arisato opened them
without hesitation.
The room was almost entirely empty, with a small red stage in the center and equally red
curtains along the walls. At the center of the room sat the most alarming shadow Akechi had
seen yet. It was shaped like a fat man sitting on a throne, but a slender woman-like shape sat
behind him, fondling him. Two crosses stood on either side of the shadow.
“Why did it have to be here, of all places?” Yukari groaned.
Akechi needed to take his mind off of the sight before him. “Oh,” he said in a long-drawn out
manner. “You were talking about love hotels–”
“Huh?” Yukari asked, sounding startled.
“And the fun Iori kept prattling on about was sex.”
Yukari’s face turned entirely red. Sanada got his evoker at the ready.
“Come on you two, focus.”
“Um, right!” Yukari joined Sanada’s side, and Akechi followed with a small smirk on his
face. If only Iori had been there to be horrified and confused as well. Then, he might have
actually managed to shake off the pure disgust looking at this shadow made him feel.
“This shadow is of the Hierophant arcana!” Yamagishi narrated. “Be careful!”
Oftentimes, Yamagishi’s commentary was helpful. Now was not one of those times.
The shadow used lightning attacks excessively. This fact was especially infuriating seeing as
Yukari was weak to lightning.

“Are you regretting volunteering to join this fight?” Akechi told her after she picked herself
off of the ground for the tenth time. Akechi knew that he was regretting her involvement,
even though he had no control over it.
“Oh, shut up,” Yukari snapped as she knocked an arrow into her bow.
“Be careful!” Arisato shouted. “Yukari, block!”
“Are you kidding–”
“Do it!”
Yukari shifted into a defensive position just as a bolt of lightning landed on top of her. Akechi
retaliated by summoning Loki and using megidolaon.
Instantly, the shadow keeled over, but it didn’t die, even though this was the second time
Akechi had used megidolaon on it. Clearly, Yamagishi’s claim about these shadows
becoming stronger wasn’t baseless.
Sanada tossed a soul drop in Akechi’s direction. Akechi shoved it into his mouth gratefully.
“We’ve almost got it!” Sanada said encouragingly.
With a furious shout, Arisato pressed his evoker against the side of his head and fired.
Narcissus appeared and cast garula. The shadow stumbled backwards.
“My turn,” Yukari said, knocking her arrow again. She took aim and let her arrow fly through
the air. It pierced the shadow’s head, causing it to tumble over entirely.
Everybody descended upon the shadow, doing as much damage as they could before it could
get back up. It disappeared in a cloud of smoke, and Akechi let out a sigh of relief.
“Great work everyone!” Yamagishi congratulated. “I’ll be waiting outside for you guys.”
Akechi turned around and walked as quickly as possible to the doors. He pulled at the
doorknobs, but the door itself didn’t budge.
“It’s locked,” Akechi said. The monotone in his voice successfully hid the pure rage he felt at
this development. Who the hell locked the doors?
“What?” Yamagishi’s voice became panicked. “I sense another powerful presence in the
room. It’s different from the enemy you just defeated. Where could it be?”
“I guess we’ll just have to look around,” Sanada said.
Akechi rolled his eyes. “The room isn’t that big,” he said. “And it’s empty. Unless the
shadow is really small, or hiding in that mirror, then I don’t think looking around is going to
do anything.”
“He was just making a suggestion,” Yukari said defensively.

Akechi opened his mouth to say how little he cared about suggestions when they were
trapped, but he got distracted by Arisato walking toward the mirror on the back wall. It was a
large mirror. However, as Arisato got closer to it, his reflection didn’t appear.
“Is it just me, or is something strange about that mirror?” Yukari asked.
“It–” Akechi never got to explain. As Arisato touched the glass experimentally, a bright light
filled the room. Akechi’s ears began ringing loudly, and his head began swimming.
What the–

Goro was lying in a bathtub fully clothed. The water was hot against his skin, and the faucet
was still running loudly. He blinked up at the dim ceiling lights in confusion.
What was he doing here?
A voice whispered in his head. “Embrace your desire.”
“What the hell are you?” Goro whispered. He mustered up the energy to sit up and stop the
tub from overflowing. He then leaned back against the back of the tub, continuing to stare at
the ceiling. He was so tired…
“I am the voice of your inner self… Enjoy the moment… That which cannot be felt is merely a
dream… The present is all we have…”
Something inside Goro stirred at those words. It was like a tiny fire lit up inside his brain,
desperate to push back the steam that surrounded him.
The fire was the only thing stopping Goro from sinking further into the tub.
“Who are you?” he asked again. His voice was still no louder than a whisper.
“The future is but a fantasy, memory a fabrication… Let your desire free you from your
shackles… Such is my wish…”
A name, Maruki, flashed across Goro’s brain. Maruki, who was that? Goro didn’t know any–
What was he thinking about?
“The future is but a fantasy,” the voice in his mind echoed.
Future? Goro didn’t have any future. He couldn't quite remember why at the moment, but the
future was lost to him. He would never move forward. He’d only sink further and further
down…
The water was gathering around his chin. Goro looked further up to keep his face from being
submerged.

“Relief is what you truly want. You stand before the doorway to bliss.” That was an odd thing
to say. Goro wasn’t standing. “You cannot deny your instincts… Embrace your desire…”
Goro was growing to like that voice. It was soothing… kind of like his mother. The water felt
good too… like a warm embrace. It was all the way up to his nose now.
Goro missed his mother. If he closed his eyes, could he see her again? She had gone away
this way too. The voice had said bliss.
Something inside of Goro screamed. The fire flared up inside of him. This was wrong;
something was wrong.
But what could possibly be wrong? The hot water was so inviting. Goro held his breath as his
entire face became submerged in it. Everything could be fine… just one more nap… one
more release…
“Why do you resist…? Do not avert your eyes from the truth…”
Well, if the voice said so… he kept his eyes open, even though the water stung them. He
couldn’t see much, just the dim red light from the ceiling rippling above him. It was almost
beautiful.
Nobody would miss him anyway.
Who was he again?
Well, if even he couldn’t remember who he was, then nobody else would either.
He couldn’t hold his breath any longer. He inhaled, and burning water filled his lungs. He
tried to cough it up, but more water kept flooding in—
A different voice broke through the fog.
“I chooseth this fate of my own free will.”
No. Akechi refused to die like this. Not with some god whispering lies that crawled into his
brain and suffocated him. He would not die like this.
Akechi burst out of the bathtub, tumbling over the side and onto the tile floor. He coughed
furiously, hacking up the water he had already inhaled. Akechi’s entire body shook as his
unsteady fingers scratched at the tiles. He just needed some stability, but his lungs and
sinuses burned. Tears of pain automatically rose to Akechi’s eyes, and he furiously clawed at
his face to keep them at bay.
Unsurprisingly, it didn’t work.
Someone was knocking on the door. Akechi attempted to stop gagging.
“Akechi, are you in there?” It was Sanada.

“Yes.” Akechi’s voice came out much hoarser than he expected, and he grimaced. “Just a
minute.”
Akechi forced himself to his feet and fought off the wave of dizziness that came with it. He
quickly shoved his jacket, which was the only thing he hadn’t been wearing, over his sopping
wet clothes. Everything about him was so off balance. How dare that disgusting shadow try
to mess with Akechi’s brain?
Mostly, Akechi was disgusted with himself.
“Are you okay in there?” Sanada asked.
“One more moment!” Akechi put his shoes on and opened the door for Sanada. Sanada
lowered his hand, clearly about the knock again.
“You’re… wet,” he said. He looked past Akechi. “So is the bathroom.”
“I don’t want to talk about it,” Akechi snapped, brushing past Sanada.
Sanada stepped further into the bathroom. “Wait. The Dark Hour probably won’t set things
completely to normal–”
“Does it look like I care?” Akechi looked around the hotel room. “Where are my weapons?”
“On the dresser,” Sanada said. “I’m going to drain the bathtub.”
“You do that.” Akechi marched up to the dresser and put his evoker in his holster. He grabbed
hold of his sword too, breathing more easily now that he had something he could stab that
shadow with.
Speaking of that shadow… this was a love hotel… and everyone was being brainwashed.
“Sanada!” Akechi turned toward him, feeling mildly panicked. “Did you wake up in this
room?”
Sanada shook his head. “Nah, I woke up in a different room. Almost fell asleep. It was really
weird.”
Akechi’s grip loosened on his sword. “How did you know I was in that bathroom?”
“I heard you coughing.” Sanada exited the bathroom and closed the door behind him. “What
was going on in there?”
“It was nothing.”
“Are those scratch marks on your face–”
“It was nothing.”
Sanada’s expression hardened. “Fine. We should find the others. Fuuka?”

“The others are heading up the stairs to you,” Yamagishi said through their trancievers. “The
enemy was interfering with you guys’ thoughts, and you all got separated. But the enemy is
still in the same room as before.”
“Got it,” Sanada said. “Thanks, Fuuka.”
“Also, the door leading into that room is sealed. I’ll try to find a way to break the seal, but
focus on finding the others first.”
Finding the others was not as difficult a task as Yamagishi and Sanada made it out to be.
Sanada and Akechi took two steps outside of their room as Yukari and Arisato ran toward
them.
“Oh, thank goodness you guys are alright,” Yukari said.
“Are you alright?” Sanada asked.
“W-we’re fine!” Yukari’s voice rose in octave, confirming a personal theory Akechi had
about this stupid shadow. Her hair was slightly damp as well, but not her clothes. “Nothing
weird happened to us or anything.”
“How about you guys?” Arisato asked. His face was somewhat pink, but his voice didn’t
show any change.
“Nothing happened.” Akechi glared at Sanada threateningly.
“You’re soaking wet,” Yukari said with her abounding observational skills. “And what
happened to your face–”
“You heard him,” Sanada said. “Come on, let’s find a way into that thing’s hiding place. I
have a bone to pick with him.”
Everybody could agree with that sentiment.
“I’ve got it!” Yamagishi cried out victoriously. “It’s the mirrors! They’re connected to the
shadow’s seal. If you break them, you might weaken the seal.”
“I do remember the mirror on the third floor being different,” Yukari said. “I felt strange
when I looked at it.”
“The fact it had no reflection might have something to do with that,” Akechi said, crossing
his arms.
“Oh, yeah, that’s what it was,” Sanada said.
“Break mirrors with no reflection, then,” Arisato said. “Got it.”
“Should we all split up?” Akechi asked. “We would make more progress that way.”

“But then a shadow might catch one of us off guard,” Sanada countered. “There’s safety in
numbers.”
“There’s time wasted–”
“There’s no time for this,” Arisato said. “We’re going together.”
Akechi and Sanada shut up.
It took far longer than Akechi would have liked for them to locate and destroy all of the
mirrors without reflections. Occasionally, Arisato looked as though he were about to break a
mirror that showed his reflection clear as day. On those occasions, Akechi would grab tightly
onto Arisato’s wrist.
“Break that mirror, and you won’t like what happens next,” he whispered dangerously the
first time it happened.
Arisato’s expression became more closed off after that.
In the properly functioning mirrors, Akechi could see the state of his reflection. Apart from
looking like he just walked through a downpour, obvious scratch marks covered his cheek
adjacent to his left eye. Akechi didn’t seem to have drawn much blood, but the scratches
themselves were becoming raised lines on his skin. No wonder everyone was asking about
his face.
It was nothing a dia spell wouldn’t fix.
Finally, Arisato broke the final reflectionless mirror on the third floor. Yamagishi delivered
the news gratefully.
“You’ve broken the seal door!” she said. “You can fight that shadow now!”
“Thank god,” Akechi muttered as they exited that room. If he had to look at another one of
those disgustingly large and overly bedazzled mirrors, he was going to kill someone. Maybe
Takaya. Preferably Takaya.
At least all of the running around dried him out somewhat. Water was no longer dripping
onto the carpeted halls, which was a small mercy, but his entire body was freezing.
Yukari and Sanada still shot him concerned glances. Arisato barely looked at him at all.
That was fine. Akechi didn’t care what Arisato thought of him. As a matter of fact, he was
grateful Arisato wasn’t inclined to pry into his business like the others.
They hurried to the double doors again, and Yukari pushed them open with a vengeance. A
giant shadow in the shape of a human heart with wings floated inside the middle of the room.
“You mind-controlling freak!” Yukari shouted in a fit of rage. “You’re going to pay for what
you did!”

Akechi seconded that.
Now forced out of the open, the shadow itself was not terribly impressive. It attempted to
charm all of them, and it suddenly turned out to be a good thing that Yukari was in the party.
Arisato was the only one successfully charmed, and Yukari merely used charmandi on him,
releasing him from the spell.
“Thanks,” Arisato said, looking embarrassed. “Akechi, how much energy do you have?”
“Do you really have to ask? I will turn this thing to ashes.” Akechi pulled out his evoker.
“Loki!”
Akechi decimated that beast with three attacks.
“W-wow,” Yukari said, her eyes wide. “That was impressive.”
“Great work.” Sanada patted Akechi on the shoulder, and Akechi jerked away from him.
Sanada yanked his hand away. “Sorry.”
“Don’t be,” Akechi grumbled.
They returned outside the hotel, where the others were waiting. Yamagishi had dispelled her
persona and was leaning against the wall with Iori. Mitsuru was standing by the entrance with
her arms crossed. Her expression visibly relaxed when she saw Akechi and the others come
out of the building.
Yamagishi’s expression brightened, and she pushed herself off of the wall. “I’m glad you all
are safe,” she said.
“That’s the last of them, right?” Akechi asked. He would pass out if he had to fight any more
that night.
“Yes.”
“We couldn’t have done it without you,” Sanada said.
Yamagishi blushed and looked away. “Akechi-kun figured out the mirrors before I did,” she
said.
“But you found the shadow to begin with,” Akechi said. Partly because Yamagishi did
extremely good work for them. Partly, Akechi just wanted to try and save face after scaring
the wits out of Yukari during the last fight. “We’re in your debt.”
“O-oh.” Yamagishi smiled. “Thank you.”
“What happened in there?” Iori asked. “Why are both Akechi and Yukari wet?”
Yukari pulled at her still damp hair. “It was… a water attack! Right, Akechi-kun?”
Akechi nodded. “It only hit Takeba and I, though, as you can see.”

Iori narrowed his eyes. “Yeah, sure.”
“All of you did well to withstand the enemy’s mental assault, whatever form it happened to
take,” Mitsuru said. She seemed to possess some common sense, because she did not ask
what exactly occurred. Yukari and Arisato looked too embarrassed to even speak of it, and
Akechi would die before uttering a word of what happened to anyone.
“Let’s call it a night,” Sanada said. He stole yet another concerned glance at Akechi that
Akechi pretended not to see. “It’s been a long one for all of us.”
They started walking away from the hotel, although the girls lagged behind. Akechi tried to
listen in on what they were saying, but Yamagishi only got as far as saying, “About that thing
you both mentioned…” before Iori loudly spoke up.
“So, you’re the hero once again, aren’t you?” he asked Arisato.
Arisato’s expression became genuinely confused, and he stuffed his hands into his pockets. “I
barely did anything. It was a team effort.”
“Don’t go acting all humble on me,” Iori said. His voice was bitter. “You’re our great leader,
aren’t you?”
“What’s this about, Junpei?” Sanada asked.
“It’s nothing,” Iori muttered convincingly.
“If you hate me, you can just tell me to my face,” Arisato said. “I don’t care.”
Sanada’s eyes widened. “Where’d you get that idea–”
“Whatever,” Iori said before storming off. Arisato’s expression became sullener.
A strange feeling stirred up inside of Akechi. “Arisato…”
“Don’t apologize,” Arisato said. “You didn’t do anything.”
Sanada looked hopelessly confused as the girls caught up with the rest of the group. Akechi
lost his entire window to eavesdrop on them.
“What’s going on with him?” Yukari asked, watching Iori walk further ahead.
“He’s throwing a pity party for not being put on the team, I guess,” Sanada said. “Not very
mature of him, if you ask me.”
“We were all worried about you when you guys got separated,” Mitsuru said diplomatically.
“He’s probably just venting some of his frustration from that.”
“That’s a bit generous,” Yukari said. “Don’t let him get to you, Minato. You did great today.
You didn’t break the wrong mirror once!”

“That was with Akechi’s help,” Arisato said.
“Why is everyone praising me all of a sudden?” Akechi asked. A strange feeling of being
watched prickled down his back. “Just take the compliment.”
The conversation died down, and Akechi looked over his shoulder. Three familiar figures
stood on the roof adjacent to the hotel.
Takaya had taken to spying on him, had he? That was wonderful. Just fantastic.
Akechi was going to kill him.
“What’s wrong?” Mitsuru asked.
Akechi looked away. “Nothing.”

“Nothing” came in the form of a text message the following morning. One that made Akechi
want to burn his phone.
Unknown: Meet me by Tartarus.
Did Strega think they were being subtle? Everyone else Akechi knew who knew about
Tartarus had actual contacts on his phone. Akechi blocked the number. He was not about to
indulge in whatever trap Takaya was planning.
On his daily run that afternoon, Akechi received a call from another unknown answer.
Against his better judgment, he answered it.
“Akechi Goro speaking. Who is this?” Akechi asked pleasantly.
“Hello, Akechi Goro.” Takaya’s voice was light and mocking. “I know you blocked my
number.”
“Figured that out all by yourself, did you?” Akechi huffed. He had been running extra
aggressively, already going an extra mile of distance. The exhaustion helped him forget the
mortifying experience of last night. “Using Jin’s phone, then?”
“Are you going to meet me, or are we going to keep playing this game of cat and mouse?”
Takaya asked.
“Only you?” Akechi asked suspiciously. “What about the rest of Strega?”
“Them too,” Takaya conceded. “We have questions for you.”
“If you have questions, there’s nothing stopping you from asking me now,” Akechi said. He
maneuvered around a couple walking their dog.

“Ah, but talking on the phone is just so impersonal,” Takaya said. “I’d much prefer to speak
to you face to face.”
“So you can shoot me?”
“So accusatory. I’m hurt.”
“Deal with it.” Akechi rolled his eyes. “What the hell do you want to ask?”
Takaya tutted. “So impatient. If you must know, we would like to know more about your
friends. You had quite the exciting excursion last night–”
Akechi hung up on him and shoved his phone into his pocket. A few moments later, it began
ringing furiously. Akechi ignored the call and violently blocked the new number.
No other calls came through. Apparently, Chidori didn’t have a phone. Or maybe it was
Takaya or Jin who didn’t have phones all along.
That night, Akechi sat restlessly in his room, trying to sleep and failing horribly. It was a
small mercy that his shower was just a normal stand-up shower with no bathtub attached. He
wouldn’t have been able to wash himself without feeling sick to his stomach.
Akechi’s phone pinged from where it was sitting on his desk. Much to his overwhelming
relief, it was Shinjiro who sent the text. It was unusual for Shinjiro to text, but it wasn’t the
first time.
Aragaki Shinjiro: Heard yesterday was rough. Want to talk?
Akechi frowned. Shinjiro wasn’t one for talking about his feelings.
Akechi Goro: Meet at our usual spot by Tartarus?
It only took a few seconds for “Shinjiro” to reply.
Aragaki Shinjiro: You know it.
Akechi had to give it to whoever had stolen Shinjiro’s phone. They certainly knew how to
copy his mannerisms. Did Strega and Shinjiro talk frequently? Not frequently enough, if they
were dumb enough to think Akechi and Shinjiro talked at Tartarus. They mostly spoke
together on the steps of Iwatodai Station.
“Fantastic,” Akechi muttered. Oh well, it wasn’t as though he had been getting any sleep
anyhow.
He armed himself with his evoker before getting onto the train to Port Island at around thirty
minutes ‘til midnight. When he was with the entire group, Mitsuru put their weapons in
suitcases to make them seem less conspicuous. Akechi didn’t want to lug a suitcase to an
ambush. His evoker would serve him just fine.

He reached Gekkoukan high five minutes before the Dark Hour began, and he scanned the
area for any sign of Strega. They clearly preferred the lay low until the Dark Hour, which
wasn’t a terrible strategy. Akechi kept a tight hold on his evoker as he waited for the world to
suddenly fall asleep.
Sure enough, as soon the Dark Hour began, Akechi heard three sets of footsteps walk behind
him. Akechi immediately pulled out his evoker and turned around to face Strega.
“Are you always this ready for combat around friends?” Jin asked, crossing his arms.
“First of all, Aragaki isn’t my friend,” Akechi said. “Second of all, I’m not stupid. I knew
you stole Shinjiro’s phone.”
“How perceptive,” Chidori said, looking bored.
“Indeed.” Takaya smiled. “And you chose to meet with us regardless? How bold.”
“Don’t feel too flattered. I was bored.” Akechi glared. “What are your questions?”
“We wanted to know what you and your team hope to accomplish by fighting these shadows
on the full moon,” Takaya said. “It seems to only lead to more pain on your end.”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Akechi said. “We’re just ridding the world of scum. I should kill you
too.”
Jin rolled his eyes. “I knew he wouldn't cooperate. Come on, Takaya.”
“You won’t attack me,” Takaya said. “I still have information for you.”
“And what’s stopping me from killing the other two?” Akechi snarled.
“As if you could,” Jin scoffed. “Let’s get out of here, Chidori. Leave Takaya to his
plaything.”
“What the hell did you just call me?” Akechi pulled the trigger on his persona and summoned
Loki, performing megidolaon on the entire group. Chidori and Takaya managed to dodge, but
Jin stumbled backwards as the blast hit him with full force.
“You’ve got a temper on you,” Jin snapped, turning around and running. Chidori sighed and
ran after him.
“You scared them off,” Takaya observed. “How fascinating.”
“I’m not your toy.” Akechi pointed his evoker back toward is head. “Get the hell out of here,
or next time, I won’t miss.”
“Ignore Jin, he’s just jealous,” Takaya said, which was the most absurd thing Akechi had ever
heard. “Besides, I had a few questions of a more personal nature for you.”

“I’m not answering a damn thing unless you finally tell me something about you. What’s
your relation with the Kirijo Group?”
“Very well.” Takaya leisurely sat down on the sidewalk, inspecting his revolver. “I was once
a homeless orphan like yourself–”
“I’m not homeless.”
“A dormitory is hardly a home, but I digress. The Kirijo Group took me in and helped me to
become something more.”
“That’s vague,” Akechi said disdainfully. “Care to share a little more?”
“I think it’s your turn now, actually.” Takaya aimed the gun at Akechi. Akechi tensed. “What
happened when you were split up from the rest of the group?”
“How did you know about–”
“I have my ways, but it’s my turn to ask questions.” Takaya tilted his head, smiling gleefully.
“So? What happened?”
“It tried to kill me. Satisfied?”
“There’s no need to be coy. I won’t judge.”
“I’m sure you have your theories, but if you get to be vague with your responses, I have the
right to be vague as well. Are you done now?”
“No. I believe that was just your question, so I get to ask another.” Akechi cursed himself
inwardly. “How exactly did it try to kill you?”
“Why the hell do you care?”
“I can’t be concerned about a business partner?” Takaya narrowed his eyes. “Now answer my
question.”
“We are not–”
Takaya clicked the safety off of his gun. Akechi froze.
“A question for a question, an answer for an answer,” Takaya whispered. “That is the game
we are currently playing. You owe me an answer.”
Akechi clenched his fingers around his own evoker. “It tried to drown me in a bathtub.”
“Chidori sensed no specific presence of a shadow in the room with you,” Takaya said. “How
did it drown you if you were the only one in the room?”
So Chidori had an ability similar to Fuuka’s. Good to know.
“It’s my turn for a question.”

“Even if this were my next question, you already wasted your turn on asking why I cared.
However, you’ll recall that my initial question required exact details. Your details were not
exact.”
Akechi set his jaw. “It manipulated my thoughts to make me lethargic enough to drown
myself. Next question.” Akechi was careful not to phrase that last part in question form.
Takaya would undoubtedly use it against him.
“Was it frightening?”
Takaya was a massive creep. Akechi hated himself for even thinking he’d get any useful
information out of him.
Then again, without Takaya, Akechi might have never uncovered the secrets Mitsuru was
hiding about the cause of the Dark Hour.
“No.” Akechi stared at Takaya without wavering. “It wasn’t. What exactly did the Kirijo
group do to you when they took you in?”
Takaya’s grin widened. “Oh, experiments and the like. They wanted to inject artificial
potential into humans, which is how I have a persona of my own. I barely survived the
process.” Takaya stood up. “This has been an enjoyable conversation, but I’m afraid Jin will
be irritable if I linger too long. Farewell.”
“I’m not done–” With the thundering sound of gunfire, a bullet whizzed past Akechi’s ear.
Akechi’s heart stuttered.
“My apologies.” Takaya lazily put his gun away. “My hand slipped.”
Hermit Arcana: Rank 4

Chapter End Notes

I would like to say that things only go up from here
glances at chapter 15
hmmmmm
Anyway, I meant to do a lovely social link status check back in chapter ten endnotes and
then completely forgot. Thank you to Nat490 for reminding me and also doing all the
hard work for me too. I hope you don't mind that I did copy and paste your list and
tweaked it.
Fool (0) - Kurusu Tsuyoshi (?) - Rank 2
Empress (III) - Kirijo Mitsuru - Rank 4
Justice (VIII) - Amada Ken - Rank 3

Hermit (IX) - Sakaki Takaya - Rank 4
Strength (XI) - Yamamoto Emiko - Rank 3
Death (XIII) - Arisato Minato - Rank 3
Temperance (XIV) - Iori Junpei - Rank 1
Devil (XV) - Ikutsuki Shuji- Rank 3
Tower (XVI) - Shido Masayoshi - Rank 1
Moon (XVIII) - Aragaki Shinjiro - Rank 3
Judgement (XX) - Velvet Room Attendants - Rank 3
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments (feel
free to correct typos). <3

Chapter 15: July 9–13, 2009
Chapter Summary

Some Dorm Shennanigans
And maybe a lore dump?

Chapter Notes

tw: ptsd, self-loathing, drowning, nightmare, references to unethical experimentation on
children :(

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Akechi was sinking. Water surrounded him on all sides. His soaked clothes weighed him
down as he tried to swim toward the surface.
A cold hand grabbed Akechi’s ankle. Akechi swam harder.
“Join me,” his mother’s voice echoed as the hold on his ankle tightened. “Goro, dear, come
now.”
Akechi opened his mouth to protest, but more burning water filled his lungs. He continued
swimming.
Another hand grabbed his other ankle. “Join us in hell where you belong,” Isshiki Wakaba’s
voice snarled.
No matter how hard Akechi kicked, the surface didn’t get any nearer. More hands grabbed
hold of him, pulling him further and further down. His vision began fading.
He was going to die. He was going to–
A hand came from above. Akira was swimming toward him, holding out both of his hands.
“Grab on,” he said. “I’ve got you!”
Akechi reached out for a moment.
Then, he retracted his hand. Akira didn’t know what he was offering. Akria didn’t deserve to
hold his bloodstained hands.

“Akechi!” Akira screamed. “Akechi, you stupid–”

Akechi woke up.
Akechi stared dully at his ceiling, feeling completely normal. The dream had been utterly
bizarre, but his heart rate hadn’t elevated like it sometimes did. Akechi rolled over and
glanced at the clock on his bedside table.
It was only two in the morning.
Akechi sighed and closed his eyes again. He might as well try to get some sleep, seeing as he
had only gone to bed an hour ago after his unfortunate encounter with Takaya.
Akechi wasn’t sure how long he lay there, his eyes closed, staying perfectly still. He did
know it was long enough for him to ascertain that he was never going to fall asleep.
Akechi sat up and exited his dorm. He was somewhat hungry, and nobody would care if he
snuck into the lounge for an apple. Maybe the excursion would make him tired enough to
actually get some rest. Although, from past experience, it was unlikely.
When Akechi reached the bottom of the stairs, Sanada was already sitting on top of the
kitchen counter, eating some cereal. His eyes widened when Akechi approached, his spoon
halfway through his mouth.
“Hello there, Sanada-senpai,” Akechi said. “What keeps you up this late?”
“Oh.” Sanada quickly swallowed his mouthful of cereal. “I kind of lost track of time, and
then I got hungry. How about you?”
“The same, I’m afraid,” Akechi lied.
“Uh huh,” Sanada said, looking doubtful, but he shrugged. “Well, help yourself.”
Akechi took a banana from the fruit bowl, peeled it, and took a bite. Sanada continued to eat
his cereal contentedly, but there was a strange look on his face.
“If you have a question, you might as well ask,” Akechi said, trying not to sound too irritable.
“It’s better than letting it fester.”
“I don’t want to pry,” Sanada said in a way that meant it was precisely what he wanted to do.
“You wouldn’t be the first,” Akechi sighed. “As long as you don’t have me at gunpoint, I
don't care.”
Sanada stared at him. “Wha–”
“That was a joke,” Akechi hastened to interrupt.

“You promise?” Sanada asked, pointing his spoon at Akechi threateningly. It wasn’t that
intimidating. “You didn’t sound like you were joking.”
“I promise, I was joking.” Akechi rolled his eyes. Technically, he had only been joking. He
had merely made a sarcastic quip about a real event. Practically the same thing, really.
“Right.” Sanada didn’t sound very convinced. “Anyway, this is kind of awkward to ask, but
are you doing alright?”
“I’m fine, Sanada-senpai.”
“See, I feel like you get overly polite when something isn’t alright,” Sanada said. “Also,
you’ve known me long enough to start calling me Akihiko. Nobody calls me Sanada.”
Akechi was beginning to call a great many people by their first name, recently. “Well,
Akihiko, I assure you that I am fine.”
“I know something happened last night,” Akihiko said.
Akechi took another bite out of his banana to hide his frustration. “Yes. We defeated two
powerful shadows.”
“You know that’s not what I meant.”
Akechi didn’t say anything.
“Look, you don’t have to tell me. But tell me that you have someone to talk to. Because I
know you didn’t just take a bath.”
“Don’t you think you’re jumping to conclusions?”
“Yukari showered, and she didn’t come out of it coughing up water and clawing at her own
face,” Akihiko said. “And before you ask me how I know, I asked her, and she told me.”
“Look, it doesn’t matter,” Akechi said. “It’s over. It’s done. I survived, so who gives a damn
what happened?”
“Surviving is never the hardest part.”
Akihiko’s voice was deathly serious, and Akechi fell silent as Sanada finished off the last of
his cereal.
“I know what it’s like to think you have to deal with everything on your own. Talk to
someone. Please.” He slid off of the countertop and left his bowl on the counter. “I’ll deal
with it in the morning. I need to sleep.”
Akihiko left, and Akechi threw away the rest of his banana. He wasn’t very hungry anymore.
He picked up Akihiko’s bowl and began washing it.

Akihiko didn’t know what he was talking about. When did being vulnerable with anyone ever
end well? Akechi was fine on his own. He had been for years.

A couple days later, the chairman came over and summoned everyone to the command room.
Yamagishi said that she had information to share as well, after the chairman left.
Mitsuru explained to Ikutsuki everything that occurred on the night of the full moon. Ikutsuki
listened patiently. When she was done, he nodded.
“I see. It seems Fuuka was right. They are getting stronger. However, it’s not all bad news. I
actually came today to be the deliverer of some quite excellent news.”
“Oh yeah?” Iori asked. “What is it?”
“The twelve shadows we’ve been fighting; they emerged from the explosion ten years ago.”
Takeba frowned. “Yeah. And?”
“Well, what if I told you that those specific shadows were the cause of everything?”
“So that means…” Akihiko began, his eyes widening.
“Yep!” Ikutsuki snapped his fingers, even though Akihiko never got to finish his sentence. “If
we destroy the shadows, the Dark Hour and everything with it, will disappear.”
“Isn’t that a bit of a stretch?” Akechi asked. “The shadows might have caused the Dark Hour,
but there’s no guarantee they’re the power source.”
“I have it on good authority that is exactly the case,” Ikutsuki said cheerfully, looking entirely
unfazed.
“And who is this authority of yours?” Mitsuru asked.
“You’ll see.” Ikutsuki continued smiling. “You don’t have to believe me, but you can’t deny
that the shadows need to be defeated regardless. We’ll let the results speak for themselves.”
“Fair enough,” Akihiko said. “Any other news?”
“I’m afraid not, but I’ll keep you tuned.” Ikutsuki stood up. “Well, I won’t keep you kids
away from your fun. Fuuka said you had a game night planned?”
Everybody glanced at Yamagishi, who nodded with slightly flushed cheeks. “Oh, yes! It was
Yukari’s idea.”
“Yep!” Yukari smiled. “Sorry, Ikutsuki-san. It’s no adults allowed.”
Ikutsuki chuckled. “I know how it is. Don’t have too much fun. But try not to get board
either!”

Ikutsuki cackled as everyone else chased him out of the room with their deadpan stares.
Akechi stood by the door and made sure he heard Ikutsuki’s footsteps grow further away on
the stairs.
“Is he still there?” Yamagishi asked.
“I’m confused,” Iori said. “Why are we having a game night?”
“You really are stupid, aren’t you?” Yukari sighed.
Akechi cracked the door open to make sure Ikutsuki didn’t sneak back up the stairs to
eavesdrop. Nobody was in the hall.
“I’ve already disabled the security cameras in this room, so there’s no need to be worried on
that end,” Mitsuru said.
“I’m still confused,” Iori said. “Is this a coup?”
Yamagishi’s face became panicked. “N-no! Of course not! Right?” She looked at Mitsuru
pleadingly.
Mitsuru shook her head. “Not yet, at least. Everyone, Takeba and I asked Yamagishi to dig
deeper into Kirijo files to find information on the Dark Hour that my father has kept secret
from me. Yamagishi has finally found some new information, and I thought it prudent to
share it with all of you, so that I can keep your trust.”
“Mitsuru…” Akihiko sounded genuinely touched.
“So… what was all of that about board games, then?” Iori asked. “Do we not trust the
chairman or something?”
“We don’t distrust him.” Yukari didn’t sound too sure of that. “We just… didn’t think he’d
approve of us hacking into Kirijo’s database.”
“It is illegal,” Yamagishi agreed.
“I mean, sure, but this is Ikutsuki-san we’re talking about,” Iori protested. “Didn’t you hear
that terrible pun he made just now?”
“You really want to judge a man’s character by their terrible puns?” Akechi asked
incredulously.
Iori collapsed into the sofa with a defeated expression. “No. I guess not.”
“What did you find?” Arisato asked. His headphones were off, which meant he must be
genuinely interested in the conversation.
“Oh, well, not much,” Yamagishi admitted. She pulled out a small notebook from her pocket.
“I wrote everything I found in English, so it would be harder for someone to find out what’s
in it.”

“It’s a good thought, but I guarantee you that Kirijo Takeharu knows English, as well as those
under him,” Akechi said. “You should try to make a code, at the very least.”
“He’s right,” Mitsuru said. “My father’s well-versed in various languages.”
Yamagishi looked down at her notebook, obviously downcast. “Oh.”
“Don’t let it get you too down, Fuuka,” Yukari said encouragingly. “We’d still all love to
know what you found.”
“Definitely,” Akihiko seconded.
“R-right.” Yamagishi’s expression hardened with resolve. “Well, the first thing I found out
about were plumes of dusk. Did you know about them, Mitsuru-senpai?”
“The name is familiar,” Mitsuru admitted. “But I can’t recall their function. Please, go on.”
“They’re like physical manifestations of shadows,” Yamagishi explained. “Your grandfather
discovered one fourteen years ago, which led him to want to study shadows in the first
place.”
“Physical shadows?” Iori asked. “How is that even possible?”
“It’s hard to explain.” Yamagishi bit her lip as she inspected her notes. “Um… basically, they
both possess matter and, according to these research notes, information? I’m not entirely sure
what they mean by that, but these plumes have the ability to manipulate time and space.”
“Seriously?” Akihiko asked. “Could they control them?”
“Not initially, no…” Yamagishi turned a page. “But, they were used in all of the technology
we use during the Dark Hour.”
“Like Mitsuru’s motorcycle?” Iori asked.
“And evokers, and the command room,” Akechi said. “Our evokers aren’t like ordinary guns.
They would need something like this plume of dusk to make us summon our personas, as
opposed to killing us.”
“That’s right.” Yamagishi nodded, looking impressed. “The plumes kickstart our potential, so
to speak, making it easier to summon our personas.”
“Why the hell did they design it as a gun, then?” Iori demanded. “Isn’t that weird?”
“It’s not just the potential,” Mitsuru said, wearing a thoughtful expression. “The traumatizing
shock of shooting yourself in the head also encourages your persona to come out to protect
you. It is strange, now that I think about it.”
“That only just occurred to you now?” Yukari asked, eyeing Mitsuru like she was a shadow
herself.

“She did grow up with this stuff,” Akihiko said.
“There’s one more thing plumes of dusk were used for, apart from general research on
shadows,” Yamagishi said. “Researchers used two plumes of dusk to create something called
a papillon heart. They used those papillon hearts to create Anti-Shadow Suppression
Weapons.”
“Woah, that’s way too much new vocabulary for my brain,” Iori said. “Please tell me this
won’t show up in our exams.”
“Take this seriously, would you?” Yukari snapped.
“I hope you are studying for exams,” Akechi said mildly. “They’re approaching rather soon,
from what I understand.”
“Easy for you to say!” Iori exclaimed. “You don’t have any.”
“I’ll help you study, if you’d like,” Akechi said, not really meaning it.
“Oh, shut up.”
“What are Anti-Suppression Weapons, then?” Arisato asked. It was the most interest he’d
shown yet.
“Anti-Shadow Suppression Weapons,” Yamagishi corrected. “It is a bit of mouthful.”
“Let’s call them Anti-Shadow Weapons for short, then,” Akihiko suggested, sitting down on
one of the ottomans.
“That’s not that much shorter,” Yukari muttered.
“Well, Anti-Shadow Weapons are… robots, I suppose,” Yamagishi said. “But they could
summon personas.”
“What?!” Iori exclaimed in a long drawn out fashion.
“I suppose these papillon hearts gave them enough of a psyche for them to have an inner self
to begin with,” Akechi mused. “In addition, if they were artificial intelligences, I suppose it’s
not too much of a stretch to believe it’s possible for them to summon personas.”
“You’re accepting it that quickly?” Iori asked.
Two words: Talking Cat.
“If you’ve seen the things I’ve seen, you would too,” Akechi said.
“If it is possible, that’s a huge technological development,” Mitsuru said. “I’m surprised the
Kirijo Group kept it quiet.”
“Perhaps they’re building a private army,” Akechi pointed out.

“I thought that too, at first,” Yamagishi said, shaking her head. “But all of the Anti-Shadow
Weapons were either destroyed or deactivated after the incident ten years ago, and there
weren’t nearly enough to create an army to begin with.”
“Papillon means butterfly in French,” Mitsuru said. “Is there any significance of the name
papillon hearts?”
“Oh, it’s nothing too complicated.” Yamagishi held out her notebook for everyone to see, and
there was a small sketch of a butterfly-like shape. “The two plumes used together looked like
a butterfly.”
“Neat,” Iori said.
“I wish I could tell you more,” Yamagishi sighed, closing her notebook. “But this was all I
could find after weeks of effort. I know there’s more information still buried in their network,
but it’s heavily protected.”
“Don’t worry, Fuuka, you’ve done plenty,” Yukari said gratefully.
“Agreed.” Mitsuru smiled. “Keep looking, but don’t work yourself too hard, okay?”
Akechi pursed his lips together, tapping his foot against the floor. “Actually, I have
something I’d like you to try to look into, if possible.”
“Yes?” Yamagishi asked, looking surprised.
“I… caught wind of a rumor that the Kirijo Group, likely Kouetsu, experimented on
children,” Akechi said slowly. Mitsuru paled, and Akechi narrowed his eyes. “Do you know
something about that, Mitsuru-senpai?”
“Oh, no, I just thought, or, rather, I hoped–” Mitsuru hugged herself and looked away.
“Mitsuru…” Akihiko said softly.
“I hoped I was the only one.”

“What happened to that piece of paper?” Arisato asked Akechi later that evening, after they
all dispersed. They were alone at the table on the second floor. “The one with that freaky
drawing on it?”
Akechi patted his pocket. He hadn’t let it leave his person, just in case he finally gathered the
energy to go into the Velvet Room. He still wanted nothing to do with those people, but
apparently, he was running low on options. Akechi had already gone near a Velvet Room
door and written down the glowing red word on a piece of paper. After searching through
libraries and the internet, Akechi found nothing that resembled the script the word was
written in.

“I was planning on speaking to Elizabeth about it,” Akechi said. He trusted Igor about as far
as he could throw him, and Theodore would certainly blab to his master. Elizabeth was the
only one Akechi could trust to keep things secret while also being honest in her responses.
Coincidentally, or perhaps not coincidentally at all, Akechi wanted nothing to do with
Elizabeth.
“Do you want me to do it?” Arisato asked. He leaned against the table, using his hands for
support. “She said you threw a clipboard at her.”
“She deserved it,” Akechi said simply. “And no, I should do it. Thank you for offering.”
Akechi wasn’t entirely sure he trusted Arisato either.
“Okay.” Arisato shrugged. “Tell me what she says. That thing is creepy.”
“Indeed.”
Arisato left the dorm, off to do whatever he did at this time in the evening. Akechi pulled the
paper out of his pocket and inspected the drawing of the spear. He really should swallow his
pride and speak to Elizabeth.
“If you really want to find out more about me, search that creepy tower that appears in the
middle of the night.”
Could this picture really have something to do with Tsuyoshi? Or was it about another matter
entirely? Regardless, Akechi couldn’t just let this sit. Not when it clearly had something to do
with the Velvet Room and its inhabitants.
Akechi would visit Elizabeth tomorrow, no matter how frustrating it might be.

“Please accept my humblest apologies for wounding you the other day,” Akechi said, bowing
lowly to Elizabeth. Igor and Theodore were also in the room, much to Akechi’s
disappointment. How come Igor had to be there today? He was fine with being absent every
other time Akechi needed him.
Well, maybe that was a slight exaggeration, but his sentiment still stood.
“Very well,” Elizabeth sighed. “It didn’t even hurt.”
Akechi flung a metal clipboard at Elizabeth’s face with his full force, and it didn’t even hurt?
How powerful were these beings?
“Still,” Akechi insisted. “To express my regret, I thought I would take you out to see the park
where I take my daily runs.”
Elizabeth smirked. “I accept. Thank you for your generous offer.”

Theodore made a little hurt noise from the back of his throat. Akechi ignored him, and
Elizabeth continued to smirk.
“Sorry, Theo,” she said. “Next time, you should be rude, and you’ll get to go to the park too.”
“That’s terrible logic,” Theodore muttered.
“Don’t worry, Theodore,” Akechi said, because he wanted to stay on good terms with at least
one of the really powerful beings. “I’ll take you to the park another day.”
“Oh, really?!” Theodore’s voice was so overjoyed that Akechi almost felt bad for him.
Akechi would have killed Igor if he had to stay more than an hour in that stupid blue room.
“Thank you very much!”
Akechi and Elizabeth stepped outside of the Velvet Room, and Akechi silently escorted
Elizabeth to the park. Elizabeth chattered along the way, making commentary on the things
they observed during the trip. She didn’t seem to mind Akechi’s stony silence.
As soon as they reached the park, Akechi pulled out the piece of paper from his pocket.
“Did you make me an apology card as well?” Elizabeth asked. “I heard that’s customary for
humans.”
“It’s not that customary,” Akechi said. “And no. Actually, I wanted you to translate
something for me.”
Akechi held out the drawing towards Elizabeth. Elizabeth frowned, inspecting the image. Her
eyes lit up with understanding.
“I recognize this spear,” she said. “It’s known by many names: the Holy Lance, the Spear of
Destiny, the Lance of Longinus–”
“What is its significance?” Akechi interrupted.
“It’s the spear that was used during the crucifixion of Christ,” Elizabeth explained. “It was
rumored that any wounds inflicted by it cannot fully heal.”
“How do you know that but not understand how an automatic door works?” Akechi frowned,
staring at the picture of the spear.
How could Elizabeth even distinguish this spear from any other spear in the world? He
supposed the overly sharp blade with the worn handle could indicate something old yet
powerful, but there were no truly defining qualities about it.
“I’ll have you know that I know exactly how automatic doors work,” Elizabeth sniffed.
“A spirit doesn’t control them,” Akechi said.
“No, it’s a small sensor that observes people approaching, and the doors open,” Elizabeth
said. “You explained it to me.”

“I'm surprised you remembered.”
“You said you wanted me to translate for you,” Elizabeth said. “But I’d hardly consider
identifying the subject of a drawing translation.”
“That’s because the word that appears on the picture only shows up in the light of the Velvet
Room,” Akechi said. “And I didn’t want to show it to you so close to Igor and Theodore.”
“You don’t trust my brother and master?” Elizabeth asked, crossing her arms.
“Do you?”
“You’re simplifying matters you have no comprehension of,” Elizabeth said scornfully.
“Fine. Be as mad as you would like.” Akechi pulled out his other slip of paper with the word
written on it. “What does this mean?”
Elizabeth plucked the piece of paper from Akechi’s fingers, still wearing a disdainful look.
She brought it close to her face with a dramatic flourish. When she read the word, her
expression became strange. Was she worried? Angry? Scared?
“So?” Akechi asked. He attempted to grab the paper from Elizabeth, but she stepped away
from his reach. “What does it say?”
“It… well, I suppose the best way to convey it in your language is as ‘remember me?”
Elizabeth sounded quite startled. “The word is typically used as a warning, however. Perhaps
it’s better translated as ‘did you foolishly forget me?’”
“Well, did you forget the person who wrote it?” Akechi asked.
“I have a theory,” Elizabeth admitted. “But I would need to discuss it with my master.”
“Seriously?”
“If my theory is correct, my master’s master will want to know about this,” Elizabeth said.
She held out her hand. “May I have the drawing? I’ll pay you handsomely, of course.”
“Are you going to tell me this theory of yours?”
Elizabeth pulled a wad of money out of her pocket. “I’ll give you one hundred thousand yen
for that drawing.”
“What is your theory?”
“I’m afraid I’m not permitted to tell you–”
“I won’t give you the paper if you don’t tell me your theory.”
Elizabeth narrowed her eyes. “Do you know exactly who you’re messing with? Because I
don’t think you do.”

“Do you really expect me to quietly nod and hand over the drawing like a good boy without a
proper explanation?”
Elizabeth rolled her eyes. “I have reason to believe an extremely powerful being is at large.
Does that satisfy you?”
It didn’t remotely satisfy Akechi, but he knew better than to push her buttons any more than
necessary. She wasn’t likely to yield any more information, and it was clear she was willing
to use whatever means necessary to get the drawing to Igor.
“Fine.” Akechi pulled the drawing back out of his pocket and handed it to Elizabeth.
Elizabeth dropped the one hundred thousand yen into his hand.
“Thank you for your cooperation,” Elizabeth said. “I believe I can find my way back to the
Velvet Room on my own.”
She spun around and walked away in the completely wrong direction. Akechi hesitated
before chasing after her and giving her clear directions on how to return to Paulownia Mall.
He learned very little, but the conversation wasn’t a total loss. He knew that whoever had left
the message was dangerous enough to concern Igor and his master. And if Tsuyoshi was
connected to the message, well, that only served to confirm Akechi’s suspicions about him to
begin with.

“Summer vacation’s coming up soon,” Yamagishi said as they all sat around the lounge the
next evening. “Does anyone have any plans?”
“Man, I want to go to the beach,” Iori sighed. “Hot sand, cool breeze… Babes in bikinis.
Somewhere South, where the water is super clear! Ugh, but we have exams first. What a
drag…”
“I’ll still help you study,” Akechi said, because he knew Iori would reject him.
“Oh, shut up with that already.”
“He’d probably do better at your exams than you do,” Yukari said.
“Hey, I resent that!” Iori sighed and closed his eyes, slumping against the wall. “Maybe,
during exams, I can just imagine I’m at the beach instead.”
“I hope you are studying so that isn’t necessary,” MItsuru chided.
“Did I hear something about the beach?” Ikutsuki asked as he entered the room. Yamagishi,
Yukari, and Mitsuru tensed from their seats at the kitchen table. “How does a Yakushima
vacation sound to you?”
“Mr. Chairman,” Mitsuru said. She stood up and tucked her hair behind her ear. “I didn’t
realize you were here.”

Did he hear their conversation two nights before?
“I was in the area, so I thought I’d drop by and tell you my schedule for the week,” Ikutsuki
said, his voice not at all accusatory. That didn’t mean much, but it certainly seemed to
comfort Mitsuru, who sat back down with a relieved expression. “Mitsuru, your father will be
vacationing in Yakushima during the break.”
Mitsuru’s eyes widened. “He will?”
“You’ll all have some time off after exams, won’t you?” Ikutsuki asked, even though he
definitely knew that they did. “Why don’t we go and pay him a surprise visit?”
“Wow, really?!” Iori had never looked more thrilled. “Yes! Babes in bikinis here I come!”
Akechi was going to shoot him.
“Men,” Yukari sighed sadly.
“Men,” Arisato agreed.
“What do you think, Mitsuru?” Ikutsuki asked.
Mitsuru looked at her lap. “My father is a busy man,” she said evasively. “I wouldn’t want to
ruin his vacation.”
Ikutsuki chuckled. “No need to worry about that. No father would be upset that his daughter
came a long way to visit him.” Ikutsuki was so wrong on that point it hurt. No good father
would be upset. Most fathers weren’t good. “You’ve all done a tremendous job recently. You
deserve to relax and have some fun. The next full moon’s a long way off, so it should be
fine.”
Mitsuru’s eyes were still doubtful, but she smiled. “Very well. Everyone needs a break every
now and then. Let’s do it.”
“Yes!” Iori cheered.
“But, Iori, I expect you to put some extra effort in your exams,” Mitsuru said. “If you get ten
more points in each subject than you got last time, I’ll give you a reward.”
“Really?” Iori beamed. “Today is looking up! Meanwhile, our leader here has to be top in his
class to get any prizes.”
“That’s because if he got anything less, it would mean he wasn’t trying at all,” Yukari said.
In other words, Arisato was way smarter than Iori.
“The beach, huh?” Akihiko mused. “I should start up a new training regime.”
“Good point,” Akechi said. “Running in the sand is harder than running on the pavement. It
would be good for our stamina.”

“What if we raced on the beach?” Yukari asked. “Then it would be both training and fun!”
“It’s not that fun when we all know Akihiko’s going to win,” Iori said.
“Then I guess you’ll have to train extra hard to raise the stakes,” Yukari said. “Or, I guess we
could give you a head start.”
“You’re on, Akihiko-senpai!” Iori pointed at Akihiko violently. “Prepare to get your butt
kicked in beach racing!”
Iori then proceeded to run up the stairs with a vengeance. Five minutes later, he ran back
down. And back up. And back down.
“What are you doing?” Arisato asked.
“Training!” Iori howled, looking like he was in a world of misery.
“I do most of my stair drills at Tartarus when I’m waiting by the lobby,” Akihiko said. “But
the dorm stairs would provide a challenge since they curve around.”
“I need to buy a swimsuit,” Yamagishi mused.
“Oh, we can go shopping for them!” Yukari said excitedly. “How about you, Mitsuru… “
Mitsuru had already exited the room.
“Oh,” Yamagishi said. “Guess she decided to get an early start to her studies.”
“Yeah…” Yukari looked unnerved. “I guess.”

Chapter End Notes

not me using the persona wiki and writing this chapter at my workplace bc i had nothing
better to do
anyways i headcanon that mitsuru's grandfather did attempt to do some experimenting
with mitsuru since she has natural potential and not artificial potential (and its obvious
that her grandfather does not really care about childrens), but i am aware i have no
canonical evidence but my own brain :)
next chapter has some very good funnies
BINGE READERS: I once again suggest you take a minute to drink some water, walk
around the room, or breathe. Just a suggestion. But, again, feel free to ignore me.
and some good plot omg how exciting

Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments (feel
free to correct typos). <3

Chapter 16: July 16–20, 2009
Chapter Summary

vacation time
and eyepatch dad

Chapter Notes

tw: ptsd, trust issues, references to death, references to child abuse, references to
unethical experimentation

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“Exams are in full swing for high schoolers, huh?” Amada asked on their way back from
school. They were taking the long route so that they could prolong their time together.
Emiko nodded. “My sister locks herself in her bedroom all day to study. She doesn’t even
come out to eat.”
“That doesn’t sound healthy,” Amada said, frowning. “What do your parents have to say
about that?”
“My dad’s only home in the evenings because of his job,” Emiko explained. “He tries to
convince her to come out, but eventually he gives up and brings food into her bedroom for
her.”
“Wow.” Amada yawned suddenly.
“That was a big one,” Emiko said. “Did you get a lot of sleep last night?”
“Not exactly.” Amada smiled awkwardly. The bags underneath his eyes were certainly more
pronounced than usual. “I’ll try to get more tonight.”
“Well, at least you’re training for our future exams,” Emiko said solemnly. “My sister barely
gets any sleep either.”
“That’s counterproductive,” Akechi said. “You’re less likely to perform well in exams if you
don’t have enough sleep.”
“Really?” Emiko asked. “Even if you’ve been studying all night?”

“Have you ever taken a test when you’ve been really tired?” Akechi fought back a yawn of
his own. Arisato had taken them to Tartarus the night before.
“I have,” Amada said immediately. Emiko looked like she was trying really hard to think of a
time and failing.
“I probably have,” Emiko conceded. “I can’t remember a specific time right now.”
“Well, when you’re really tired, your brain functions less quickly,” Akechi said. “Exhaustion
also impacts your memory, so you likely won’t remember a lot of what you studied. It’s
important to get a full night’s sleep.”
Akechi was beginning to suspect Arisato suffered from insomnia since he took everyone to
Tartarus during exam week. But Akechi knew that almost everyone had been planning on
studying all night anyway. Iori was especially determined to get his exams ten points up.
“Wow, I didn’t know that,” Emiko said. “You’re really smart, Akechi-kun.”
Akechi stopped himself from saying that he had years of experience when it came to exams.
Instead, he satisfied himself with saying, “I’m just a fast learner.”
“I’ll tell my sister what you told me.” Emiko nodded solemnly to herself. “I want her to do
well on her exams.”
“That’s very kind of you,” Akechi said. “I hope she hasn’t been too irritable with you
recently.”
“What does irritable mean?” Emiko asked.
“Agitated, annoyed, rude,” Akechi listed off from the top of his head.
“Irritable,” Amada muttered. “That’s a good word.”
“Oh, she’s been a bit mean, but she’s just really stressed,” Emiko said. “She doesn’t want me
distracting her from her studies. She wants to become a scientist one day, you know. To
invent medicine.”
“An admirable goal.” Akechi frowned. He still hadn’t forgotten the revenge site that had been
open on Emiko’s sister’s computer. “She doesn’t complain about anyone?”
“Nope!” Emiko frowned. “Well, actually come to think of it, there is this one classmate that
she keeps complaining about. Apparently, he makes a lot of noise during test taking.”
“Does he now?” Akechi doubted that sort of offense was worth getting revenge over, but he
supposed he should cover all of his bases.
“Mhm!”
“Do you know his name?”

“Nope. Sorry.”
“That’s alright. Tell me if you find out, though.”
It was a good thing Emiko never thought to question things, because she just nodded brightly.
Or maybe, she just trusted Akechi.
Akechi shoved that thought aside immediately.
“You’ve got it, Akechi-kun!”
Strength Arcana: Rank 4

A few days later, after school, Amada lingered by the school gates. Emiko and Akechi both
looked at him questioningly, and Amada sighed.
“Sorry guys,” he said. “This chairman guy is going to pick me up. Something about moving
dorms.” He didn’t sound all that sorry. He actually sounded pretty excited about it. “I can’t
walk home with you today.”
“Aw, seriously?” Emiko’s face twisted in confusion. “Why are you changing dorms?”
“Who is this chairman?” Akechi asked immediately, a terrible suspicion rising up within him.
“The chairman doesn’t think I should spend summer vacation all alone in the dorms.” Amada
shrugged. “And his name, oh, it was kind of hard to pronounce. Ikitsuki?”
“Ikutsuki,” Akechi corrected.
“You know him too?” Amada asked, his eyes wide.
“I think I might,” Akechi said grimly. “But perhaps there are multiple chairmen in the world
with the name Ikutsuki.”
“That would be a really big coincidence,” Emiko said.
“Emiko-kun, I’m terribly sorry, but I think I should stay behind with Amada-kun,” Akechi
said. “You could stay with us, if you preferred.”
“No, I probably shouldn’t,” Emiko said regretfully. “My dad will want me home in time for
dinner.”
“Oh, then you should get going,” Amada said. “I don’t want to get you in trouble with your
family.”
“Yeah.” Emiko started jogging backwards and waved. “I’ll see you all later! Have a good
summer vacation!”

“You too, Emiko-kun!” Akechi called as she turned around and disappeared among the mass
of students heading home.
“Are you moving to the dorms tonight?” Akechi asked.
“I don’t think so,” Amada said. “I think we’re just going to discuss arrangements and stuff
with the people in charge of the high school.”
If Akechi were anyone else, he would have been very concerned by that statement. As it was,
he only felt extremely pissed.
It didn’t take long for Ikutsuki to approach the two, wearing that same stupid grin he always
wore. Akechi wanted to smack it off of his self-contented face.
“Oh, Akechi-kun, I didn’t expect to see you here,” Ikutsuki said.
“I’m surprised as well, Ikutsuki-san,” Akechi said politely. “Amada-kun happened to tell me
that you were picking him up from school today.”
“I didn’t realize you and Akechi were friends, Ken-kun,” Ikutsuki said, looking thrilled. “You
should have told me sooner.”
“Um, I didn’t realize you knew Akechi,” Amada said. He glanced between Ikutsuki and
Akechi with a look of pure confusion.
“Well, of course.” Ikutsuki chuckled. “He lives in the dorm you’re moving to.”
Amada’s expression was one of pure betrayal. “You never told me you lived in a high school
dorm.”
“Can you blame me?” Akechi asked in exasperation. “Taken out of context, it’s extremely
inappropriate. I’m stunned you’re moving in too.”
“Of course, he is,” Ikutsuki said. “He has the potential.”
That made Akechi feel so much better.
“Well, I guess that’s fair,” Amada conceded. His lack of protesting about the context meant
he knew more about the Dark Hour than he was letting on. “But I wish you hadn’t lied to
me.”
“I’m sorry.” Akechi was sorry he hurt Amada’s feelings. He wasn’t sorry for not causing a
rumor that Akechi was being taken advantage of by a bunch of high schoolers. “But you
should also keep your involvement at the high school dorm quiet.”
“Akechi-kun’s right,” Ikutsuki said. “We wouldn’t want people getting the wrong idea.”
“Um, right.” Amada nodded. “Should we get going?”
“Couldn’t have said it better myself!”

The walk was long and awkward. Akechi didn’t feel comfortable talking with Amada as he
normally did in the presence of Ikutsuki, and Amada clearly felt much the same. Akechi also
still wanted to kill Ikutsuki, which put a damper on things.
They walked past Gekkoukan High, and Akechi spotted Arisato, Yukari, Iori, and Akihiko all
speaking with each other by the gate.
Yukari saw Ikutsuki first. “Mr. Chairman!”
Ikutsuki looked surprised, but there was no way he had been so inattentive of his
surroundings. “Oh, hello. I just came by to pick someone up, but I suppose I should introduce
him to you now.”
Amada took that as his cue, and Akechi followed him as he approached the group.
“Um, hello,” Amada said, suddenly sounding rather shy.
“Oh, hi, Ken-kun,” Yukari said, looking confused. “What’s up?”
Akihiko looked as though he’d seen a ghost. He looked at Yukari in surprise. “You know
him?”
“Due to his… circumstances, he doesn’t leave for the break.” Amada visibly bristled at that
comment. Akechi could understand his frustration.
“Oh, I heard about that,” Yukari said. “Something about his parents…”
“My mom… she died in an accident two years ago,” Amada interrupted loudly, obviously
trying to take control of the situation. “I never knew my dad, so I was on my own after she
was gone.”
It seemed that Akechi had more in common with Amada than he had initially realized.
“At the moment, one of his distant relatives is paying for his school expenses,” Ikutsuki said,
and Akechi tried not to feel jealous. None of his distant relatives even pretended to give a
damn about him. “But it’s not good for an elementary schooler to be in a dorm all on his own,
so I’m having him moved to your dorm.”
“He’s a new candidate?” Akihiko asked, looking like he was being told he was going to a
funeral.
Iori looked equally confused. “Isn’t he a bit young?”
“So you are roommates with Junpei!” Amada exclaimed, giving Akechi a small glare.
“Are you sure it’s the best idea?” Yukari asked.
“He has the potential,” Ikutsuki said simply. “But it’s only a possibility for now.”

Everyone fell silent, but Amada was still looking at Akechi scornfully. “And you’re
roommates with Sanada-senpai?!” He lowered his voice to a whisper. “He is Sanada-senpai,
right?”
Akechi sighed. “Yes.”
Amada turned toward Akihiko with stars in his eyes. “It’s an honor to meet you, Sanadasenpai! I’ve heard you haven’t lost a boxing match yet!”
“Oh, um, it’s nice to meet you too,” Akihiko said, looking lost in thought.
Ikutsuki wasn’t heading directly to the dorms, so Amada and Akechi had to part ways. Before
he left, however, Amada whispered fiercely into Akechi’s ear.
“Tell Sanada a bunch of cool stuff about me, or I’ll never forgive you for lying.”
With that sort of threat hanging over Akechi’s head, how could he say no?

“You’ll like Amada-kun, Akihiko-senpai,” Akechi said that evening. “He’s very…
determined.”
Akihiko nodded. “Yeah. I bet.”

The next day, Akechi tried again. “Amada-kun is also very athletic,” he told Akihiko during
breakfast. “I bet he’ll develop a training regime if he joins SEES.”
Akihiko wore a look of confusion. “That’s… cool?”

As they got ready to depart for Yakushima on a boat, Akechi gave it one last shot. He
approached Akihiko, who was leaning against the railings, looking out at the water.
“Amada-kun is a good friend, as well,” he said. “He’s one of the best friends I’ve ever had.”
Akihiko still looked confused. “Akechi… do you have a crush on Amada?”
“What?” Akechi asked, thoroughly taken aback. “No! Of course not!”
The idea of having a crush on Amada was absolutely absurd. He was still mentally nineteen
years old. Amada was literally eleven.
“Oh, does Akechi-kun have a crush on somebody?” Iori asked, popping out of nowhere and
wearing a sly grin. “Who’s the lucky girl?”
“He’s Amada,” Akihiko said.

Iori’s eyes widened. “Oh. I didn’t realize you liked boys, Akechi-kun.”
“First of all, I am eleven and have no interest in romance at the moment,” Akechi snapped.
“Second of all, even if I were interested in romance, I have no romantic feelings toward
Amada-kun. Third of all, yes, I like boys. Don’t be weird about it, Iori.”
“I didn’t say anything!” Iori protested.
“You were thinking it.”
“Hey, don’t go putting thoughts in my brain,” Iori protested.
“Sorry, Akechi-kun,” Akihiko said. “I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable. You’ve just
been talking about him a lot recently.”
“No, I understand where the confusion came from.” Akechi pinched the bridge of his nose.
“Don’t tell him I told you this, but Amada wanted me to compliment him in front of you so
you’d think he was cool.”
Iori burst out laughing. Akihiko’s expression became grim.
Akechi pulled out his phone and texted Amada.
Akechi Goro: I’m never doing favors for you again.
A few moments later, Amada responded.
Amada Ken: wat happened
Akechi rolled his eyes.
Akechi Goro: Akihiko thought I had a crush on you
“Oh, are you texting him right now?” Iori asked. “Are you confessing your love?”
“Oh, shut up.”
Amada Ken: LOL NO WAY
Amada Ken: Sry but I dont like you that way LOL
“Oh no, he rejected your feelings,” Iori said with mock sadness. “There, there.”
“I’ll kill you,” Akechi snapped.
Akechi Goro: Good bc neither do I
“Oh no, you rejected him!” Iori clearly had no idea how relationships worked. “Now you’ll
both be sad. See, look at his response!”
Amada Ken: Ur cold man

“My life is not a serial drama,” Akechi shut his phone and marched away from Iori. Iori only
laughed.
In fairness, the entire situation was somewhat amusing, if Akechi could look past how
embarrassed he was. If Akechi had to be subjected to jokes about him and Amada for the rest
of his life, he was going to kill both Akihiko and Iori.

Mitsuru’s vacation home was enormous.
Giant marble columns lined the side of the front hall, which was decorated with floral
arrangements and expensive furniture. Iori stepped near an expensive-looking vase, and
Yukari immediately grabbed him by the arm and yanked him back.
It looked like it came straight out of Shido’s palace, conveying power, grandeur, and status
with only one room. It was the sort of power that Shido had only dreamed of having, and here
it was, all at Mitsuru’s fingertips.
“It’s like we’re in an episode of the lifestyles of the rich and fabulous,” Iori muttered, looking
up at the chandelier hanging from the ceiling.
Two maids went up to Mitsuru and bowed. “Welcome home, Milady.”
One maid looked over at the gaggle of shocked children standing behind Mitsuru. “You must
be Mitsuru-san’s schoolmates, correct? Welcome to the Kirijo Family Vacation home. Follow
me, I’ll show you to your rooms.”
“Vacation home?” Yukari whispered under her breath, sounding faint. “Are we at the right
place?”
“Dude, real-life maids,” Iori said.
“I knew Mitsuru’s family was powerful, but this is more than even I was expecting,”
Yamagishi said, looking almost intimidated by the prospect.
Everyone began following the maids. If this was only the front hall, Akechi was intrigued to
see what their rooms would look like.
They didn’t get very far before an older man came walking in his direction. He was wearing a
tailored suit, and he held himself in a way that only a man in great authority could. He
stopped in front of Mitsuru, saying nothing.
Mitsuru nodded unsmilingly. “Father.”
Kirijo Takeharu left without another word. That brief but simultaneously revealing exchange
did nothing to boost Akechi’s confidence in the man.
Yukari and Yamagishi expressed their astonishment at Kirijo being Mitsuru’s father. Iori, in
his typical fashion of stupidity, asked, “He’s not going to make us walk the plank, is he?”

Was that a reference to the eyepatch covering Kirijo’s left eye?
Akechi forced an amused smile off of his face. It was the sort of stupid joke Akira might
make, although he wouldn’t have said it so unironically.
“Don’t be stupid,” Akihiko muttered, looking around as though he might jump out at them at
any minute.
Mitsuru still looked perturbed, looking behind her where her father had disappeared to.
“We’re not going to be here long, but make yourself at home.”
“Sweet!” Iori cheered as they resumed following the maids. “Let’s all hit the beach! It’s right
there; we can rush on down.”
“Give us some time to change first,” Yukari said. “But I wouldn’t mind going out for a swim
myself.”
“Did you see the water?” Yamagishi asked. “I’ve never seen anything so beautiful in my
life.”
“You guys can waste your time to change, but I’m heading straight there!” Iori turned around,
probably ready to run through the house like a buffoon.
“You’re not wearing a bathing suit either!” Yukari exclaimed.
“What do you think my shorts are?” Iori asked.
Without another word, Iori sprinted away, nearly running headfirst into a stone column.
Everybody watched him with dumbfounded expressions.
“If he breaks something, do not give him the funds to pay it back,” Yukari told Arisato. “I
know you could afford it, but don’t.”
“I’d never,” Arisato said.
“Good.”

As Akechi suspected, their bedrooms were at least three times the size of their dorm rooms.
A queen sized bed sat against the back wall, and a fancy sofa and table sat in the middle of
the room. For a moment, Akechi wondered if he had been given the right room, but when he
checked Akihiko’s room, he found that it was an exact replica.
Akechi changed into his bathing suit and joined the others on the beach. The girls hadn’t
arrived quite yet, but Arisato and Akihiko were applying sunscreen to their faces.
Iori was glaring at them with looks of contempt. “Sunscreen is the enemy of all happiness,”
he said. “I refuse to put any on my face.”

“Don’t complain if you get sunburnt, then,” Akechi said, squeezing a large glob onto his own
hand. “Or if you get skin cancer.”
Iori’s eyes widened. “Skin cancer?”
“How do you not know that, man?” Akihiko tossed the container of sunscreen to Iori, who
caught it with both hands. “At least put some on your face.”
“But babes hate it when men sunscreen!” Iori protested.
“Then, they aren’t worth your time.” Akechi rubbed the sunscreen around his nose. “They
clearly don’t care about your health.”
“Ugh, I guess you’re right,” Iori sighed.
“Hey guys!” Yukari called out, jogging to meet them. “Oh, what a relief, you have sunscreen.
I forgot to pack mine.”
Iori grinned, ogling at Yukari’s swimsuit. “And here we have contestant number one–”
Akechi gave Iori his signature death glare.
“Contestant number what?” Yukari asked, glaring at Iori suspiciously.
“For that race we were talking about earlier!” Iori asked, recovering quickly. “The running in
the sand race. You’re participating, right?”
Yukari’s shoulders relaxed, and she grinned. “Oh, sure, if you want. What makes me
contestant number one, though?”
“Oh, I… I just thought of how cool it would be if I were the announcer,” Iori sighed. “But I
did all that training, so I guess it was a stupid thought.”
“I could be the announcer, if you’d like,” Yamagishi said, appearing beside Akechi.
Iori shrieked. “Fuuka! When did you get here?!”
Yamagishi’s face turned red. “Oh, I just got here. You were too busy looking at Yukari to
notice.”
“W-what, I-I have no idea what you’re talking about,” Iori said, looking away from them
both. “I am a gentleman.”
“Sure.” Yukari rolled her eyes. “Anyway, are you sure you want to be the announcer for our
race, Fuuka? Don’t you want to participate?”
Yamagishi shrugged. “Oh, I don’t mind. I’m not particularly athletic anyway, and if it’s
training, then you guys would be better off doing it anyway.”
“Don’t call it training,” Iori groaned. “That takes all the fun away from it.”

“Well, if racing me is too boring for you, I guess I’ll just have to win,” Akihiko said with a
knowing smirk.
“Oh, you’re on now! Just you wait, speedo boy!”
When Mitsuru arrived, Akihiko and Iori were too busy setting up cones for the race to notice.
The girls all complimented Mitsuru’s swimsuit, asking what brand it was. Mitsuru
stutteringly explained that it was tailor-made, and both girls slumped with disappointment.
“You look beautiful, though,” Yukari said.
Mitsuru blushed. “Well, you both look lovely as well.” She looked around. “Where’s Iori?”
“Wondering why he isn’t here making some pervy comment?” Yukari asked with an eyeroll.
“He’s busy setting up the race with Akihiko-senpai.”
In the distance, Akechi could hear Iori arguing with Akihiko over the location of the finish
line.
Arisato meanwhile, was looking over his shoulder, wearing a frown that was more than his
usual bored expression.
“Is something wrong, Minato-kun?” Yamagishi asked.
“I thought I felt someone watching me,” Arisato muttered. He looked over his shoulder for a
few more seconds before turning away and shrugging. “It’s nothing.”
“I’ll keep an eye out for any stalkers,” Mitsuru said. “Don’t be afraid to tell us if the problem
persists.”
“It’s fine.” Arisato shrugged as Iori and Akihiko came running back to them. Iori was already
out of breath from merely setting up the race, which did not bode well for his performance.
“We’re ready!” Iori huffed. “Get ready to be beaten!”
“Pride comes before the fall,” Mitsuru quoted.
Iori frowned. “What the heck is that supposed to mean?”
“It means she’s going to kick your ass,” Akihiko said.
Iori narrowed his eyes. “We’ll see about that.”
Akihiko was right about one thing. Running on the sand was exceedingly difficult. Even as
the six of them lined up on the starting line, Akechi struggled to find a firm foothold in the
sand.
“Ready. Set. Go!” Yamagishi cheered from a few yards ahead of the starting line.

Everybody launched forward, kicking up sand in their wake. Instantly, Iori sprinted ahead of
everyone else. Akihiko was close behind. Mitsuru and Arisato maintained positions in the
middle of the lineup, and Akechi only barely stayed ahead of Yukari. Seeing as he had a
major disadvantage of having the shortest legs, Akechi was satisfied with beating at least one
person.
“How– are you– faster than me,” Yukari gasped.
“Practice,” Akechi grunted.
Akechi began to catch up to Arisato as Iori began to slow down due to exhaustion. Akihiko
began to pull ahead of him, taking the lead. Yamagishi cheered as she raced ahead to get to
the finish line before the others.
In the final stretch of the race, Mitsuru broke into a furious sprint. Akihiko tripped on the
sand as she raced ahead of him, crossing the finish line a few second before he made it. Iori
let out a terrible cry of desperation as Akihiko crossed the finish line after her.
Akechi beat Arisato and Yukari, but he wasn’t sure Arisato was working at his full capacity.
Arisato ran around Tartarus nonstop. He should have more endurance.
“Mitsuru wins!” Yamagishi cheered. “What does she get as a reward?”
Iori collapsed backwards onto the sand, breathing heavily. “How–did both–Mitsuru–and
Akihiko–beat me,” he gasped. “I trained so hard!”
“You wasted too much of your energy at the beginning,” Mitsuru said. “You too, Akihiko.”
Akihiko sighed. “I should’ve known better.”
“Good game guys,” Yukari said, wiping sweat from her forehead. “Wow, I’m exhausted.”
Iori jumped to his feet. “Let’s get in the water already!” He ran into the ocean. “Ow, ow,
cold!”

Mitsuru stood in the front hall, freshly showered from her excursion at the beach. It had truly
been a fun afternoon. She had nearly forgotten the uncomfortable conversation that was sure
to come.
Her stomach twisted with dread as her father entered the house.
“It’s been a while,” she said. “How have you been?”
Her father’s expression didn’t change. “I take it your guests are residents of the dorm?”
“Yes. I’m sorry for bringing in such a big crowd.”

“I heard that they all found out about the incident, but not because you told all of them
personally,” Takeharu said. “Why were you hiding it?”
There was no denying that she had been hiding it.
“I was ashamed,” Mitsuru admitted. “And I was scared.”
Takeharu’s expression shifted into one of concern. “I’ve told you time and time again; none
of the blame is yours.”
“But…”
Takeharu’s expression hardened. “‘Two in harmony surpasses one in perfection.’ That has
been our guiding principle since the Kirijo Family separated from the Nanjo Group. You
must learn to trust in others, Mitsuru. There are things in this world that cannot be
accomplished alone, no matter how many sacrifices you make.”
“How can I trust others when there is so much evil in this world?” Mitsuru protested. “I don’t
even know if I can trust you, much less strangers!”
“You call the people who fight alongside you in battle strangers?”
“I suppose not,” Mitsuru said. She hugged herself.
“And I suppose this lack of trust in me has something to do with you hacking into the Kirijo
Group database. Why didn’t you just ask me directly?”
“I didn’t know if you would tell me the whole truth.”
“And where did you get that notion?”
“When I was younger, you would hide things to protect me,” Mitsuru said. “I understand that
now. But I’m nearly an adult. And there are so many things about grandfather’s research that
I don’t know or understand. How can I trust that you’re not planning something worse, and
I’m just playing directly into your hands?”
“I take it you didn’t come up with this idea on your own, or it would have come up before
now,” Takeharu said. “You must learn to think for yourself, Mitsuru.”
“I am thinking for myself,” Mitsuru said. “And I want to know all of the facts; not just the
things you think I need to know. How could you never tell me about anti-shadow suppression
weapons, or these plumes of dusk?”
“It never came up, and you never asked.” Her father’s voice was stern. “Instead of deciding
to not trust me completely, maybe you should have asked me directly first.”
“And if you lied?”
Takeharu sighed. “I cannot make you trust me, Mitsuru. But trust is built off of many years of
fulfilled promises. Have I ever broken your trust?”

Now that Mitsuru thought about it, no. The only time she could think of is when she begged
her father not to be angry with her grandfather for involving her in the experiments, and her
father had gone on being angry. But that hardly counted. That memory only strengthened her
faith in her father.
“No, I suppose not.” She hesitated. “But is it true that the Kirijo Group experimented on
other children?”
Takeharu’s head jerked back, as though the idea had never even occurred to him before. It
wasn’t easy to catch her father by surprise. “What do you mean?”
Mitsuru shook her head, unsure of what to make of it. “Akechi-kun… he thought he heard a
rumor about it. I don’t know the details, but you wouldn’t hide it, right?”
“I assure you, I know of no such experimenting,” Takeharu said. His expression became
grim. “But that doesn’t mean much. Plenty of data was lost in the explosion ten years ago.
Where did your friend learn this rumor?”
“I don’t know,” Mitsuru admitted. “He’s on the more paranoid side as well.”
“Is he?” Takeharu looked thoughtful. “I’ll look into it. Perhaps there is more painful secrets
that have yet to be unearthed.”
For some reason, those words were enough for Mitsuru. She was right to trust her father.
Even if he made mistakes, he was trying to make things right.
Mitsuru didn’t care if Akechi thought she was being naïve. Her father was good. She knew
that in her core.
Tears of stress and relief burned in her eyes, and she blinked them away furiously. “I’m sorry
for doubting you. I don’t know what I was thinking.”
Takeharu’s expression softened, and he rested a hand on Mitsuru’s shoulder. “These are
troubling times for everyone. And I’m glad you aren’t willing to do what I say without
question. But strong leaders learn to think for themselves while also accepting counsel from
those they trust. It is impossible to lead otherwise.”
Mitsuru’s stomach tightened at the implication of leading the Kirijo Group. She could barely
hold together as is.
“I don’t think I’m ready to lead just yet,” Mitsuru said.
“But when the time comes, you’ll be ready,” her father said, his voice full of conviction. “I’m
proud of the woman you’ve become, Mitsuru.”
Mitsuru looked away, unable to stop a tear from slipping down her cheek. “Thank you.”
“Gather your friends in my office. All of them,” her father said. “I have critical information
to discuss with all of you. I plan on sharing the whole truth with them, although I understand
that they know a great deal already.”

“The truth will be appreciated nonetheless,” Mitsuru said. “I’ll go get them.”

Akechi sat on one of the sofas in Kirijo Takeharu’s office, staring at him with an innocent
demeanor. Mitsuru said her father was about to provide them with the entire story concerning
the Dark Hour. Akechi had his doubts.
“From what I understand, Mitsuru has already told you the short version,” Kirijo said.
Yukari nodded. Everybody watched Kirijo with rapt attention.
“Well, it’s true. We adults are to blame. If I could have atoned for it with my life, I would
have. Now, I have no choice but to rely on you.” Kirijo’s gaze lingered on Akechi and
Mitsuru, who sat beside each other. “My father wanted to create a time manipulation device
with those monsters’ power.”
“That’s what he was trying to do?” Mitsuru asked. Akechi wasn’t sure why she was
surprised. She had alluded to that goal when telling Akechi the history of the Kirijo group.
Kirijo’s expression was especially grim as he continued. “Imagine if you could control the
flow of time. Eliminate unwanted events before they could occur. You could shape the future
to your liking.”
“Damn, that’s insane,” Iori said.
“Did he succeed?” Akechi asked.
Kirijo shook his head. “Over time, his goals shifted. As time went on, my father only seemed
to have nihilism in his heart. Now that I think about it, his actions may have resulted from
him trying to break free from that. It’s only natural that you want to know the truth, and it’s
my duty to tell you.”
Kirijo picked up a remote from the coffee table and turned the television on. A grainy
recording started playing on the screen. It showed the image of a scientist. In the background,
Akechi could hear the sound of screams.
“What is this?” Akihiko asked.
“It’s the only recording we have of the incident, made by a scientist who was there at the
scene,” Kirijo explained.
“I pray that this recording reaches safe hands…”
Yukari sucked in a breath.
“My employer has become obsessed with a loathsome idea. This experiment should have
never even been conceived... I'm afraid what I've done will result in an unprecedented
disaster... But if I hadn't, the entire world may have paid the price…”

The footage was clearly old, and the events of the accident made the scientist’s voice sound
disjointed and incomplete.
“The entire world?” Yamagishi whispered.
Iori shushed her.
“Please, listen carefully... The Shadows that were amassed here have been dispersed as a
result of the explosion. To end this nightmare, you must eliminate all of them! I am to blame
for this. I knew the risks, but I was blinded by the promise of success... And so, I didn't raise
any objections... It is all my fault…”
Akechi supposed that was Ikutsuki’s “good authority” on why it was important to destroy all
of the shadows. Akechi would hardly call a scientist who played a part in the incident good
authority, but it was clear that he thought what he was doing was the right thing. Akechi
could only wonder what horrible experiment was occurring that made the scientist decide that
blowing up a school was the correct decision.
Yukari leapt to her feet. “Dad…” she whispered, looking like she was about to cry.
“You mean… that was…” Yamagishi looked stunned at the thought. Everybody else in the
room wore similar expressions of shock.
Mitsuru wore the mildest expression of surprise, but Akechi supposed that wasn’t surprising.
“His name was Takeba Eiichiro. He was the head researcher at the time, and a very talented
man. But, we are the ones who are responsible. We pushed him to continue doing the
research. His life is on our hands.”
“Father…” Mitsuru began, but it was clear she had no idea how to finish.
Yukari glared at Mitsuru. “You said you didn’t know. Was that all a lie?”
“No, Takeba, I swear. I had no idea.” Mitsuru stood up as she spoke pleadingly. “I promise, I
would have told you.”
Yukari directed her anger in Kirijo’s direction, because clearly she believed Mitsuru was
telling the truth.
“Do you mean to say that my dad started it all? The Dark Hour, Tartarus? Was he the one
who killed all those people who died in the incident?”
“It’s clear your father was trying to protect the world from something, or he wouldn’t have
said the entire world would pay the price,” Akechi snapped. “He thought that what he did
was worth the cost.”
“Oh, and that’s just meant to make me feel better?” Yukari demanded, spinning toward
Akechi. “He killed people, but he was trying to protect the world, so that makes it okay?”

“It makes it less loathsome than if he woke up and decided to kill people for his own benefit,
yes!”
“That’s easy for you to say!” Yukari shouted. “I bet your father was a great man! How can
you be so insensitive?!”
Akechi opened his mouth to give her a piece of how his father really was, but Yukari was
already sprinting out of the room. She slammed the door violently shut behind her, and a
china cup rattled on a nearby shelf.
“Should someone go after her?” Yamagishi asked.
Akechi inhaled deeply and sat back down. He hadn’t even realized he had stood up. “Well,
she clearly isn’t going to listen to me,” he said as evenly as possible.
“I don't think she’ll be particularly receptive to what I have to say either,” Mitsuru said.
“Arisato, maybe you could speak to her.”
Arisato, as well as everyone else in the room, gave Mitsuru an incredulous look.
“Why me?” he asked. It didn’t sound like he was complaining. He sounded genuinely curious
as to why Mitsuru would think to choose him to be tactful.
“You’re a good listener,” Mitsuru said. “I think that’s what she needs.”
Akechi wouldn’t call Arisato a good listener, but Arisato’s headphones hadn’t been in his ears
throughout the entire conversation. Maybe he had been improving with his listening skills.
Arisato stood up and jogged out of the room after Yukari. Everybody else sat in an
uncomfortable silence.
“That went well,” Iori said.
“I guess this confirms our suspicions about the shadows,” Akihiko said.
“Unless the video has been meddled with,” Akechi muttered, still reeling from Yukari’s
comment.
“The shadows are still wreaking havoc. We have to stop them,” Mitsuru said firmly.
“Right!” Yamagishi said.
Akechi just nodded. It wasn’t as though she was wrong.
They continued sitting awkwardly, waiting for Yukari and Arisato to return. Eventually,
Yamagishi stood up.
“We should have a board game night,” she said. “A real one, I mean. It might raise our spirits
a bit.”

“Sure, but what’s taking Minato and Yukari so long?” Iori asked. “Isn’t it going to be Dark
Hour soon?”
“You’re right,” Akihiko said. “You go get them. We’ll go set up for board games.”
“Why me?” Iori asked.
“You brought it up.” Akihiko stood up and bowed in Kirijo’s direction. “Thank you for your
hospitality. We’ll get out of your hair.”
Everybody else stood up and bowed. As they all filtered out of the room, Kirijo spoke in an
even tone that sent Akechi’s guard rocketing up.
“Akechi, was it? Could I speak to you for a moment?”
Mitsuru, who was standing beside Akechi, frowned. “Father?”
“It’s nothing serious,” Kirijo said. “I would like to speak to him for a moment. You can leave
the door wide open, but I’d prefer that you didn’t eavesdrop.”
Akechi bit back a sigh. It didn’t matter if the door was open or not. Kirijo was one of the
most powerful men in Japan, and certainly the most powerful person in this house. If he
wanted to do something to Akechi, he could easily do so without any consequences.
Besides, if this really was just a conversation, Akechi would prefer to avoid any potential
eavesdropping that could result in more tension in the group.
“It’s fine, Mitsuru-senpai,” Akechi said. “I’ll shout if I need you.”
Mitsuru stared at her father for a long moment before nodding. Akechi shut the door behind
her. He could defend himself if an emergency actually did arise, but he doubted Kirijo wanted
to do anything other than talk. It was the contents of the conversation that worried him.
“What is it, Kirijo-san?” Akechi asked, turning his back to the door.
“You don’t have to be so formal. I’m not about to give you a lecture,” Kirijo said. “Sit
down.”
Akechi returned to his original seat and sat down stiffly. “If this isn’t a lecture, what is this
about?”
“You seem like a very experienced young man,” Kirijo said. “A little too experienced, I
might add.”
Akechi hid his anxiety with an expression of confusion. What did Kirijo know? What would
he ask Akechi to do?
“I’m sure I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Akechi said. “Of course, I’ve seen more
tragedy than most my age, but I’d hardly call that very experienced.”

“I’m an old man, Akechi,” Kirijo said. “I know what the eyes of someone who’s given up on
all hope of humanity look like. You don’t trust me in the slightest, do you?”
“Trust has nothing to do with this,” Akechi said. “My situation with SEES is convenient. I
don’t mind risking my life for the sake of the world if it means I get a warm bed and easy
access to food. You don’t seem to mind that I’m risking my life either.”
“If you think I’m happy to rest the problems of adults into the hands of children, you’re quite
mistaken.” Kirijo scowled. “I hate every part of this. If it weren’t pure necessity, I wouldn’t
allow it at all.”
“If that’s what makes you sleep better at night, I won’t argue,” Akechi said. To a certain
extent, he understood Kirijo’s point. If it was a decision between letting the entire world die
or sending children out to protect the world at the risk of their own lives, one is left with quite
the dilemma.
If Akechi were put in that position, he might be tempted to let the world rot.
“I take it that you were the one who influenced my daughter to mistrust me,” Kirijo said.
“That’s actually what I wanted to talk to you about in the first place.”
“I’m sorry that I caused a rift between you and your daughter,” Akechi said. “But I just
wanted Mitsuru-san to think for herself. Many people in your position would find it easy to
take advantage of her.”
“I agree.” Kirijo stood up, and Akechi stood up with him. “I appreciate that you’re looking
out for her wellbeing. But it’s a dangerous thing to have no trust in anyone. That’s in part
what caused my father to go down his foul road to begin with.”
Akechi clenched his jaw. If Kirijo wanted to fool Akechi into trusting him, he had another
thing coming.
“I’ll bear that in mind, Kirijo-san.”

“Thou art I… and I am Thou
Thou hast established a new bond…

One that furthers thy voyage for redemption

Thou shalt be blessed when creating
Personas of the Hanged Man Arcana…”

According to his research, the hanged man arcana represented wisdom, trials, and sacrifice.
In fortune telling, it often meant one was in a situation they did not enjoy.
Akechi supposed that fit the bill for Kirijo Takeharu, if he was telling the truth.
“You can join with the others now,” Kirijo said. “Sorry for intruding upon your time.”

Chapter End Notes

totally forgot to mention this last chapter but catboykamoshida made art!
this chapter makes me happy.
next chapter also makes me happy
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments (feel
free to correct typos). <3

Chapter 17: January 1998–July 22, 2009
Chapter Summary

Aigis enters the chat

Chapter Notes

tw: child abuse, child experimentation, ptsd, panic attacks, drowning, trust issues,
referenced death

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“Are we done yet?” Mitsuru asked, kicking her legs restlessly as she sat on the edge of the
exam table. Her grandfather continued meddling with the vials on a nearby table and wrote
something down on a notebook.
Normally, Mitsuru would have more decorum, as her grandfather always liked to say. Good
girls sat still and did as they were told, of course. But Mitsuru had been given so many shots
her arm really hurt. And she had hoped to finish a detective series she started reading earlier
that week. At the age of six, she really was improving in her reading skills, and her father
was always impressed when she reported she finished a new book.
Grandfather had only been impressed when a shadow reacted strangely to her presence,
whatever that was supposed to mean.
“Soon, Mitsuru-san,” one of her grandfather’s assistants assured her. “Would you like another
lollipop for being so brave?”
Mitsuru twisted the remains of her lollipop stick with her fingers thoughtfully. She began to
open her mouth to say “yes” when her grandfather finally looked up from his notes.
“You’ll rot her teeth if you give her another one of those things,” he said. His voice was
rough, and Mitsuru straightened her back automatically.
“Grandfather,” Mitsuru said slowly, trying to be polite. Good girls didn’t whine either, but a
question had been prodding at her mind for a while now. “What is potential?”
Her grandfather largely ignored her until he pulled out another syringe. His assistant made a
face.
“We don’t have enough as is?”

Her grandfather’s expression twisted as he began to answer, but Mitsuru heard loud voices
come from outside the door. Everyone froze.
“Sir, I really must insist—”
“Out of my way, Ikutsuki.”
“But Kirijo-san forbade entry!”
The door slammed open, and her father stormed in. Mitsuru immediately brightened, but her
joy fell away when she saw the fury in her father’s expression. She wasn’t sure she had ever
seen him that angry before, not even when Mitsuru had snuck away on her own without
permission.
“What the hell is going on here?” he demanded.
Mitsuru automatically tugging on one of her pigtails as she tried to answer, but her father
wasn’t looking at her. He was directing all of his anger at Grandfather.
The other scientist, Ikutsuki, trailed behind her father, looking bewildered. When he saw
Mitsuru sitting on the exam table, his eyes widened in alarm.
“What—”
“I thought you were in a meeting,” her grandfather said.
“That’s when I heard you brought Mitsuru here all of all places.” Her father turned away
from her grandfather only to pick Mitsuru up from the exam table. Mitsuru almost protested
—she was too big to be carried—but her father’s expression was still stormy.
Mitsuru chewed on her lip.
“What have you been doing to her?” her father asked, seeing the bruise and band aid on her
arm.
“Grandfather says I have potential,” Mitsuru said softly. She didn’t like to see anyone in
trouble.
“Potential?” Ikutsuki echoed.
Mitsuru frowned at her father, hoping to finally receive an answer. Good girls didn’t ask
questions, but she couldn’t help herself. “What does potential mean?”
“It means that Mitsuru’s DNA has secrets that need to be unlocked,” her grandfather said, but
he was looking at her father. “We’ve already begun research, and it’s clear that something in
its makeup is unique—”
“You’ve done this multiple times?” Her father spun around toward Ikutsuki. Mitsuru dropped
her lollipop stick in alarm. It silently landed on the ground and rolled over to her father’s
shoe. “Did you know about this?”

Ikutsuki shook his head so quickly his glasses went crooked. Mitsuru could best describe his
expression as flabbergasted, which was a new word she learned just the other day.
“I had no idea, I swear!” he said. “This is the first I’ve heard of it.”
“He’s telling the truth,” her grandfather said. “Do you really think I’d distract him from his
work with Takeba?”
“I can hardly guess what you’d do anymore,” her father said coldly. He put Mitsuru down
and glared at Ikutsuki. “Take Mitsuru to my car and tell the driver to take her home.”
Ikutsuki’s frown mirrored Mitsuru’s. “What about you, sir?”
“I wish to speak to my father,” her father said. “Alone.”
Her grandfather’s assistant left the room very fast. Ikutsuki bowed and lead Mitsuru out of
the room.
As she left, she could hear her grandfather say, “I’m getting quite sick of your meddling,
Takeharu.”
But Ikutsuki closed the door firmly behind her before she could hear more.

Akechi left and found everyone gathered in Yamagishi’s bedroom. Yukari and Arisato were
also there, helping Yamagishi set up some sort of board game she found.
Akechi was still angry with Yukari, and he wasn’t particularly inclined to grin for an entire
evening while in the same room as her. He turned around and left the room. Yukari spotted
him and followed him.
“Akechi-kun, wait!” she called out, jogging to catch up to him. Akechi stopped in his tracks,
staring straight ahead. “I’m sorry for getting so angry. You didn’t deserve that, especially
when you were trying to comfort me.”
Akechi took a deep breath. “I don’t know my father,” he said.
Yukari said nothing, and Akechi took that as an indication to continue.
“I know who he is, but I don’t know him personally at the moment.” Akechi scowled at the
wall. “He saw fit to impregnate my mother before leaving her to rot, so you’ll understand if I
don’t have the best impression of the man.”
Yukari made a small sound of distress. “And I told you… I’m so sorry. I shouldn’t have
assumed.”
Akechi turned toward Yukari. She did look genuinely remorseful.

“I’ll get over it,” Akechi said, trying and failing to smile. “I should have tried to be more
understanding of your situation too.”
“Let’s call it a truce, then,” Yukari said with a small smile. “Come on, the others want you in
on the board game action. The loser has to buy us all Hagakure back home.”
“Very well, I guess I’ll indulge them.” Akechi followed Yukari back into the room. Akechi
sat down next to Mitsuru, who gave him a concerned frown.
“Was everything alright with my father?” she asked.
“It was fine,” Akechi said neutrally. “He warned me against the dangers of not trusting
people.”
Mitsuru smiled. “Oh. He warned me about that too.”
“You’ve decided to trust him, then?”
“He’s my father,” Mitsuru said, as if it were that simple. “He hasn’t betrayed my trust before.
There’s no reason to believe he would do so now.”
“I see.”
“Maybe I’m a fool,” Mitsuru admitted. “But I think I’d rather be a fool and trust someone I
love than to be wise and miserable.”
“Wisdom prevents you from being miserable.”
“If you spend your entire life trying to save yourself from misery, you’ve wasted it.” At that
moment, Iori let out an anguished cry at having rolled a bad die. She smiled. “Life hurts, but
if you don’t open yourself up to the good in it, can you really call it life?”
Akechi hadn’t realized that tonight was going to be the night for moral and philosophical
lectures.
“Akechi, it’s your turn,” Akihiko said, handing Akechi the dice.
Akechi hated games that relied on chance. Without cheating, there was no way of knowing
how the game would turn out. No grand gestures of wit. No meeting of the minds.
Akechi shook the dice in his fist and threw them onto the table. They rolled across the board
before both landing on ones.
“Man, only two spaces,” Iori said. “That was even worse than my roll.”
“If my life is doomed to be as bad as that dice roll just now, I think I’d rather be sad and
alone than to make it worse by trusting those who will only betray me,” Akechi told Mitsuru
as he moved his piece across the board.
Mitsuru took the dice. “But you are having fun, aren’t you?”

Akechi didn’t respond. Mitsuru wore a triumphant smile as she rolled a three and a two.
In his next turn, Akechi rolled a six and a five. That roll allowed him to get second place in
the game overall, with Arisato somehow managing to crush the entire group.
The game was stupid and relied solely on chance, but Akechi found himself enjoying himself
nonetheless as Iori pulled out a poorly made paper crown with the word loser on it.
Yamagishi solemnly placed the crown upon Akihiko’s head, as Akihiko had done the worst in
the game.
In the next game, Mitsuru beat them all, and Iori was crowned. Iori didn’t even complain,
seeing as he was the one who made the crown in the first place. He looked ridiculous.
Everything about the evening was ridiculous.
Empress Arcana: Rank 5

The following morning, at Iori’s insistence, Akechi met with the boys on the beach. When he
arrived, he saw a small note sitting on one of the towels.
“We’ve gone to see the Jyomon-Cedar Tree.” The handwriting was very reminiscent of
Yamagishi’s style of writing, and Akechi glowered.
Why hadn’t the girls invited him along too? A walk through the woods sounded much more
enjoyable than a day in the blistering heat with Iori for company.
“Are you serious?” Iori complained. “It’s a beautiful day, and they’re not going out on the
beach? That’s just a crime.”
“You just want to see them in their bathing suits again,” Akihiko said.
“I do not!” Iori protested, even though they all knew it was true. “I can’t want to spend time
with my friends on the beach?”
“You have us,” Akihiko said.
“You have Akihiko,” Arisato said at the same time.
“You don’t consider me your friend?” Iori asked, looking genuinely hurt.
Arisato looked confused. “You don’t like me,” he said.
“Where’d you get a stupid idea like that?” Iori kicked at the sand. “Man, not only can I not
score babes, I can’t even do friendship right. This stinks.”
“Sorry,” Arisato said.

“No, it’s not your fault.” Iori sighed. “You know what? I’m going to prove to you all how
good a friend I can be!”
“And how’s that?” Akechi asked.
“I call it: Operation Friend Hunt!” A sly smile came over Iori’s face. “And maybe, while
we’re at it, we can talk up some lady friends as well…”
“You mean you want to pick up girls?” Akihiko asked.
“That is not what I said.” Iori continued grinning. “But anything can happen during
Operation Friend Hunt. You never know.”
“I’m not sure that’s very appropriate,” Akihiko said. “We can’t ask Akechi-kun to pick up
girls with us.”
Iori nodded, his eyes wide with understanding. “Oh right, because he doesn’t like girls that
way.”
“No, dumbass, because I’m eleven!” Akechi snapped.
“Oh, that too.” Iori sighed. “What are your thoughts on Operation Friendship Hunt, Minato,
my best friend?”
Arisato shrugged. “I don’t care.”
“Are you serious? I do all of this for you and all you have to say for yourself is ‘I don’t
care?’”
Arisato nodded. Akechi gave him points for honesty, at least.
“You seriously need to work on that caring thing of yours,” Iori said. “Fine, fine. Operation
Babe, I mean, Friendship Hunt is officially called off. What do you want to do then?”
Akihiko looked around. “Maybe some swimming training.”
“No, no, no. We did not go to the beach to train.”
“We could build sand castles,” Arisato offered. “Me and my sister did that once. I think.”
“Oh ho! You have a sister?” Iori asked. “You should introduce me–”
“I had a sister,” Arisato corrected. He didn’t even look angry.
“O-oh. Man, I’m sorry.” Iori looked rottenly at the sand. Everybody stood awkwardly. “I
really brought down the mood, huh?”
“Well, I’m not opposed to training,” Akechi said.
“Sandcastles it is!” Iori proclaimed.

“Seriously?” Akihiko asked. “Sandcastles?”
“Come on, it’ll be fun!” Iori grinned. “Besides, I’m sure I can beat you at sandcastles, even if
you did win that little race from yesterday. Or are you too afraid to challenge me?”
“Fine.” Akihiko said. “But I want Minato on my team.”
“Wait, we’re doing teams?” Iori asked. “F-fine! Then I want Akechi-kun on mine!”
“I mean, he was your only option,” Akihiko said.
“Shut up!” Iori grabbed Akechi by the arm and pulled him aside. Akechi yanked his arm free.
“Listen here, Akechi-kun. We have to build the most amazing sandcastle the world has ever
seen. I cannot let Akihiko-senpai beat me.”
“Didn’t you beat him in that board game last night?” Akechi asked.
“That doesn’t count. Board games are just practice rounds. Sandcastles are for real men.”
Akechi could not believe what he was hearing. He bit back the urge to laugh. “I’m sorry, Iori,
but I’m not sure I’ve ever built a sand castle in my life.”
“Are you kidding me right now?” Iori cast his gaze up to the heavens before looking back
down at Akechi. “Okay, I’m going to be completely honest. I can’t remember the last time
I’ve built a sand castle either. But now’s not the time for pessimism. We have to put our
heads together and think–”
Akechi glanced to the side. Akihiko and Arisato hadn’t wasted any time talking. Arisato was
already forming the first pillar of sand. “They’ve already started.”
“Oh, crap!” Iori got to his knees and started making a sand pile. “Akechi-kun! Get some
water pronto! We can’t let them win!”
“It’s not a race–”
“Go, go, go!”

“Wow, the air is so fresh.” Fuuka inhaled deeply, enjoying the smell of nature surrounding
them. “I never knew a walk in the woods would be so enjoyable.”
“It is pretty nice, huh?” Yukari asked. She was still somewhat subdued from the news she
received the day before, but Fuuka was glad to see that she was trying to enjoy herself in
spite of it.
They continued walking in a comfortable silence. Fuuka still felt a little awkward, though, so
she decided to make another attempt for conversation.

“I hope the boys don’t mind that we left without them.” Fuuka frowned. “Maybe they wanted
to go on a walk too.”
“I’m sure Junpei’s only disappointed that we’re not there to be his eye candy,” Yukari said,
rather uncharitably in Fuuka’s opinion.
“I like the small group,” Mitsuru said. “It’s–”
MItsuru’s phone began ringing, and she frowned as she pulled it from her pocket.
“Mitsuru speaking…” she said, putting her phone on speaker.
The volume on MItsuru’s phone was loud enough for Fuuka to overhear the chairman’s
voice. “Uh, Mitsuru. We have a slight problem.”
Mitsuru’s expression became concerned, and Fuuka felt worry rise up inside her as well.
What had happened so soon after they had left? Was there a shadow outside of the Dark
Hour? But surely she would have sensed it…
“Please continue,” Mitsuru said.
“Well, I’m here at the lab on the island… Apparently a machine that was considered
inoperable left the facility on its own.”
“A machine?” Yukari asked, alarm all over her features.
Fuuka could help with this! “What kind of machine is it? I need detailed info in order to
locate anything other than shadows.”
“It’s a combat vehicle. An anti-shadow weapon, to be precise.”
“An anti-shadow weapon?” Yukari asked. “You mean those robots who can summon
personas?”
“I’d hardly call that a vehicle, Ikutsuki-san,” Mitsuru said, looking slightly irritated. Fuuka
couldn’t blame her. Her first thought would have been a tank if she hadn’t researched anti
shadow weapons already.
“You’re more well informed than I thought,” Ikutsuki said with a chuckle. “But, in fairness, it
is a vehicle to the shadow’s destruction.”
“Could you give us a detailed description of the weapon?” Mitsuru asked. “Perhaps we will
be able to reason with it.”
“I hope so,” Ikutsuki said. “Let’s see… she has a female figure, short blonde hair, and blue
eyes.”
“Well, I suppose that narrows it down a little,” Fuuka said.
“I’ll leave it to you guys,” Ikutsuki said. “Good luck.”

The call ended. Mitsuru put her phone back into her pocket. “Alright, well, let’s go back to
the house and get our equipment, just in case we have to engage the weapon in a fight. Fuuka
can scan the area.”
Yukari attempted calling the boys on her phone, but she got no response. “Ugh, why aren’t
they answering?”
“Hopefully, it won’t come to a fight, and we won’t need them,” Mitsuru said. “Keep trying.”
“I hope that she doesn’t blend in with the rest of the crowds,” Fuuka said. “My research
stated that they can show a very convincing human facade.”
“Oh, come on, how hard can it be to find a robot?” Yukari asked. “Who would think that a
machine is the same as a living breathing human?”

Akechi and Junpei’s sandcastle was an absolute disaster.
Nobody in the group had buckets to pack the sand into, which meant they were left to piling
up the sand and getting some nearby water as a firming agent. Akechi had no experience in
art, much less architecture, and from Iori’s abysmal floor planning, the same was true for him
as well.
So far, their castle was three vaguely tall piles of sand with a few shells on the top.
Fortunately, from the look of Arisato and Akihiko’s faces, their castle wasn’t faring much
better.
“We need more shells,” Iori decided. “Find more shells.”
Akechi rolled his eyes. “We need more structure,” he said. “Our castle looks like it’s about to
fall over.”
“Excuse you me,” Iori said. “I’ll have you know that our castle is eternal. Nothing will get in
its way–”
At that moment, a girl sprinted between them, crushing their castle between her feet. Iori’s
expression contorted with rage as he leapt to his feet and shook his fist at the girl.
“Hey, watch where you’re running! You just destroyed all of our hard work!”
The girl skidded to a halt right on top of Akihiko and Arisato’s sand castle, destroying it in
the process. Arisato and Akihiko looked up at her with expressions of confusion and shock
respectively.
The girl was looking directly at Arisato, her blue eyes wide.
Iori seemed to have noticed that the despite her very covered form –she wore a dress instead
of a bathing suit– the girl was actually quite attractive. His rage faded away as he approached
her.

“Um, hello,” he said. “What are you doing here?”
The girl looked away from Arisato and looked at Iori with a blank expression. “I am looking
for a human.”
Her voice sounded mechanical and rehearsed. Akechi wondered if she wasn’t another Velvet
Room attendant. Her blonde hair fit the bill, but her eyes were blue. Theodore and Elizabeth
both had golden eyes.
“Oh yeah?” Iori asked. “I’m a human.”
“You are not the one,” the girl said simply.
“O-oh.” Iori looked at his feet, downcast.
Both Arisato and Akihiko stood up. “You’re looking for a human?” Akihiko asked. “Who?”
“I do not know his name,” she said. She was still looking at Arisato. “You are…”
Arisato pointed to himself in confusion.
The girl instantly stood ramrod straight. “Initiating evasive maneuver. Confirmation must be
made in a secure location…”
She instantly ran away from them, kicking up the sand of Arisato’s sandcastle in the process.
She sprinted into the woods and disappeared from view.
“Man, what was her deal?” Iori asked.
“I think she recognized you,” Akihiko told Arisato. “Do you know her?”
Arisato frowned and shook his head. “I don’t think so…”
“She’s clearly a robot,” Akechi said. “I wouldn’t be surprised if she was an anti-shadow
weapon.”
“Wow, how do you know?”
“The way she talked, the way she moved, the fact that she said she was initiating evasive
maneuvers,” Akechi said. “She ran at incredible speeds, too.”
“Oh, now that you mention it, it’s kind of obvious,” Akihiko said. “How did I not figure that
out?”
“But I thought they were all deactivated ten years ago,” Arisato said.
Iori picked up his phone from his beach towel, and he frowned. “Oh, I have like five missed
calls from Yuka-tan.” He opened his phone and dialed her number. “Hey, Yukari, what’s up?”
Iori nodded and gave them all a knowing look. “Oh, an anti-shadow weapon escaped? Mhm.
Well, I think we might have seen her? Oh, we should go after her. Um, right!”

Iori shut his phone. “So, Yukari thinks we should go after her.”
“Then what are we waiting for?” Akihiko asked. “She went into the woods, right? Let’s go.”
The four of them sprinted into the woods, following her rather large footprints. Akechi noted
that none of them were shaped like an actual foot. Instead, heavy, circular dents dotted the
sand.
Further down the path, Akechi spotted a large sign underneath which he saw a familiar blue
skirt. He skidded to the stop, and the others stopped with him.
“Is she here?” Iori gasped, leaning over to catch his breath.
Arisato peered at the sign with an uncomfortable expression.
The anti-shadow weapon stuck her head out from behind the sign, staring directly at Arisato.
She stepped around the sign and toward him.
Arisato didn’t move, looking mostly confused at this turn of events. Akechi couldn’t exactly
blame him.
“I was correct,” she said. “I have found you.”
“Found me?” Arisato asked.
She closed the short distance between the two, standing only a few inches in front of Arisato.
She grabbed onto his shoulders.
“I have been searching for you,” she said. “My highest priority is to be with you.”
“What?!” Iori yelped. “He hasn’t even done anything!”
“Might I remind you that she is an artificial intelligence?” Akechi asked.
“I’m confused,” Arisato said.
Yukari, Yamagishi, and Mitsuru all chose that moment to rush onto the scene. Mitsuru held
her rapier, looking ready to stab the robot if she made any false moves.
“There you are,” Mitsuru said. Her eyes widened at the scene in front of her.
“What is going on?” Yukari demanded.
“I must protect you,” the anti-shadow weapon continued.
“She matches Ikutsuki’s description,” Yamagishi said. “She’s not attacking you, is she?”
Arisato shook his head, still looking extremely confused.
“Ah, there you are Aigis.” Ikutsuki approached from the same direction the girls came from,
walking leisurely. “Mitsuru told me the boys found you here.”

“Hello, Ikutsuki-san,” Aigis said. “I have achieved my objective.”
“You know you’re not meant to leave the lab on your own,” Ikutsuki said chidingly. “It’s
dangerous.”
“I can protect myself,” Aigis said with confidence. “Besides, finding him was my utmost
priority.”
“And why’s that?” Yukari asked.
“It is my primary directive.”
“Is it?” Arisato asked.
“Well, it shouldn’t be…” Ikutsuki said. “Well, let’s get back to the lab. Maybe something
went wrong when she woke up. Are you willing to come with us, Aigis?”
Aigis hesitated. “Will he come too?”
“If you let go of my shoulders.”
Aigis immediately let go of Arisato. Arisato took a large step away from her.
“Let us depart, then.”

They returned to Mitsuru’s vacation home, and Ikutsuki took Aigis away from the entire
group, likely to discuss this new development with Kirijo. Akechi was frankly astonished that
Aigis was willing to part from Arisato’s side. It had taken a large amount of convincing on
both Ikutsuki and Arisato’s parts to assure her that he would still be there when she returned.
“Are you sure you don’t know her?” Akihiko asked as they returned to their rooms to get
changed. “Because she really seemed to know you.”
Arisato shrugged. “Maybe we met,” he said. “But I don’t remember it.”
“Weird,” Iori said. “Oh, maybe it’s like this manga I read. The main character doesn’t
remember that he has this unspeakable power, and this girl he hurt comes back to confront
him, but he has no memory of it.”
“You’re saying that Minato hurt Aigis, and now she wants revenge?” Akihiko said
skeptically.
“Well, now that you’re saying it out loud, I guess that doesn’t work,” Iori said. “She wants to
protect Minato. Not get revenge. Oh, oh! Were your parents researchers? Maybe they
designed Aigis to protect you from shadows!”
“My parents were accountants,” Arisato said.

“Oh.” Iori sighed. “Yeah, I’ve got nothing. Talk about strange.”
“It’s possible that you met her during some sort of traumatic event,” Akechi said. “If it
occurred over ten years ago, it’s not a stretch to say that you repressed it.”
Arisato shrugged.
“Well, there’s not much point in theorizing,” Akihiko said. “Maybe she’ll explain more when
she returns from the lab.”
They got changed and returned to the living area where the girls were waiting. After a few
minutes, Ikutsuki returned to the room.
“I apologize for all of the trouble,” he said. “Everything is under control now.”
“What happened to Aigis?” Yamagishi asked.
“Oh, yes. Come here, Aigis.”
Aigis entered the room from the hall, no longer wearing her dress. Without it, she was clearly
a robot. Her arms and legs were held together with mechanical gears and wires, and her entire
body was just a giant white sheet of metal molded into a female form. Her face was the most
human looking part about her.
“This is Aigis,” Ikutsuki introduced, even though it wasn’t necessary. “As you can see, she’s
a ‘mechanical maiden.’”
“Hello, I am Aigis,” Aigis introduced. “It is my mission to destroy shadows. I have been
directed to join SEES, effective immediately.”
“My research didn’t prepare me for this…” Yamagishi said, staring at Aigis in awe. “She
almost looks like she’s alive.”
“She’s cute… but she’s a robot,” Iori said, mulling the idea over in his mind.
“Can you summon a persona, then?” Mitsuru asked.
Aigis nodded. “Yes. I can operate the persona Palladion.”
“Aigis, why were you so intent on protecting Minato earlier?” Akihiko asked, voicing the
question on Akechi’s mind.
“It is very important to me to stay by his side,” Aigis said.
“Yes, but why?”
For a fraction of a second, Aigis’ neutral expression shifted to a small frown. “I cannot
remember,” she said. Her expression returned to normal. “But it is of the utmost importance.”
“How fascinating,” Ikutsuki said.

“Ikutsuki-san, what caused her to be nonfunctional in the first place?” Akechi asked. “You
said she only woke up today, correct?”
“That’s right,” Ikutsuki confirmed. “She suffered some major damage in combat and hasn’t
reactivated since. I’m not sure what caused her to wake up today, but we might as well make
the most of it.”
“Do you want to join SEES, Aigis?” Yukari asked cautiously.
“I do not desire anything,” Aigis said. “I am a robot. However, it is my directive to stay by
Minato’s side. Therefore, I shall join SEES to accomplish this goal.”
“Weird,” Iori whispered.
“Well, I suppose that’s all of the answers we’ll have for now,” Ikutsuki said. “There are a
large number of recreational activities around here. There’s a pool table, a tennis court…
there’s even a karaoke machine. Would anyone care to hear me sing?”
Nobody cared to hear the chairman sing, and they all dispersed. Aigis followed Minato out of
the room. Akechi was the only one who stayed behind, having more questions for the
chairman.
“What exactly happened during Aigis’ most recent battle?” Akechi asked Ikutsuki before he
could leave the room. Ikutsuki paused in front of the door and turned around toward Akechi.
“It’s about ten years ago now.” Akechi was sick of hearing about ten years ago. “If I recall
correctly, Aigis was trying to fight one of the powerful shadows you all have been fighting on
the full moons. She didn’t win, of course.”
“Doesn’t she have footage you can review?” Akechi pressed. “Some sort of clue as to why
she’s so obsessed with Arisato?”
Ikutsuki tilted his head. “Hm. Now there’s an idea. Why didn’t I think of that before?”
Akechi could not believe that hadn’t occurred to Ikutsuki already. What went on in that man’s
mind?
“If you find anything out, you should tell Arisato,” Akechi said. “I believe he’s deeply
perturbed by the situation.”
“What are your thoughts, Akechi-kun?” Ikutsuki asked. “Do you find this strange?”
“Of course, I do,” Akechi said. “Robots don’t typically wake up and decide they’re going to
protect random strangers, even if there’s a glitch in their program. Was Aigis assigned to
protect anyone else a decade ago?”
“Not that I can think of,” Ikutsuki said. “Her sole directive was to fight shadows.”
“Then there must be a reason she thinks Arisato is worth protecting,” Akechi said. “These
things are very rarely coincidence.”

“That’s very astute of you, Akechi,” Ikutsuki said. “I’ll try to find out more, especially if it
can help you all in your mission to end the Dark Hour.”
Ikutsuki began to turn away, but Akechi wasn’t done with him.
“One more thing, if you don’t mind,” he said.
“Yes?”
“Why didn’t you tell Takeba about her father?” Akechi asked. “You knew, correct?”
Ikutsuki sighed. “Yes, I knew Takeba Eiichiro personally, actually. He was truly a smart man.
It’s a shame things turned out the way they did.”
“So why didn’t you tell her?”
“I guess you could say I was too afraid to tell her,” Ikutsuki said.
That wasn’t satisfying at all.
“With all due respect, you owe her an apology,” Akechi said coldly. “She deserved to know
the truth.”
“Yes, I guess she did.”
Devil Arcana: Rank 4

The next morning, everybody once again found themselves out on the beach. Aigis joined
them, wearing her dress so as to avoid panic amongst any strangers also at the beach.
“Do we have any missions for today?” Aigis asked Iori of all people.
Iori shook his head. “Nah. We’re just here to have some fun.”
“Do you know what fun is, Aigis-chan?” Yamagishi asked.
“Of course,” Aigis said with a single nod. “Recreation is the refreshment of one’s body.”
“Wow, that’s exactly right!” Iori looked astonished that an artificial intelligence could have
access to dictionary definitions of words. “Man, Aigis-chan, you know a lot about us humans.
Maybe you can take my exams for me.”
“Don’t be absurd,” Aigis said. “That would be cheating. Additionally, my many programs do
not allow me to disguise myself as you in the classroom.”
“Well, it was worth a shot.” Iori stretched. “Come on, let’s take one last dip before we leave!”
He ran into the water, and Aigis followed him.

“Um, is Aigis waterproof?” Yamagishi asked, watching Aigis nervously.
“Oh, I’m sure she is,” Yukari said unconcernedly.
Aigis came back out of the water and ran back towards them.
“What is it?” Yukari asked.
“It is best that all of us engage in this activity together,” Aigis said. “An activity in which
only one person derives enjoyment is not the optimal method of ‘having fun.’”
“Do we have to?” Yukari asked.
“How come you’re only asking us?” Akechi demanded. He nodded toward Akihiko and
Arisato, who were both resting under the umbrella. “What about them?”
Aigis hesitated. “The water is dangerous,” she decided. “It would be best if Minato-kun
stayed in the shade.”
“But the rest of us can risk our lives to our heart’s content?” Yukari sighed.
“I do not understand.”
Yukari shook her head. “Forget it. Come on guys. We shouldn’t keep Junpei waiting.”
Akechi begrudgingly followed the rest of the girls into the water. Iori was already swimming
deeper in, holding a beach ball he had taken with him.
“What activity are we engaging in?” Aigis asked, somehow managing to swim.
“Uh, volleyball, duh,” Iori said. He tossed the ball into the air and hit it with his palm. It
soared toward Mitsuru, who leapt into the air and hit it with all her might.
The beach ball soared far over Iori’s head and landed in the water a few meters away.
“Oops,” Mitsuru said.
“You are way too powerful, Senpai,” Yukari said, shaking her head.
“I do not understand,” Aigis said. “Is not the purpose of volleyball to make it so that the
opposing side cannot hit the ball?”
“I think this might be an instance of hitting it out of bounds,” Yamagishi said. “Aren’t you
going to get the ball, Junpei?”
“Me? But it’s closer to Akechi-kun!”
The ball had drifted horizontally so that it was marginally closer to Akechi. Akechi rolled his
eyes. He wasn’t totally accustomed to swimming in this smaller body, but he was treading the
water effectively enough at the moment.

“Fine, I’ll get it.”
Akechi swam to the beach ball and grabbed hold of it. It was difficult to keep his head above
water by merely treading with his legs, but Akechi refused to show weakness. He tossed the
ball back in the other’s direction just as a small wave dunked Akechi’s head. In his surprise,
Akechi inhaled some of the water and stopped treading his legs.
And then he was sinking.
The human mind was a strange and dangerous thing. For a moment, surrounded by nothing
but water, Akechi wondered if he was back in that bathtub, about to commit himself to a
watery grave. Panic overwhelmed him, and unthinkingly, Akechi tried to inhale more air.
Water filled his lungs.
Why do you resist? Embrace your desire…
Not again. He didn’t want to be here. He didn’t want to feel this helpless ever again.
Akechi began furiously kicking his legs, trying to find his way back up to the surface of the
water. But for some reason, the surface wasn’t coming. Akechi was beginning to feel dizzy as
his body attempted to cough up the water in his lungs, but more water only continued to flood
in. Was he even swimming in the right direction?
Akechi pulled his head above water just as he saw Iori of all people swim up to him. He
coughed furiously, trying to expel the feeling of death from his lungs.
Akechi didn’t protest as Iori hooked his arms underneath Akechi’s armpits and swam him
back to shore. Akechi got down on his hands and knees as he continued to cough up water.
Akihiko and Arisato ran up to them.
“Are you okay?” Akihiko demanded. “What’s going on?”
Akechi’s entire body was shaking, but he forced himself to sit up. “A wave caught me by
surprise. That’s all.”
“You were under there for like thirty seconds,” Iori said, sounding genuinely shaken. “I
thought you were drowning.”
“I was fine.”
Yamagishi ran up to Akechi with a towel. “Here, wrap yourself with this.”
“I’m not a trauma victim,” Akechi snapped.
“You almost drowned,” Akihiko said.
“I was caught by surprise.”
Yamagishi dropped the towel around Akechi’s shoulders. Akechi was too tired to shrug it off.

“Aigis told us you were having a panic attack in the water,” Yukari said. “Is that true?”
“How does she even know that?” Akechi demanded, glaring at Aigis.
“I monitored your pulse and breathing levels,” Aigis said. “They behaved abnormally as soon
as you fell under the water.”
“Are you okay?” Arisato asked.
“Maybe we should have you checked out by the family doctor,” Mitsuru said.
“I’m fine, alright?!” Akechi shouted. He forced himself to his feet and let the towel around
his shoulders fall to the sand.
“You almost died,” Arisato said quietly.
“I did not almost die.” Akechi balled his hands into fists. “I had a brief moment of panic
underwater. I would’ve brought myself to safety.”
“Akechi-kun–” Yukari began, but Akechi began marching away.
“Just… continue on without me,” Akechi snapped. “I need some space. Don’t follow me.
Please.”
As Akechi got further away from the group, he waited for someone to chase after him, to
continue pestering him about his well-being.
Nobody did.
Good. Akechi didn’t need anybody. He was fine. He would return to his room, take a hot
shower–not a bath–and put on some fresh clothes. Then, he’d occupy his time away from the
water and away from self-righteous people.
After doing all of those things, Akechi entered the rec room and approached the pool table.
He had won a few rounds against Arisato the night before, and the balls were still in their
various pockets. Akechi arranged the balls into their triangle formation before performing the
break.
A striped ball fell into the first pocket, and Akechi began to play against himself, alternating
between aiming for striped and solid balls. It sucked a good amount of the thrill from the
experience; it was far more interesting to see what moves his opponent would take. But it
wasn’t the first time Akechi had played against himself, and he had a feeling it wouldn’t be
the last.
He was about halfway through his game when the doors to the rec room opened and none
other than Kirijo Takeharu appeared.
“Kirijo-san!” Akechi said, his surprise not completely ingenuine. “What are you doing here?”

“My daughter sent me to check on you,” Kirijo said stiffly. “She apologizes for not giving
you the space you require, but she wished to check after your well-being.”
“Oh, well, in that case”--Akechi lined up his shot, hoping to bounce a solid ball off of a
striped ball to get the striped ball into the pocket – “you can tell her that I’m fine.”
“Is that why you are playing a two-player game on your own?” Kirijo asked as Akechi hit the
cue ball. The balls collided as planned, but the striped ball barely missed the pocket. Akechi
bit the inside of his cheek to hide his frustration.
“I understand that Mitsuru-senpai sent you,” Akechi said, looking up from his rapidly
deteriorating game. “But I don’t see why you didn’t send one of your many employees to
look up after me.”
“I didn’t think you’d appreciate that,” Kirijo said. “And, when my daughter asks something
of me, I always see to it personally.”
Akechi walked to the side of the table where the cue ball was nearest. “Well, you can tell
Mitsuru that I’m fine,” he reiterated. “Unless you would like to join me in a game, you don’t
have to waste any more of your time on me, Kirijo-san.”
“One person cannot carry what is heavy for two,” Kirijo said, taking a cue stick from the
wall.
“Is that meant to be a proverb?” Akechi asked.
“You cannot play a two-player game alone,” Kirijo said. “Unless your previous offer was
disingenuous, I would enjoy a game. You have a tactician’s eye.”
Well, Akechi couldn’t lie and say that he didn’t want to play against someone else.
“Very well, Kirijo-san,” Akechi said. “I’ll reset the game.”
Kirijo won their game by a small margin. It was the first time anyone had beaten Akechi in
pool in a very long time. It was honestly a little bit refreshing.
It was also infuriating.
“Good game, Kirijo-san,” Akechi said. “Perhaps I’ll beat you next time.”
“You were a strong opponent,” Kirijo said, putting his cue stick away. Somehow, it didn’t
sound like he was lying or humoring Akechi. “But your strength is your weakness. You were
too confident. You would have won the game if you had been more careful.”
“I’m afraid cautiousness is a weakness of mine,” Akechi said. “But I will bear what you said
in mind.”
Kirijo nodded as he began to depart the room. “Your friends are still worried about you,” he
said. “You should return to them.”

Akechi stopped himself from telling Kirijo that he didn’t have any friends.
Hanged Man Arcana: Rank 2

Chapter End Notes

My computer broke so now I am bringing this chapter to y'all courtesy of the school
library computers
catboykomoshida finished their art if you want to see it fully colored in <3
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments (feel
free to correct typos). <3

Chapter 18: July 23–30, 2009
Chapter Summary

Akechi isn't the best at good decision making
Honestly that should be the fic summary at this point

Chapter Notes

tw: violence, injury, blood, ptsd, panic attacks, poor decision making

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The final morning of the trip, everybody gathered by the dock with their bags. Iori looked
tragically out at the Yakushima horizon.
“Goodbye, sweet Yakushima,” he said. “How I will miss you.”
“You can always come back some other time,” Akihiko said.
“That’s not the point,” Iori said. “I have to go back to school after this. School.”
“Only for a few days, and then it’s summer vacation,” Yukari said. “You’ll survive.”
“Well, I guess that’s true,” Iori said. He brightened. “Man, the movie festival is happening
too. How exciting is that? Maybe I’ll get to take a girl out.”
“Yeah, you keep dreaming,” Yukari sighed.
Mitsuru checked her watch. “The boat should be here shortly,” she said. “Everyone should be
prepared–oh, Father!”
Kirijo walked up to the entire group, still wearing the same fancy suit in the blazing sunlight.
How had he not passed out from the heat?
“I came to bid you all a farewell,” Kirijo said to the entire group. “And to remind you how
important your mission is. I’m truly sorry this burden has been thrust upon you, but it is of
the utmost importance that the Dark Hour is eliminated.”
Yamagishi nodded. “Right!”

“Mitsuru,” Kirijo said, turning to his daughter. “Please, don’t forget to call if you have any
questions. It will save my security team quite a bit of grief.”
Mitsuru smiled and nodded. “Very well.”
“The same goes for the rest of you as well.” Kirijo stared directly at Akechi as he spoke.
“You are all entitled to know what you are risking your lives for. Mitsuru can provide you
with my number if the need arises.”
“I doubt that will be necessary,” Yukari, of all people, said. “You’ve done so much for us
already.”
“And you will do even more for us,” Kirijo said. “I hope you realize how much gratitude the
Kirijo Group as a whole has for you.”
He was still looking at Akechi when he said that. Akechi stared solidly back.
“No pressure,” Iori muttered under his breath.
“I will complete my mission, no matter what,” Aigis said with confidence.
Kirijo nodded in approval as the ship pulled in, and he turned to Ikutsuki. “Take care of them,
Ikutsuki.”
Ikutsuki smiled. “Of course.”
“Remember what I talked to you about, Akechi,” Kirijo said sternly. “Be better than those
who hurt you.”
Akechi blinked, startled to be addressed. He smoothed his expression and bowed. “Of course,
Kirijo-san.”
“And stay safe, Mitsuru,” Kirijo said, his face softening in a brief moment of vulnerability.
Mitsuru’s smile was warmer than Akechi had ever seen it.
“I will.”
As they boarded the ship, Akechi could hear Iori mutter, “For such a scary guy, he seems like
a pretty good dad. I’m kind of jealous.”
Akechi pretended he didn’t feel the exact same way.
Hanged Man Arcana: Rank 3

Shinjiro hated Strega. He hated their holier than thou attitude, their complete disregard for
human life. He particularly hated Takaya’s recent attitude toward Akechi, treating the poor
kid like some sort of science experiment.

Therefore, he made sure to glare the entire time as he begrudgingly snatched the pills from
Jin’s hands when they came with their monthly delivery. He began fishing for money from
his pocket before Takaya raised a hand to stop him.
“This time, information will suffice,” he said. “Your acquaintances' have been quite busy
lately. I’m referring, of course, to their actions on the nights of the full moon. They spend a
great deal of time in the tower as well? Why do they take this burden upon themselves?”
“I take it Akechi wasn’t very forthcoming with answers?” Shinjiro asked.
“Bold of you to assume we bothered to ask that little brat,” Jin said. “Speaking of him, here’s
your phone, by the way.”
Jin threw Shinjiro’s phone at him. Shinjiro caught it and stared at it with a shocked
expression. “You had my phone this whole time?”
“You should keep a closer eye on your pockets.”
Shinjiro pocketed his phone furiously. “What the hell does my phone have to do with
Akechi?”
“Young Akechi has nothing to do with this,” Takaya said, which was a very helpful answer.
“You do know the truth to your acquaintances actions, don’t you? Or do you not wish to say?
Do you seriously consider them your friends?”
“No!” Shinjiro snapped. “I’ve got nothing to do with them.”
“Then, tell us.”
Shinjiro rolled his eyes. Takaya wasn’t going to let go of this easily. Besides, what harm
could there be in telling Strega SEES’ M.O? Strega didn’t usually give a damn about what
other people were doing with their lives. They were probably just curious.
Akihiko had come by on his millionth visit to try to convince Shinjiro to rejoin SEES and
explained the new information they had found out. It had involved a lot of strange crap about
butterfly hearts and persona summoning robots than Shinjiro cared to get into. But, there was
one thing he could easily explain.
“Apparently, they think they can get rid of Tartarus and the Dark Hour by killing all those big
shadows,” Shinjiro said. “But I don’t know all the details, alright?”
“You mean…” Takaya actually looked distressed. It was a good look on him if it weren’t so
concerning. “...they mean to eliminate the Dark Hour?”
Oh shit.
“Yeah?” Shinjiro asked, hoping Takaya was just being dramatic. “Why?”
“Why would he do such a thing?” Takaya asked. “With the power he has? You mean he
intends to destroy the Tower of Demise as well?”

He?
“The Tower of Demise?” Shinjiro asked, glaring at Takaya. “Who wouldn’t want to destroy
that damn tower?”
Takaya looked about ready to shoot him, but Jin held him back. “Easy, Takaya…”
Takaya took a deep breath. “Yes, yes…” They left the alley, leaving Shinjiro to dwell on that
absolute disaster of a conversation.
“Shit,” Shinjiro muttered, massaging his eyes. He had seriously miscalculated. If Strega
decided to start sabotaging SEES’ future operations, Akihiko and the others could actually be
in serious danger.
Maybe Shinjiro should rejoin SEES. If things were getting this serious…
“I can’t go back,” he muttered. “Not after what happened.”
Somehow, that reason was feeling less and less convincing.

The next morning, Akechi was peacefully eating breakfast when Mitsuru came tearing down
the stairs.
“Has anyone seen Aigis?” she asked. “The door to her bedroom was wide open, and I can’t
find her anywhere.”
“What, no, I haven’t seen her down here,” Iori said. “Have any of you?”
Everybody responded with various words of dissent. Akechi had hardly caught a glimpse of
her since they had returned to the dorm the night before.
“Do you think she’s run off on her own again?” Yamagishi asked.
“Her whole shtick is that she wants to stay by Arisato’s side, though,” Akechi said. “You’d
think she wouldn’t leave the building if he were still here. He still hasn’t come downstairs.”
There could always be the possibility of Arisato sneaking out, but this was Arisato they were
talking about. He had a habit of sleeping in until it was absolutely necessary to go to class.
“That’s a good point,” Yukari said, jumping to her feet. “I’ll wake him up.”
Yukari ran up the stairs. About fifteen minutes later, Arisato walked down on his own.
“Did you find Aigis?” Mitsuru asked, looking tense.
Arisato nodded.
“Well?” Iori asked. “Where was she?”

Arisato didn’t respond as he entered the kitchen area. As he put a piece of bread in the
toaster, he said solemnly, “She was watching me sleep.”
“She was what?!” Iori shrieked. “Lucky!”
“L-lucky?” Yamagishi stuttered. “Isn’t that a bit creepy?”
“Oh, you’re right,” Iori said.
“I don’t find it all that surprising,” Akechi said. “If she’s so obsessed with keeping Arisato
safe, it’s only logical that she would want to protect him when he’s at his most vulnerable.”
“Now you’re sounding creepy,” Iori said.
Akechi pinched the bridge of his nose. “I’m only looking at things from her perspective.”
“Yeah, and it’s weird.”
Yukari and Aigis came downstairs. Aigis bowed to them all mechanically. “I apologize for
the trouble I have caused,” she said. “In the future, I will be alert and in the lounge before
anyone else wakes up.”
Akechi wasn’t sure Aigis had learned that she wasn’t meant to be watching Arisato while he
slept. Her phrasing implied she just didn’t intend to get caught next time.

That afternoon, Akechi was completing his daily run when he received yet another text from
a strange number.
Unknown: Meet me in front of your dormitories during Dark Hour. I will be waiting.
Takaya. Typical. Akechi hadn’t even returned from vacation for one day, and Takaya was
roping him into more of his games. Unfortunately, Akechi had a terrible feeling he’d get a
bullet through his window if he didn’t comply.
At least he had given up using Shinjiro’s phone.
He didn’t deign the message with a response, though. It was one small flicker of rebellion, if
nothing else.
Akechi tried to go about the rest of his day normally, even though he really wanted to just kill
Takaya. What was stopping him again? Information? The Kirijos were alarmingly generous
with their information, and Takaya had only given him scraps these past months.
Akechi was tired of Takaya's games. He was going to kill that bastard.
“I was thinking of going to Tartarus tonight,” Arisato told Yamagishi during dinner that night.
“Oh, I’m afraid I can’t go,” Akechi said. “I’m still feeling a bit tired from the trip.”

“Well, I’m down,” Iori said. “Let’s kill some shadows!”
Arisato looked reluctant, but he still arranged to go to Tartarus without Akechi. It wouldn’t be
the first time they left someone behind at the dorms, and it most certainly wouldn’t be their
last.
At least, if Takaya decided to shoot Akechi in their inevitable battle, nobody else would hear
it.
When Dark Hour came, Akechi waited in front of the dorms with his saber at the ready.
Takaya emerged from the murky green fog.
“Is it true?” Takaya asked.
Akechi readjusted his grip on his sword. “Is what true?”
“Are you and your companions trying to erase the Dark Hour?”
“I really don’t see how that’s any of your business.” Akechi tilted his head with a grim smile.
“I’m sorry, but I’m afraid I’ve decided to kill you.”
“A shame.”
Takaya whipped out his gun and shot at Akechi. Akechi rolled out of the way and raised his
sword. Just as he began to bring it down toward Takaya’s chest, Takaya stepped to the side
and fired. A bullet pierced Akechi’s sword hand.
Akechi dropped his sword. He went for his evoker with his other hand, but Takaya shot that
hand as well. A fourth shot rang out like thunder as Akechi successfully dodged another
bullet aimed for his leg.
Well, it wasn’t like Akechi needed his evoker to summon his persona.
“LOKI!”
Takaya barely managed to dodge his megidolaon, and the same exhaustion that came from
summoning a persona without an evoker swept over Akechi. Akechi tried not to throw up as
he grabbed his evoker with his bleeding hand.
Did he have any personas with dia? Why didn’t he have any personas with dia?
Takaya was laughing again. Did he think the parallels were funny? That he and Akechi were
two of the only people who could summon personas without extra help?
Akechi fired his evoker, summoning Loki again. This time, megidolaon hit Takaya with full
force, causing Takaya to stumble back and let out a cry of pain. Akechi’s legs now felt like
lead, but he sprinted toward Takaya anyway, kicking Takaya in the gut. Takaya used to butt
of his revolver to slap Akechi across the face.

Metallic, hot blood burst inside Akechi’s mouth as Akechi tried to reorient himself. His hands
were slick with blood. As Akechi attempted to lift it back to his head, the evoker slipped out
of his shaking hand entirely.
Shit.
“I admire your tenacity, but I’m afraid you have some glaring weaknesses you need to work
out.” Takaya grabbed Akechi by the collar of his shirt and slammed him against the ground.
Light splattered his vision as Akechi tried to pick himself up off of the pavement, ignoring
the agonizing pain in his hands. He was a weapon of destruction. He would not be so easily
defeated like this–
Takaya slammed his foot down on top of Akechi’s hand. A scream tore its way from Akechi’s
lungs.
“You never answered my question,” Takaya said, lessening the pressure on Akechi’s hand.
Akechi gasped for breath. “Do you really mean to destroy the tower of demise?”
The tower of demise? Did he mean Tartarus?
“Go to hell,” Akechi looked up and spat. A wad of blood landed on Takaya’s bare stomach.
“See, this is what I like about you,” Takaya said, getting down on one knee and leaning
forward to be eye level with Akechi. “You don’t care if you die. You don’t care if I destroy
your hand.” For emphasis, Takaya dug the heel of his boot deeper into Akechi’s hand. Akechi
continued to scream mortifyingly as tears started streaming down Akechi’s face.
Why wouldn’t the pain stop? Why wouldn’t it-Takaya lifted his foot, and Akechi reached for his pocket with his other shaking hand. If he
could just grab one of the healing items in his pockets, he could maybe get the upper hand.
“So why?” Takaya continued. “Why do you insist on destroying the very source of your
power?”
“Source?” Akechi’s hand closed around a soma, and he carefully lifted it from his pocket. He
couldn’t let it slip to the ground. “But–”
“The power to see a time others cannot,” Takaya said. “To destroy what pathetic humanity–”
Takaya suddenly jumped backwards. Akechi’s vision blurred as he saw Shinjiro thrust
Akechi’s saber in the space Takaya once had been.
“I warned you,” Shinjiro growled. “Stay the hell away from him.”
“You really think you can stop me?” Takaya asked, raising his gun. The bullet grazed
Shinjiro’s cheek, but Shinjiro sprinted forward. He successfully sliced Takaya’s chest as
Takaya attempted to shoot Shinjiro in the head.
Shinjiro dodged out of the way in the nick of time.

If Akechi didn’t do something, Shinjiro might die.
With a burst of adrenaline, Akechi shoved the soma into his mouth. Instantly, his wounds
closed and vitality rushed back into his body. Oddly enough, the wound on Shinjiro’s cheek
healed as well.
Takaya tsked and pulled the trigger of his revolver again. A dull clicking sound came out.
“Out of bullets?” Shinjiro asked, a taunt in his tone.
Akechi leapt to his feet and picked up his bloodstained evoker. It was still disgustingly
slippery, but he managed to lift it to his head.
“LOKI!” he called out for the second time, ignoring Hereward’s ever insistent presence.
This time, the burst of almighty magic that followed was significant enough to weaken
Takaya. Takaya glared at them both before composing himself.
“I suppose we all must do as we see fit,” Takaya said. “Although you’ve made it abundantly
clear where your loyalties lie, Shinjiro.”
“Do you want to die?” Shinjiro asked.
“I’ll see you again, young Goro.” Takaya said as he turned around and began walking away.
“I’m sure you’ll come around.”
His ears were ringing. Akechi ran forward, ready to kill, but Shinjiro held him back. “Don’t.”
“Don’t tell me what to do!” Akechi clawed at Shinjiro’s arm and scratched uselessly at the
coat sleeve, but the fact remained that Shinjiro was leagues stronger than him. “I’ll rip you to
pieces, Takaya, do you hear me?! You’ll regret being born!”
“You’ll get killed!” Shinjiro snapped. “Now stop acting like a child!”
“I’m the child?” Akechi snarled. “You’re the one who’s letting a murderer walk free because
you’re afraid!”
“Don’t be an idiot.” Shinjiro grabbed hold of Akechi’s shoulders with both hands and spun
Akechi to face him. “Look at your hands and tell me you can beat him.”
Akechi glanced down at his blood-soaked hands and looked back up at Shinjiro. “He doesn’t
have any more bullets,” he said. “This is my only chance–”
“You need to tell the others,” Shinjiro interrupted. “You need to go back into that dorm and
tell the others what happened.”
“I need to kill–”
“You need to tell the others.”

“And should I tell them about your involvement with Strega?!” Akechi shouted, still burning
with adrenaline-filled rage. He punched Shinjiro’s chest, not caring about the blood he was
getting on his coat. “Why the hell do you know Takaya anyway? What have you been
doing?”
Shinjiro’s expression darkened. “Is that what you’ve been thinking this whole time? That I
work with him?”
“What am I meant to think?” Akechi’s voice was cracking on the edges. “He knows your
mannerisms, your name, can steal your phone! He called you his client!”
Shinjiro swore under his breath. “Akechi, listen to me,” he said. “I don’t work with Takaya
and I don’t endorse the shit he gets up to. My relationship with him is… complicated.”
“And that’s meant to make me feel better?”
“Just know that I’m not getting anyone killed,” Shinjiro snapped. “That’s the last thing I
want.”
The words shouldn’t have comforted Akechi.
But they did.
As Akechi caught his breath, Shinjiro gave Akechi a severe look. “Now, back to the subject
at hand. You need to tell the others about this.”
Akechi had no intention of revealing his weakness to the others. He could deal with Takaya
just fine on his own.
“I’m fine,” Akechi said, glaring down at his bloodstained shirt. He’d need to buy a new one.
“Tell the others or I will,” Shinjiro said sharply. “Are you listening?”
“Fine,” Akechi snapped. “I’ll tell them.”
Shinjiro relaxed. “Good.” his expression hardened. “If I let go of you, you’re not going to
start chasing Takaya, are you?”
Akechi rolled his eyes. “He could be anywhere by now, thanks to you.”
Shinjiro let go of him and returned Akechi’s sword to him. Akechi turned around and
marched into the dorms without another word. He had to clean up the blood all over his
things before anyone else noticed.
Hermit Arcana: Rank 5

Akechi somehow managed to successfully cover up his altercation from the others. It rained
the next morning, leaving the bloodstains on the pavement faded. Akechi had cleaned his

evoker and saber to the best of his ability, and he decided he would buy yet another new shirt
when he had time.
Overall, Akechi hoped he could forget that last night ever happened.
On their way back from their last day of school before summer vacation, Amada and Akechi
gave Emiko the gist of their new living situation.
“You’re living in the same place now?” Emiko asked. “Wow, lucky! It’s like having a really
long sleep over.”
“Only sort of,” Amada said.
“You’re moving in tonight, correct?” Akechi asked.
Amada nodded. “Yep. Ikutsuki already helped me move all of my stuff to one of the empty
rooms yesterday, so I’ll just be coming in with no fuss.”
Akechi didn’t remember much fuss the day before either. Amada must not have a great deal
of belongings.
“Also, thanks for trying to make me look good in front of Sanada-Senpai, even if it kind of
backfired,” Amada said.
“You’re welcome,” Akechi sighed.
“Oh, you know Sanada-senpai?” Emiko asked. “My sister’s obsessed with him! She says he’s
the hottest boy in the school.”
“Um… maybe don’t say that so loudly,” Amada said.
“Why?”
“It’s a little… inappropriate,” Akechi said, because he couldn’t think of any other way to say
that one did not simply shout to the heavens who her sister found hot.
“Oh. Got it.”
Akechi and Amada arrived at the dorms together, which was a strange enough experience as
it was. Akechi still had some strong words for Ikutsuki on the matter, but he decided they
could wait until after Ikutsuki decided another elementary school soldier was a good idea.
“Oh, Ken-kun!” said Yukari, who was sitting on the sofa. “Today’s the day?”
Amada nodded. “Yep. I’ll just be staying here for a little while, though.”
“Oh, right.” Yukari gave Amada a warm smile. “Well, I hope you enjoy your stay. We’ll try
not to be too weird.”
“Oh, don’t worry about me,” Amada said. “I’m very mature for my age.”

Akechi would give Amada this: he was more mature than most children his age. That wasn’t
actually saying much.
Akechi’s phone buzzed. He fished it out of his pocket and looked at his new message. It was
from Shinjiro.
Aragaki Shinjiro: Have you told them?
Shinjiro must have repossessed his phone from Strega. Takaya would never recommend
warning SEES about Strega.
Akechi quickly typed in a short message. It was always easier to lie over text.
Akechi Goro: Yes.
He didn’t wait to see how Shinjiro responded. Instead, he shut his phone with a firm click and
shoved it back inside of his pocket.
“Who was that?” Amada asked.
“Nobody of significance,” Akechi said. He was good at lying in person, too. “I’m sorry,
Amada-kun, but I’m afraid I’m going to go on my run.”
“Oh, okay!” Amada said. “I’ll see you later this evening.”
Akechi nodded and went upstairs to get changed. Before he left, he made sure to have some
yen in his pocket. He would have to buy himself a new shirt afterwards.

Barely two days into summer vacation, Arisato left the dorm early in the morning in a bizarre
twist of fate.
“Where are you going?” Amada asked. He had just begun eating his breakfast whereas
Akechi had recently finished.
“Track practice,” Arisato said.
“In the middle of the summer?” Akechi asked.
“There’s a tournament at the beginning of August.”
“Oh wow,” Amada said. “Maybe we should all come and watch.”
Arisato shrugged as he opened the front door. “Do whatever you want.”
The doors loudly shut behind him. Amada gave Akechi an incredulous glance. “He’s a bit
cold, isn’t he?”
“Believe it or not, he’s improved significantly,” Akechi said.

“Wow.”
Iori came stomping down the stairs, looking excited. “Did I hear something about Minatokun participating in a track tournament?”
“Um, yeah,” Amada said.
“Well, have no fear, because your senpai is here!” Iori put his hands on his hips as though he
thought himself some sort of Shonen hero. “We should all go and cheer him on!”
“It’s not until the beginning of August,” Akechi said.
“Then we’ll go cheer him on at the beginning of August,” Iori said. “Come on, Ken-kun,
doesn’t it sound like fun?”
“Well, it does sound like it could be good for morale,” Amada said evasively.
“That’s the spirit!” Iori cheered. “I’ll talk to Mitsuru about it. If I can have it my way,
everyone in this dorm will come to cheer Minato on!”
“You’re feeling very supportive today,” Akechi said suspiciously. “Is something going on?”
“You’re always so suspicious,” Iori said. “Why can’t I want to support a friend?”
“You don’t usually want to support Minato so enthusiastically.”
“Now, that’s just cold.” Iori’s expression became serious. “Come on, sports events are fun. I
seriously only want to support Minato and drink in the environment of sweat and victory!”
“Have it your way,” Akechi said, picking up his empty plate and walking into the kitchen.
“Wow, Junpei-san, you’re really intense,” Amada said.
“Well, of course I am,” Iori said, puffing up his chest. “And please, call me Junpei-senpai.”
“Um… okay.”

Akechi was having an absolutely delightful dream about Takaya torturing the hell out of him
when Yamagishi’s voice suddenly rang in his ears. Akechi fell out of his bed in a spectacular
heap as he tried to parse Yamagishi’s statement.
“I’m sorry to wake you, but I detect a shadow! Please go to the fourth floor!”
Akechi nodded as he picked himself up off of the ground. “Got it,” he said through gritted
teeth.
Green light filtered into Akechi’s bedroom through his window. Akechi peered outside and
looked up at the roof of the building across from him.

There was no silhouette in sight. Just in case Takaya was hiding, though, Akechi gave the
window a death glare.
He met up with everyone on the fourth floor, barring Amada and, strangely enough, Akihiko.
“There’s a shadow in the city,” Mitsuru was explaining to the others. “Yamagishi discovered
it by chance.”
“But… the moon isn’t full yet,” Yukari said, her expression perturbed.
“It’s just a normal shadow,” Yamagishi hastened to assure her. “But it is outside of Tartarus.”
“Where’s Akihiko-san?” Akechi asked.
“He went ahead to deal with it since he was already in the area,” Mitsuru said. “It’s near
Naganaki Shrine. I’m sure Akihiko can handle things on his own, but we should prepare, just
in case.”
If Akihiko couldn’t handle one measly shadow, Akechi was going to rethink being a part of
this group.
“Gotcha!” Iori said.
They gathered their weapons, and Akechi once again inspected the hilt of his saber for
bloodstains. There was mostly no sign of any blood, but Akechi could see some subtle
splotches that were only really noticeable if you knew they were there.
The console beeped, and Yamagishi responded.
“Yes? This is Fuuka.”
“I’m here,” Akihiko’s voice said. “Sorry, but you guys had better come right away.”
“What’s wrong?” Mitsuru asked immediately. “Is it a powerful one?!”
“No, the shadow’s already been defeated,” Akihiko said. “Actually, it was already defeated
before I got there.”
Akechi felt a chill go over his entire body. Had Strega gotten involved? Takaya had been
extremely upset when he had learned of SEES’ plans. Maybe he had finally decided to take
some direct action.
“What happened?” Yukari asked.
“The little fella’s injured,” Akihiko said. “I want to try to save him if we can.”
All of the dread in Akechi’s body rushed out of him in a silent exhale. That in no way
described Strega. He was safe for now.
“Little fella?” Yukari asked. “Who are you talking about?”

“You’ll see,” Akihiko said.
“There’s no time to waste,” Mitsuru said, grabbing her evoker. “Let’s go.”
They all hurried to the shrine, which fortunately wasn’t too far away from the dorms. When
they arrived, they saw Akihiko hunched over a dog that was lying in a puddle of its own
blood. Upon closer inspection, Akechi realized he recognized this dog.
“Koro-chan!” Yamagishi exclaimed, running closer and getting to her knees next to Akihiko.
“What happened, Koro-chan?!”
Arisato joined Yamagishi’s side, putting a hesitant hand on top of Koromaru’s head.
Koromaru whimpered, and Arisato jerked his hand away.
“Do you know this dog?” Mitsuru asked.
“Yeah, we’ve seen him around before,” Yukari said. “We have to help him!”
Yukari pulled out her evoker and summoned her persona, casting a dia spell on Koromaru.
Koromaru barked appreciatively.
“Good thinking,” Mitsuru said.
Yukari nodded. “Um, thanks.”
“Man, he’s one hell of a fighter,” Akihiko said as Koromaru sat up and licked Akihiko’s face.
“He faced that shadow all on his own.”
“You mean that the dog is a persona user?” Iori asked, astonished.
“Can he talk?” Akechi asked, more as a private joke than anything else.
Koromaru barked again, and Aigis spoke up.
“He says that ‘this is a place of peace, so I protected it.’”
Akechi had been joking. Akechi had been joking.
Yamagishi and Arisato turned their head toward flowers that were resting against the gate.
“Oh, I see,” Yamagishi said. “They must be for the priest that died in the accident.”
“I’m sorry, did I just hear Aigis translate for the dog just now?” Iori asked. “The dog can
talk?”
Koromaru barked again, and Akechi strained his ears to hear some sign of a human language.
“Canines do not have their own language,” Aigis explained instantly. “But speech is not the
only means of communication.”

“So the dog can’t actually talk,” Akechi confirmed. “He’s just an ordinary dog that feels what
any dog might feel.”
“That is correct,” Aigis said.
“Wow,” Iori said. “I always wanted to be able to talk to dogs when I was a kid.”
“That is kind of amazing,” Yukari said.
Arisato was busy petting Koromaru’s blood stained fur. “Can we keep him?” he asked softly.
“We’ll see,” Mitsuru said. “As soon as the Dark Hour ends, we should take him to the vet to
make sure there aren’t any issues. Besides, he looks like he could use a good bath.”
Koromaru barked.
“He agrees,” Aigis said.
“You really are a rare breed, huh?” Akihiko asked Koromaru, standing up to his full height.
“Confirmed,” Aigis said.
Iori eyed Aigis strangely. “I mean, he’s not the only one.”
“I am not a breed,” Aigis said. “I am a machine. It would be more accurate to say that I am a
rare model or build.”
“Um, sure,” Iori said.
Yukari joined Arisato in the excessive dog petting. “Aren’t you a good boy?” Yukari asked.
“So brave.”
Koromaru wagged his tail happily and licked both Arisato and Yukari. Neither of them
flinched away.
The bushes behind Akechi rustled slightly, and Akechi jerked his head in that direction.
Nobody was there. It was probably nothing.
Akechi still checked all of the roofs in the surrounding buildings and strained his ears for the
sound of any gunfire. Takaya was almost always out during the Dark Hour, from what
Akechi understood. And his two hobbies seemed to be murder and tormenting Akechi.
“You’ve been kind of quiet, Akechi-kun,” Akihiko said quietly, walking to Akechi’s side. “Is
everything okay?”
“You don’t think we’re being followed, do you?” Akechi asked.
“Followed?” Akihiko’s eyebrows knit together. “Did you see something?”
“No…” Akechi said. It was technically true. “I just have this bad feeling.”

“Well, I’ll keep an eye out, but the Dark Hour is creepy enough as is,” Akihiko said. “It’s
probably nothing.”
Akihiko wouldn’t be saying that if he actually knew about Strega. Maybe Shinjiro was right.
Akechi would be extremely frustrated in himself if they were caught off guard just because
Akechi chose not to share important information.
But then they would want to know why Akechi didn’t tell them sooner, and it would become
an absolute disaster. Unless Takaya decided to attack them, there wasn’t much point in
causing problems where there were none.
“Is that all that’s bothering you?” Akihiko asked.
“Yeah…” Phantom pain pulsed in Akechi’s palms, and he shoved his hands into his pockets.
“I suppose that’s all.”

Chapter End Notes

@agent37 on tumblr made beautiful art of the board game scene in the last chapter!
Please give it the love it deserves!
Happy 100k words!
still posting in the school library. T-T
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments! <3

Chapter 19: August 1–6, 2009
Chapter Summary

Koromaru officially joins the chat
Goro breaks a television

Chapter Notes

tw: ptsd, panic attacks, gun

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Two days later, Koromaru returned to the dorms safely from the vet. Mitsuru provided him
with a collar that served the same purpose as an evoker, and Akechi wondered if the dog
realized what he was getting into.
Arisato missed the entire development, having been at his track practice for the entire day.
Therefore, when he entered the lounge that afternoon, Arisato’s expression became quite
startled when Koromaru trotted up to him and barked in greeting.
“Huh?” he said eloquently.
“Koromaru’s now a part of the team,” Akihiko said. “Don’t question it too much.”
“Okay.” Arisato shrugged as he bent over to give Koromaru a scratch behind the ears.
“Junpei told me about your tournament tomorrow,” Akihiko said, nodding his head toward
Iori, who was sitting next to him on the sofa. “I’ve heard from some classmates that Hayase
is competing.”
“Hayase?” Iori asked, his eyes growing wide. “I’ve heard of him. I think I saw him in a
sports magazine or something. There’s no way you’re going to win. Why are you even
bothering?”
“Thanks for the vote of confidence,” Arisato said dryly, pulling himself away from
Koromaru.
“Wasn’t it your idea to watch him compete?” Akechi asked Iori skeptically.

“Um, that was before I realized Hayase was going to be there,” Iori said. “I support you,
Minato, which is why I don’t want to watch you get your butt kicked.”
“Now, I’m sure it won’t be that bad,” Akihiko said. “Our leader has yet to lose a battle.”
“He was second last during our beach race!” Iori exclaimed.
“He wasn’t trying,” Akechi said instantly. “He didn’t even break a sweat, and the sun was
blistering outside.”
“Oh.” Iori frowned. “Dude, is that true?”
Arisato rolled his eyes, continuing toward the stairs. “I didn’t ask you guys to come.”
“No, we should support you during your tournament,” Akihiko said. “Junpei had the right
idea. You do so well leading us; it’s only fair we do something for you.”
Arisato stopped in his tracks, glancing at the three of them with an unreadable expression. He
then continued walking up the stairs.
“Do whatever you want.”
“What time is it?” Akechi asked.
Arisato gave him a confused look. “Huh?”
Akechi rolled his eyes. Did he have to spell everything out? “What time does your
tournament start?”
“Oh.” Arisato continued up the stairs. “Ten in the morning.”
“Make sure you rest up tonight,” Akihiko said. “And eat a healthy amount of carbs. It’ll be
pretty hot tomorrow, so have plenty of water on you too.”
“Wow, you’re really knowledgeable, Akihiko,” Iori said as Arisato finally disappeared up the
stairs to the second floor.
“I’m an athlete too, you know.”
“Oh. Duh.”

On the day of the tournament, Akechi and the others gathered in the stands at the Gekkoukan
track. Just as Akihiko had predicted, the heat bore down on all of them, and Akechi was very
grateful that Mitsuru had brought enough water bottles for all of them.
It was a while until it would come to be Arisato’s turn, but everybody was content socializing
in the meantime. Akechi wasn’t thrilled to be in such a large crowd, but Amada went as far as
to invite Emiko to the event. She was going to the beach in about a week, and she wanted to

hang out before that time. She sat in between Amada and Akechi and cheered even when the
other team did better than Gekkoukan.
“Do you even know why we’re here?” Akechi asked.
“The other team was working really hard too, you know,” Emiko said. “They deserve some
recognition.”
“They have their whole other school to support them,” Iori protested, having listened in on
their conversation.
Emiko stuck her tongue out at Iori. Akechi knew there was a reason he hung out with her.
Akihiko was happy enough to be in the moment and cheer with everyone else. However, as
soon as it came to Arisato’s turn to compete, Akihiko turned into a completely different beast,
shouting all sorts of instructions that Arisato definitely did not hear over the roar of the
crowd.
“He’s doing quite well,” Yamagishi observed. “Look, he’s way ahead of most of the others.”
“But Hayase is winning again,” Iori said. He leapt to his feet, joining Akihiko in his shouting
frenzy. “KICK HIS ASS, MINATO!”
“I am confused,” Aigis said. She was wearing the same dress she wore on the beach to hide
the fact that she was obviously a robot. “Kicking the opponent’s posterior would cause him to
be disqualified.”
“It-it’s just a figure of speech,” Yukari said. “It just means to win.”
“Oh, in that case…” Aigis stood up and began shouting alongside Junpei. Akechi buried his
face into his hands.
Akechi was ninety-percent sure that Arisato still didn’t hear them, but he picked up speed in
the final stretch.
Arisato did not, in fact, kick Hayase’s ass. He did, however, put in quite a good effort. He
looked like he was about to pass out as he joined his teammates in the stands.
“Wow,” Amada said. “That Hayase guy is insane. I could barely see him; he was so fast.”
“Arisato should be proud of himself,” Mitsuru said, smiling. “He put up quite a fight. It’s
especially impressive that he’s found time to train while also contending with… the rest of
his work.”
Amada nodded in agreement, and Akechi gave Mitsuru a skeptical look. Did she seriously
almost accidentally mention shadows in a crowd of civilians? Sure, nobody but Emiko and
Amada would have heard, but it was the sort of carelessness Akechi hadn’t come to expect
from her.

After the tournament, everybody went to congratulate Arisato outside of the school. His
teammates were already congratulating him, even though Hayase had managed to pull his
team to victory overall.
“Wow, Minato-kun!” Yukari said, running over to Arisato and holding her hand up for a highfive. Arisato stared at it for a fraction of a moment before lifting his hand in turn. Yukari all
but slapped his palm. “You did great!”
Arisato looked past Yukari to see the rest of SEES plus Amada and Emiko jogging after her.
“You all came?” he asked.
“Don’t look so surprised,” Akihiko said. “You seriously didn’t think we were going to miss
your big tournament, did you?”
“Thought you might have been busy.” Arisato shrugged.
“Wow, Minato,” one of his teammates said. Akechi wasn’t sure that he ever saw him
compete. “Are these all your dormmates?”
Arisato nodded.
“What’s with the elementary schoolers?”
“Oh, Minato-kun’s mentioned you from time to time,” the girl who Akechi was pretty sure
was the team manager said to Akechi. “You’re the son of his boss at the coffee shop, right?”
Akechi forced himself to wear a neutral expression. That was seriously the best cover story
Arisato could come up with?
“That’s right,” Akechi said. “These are my friends.”
“Hello!” Emiko said cheerfully. “Your team did really good today!”
“Oh, thank you.” the girl beamed. “We might not have won, but I’m really proud of the effort
everyone put forth today.”
“You were really impressive, Minato-kun,” Yamagishi said. “I wish I could run that fast.”
“It was nothing,” Arisato said, looking away.
“How about this?” Mitsuru asked. “I’ll treat you and the rest of your team to dinner as a
celebration. How does that sound?”
“Oh, um, are you serious, Kirijo-senpai?” Arisato’s teammate asked. “You don’t have to.”
“It’s my treat.”
Arisato’s cheeks had the slightest traces of pink. “Um. Sure. Do what you want.”

The afternoon was actually quite enjoyable, and the dinner was nothing egregiously
expensive. A couple of times during the lively conversation, Akechi thought he might have
actually spotted a smile on Arisato’s expression. But maybe he just imagined it.

The next few days of summer vacation were so monotonous that Akechi felt tired in the
middle of the day. Akechi knew he should be productive and attempt to rank up some of his
social links, but he had been avoiding the Velvet Room for over a month now. There wasn’t
much point in ranking up social links if he was never going to use that power to fuse new
personas.
Besides, people were ridiculous and exhausting. Arisato could spend every day of his
summer vacation hanging out with someone new; Akechi would much rather finish his
summer homework in a timely fashion and watch television in the lounge with Amada.
Of course, during the evening, Akechi was much more undecided on how to spend his time.
He considered multiple times attempting to track down Takaya and actually kill him, but
Akechi’s first attempt went so dismally that he wasn’t sure he wanted to experience that kind
of humiliation again without extra training first.
Arisato had taken them back up to Tartarus on the fourth of August, which was a timely
decision, considering the full moon was in two days. They made it to the top of the block,
and Arisato found yet another old document.
The team leader asked me himself... I was so surprised! It's the same man who once saved my
life.
“Who is this team leader?” Akechi asked Mitsuru. “Your grandfather?”
“You’d think she’d call him by name instead of using such a vague epithet,” Mitsuru said,
frowning.
Yukari was with the group, and she looked equally concerned. “My dad was the head of the
research team, right? Maybe it was him…” She looked like she hated that idea, but it was a
valid theory.
“Well, he saved the writer’s life,” Arisato said in a clear attempt to cheer Yukari up.
“Right…” Yukari said.
There were no additional clues that seemed to connect to the image that Akechi showed
Elizabeth almost a month prior. Arisato raised his eyebrows at Akechi. Akechi just rolled his
eyes and shook his head.
“I asked Elizabeth about that weird picture,” Arisato told Akechi the following afternoon.
Akechi was alone in the lounge, reading a book he borrowed from Mitsuru. Mitsuru had been
surprised Akechi was interested in advanced books about psychology, but Akechi had
admitted that he was just deeply bored.

He had never been so aimless with his time before. In the past, it was all about killing Shido,
all about manipulating the Phantom thieves. Then, Akechi was trying to discover Kirijo’s
secrets, attempting to manipulate Takaya, attempting to find out the truth about Tsuyoshi.
And now there was nothing. He had learned the truth of the Dark Hour. He realized Takaya
was never going to be manipulated. And if Elizabeth wasn’t going to help Akechi discover
Tsuyoshi’s identity, there was no way in hell the other residents of the Velvet Room were
going to comply either.
Why was Akechi even there? Akechi had entertained the thought of discovering how to undo
his time travel when he first joined SEES, but Akechi had found no indication that the Kirijo
Group had even gotten close to developing any time travel technology. After months of
searching, Tartarus held no clues as to how Akechi ended up in this situation.
Akechi was purposeless, and he hated it.
“Did she give you any satisfactory answers?” Akechi asked, not even looking up from his
book.
“No.”
“And there you have it,” Akechi said dryly, turning the page.
“I guess,” Arisato said, sounding disconcerted. He sat down on the sofa next to Akechi and
turned on the television. Koromaru, who had also been in the room the entire time, leapt into
Arisato’s lap.
Some mindless cooking show was on, and Akechi tuned it out. It wasn’t until he heard
Shido’s voice that Akechi instinctively threw his book at the television.
Akechi caught a brief glimpse of Shido’s campaigning face before the heavy book shattered
the screen. Akechi and Arisato both stared blankly at the destroyed television as the book
landed against the floor with a loud thud.
Akechi was going to throw up. Or maybe he’d throw the lamp sitting on the table next to
him.
“That was… a throw,” Arisato said eloquently.
Aigis ran into the room from the second floor at an unprecedented speed. “Are you hurt?” she
asked Arisato. “I heard something crashing.”
“The tv broke,” Arisato said.
Aigis further entered the room and stared at the scene. More specifically, she stared at the
book surrounded by glass shards.
“It would seem that Akechi-kun threw a book at it,” Aigis said.
“Um…” Arisato looked confusedly at Akechi. Akechi was going to kill something.

“Mitsuru and Akechi’s fingerprints are on this book,” Aigis explained. “The book clearly hit
the television, and Akechi is the only one in this room. Therefore, Akechi must have thrown
this book in an act of vandalism. Am I wrong?”
Koromaru barked.
“Oh, I see.” Aigis nodded. “My apologies for being so harsh in my phrasing.”
“What did he say?” Akechi asked.
“Koro-chan explained that you were merely engaging in battle against an enemy,” Aigis said.
“The television must have been a threat.”
“Ah, no, I’m afraid that’s a bit of an exaggeration,” Akechi said. He stood up and bowed,
even though it wasn’t actually Aigis’ television. “I’m very sorry. I’m afraid I wasn’t
thinking.”
“The television didn’t hurt you, did it?” Aigis asked Arisato.
“Didn’t you just hear me?” Akechi asked. “The television didn’t attack anyone.”
“Then, why did you have to engage it in battle?” Aigis asked.
Akihiko and Mitsuru chose that moment to enter the dorms. “Hey guys…” Akihiko began to
say before his eyes were inevitably drawn to the scene.
“What happened?” Mitsuru asked, her eyes scanning the rest of the room. “Was there an
attack?”
“No–” Arisato began to say, but Koromaru barked again.
“Koromaru says Akechi had an altercation with the television,” Aigis said before Arisato
could continue. “It was a fierce battle.”
“There was not a battle,” Akechi snapped. “I lost my temper and threw my book at the
television. I didn’t realize I would break it. I’m sorry.”
“Koromaru says–”
“I don’t give a damn about what Koromaru says!” Akechi shouted.
Koromaru whimpered. Akechi grit his teeth.
“I’m sorry for losing my temper,” he said. “I think I need to be alone. I’ll pay for a new
television.”
The room was silent as Akechi stormed away. As Akechi entered his room, he received a
message on his phone. The ID was surrounded by static, but the phone was old and followed
Goro to battle into the metaverse. It was alarming it hadn't started breaking sooner.

k̶̭̓

Ȗ̸͚ n̷̲͋ k̶̭̓ n̵̟͑ o̸̹̒ w̵̍͜ ń̴͓ : You attack inanimate objects with the same ferocity you attack people.
Akechi’s hands shook as he blocked the number. He looked outside and searched for any sign
of Takaya. He couldn’t see the man’s rather unique form anywhere, and Akechi’s stomach
clenched.
If there was anything worse than feeling powerless, it was not knowing exactly how
powerless you were.
Akechi closed his window blinds and locked his bedroom door.
A new message from a different number.

Ȗ̸͚ n̷̲͋ k̶̭̓ n̵̟͑ o̸̹̒ w̵̍͜ ń̴͓ : A bit paranoid, aren’t we?
Akechi blocked yet another number and stuffed his phone underneath his pillow. He didn’t
receive another message for the rest of the day.
When Mitsuru knocked on his door, asking if they could talk, Akechi said nothing and
pretended to be asleep.

“What actually happened?” Mitsuru asked Minato, struggling to understand what she had just
seen.
“Some politician was on the television and Akechi threw the book,” Minato said simply.
“He eliminated the threat,” Aigis said.
“Yes, I’m sure,” Mitsuru said, frowning. “Was his name Shido Masayoshi, by any chance?”
Minato nodded slowly, looking confused. That’s right. He hadn’t been at the dinner that day.
“Come to think of it, Akechi did act kind of strange for the rest of that day,” Akihiko said. “I
thought it was just because he wanted the truth from you, Mitsuru, but it started before that,
didn’t it?”
“Yes.” Mitsuru nodded reluctantly. “It’s possible that Akechi knows the man.”
“How bad could their relationship be for Akechi to throw a book at him on reflex?” Akihiko
asked, carefully picking up the book on the floor. Glass crunched beneath his shoes. “This
book is heavy, too. He must have thrown it pretty hard for it to get all the way across the
room.”
“I have a few ideas,” Minato muttered.
There were numerous possibilities; some much more horrifying than others. Mitsuru hated
theorizing, though; she’d much rather get the truth from the source.

“Do you think Akechi would answer me honestly if I asked?” Mitsuru asked.
“Probably not,” both Akihiko and Minato said in unison.

“So, um, I notice we don’t have a TV anymore,” Iori said the next morning.
“Yeah, Mitsuru says she’s going to have us outfitted with a newer one,” Yukari said. “So
there’s no harm.”
“Yeah, except that I have to invite other people into my room if I want to watch TV with
them,” Iori said.
“Do you watch TV with many people?” Amada asked, looking confused.
Iori opened his mouth, probably to make up the amount of times he’s watched television with
other members of SEES, but Akechi was sick of it. Iori was right to be annoyed or upset.
There was no need for the others to make a big deal out of it.
“I’m very sorry for the inconvenience I’ve caused,” Akechi said. He stabbed his yogurt with
his spoon extra forcefully. “I have no idea what I was thinking.”
“Oh, you broke the TV?” Iori asked, his annoyed tone of voice shifting to something almost
guilty. “I kind of thought it broke on its own.”
“Well, you would be wrong.”
“It’s alright, Akechi-kun, nobody’s angry,” Yamagishi said. “I’ve always wanted to look
inside a TV to see how it works. I was secretly happy when I realized it was broken.”
“Wow, Fuuka, I didn’t realize you were so into electronics,” Iori said. “Although, I guess that
makes sense, seeing how you hacked into the Kirijo Group’s database and all.”
“Yeah, it’s something I don’t really advertise,” she said shyly. “But I trust you all.”
“Well, I’m glad my mistake made someone happy,” Akechi said, some of the tension in his
body relaxing slightly.
“You didn’t really think we were mad, did you?” Akihiko asked.
“Of course I didn’t,” Akechi snapped, because he had no reason to believe these idiots
wouldn’t forgive anyone who apologized. Except for maybe Yukari, and even now, she
seemed to be on friendly terms with Mitsuru.
“Good,” Akihiko said, nodding. “You won’t need the TV tonight anyway, Junpei. We should
all rest up for today’s operation.”
“Oh crap, that’s today?” Iori asked.

“You should really put the full moons on your calendar,” Yukari sighed.
“Bold of you to assume I look at my calendar.”
“It is imperative that you check your calendar on a regular basis in order to have a productive
lifestyle,” Aigis said from the living area.
“Guys, chill! Sheesh, I’m not the one who broke the TV.”
“This has nothing to do with the TV!” Yukari protested as Akechi tensed again.
“What operation?” Amada asked, his face wearing an innocent expression that Akechi knew
for a fact was fake. There was no way that after living in the dorm for a little over a week,
Amada hadn’t figured out exactly what was going on. The control room on the fourth floor
was a dead giveaway.
“Oh you know,” Akechi said, shrugging, while everyone else grappled for the right words.
“We’re off to fight monsters in the twenty-fifth hour of the day. Nothing major.”
“Is that all?” Amada asked, catching onto the joke. “Here I thought you were going to stage a
coup in the light of the full moon.”
“Maybe next month.”
“Is this a joke?” Iori asked, sounding genuinely confused.
“You should invite me along,” Amada said. “I’ve been feeling kind of left out.”
To be honest, Akechi wasn’t sure how much of this was a joke, and how much of this was a
real conversation. “It’s extremely dangerous,” Akechi said. “You might get hurt.”
“If you can handle it, I can handle it.”
Amada’s voice was becoming snippish, and Akechi realized that this was bordering on a real
argument.
“You can bring it up with Ikutsuki,” Akechi said. “I’m not in charge of new recruits.”
“I think I will.” Amada’s frustrated expression melted into an amused grin. “Why are all of
you making that face?”
Everyone else was staring at Akechi and Amada with various expressions of horror and
confusion.
“We’re not seriously actually getting another ten-year-old on our team, right?” Iori asked.
Yukari nodded. “I mean, Akechi-kun’s bad enough…”
“I am the most powerful person in the entire team,” Akechi snapped. “Also, we’re eleven.”
“Oh, you had a birthday, Akechi-kun?” Yamagishi asked, looking taken aback. “When?”

“It was in early June.”
“But that was two months ago!” Iori exclaimed. “Why didn’t you tell us?”
“I didn’t want to make a big deal out of it,” Akechi said. He stood up. “Amada, would you
like to take Koromaru on an early morning walk with me?”
Amada got to his feet so quickly that the chair underneath him tipped over and clattered to
the floor. “Whoops. Sorry,” he said as he picked it up.
Koromaru waited impatiently by the door as Akechi and Amada led him outside. As soon as
they walked a few yards away from the dormitories, Amada immediately asked, “You guys
don’t actually stage government coups, right?”
“Of course, we don’t,” Akechi said. “The news would take notice, and we’re hundreds of
miles away from Tokyo.”
“I mean, yeah, that makes sense, actually,” Amada said. “I knew something was up, though!
It was pretty obvious.”
“The others are really terrible at hiding it,” Akechi agreed. “But I’ve seen worse.”
“Really?” Amada asked. “They literally mentioned an operation right in front of me. And
what’s this about monsters?”
“Powerful shadows, or monsters that roam the hidden hour of the day, emerge on the full
moon, which happens to also be today,” Akechi said briefly. “And, yes, I’ve seen a member
of a wanted criminal organization shout that he was in that organization in a public space.
The group had secret meetings in public spaces. It was embarrassing.”
“Wow, what group is this?”
Akechi shrugged. “It was a long time ago. You probably don't know it; I can’t even remember
the name.”
“Oh.”
“They did stage a government coup,” Akechi couldn’t stop himself from saying. “Sort of.”
“And you don’t remember their name?!” Amada exclaimed, looking at Akechi as if he’d
never seen him before.
“It was strange. I’ll explain later.”
“You are the strangest person I’ve ever met,” Amada said. “But the looks on everyone’s faces
was pretty priceless.”
Koromaru barked.
“I’ll take that as agreement.”

Amada frowned as they continued walking. “Hey, um, Akechi-kun?” he asked.
“Yes?”
“Why did you break the TV? Was it an accident?”
“A man I despised appeared on the screen, and I threw a book before my mind could catch up
to my actions,” Akechi said. “I’m afraid that’s a part of the less pleasant side of me.”
“I think I get that,” Amada said. “There’s someone I really hate too. I think I’d throw a book
at the tv if I saw him on television.”
Akechi broke into one of his more genuine smiles. “Thank you, Amada-kun.”
Amada smiled. “It’s no problem. Also, um, this is kind of awkward to say, but… you call
Emiko by her first name, so…”
“I’ll call you Ken-kun from now on,” Akechi said.
“Thanks! Can I–” Ken stopped himself, kicking the sidewalk with the side of his shoe.
“Never mind.”
Akechi had a sinking feeling he knew exactly what Ken was about to ask.
Nobody had ever called him Goro since his mother died. But now that Takaya had used the
name without shame, Akechi had a feeling that Takaya would want the “honor” of using his
given name all to himself.
Akechi would give him no such pleasure.
“You can call me by my given name, if you’d like,” Akechi said.
“Seriously?” Ken asked, his eyes widening. “You don’t have to. I know nobody else calls you
that.”
“I’m dead serious,” Akechi said.
“Okay, then, Goro-kun,” Ken said slowly. Akechi’s skin prickled, but it was much more
tolerable coming from Ken than it was from Takaya. “I don’t even know what to say.”
“Neither do I,” Akechi admitted. “And it’s a rare thing for me to be lost for words.”
“Well, thank you,” Ken said. “Seriously.”
“No, thank you,” Akechi said. He could already picture Takaya’s expression of shock mixed
with disappointment and then frustration. It already made him feel infinitely better about his
moment of vulnerability.
Justice Arcana: Rank 4

Later that night, everyone, with the exception of Ken, gathered in the command room.
Ikutsuki deigned to join them as Yamagishi summoned her persona to search for the shadow.
“I’ve located it, but it’s not the same as past shadows,” Yamagishi said after a few moments.
“How so?” Akihiko asked.
“This time, it seems to be underneath the city.” Yamagishi opened her eyes and looked at the
others questioningly. “Almost ten meters underground, in fact, by some deserted houses in
the north part of the city.”
“Sewers?” Akechi asked.
“Oh, I was thinking a basement,” Yukari said.
“According to my records, there are no such structures in that area,” Aigis said. “However, in
the past, there was an underground facility used by the military.”
“Oh, that’s kind of cool,” Iori said.
“The military?” Yukari said skeptically. “Is that true?”
Ikutsuki nodded with that same self-satisfied smile he always had. “Aigis was programmed
with all of the geographical data in the city. Then again, it hasn’t been updated in a decade.”
“Correct,” Aigis said.
They agreed to head to the location before making any definite decisions as to how to divide
the party. Akechi preferred this course of action, seeing as there was no way of knowing who
was best suited for the mission without everyone actually getting a feel for the setting.
Akechi knew he regretted volunteering during the last full moon.
Upon arriving at the underground facility’s entrance, Akechi felt the same uncomfortable
feeling of being watched he always got during the hour. This time, however, it was much
stronger than normal.
“Something doesn’t feel right,” Akechi said vaguely as they started entering the facility with
Yamagishi leading the way.
Arisato nodded, glancing over his shoulder. “Yeah…”
They all entered the facility. Yamagishi looked around. “The shadow should be somewhere
around here,” she said.
“We’re not going to have a repeat of last time, are we?” Yukari asked immediately.
“Well done,” Takaya’s voice said. Without hesitation, Akechi turned around and attempted to
stab Takaya’s chest. Takaya dodged out of the way without blinking. “That was a bit
predictable, Goro.”

“Oh, shut the hell up–”
Akechi froze as Jin pressed a barrel of a gun against his head. Akechi hadn’t even thought to
think about Jin, but when Akechi looked closer at Takaya, he realized Takaya wasn’t even
holding his gun at all.
Everyone exclaimed.
“Goro-kun!” an alarmed voice cried out from outside. Akechi somehow grew even more
tense as Takaya bristled and looked around.
“Who was that?” he asked as Jin grabbed Akechi by the scruff of his shirt and pulled him
backwards.
“Nobody said anything,” Akihiko said stonily. “Give us our friend back.”
“No, a child’s voice definitely called out just now,” Takaya said. “And I’m afraid this
conversation has less to do with young Goro here and more to do with the rest of you.”
“You’d better listen closely, or it’ll do with you too,” Jin hissed in Akechi’s ear. Akechi
stomped on Jin’s foot with as much force as he could muster. Jin made a sharp noise of pain
before pressing the barrel of his gun into Akechi’s skull with increased intensity.
Takaya looked around. “Come out wherever you’re hiding!” he said. He grabbed Goro’s wrist
tightly and twisted it back. Akechi’s fingers released his sword, and Takaya brandished it
dramatically. He must miss his gun. “I’d hate for Jin’s finger to slip.”
Don’t be an idiot, Akechi tried to convey with his face. He wasn’t worth risking one’s life
over. Ken should stay hiding.
“Don’t–”
Jin clicked the safety off of his weapon. Akechi’s heart squeezed as he became all too aware
of the metal walls surrounding them. Engine room? Underground facility? Did it really
matter which? All that mattered was that Akechi was about to die–
“Wait!” Ken cried out. He appeared in the entrance of the facility, raising his hands in
surrender. He was holding one of Arisato’s old swords in his hand, but his grip was awkward.
What had he been thinking, sneaking after them the way he did?
“Ken-kun?” Yamagishi asked. “What are you doing here?”
“I-I wanted to see one of your operations,” Ken said, staring at Takaya with wide eyes. “I
didn’t realize real people were involved too.”
“Neither did we,” Mitsuru said, glaring at Takaya and Jin. “Who are you?”
“My name is Takaya,” Takaya said, clearly enjoying all of the attention. “My friend here is
Jin. You may call us Strega.”

“Strega?” Iori asked. “What the hell is that supposed to mean?”
“It’s the Italian word for witch,” Mitsuru supplied.
How many languages did Mitsuru know?
“Very clever,” Takaya said. “But not clever enough, it seems. Nobody in their right mind
would seek to destroy the Tower of Demise.”
“The Tower of Demise?” Yukari asked. “You don’t mean Tartarus?”
“The very same,” Takaya continued. “You claim to take a ‘righteous’ battle against evil, and
yet after months of effort, the world still crawls with sin. Even with an abundance of new
teammates, your efforts are amounting to nothing.”
“What do you want?” Arisato asked. His voice was louder than it normally was, and it
echoed strangely off of the metal walls.
“That’s simple,” Jin said. “We’re here to stop you.”
“From ending the Dark Hour?” Yukari asked. “Why?”
“If the Dark Hour disappears, we lose our power.” Takaya frowned, pointing Akechi’s saber
at Yukari. “I cannot understand why you would wish for such a thing. Surely you enjoy the
rush of destroying your enemies, of playing the hero. Am I wrong?”
“You’re persona users, then?” Mitsuru asked, ignoring the second part of Takaya’s question.
She hadn’t taken her eyes off of Akechi since Jin had pointed a gun at his skull, but her eyes
widened. “Don’t tell me that’s an evoker!”
“Wait, if it’s an evoker then we can just grab Akechi and run, right?” Iori asked, taking a
hesitant step forward.
“It’s a real gun,” Akechi snapped. “With real bullets, so I’d appreciate it if you didn’t get me
killed right now.”
“How can it be both a gun and an evoker?” Yukari asked. “That doesn’t make any sense.”
“Like Goro-kun here, I don’t need an evoker to summon my persona,” Takaya said.
As Takaya started going on about how disasters would always happen, whether it was caused
by shadows or not, Ken was still awkwardly standing at the entrance of the facility, staring at
Akechi with a frightened expression. They made eye contact.
“But you didn’t answer my question from before,” Takaya said. “Do you really wish to go
back to your pathetic, powerless lives?”
The silence was deafening. Akechi would be lying if he said the thought of no longer having
access to the metaverse didn’t irritate him. He’d had his power for so long. He’d feel empty if
he could no longer summon his personas at will.

But the others had only gotten a taste of that power, and they all were looking at each other
uncomfortably. Even Arisato looked like he wanted to throw up.
“I don’t like this one bit,” Yamagishi said.
“You’ve all got your own reasons for fighting,” Jin said. “Justice is only an excuse to make
yourselves feel better about yourselves–”
“Jin,” Akechi snapped, still staring at Ken. Nobody was paying any attention to Ken now, but
Ken hadn’t moved an inch. “If you don’t shut the hell up, I’ll make you wish you had run the
hell away when you had the chance.”
Ken’s eyes widened. He took a silent step backwards.
“You don’t scare me, right now,” Jin said. “I’m holding your life in my hands.”
“Does that mean I do scare you when you’re not holding a gun to my head?” Akechi asked.
Amada was now a few yards away from the entrance. He was remarkably good at keeping his
footsteps silent.
“Don’t twist my words.”
“Calm yourself, Jin,” Takaya said, his eyes flashing. “Remember what we discussed.”
“I think you’re the one with memory problems.” In spite of Jin’s irritation, Jin pushed Akechi
forward just as Ken broke into a sprint in the opposite direction. Akechi stumbled as he
reached for his evoker, but his hand grasped empty air.
“Missing something?” Jin asked, holding Akechi’s evoker as he joined Takaya outside the
entrance of the facility. “Here, you can have it back.”
Jin threw the evoker way over Akechi’s head, and Iori caught it. Takaya tossed Akechi’s
sword against the ground just as Jin flipped a switch.
The giant doors began closing at an alarming speed. The others all ran up to them just as they
shut with a definitive thud.
Hermit Arcana: Rank 6

Chapter End Notes

I got a new computer! yay!
ghostshadow-k-r made more art! Please give them support <3
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments <3

Chapter 20: August 6–9, 2009
Chapter Summary

TV chronicles part two
oh and also like angst
i gUEss

Chapter Notes

tw: ptsd, panic attacks, violence,

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Akihiko slammed his fist against the metal door. “Damnit!”
“We will be alright,” Aigis said, completely unfazed. “Rather than focus on what just
happened, I suggest we deal with the shadow first.”
Akechi kept his panic at bay by picking up his sword. Iori handed him his evoker, and Akechi
nodded gratefully.
“At least Ken got away,” Yukari said. “Thanks for giving him that nudge, Akechi-kun. I
totally would’ve been panicking in that situation.”
“You noticed?” Akechi asked.
“The emphasis on the words ‘run away’, followed by Amada’s actions are a giveaway,” Aigis
said simply.
“How did you know those guys?” Akihiko asked immediately, turning toward Akechi with a
fierce expression. “That Takaya knew you by your given name.”
“He probably knows all of our names,” Akechi said without missing a beat. “He’s obviously
been spying on us.”
“None of us have been calling you by your given name,” Mitsuru said. “It’s unlikely he’d
pick it up from that alone.”

“You don't seriously think I work with those scum, do you?” Akechi asked. “Jin was
contemplating killing me two minutes ago!”
“Nobody said that,” Yukari said, raising her hands in a peacekeeping way. “We just want to
know if you ran into them, that’s all.”
“I mean, you knew there were bullets in the gun,” Iori said. “Don’t tell me–”
“I was not shot,” Akechi said without thinking.
“That’s… not what I was going to say.” Iori frowned. “I was actually going to ask if you had
stolen his gun or something–Wait a minute, you got SHOT?!”
“Guys,” Yamagishi’s voice went ignored as Akechi rose to his own defense. It was the only
thing stopping himself from comparing the roaring in his ears to the sound of a ship’s
engines.
“I literally just said that I didn’t get shot!” It was getting harder to breathe. Did this room
even have ventilation?
Koromaru barked as Aigis said, “Your heart levels indicate that you are lying.”
“Guys?”
“Look, I’m clearly fine, so just drop it already!”
“Not until I know how you know those guys,” Akihiko said.
“Akechi’s not with them,” Arisato said with an unusual amount of firmness.
Mitsuru’s expression grew more irritated. “Nobody is saying that he is, but if he’s been doing
something reckless without us knowing about it–”
“Guys!”
“I accidentally ran into them once,” Akechi lied. “And Takaya shot at me, but I did not get
injured–”
“Like that’s much better!” Iori exclaimed.
“GUYS!” Yamagishi yelled into their transceivers. Everybody shut up and cringed at the
sharp noise against their eardrums. They all stared at Yamagishi, and her entire face went red.
“Um, sorry, but we shouldn’t waste any more time. The powerful shadow is deeper in. So, we
should do something about it.”
Mitsuru massaged the side of her temple. “You’re right,” she said. “We can table this
discussion for later. Let’s just deal with the shadow for now.”
“Um, how are we going to get out?” Yukari asked.

“I’m sure Ken will get help,” Akihiko said. “Let’s just go already.”
Tension was thick as they marched further into the tunnels together. Akechi itched to kill
something, and if Akihiko stopped him from being on the fighting party, then Akechi was
going to kill him.
“Are you sure you can fight right now?” Iori asked while they debated who should be the
main team. “I mean, after everything–”
“Let me put it this way,” Akechi said. “If I do not get to kill shadows, then you will not like
what happens next.”
Everybody stared at each other quietly as Akechi dug his fingers deeper into his palms.
“Your heart levels are alarming,” Aigis said. “I can guide you through grounding techniques,
if that would help.”
“I am fine, Aigis,” Akechi whispered through gritted teeth. He was on the verge of throwing
something, probably his sword. “Just put me on the A team.”

The shadow was a tank. And then it was the bottom of a tank and some sort of cherubim.
And when they killed the tank, the cherubim had the audacity to revive his counterpart to full
health.
Akechi didn’t particularly care about any of that. Because it turned out that the tank could
cast panic, and Akechi had the misfortune to be hit by it.
Normally, being hit with artificial panic was bad. It felt almost like ants were crawling around
in his brain, telling him to be terrified, even though Akechi could never figure out why.
Being hit with the panic status ailment when already trying to work through an anxiety attack
was hellish.
He was going to die. He was trapped, just like last time. Everyone had watched as someone
raised a gun to his head, just like last time. Everybody hated him, just like last time.
Everything was just like last time, which meant Akechi was going to die just like last time,
and then he’d be put back even further, maybe he’d even go all the way back to seeing his
mother’s corpse in the bathtub, and then Akechi really didn’t know what he would do, and
then the shadow was aiming its gun toward him, and he was GOING TO DIE–
Akechi blinked, and he realized Yukari had cast patra on him. Great. Fantastic. Now, he was
just going to die fighting, instead of sitting like a coward. Akechi brought his evoker to his
head, ready to put an end to the battle, but he somehow missed his physical attack.
“Someone trade with Akechi!” Minato barked.
“I’m fine!” Akechi snarled, even though it took everything he had to even bark out those two
words.

Mitsuru filled in Akechi’s place as Akihiko dragged him away. Akechi punched Akihiko
square in the nose and charged at the currently united shadow.
“Heat wave!” Arisato shouted.
Arisato’s persona wrecked the tank-cherubim hybrid with a series of incredibly powerful
physical attacks, and it disappeared into a shadowy liquid. Akechi skidded to a halt and
breathed heavily, trying not to pass out entirely.
While Mitsuru told the chairman everything that happened through the transceiver, Akechi
paced the room, trying to keep his breathing in check. Apart from Yukari’s half-hearted
attempt to ask if he was okay, nobody else spoke to him. They all probably thought he was
the enemy now, since Takaya knew him.
If that was what they wanted to think, that was fine. Akechi would just go on his own. He’d
always been fine on his own; he would be fine now.
From what Akechi could tell from Mitsuru’s conversation with the chairman, Ken had arrived
back at the dorms and told the chairman what had happened. Apparently, someone was
already on their way to extract them, although “it might take a while”.
Akechi was going to scream.

When they finally made it back to the dorms, Akechi collected himself enough to allow the
others to drag him to the command room. Yukari offered him a glass of water, and Ken
mostly looked hopelessly confused as Akihiko ordered Akechi to sit.
“I didn’t realize you were the leader of this group,” Akechi said coldly, holding the glass of
water Yukari had handed home with both hands. “You should’ve told me.”
“Fine,” Akihiko snapped. “Stand for all I care.”
Akihiko clearly hadn’t forgiven him for the punch to the face. Akechi didn’t expect him to.
“Maybe this should wait…” Arisato said.
“No, this is important,” Mitsuru said. “Akechi, nobody believes you’re with Strega. But
they’ve all but declared war on us tonight. If you’re withholding information, you’re risking
all of our lives.”
“I don’t know their weaknesses,” Akechi said. “Except that Takaya only has six bullets in his
revolver at a given moment, so if you dodge enough, he’s down a weapon.”
“Have you fought that Takaya guy before?” Iori asked. “When?”
Mitsuru’s eyes widened. “It’s during your nightly excursions alone in the Dark Hour, isn’t
it?” she said. She put her head in her hands. “I knew that was a bad idea. What was I
thinking?”

“You make it sound like I fought him on a daily basis,” Akechi said, crossing his arms. “It
was only twice.”
“Only,” Yukari muttered under her breath.
“And I made it out alive both times, so it doesn’t particularly matter,” Akechi said. “What do
you want me to tell you? Strega’s a group of mercenaries that kills people for the fun of it.
There are three members–”
“Three?” Ikutsuki asked. “I’ve only heard of two so far.”
“Yes, well, Chidori has a support role, so she clearly chose not to come to the trap Strega laid
out for us,” Akechi said. “That’s probably how they knew where the powerful shadow would
be.”
“For someone who claimed to not have much information to give, you sure are giving us a lot
of information,” Akihiko said. “When did you first meet them?”
“Why does that matter?”
“Because I want to know how little you trust us,” Akihiko said.
“Oh, that’s rich.” Akechi considered punching him again. “Are you going to look me in the
eyes and tell me that you’ve told me all of your secrets?”
“My secrets don’t endanger my entire team!”
“I didn’t realize that Takaya would target SEES!”
“You didn’t think we might need to know about a group of mercenaries?” Akihiko demanded.
“People are dying, and we could have done something to prevent it!”
“And what would you have done, exactly?” Akechi asked, slamming his glass of water on the
coffee table. “Confronted them? Fought them? Do you seriously think you can win?”
“Maybe we should calm down,” Yamagishi said nervously.
“When did you meet them?” Akihiko asked, his voice level but not happy.
Akechi took a deep breath. “Sometime in May.”
“Dude,” Iori said. “That was like… three months ago.”
“Were you going to tell us?” Akihiko asked.
“I was handling the situation on my own,” Akechi said.
“What’s done is done,” Ikutsuki said, even though Akihiko looked like he wanted to launch
into a host of questions. “Akechi-kun, is there anything else you could tell us about Strega?
Their goals?”

Akechi massaged his eyes, feeling inexplicable exhaustion fall over him. “They’re obsessed
with not being attached to anything,” Akechi said. “They’re not afraid of death. Takaya says
he got his persona from being experimented on by the Kirijo group, but that could easily be a
lie, for all I know.”
“How often did you meet with Takaya?” Mitsuru asked.
“Often enough,” Akechi said. “I was trying to get information out of him, which is why I
wasn't trying to kill him. I’m sorry that I’ve betrayed your trust, Sanada-senpai, but I’ve
failed in my attempts to end his existence three times now. And time he spends tormenting
me is time that he’s not killing people. I hope that makes you feel better.”
Akihiko slumped. “You only ever mention Takaya,” he said. “What about the others?”
“Jin hates me,” Akechi said. “Takaya’s the only one who shows an interest in me. I’ve only
met the others two times before today.”
“I found traces of blood outside of the dorms last week,” Aigis said.
“Don’t tell me…” Iori said.
“I won’t, then.” Akechi bowed to all of them. “Once again, I’m sorry for betraying all of your
trust. Are you done interrogating me now?”
“One more thing,” Mitsuru said. “Can you please describe Chidori for us?”
“Red hair, light skin, frilly white dress, is about your age,” Akechi surmised. “She’s slightly
shorter than Junpei and wears a bored expression.”
“Thank you. You can go.”

“That was… something,” Yukari said, unsure of how to handle this news. Akechi lied to
them, and she hated being lied to. But it was also hard to be mad at an eleven-year-old who
had a gun held to his head only an hour before. Yukari was mostly relieved he was still alive.
“Do you guys normally fight like this?” Ken asked, staring at the doors Akechi had left
through with a distressed face. Yukari couldn’t really blame him.
“No.” Akihiko ran his hand down his face as Koromaru whimpered sadly. Ken sat down on
the sofa, and Koromaru crawled into his lap.
“You were too angry,” Minato said, staring at Akihiko with an unimpressed expression. “He
never responds well to that.”
“I know,” Akihiko said. “Damnit. But he’s so damn elusive when you try to ask him things
straight.”

“I understand how you feel, Akihiko,” Ikutsuki said. “Akechi-kun put us all at risk by
keeping the truth from us. But, we have to focus on the positives. You all made it out alive,
and now we know more than Strega would like us to thanks to Akechi’s information.”
“Akechi-kun is really powerful,” Fuuka said slowly. She had retreated into herself during the
argument, but some confidence was returning to her face. “I mean, maybe we don’t stand a
chance against them if Akechi couldn’t win.”
“Akechi’s one person,” Akihiko said. “Together, we might’ve stood a chance.”
“Or we might have all been killed,” Minato said.
An unsettled silence fell in the room. Ken was aggressively petting Koromaru.
“I mean, maybe Strega doesn’t kill a lot of people,” Yukari said, bravely cutting into the
tension. “We’re getting rid of the Dark Hour anyway. Then, Strega can’t hurt anyone
anymore, and we don't have to fight them directly.”
Everybody stared at her for a moment before Mitsuru finally smiled. “You make a fine point.
Although–” her smile faded “--I have a feeling a conflict with them is inevitable.”
“We’ll be ready for them,” Junpei said, jumping to his feet. “I’m ready to kick some Strega
ass.”
“Literally,” Aigis said helpfully.

The next day, Akechi could tell that nobody had forgiven him. Even Ken acted
uncomfortably around him, like he wasn’t sure what to do. Akechi saw the empty space
where the television used to be in the lounge, and he decided enough was enough. He was
clearly doing more harm than good in this group.
“Where are you going?” Amada asked as Akechi marched toward the doors with vengeance.
“Out, if you all trust me enough to do even that,” Akechi said shortly.
Nobody contested him, and Akechi slammed the doors shut behind him.
Akechi wasn’t a good person. He knew this. So why was he so upset that everyone else was
figuring that out as well?
Somehow, Akechi’s furious wandering led him to the alley behind Port Island Station.
Shinjiro was leaning against the wall, surrounded by other criminals minding their own
business. Akechi began to turn around. What was he even doing here? But Shinjiro caught
his eye and followed him out of the alley.
“What the hell are you doing here?” he asked. “Don’t you know it isn’t safe?”

“That’s why I was about to leave,” Akechi snapped. He continued to march away, but
Shinjiro grabbed him by the shoulder. Akechi shrugged his hand off violently.
“Seriously,” Shinjiro said. “Why are you here? Did something happen with Takaya?”
“Nothing–” Akechi stopped himself. “You’re close with Akihiko, right?”
“You could say that.”
There was no point in trying to hide the truth, then. Shinjiro would just get angry that Akechi
continued to lie. He might as well come clean now and have everyone hate him.
“I’m afraid I lied to you the other day,” Akechi said. “I told you that I told the others about
Strega, but I didn’t. I thought I could handle the situation myself.”
Shinjiro wore a neutral expression. “You told them, then?”
“They hijacked our recent full moon operation,” Akechi said. “In hindsight, it should have
been obvious, but I was self-centered enough to think that Takaya was only focused on
harassing me. Now everyone knows.”
“You should’ve told them.”
“Thank you for the advice,” Akechi said curtly.
Shinjiro raised his eyebrows. “Don’t tell me you came here to get comforted. You kept a
secret; you faced the consequences. Poor you.”
“I never said I wanted comfort.” Akechi rolled his eyes. Shinjiro wasn’t shouting at him, but
maybe he was too detached from the situation to care as much. “I don’t know why I’m here.”
“Whatever.” Shinjiro shook his head and sat down at a nearby bench. “Look, if it makes you
feel better, I was going to ask Aki if you had told them anyway. I didn’t trust you for a
second.”
Akechi… couldn’t decide if that made him feel better or not.
“Your level of faith in me is appreciated,” Akechi said. He sat down on the bench next to
Shinjiro. “I guess you can’t judge me too much, seeing as you didn’t tell Akihiko about
Strega either.”
“Guess I can’t,” Shinjiro agreed, not rising to Akechi’s bait. He frowned. “Did you eat
anything today?”
“What does that have to do with anything?”
“Call it concern.”
“I’m not hungry.”

“You didn’t eat, then.” Somehow, Shinjiro looked more upset at this development than he did
to the news that Akechi was lying to him. Akechi supposed that his confession hadn’t been
surprising at all.
“I just said I wasn’t hungry,” Akechi snapped. “Would you just drop it? I have bigger things
to worry about right now.”
“Look, we all screw up.” Shinjiro stood up and walked up to a nearby vending machine.
Akechi followed him in disbelief. “I know I’ve made mistakes a whole lot worse than just
lying.”
“So have I.”
“What, like almost getting killed multiple times?”
Akechi didn’t say anything, and Shinjiro sighed as he stuck some yen into the vending
machine and pressed the button for a candy bar with peanuts in it.
“Just apologize. The others will come around.”
“It’s never that easy.”
Shinjiro took the candy bar from the vending machine and held it out to Akechi. Akechi
stared at it with raised eyebrows.
“I told you I wasn’t hungry,” he said.
“Don’t eat it, then.” Shinjiro thrust it into Akechi’s hands. “Keep it for when you are hungry.”
Akechi considered fishing yen out of his pockets to pay Shinjiro back, but something told
him Shinjiro wouldn’t appreciate it.
“Did anyone die last night?” Shinjiro asked.
“No.” Akechi began to remove the wrapper from the candy bar. As luck would have it, it was
a brand that he actually enjoyed from time to time.
“Then they’ll get over it.”
“I suppose that’s why you never show your face as a former member,” Akechi said
sarcastically as he took a bite from the candy bar.
Shinjiro’s expression darkened. “That’s different.”
“Why did you quit?” Akechi asked, because a part of him always burned for answers. It was
turning out to be his fatal flaw. “Did you get sick of the blatant child endangerment?”
“That’s not even funny.”
“I’m being honest.”

“And I’m not?” Shinjiro shook his head, his expression closed off. “My past is my business. I
don’t ask you questions about yours.”
“My apologies,” Akechi said, because Shinjiro wasn’t wrong. “I didn’t mean to offend.”
Shinjiro pulled a face. “Whatever. You should go back and talk to your friends. The longer
you avoid them, the more awkward things are going to be.”
“Making amends isn’t exactly my strong point,” Akechi said. The best he had ever managed
was a half-assed sacrifice and an alliance by necessity. Akira’s incessant need to forgive him
had nothing to do with Akechi’s actions, but Akira’s own sentimentality.
“You’re going to be a coward about it, then?”
Akechi balled up his empty wrapper in his fist. “Fine. I’ll talk to them.”
“That sounds more like it.”
Akechi threw his wrapper away in the nearby garbage bin. “Thank you for the food,” he said.
“I should be going.”
“Great. Don’t come back,” Shinjiro said. “Seriously, it’s not safe.”
Akechi knew that, actually.
Actually... Akechi faced Shinjiro right before Shinjiro began turning away.
“One more thing,” Akechi said. Shinjiro stopped and raised his eyebrows. “Takaya’s an
asshole, so you might as well call me Goro to make him feel less smug.”
Shinjiro’s expression became unreadable. “Sure.”
“Thank you.”
Moon Arcana: Rank 4

Akechi found Akihiko in the lounge that evening. He had already apologized to the others
separately, and to his surprise, he found that most of them weren’t that angry with him.
“I’m just glad you’re alive,” Yukari had said. Iori, Yamagishi, and Ken had echoed that
sentiment.
“It was a bit overwhelming last night, and I know I was missing a lot of context,” Ken
admitted to Akechi. “But you’re my friend. And you did help me escape, so it’s alright.”
Mitsuru told Akechi that by ending the Dark Hour, they’d bring Strega to justice, as if it
would be that easy. Arisato had only shrugged and said that he understood how Akechi felt.

He had even apologized to Aigis, to be thorough if nothing else, but her response was how he
expected it.
“I do not have feelings, so your apology is unnecessary,” she said. “However, I will give it
the appropriate response: all is forgiven.” Koromaru had barked nearby. “Koromaru also
forgives you.”
So now Akechi was left with the person who had definitely been angry with him.
“Sanada-senpai,” Akechi said, breaching the awkward silence between them. “I came to
apologize.” He bowed deeply. “I know I betrayed your trust, and I’m sorry. I don’t know how
to make things up to you.”
Akihiko sighed. “Do you actually mean it?’
Akechi blinked, taken aback. “Pardon?”
“You’re using that tone you use when you’re being overly polite,” Akihiko said. “So are you
actually apologizing, or are you just trying to get rid of the tension?”
Akechi swallowed. It wasn’t often that people demanded complete honesty out of him.
Usually, telling them what they wanted to hear was enough.
“I am sorry that I betrayed your trust,” Akechi said slowly. “That wasn’t my intention. And I
do regret trying to get answers out of Takaya, and that I didn’t properly prepare you for
Strega’s ambush. I’m not sorry that I didn’t tell you about my initial encounter with them. “
“That’s honestly better than I expected,” Akihiko said. “I just don’t get it. Do you not trust
us?”
“I trust you to not get me killed in battle,” Akechi said curtly. “Don’t take it personally. I
don’t trust anyone.”
“Look, I know I said I was mad about the people we might have been able to save, and, in
part, I think I am still mad about that,” Akihiko said. “But I’m sorry too. I shouldn’t have
yelled at you right after someone put a gun to your head.”
“Why not?” Akechi asked. “You were right to be angry.”
“That’s not the point.” Akihiko clasped his hands together. “You were just honest with me, so
I think it’s fair that I’m honest with you.”
“Don’t strain yourself,” Akechi said dryly.
“Akechi, I was really scared last night,” Akihiko said quietly, looking Akechi dead in the
eyes. “One of the only other times I’ve been as scared as I was last night was when my sister
died in a fire, and I couldn’t do anything about it.”
Akechi didn’t say anything. What could he possibly say?

“I felt really helpless, and I hate being helpless when a friend is in danger. When you turned
out to be okay, I realized you could have been almost killed like that loads of times, and then
I got angry.”
“I’m sorry.” Akechi meant it. He knew how it felt to have a loved one die and feel life spiral
out of control. He just couldn’t imagine why Akihiko was so afraid of Akechi dying.
“You shouldn’t have to apologize for nearly dying,” Akihiko snapped. “You just need to talk
to someone about these things! I know you almost died in the last full moon, and apparently
you’ve been fighting this killer in the meantime! You’re going to get yourself killed!”
“I’ll try to do better,” Akechi said, but he only half meant it. The world would be better off
without him, but he wasn’t particularly inclined to go out without a fight either. “I doubt I’ll
be allowed out during Dark Hour alone anyhow.”
“Probably not.” Akihiko looked comforted at that. “Look, Fuuka wanted to try to find a way
to figure out who Strega was targeting so we could try to at least distract them long enough to
protect that person. Do you happen to have their website?”
“I do, actually,” Akechi said grimly. “I’ll give it to her.”

That night, Akechi was once again getting little to no sleep. Every time he closed his eyes,
his mind created a fresh nightmare to torment him with.
Akechi opened his eyes and saw green light filtering from his closed window blinds. Akechi
wasn’t allowed to go out during the Dark Hour anymore, but maybe a small walk in the
building would clear his mind.
Akechi exited his room as quietly as possible. The hallway was mostly quiet, except that
Akechi could hear the distinct sound of talking coming from a few rooms down. Not only
talking, but Akechi heard a voice that he did not remotely recognize.
Akechi crept up to the door the voice was coming from, which was Arisato’s room, bizarrely
enough. He leaned his ear against the door as he tried to figure out who the hell had snuck
into Arisato’s room in the middle of the night.
“Not really,” Arisato said, but Akechi missed the question.
“I see… “ The strange voice answered. “Well, I suppose some people would choose death
over suffering. Otherwise, one might end up hating this world… Do you hate the world,
Minato-kun?”
“Sometimes,” Arisato said. “That’s true for everyone.”
“How interesting. Well, that’s not what I came here to talk about anyway. Soon, the
poisonous flowers will bloom. One in your own garden, and three in the garden opposite to
yours. I don’t know what it has to do with the end, but you should be careful.”

Well, assuming Arisato’s visitor wasn’t full of crap, it was pretty safe to assume the three in
the opposite garden were the members of Strega.
“I’ll come again if I find anything useful,” the guest said. “That's what friends are for, right?’
There was a strange sound, and the talking stopped. Unable to contain his curiosity, and some
concern, Akechi knocked on Arisato’s door.
“Arisato?” Akechi asked quietly. “Can I come in?”
“Sure.”
Akechi carefully opened the door. He immediately scanned the room for any sign of another
person, but Arisato was the only person in sight, lying in bed as though he just woke up.
There weren’t many hiding spots available in the room, and Akechi didn’t want to look like a
complete idiot tearing the room apart in pursuit of Arisato’s secret friend.
“Who were you talking to just now?” Akechi asked, closing the door behind him.
Arisato blinked. “You heard him?”
“He wasn’t exactly keeping his voice down,” Akechi said. “So you were talking to someone,
then?”
Arisato sat up, blinking tiredly at Akechi. “It was my sleep paralysis demon.”
“...Your sleep paralysis demon.”
Arisato nodded. “He comes every so often during the Dark Hour when I’m sleeping. We’re
friends.”
“And you call him your sleep paralysis demon,” Akechi said slowly.
Arisato nodded.
“Does your sleep paralysis demon have a name?”
“Pharos,” Arisato said.
“And he just comes and goes at will?” Akechi asked. “Do you know what sort of entity he
really is?”
Arisato shrugged. “He kind of just appears out of nowhere.”
Akechi frowned. Was Pharos a similar kind of being as the ones who resided the Velvet
Room? Or was he something more sinister?
“What does he talk to you about?”
“He tells me when it’s a week away from the full moon,” Arisato explained. “And keeps
talking about an end that’s near.”

“You haven’t thought to ask about it?” Akechi asked. An end? What the hell was that
supposed to mean?
“I tried, but he was really vague,” Arisato said.
Akechi frowned. “So that’s what this Pharos was talking about tonight. People wishing for
the end… of what, the world? Their lives?”
“He’s just trying to help,” Arisato said. “I think he cares more about the fate of the world than
I do.”
“I couldn’t say.” Akechi couldn’t see into Arisato’s feelings.
“Well…” Arisato didn’t say anything for a moment. Akechi started to turn around. “Do you
hate everyone?”
Akechi stopped in his tracks and looked back at Arisato. “What do you mean?”
“I never cared about what other people thought of me,” Arisato said. “But you seem to hate
everyone.”
Akechi did hate most people. Everybody liked to pretend they were righteous, but there was
always something worse lurking beneath the surface.
But did he hate everyone?
Come to think of it, Arisato seemed to have taken Akechi’s words from the coffee shop to
heart. Until recently, he seemed to believe that everyone really did hate him.
“I think I owe you an apology,” Akechi said after a moment's hesitation. “I was wrong
before... when I said everyone hated you.”
“No, you weren’t.”
“You have more friends than I do,” Akechi said. “Your teammates seem genuinely fond of
you, and nobody in SEES hates you. You’ve even befriended your… sleep paralysis demon.”
“You didn’t answer my question,” Arisato said. “Do you hate everyone?”
“No.”
A small smile formed on Minato’s face, barely more than a twitch in his lips. “You should
visit the Velvet Room sometime. Theo misses you.”
Akechi rolled his eyes. “Goodnight, Minato-kun.”
“Mhm.”
Death Arcana: Rank 4

A quick internet search revealed that pharos was the Greek word for lighthouse. That sort of
made sense, if this Pharos was actually giving Minato advice. From the small part of the
conversation that Akechi had overheard, it sounded like Arisato was giving Pharos more
answers than the other way around.
The next day went by without any noteworthy occurrences. Everybody seemed generally
more comfortable around him, although Yamagishi was ceaselessly hunched over her
computer, asking not to be disturbed.
On Sunday, the new television finally arrived. It was certainly a nicer model than the one that
previously resided in the lounge, and Iori’s frustration was quickly replaced by ecstasy.
“Man, thank you for breaking the TV!” he told Akechi for the millionth time as he began
eating a bowl of ramen for lunch. “Now we get to watch our shows in high definition!”
“It’s so big,” Ken said with a perturbed expression. “I feel like I could fall into it.”
“I guess I should destroy other people’s property more often,” Akechi replied drily.
“Oh, um, could you break the oven?” Yamagishi asked, glancing up from her computer work.
“It keeps burning the food I try to make.”
“That is because you preheat the oven twice as hot as you should,” Aigis said. “And you
forget to turn on the timer.”
“Oh.”
In spite of having four more teammates than when Akechi first joined the group, they were
yet to have a member who actually knew how to cook.
“Hey, Goro, do you want to come to the library with me?” Ken asked. “I still have some
summer homework to do.”
“Speaking of homework,” Mitsuru said. “I hope everyone’s prepared for the summer classes
next week.”
Iori dropped his chopsticks and gaped dramatically at Mitsuru. “You’re kidding me, right?”
“I’m doing nothing of the sort,” Mitsuru said, not looking remotely apologetic. “I know it’s
been difficult to maintain a proper work study balance in the midst of fighting shadows.
That’s why we’re all doing summer classes, with the exception of Akechi and Amada.”
“Why do they get to enjoy their vacation?!” Iori exclaimed, still looking outraged. “That’s
not fair at all!”
Akechi stood up, eager to leave the scene of the argument. “The library sounds great.”
The two of them slipped out as Iori turned his rage on Yukari and Yamagishi for not warning
him suitably.

“Man, I feel kind of bad for Junpei,” Ken said as they walked to the library. “I mean, I know I
wouldn’t like going to school for a whole week during summer vacation.”
“It will be good for him,” Akechi said mildly.
“Still.”
Once they arrived at the library, they sat down and began working on homework. Akechi had
already finished most of his work, so he occupied his time either helping Amada or doing
research on Carl Jung’s theory on the collective unconscious.
“Fancy seeing you here!”
Akechi's skin pickled as he snapped his head up to the sound of the voice. Akira’s face smiled
at him, but Tsuyoshi was not Akira.
“Um, hello,” Ken said.
“Are you a friend of Akechi’s?” Tsuyoshi asked jovially. “Nice to meet you, I’m–”
“What are you doing here?” Akechi asked, not wanting to hear Akira’s name come from
Tsuyoshi’s lying mouth.
“I came to read,” Tsuyoshi said. “As are you, it seems.” He leaned over Akechi’s shoulder to
get a closer look at his book. Akechi slammed his hand down on the page. “The collective
unconscious, huh? Pretty fascinating stuff.”
“Here’s an idea,” Akechi said. “Why don’t you read your own book and leave us to do our
homework?”
“But you haven’t even introduced your friend,” Tsuyoshi said. “I think that’s kind of
disappointing.”
“I’m Amada Ken,” Ken said, staring at Tsuyoshi mistrustfully. “Goro’s right. We’re kind of
busy right now.”
Bless Ken.
“Fine.” Tsuyoshi stood up to his full height and grinned in a way that Akira never would
have. “Bastard children like yourselves have to do what you can to get by in this world,
right?”
Ken’s expression closed off, and Akechi crumbled a piece of scrap paper sitting on their
table.
“If you have nothing to contribute, then leave,” Akechi hissed.
Tsuyoshi shrugged and walked away. Ken and Akechi sat unmovingly. Akechi was resisting
the urge to take his pencil and stab Tsuyoshi in the eye.

“I’m sorry,” Akechi said. “You shouldn’t have had to hear that.”
“No, it’s… how do you know him?”
“He’s just an acquaintance,” Akechi said. “But I hate him.”
Ken stared at the blank space where Tsuyoshi was standing a few minutes before. “Good.”
Fool Arcana: Rank 3

Chapter End Notes

You have been freed of the cliffhanger that was the last chapter.
You are welcome.
And since this is chapter twenty I actually remembered to give an update on the social
links! Yay!
Fool (0) - Kurusu Tsuyoshi (?) - Rank 3
Empress (III) - Kirijo Mitsuru - Rank 5
Justice (VIII) - Amada Ken - Rank 4
Hermit (IX) - Sakaki Takaya - Rank 6
Strength (XI) - Yamamoto Emiko - Rank 4
Hanged Man (XII) - Kirijo Takeharu - Rank 3
Death (XIII) - Arisato Minato - Rank 4
Temperance (XIV) - Iori Junpei - Rank 1
Devil (XV) - Ikutsuki Shuji - Rank 4
Tower (XVI) - Shido Masayoshi - Rank 1
Moon (XVIII) - Aragaki Shinjiro - Rank 4
Judgement (XX) - Velvet Room Attendants - Rank 3
Anyone want to make a bet on which one will be maxed out first lol

Chapter 21: August 11–20, 2009
Chapter Summary

Summer shenanigans abound

Chapter Notes

tw: panic attacks, ptsd, references to death, and my personal favorite *child
endangerment*

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“It’s Shinji’s birthday today,” Akihiko told Akechi two days later before he left for summer
classes.
Akechi frowned. He hadn’t known that, and he hadn’t realized that Akihiko knew enough
about Akechi’s relationship with Shinjiro to mention it to him. “Why are you telling me
this?”
“You owe him for saving your life,” Akihiko said.
“He told you about that?” Akechi asked, feeling sick at the thought of Akihiko knowing just
how weak he was.
“Not the details, just that he saved you from a tough scrape,” Akihiko said, shoving a protein
bar into his mouth. “In Shinji speak, that means you were probably half dead.”
Akihiko wasn’t exactly wrong.
“Just visit him and wish him a happy birthday or something.” Akihiko shouldered his
bookbag. “And thank him if you haven’t already.”
“I hope you take your own advice,” Akechi said.
“He’s my best friend. He would just think I’m a sap.” Akihiko started for the door. “Just
make him feel appreciated. It’ll be good for him.”
Akechi ran his fingers through his hair as Akihiko left. He was right about one thing: Akechi
did owe Shinjiro. Birthday wishes would hardly repay a life debt, but it might be enough to
pay him back for the candy bar from the other day.

Akechi had never found himself buying birthday presents before, and he had a feeling that
Shinjiro wouldn’t appreciate anything too over the top. A card would be too disingenuous,
but Akechi didn’t know where to begin when it came to Shinjiro’s preferences. Should he
give Shinjiro something that might help him on the streets? What was Shinjiro’s living
situation?
After searching the mall and finding nothing satisfactory, Akechi finally stopped by the drug
store and bought some healing items. Then, so he didn’t seem too practical, he purchased a
candy bar from the nearby vending machine.
Akechi shoved his gifts into a small gift bag and stared at it with an overwhelming feeling of
embarrassment. He should have called Emiko and asked how she managed to pull off giving
Ken such a successful birthday celebration without shame, but she was at the beach. He
didn’t want to disturb her vacation.
To avoid Shinjiro getting angry at him for going to the dangerous back alley, Akechi pulled
out his phone and called him. After a few rings, Shinjiro answered, much to Akechi’s relief.
“What’s up?” Shinjiro asked.
“I wanted to speak with you in person, but I didn’t think you’d want me to find you,” Akechi
said. “I’m sitting outside of Paulownia Mall.”
“Sure.” Shinjiro hung up, and fifteen minutes later, Akechi saw his hunched form amidst the
other pedestrians.
As Shinjiro approached Akechi, Akechi hid his gift bag behind his back, feeling ridiculous.
Ridiculous for having gone as far as getting a gift bag to begin with, and ridiculous for hiding
it behind his back like a toddler.
“What’s going on?” Shinjiro asked, looking around. “You’re not doing something stupid
again, are you?”
“Not in the way you’re thinking,” Akechi said.
Shinjiro did not look impressed by that response. Akechi decided to get this embarrassing
affair over with before he did something truly foolish.
“Akihiko-senpai told me it was your birthday, and I owe you quite a bit,” Akechi said, putting
on his prince face. It was the only way he wasn’t going to melt from mortification. “I know
this won’t make us even, but Happy Birthday, Shinjiro-san!”
Akechi thrust the gift bag into Shinjiro’s hands and bowed.
Shinjiro took the gift, wearing a perplexed expression. “Are you possessed?”
“I’m not possessed, idiot,” Akechi snapped, getting rid of his polite facade now that the
present was in Shinjiro’s hands. The August sun was suddenly oppressive. “Just open the
damn gift. Or don’t. This was Akihiko’s idea, you know.”

Shinjiro relaxed and nodded. Akechi was quite sure he heard him mutter, “There he is,” as he
pulled out the healing items from the gift bag.
“I hope you bought some of these for yourself,” Shinjiro said as he put the items into his
pockets. “Seeing how often you’re almost dying.”
“I’m not stupid, I always have something on me,” Akechi said.
“Good.” Shinjiro pulled out the chocolate bar and gave Akechi an unimpressed expression.
“Isn’t this the exact same thing I tried to give you for your birthday?”
“I’m not creative,” Akechi said. “People often give people things they enjoy as well, so it
was fair to assume that you liked that brand.”
“Fair enough,” Shinjiro said. “Lucky for you, you’re right.” He tore off the wrapper and took
a bite out of the chocolate bar. “And look, I’m even accepting your gift.”
Akechi didn’t have a good response for that, so he decided to ignore that final comment as he
took the gift bag and folded it up.
“You’re stealing my bag?” Shinjiro asked.
“It was my bag, and I’m saving it for later,” Akechi said.
“Smart.” Shinjiro nodded, finishing off his chocolate bar. “Since Aki’s a snitch, I’ll tell you
that his birthday is on the twenty-second of September.”
“The twenty-second of September?” Akechi asked. He frowned. “Chances are, I’m not going
to remember that.”
“I’ll remind you.”
They sat down and watched other people go about their lives. A mother holding her child by
the hand as they crossed the street. A young couple arguing. A man in a suit talking on the
phone. All oblivious to the metaverse and its dangers. Normal.
“How old are you now?” Akechi asked, realizing he didn’t know how old Shinjiro was.
Wasn’t that one of the first things you learned about a new friend?
“Eighteen.”
Akechi nodded. “You’re in the third year, then?”
Shinjiro looked as if Akechi just told a funny joke. “If I actually went to class.”
“And you live alone?” Goro asked cautiously. “On the streets?”
Shinjiro’s expression soured. “Don’t tell me you’re trying to get me to rejoin SEES too.”

“I’m just…” Something lodged in Goro’s throat. He was just what? Curious? Worried?
Shinjiro could take care of himself, even if he was only eighteen.
“Don’t worry about me, kid,” Shinjiro said, somehow managing to read Goro’s expression.
“You got plenty of your own shit to deal with.”
They fell into an uncomfortable silence. Akechi wiped away some of the sweat forming on
his brow.
“Akihiko’s in summer classes right now,” Akechi said, attempting to lighten the mood.
Shinjiro snorted. “I heard. I feel bad for them, sitting in a classroom on a nice day like today.”
“You’re still wearing a coat,” Akechi noted. “How are you not sweltering right now?”
“I run cold.” Shinjiro coughed.
Akechi wondered if he was running a fever.

Akechi returned to the Velvet Room after one of his runs. The shadows in Tartarus were only
getting stronger, and Akechi conceded he needed stronger personas with more abilities. He
was actually starting to fall behind Minato.
Theodore was overjoyed to see him.
“Akechi-kun!” he exclaimed. “It’s been so long!”
“It’s good to see you again, Theodore,” Akechi said. He glanced at Igor and Elizabeth,
wondering if they were going to mention the drawing Elizabeth had stolen from him.
Elizabeth avoided eye contact, which was extremely out of character for her. Igor wore that
same stupid grin he always did.
Akechi began to perform some much-needed fusions. Much to his annoyance, personas of the
hermit arcana came out to be much stronger than the others, because, somehow, his social
link with Takaya was the most ranked up.
“You’ve made more bonds since we’ve seen each other last,” Igor said. “Well done.”
“It’s not like I’m doing it on purpose,” Akechi muttered.
“You’d be surprised.”
Akechi supposed Igor had a small point. He didn’t bond with someone unless he talked to
them. If Akechi just locked himself in his room all day, he’d have no bonds at all. But that
scenario was so unrealistic it was almost laughable.
Speaking of bonds…

“I thought I would take you to the park today, Theodore,” Akechi said when he was done
fusing his personas.
“Really?” Theodore asked, looking beyond thrilled. “I would be honored.”
On their way to the train station, the insufferable booming of a campaign speech grated
against Akechi’s ears. The general election was getting closer now, and Akechi tuned out the
voice as they got closer to its source.
Tuning out the voice became impossible as Akechi realized who the voice belonged to.
Shido’s words were about as ridiculous as they were when he was campaigning for Prime
Minister, although slightly less ambitious and world-domineering. Seeing as Shido was only
campaigning to be a representative, this made sense.
“This country needs someone to represent the people—”
Akechi wanted to kill him.
Theodore put a hand on Akechi’s shoulder. “Are you alright?” he asked as he steered Akechi
further away from Shido and his campaigning.
Akechi’s heart was still pounding. Why did this always happen to him? Why couldn’t Shido
just leave him alone?
As Theodore led him further away, Akechi couldn’t let Shido just go about his life as if he
hadn’t just ruined Akechi’s week. Akechi twisted his head around and shouted at the top of
his lungs.
“FUCK YOU!”
Shido’s expression shifted into one of irritation for a fraction of a moment, and Akechi
allowed himself to feel a small sense of victory before he had a panic attack in front of the
turnstiles.
Tower Arcana: Rank 3

“I’m sorry you had to see that,” Akechi told Theo after he had recovered. They sat on a park
bench and watched some dog play fetch with its owner.
“It’s completely understandable,” Theodore said. “Besides, Margaret told me to be prepared
for the unexpected when attending to a guest.”
“Margaret?” Akechi asked.
“My older sister.”
“How many siblings do you have?”

“Well, there’s Elizabeth,” Theodore said, counting off on his fingers. “Then Margaret, and
then Lavenza. She’s quite young, though.”
If Akechi wasn’t mistaken, Lavenza was Akira’s attendant. Akira had described her as
appearing quite young as well. How quickly did Velvet Attendants age?
“How old are you?” Akechi asked.
“In human years?” Theodore asked. “I have no clue. How old are you, Akechi-kun?”
Helpful.
“You know how old I am,” Akechi muttered.
“Yes, but it’s always polite to respond to a question with a similar question,” Theodore said,
looking pleased with himself.
“Not when you already know the answer,” Akechi said. “Then, you just seem like you didn’t
care enough to remember the first time.”
“Oh. My apologies.”
“Apology accepted, not that I really cared to begin with.”
They sat in a semi-comfortable silence before Theodore clasped his hands together with an
anxious expression.
“Can I confide in you?” he asked.
Akechi raised his eyebrows. “If you think that’s a good idea.”
“You were not… originally meant to be my guest.”
“Unsurprising,” Goro said.
Theodore cleared his throat. “Yes, well, in all truth, The candidate we originally thought
might be a wildcard died when she was quite young. So, I admit, I was quite surprised when
my master told me I had an assignment.”
Why was Theodore telling him this?
“I must have been a disappointment.”
“On the contrary, Akechi-kun,” Theodore said. “It’s a comfort to know that I have another
chance to assist someone through the struggles of humanity.”
Akechi couldn’t decide if he was meant to be touched or offended at being a pseudoreplacement for a dead girl.
He landed on neither.

“If you keep it up, maybe nobody will die this time,” he said, failing to keep the sarcasm out
of his voice.
Maybe I won’t die this time, a traitorous thought whispered.
Theodore seemed to understand what he meant anyway. His expression softened into a quiet
sadness. “That is my hope.”

“Hey, Akechi-kun!” Emiko said brightly over the phone a few days later. “Would you like to
go to the festival with me tomorrow night? Ken-kun’s coming too!”
Honestly, Akechi had forgotten that there was even going to be a festival the next evening.
He hadn’t planned on going.
“That sounds fun,” Akechi said. “What time would you like for us to meet up?”
Emiko and Akechi arranged to meet at six before Akechi hung up. He rested his phone
against his desk with a quiet exhale.
Why had he agreed to go? And was he looking forward to it? Festivals were just excuses for
people to eat food and spend time with other people. Akechi shouldn’t waste his time on
them.
Well, he already accepted Emiko’s invitation, so there wasn’t much to be done. He’d just
spend the evening with Emiko and Ken. There were certainly worse ways to spend a Sunday
night.
That evening, Ikutsuki called the others into the command room. Akechi wondered what
marvelous news they’d be receiving this time. Maybe Yamagishi had finally managed to
figure out Strega’s next targets.
“No, I’m sorry,” Yamagishi said when Akechi asked. “It’s much harder than I anticipated.
The website is very well protected.”
Akechi was moments away from calling Oracle, but she was currently only eight years old. It
was unlikely she had the same level of proficiency she would have seven years from now.
They all gathered in the command room, including Ken.
“Hello everyone,” Ikutsuki said. “I came to tell you of an official new addition to the team.”
Everybody looked at Ken before looking back at Ikutsuki.
“Are you sure about this?” Yukari asked, still looking uncertain. “He’s just an elementary
schooler…”
“I don’t think you can use that argument with Akechi sitting in the same room as us,” Iori
said.

“He has more than enough potential to summon a persona,” Ikutsuki said. “I’m sure he’ll
prove to be a valuable member of your team.”
Akechi was going to kill Ikutsuki. It was one thing to let Ken be in the know about where
everybody went at midnight. It was another thing to let an elementary schooler risk his life
entirely.
“Don’t worry,” Ken added, probably seeing the indignation on Akechi’s face. “I volunteered
to join.”
MItsuru and Akihiko gave each other uncertain looks.
“Are you sure you’re okay with this?” Akihiko asked.
Ken nodded. “Now that I finally know why I was given this power; I want to help you guys.
Besides, it’s not fair that Goro-kun gets to fight and I don’t.”
“That is true,” Yamagishi said reluctantly.
“As you can see, this is one hundred percent his own decision,” Ikutsuki said. “So there
should be no problems.”
Akihiko and Mitsuru still looked far more subdued than they did when Akechi joined the
team. What were they hiding?
“Well, welcome aboard, Ken-kun!” Iori said, oblivious to the third years’ attitude.
“But Amada-kun isn’t boarding anything,” Aigis said.
“It’s another figure of speech,” said Iori with a small frown. “It just means ‘welcome to the
team’. I guess.”
“I see.” Aigis turned to Ken. “Welcome aboard.”
“Thanks guys,” Ken said, smiling.
Everybody filed out of the room, but Akechi stayed behind, asking Ikutsuki if he could have
a moment. Mitsuru and Akihiko looked as though there were moments away from asking
Ikutsuki the same thing, but they didn’t argue as they left the room.
“What is it?” Ikutsuki asked, looking perfectly content with his life’s choices.
“With all due respect, Ikutsuki-san, are you sure allowing Ken to be on the team is the wisest
decision?” Akechi asked. He didn’t bother to keep his expression polite.
“What do you mean?”
“He’s young and immature,” Akechi said. “He’s not even in middle school. He doesn’t know
what he wants. As an adult, you’re supposed to have the emotional maturity to refuse his
request.”

That was, of course, assuming Akechi had any faith in the emotional maturity of adults. He
didn’t. But somehow, he was still extremely disappointed by this turn of events.
“I’m confused,” Ikutsuki said, frowning. “You’re in elementary school.”
“I’m different,” Akechi said, forcing himself not to raise his voice. “My personas are so
powerful that I’m never in any significant amount of danger. And, for the record, I don’t
think you should have let me on the team either.”
“I can always take you off, if that’s what you want. Nobody’s forcing you.”
“This isn’t about me,” Akechi snapped, giving up on politeness. “This is about Ken! Why are
you letting him risk his life out there? He could die!”
Ikutsuki gave Akechi a knowing, condescending smile. The one that meant he had already
written off anything Akechi was going to say from this point forward. It reminded Akechi of
Maruki’s stupid grin.
“I understand that you’re worried for your friend, but I’m sure Ken can handle himself,” he
said. “You have nothing to worry about.”
“I have everything to worry about!” Akechi took a deep breath. He couldn’t be showing
weakness like this. It would be used against him later. “With all due respect, we are all
risking our lives. We have all almost died against these powerful shadows, which are only
growing more powerful. Aigis, a robot designed specifically to destroy shadows, was badly
damaged by a shadow that we have yet to face. We could all die on one of these operations.
Ken shouldn’t be allowed to take that risk.”
“I agree, Akechi.”
Akechi blinked. What? Ikutsuki agreed? Was he actually listening to what Akechi had to say
and taking his opinion into account?
“In a perfect world, neither Ken or the others would have to risk their lives for problems
adults created,” Ikutsuki said. “But we need all of the help we can get.”
Or not.
“That was true when SEES was five people,” Akechi said. “We have more than enough
members now.”
“I can see that you’re not going to agree with anything I say,” Ikutsuki said, somehow not
getting angry. He just got more infuriatingly condescending. “But look at it this way, if I
don’t let Ken on the team, he’s just going to do something reckless like he did on the last full
moon. If you hadn’t told him about SEES, he might not have been put in danger, but, as it is,
he knows and isn’t going to back down. I really don’t have much of a choice.”
Akechi’s ears began ringing. “Are you saying this is my fault?” he asked. His hands started
shaking.

“Of course not,” Ikutsuki said, even though that was exactly what he had been saying. “Just
that we have to work with what we’re given.”
Akechi swallowed back the urge to scream. It was clear that Ikutsuki was not to be reasoned
with. He nodded mechanically. “Very well. I’m sorry to have disturbed you.”
Akechi bowed and left the room. He entered his own bedroom, locked the door, and picked
up his pillow. He buried his face into it and screamed.
Devil Arcana: Rank 5

On the day of the festival, Akechi and Ken arrived at the shrine a few minutes before
Emiko’s proposed meeting time. Emiko didn’t arrive until a few minutes after six, wearing a
blue yukata with white bell flowers patterned on the fabric.
“Sorry I’m late,” Emiko said, bowing apologetically even though she was only a couple of
minutes late.
“You look nice,” Ken said. “I feel kind of silly wearing my normal clothes now.”
“Don’t worry about it,” Emiko said. “Come on, let’s look around!”
They stopped by a couple of the snack vendors, and Emiko pulled out her familiar floralpatterned pouch to purchase a chocolate dipped banana. Akechi got taiyaki for Ken and
himself, pushing away a snide thought about pancake batter.
“Oh look, it’s a Feather Hawk mask!” Ken said, pointing to the mask vendor. There was half
a row dedicated to Featherman R character masks.
“I haven’t seen a lot of that show,” Emiko noted as Ken jogged up to the stand. “Is it good?”
“It’s really, um…” Ken’s face flushed. “It’s pretty cool. You should watch it.”
“Maybe I will.” Emiko looked up at the masks. “Wow, all of these masks are pretty cool
looking. Maybe I should wear one.”
“Would you like me to buy the Feather Hawk mask for you?” Akechi asked Ken, who had no
pocket money of his own. Ken informed Akechi that the little amount of money his relatives
sent him each month was usually dedicated to milk cartons.
“Oh, um, that’s not necessary,” Ken said, looking down at his feet. He stole a glance at the
mask every few seconds.
Did he think he was being subtle?
While Emiko continued to deliberate on what mask she wanted, Akechi bought a Feather
Hawk mask for “himself”. As soon as the vendor handed it to him, Akechi turned toward
Ken.

“I’ve just realized that I hate masks,” Akechi said. He was actually telling the truth, even if
the circumstances of his purchase were a bit deceitful. “The elastic makes my head itch.”
“Oh, that sucks,” Ken said, eyeing the mask in Akechi’s hand hopefully.
“It’d be a waste not to use it though,” Akechi said. He handed Ken the mask. “I suppose
you’ll have to use it for me.”
“Oh, um, I guess it would be a waste not to.” Ken snatched the mask from Akechi’s hand and
put it over his face. He looked a little ridiculous, but it wasn’t as though he were the only one
running around the festival with a mask covering his face. Near the back of the crowd,
Akechi saw Junpei with a Feather Hawk mask of his own; Minato and Akihiko were with
him, wearing Yellow Owl and Black Condor masks respectively.
“Thank you,” Ken said after a moment, his voice echoing inside the mask.
Emiko giggled. “You two are dumb,” she said.
Both Ken and Akechi turned toward her with insulted expressions. Or, at least, Akechi
assumed Ken was insulted. His face was still covered by the mask.
“What do you mean?” Ken asked.
Emiko pointed to Ken. “You should’ve just asked for the mask,” she said. She then pointed to
Akechi. “And you should’ve been honest about the gift.”
Akechi resisted the urge to take a mask of his own just to hide his embarrassed expression.
Had he really been that transparent? Then again, he hadn’t been putting up much of an effort
to hide his true intentions.
“Um, I guess you have a point.” Ken shifted his mask around his head so that it was only
covering half of his face. “Thanks, Goro. I mean it.”
“You’re welcome,” Akechi said.
“Much better,” Emiko said with a nod. She turned back toward the mask vendor and
purchased a Blue Swan mask. She had it cover only a part of her face. “There! Now we
match.”
“Except for you,” Ken told Akechi reluctantly. “Are you sure you don’t want to buy a mask
for yourself?”
A small part of Goro was tempted to purchase a mask just to match with the others, but
Akechi pushed those immature thoughts away. He genuinely couldn’t stand how real-world
masks felt on his face, and it would be a waste of money to purchase something only to carry
it around for the rest of the evening.
“I’m sure,” Akechi said.

“You can be Feather Hawk’s best friend,” Emiko said. “You don’t need a mask because
you’re already yourself.”
“So I’m a side character,” Akechi said dryly.
“That is not what I meant!”
Akechi shook his head with an amused smile. Bizarrely enough, he did feel better. “I know
what you meant. Thank you.”
They continued through the festival. Akechi could see Aigis and the other girls all in yukatas
themselves, and Akechi wondered what Aigis thought of all the activities. She was probably
asking a host of questions for the others to grapple with.
“Hey, Goro,” Ken asked as Emiko tried her hand at goldfish scooping. “Do you not trust
me?”
“What do you mean?” Akechi asked.
“I heard you arguing with Ikutsuki-san,” Ken said. “I know you said you were worried, but
you’re not worried about yourself, are you?”
Akechi frowned. He hadn’t meant for Ken to overhear, but he probably should have seen it
coming.
“I do trust you,” Akechi said. “It’s the principle of the thing. Adults shouldn’t let children like
ourselves risk our lives.”
“Oh.” Ken still looked downcast. “But you do trust me?”
“Yes.” Akechi nodded. “And, I am worried. I don’t think the others realize how often we
dance with death.”
“Is it really that dangerous?” Ken asked, looking slightly surprised. “I mean, I know you had
a gun to your head that one time, but I thought that was an exception–”
“I did it!” Emiko squealed, sprinting toward them with her pet goldfish in hand. “I’m going
to name him Taiyaki!”
“Wow, good job,” Ken said, with an impressed expression. Scooping goldfish wasn’t easy.
Akechi had never attempted it himself. “But, um, won’t that name be a little tempting for
your cat?”
Emiko’s face became crestfallen. “Oh no, Momo would definitely eat Taiyaki,” she said,
looking down at Taiyaki with a mournful expression. “She’d probably think he was as
delicious as real Taiyaki too. And my dad probably won’t let me have another pet.”
“Oh, that’s too bad,” Ken said.

“I know!” Emiko immediately brightened up and carefully held Taiyaki’s plastic bag out to
Akechi. Akechi took it before she accidentally dropped it. “Since you didn’t get a mask, you
can take care of Taiyaki in my stead.”
“This is a surprise,” Akechi said, staring at the fish in his hands. It swam in a small circle.
“Are you sure?”
Emiko insisted, so Akechi had little choice but to thank her and accept the fish.
On their way back from the festival, they stopped by the local Junes and purchased the
necessary supplies for taking care of a goldish. According to Emiko, they needed a larger
than anticipated aquarium with a filtration system for the goldfish to live a happy and healthy
life.
“I love animals,” she said. “And seeing as I rescued Taiyaki, I need to make sure he lives a
long and prosperous life.”
Ken helped carry the supplies back to the dorms, and he looked around Akechi’s room with
an alarmed expression.
“Your room is so… clean,” he said.
“You can say lifeless,” Akechi said, placing the fish tank on his desk.
“Well, that’s a bit strong,” Ken said. “My room is seriously just messier than this.”
“Filled with milk cartons?” Akechi asked, mostly as a joke.
Ken’s embarrassed expression indicated that it wasn’t a joke at all.
By the time they were done filling the bowl with water and the decorations Emiko had
bought–she had gone a bit overboard, buying a small castle for Taiyaki to swim around–it
was almost midnight. Ken and Akechi admired their handiwork.
“Emiko made the right call with the castle,” Ken said as Taiyaki swam through one of the
windows. “He loves it.”
“It was a little expensive,” Akechi said.
“We’ll just get her a really good birthday present,” Ken said.
Taiyaki swam more aggressively, as though in agreement.
Later that week, the sound of his phone ringing woke Akechi up. It buzzed furiously against
his nightstand, and Akechi barely opened his eyes to fumble for it. After confirming the
caller was Minato and not Takaya, Goro collapsed back into his pillows and answered the
phone.
“Hi,” Minato said to him. “Do you want to see some movies?”

Akechi yawned and stared at a small tea-colored stain on his ceiling. “Why didn’t you knock
on my door?”
“That’s awkward,” Minato said, as though this phone conversation wasn’t also awkward.
“Anyway. Movies?”
Akechi sat up and massaged his temple. It wasn’t as though he had anything better to do.
“Sure.”
“Cool.”
Minato hung up. Akechi stared at his phone blankly, wondering why Minato hadn’t just
texted him.
They arrived at the theater, and Akechi frowned at the unusual amount of people.
“What’s the occasion?” he asked.
“It’s the film festival,” Minato said. “They’re playing a bunch of movies with like a specific
theme every day for the next week.”
Akechi thought he remembered Ken bringing that up. “What’s today’s theme?”
“Nature documentaries,” Minato said, squinting at a distant sign. “Do you mind?”
Akechi had watched a fair few of those with Akira, who said he liked to watch the animals
work together. Akechi had expected him to cry when the animals got killed by predators, but
Akira just nodded and said the predators needed to survive too.
Akechi had a feeling this experience would not be the same.
“I don’t mind at all,” Akechi said. Minato only nodded.
The documentaries were interesting enough. Akechi and Minato sat next to each other
without exchanging a word for hours as Akechi learned about the importance of teamwork
when taking down large prey. He was also emotionally manipulated by cute baby animals
that would then die gruesomely.
When they finally left the theater, Minato glanced at him tentatively. “What’d you think?”
“They were fun,” Akechi said. “Thank you for taking me.”
“Oh, you’re welcome.” Minato looked away. Akechi’s phone buzzed. “You should check
that.”
Akechi pulled out his phone to see multiple texts from Iori.
Iori Junpei: Can u describe that Chidori girl for me
Iori Junpei: See someone who might look like her in the station

Iori Junpei: Red hair white dress
Iori Junpei: Oh wait nvm
Iori Junpei: Ignore all these messages
Minato looked over Akechi’s shoulder. “Huh.”
“If he’s let the actual Chidori fool him, I’m going to be deeply annoyed,” Akechi said as an
understatement. He would actually kill him.
“He’s trying his best,” Minato said. “You should give him another chance.”
Maybe Akechi had been a little harsh toward Iori. He had been slightly less insufferable
recently. And Akechi would never rank up Iori’s social link if he didn’t at least pretend to be
nicer.
That was a problem for later. For now, Akechi was going to get answers. He called Iori.
“Oh, hey, Akechi-kun,” Iori said. “Sorry for those texts. I thought that I saw Chidori, but
she’s really some other chick who looks similar. I kind of freaked her out.”
Akechi pinched the bridge of his nose. Only Iori would walk up to a random stranger and
demand to know if she was secretly a member of a mercenary band.
Unless the actual Chidori lied to him, and Junpei believed her.
Minato gave Akechi a nudge. Since when was Minato qualified to give friendship advice?
Akechi bit back the urge to groan.
“I’m glad you’re not hurt,” Akechi said stiffly. “Maybe you would like to go to the movies
with me tomorrow?”
“For the film festival?” Iori sounded surprised. “Sure, man.”
“Sounds good.” Akechi hung up. Minato was right; that conversation would have been ten
times more agonizing in person.
“Good job,” Minato said.
“Oh, shut up.”
Death Arcana: Rank 5

Junpei was just minding his business, grieving the approaching end of summer vacation,
when he saw this girl drawing in the middle of the station. She wore this weird white dress
and frilly headband, and her hair was such a startling shade of red that it would be hard not to
notice her.

Curious, and admittedly hoping to maybe score a date, Junpei began to approach her. As he
made his way over to her, however, a small memory unlocked in his mind. Hadn’t Akechi
described a girl who looked just like this as the third member of Strega? What was her name
again, Chidori?
Junpei whipped out his phone and sent a few frantic texts to Akechi for confirmation.
Oh wait… wasn’t Akechi was watching movies with Minato? There was no way he’d be
hearing any message notifications in the quiet theater.
In that case, it was up to Junpei. Easy enough. Junpei would just walk up to her and ask,
straight out.
“Get out of my way,” the girl said.
Junpei jumped, not prepared to be addressed first. “Huh?”
“You’re in my way,” she said. “Move.”
“Oh, um, sorry.” Junpei began walking away before he got a hold of his senses. What was he
doing, walking away like a coward? He was a man. He needed to face the situation head on!
Junpei spun around and marched right back toward the girl. She looked up at him with an
expression of annoyance, but he wasn’t going to let that deter him.
“I’m not interested in you,” she said.
“W-what?” Was he just… rejected? He hadn’t even asked her out yet! Not that he had been
planning to. There was no way he was going to accidentally ask a member of Strega out.
“You’ve returned to ask me on a date, did you not?” the girl asked.
“Um, no, actually,” Junpei said. He needed to regain control of this situation, and fast. “Are
you a member of Strega?”
The girl made a confused face. “Strega? Is that a game company?”
“No, not Sega,” Junpei said. Maybe he had made a terrible mistake. “Strega. They’re a bunch
of mercenaries that wander around during the Dark Hour.”
“What is the Dark Hour?” the girl asked, looking more and more unimpressed with Junpei.
“Is this some sort of pick-up line?”
“What, no!” Junpei was going about this all wrong. “I, um, what’s your name?”
“It’s Chiho.”
Chiho? That barely even sounded like the name Chidori! Maybe this was just some weird
sister of Chidori’s, and that’s why their descriptions were so similar. Or maybe she was just

completely unrelated. There couldn’t be only one red-haired girl in Japan with a white dress,
right?
“Oh, um, I’m sorry,” Junpei said sheepishly. He chuckled nervously. “This has all been one
massive misunderstanding. My friend described someone who liked kind of like you, and
um… No hard feelings?”
“Sure.” Chiho returned to her drawing. Junpei left, feeling beyond embarrassed. He sent
Akechi a quick text. A few hours later, Junpei sent another text just to make sure that Akechi
didn’t freak out. Akechi was pretty good at freaking out.
Sadly, Junpei received a call from Akechi anyway.
Less sadly, he got invited to the movies?
Akechi was really unpredictable. And weird.
At least Junpei had movies to look forward to tomorrow! What could go wrong?

Chapter End Notes

I KNOW WHAT YOU"RE THINKING: "but Molly, Shido's social link was last at rank
1, how could it already be at rank 3????"
Well, dear reader, technically Akechi hit rank 2 when he broke the television. But like, it
was an awkward one-sided rank up that really involved akechi feeling dramatic feelings,
so i thought it would be silly to make it officially a rank up. Also i'm invoking pharos
and i think sae rules. sometimes the plot just makes you skip a couple of ranks and
there's nothing you can do about it.
Thank you for coming to my ted talk.
Anyway! this week's chapters are what one might call the calm before the storm lol :D
Hope you enjoyed, please be nice in the comments, and thank you for reading! I liked all
of y'alls theories about the first rank max.

Chapter 22: August 21–September 1, 2009
Chapter Summary

Actually, Junpei's the main character
Sorry Akechi fans
It's Junpei's fic now

Chapter Notes

tw: panic attacks, reference to death, self loathing,

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“That was… that was… that was the saddest movie I’ve ever seen!”
Iori was crying. Tears rolled down Iori’s face, and Iori covered his eyes as they exited the
theater.
Akechi could not believe what he was seeing.
“Don’t look at me, Akechi,” Junpei said. “I’m indecent.”
“Sure,” Akechi said, not looking away.
The movie was about a kid who lived alone with his drunk father. The kid became close
friends with a girl in his class, and the girl encouraged him to emancipate. Just when the kid
had successfully emancipated, the girl died of some disease that she had had the entire time.
It was sad, but it didn’t make Akechi feel inclined to cry his eyes out. The entire ordeal was
borderline cliché.
Junpei sniffed. “Okay, I think I’m good now,” he said, scrubbing at his eyes. “Man, they
weren’t kidding when they said tear jerkers, huh?”
“I guess so,” Akechi said. “I suppose I was unlucky with the day I invited you.”
“Eh, you couldn’t have known,” Junpei said. He grinned. “It was a good movie. Thanks for
inviting me. I gotta admit, I was surprised that you bothered.”

“Yes, well, Minato said I should give you another chance,” Akechi said. “So consider this a
peace offering.”
“I’m all about peace offerings,” Junpei said cheerfully, wiping a few stray tears from his eyes.
“I’ll try not to let you down.”
Akechi nodded in approval. Maybe Junpei had the potential to rise in his estimation. “Also, I
appreciate that you remembered my description of Chidori. It really demonstrates that you
take these things seriously.”
“Of course, I do.” Junpei looked around. “The lookalike was around here, but I guess she
doesn’t live at the station.”
“Of course, she doesn’t,” Akechi said, rolling his eyes. “In the future, you should just ask for
her name instead of accusing her of being in Strega.”
“Yeah, I kind of figured that out too late,” Junpei said. “I’ll bear that in mind for next time.”
Temperance Arcana: Rank 2

It seemed that inviting people to the movies was a surefire way to rank up social links, and it
was the easiest possible way to go about it. All Akechi had to do was sit in a dark theater for
a few hours and then have a vaguely interesting conversation with the person he was with.
Unfortunately, that day, Ikutsuki was literally the only person available. He sat contentedly in
the lounge, reading some stupid book on fashion. Was this seriously the man who blamed
Akechi for his own actions?
Akechi was not going to invite Ikutsuki to a movie. There was no way he would do that to
himself. As a matter of fact, Akechi wasn’t going to pursue ranking up this manipulative
asshole at all. Ikutsuki wasn’t worth his time.
“Oh, Akechi-kun,” Ikutsuki said, finally looking up from his book while Akechi deliberated.
“I didn’t see you there. How can I help you?”
Damnit. Well, if Akechi was going to make conversation with him, Akechi was going to be
as productive as possible about it. The sooner he increased Ikutsuki’s social link rank, the less
he’d have to speak to him later.
Akechi sat down on the sofa. “I had a question for you, actually,” Akechi said, thinking
frantically for a good question to ask. “Have you heard of the trolley problem?”
It was a cliché ethical question, but maybe it would be enough for the forces of the universe
to deem it worth a rank up.
Ikutsuki closed his book and put it down on the nearby table. “Ah yes, I have. A trolley is
approaching five people trapped on the track, but you can flip a switch and have the trolley
change the track and kill one person. That’s the one you’re thinking of?”

“The very same,” Akechi said.
“It’s an interesting dilemma, isn’t it?” Ikutsuki asked. “What would you do, Akechi-kun?”
Akechi had caused several real-world trains to crash and hit onlookers, which made this
entire debate an uncomfortable subject for him. Why did he even bring it up?
Back when killing Shido was all that mattered, it all felt like a necessary cost. Besides, it
wasn’t as though all of those people on the train weren’t also as corrupt as the rest of
humanity.
But Akechi wasn’t living that life anymore. What would he do if he was faced with the actual
trolley problem?
“I’d divert the train,” Akechi said. He knew it was the popular decision, but it was the only
one that made sense, even if it put that one person’s death in your hands. “If you watch the
five people die, you might as well have killed them. The needs of the many outweigh the
needs of the few.”
It was strange that Akechi used to think otherwise. That Shido’s death was more important
than the lives of hundreds, maybe even thousands of people. Had Akechi really been that
selfish?
Of course he had been. Would he do it again, if he were in the same position?
Akechi pushed those thoughts from his mind. If he thought about it any further, he might
actually feel sick.
“Understandable,” Ikutsuki said with a nod. “But consider. If you do nothing, the tragedy will
be even more pronounced. People will call for trolleys to be safer, which will lead to more
lives saved in the future.”
It was brutal. Ikutsuki didn’t care about the one person on the other track. He only cared
about a vague number of people in the future. And yet, Akechi could understand exactly
where he was coming from. Humanity was messed up. They didn’t care about issues unless
the issue was dramatic enough to make them care.
It was still an unsettling prospect.
“That’s an interesting approach,” Akechi said diplomatically. He stood up. If he stayed in this
conversation for much longer, he might continue to think about all of the people he had
actually killed for such petty reasons.
“Are you alright, Akechi-kun?” Ikutsuki said. “You look pale.”
“I’m fine, Ikutsuki-san,” Akechi said. “I think I just need some rest.”
Akechi returned to his room and stared at the goldfish Emiko had gifted him. She didn’t
know who Akechi really was. Taiyaki didn’t know that he was owned by a killer. Nobody
knew.

Somehow, that thought was almost as terrifying as the number of lives he ruined.
Devil Arcana: Rank 6

After his disturbing realization, Akechi almost didn’t do anything the next day. But doing
nothing would only make him more miserable, and the best thing he could do was to just
forget his disturbing thoughts to begin with.
And how better to forget than to waste half of his day watching movies?
Emiko had only just started her summer homework, and her father had forbidden her from
leaving the house until it was completed.
Ken was also still finishing off the last of his summer homework; he wasn’t the fastest
worker and had a bad habit of zoning out while trying to work. Seeing as summer was rapidly
coming to a close, Akechi didn’t want to disturb him.
Lately, Ken was more and more irritable. Akechi didn’t know if it was the homework that
was bothering him or something else entirely, but it was unsettling. Ken wasn’t the happiest
person in the world, but he never looked so stormy either.
“What’s going on?” Akechi asked him.
“Nothing,” Ken said, glowering. “Just this homework.”
“You look like someone told you your dog died,” Akechi said bluntly. “Are you sure it’s just
homework?”
“Yes,” Ken said snippily.
Akechi decided not to pry, lest he accidentally destroy his friendship.
Left with few other alternatives, and not wanting to spend another day trapped in the same
building as Ikutsuki, who was still hanging around for some damn reason–Akechi refused to
admit it likely had to do something with Akechi’s argument with him–Akechi was forced to
pull out his phone and text Shinjiro.
By some miracle, Shinjiro didn’t laugh in Akechi’s face or brush Akechi off. Instead, he
agreed to meet Akechi in front of the cinema within the hour.
As Akechi approached the movie theater, a flash of red and white stood out in his peripheral
vision. He looked in that direction, reminded of Junpei’s false alarm for seeing Chidori in this
very same station.
Akechi blinked. The real Chidori was sitting on the edge of a flower bed and drawing in a
sketchbook. She looked up at Akechi and gave him a deadpan stare.
Had Junpei actually met Chidori? If so, Akechi was going to kill him.

Akechi marched up to Chidori. “What the hell do you think you’re doing here?” he asked.
Chidori sniffed. “I’m drawing,” she said. “Move, you’re in my light.”
Akechi opened and closed his mouth, baffled by her audacity. “That’s what you’re choosing
to focus on right now?”
Chidori glared at Akechi. “What are you going to do, kill me in broad daylight?”
“I could stay here in your precious light until the Dark Hour, and then I could kill you,”
Akechi said. “How does that sound?”
“I would just move,” Chidori said. “And if you followed me, I could tell security you were
stalking me. And if even that didn’t deter you, Jin could always kill you as soon as the Dark
Hour fell.”
Akechi grit his teeth. “As if he could.”
He didn’t want to admit it, but Chidori was right. He had no power in this situation.
“Would you get out of the way now?” Chidori asked, ignoring Akechi’s last statement
entirely.
“Were you the one talking to Junpei the other day?”
“Junpei?” Chidori asked.
“Tall, wears a baseball cap, acts like he has no braincells?”
“It doesn’t ring a bell.”
Akechi inhaled deeply, turned around, and walked away. He was not going to get charged for
assault because Strega liked tormenting him. He’d just warn Junpei that if the girl he met was
using a sketchbook, it was almost definitely Chidori. If Junpei wasn’t a fool, which,
unfortunately, he had a bad habit of being, he would leave Chidori alone after that.
“What took you so long?” Shinjiro asked as Akechi finally met him at their agreed spot.
“I ran into unpleasant company,” Akechi said. “Come on, let’s just go.”
Shinjiro raised his eyebrows challengingly, but he followed Akechi into the theater without
complaint. Akechi was grateful.

“Okay, what the hell is going on with you?”
Ken gave him the most pathetic look imaginable. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
Akechi put his hands on his hips, not caring if he was acting extremely condescending.
“You’ve been doing nothing but sitting at this table for the past few days,” Akechi said.

“You’ve finished your homework, and you still look like your dog died. What’s going on?”
“Nothing’s going on,” Ken said, crossing his arms. “I’m just in a bad mood.”
“I’m always in a bad mood, and you don’t see me sulking all day,” Akechi said.
“Yeah, instead you just fly into rages and break our television,” Ken snapped. “Why can’t
you leave me alone?”
“I have left you alone.” Akechi wasn’t daunted by Ken’s insult. “For two days we’ve barely
exchanged any words at all. But enough is enough, either tell me what’s wrong or get off
your ass and do something with your life.”
“You don’t understand what’s going on,” Ken muttered. It turned out lecturing someone who
was in a bad mood didn’t improve the situation.
“I could try if you would talk to me.”
“You wouldn’t understand.”
“Try me.”
Ken said nothing, glaring at the wall as if it were the one that had caused Akechi to start
nagging him.
“Look, I’m not your boss,” Akechi sighed. “I’m not going to demand to know every little
part of your life. But if you’re not going to talk to me, can’t you at least stop moping? That
doesn’t accomplish anything.”
“I’m not moping,” Ken said sulkily. “I was brooding.”
“Cooler word, same definition,” Akechi said shortly. “I understand the desire to hate
everything and everyone, but sitting for days on end accomplishes nothing.”
“I guess you’re right,” Ken said reluctantly. He didn’t look away from the wall.
Akechi wondered if he had just made a terrible mistake, but he was too tired to care. The film
festival was ending soon, and Akechi would be damned if he didn’t at least attempt to rank
up all of his social links during that time. He had taken Mitsuru to a movie the day before,
and Ken or Emiko were his only options.
Besides, Akechi hadn’t forgotten the first time Ken had invited him to see a movie. Akechi
needed to even the score before he continued to feel like he owed Ken. “Now, I was going to
invite you to the movies, but I guess you don’t want to go.”
Ken looked up at Akechi hopefully. “You’d be paying?”
“Yes.”

Ken stood up, visibly brightening. He still looked like he’d rather be brooding at his table,
but at least he wasn’t glaring at Akechi anymore. “I suppose I could use a distraction.”
“I knew you’d understand,” Akechi said dryly, hiding his relief.
Upon watching the movie, Akechi wished that Ken had been a bit more stubborn and refused
to come. Then, Akechi wouldn’t have had to watch this utter dumpster fire of a movie.
Between bad acting, poor camera work, and horrendous writing, Akechi would have been
better served staring at a blank television screen all day than to watch this travesty.
The worst part of all was the villain, who was some shortsighted fool who was willing to
destroy everything in his path just to kill some other antagonist. The movie depicted the
villain as some tragic hero who had just lost his way, instead of the heartless monster that he
really was. His death wasn’t some noble sacrifice. It was just a cowardly way to avoid the
consequences of his actions.
Needless to say, Akechi came out of that movie so angry that he wanted to punch the wall.
He would have too if it weren’t for Ken’s presence beside him.
“Are you okay?” Ken asked. “You look a little sick.”
Akechi wasn’t sick. He was absolutely furious, which is why it felt like his lungs were
closing in on him.
Akechi needed to pull himself together.
“I think I need to use the restroom,” Akechi said. “Give me a moment.”
Akechi entered the public restrooms, entered a stall, and had a silent panic attack.
Akechi wasn’t sure how long he sat on the toilet lid, trying to get his breathing under control.
He couldn’t let Ken see him like this. He had to get it together. Why was a stupid movie of all
things making him behave like this?
Had the Phantom Thieves seen him like that? Some tragic character to be pitied? Is that why
Akira wanted him to return to life? Because he thought Akechi had changed? Hadn’t he
realized that Akechi was no different than he was before? Just because his goals shifted
slightly, it didn’t mean that he wasn’t the same heartless–
“Goro?” Ken’s voice echoed from outside the stall. It sounded far away from the panic inside
Akechi’s own head. “Are you okay?”
“I’m fine,” Akechi said, his voice sounding grating against his own ears. “I’ll be out in a
minute.”
“Okay…” Ken sounded doubtful, and Akechi covered his face with his hands. He couldn’t be
like this. He had to calm down.
Eventually, Akechi managed to take enough deep breaths that he felt as though he had
returned to reality. He exited his stall and washed his hands and face. The cold water

grounded him even more, and Akechi took a deep breath. He was fine.
His young, baby-faced reflection stared back at him. Even after months, it still looked wrong.
This wasn’t him. This face belonged to a shadow who had died long before Akechi sold his
soul to Shido.
Akechi’s hands shook, and he splashed more water furiously on his face. He dried it with a
coarse paper towel, scrubbing his face harder and more painfully than was probably
necessary.
He was fine.
Akechi stepped outside of the bathroom, where Ken was anxiously waiting.
“Sorry for taking so long,” Akechi said, putting on one of his winning smiles. “I hope I didn’t
make you too worried.”
“Um, it’s fine,” Ken said, still looking extremely concerned. “Are you alright? You didn’t
sound very good in there.”
“It must’ve been something I ate,” Akechi said with an amused tone. “We should probably
head back.”
“Yeah…”
As they walked back to the dorms, Ken continued to give Akechi concerned glances. Akechi
needed to divert his attention before he started asking more concerned questions.
“Did you like the movie?” Akechi asked.
“Um, it was fine,” Ken said. Akechi couldn’t blame him for his noncommittal response. The
movie had truly been mediocre at best. “I thought the villain character was kind of dumb,
though. I mean, he only wanted to get revenge on one guy. Why’d he bother killing all those
other people? How does that make him any better than the guy he wants revenge on?”
Akechi felt a strange sort of weariness come over him, but he let indignation rise in its stead.
Of course, Ken wouldn’t understand how it felt to feel trapped in a corner, only able to finish
what he started.
Then again, it wasn’t as though Ken was wrong. It was petty selfishness. Akechi had known
that for years. He’d only realized recently how foolish he’d been.
“You’re right, Amada-kun.” Ken made a startled noise. Akechi hastened to correct himself.
“Sorry. Ken-kun.”
“That’s alright,” Ken said. “Anyway, if I were that villain, I’d just have found a way to
privately kill the guy without any unnecessary bloodshed.”
How simple Ken made it all seem. Of course, it was always easier to make assumptions when
a situation was purely hypothetical. If Akechi wanted to avoid suspicion, he should play

along.
“Doing it at night would be a wise decision,” Akechi said. “And somewhere private. You’d
have to do it in such a way that any evidence of the crime wasn’t traced back to you.”
Ken hummed. “Yeah.” He looked subdued for a moment before his expression brightened.
“That reminds me of this episode of Featherman R the other day, the villain…”
Justice Arcana: Rank 5

Junpei knew what Akechi told him. That Chiho chick was probably Chidori, and Junpei had
probably been played like a fiddle. Admittedly, Junpei could admit to a weakness when it
came to beautiful women. But he wasn’t completely stupid! He’d talk to Chiho and find out
the truth for himself, regardless of what stupid Akechi said.
Assuming Junpei ever saw her again.
Fortunately for him, Junpei was having yet another existential crisis at Port Island Station–
was he seriously going to be a third-year in just a few semesters?--when he spotted Chiho
sitting at the same place Junpei saw her last time. She was still drawing in that sketchbook
too, looking completely unbothered by the idea that Junpei might have found out her identity
for real this time.
Junpei approached her cautiously. He’d have to be stealthy and subtle; none of this direct
questioning crap like last time. That was how he fell right into her trap.
“You again?” Chiho asked, giving him an unimpressed look.
She was probably trying to intimidate Junpei. Well, she was in for a surprise. Junpei had seen
many deadpan stares from Yuka-tan. And neither girls’ glares compared to Akechi’s angry
glower.
Seriously, how did an eleven-year-old manage to inspire the fear of death in Junpei?
“Oh, I’m surprised you remember me,” Junpei said, not letting his overconfidence show. That
would be impolite, and it would indicate that Junpei was wise to her scheme.
“I could say the same,” Chiho said, returning to her drawing. It didn’t look like much, just a
violent collection of scribbles, but Junpei wasn’t exactly an art person. Mitsuru would
probably be able to recognize the deep meaning in Chiho’s piece right away.
“Well, you’re pretty recognizable, with that dress, I mean.” Junpei chuckled nervously.
“Funny story, actually. My friend, um, he can remain nameless right now, actually. He insists
that this girl he hates has a sketchbook too. Weird coincidence, huh?”
Chiho’s unimpressed stare grew even more unimpressed. “Are you still accusing me of being
in Sega?”

“It’s Strega, and no! Of course, not. That would be rude.”
“Then, why are you here?”
“Well…” Think, Junpei! “I wanted to see what you were drawing! Yeah.”
“It’s not finished yet,” Chiho said. “I doubt you would understand it anyway.”
“Oh yeah?” Junpei asked. “I think that’s kind of cool, actually. It’s like having some sort of
secret language all to yourself. Except its art. Obviously.”
Chiho tilted her head, giving Junpei a slightly less annoyed expression. It looked more
calculating than anything else.
“I’ve never thought of it that way before,” she said.
“Maybe you could let me in on the secret?” Junpei asked. “After you’re done.”
Chiho didn’t say anything and just continued with her art. Junpei decided that he should leave
before she became suspicious of his sticking around.
She definitely didn’t seem like those other members of Strega. Takaya and Jin had been
scary, waving weapons around like they enjoyed hurting people. Chiho was just minding her
own business drawing.
Maybe Akechi was wrong. Maybe Chiho really was just some ordinary girl who liked to
dress in frilly white dresses. Sure, she was cold, but nothing about her seemed evil.
Junpei would keep investigating. In spite of what Yukari liked to say, he really was an ace
detective.

“Thank you for inviting me to this movie!” Emiko said cheerfully as they met up in front of
the theater.
The film festival was almost over, and Akechi was relieved that he could pause on social
gatherings after this one. While watching movies were (usually) a very relaxing social
activity, Akechi was tired of all of this inviting people to places. It wasn’t exactly his strong
suit.
“Think of it as a reward for finishing all of your summer homework in time,” Akechi said.
“I’m so embarrassed that I procrastinated on it for so long,” Emiko said mournfully as they
entered the building. “I bet you got it all done right away.”
“It doesn’t matter when it gets completed as long as it does get completed,” Akechi said.
“Besides, Ken procrastinated too. And a few high school students I know are still working on
theirs. Procrastination is perfectly normal.”

“Yeah?” Emiko perked up. “I guess that makes sense. Nobody likes homework.”
“Although, it isn’t the most advisable practice,” Akechi said. “Maybe avoid it if you can.”
“I’ll try to do better,” Emiko said. “Come on, we need to get some good seats.”
The movie was about a bunch of puppies that helped to save the world. It was a lucky
outcome for Emiko, who absolutely adored anything to do with cute animals. Akechi
personally thought the plot to be ridiculous and contrived, but Emiko seemed to enjoy it.
When they came out of the movie theater, Emiko was practically bouncing as she walked.
“I wish I could have a bunch of puppies that helped save the day when I was in trouble,”
Emiko said. “How cool would that be?”
“I’m not sure I would trust puppies with my life.”
“What if they had superpowers?” Emiko asked.
“Still wouldn’t trust them.” Although, come to think of it, on a subconscious level, Akechi
trusted Koromaru with his life in battle. But Koromaru was a full-grown dog. Not a bunch of
excitable puppies.
Emiko continued playing out her fantasy, her eyes sparkling. “And then, I could take the
puppies to the movie theater and show them this movie.”
“You can’t bring dogs into the movie theater,” Akechi said. “My friend tried with our dog and
failed.”
It was true. Minato had attempted to take Koromaru to the film festival the other day. He and
Koromaru returned to the dorms with dejected expressions. The staff had kicked them out.
“Boo,” Emiko said. “Stop raining on my daydream.”
“Sorry,” Akechi said.
“Well, it’s not like I’ll be allowed to have ten puppies anyway,” Emiko said. She hummed to
herself. “Do you think cats are allowed in the movie theater? I bet Momo would like to watch
a movie on the big screen.”
“Somehow, I doubt that cats are allowed either.”
“What about fish?” Emiko smiled triumphantly. “They’re small, so you could sneak them
in… but the tank is kind of big. Never mind.” She sighed in defeat. “I guess I’ll have to
satisfy myself with Momo watching movies on the normal tv.”
“I think you’ll both live.”
Emiko nodded as they continued walking. “Wait a minute,” she said, her eyes widening. “Did
you say you had a dog?”

“In a manner of speaking, yes,” Akechi said. Akechi didn’t really think he owned Koromaru,
but he assisted in taking care of him.
“Is he cute?”
Akechi was not the person to ask that sort of question, but Yamagishi certainly thought
Koromaru was cute.
“Apparently.”
“Can I come over sometime and see him?” Emiko asked, looking excited. “I’ve always
wanted a dog.”
Akechi had a feeling that Emiko was going to live in a home with every pet imaginable when
she became an adult. Not that it was a bad thing. If she managed all of that without passing
out, Akechi would actually be quite impressed.
But Akechi still didn’t want Emiko to know that he and Ken lived in a high school dorm.
“I can take him to the park and meet you there,” Akechi said as a compromise.
Emiko brightened. “It’s a promise.”
Strength Arcana: Rank 5

On the last day of summer vacation, Junpei made his move.
“So, we meet again,” Junpei said, trying to sound as casual as possible.
Chiho glared at him. “Only because you keep coming back.”
She finished her picture, which was still mostly indistinguishable. She then closed her
sketchbook and stood up. Junpei almost let her walk away; he didn’t want to follow her
around like some creep. But he saw blood, kind of a lot of it, dripping down her arm.
“Hey, wait! Your hand…”
Chiho continued to walk away, as if she didn’t hear him. Junpei might’ve panicked a little bit.
That much blood was no joke.
“Didn’t you hear me?” he asked, raising his voice. He grabbed Chiho’s arm. “You’re hurt!”
Chiho yanked her arm from Junpei’s grasp, turning toward him with a frustrated glare. “Why
don’t you just mind your own business?”
“Mind my own business?” Did most people mind their own business when someone was
seriously injured? If so, most people were the worst. “You’re bleeding for crying out loud.”
“It’ll heal,” Chiho said.

Junpei pulled a roll of gauze from his pocket. He always kept it handy in case they didn’t
have enough healing supplies at Tartarus.
“Let me see your hand,” Junpei said, not really asking. He took Chiho’s hand and began
wrapping it with the gauze. The cut looked quite deep. How did that even happen? Was it a
really bad papercut?
When he was done wrapping her hand, he frowned. “That should probably help stop the
bleeding for now. You should probably see a doctor, though. Do you want me to come with
you?”
“You’re helping me, even though I’m your enemy?” Chiho asked, staring at her wrapped
hand like it was some sort of alien artifact.
Junpei’s eyes widened. “You mean… you are with Strega?”
“That’s certainly what you seem to think. That’s why you keep coming back, isn’t it?”
“Well, I, um…” Junpei sighed. “I don’t want to accuse you falsely, but my friend Akechi has
dealt with these Strega guys before. He wouldn’t lie. If he thinks you’re actually Chidori,
then I want to believe him. But if you’re not, I’d feel really bad about accusing you, you
know?”
Chiho, or maybe Chidori, looked up from her gauzed hand with a puzzled expression.
“You’re weird,” she said.
“What?”
Chiho began walking away again. “If you would like to see my finished picture, you know
where to find me. I might even give you a hint to its meaning.”
With those cryptic words, Chiho walked away, leaving Junpei to feel really confused. And
flattered?
This detective work was harder than it seemed.

Akechi was almost relieved when the first day of school came around. As nice as it was to
bask in not having to go to work, spy on the Phantom Thieves, and kill people was, Akechi
was languishing in the sheer amount of free time from summer vacation. He was ready to
return to a semi-regular schedule.
All of his classmates disagreed on this point entirely.
“I can’t believe summer vacation is already over,” Emiko said as they sat down. “I had such a
fun vacation.”

“At the beach?” Akechi asked dryly. He stared at the chalkboard and prepared himself for
another lecture about things he already knew.
“And with you guys!” she said. “The festival was really fun. Is Taiyaki doing okay?”
“He’s alive, if that’s what you’re asking.”
“That was not what I was asking,” Emiko said. She leaned away from Akechi with a
scandalized expression. “Have you been feeding him every day? Does he look healthy? Is his
water clean?”
Akechi nodded. “Taiyaki is well-cared for.”
“Does he like the castle?”
“He loves the castle.” The fish was constantly swimming in and out of the fake structure.
Akechi was half convinced that Taiyaki thought he was the king of his tiny kingdom. Of
course, there were no subjects, but Akechi hadn’t bothered to tell the fish that.
“That’s a relief,” Emiko said. She didn’t get to say anything more as their teacher finally
came up to the front and began class.
When Akechi and Ken returned from school, they found the others gathered around Aigis,
who was wearing a school uniform. It didn’t exactly take a genius to guess what that meant.
“Aigis is going to school?” Akechi asked the group dryly.
“Yep!” Yukari said. “Doesn’t she look cute?”
Aigis turned toward Akechi, but she gave Yukari a look of misgiving. “I do not wish to look
cute. I wish to assimilate with the rest of the student body.”
“That might be tricky,” Akihiko said.
“Is my disguise not adequate?”
“No, your disguise is great, Aigis-chan,” Yamagishi said. “You just talk a little differently
than most people, that’s all. I’m sure it won’t be too noticeable.”
“Perhaps I should use more of that slang Junpei’s been teaching me,” Aigis said. She
hummed thoughtfully. “This outfit is the shit.”
Akihiko and Minato chortled.
“Um… that’s probably not the best idea,” Junpei said, looking embarrassed. “Just be
yourself! Most of the guys won’t be paying attention to what you say anyway.”
“Ugh, what’s that supposed to mean?” Yukari asked, even though she knew exactly what
Junpei meant.

“Why are you going to school?” Ken asked.
“A joke that spiraled out of control,” Yukari said. “Ikutsuki-san thought it was a good idea,
and so here we are. Something about wanting to observe her in a social environment.”
“If I do not synchronize my schedules with the rest of you, it might delay deployment,” Aigis
said much more practically.
“That much makes sense,” Akechi said, although Akechi had a sneaking suspicion Aigis was
also motivated by her obsessive need to protect Minato. The other night, when he was trying
to get some air after a particularly bad nightmare, Akechi spotted Aigis sneaking into
Minato’s bedroom. When Akechi caught her in the act, she apologized and went back to the
third floor, but Akechi was certain that she returned to Minato’s room after Akechi had gone
back to sleep.
“Tell me how it goes,” Akechi said. “I’m going on my run.”
“Tartarus tonight,” Minato said from the corner of the room.
Akechi nodded. “Got it.”

Tartarus was about as eventful as it always was. Akechi started to go back to the Velvet
Room again, which meant his other personas were catching up to Loki and Robin in power.
Hereward was getting more restless, likely feeling neglected from Akechi’s refusal to use
him.
“Why do you not use the most powerful persona in your arsenal?” Theodore had asked him.
“Bad memories,” Akechi said bluntly.
“You mean good memories,” Elizabeth said, looking simultaneously puzzled and amused.
“Good memories hurt you?”
“You wouldn’t understand,” Akechi said.
“I think that’s rather presumptuous of you.”
Theodore looked intrigued at the concept himself, and Akechi rolled his eyes. “How would
you feel if Minato died?”
“Simple,” Elizabeth said. “I would bring him back.”
Akechi sputtered, flabbergasted. “You would what?”
“I would rewind time and bring him back to life,” Elizabeth said. “Is that meant to be a hard
question?”

“You can do that?” Akechi demanded, half-furious, half confused out of his mind. “Is that
why I’m here?”
Elizabeth scowled, clearly offended, and Igor raised a silencing hand.
“The Velvet Room played no role in your unexpected appearance,” Igor said.
“But you know who did it?” Akechi asked. “Did it have to do with that drawing I gave
Elizabeth?”
Igor tilted his head, drumming his fingers against the table. “All will be revealed in time.”
Akechi took a deep, not very calming breath in order to restrain himself from grabbing Igor
by the nose and slamming his head into the table.
“We do not abuse our power and rewind time when a guest dies,” Theodore said sternly. His
voice was harder than Akechi had ever heard it. “Elizabeth is speaking nonsense.”
“Just because you never saved your attendant–”
“That is enough,” Igor said. “The fate of our guests lies in his own hands. We do not
interfere. We only aid him on his journey.”
“Fine, I’ll drop it,” Elizabeth said. “But I still want to know about good memories hurting.”
“Fine.” Akechi brought a hand to his forehead, as though that would stop his oncoming
headache. “Pretend Minato died, and you can’t bring him back to life. How would you feel?”
“Extremely irritated,” Elizabeth said.
“That works.” Akechi felt much the same a good amount of the time. “So how would you
feel if you thought about Minato?”
Elizabeth’s eyes widened with understanding. “I see,” she said. “The good memories upset
you because you cannot have more of them.”
Akechi grit his teeth. “Yes.”
“Perhaps it’s best that you focus on the feelings you felt when you first had that memory,”
Theodore offered. “I’m often sad that our master won’t install escalators in the Velvet Room,
but I just focus on the joy I felt when I rode them.”
“That is not remotely the same thing,” Elizabeth said.
“It wouldn’t work anyway,” Akechi said. “I wasn’t actually happy at the time.”
Although, he felt relieved. Relieved that Akira wasn’t going to be a fool and accept the fake
reality Akechi was trapped in. Relieved that he wasn’t going to be twisted into someone he
was not.

But sad. And angry. Because none of this was right or fair, if Akechi could even speak for
those two things, and he wanted nothing more than to rip Maruki’s metaphorical (and maybe
literal) heart right from his chest.
“But it was a good memory?” Theodore asked.
“Elizabeth was the one to say it was a good memory, not me,” Akechi said.
“But you didn’t argue,” Theodore said.
“Well, it had its moments,” Akechi admitted begrudgingly. He scowled. “I don’t want to talk
about this right now.”
“Human emotions are complicated,” Theodore decided.
“That’s what makes them so fascinating,” Elizabeth said.
“Can you fuse these personas or not?” Akechi asked Igor, electing to ignore the other two.
Judgement Arcana: Rank 4

Chapter End Notes

Akechi: im gonna keep talking to takaya but its for the Investigation
Junpei: im gonna keep talking to chidori but its for the Investigation
Akechi: what a dumbass
at least Junpei's catching up to Shido's social link LOL
In the spirit of Thanksgiving in the USA, I am So grateful for all y'all reading and
enjoying. Please be nice in the comments! <3

Chapter 23: September 1–6, 2009
Chapter Summary

welp this is a long one
rip

Chapter Notes

tw: torture, violence, injury, referenced child neglect/abuse, self destructive behavior

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Ken used a spear with a good amount of proficiency.
Akechi could only assume that he had been practicing when no one else was in the lounge, or
maybe he practiced in his bedroom. Come to think of it, Ken had made a point to not let
Akechi see the inside of his room. Was it covered in spear marks and broken furniture? It
wasn’t exactly a small weapon.
Ken’s persona was also quite powerful. Akechi could see why Ikutsuki was so insistent on his
value to the team. He quickly became an extremely valuable asset.
That didn’t stop Akechi from roiling with rage on the inside when he saw Ken almost get
killed by a particularly powerful enemy. Ken shouldn’t be out there. And although the others
were keeping a closer eye on protecting Ken than they might for anyone else, Akechi had a
sinking feeling Akechi had played a role in desensitizing them to the idea of elementary
schoolers fighting in battle.
Akechi knew what he was doing. Ken did not.
By the time they reached the next barrier in Tartarus, Akechi wanted nothing more than to
collapse. The enemies were certainly getting stronger, and they had almost exhausted the
entire hour to get to this point.
“What does the next old document say?” Mitsuru asked as Minato opened a familiar looking
chest.
“Don’t you trust your father?” Akechi asked. “Why haven’t you asked him about them yet?”

“I have,” Mitsuru said. “But he doesn’t recognize the handwriting, and the contents are vague
enough that they could belong to just about anybody.”
Minato peered at the sheet of paper and read, “I wanted to be with him, so I joined. What a
mistake... We shouldn't be experimenting with these 'Shadows'...”
“The author was right about one thing,” Yukari said.
“What is it?” Ken asked, staring at the old piece of paper in Minato’s hands with a look of
confusion.
“We find these old documents at each barrier,” Junpei explained. “If you put them together it
kind of makes a story about this researcher who joined the Kirijo group to research shadows.
Seems they regret it, though…”
“Of course, they do,” Akechi snapped. “Anybody with common sense would know that
cognitive pscience and shadows are too dangerous to be meddled with. It’ll just get you
burnt.”
“Cognitive science?” Junpei asked. “What the hell is that?”
“Cognitive pscience,” Mitsuru corrected.
“That’s what I said!”
“It’s spelled differently,” Akechi explained.
“And?” Junpei demanded, flabbergasted.
Mitsuru smiled amusedly. “It’s a new branch of science that has to do with researching the
causes of cases such as apathy syndrome. It’s highly theoretical, though, and not very well
known. I’m surprised you knew about it, Akechi.”
“They brought it up on the news recently,” Akechi lied. “I was interested.”
“Weird,” Ken said, looking extremely interested himself. “There have been more and more
Lost in the city lately. I guess it makes sense that people would research apathy syndrome.”
“More and more people are calling for a cure too,” Yukari said. “I hope things don’t get too
heated.”
“If we do our job, apathy syndrome should go away with the Dark Hour,” Mitsuru said.
Akechi still wasn’t comfortable with how many ‘ifs’ were involved in their plan.

The next day, Akechi and Ken returned home from school to see Akihiko dragging Minato
out of the dorms.

“Where are you going?” Ken asked the two. They were already multiple meters ahead of
them; Akihiko was walking at an alarming pace.
“We’ll be back?” Minato said hesitantly.
Akechi and Ken watched them go before heading inside to complete their homework. It was
still extremely easy, but Akechi mostly helped Ken with the newer math concepts. Ken was
having a harder time focusing than usual.
“You’re distracted,” Akechi said after he had to explain the same math concept three times.
“Yeah…” Ken frowned. “Sorry. I’ll try to do better.”
Akechi put his pencil down and bit back a weary sigh. “Do you want to talk about it?”
“Not really.” Ken stared down at his empty notebook page with a scowl. His shoulders
suddenly slumped. “I don’t understand. My mom was good at math. Why can’t I get any of
this?”
“It takes time.”
“Maybe I got it from my dad,” Ken said. “Maybe I got his crappy math genes from his
crappy face.”
Akechi wasn’t sure how to respond to that in a socially acceptable manner. “I’m sure that
your ability to do math is all your own.”
“Can I tell you a secret?” Ken asked quietly.
“About math?”
Ken glared at him. “No, about… well, I guess it’s sort of about the math. But not really.”
Akechi frowned. “What is it?”
“So much of me comes from my old man,” Ken said. “Whoever the hell he is. And I don't
even know which parts. Mom never talked about him. I don’t even know his name. I don’t
want anything to do with him, but it… frustrates me.”
Akechi wished he had the same luxury Ken had. Maybe his life would have turned out
differently if he had never discovered Shido’s identity.
“I understand how you feel,” Akechi said quietly. “When I was younger, I didn’t know the
identity of my father either.”
That wasn’t to say Akechi’s mother had never talked about Shido. She talked about him
often. Just never by name.
Ken smiled grimly. “That’s fathers for you.”

Akechi opened his mouth to give a commiserating reply when the doors to the dorm burst
open.
Minato entered first, wearing a slightly puzzled expression. Akihiko and Shinjiro followed
him inside.
For a moment, Akechi wasn’t sure if he was suffering from visual hallucinations. That feeling
was completely discarded as soon as Ken made a noise of surprise.
“Hey guys,” Akihiko said as Shinjiro looked away from the two of them. “This is our new
member. His name is Shinji.”
“It’s actually Aragaki Shinjiro, but who’s counting,” Shinjiro muttered.
Ken stood up. “Nice to meet you,” he said, but he didn’t sound thrilled. He turned to Akechi.
“I think I understand my homework; I’ll finish it myself.”
He picked up all of his books, including one of Akechi’s notebooks, and marched up the
stairs without another word.
Akechi would just ask for his notebook to be returned later; he had a feeling that Ken
wouldn’t respond well to any human interaction. But what could have warranted that
reaction? Did Ken already know Shinjiro? Or was it something else entirely?
Shinjiro didn’t say anything, but his expression became even more agitated. Akihiko also
looked unsettled by the exchange.
“It’s good to see that you’re finally getting off your ass,” Akechi said.
“You know him?” Minato asked.
“Long story,” Shinjiro said. “And don’t be too impressed. Aki shoved my evoker in my hands
and told me to come back.”
“It’s better than you moping around,” Akihiko said. “And I didn’t force you to do anything.
You came of your own free will.”
Akechi glanced at Minato, hoping he’d reveal the truth of the situation. Minato just shrugged.
“I watched,” he said.
That was unsurprising. Akechi was more surprised that Akihiko bothered to bring him along.
“Well, it’s good to see you,” Akechi said to Shinjiro. “If you’ll excuse me, I need to get my
notebook back from Ken.”
Ken had unfortunately taken a notebook Akechi needed to finish off the last of his
homework.

Shinjiro just nodded as Akechi marched up the stairs. He stopped in front of Ken’s bedroom,
which was directly across from his own, and knocked.
“Ken-kun?” Akechi asked. “Are you okay in there?”
“I’m fine,” Ken said in a sulky tone of voice that meant he was not fine at all.
“I’m willing to listen if anything happened,” Akechi said. “Is it something I did?”
Akechi highly doubted it was anything he did, but Akechi believed in the power of covering
all his bases.
“No,” Ken said. “I’m fine.”
Very fine. Totally fine. Ken was so fine that he couldn’t be bothered to sound happy about it.
“If you say so,” Akechi said doubtfully. “I don’t want to bother you, but you have one of my
notebooks.”
The sound of shuffling. “Oh, crap!” Ken said. The door swung open, and he held out the
book for Akechi. The skin around his eyes looked a little red, but otherwise, he looked fine.
“Are you sure you don’t want to talk about it?” Akechi asked. He didn’t want Ken’s mood to
impair the general performance and morale of the rest of the party. Besides, the walks to and
from school were extremely awkward when Ken was unhappy.
Ken thrust the notebook into Akechi’s hand and slammed the door shut in response.
Akechi took that as a no.
Justice Arcana: Rank 6

The next day, Ken seemed to be more or less in control of his emotions. At the very least, he
was cheerful as everyone ate breakfast. However, Shinjiro likely contributed to this
cheerfulness, seeing as he cooked for everyone.
Akechi had been sitting in the lounge, eating a protein bar about an hour before everyone else
woke up. Shinjiro walked down the stairs about ten minutes later. He opened the fridge
before making a small noise of disgust.
“This fridge is a travesty,” he told Akechi. “Why is it full of frozen meals?”
“Because none of us can cook,” Akechi said bluntly.
Shinjiro looked up from the fridge and gave Akechi a blank look. “There are like eight of
you, and none of you know how to cook?” Shinjiro asked in a deadpan tone.

“There’s actually ten of us, barring yourself,” Akechi said. “And none of us know how to
cook.”
Shinjiro made another noise of disbelief. “What have you all been eating this entire time?”
“Frozen meals, sandwiches, protein bars,” Akechi held up his protein bar for emphasis.
“Yamagishi tries to cook on occasion, but she’s not what anyone would call proficient.”
“That’s just sad.” Shinjiro pulled some eggs out of the fridge and found a pan. “When do the
others wake up?”
“In about thirty minutes,” Akechi said. He rolled his eyes as Shinjiro’s eyes darted to the
clock on the wall. “I forgot that your ability to cook is top secret information to you.”
“Well, I want to fit in, don’t I?” Shinjiro’s voice was extremely disgruntled as he turned the
burner on. “If you guys want to eat processed foods all day, be my guest.”
Shinjiro made an omelet extremely proficiently and quickly, and he was already half-way
through his plate when Junpei came marching down the stairs.
“Oh man, something smells delicious,” Junpei said. He stared at Shinjiro’s half-eaten eggs.
“You made an omelet, for real?”
“It’s mine,” Shinjiro said, taking another bite. The high-pitched noise that came from Junpei’s
throat sounded like a dying cat. “Make your own.”
“Every time I try to make an omelet, it just comes out to be this charred or runny mess,”
Junpei complained.
“Then get better.”
Junpei put his hands together in a begging position and bowed. “Come on man, please, make
me an omelet just this once. I’ll never ask it of you again. I promise.”
“Don’t trust him,” Akechi said.
“No, don’t trust stupid Akechi,” Junpei hastened to say. “He might act nice on the outside,
but he’s brutal. Please, I need real food for once.”
Shinjiro put his chopsticks down with a defeated sigh. “Fine. Just this once.”
Naturally, Shinjiro was half-way through making Junpei his omelet when Mitsuru came
down. Without even waiting for her to ask, Shinjiro started making her an omelet. By the
time everyone was downstairs, the egg carton was empty, and everybody apart from Aigis,
Koromaru, and Akechi were eating omelets as though they had never eaten food before.
“I didn’t realize you could cook so well,” Yamagishi said, a hint of envy in her voice. “But,
then again, I guess we just met.”
“This is just a one-time thing,” Shinjiro said. “And I’m not buying more eggs.”

Ken ate the eggs very happily. “Thank you, Aragaki-senpai,” he said. “Sorry for my rudeness
yesterday. I got a very bad stomachache.”
“A stomachache?” Akechi asked, knowing a lie when he heard one.
Ken nodded as he swallowed. “Remember what I said about drinking milk from the carton?”
“Yes…” Akechi said, not liking where this was going.
“I’m a little lactose intolerant, so sometimes my stomach gets angry with me,” Ken said. He
smiled guiltily. “But milk helps me get stronger, so it’s not a big deal.”
Akechi and Yukari both wore appalled expressions.
“Come again?” Akechi asked, wondering if he had misheard.
“You drink gallons of milk, and you’re lactose intolerant?” Yukari asked. “Are you serious?”
“It’s good for your bones, isn’t it?” Ken asked.
“Yeah, but not if you’re lactose intolerant!” Akechi said. “How did you think making
yourself sick every day was a good idea?”
“Um, we go to Tartarus and almost die, and we get stronger then,” Ken pointed out. “This is
basically the same thing.”
“I don’t really think that’s true,” Yukari said.
“Eat protein or something,” Akechi said. “Go on runs with me. Don’t drink milk.”
“Oh,” Ken said. “That’s not actually a bad idea. Hm. I’ll consider it.”
“If I see you come out of the grocery store with milk, I am going to take that milk and throw
it into the dumpster,” Akechi threatened.
He had a feeling that Ken’s stomachaches weren’t the only reason Ken had been sulking
lately, but they certainly must have contributed. Hopefully, Ken would remain in a better
mood when he developed healthier eating habits.
“I just don’t think it’s as big of a deal as you’re making it out to be,” Ken said.
“I don’t think I’m making a big enough deal out of it,” Akechi said, putting his head in his
hands.
At Akechi’s request, Akihiko provided Ken with protein powder he could use. Ken
reluctantly allowed Akechi to raid his bedroom and remove all traces of milk cartons. There
were so many of them that Akechi almost got indigestion at thinking about what Ken put
himself through just to get stronger.
Not even Sakamoto would be this brainless.

For some odd reason, Akechi felt a pang in his chest. Akechi pushed that feeling away and
brought his bag of milk cartons down to the recycling.

Junpei was a little down in the dumps.
He came downstairs for breakfast, ready for yet another omelet extravaganza, but instead he
was greeted with ordinary fridge food and cereal. Apparently, nobody bought more eggs
since yesterday, and Shinjiro wasn’t interested in being everyone’s private chef. Junpei found
this extremely disappointing, but he went to school with grace.
School was as boring as it always was. They were barely four days into the semester, and
Junpei wanted nothing more than for winter vacation to come.
“Oh summer,” Junpei lamented as he walked through Port Island Station. “Why did you have
to leave so soon?”
“You’re taking up poetry now?” Chiho asked.
Junpei jumped with a surprised yelp. He hadn’t even thought to see if Chiho was still around,
but, sure enough, she was sitting at the same place she always was, drawing in her
sketchbook.
“Um, no,” Junpei said, embarrassed Chiho had to hear that terrible display. “I was just…
thinking out loud.”
“Of course,” Chiho said with a nod. “How could I think any differently?”
“Um, how’s your hand?” Junpei asked. The cut had been pretty deep earlier, so there still had
to at least be a mark.
Chiho held up her hand; her skin was completely unmarred. Junpei’s eyes widened, and
confusion began to fry his few remaining brain cells. There definitely was a really bad cut
there before! What happened?
Alright, stay calm, Junpei. Stay cool.
“How did it heal so quickly?!” Junpei’s voice cracked, his alarm was so great. So much for
playing it cool.
Chiho didn’t seem to notice.
“I guess I just have a strong immune system.” Chiho let her arm fall to her side as she
continued to draw. She hadn’t told Junpei to leave yet, so he watched. It really did look like a
bunch of scribbles, but if Junpei tilted his head, one of the scribbles looked like a tree.
“Hey, Junpei,” Chiho said, looking up at him. “What makes you feel alive?”

That was a strange question. “Um, breathing, I guess.” As soon as he said it, Junpei knew it
was wrong. What sort of answer was that? Breathing? Junpei didn’t even think about
breathing most of the time! “You know, I’ve never really thought about it before.”
“Hm.”
“What about you, Chiho-san?” Junpei asked. “Is that why you draw?”
Chiho stared at her paper with a small tilt of her head. “Maybe. I don’t even know what I’m
drawing, though. I don’t understand myself very well.”
“Well, maybe I can help you figure it out,” Junpei said. He pointed to one of the scribbles he
had identified earlier. “That one looks kind of like a tree. Oh! And that one looks like, like,
um… a weird monster!”
The scribble really looked like one of the big shadows they fought at Tartarus, but Chiho
wouldn’t know about that. Well, unless Chiho was really Chidori, which was looking pretty
likely. Still, it was better safe than sorry.
“You think my art is of a weird monster and a tree?” Chiho asked.
“Well, no…” Junpei frowned. “But you know, that gives me an idea. Of what really makes
me feel alive.”
“And what’s that?”
“When I get to play the hero,” Junpei said. It was a childish thing, but Chiho probably
wouldn’t care. “In the darkest hour, our hero Junpei has to fight to save the world from ruin!”
Junpei chuckled. “How does that sound?”
Chiho didn’t laugh. “Would you be the leader?” she asked with a small tilt of her head. “In
your fantasy?”
“Oh, um, I don’t know about that,” Junpei said, rubbing the back of his neck sheepishly. “I
mean, being the leader would be really cool, but…”
A sudden thought occurred to him. If Chiho really was Chidori, maybe she was trying to get
information from Junpei about SEES. Ugh, how could Junpei be so stupid?! He shouldn’t
have clued Chiho into the fact that he was with SEES at all! And now she was staring at him
all inquisitively with those dastardly beautiful brown eyes….
Focus! This situation could still be salvaged. Junpei would just feed Chidori with false
information.
“I would be a leader,” Junpei decided. He might as well make things wildly untrue for her.
“The other leader would be a kid wonder, and a dog that has his commands translated by a
robot heroine. Together, we would make the triple triad!”
“The triple triad.” This time, there was a hint of amusement in Chiho’s voice. “But which of
you gives commands?”

“We would take turns,” Junpei said. He was actually kind of having fun making this up as he
went along. And there was no way Chidori bought into it. “Um, on Mondays, Wednesdays,
Fridays, I give orders. The dog gives orders on the weekends, and the kid gives orders on
Tuesdays and Thursdays.”
“Wow,” Chiho said. “That’s an odd command structure–”
“What the hell?”
Junpei jumped again, and the hairs on the back of his neck pricked up when he heard
Akechi’s voice. Chiho stood up almost immediately.
“It’s rude of your friend to be angry with you,” she said. “After all, I thought you gave orders
today.”
She disappeared into a nearby crowd without another word, leaving Junpei to deal with one
very angry looking Akechi. It was strange to be lectured by an eleven-year-old, but Junpei
feared for his life a little bit.
“I told you not to talk to her!” Akechi said. “I told you she was Chidori. What were you
thinking?!”
“Um…” In hindsight, Junpei’s reason of finding out the truth for himself didn’t really hold
up. It certainly wouldn’t impress Akechi. “I was throwing her off our trail.”
Akechi pinched the bridge of his nose. “You were… throwing her off our trail?”
He wasn’t yelling. This meant that Junpei was heading in the right direction. Junpei nodded.
“Yeah. Like, just now, she wanted to know who was our leader. So I told her that Ken, me,
and Koromaru, were all leaders, and we took turns in taking the lead depending on the day of
the week. How’s that for throwing her off?”
“That’s the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard,” Akechi said. “You gave her our names?”
“Man, you have no faith in me at all,” Junpei said. “I just said kid wonder and dog.”
Akechi sighed. “Well, I guess you aren’t a complete dumbass,” he said. “You should have
listened to me, though. What if she did get something out of you?”
“What could she have possibly gotten out of me?” Junpei asked. “Minato’s our leader, and I
didn’t even speak his name!”
Akechi shushed him. “You’re like Sakamato,” he snapped. “Could you say that any louder?”
That was a new name. “Who’s Sakamoto?”
Akechi made a weird expression with his face. It was like anger, surprise, and pain all mixed
into one funky expression. Maybe Sakamoto was a crush Akechi didn’t want anyone to know
about.

“A classmate,” he said. “An annoyingly loud classmate, by the way.”
Hm. Maybe not a crush. Unless having a crush involves being rude to the crush. Junpei
couldn’t remember how he behaved toward his crushes when he was Akechi’s age.
Oh well. At least Akechi wasn’t screaming at him. He wasn’t even giving Junpei his
infamous death glare. Overall, Junpei got out of this exchange totally unscathed.

On the night of the full moon, Minato was nowhere to be seen.
His unusual absence set Akechi on edge. It hadn’t really occurred to him, seeing as Minato
always cut Tartarus trips dangerously close, but Minato was always punctual for any
operation. Why wasn’t he there?
“Is your friend normally this late for full moons?” Shinjiro asked.
“No, he’s actually usually the first one in here,” Yukari said. “Are you sure you saw him
walking home from school, Junpei?”
Junpei nodded emphatically. “I swear. I was hanging out by the station, and I saw him and his
friend from the track team heading to the station together.”
“And why would you be hanging out by the station, Junpei?” Akechi asked sweetly.
“Because I like the flowers,” Junpei said very unconvincingly.
“Any luck, Fuuka?” Ken asked.
Yamagishi had already summoned her persona, trying to track down both the powerful
shadow and Minato.
“I can’t find him anywhere,” Yamagishi said, palpable distress in her voice. “It’s as though
someone is blocking his presence from me.”
Junpei paled. Akechi gave him a murderous look. “She overheard us,” Akechi said, his voice
a deadly calm.
“Hey, you were the one who insisted we had a conversation in the middle of the station,”
Junpei said. “This is not my fault.”
“She overheard us, and now Minato has been kidnapped,” Akechi snapped. “Don’t try to shift
the blame somewhere else. You were the one who loudly exclaimed that Minato was our
leader, and how could she possibly know that, oh I wonder?”
Ikutsuki stood up and put his hands out calmingly. “There’s no point in dwelling on the past,”
he said. “We still have the powerful shadow to contend with. We’ll worry about Minato after
we’re done.”

“If he’s really been kidnapped, though…” Akihiko said. “Maybe we should split into two
groups.”
“I will be in the Minato search party,” Aigis volunteered immediately.
“Without Minato, you’re going to need as much manpower as possible to defeat these
shadows,” Ikutsuki said with a small shake of his head. “As powerful as Akechi’s personas
are, we’ve been relying on both him and Minato’s strategic expertise to win the day.”
“…if you insist,” Aigis said.
“That’s another thing,” Mitsuru said. “Who will lead the team?”
“I shouldn’t,” Junpei said, looking downcast. “Akechi’s right. I was trying to help, but I
really ruined things for everyone, didn’t I?”
“Do not worry, Junpei,” Aigis said, but even her voice had a tinge of worry. “We will kick
Chidori’s ass together.” Her expression darkened. “She will regret hurting Minato-kun.”
Junpei made a sad noise. “Thanks for trying, Ai-chan.”
“I propose to lead the group,” Akechi said. “I have more combat experience than many
people here. But I understand if you would like to take charge, Mitsuru-senpai.”
Mitsuru looked down and tapped her foot against the ground rapidly.
“Are you sure we can rely on you?” Akihiko asked. His voice wasn’t angry; it was simply a
matter of fact. “You have to admit that you weren’t exactly on your game when we fought the
last shadow.”
Akechi bit down on the inside of his cheek to stop himself from saying something insulting.
Akihiko was right. Akechi had been hit with one status ailment, and he had punched Akihiko
square in the nose. Without Minato, they couldn’t afford to have that sort of liability leading
the battle.
“Fair enough,” Akechi said. “If not myself, then I propose Mitsuru.”
Akihiko nodded. “I agree.”
More nods and words of assent. Mitsuru looked slightly overwhelmed, but she gave them a
single nod. “Very well, I’ll try not to let you all down.”
“Great,” Ikutsuki said. “I’ll keep an eye out for Minato. It’s not impossible that he fell asleep
on the train. Have you located the powerful shadow, Fuuka?”
“It’s at Paulownia mall… I think,” Yamagishi said.
“You think?” Ken asked.

Akechi continued biting down on the inside of his cheek in an attempt not to scream. Any
more curve balls tonight, and Akechi was going to kill someone. Maybe Chidori if she really
had kidnapped Minato.
“For some reason, I can’t pinpoint its location.” Yamagishi’s voice cracked. “I’m sorry.”
“That’s alright,” Mitsuru said. “We can’t waste any more time. We need to deal with this as
quickly as possible. We’ll go to Paulownia mall and see if proximity helps Yamagishi locate
the shadow.”
“Good plan, but how are we all going to get there?” Shinjiro asked. “The trains aren’t exactly
working.”
"And I'm pretty sure I heard there was a bad crash on the bridge," Yamagishi said. "It's
probably really backed up."
“I’m glad you asked,” Mitsuru said as they jogged down the stairs of the dormitory. “I
realized we might have to travel long distances during the Dark Hour, so I had my father’s
researchers design a bus from a plume of darkness. It’ll be a tight squeeze, but it’ll be better
than walking.”
“What, we’re driving a bus on the train tracks?” Yukari asked.
“What the hell is a plume of darkness?” Shinjiro asked at around the same time.

Minato woke up with his wrists bound tightly together with rope. His face pressed against a
cold rough surface that looked a lot like concrete. His vision focused a little more, and he
realized he was on the roof. Maybe the dorm roof? But why would he be there? And why did
his head feel sticky?
Blood, his brain helpfully supplied.
“Ow,” Minato intoned, because his head did hurt.
A girl who matched Akechi’s description of Chidori stood over him. She wore a scowl that
could rival Shinjiro’s.
Minato made a confused noise. He wasn’t going to waste air on asking who she was or what
he was doing there. His head might be injured, but he could see the full moon hanging in the
sky. This was sabotage.
What happened again? Kazushi invited him to do a movie marathon at his house… Minato
had made it to the dorms just when the Dark Hour began… and then…
And then...
He couldn’t remember. A kidnapping, presumably.

“I’m sure you have a way to communicate with your teammates,” Chidori said, not wasting
any time. Minato could respect that. “Call off the mission. And not just this one, all of them.”
Minato pursed his lips together. This was embarrassing. Chidori didn’t seem to realize that
the only leading Minato did was battle directions. Minato couldn’t call off the mission even if
he tried.
“You are the leader, are you not?” Chidori asked, clearly sensing Minato’s embarrassment.
“Well, yes,” Minato said. He didn’t want her to feel like she was totally off the mark. Not that
he cared about her feelings or anything. He just hated being in emotional conversations. Even
with his kidnapper.
Especially with his kidnapper.
“Then, tell them, or I’ll kill you,” she said in a very matter of fact tone.
Didn’t Akechi say Chidori had a persona like Fuuka’s? Because Lucia had no attack
capabilities whatsoever.
“Can you do that? Your persona?”
Chidori’s expression was somehow extra unimpressed. Minato made some mental notes for
his own use.
“You can’t kill me,” Minato said, far exceeding his word quota for the day. He wasn’t going
to speak for the rest of the week, assuming he lived that long. “Then, nobody could call off
the mission.”
“Have you never heard of hostages?”

Mitsuru’s bus looked nothing like the Morgana bus. Where Morgana’s bus was dark and fat,
with a strange cat face on the front, Mitsuru’s bus was white and sleek, looking much like her
motorcycle. They all piled inside; Akechi sat uncomfortably between Junpei and Ken. Ken
looked worried, and Junpei still wore a guilty expression from earlier. Good.
Mitsuru got into the driver’s seat and, without bothering to put on a seatbelt, she slammed her
foot against the gas. Everybody let out a mixture of gasps and yelps as they sped forward,
weaving in between cars that were stalled on the road during the Dark Hour.
Akechi discovered he was a terrible backseat driver. He was fine when they were on the road,
and Akechi never had any problems when Akira was driving the Morgana bus in Mementos.
But as soon as Mitsuru got the bus onto the train tracks, still driving at full speed, Akechi had
a very strong feeling they were going to fall off the edge and into the water.
“Veer left!” Akechi screamed just as Yukari let out a shriek of fear.
“I’ve got it!” Mitsuru snapped, yanking her steering wheel to the left.

“Just shut up and let her drive!” Shinjiro said.
“That’s difficult when she’s going to drive us to our deaths!”
“TA-GUEULE!” Mitsuru shouted over the sound of the tires screeching against the train
tracks.
When Mitsuru finally pulled to a stop in front of Paulownia mall maybe ten minutes later,
everybody stumbled out of the bus with various sighs and expressions of relief. Ken looked a
little green, and Junpei had to step to the side to throw up into a nearby trash can.
“Ugh,” Yukari said, pulling a face. “But I can’t exactly blame him.”
“Alright, I’m good now,” Junpei said. “Let’s go.”
They entered the mall, and Mitsuru looked to Yamagishi, who had already re-summoned her
persona. “Do you sense anything?”
“It’s so distant, but I don’t understand why,” Yamagishi said. She clasped her hands together
tightly. “What’s going on?”
“We should split up and look around,” Mitsuru said. “Go in teams of three–”
“No, wait, just give me a little bit longer!” Yamagishi begged. “This is my responsibility.”
Akechi opened his mouth to say that they had already burnt half the Dark Hour waiting for
Minato and then driving in that cursed vehicle. If they wasted any more time, not only might
Minato be lost to them forever, but the powerful shadow might roam free for the rest of the
month.
“Alright,” Mitsuru said. “Everybody, quiet. Let her concentrate.”
Akechi shut his mouth and crossed his arms as Yamagishi squeezed her eyes shut in
concentration. She pursed her lips tightly together.
“Tell me Lucia… What is this thing that deceives me? Hear the wind’s answer in your ear…
touch the earth’s answer with your fingertips… taste the water’s answer on your lips…”
It sounded like a poem, although not one that Akechi recognized.
“Is she okay?” Akihiko asked.
“Don’t break her concentration,” Mitsuru said.
Yamagishi spoke telepathically next. “There’s something beneath our feet… some kind of
webbing?”
“Perhaps it relates to the old power cables underground,” Aigis said. “They were left there
after construction.”

“Power cables…” Mitsuru said thoughtfully.
Yamagishi nodded. “Yes. They run underground like a web.”
“Do you think that’s what’s interfering with her ability?” Akihiko asked.
“Has the shadow gained control of the cables?” Akechi asked.
“That’s exactly it!” Yamagishi opened her eyes, looking to be on the verge of tears. “The
shadow isn’t causing interference; it’s possessed the power cables underground!”
“You mean that the shadow is underneath this entire area?” Yukari demanded. “How are we
meant to fight it, then?”
"Could we cut off the power?” Ken asked. “Then it would have nothing to latch onto, right?”
“In theory, it’s not a bad idea,” Mitsuru said, “What do you think, Yamagishi?”
“It would certainly weaken the shadow’s power,” Yamagishi said. “But it’ll have a main
form, just as when that other shadow took over the monorail. We’ll need to find that main
form in order to defeat it.”
“I thought electricity didn’t function during the Dark Hour,” Akechi said. “Wouldn’t it be
more likely for the shadow to be the power source?”
“Oh, you’re right,” Ken said. “Sorry.”
“Don’t be.” Akechi frowned. “You don’t sense any power surge coming from anywhere?”
Yamagishi shook her head. “I’m sorry. Nothing stands out. Although… I think it’s definitely
underground in the mall.”
“Wait a minute…” Shinjiro said. “The club manager of Escapade said that the power had
been working up lately. He was really upset about it too. Apparently, some idol was meant to
perform, but they couldn’t get the audio setup working or something.”
“You think the shadow might be at the club?” Akihiko asked.
Shinjiro nodded. “He said the control panel was underneath the club. I think we should check
it out.”
“That’s it!” Yamagishi said. “The shadow is by that control panel.”
“Excellent work everyone,” Mitsuru said. “Let’s go.”
During the Dark Hour, club Escapade radiated the same eerie feeling that the love hotel
generated. Akechi had never been inside this specific club himself, but he had gone into a
couple during his time as Detective Prince. People were far more likely to spill critical details
pertaining to potential palace locations over a drink.

What would normally be a dark atmosphere was now not only dark, but coated in the green
tones unique to the Dark Hour. A lone coffin sat by the bar, with another coffin behind the
counter. A few coffins stood on the dance floor. A coffin up on the second floor, alone and
surrounded by empty glasses.
A bartender. People looking for a good time. People drinking their lives away. All of them
reduced to their inevitable fate. A nameless coffin to be buried.
Upon entering the room with the control panel, they were faced with a shadow that was an
amalgamation of electric wires and some strange one-eyed creature. Even touching the
shadow looked like an opportunity to get electrocuted.
Mitsuru immediately turned toward Yukari, who was weak to electricity. “This isn’t the battle
for you,” she said. “Stay back with Yamagishi and provide healing support where you can.”
Yukari nodded and ran to Yamagishi’s side. The rest of them gathered around the shadow.
“You too Aigis,” Mitsuru said. “Raise everyone’s defense, but then stay back with Yukari. We
can’t afford to give the enemy an opening.”
Aigis nodded. “Understood.”
For someone who was perfectly content with letting Minato boss everyone around during
battle, Mitsuru’s eyes lit up with a spark that Akechi hadn’t seen before. She began giving out
orders as though she had done this her entire life.
“Ken, heal the others when you can. Akihiko, focus on your debuff skills. Everybody else,
focus on attacking that thing!”
Everybody immediately complied. The shadow unleashed a lightning attack, which did no
damage to Akihiko, but gave everyone else a nasty shock.
“Does it have any weaknesses?” Mitsuru asked Yamagishi as Akechi unleashed his first
megidolaon. What once killed an enemy in an instant barely put a dent in this enemy, and
Akechi realized that he was going to have to conserve his energy if he wanted to get out of
this fight without passing out.
“Give me a moment!” Yamagishi exclaimed as Shinjiro slammed his axe into the shadow’s
side. “It drains electricity!”
“Anyone could have guessed that much,” Akechi muttered.
Without Minato, he battle was much harder than it could have been. While Akechi’s personas
were extremely powerful, he had to conserve his energy. They didn’t have any of Minato’s
especially powerful personas on hand, either, which meant everyone relied on Akechi for
heavy attacks.
Fortunately, Mitsuru successfully led the group to victory without too many close calls.
Akechi wondered why she didn’t appoint herself leader months ago.

“Great work everyone,” Yamagishi said. “I don’t sense a powerful presence anymore.”
“There’s only one this time?” Junpei asked. “That’s refreshing.”
“We still have Minato to worry about,” Mitsuru said. “Have you caught any sign of him?”
“Yes, actually,” Yamagishi said. “I think he’s back at the dorms, but something seems
strange.”
Junpei let out an obnoxious sigh of relief. “You mean he really did just fall asleep
somewhere? Man, and here I was being worried.”
“Isn’t that a bit out of character for him, though?” Ken asked. “I mean, sure, he likes sleeping
a lot, but from what I understand, he’s never been late to an operation.”
“You’re right,” Yukari said. “Even back when he looked bored, he always came.”
“Well, the chairman’s still at the dorm, so he should be alright,” Yamagishi said tentatively.
“Can we drive at a normal pace?”
“I wouldn’t let our guard down just yet,” Akechi said. “It’s not as though Strega doesn’t
know where we live. Maybe they’ve kidnapped Minato underneath our very noses.”
“That’s kind of freaky,” Junpei said.
“I’ll drive more cautiously,” Mitsuru said. “Yamagishi, monitor the situation. At least we
know where Minato is. That’s more than we could say earlier.”
“Maybe we should stop wasting time talking and hurry up,” Shinjiro said, already walking
toward the exit of the mall. “It’s not going to be Dark Hour forever, and I’d rather not get run
over by a train.”
Everybody hurried after him.

So. Ow.
It turned out that Chidori’s support persona could also use agidyne, a skill that Minato dearly
wanted but hadn’t quite gotten powerful enough for. It dealt a heavy amount of fire damage
on a foe.
Minato was a foe.
Again. Ow.
Chidori was extremely frustrated with him too, because in spite of being roasted like a grilled
fish, Minato refused to contact his friends.
Grilled fish sounded really delicious right about now.

“They’ve defeated the shadow,” Chidori said. “Medea told me.”
Minato let his lips quirk upwards in a small smile. He knew they could do it without him.
Was this warm feeling in his chest pride? It felt pretty good.
“Why are you smiling? Aren’t you afraid of death?” Chidori demanded. “I could kill you
right now.”
“Not really.” Although, strangely enough, something about the words didn’t feel like the
truth. They definitely used to be the truth.
Weird. It didn’t really matter, though. They’d already established that killing Minato would
accomplish nothing for Chidori.
“I’ll just have to reveal my location to your teammates,” Chidori decided. “And wait for them
to come. They’ll surely listen if I threaten your life.”
Minato made a noncommittal noise. In spite of Akechi’s weird change of heart, Minato was
half-convinced that half of SEES would gladly let him rot. He didn’t have the most likable
personality, after all.
The wait was long and quiet. Chidori was content with standing perfectly still, and Minato
was kind of stuck lying on the pavement, trying not to feel his wounds.
“This is awkward,” Minato said, finding himself with the difficult role of filling the silence.
Maybe he wouldn’t speak for two weeks after tonight.
Chidori kicked him in the ribs. Minato was pretty sure that was not a polite response.

Despite Mitsuru’s assurance of driving more carefully, she certainly didn’t drive as carefully
as she could’ve. When they finally reached the dorm, Junpei and Ken still both looked sick
when they stumbled out of the bus.
Akechi couldn’t exactly blame her. They would be little help to Minato if they fell into a
watery grave, but wasting time was unacceptable. The Dark Hour was nearly over.
Without hesitation, everybody sprinted up the three flights of stairs to the fourth floor.
Ikutsuki peeked his head out the doors of the command room.
“I thought I heard–”
They all ignored him. Mitsuru kicked open the door to the roof, revealing Chidori standing
next to Minato, who was sprawled on the ground. Blood made his hair stick to his face, and
burn blisters were all over his exposed skin. His school uniform was undoubtedly ruined.
Tear tracks were noticeable on his face.

“Minato!” Yukari cried.
“They’re back already,” she said, sounding extremely inconvenienced.
Akechi would inconvenience her. He sprinted forward and grabbed Chidori’s arm before she
could lift her evoker to her head. Junpei ran to Akechi’s aid, taking the evoker before Chidori
could free herself from Akechi’s grasp.
Yukari knelt beside Minato and began undoing his bonds, and Ken used diarama on him.
Instantly, the burn wounds faded away. Minato let out a small breath of obvious relief.
“Chidori, stop!” Junpei cried as Chidori managed to kick Akechi away.
Chidori launched herself toward Junpei and reached for her evoker. Junpei jumped
backwards, and her hands grasped thin air.
“No!” Chidori shrieked, almost frantic. “Give it back!”
Ikutsuki chose that moment to finally join them on the roof.
“What’s going on?” he asked. His eyes widened. “Minato? And… is that Chidori?”
Yukari and Shinjiro were already helping Minato to his feet. Chidori was still lunging toward
Junpei, but Akihiko grabbed her from behind.
“Sorry, we can’t let you have that,” Akihiko grunted.
“Medea!” Chidori stomped on Akihiko’s foot. Akihiko let out a small sound of pain but
didn’t let go. Aigis picked up the rope that bound Minato and used it to bind Chidori’s hands
instead.
“I didn’t sense her until this very moment,” Yamagishi said, looking between Chidori and
Minato with obvious distress. “This is my power, and yet…”
“Don’t blame yourself,” Mitsuru said.
“She’s strong,” Minato said, looking exhausted. Aigis hovered only a few inches away from
him, and he unapologetically leaned against her for support.
“She must have a power that can conceal her presence,” Ikutsuki said. “I mean, I was here the
entire time, and I had no idea they were on the roof.”
“Maybe you’re just unobservant,” Akechi said coldly.
Now that she was clearly captured, Chidori had stopped struggling. Instead, she slumped
forward, making herself a completely dead weight. Akihiko didn’t seem to have any
difficulty holding her up. From the hollowness of her cheeks, she was clearly malnourished.
Mitsuru walked up to her as Yukari began to lead Minato back inside. Minato shook his head
and turned toward Chidori. It was clear that he wanted to hear what Mitsuru had to say.

“You’re the third member of Strega, correct?” she said. Her voice was as hard and
unforgiving as it ever had been. “I have questions for you.”
Chidori’s expression was simultaneously defiant and despairing. “I’m not afraid of death.”
“Chidori?” Junpei said, clearly startled. Akechi wondered how many times Junpei had
“investigated” Chidori to get him so attached.
“Medea… I’m…”
Mitsuru looked away to Ikutsuki. “She’s clearly emotionally unstable. We’ll let her rest at the
hospital and question her later.”
“Sounds good to me,” Ikutsuki said. He shivered. “Let’s all get inside. The night’s starting to
give me a chill.”
The Dark Hour ended almost as soon as they stepped inside, and Ikutsuki and Mitsuru
immediately left the dorms to take Chidori to the hospital. Everybody else gathered in the
lounge. Yukari threw a blanket on top of Minato, and Ken began attempting to make hot
chocolate before Shinjiro intervened and finished the job.
“I don’t need you burning yourself too,” Shinjiro said.
Ken looked ready to argue, but he glanced at Minato and nodded. “Yeah. Guess not.”
Yamagishi still looked near to tears, and she curled up on the sofa across from Minato’s.
Akihiko was on the phone with Mitsuru, just in case Strega launched a surprise attack on the
journey. It wasn’t likely, seeing as the Dark Hour was over, but the precaution felt necessary.
Junpei stood awkwardly to the side, looking unsure what to do. Akechi felt a sudden burden
of responsibility to assist him. He stood up from his seat next to Yamagishi and bowed.
“I’m afraid this is our fault,” Akechi said, bowing deeply. “Mine and Junpei’s. Junpei was
conversing with Chidori at the station, and I lectured him. It was my lecture that led Junpei to
defensively proclaim that he never told Chidori that you were the leader. She must have
overheard.”
“Huh?” Junpei said. He hurried to Akechi’s side and bowed. “Don’t let Akechi take the
blame. It was really all just my fault. I was trying to be cool, but I was really just being
stupid. I’m sorry, Minato-kun.”
“Junpei…” Yukari said.
Minato only nodded. He opened his mouth to say something but closed it again.
Ken entered the living area with a tray of mugs full of hot chocolate. “My mom used to make
me hot chocolate when I was sad,” Ken said, placing the tray on the coffee table. “Shinjiro
helped me.”

There were enough mugs for everyone, but Akechi waited for everyone else to take their own
mugs before taking one of his own. He sat back down next to Yamagishi and sipped at the
hot, rich drink. Chocolate released endorphins, so it was no wonder that Akechi felt slightly
better.
They sat in silence as they drank. Eventually, Akihiko put his phone back into his pocket and
sat down with them, taking the mug that was left behind on the tray. “She’s been successfully
situated,” he said. “No unwelcome Strega visits.”
“They should keep a guard on that door,” Akechi said. “Not that it would do much against
Strega.”
“I’ll bring it up with Mitsuru.”
“Are you… alright?” Yamagishi asked Minato, who was staring into his mug of hot chocolate
with a strange expression on his face.
Minato nodded.
“You looked hurt pretty bad,” Yukari said. “I… I didn’t realize that Strega were that brutal.”
“They wanted me to call off the mission,” Minato said, his voice hoarse. He took another sip
from his mug. “You did good without me.”
“It wasn’t easy.” Junpei chuckled awkwardly. “Mitsuru-senpai really rose to the occasion.”
“It wasn’t the same without you, though,” Akihiko said immediately. “Try not to get
kidnapped again, got that?”
Minato’s lips quirked up, and he nodded.
Half an hour later, Mitsuru returned to the dorms. She surveyed the scene of tired children
bundled under blankets and holding empty mugs.
“You should all be getting to bed,” Mitsuru said. “We still have school tomorrow.”
Nobody moved.
“Would you like hot chocolate, Mitsuru-senpai?” Ken asked. “I think there’s still some water
left in the pot.”
Mitsuru sighed and sat down next to Akihiko. “Very well.”
Minato put his mug back down on the tray. “Thank you,” he said. Akechi wasn’t sure who he
was talking to. “My mom used to make us hot chocolate too.”

Chapter End Notes

Shinji joined the party!
I was trying to puzzle out how they made it to the mall in the middle of the dark hour
and the bus was my compromise. Sorry if there's actually a really logical canonical
explanation for it T-T
It was so fun to write Minato's pov ngl.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments! <3

Chapter 24: September 6–18, 2009
Chapter Summary

Things are going just dandy
really awesome actually

Chapter Notes

tw: ptsd, references to drug use, references to chronic illness, references to self harm

See the end of the chapter for more notes

They ended up falling asleep on top of each other. When morning arrived, Akechi woke up
with his face squashed against Yamagishi’s shoulder, which was so mortifying that he quickly
stood up and hid himself in the kitchen.
Of course, the small amount of noise Akechi made spurred all of the others into action, like a
series of dominoes falling on top of each other. Soon, everybody was eating breakfast and
exchanging small talk. They had an unspoken agreement that they were going to pretend the
events of last night never happened.
Minato picked up the tray of dirty mugs and took them into the kitchen to clean. Junpei came
to his aid, drying the wet mugs and putting them back inside their cabinet. Minato was
somehow quieter than usual, but that was the only sign that anything was remotely amiss
with him.
“I’m sorry,” Akechi told Ken on their way to school. “It seems you chose to join us just when
things began to get worse.”
“I kinda figured things would be like this,” Ken said, shrugging him off. “I can handle it.”
Akechi didn’t believe it for a moment, but pushing never seemed to work with Ken. He
dropped the subject.
When Emiko joined them, she seemed to notice something was amiss, but perhaps on an
intuitive level, she didn’t press. Instead, she cracked more jokes than usual. Strangely
enough, they almost made Akechi feel better.
Later that day, when Akechi arrived home from his run, Shinjiro was making an unholy
racket in the kitchen. Akechi entered the kitchen to the sight of Shinjiro unpacking bags of

groceries.
“What are you doing?” Akechi asked.
“Making dinner,” Shinjiro said bluntly. “I’m still embarrassed by all of your dietary habits.
And last night was rough for you guys.”
Akechi vaguely remembered the promise of celebrations after each successful full moon
operation. In the midst of Strega and all the drama that kept cropping up, everyone had
forgotten. Shinjiro seemed to inadvertently be trying to bring the tradition back.
“Good luck,” Akechi said.
“You seriously think I’m going to be making such a big meal by myself?” Shinjiro
demanded. “Get back here, I need your help slicing the vegetables.”
“I can’t cook,” Akechi said.
“Then, learn.”
“I’m sure Yamagishi would love to help.”
“I already asked her, but she’s too busy trying to crack Jin’s code and take down Strega’s
website. She hasn’t had much luck.”
So Jin was the technical mastermind. Akechi wasn’t all that surprised.
“Fine.” Akechi sighed. It was clear Shinjiro wasn’t going to give up. Besides, it couldn’t hurt
to have some culinary skills. He stepped behind the counter and took a knife and cutting
board. “Lead the way.”
“That’s a meat knife,” Shinjiro said, snatching Akechi’s knife from his hand and replacing it
with one with a smooth edge.
If Shinjiro needed assistance, he chose the wrong person to help. Akechi was a hindrance
more than a help, and Shinjiro was tasked both with cooking the meal and preventing Akechi
from ruining the meal. They had to throw away a failed batch of rice after Akechi made it a
mushy mess that somehow landed on the floors and counters.
There was a reason Akechi never bothered to learn to cook. The one failure of a cooking
class had been bad enough.
When Akihiko finally returned home, Shinjiro enlisted his aid as well. And while Akihiko
was less pathetic than Akechi, it was clear he was lacking in experience too.
“I swear to god,” Shinjiro said. “Who is going to cook for you guys when I’m gone?”
“You’re planning on leaving us?” Akihiko asked, sounding insulted as he mixed their
vegetables and rice together.

Shinjiro snatched the chopsticks from Akihiko’s hands and mixed with much more deftness
and a little more violence. “Forget I said anything.”
Akechi wasn’t particularly good at forgetting. Judging from the look on his face, neither was
Akihiko.
By the time they were done, the admittedly delicious smell of their food had attracted the
entire dorm downstairs. Akechi gave up on “helping” and set the table while Akihiko and
Shinjiro put the food in dishes.
“Oh wow, is this for all of us?” Junpei asked.
“Call it a ‘good job’ for our performance last night,” Akihiko said as he placed a dish on the
table.
Minato nodded and sat down at the table without a word. Everybody else exchanged various
words of gratitude as they began eating.
“We were so missing out before you came along, Shinjiro-senpai!” Junpei said. He looked
about ready to shed tears of joy. “Man, I needed this today.”
“I must admit that I feel the same way,” Mitsuru said, smiling. “Today has been…
exhausting.”
“No luck with Chidori, then?” Akihiko asked.
“She barely said anything,” Yukari said. “Honestly, I felt kind of bad for her…”
“I’m not as sympathetic,” Mitsuru said. “She nearly killed Minato. The least she can do is
give us some answers.”
“Oh come on, don’t be like that,” Junpei said. “What she did was awful, but… she can’t be
that bad.”
“She seems so sad in the hospital room,” Yukari said reluctantly.
“For all we know, it’s a ruse to generate sympathy and make it easier for her to escape,”
Mitsuru said.
Akechi was more inclined to agree with Mitsuru.
“Drop it,” Minato said, his mouth half-full of food. “Let’s enjoy this.”
All discussion of Chidori ceased. By extension, there was no more discussion. They ate in a
silence only interrupted by the clinking of dishes.
“So… was Akechi a fast learner?” Ken asked Shinjiro. “I know he can’t cook, but he learns
his schoolwork so quickly that it’s almost like he already knew the stuff ahead of time.”
Shinjiro snorted. “Hell no. He was a disaster.”

“That’s an exaggeration,” Akechi said, glaring at his food.
“You stirred the rice.”
“Am I expected to be a master of rice?”
“No, but everybody knows not to stir rice.”
Akechi felt his face heat up in embarrassment, but Shinjiro’s words didn’t seem to be filled
with malice. Unlike all the other critical words Akechi had heard from adults in the past,
Shinjiro only seemed to be teasing.
It was a strange feeling. Akechi didn’t know what to do with it.
“I guess Akechi can’t be good at everything,” Junpei said, grinning.
“We still have the remains,” Akechi snapped. “I’ll use it to seal your mouth shut.”
Everybody, including Junpei, laughed, but Yamagishi also looked embarrassed. “I stirred the
rice once,” she said. “It became a sticky mess.”
“I guess we’ll just have to leave all the cooking to Shinjiro-senpai from now on,” Yukari said.
“This is way better than ruined rice.”
Maybe they weren’t insulting him after all.
Moon Arcana: Rank 5

For the next couple of days, apparently no progress had been made with Chidori. Mitsuru and
Akihiko were out for practically the entire evening trying to convince her to talk, with very
little success.
Three days after the full moon, Akechi joined Mitsuru and the others at the hospital. Mitsuru
was still making no progress in getting Chidori to speak, much less answer any questions.
“Your friends aren’t coming for you,” Akechi said, hoping to rile a response out of her. “They
don’t care enough to wreak havoc on your behalf.”
Chidori said nothing. Junpei had recently burst into the room, and he glared at Akechi.
“Come on, man, how is that meant to make her talk?”
“What is with your obsession with her?” Akechi asked, completely baffled.
“I don’t know, okay? But clearly what you all are doing isn’t working. Can’t you try some
gentleness?”
“Mitsuru already tried appealing to her sense of reason.”

Junpei rolled his eyes and glanced at Chidori’s sketchbook. The markings on the page barely
represented anything legible.
“I’m glad they let you keep your sketchbook,” Junpei said. “I guess you liking to draw wasn’t
an act, huh?”
“It doesn’t matter…” Chidori said. “Only I can understand my pictures.”
Of course. Of course only Junpei of all people got her to talk.
Their small moment of victory was interrupted by Junpei spotting a bleeding gash on her
forearm. Akihiko briefly explained that she did such injuries to herself as they wrapped the
injury with a bandage.
As soon as the affair was dealt with, Mitsuru attempted to get more answers out of Chidori.
Unsurprisingly, it didn’t work.

“Hey, Akechi,” Shinjiro asked the next day. “How long have we been holding that Chidori
girl?”
Akechi frowned, unsure why that information was relevant. “About four days. Why?”
Shinjiro went quiet for a moment, reaching for something inside his pocket. “It’s nothing
important,” he said.
Akechi almost believed him.

It was important. It was so important, in fact, that if Akechi hadn’t told Shinjiro how many
days it had been, Chidori might have died.
It turned out that members of Strega couldn’t control their personas, and that if they didn’t
take a certain dosage of suppressant pills every week, their persona would kill them.
Chidori’s own persona nearly choked her to death before Shinjiro burst in and shoved the
pills down her throat.
While Chidori and Junpei had a heartfelt moment about whether death was something to be
afraid of, Akihiko and Akechi chased Shinjiro, who had fled the hospital as soon as the
ordeal was over.
They managed to pin him by Port Island Station.
“Hey, Shinji!” Akihiko shouted, grabbing Shinjiro by the shoulders and forcing him to stop
walking away from them. “What the hell’s going on? Why do you have those pills?”
“Akihiko,” Shinjiro said, his voice emotionless.

“Don’t you Akihiko me!” Akihiko’s voice cracked. “I’ve heard of those suppressants. They
suppress your persona, yes, but the side effects… tell me you haven't been taking them.”
Shinjiro said nothing. It was as good as a confession.
Side effects.
“Is that why you always sound sick?” Akechi asked, the reality of the situation dawning on
him. “Why you never take your coat off even in the heat?”
“I don’t owe you anything,” Shinjiro told the two of them.
“Like hell you don’t!”
“Save it.” Shinjiro glared. “I’ve heard it all before. You think I’m wasting my power, but
you’re just too thick-headed. I’m tired of your damn preaching.”
Akihiko punched Shinjiro in the face. Nearby civilians gave them a wider berth. Akechi was
still trying to wrap his mind around side effects.
“Damn you… you know the reason. My sister. The fire. They held me back while she…”
Akihiko seemed to have forgotten Akechi was even there as he trailed off, clearly lost in the
past.
Shit. No wonder Akihiko lost his head when Strega first showed their face. He was likely
triggered just as badly as Akechi was when Akechi was held at gunpoint.
“Don’t you remember our promise?” Akihiko asked, his voice cracking again. “To be strong
enough to do what we think is right. Why the drugs? Why didn’t you come to me?”
“I'm back in the fight now,” Shinjiro said. “So just drop it.”
Even in the horror of it all, Akechi couldn’t help but feel an odd amount of relief. While
Akechi was fairly sure Shinjiro never used Strega for their services, Shinjiro’s familiarity
with Strega gnawed at the back of his mind for months now. Now Akechi had a definitive
answer. Shinjiro met with Strega for the drugs. Never for murder.
The comfort felt stale.
“And the side effects?” Akechi asked. His chest felt tight. “Are they long lasting?”
Akihiko and Akechi both stared at Shinjiro unblinkingly, waiting for his response. “I’ll be
fine,” Shinjiro said, looking away from them both. As if breaking eye contact would hide
them from the truth. “There’s something I have to do first.”
“And what’s that?” Akihiko asked.
“Don’t worry about it,” Shinjiro said, walking away. “Just worry about these last few
shadows. Things will work out.”

Akechi had believed him the day before. He didn’t dare believe him now.
Akihiko massaged his eyes and turned to Akechi. “I’m sorry you had to see that,” he said. “I
just… damnit.”
“What do you know about the side effects?” Akechi asked.
“Nothing specific,” Akihiko said reluctantly. “Something to do with the lungs, mostly. I’ve
heard rumors of heart problems too. It’s not exactly the most common drug on the streets.”
Akechi felt like a small child when he asked, “Are they long lasting?”
Akihiko stared at the empty space where Shinjiro was standing moments before. “I don’t
know.”

Akechi sat on the dorm roof, trying not to think about the unsettling news from earlier that
day. Instead, he stared at a small dark spot on the concrete. It looked like a blood stain. Was it
from Minato’s head injury?
Why didn’t Strega just swoop down and kill them all if they wanted to stop SEES so badly?
Why wait to make a move only on nights of the full moon?
The door to the roof opened, and Akechi glanced behind him. Junpei awkwardly approached
and sat down next to Akechi.
“You’ve finished talking to your new best friend?” Akechi asked, a hint of bitterness in his
tone. He couldn’t understand how Junpei could even begin to forgive Chidori for what she
did.
“She’s not much of a talker after a certain point,” Junpei said. “You might think I’m
ridiculous, but I don’t think she’s such a bad person at heart. I mean, the Kirijo group hurt
her, and if she’s only had Takaya for guidance, can you blame her for being so…”
“Murderous?” Akechi asked. “Yes, I think I can.”
Although, Akechi could see where Junpei was coming from. Takaya wasn’t someone Akechi
would even begin to call a good influence. Hell, if Akechi had met Takaya at a slightly more
unstable point in his life, he might have been inclined to adopt all of Strega’s ideologie.
The thought was sickening.
“Yeah, well, I guess I can’t blame you,” Junpei sighed.
“She tortured Minato,” Akechi said vitriolically, unable to stop himself.
“Yeah… she did.” Junpei’s face was queasy. “Um, Chidori isn’t why I came up here to talk to
you, though, if you can believe that, at least.”

“Why did you come here?”
“I wanted to apologize to you, personally,” Junpei said. He fidgeted with the hem of his shirt,
staring at Akechi with an intensity that was rare to see on Junpei’s face. “You warned me
about Chidori, and I totally brushed you off. I mean, our lives are at stake here, and I just
wanted to give her another chance because she was pretty.”
“This apology would be much more impactful if you weren’t still giving her another chance
because she’s pretty,” Akechi said.
“That’s not it…” Junpei glared at his lap. “I mean, yeah, she’s beautiful, but that’s got
nothing to do with it! I know she’s done terrible things, but she’s really hurting, and I don’t
know, I guess a part of me connects with her. How you can be surrounded by so many people
and still feel alone. And when she’s not trying to kill us, she’s pretty good company to be
around too! She’s extremely passionate about her art, even though she has a hard time
showing it, and she’s really nothing like those other members of Strega–”
“Junpei,” Akechi interrupted. “I get it. You care about her. Is this an apology, or are you
practicing your proposal?”
“Oh, shut up.” Junpei slumped. “Anyway, what I meant was… I didn’t know any of those
things about Chidori when I first talked to her. So I didn’t really have a good reason to ignore
your advice. And because of that, Minato got really hurt. I was a real idiot.”
“Truer words were never spoken,” Akechi muttered.
“And then you apologized to Minato, even though you didn’t do anything wrong!” Junpei
continued. “It’s been eating up at me for days now.”
“I didn’t apologize to Minato to take the blame off of your shoulders,” Akechi said. “The
ordeal is partially my fault. You hadn’t revealed anything to Chidori in your private
conversations. I should’ve lectured you in a private space.”
“That’s really humble of you, Akechi,” Junpei said, shaking his head. “Anyway. I’m sorry.
You don’t have to accept it, but there it is.”
Akechi frowned. He wasn’t the forgiving type. But Junpei had shown remarkable maturity to
not only take responsibility, but to apologize after the fact as well. That maturity should at
least be somewhat rewarded.
“I accept your apology,” Akechi said.
Junpei let out a massive sigh of relief. “That’s good to hear. Maybe I can actually sleep easy
tonight.”
“Don't count on it,” Akechi said grimly.
“Yeah, I had a hard enough time sleeping well before this Dark Hour stuff started
happening,” Junpei said. “Now, I think my body’s wired to wake up as soon as it's midnight,
and then how am I supposed to fall asleep?”

“You roll over and close your eyes.” Akechi said, even though that rarely worked for him.
Junpei chuckled. “Right. You’re kind of a funny guy, Akechi-kun.”
Funny was the last thing Akechi was.
Temperance Arcana: Rank 3

The following afternoon, Akechi invited Emiko to join him as he walked Koromaru around
the park. Emiko was thrilled to come along, still having yet to meet Koromaru in person.
“Aw, he’s adorable!” Emiko said with admiration. She scratched Koromaru behind the ears,
and Koromaru gave a happy bark in greeting. “I can’t believe you’ve been holding out on me
for this long!”
“It must have slipped my mind,” Akechi said, which was less an excuse and more the plain
truth. The stakes were getting higher, and it was hard to remember that he had promised to
show Koromaru to Emiko ages ago.
Emiko was holding a small ball, and she waved it in front of Koromaru’s face. “Do you want
to play fetch?”
Koromaru barked in affirmation. Emiko nodded before throwing the ball across the park. As
Koromaru ran off, Emiko’s cheerful smile turned into something more somber.
“What’s been going on with you two lately?” she asked.
Akechi frowned. “What do you mean?”
“You’ve been quieter,” she said. “I didn’t want to bring it up, but Ken still seems really sad.
You always seem kind of sad, or irritable as you like to say. But something’s wrong, isn’t it?”
Akechi hadn’t given Emiko enough credit. She was more intuitive than he realized.
“A friend of ours got hurt,” Akechi explained. “It scared Ken.”
“And you?”
Koromaru chose that moment to return with the ball in his mouth. He dropped it at Emiko’s
feet with a happy bark, and Emiko smiled and pet Koromaru’s head.
“Good boy,” she said, picking up the ball and throwing it again. Koromaru ran to fetch it, and
Emiko turned her gaze back onto Akechi.
Akechi swallowed and put on a smile. “You don’t have to worry about me, Yamamoto-kun.”
“You haven’t called me Yamamoto in ages,” Emiko said accusingly. “Is your friend alright?”

“He’s fine,” Akechi said, letting his fake smile fade away. It was getting harder and harder to
keep it on his face. “Things are just tense where we live. It doesn’t help that a different friend
might be seriously sick.”
“Wow, that is serious,” Emiko said as she picked up Koromaru’s freshly retrieved ball. She
offered it to Akechi, and he took it. “I’m sorry. I had no idea.”
“How could you have?” Akechi asked. Akechi threw the ball with all his might, and it soared
farther than Emiko’s throws had. Emiko made an impressed sound. “You’re friends with the
two most emotionally repressed students at our school.”
“I don’t think you’re that emotionally repressed,” Emiko said. She hesitated for a minute.
“Repressed means bottled up, right?”
“Yes.”
Emiko nodded with a smile. “At least I can always count on you to teach me some new
vocabulary!”
Akechi snorted. Sometimes he almost forgot that his friends weren’t also adults pretending to
be children. Rather, they were all children pretending to be adults.
Then again, maybe that was all Akechi had ever been for his entire life as well.
“That’s enough about us, though,” Akechi said. “How are you doing, Emiko-kun?”
“Oh, I’ve been fine,” Emiko said. “Momo is a little sick, though. He’s been even less active
than usual, and he barely touches his food.”
“That’s distressing,” Akechi said, remembering his previous theory of Momo seeing the end
of his lifespan. At the time, in spite of its inevitability, it was something Akechi was able to
push from his mind. Now, Akechi found himself wondering how he was going to console
Emiko when Momo finally did go to sleep for the last time. His stomach clenched.
It was easier to be worried for a definitely dying cat than to think about a potentially dying
friend.
“Yeah, well, it’s probably the transition from summer to fall,” Emiko said. “It has been
getting a bit colder, don’t you think?”
“A bit,” Akechi conceded, although it wasn’t anything worth mentioning. They wouldn’t
change into winter uniforms for at least another two weeks.
“Yeah,” Emiko said. “Momo will be fine.”
“I’m sure that he’s very happy under your care,” Akechi said.
“Very.” Emiko nodded. “He’s the happiest cat in the world.”

Happiness did not save lives. But it did make worthwhile ones. It brought hope in the face of
the inevitable demise that waited for them all.
“You’ll just have to hope for the best,” Akechi said. “I’m sure Momo is a very strong cat.”
“Definitely.” Emiko’s eyes lit up. “He’s the happiest and the strongest cat in the world.”
Akechi wondered what hope felt like. Logically, it seemed like a massive waste of time, but
maybe it was different in practice.
Hope didn’t save lives either.
Strength Arcana: Rank 6

“Akechi-kun, can I talk to you for a moment?” Mitsuru asked one evening. Akechi put down
the book he was reading, yet another one of Mitsuru’s books on psychology and the new
emergence of cognitive pscience.
“What is it?”
Nobody else was in the lounge with them. Junpei had gone to visit Chidori. Apparently, the
two of them were having lovely conversations, but nothing that was particularly helpful when
it came to Strega. Yamagishi was still toiling on her computer in her bedroom, fighting tooth
and nail to find a way to take down Strega’s website. Yukari and Mitsuru had to all but drag
her out of her room to take much needed breaks. Yukari, Minato, and oddly enough, Aigis,
had gone out to the Karaoke bar. Ken was doing homework in his bedroom, and Akechi had
no clue as to where Akihiko and Shinjiro had gone. Maybe they were practicing punching
each other in the face in the back alley of the nearby station.
“Last week, on the night of the full moon, I noticed that you were…. Very confident,”
Mitsuru said.
Akechi clasped his hands together, forcing his face not to betray anything. “What do you
mean?”
“Apart from yelling at Junpei, which was an understandable response,” Mitsuru said, “you
handled the unexpected situation with far more grace than some of us did.”
“I was only doing what anyone would have done,” Akechi said. “It wasn’t as though I was
leading the group.”
“But you did volunteer,” Mitsuru said. She tucked her hair behind her ear. “And when
Akihiko countered your offer, you didn’t argue. You just recommended me. It was quite an
impressive display of maturity.”
“I’m confused,” Akechi said. There was no way that Mitsuru was leading up to accusing
Akechi of being a time traveler. “Do you have a particular point in mind for this
conversation?”

“I suppose I just wanted to thank you,” Mitsuru said. “It was partly thanks to your confidence
that we were able to regain our senses quickly enough to deal with the shadow and rescue
Minato.”
“You give yourself too little credit,” Akechi said. “Your leadership skills are what got us
through to the end.”
Mitsuru nodded, still looking thoughtful. “I suppose I do have a question for you,” she said.
“There’s something you said that night that’s been pressing on my mind.”
Akechi raised his eyebrows. “Oh?”
“When you were volunteering to lead the group, you said that you had more combat
experience than many of the members there,” Mitsuru said. “But Akihiko, Yukari, Junpei,
and I have all been a part of SEES for longer than you have, and Aigis has been fighting
shadows long before any of us were in the picture. Yamagishi plays a support role and wasn’t
being considered, so you only really had more combat experience than Koromaru, Amada,
and maybe Shinjiro. And, of course, Koromaru wasn’t about to lead us.”
Well, this was a surprise. Akechi had been careful to say the word ‘many’ at the time, so that
his words couldn’t be translated too literally. But in the stress of the moment, he hadn’t
thought to consider that Mitsuru might see through that word as well.
“I must’ve miscalculated,” Akechi said. “I forgot that you and Aigis-san had more combat
experience, since you both joined the fray later than I did.”
“It’s unlike you to miscalculate,” Mitsuru said. She looked at the book in Akechi’s hands.
“You’re reading books far past your reading level. It’s clear you’re quite intelligent.”
“Everybody makes mistakes, Mitsuru-senpai,” Akechi said. Such as, apparently, bringing up
his combat experience. “I hear you’re at the top of your grade. Would you like to say that
you’re perfect?”
“No, I suppose not,” Mitsuru conceded. “I was merely wondering if there was something
about your past you weren’t telling me, that’s all.”
Akechi smiled with all of his teeth. “It would be highly improbable that I’ve fought shadows
before joining SEES,” he said.
“How did your personas come to be so strong, then?” Mitsuru asked. “That level of strength
is unprecedented in a newly awakened persona.”
“I suppose I’m just special.”
Mitsuru and Akechi stared at each other for a long moment. Mitsuru broke away from the
stare first.
“I know you’re lying to me,” Mitsuru said. “But I’ll stop pushing. As long as it isn’t
endangering the group, you have the right to your own privacy.”

“Thank you,” Akechi said. “I promise. My past is of no consequence to you or the rest of the
group.”
“But is it of consequence to you?” Mitsuru asked quietly. Akechi had a feeling that she didn’t
mean for Akechi to hear that.
“It might as well have not even happened,” Akechi said firmly. “So, please, just put it out of
your mind.”
From the curious expression on Mitsuru’s face, she had no intention of forgetting.
Regardless, Akechi was confident that she was never going to discover the truth without
Akechi telling her himself. He reopened his book and continued to read.
Wakaba Isshiki, a young researcher of cognitive pscience, describes a potential cause for
Apathy Syndrome…
Akechi shut the book. Mitsuru shot him a confused glance.
“I just realized that I had some homework I forgot to complete,” Akechi lied. “If you’ll
excuse me.”
He intentionally left the book in the lounge as he hurried upstairs to his bedroom. Mitsuru
was kind enough not to chase him down with it.
Empress Arcana: Rank 6

As the culture festival approached, so did a typhoon. Emiko lamented that the school play the
class had been working on might be canceled. Akechi didn’t consider this any great loss (he
would die before SEES saw him playing a dancing tree), but he did worry about the effect a
typhoon might have on their operations.
On the eighteenth, Akechi, Ken, and Emiko looked up at the ginormous gray clouds and
decided that a leisurely walk filled with conversation was not worth being drenched. They
said goodbye to each other and then immediately began jogging back to their homes.
By the time Ken and Akechi had safely gotten inside the dorm, the rain had already begun to
come down. Yukari looked out the window with a worried expression.
“What’s wrong, Yukari-san?” Ken asked.
Yukari’s frown deepened. “Minato hasn’t come back yet,” she explained. “I hope he’s not
caught up in this.”
Looking equally concerned, Akihiko grabbed the remote from the sofa and turned on the
weather report.
“The Typhoon just hit the Iwatodai area half an hour ago,” the reporter said. “Researchers
say that it is the biggest one on record. It’ll move slowly through the area. Please stay off the

roads during this time.”
“Anyone could have known that,” Junpei complained. “Nobody would be brave enough to
try driving in this weather. I mean, look at that rain!”
The rain was coming down much harder than it had been a few minutes before. Judging from
its diagonal trajectory, the wind had picked up significantly too.
“So much for the school festival,” Yukari said, not sounding very disappointed. Akechi
remembered Junpei reporting that she had been chosen to dress as a maid for her classes’
maid cafe.
“There’s still hope,” Mitsuru said. “I’ll speak with the faculty. Surely, they’d be amenable to
rescheduling, especially after all of the effort the students put into it.”
“I wouldn’t count on it,” Akihiko said. “After a typhoon like this, teachers will be more
worried about catching up on the days of teaching we’re going to miss.”
“Ugh,” Junpei sighed. “This sucks. It’s like the typhoon came just to cancel our school
festival.”
“Typhoons do not have feelings,” Aigis said.
“Maybe it’s a government engineered typhoon,” Ken said. “There was an episode in, um…
never mind.”
“Let’s not start any conspiracy theories over extreme weather,” Akechi said dryly. “It’s just a
poorly timed typhoon.”
“What he said.” Shinjiro joined Yukari in looking out the window. The rain had not let up in
the slightest. “Do you think our fearless leader drowned out there?”
“That’s not funny, man,” Junpei said.
Yamagishi came downstairs, miraculously without her computer.
“Finally taking a break?” Mitsuru asked. “That’s good.”
“I’ve given up for the day,” Yamagishi admitted peevishly, sitting down next to Mitsuru.
“Normally, the rain helps me focus, but it’s coming down so hard I can hardly focus at all. I
hope it doesn’t cause too much damage.”
Koromaru made a small whimpering noise.
“Koro-chan is sad that he will not be able to walk in all of this rain,” Aigis said. “Or play
fetch.”
Minato chose that moment to finally burst inside, absolutely drenched. A small puddle of
water already began forming on the floor as he shut the doors behind him.

“What took you so long?” Yukari asked.
“Got distracted talking to Bebe,” Minato said, his teeth chattering together. “Didn’t realize
how bad it had gotten.”
“You mean that foreign exchange student?” Yukari asked. “I hope he didn’t get too caught up
in the storm.”
Minato continued to shiver as he nodded.
“You should change your clothing,” Mitsuru said. “You’ll get ill if you stay in those wet
clothes.”
Minato nodded again and began trudging upstairs. He did so at such an impressively slow
pace that Akechi had a bad feeling Minato was already sick.
“We have our break after this typhoon too,” Junpei said as he watched Minato with a worried
look. “How are all of you going to spend your break?”
“Oh, well, I’m going to a movie with Natsuki-chan,” Yamagishi said, ducking her head down
in embarrassment. “I know you all want me to take a break from trying to hack into Strega’s
website, and, if I’m being completely honest, I don’t feel like I’m making any progress at all.
I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be,” Shinjiro said. “Jin’s a genius on the computer. You won’t be cracking any of his
security anytime soon.”
“I’ll keep trying, though!” Yamagishi said with confidence. “But I’ll be taking more breaks in
between.”
“That’s good to hear,” Mitsuru said.
“We were going to have archery practice, but I doubt that’s going to happen with this storm,”
Yukari said.
“Yeah, the same is true for my training,” Akihiko said in a frustrated tone. “This is going to
mess up my routine.”
Junpei wore a large grin on his face. “Well, I’ll tell you where I’m going on my break.”
“You will be seeing Chidori-san,” Aigis said. “Although she is stabilized, we cannot release
her. That is why you must come to her.”
“Oh, um, yeah,” Junpei said. “Got it in one, Ai-chan! But you know what, she wants me to
come. It’s not like she gets a lot of visitors anyway.”
“It’s almost like you’re the only one she talks to,” Akechi said.
“I’m going to take that as a compliment!” Junpei said. “But it is a little concerning… Maybe
I’ll talk to her about branching out. Don’t want to get into one of those codependent

relationships they see in the movies, yeah?”
“Very wisely said,” Mitsuru said.
“What are you going to do during the break, Ken-kun?” Yamagishi asked.
Ken looked startled to be addressed. Akechi wondered if he had been paying any attention to
the conversation at all.
“Oh, I’ll probably visit the shrine, if the rain lets up in time,” Ken said.
“You sound like an old man,” Junpei complained. “A kid like you should be going to do fun
things.”
“I like it there,” Ken said. “It’s peaceful. Besides, you could say I’ve made a vow… What
about you Akechi-kun?”
“Oh, I don’t have any plans,” Akechi said. “I’ll just be doing what I always do, I suppose.”
“How are the two youngest members of our team the most boring?” Junpei asked. “When I
was your age, I was always hitting the town with my friends, watching movies, going to the
karaoke bar, that sort of thing.”
“We can’t all be you,” Akechi said pleasantly.
“Your loss.”
“Do you think Minato’s alright?” Yamagishi asked. “He hasn’t come back down yet.”
Akihiko jumped to his feet. “I’ll go check on him.”

Chapter End Notes

Junpei out here being a parallel for how Akira treated Akechi and Akechi still hating it.
ALSO i have another survey. :3
I'm just curious about predictions. There won't be p3 spoilers in it; it's just crytpic. click
HERE to win Molly's appreciation. I'll also tell you the results in the next chapter's end
notes.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments <3

Chapter 25: September 18–October 4, 2009
Chapter Summary

Akihiko has a birthday
Shinji continues to teach Akechi how to cook
Pretty uneventful if you ask me
YEP

Chapter Notes

tw: violence, guns, blood and injury, references to suicidal thoughts, references to death,
reference to suicide, ptsd, self loathing

See the end of the chapter for more notes

It turned out that Minato had fallen quite ill during his unfortunate walk in the pouring rain.
The older members of SEES took turns making sure he didn’t fall into a critical condition,
but Minato mostly suffered from a fever that he elected to sleep through.
Akechi sincerely hoped he wouldn’t be sick for long. The team was enough of a wreck
without his presence for a single hour. They would fall apart at the seams if he wasn’t in good
health by the time they needed to visit Tartarus again.
The typhoon went on for the next two days. During that time, Shinjiro dragged Akechi,
Akihiko, and Yamagishi into the kitchen to teach them some basic cooking skills.
Well, it would be more accurate to say that Shinjiro dragged Akihiko and Akechi. Yamagishi
volunteered to come along.
Akechi could only say that he learned how to cut vegetables without also cutting his fingers
in the process. And he learned that while one didn’t stir rice, one must stir boiling noodles.
This difference was infuriating.
“You guys could be worse,” Shinjiro said. “Although, you should focus more on
understanding basic cooking materials before cooking itself, Fuuka.”
Fuuka, who had mixed up tablespoon and teaspoon, and had preheated the oven to a
downright dangerous amount, blushed. “Right!” she said.

“Akihiko, you have the most potential at the moment,” Shinjiro said. “Keep up the good
work.”
Akechi proceeded to spend the rest of the day reading over various cooking websites and
watching videos. Or he tried. The storm was determined to take out their internet, and it was
mostly successful too. But his lessons with Shinjiro helped him realize how pathetic he was
in the culinary field. He needed to improve.
His determination had nothing to do with petty competition toward Akihiko.
That would be ridiculous.
On the second day of the typhoon, Shinjiro gave them another cooking lesson. Akechi
performed slightly more adeptly, and Shinjiro gave him a nod of approval. “You’re
improving. Good.”
When nobody was looking, Akechi shot a triumphant smirk in Akihiko’s direction.
The typhoon completely passed by the time Minato was well enough to get out of bed. He
looked exhausted, but he wasn’t a shivering mess either.
“Congratulations on surviving your illness,” Aigis informed him. “You should rest a little
longer to avoid falling ill again.”
Minato nodded before immediately leaving the dorms. Apparently, he felt that he had wasted
enough time being sick, and now he had to return to his various acquaintances. How many
social links did Minato even have?
“Sorry, Aigis-chan,” Yukari said. “You know how he is.”
“Yes,” Aigis said. She almost sounded sad. “But if he gets sick again; I can once again watch
over him at all times. Then, he will be safe from harm.”
“That’s… not something you should say so proudly.”
Ikutsuki came over to check on all of them after the typhoon. Yamagishi had already gone to
see her movie with Natsuki, and Ken left to check on the shrine. Akihiko decided to get a
head start on training, since he already missed two days.
“I came to see if everyone was doing alright, but I guess I’m a little late,” Ikutsuki said,
chuckling. “Is Minato doing alright?”
“His condition is back to normal,” Aigis reported. “He has already gone out to be with his
friends.”
“That’s great news,” Ikutsuki said, sitting down at his armchair. “Which is good, because I’m
afraid I have some bad news for you, Mitsuru.”
“What is it?” Mitsuru asked.

“In spite of your petitions otherwise, the faculty remains unmoved,” Ikutsuki said. “I’m
afraid the culture festival will not be rescheduled. Not even my puns were enough to melt
their ice-cold hearts.”
“Was that… meant to be a pun?” Junpei whispered to the air.
“It wasn’t my best work,” Ikutsuki admitted. “Anyway, I’m sorry to be the bearer of bad
news on such a sunny day.”
“I’m sure you did your best, Ikutsuki-san,” Mitsuru said diplomatically. She didn’t look
pleased by the news.
A few hours later, Akechi saw Ikutsuki slip away from the rest of the group and go upstairs to
the command room. Akechi followed him as stealthily as he was able and stood outside the
door.
Ikutsuki was speaking to himself, seemingly filling a report for their operation that full moon.
Akechi was surprised that he hadn’t done so sooner, seeing as it had already been about two
weeks since the event. Perhaps Ikutsuki had been too bogged down by his job as the
chairman.
Or, of course, he had more sinister things to complete.
Such thoughts were almost immediately expelled from Akechi’s mind when he heard the
chairman begin to brainstorm some truly monstrously bad puns.
“They threw shade on the shadow,” Ikutsuki said, giggling to himself.
Akechi couldn’t listen to this any longer. He opened the doors to the command room.
“Ikutsuki-san, are you in there?”
“Oh, Akechi-kun, you’ve arrived right on time!” Ikutsuki said, sounding drunk on the joy he
received from his ridiculous puns. “I’ve been brainstorming after all the rain we’ve had.
Want to help out?”
Akechi hated this man. He wanted to kill him for finding his absolutely ridiculous puns
funny.
“No.”
“Aw, come now, don’t be like that,” Ikutsuki said. “It’ll be fun! Or should I say–”
“Don’t finish that sentence,” Akechi said.
“I guess that one is too easy,” Ikutsuki admitted. He sighed. “And here I thought one of the
smartest people in SEES would be able to help me out.”
“Anyone can make your stupid puns,” Akechi said, throwing all false respect to the wind. “I
just think that we have better things to do.”

“Oh?” Ikutsuki asked. “If it’s so easy to come up with my puns, why don’t you tell me one?
I’d love to have new arson-al.”
Akechi frowned, baffled. “What does fire have to do with this?”
“It’s practice for when fire is relevant,” Ikutsuki said. “My arson arsenal.”
This was ridiculous, but he refused to let Ikutsuki think it took some special talent to make up
puns. Puns were ridiculous because they were so simple. They weren’t remotely clever at all.
Akechi opened his mouth, ready to fire a pun that Ikutsuki could have never dreamt of
coming up with on his own.
His mind came up empty.
He was Akechi Goro, detective prince, and he couldn’t think of a single pun. What would it
even be about? Hair? Air? What did hair and air have to do with anything? Maybe something
to do with glasses? What the hell was he meant to do with that? He couldn’t call Ikutsuki an
ass to his face, as tempting as the prospect was.
“Not as easy as it looks, is it?” Ikutsuki asked, tapping his finger against his head knowingly.
Akechi hated his smug look. “Just give me another minute,” he protested. “You caught me off
guard.”
“Oh, of course,” Ikutsuki said. “In the meantime, I’ll keep writing down my own ideas in my
notes.”
Ikutsuki began scribbling puns down in his notebook, and Akechi nearly tore his hair out of
his head in frustration. Why couldn’t he think of a single pun?
“It’s alright, Akechi-kun,” Ikutsuki said. “I can see your mind has failed you. It happens to
the best of us. You can just leave the puns to my ex-pun-tise.”
Akechi was going to kill him. Akechi was going to go into this man’s pun-filled palace and
murder him.
“I need to go,” Akechi said, spinning round and heading out of the room. “I wish you luck in
fulfilling your dream of a notebook filled with atrocious puns.”
“Ah, fulfill,” Ikutsuki said. “I see what you did there.”
Akechi fumed and slammed the door shut behind him.
He didn’t even make that pun on purpose.
Maybe that was a good thing. Akechi didn’t need any terrible puns marring his record.
Devil Arcana: Rank 7

“I hope you haven’t forgotten what day it is,” Shinjiro told Akechi threateningly the
following day. He was already making breakfast by the time Akechi came down to make his
own food. How early did Shinjiro wake up?
Akechi blinked tiredly and tried to remember the date. The twenty-first? No, it was the
twenty-second of September. What was significant about that date?
Oh, yes. It was Akihiko’s birthday. Shinjiro had mentioned wanting to celebrate it since
Akihiko had told Akechi to celebrate Shinjiro’s birthday.
“Of course, I haven’t,” Akechi said.
“Good. Get back here.”
Akechi joined Shinjiro, and Shinjiro gave Akechi a chocolate cake recipe. “Start measuring
out the dry stuff. Think you can manage that?”
“I know how to distinguish units of measurements, if that’s what you’re asking,” Akechi said,
pulling the measuring spoons from a drawer.
“Just checking.”
As Akechi began mixing the ingredients together, Shinjiro began having another coughing fit.
Akechi grimaced.
“What is going on?” Akechi asked. “I want a serious answer. What are the side effects for
these drugs?”
Shinjiro didn’t say anything as he cracked the eggs.
“Answer me!” Akechi snapped, slamming his hand down on the countertop. “What are these
side effects?”
“Let’s just say I’m not going to live to be one hundred years old,” Shinjiro said.
“And how old will you live to be?”
“I don’t know.”
It was an evasive answer. It could mean anything from 25 to 50. Akechi had a sinking feeling
it was on the lower scale.
“Of course you don’t,” Akechi muttered, mixing his ingredients with fresh ferocity.
“There’s nothing you can do about it, kid,” Shinjiro said. “I’m just trying to make the most of
the time I’ve got left.”
“Don’t start talking like that.”

“Goro–”
“Don’t.”
When Akihiko came downstairs an hour later, Shinjiro and Akechi placed the fruit of their
labor down in front of him on the table. Written in careful white icing letters on top of the
chocolate icing backdrop was You’re One Day Older Dumbass.
Akihiko read the words on the cake and looked up at Shinjiro and Akechi with an
unimpressed expression.
“Akechi wanted to do something for your birthday,” Shinjiro said immediately. “So, here you
go.”
“And I guess Akechi was the one who wrote these words too, huh?” Akihiko asked
doubtfully.
“Yep.”
Akechi was tired of birthdays. He never knew how he was meant to behave.
“Happy Birthday, Akihiko-senpai,” Akechi said.
“Oh yes, I can see that this was entirely your idea,” Akihiko said sarcastically. “You’ve been
waiting for this day.”
“Shut up and eat your cake,” Shinjiro said, placing an empty plate violently in front of
Akihiko.
“The entire thing?”
“Share if you’d like. I don’t care.”
“Oh, is it your birthday, Akihiko-senpai?” Yamagishi asked, having joined them downstairs.
“Apparently, I’m a day older,” Akihiko said. “Care to have a piece?”

October marked the change winter uniforms, which was fortuitous. The fall weather had
started to kick in after the typhoon, and the chill attacked their faces aggressively.
“Ken, if you do not tell me what’s going on with you, I am never speaking to you again,”
Akechi hissed at the beginning of their walk to school.
Ken gave him a look that was almost as icy as the temperature.
“You don’t need to be so dramatic,” he said.
“Yes, I think I do,” Akechi said, clenching his hands into fists. “You’ve been sulking on and
off for over a month now–”

“It’s not sulking–”
“You never tell me what’s going on–”
“Maybe it’s none of your business–”
“And you almost got us all killed last night!”
They had gone to Tartarus the night before, and although they had made it through most of
the block without any large obstacles, one of the strong guardians had nearly killed them all.
When Minato had commanded Ken to focus on healing, he had attacked the guardian instead.
It had almost cost Akihiko his life.
Goro wasn’t sure he had ever been so shaken to see a teammate bleeding out on the ground as
Akihiko screamed uncharacteristically. Maybe it was since the brush with death was so
avoidable. Ken was the one who refused to do his job.
Ken said nothing in response, and Akechi took that as an invitation to keep lecturing.
“It’s not like you to disobey direct orders,” Akechi said. “So I take it your behavior is a result
of your increasingly worsening mood. What the hell is going on? And don’t feed me that
milk bull.”
“I almost liked you better when you weren’t so mean,” Ken muttered, staring sullenly at the
sidewalk.
Instead of letting that statement sting, Akechi ignored the first part of that sentence.
“I’ll be less mean when you stop being ridiculous,” Akechi said. “Please, just swallow your
pride and trust me.”
“You wouldn’t understand.”
“You have no business assuming what I can or can’t understand,” Akechi snarled. “Tell me
what’s going on.”
Ken gave him one last resentful look before sighing. “Is there anything that you’ve been
waiting to do for years, and you finally have the chance to do it?”
“What does that mean?” Akechi’s chest clenched.
“Just answer the question.”
“Not until you answer mine,” Akechi snapped. “What does that mean?”
“Look, it’s just a hypothetical question,” Ken lied unconvincingly. “I’m talking to you about
what’s bugging me. Can’t you just answer the question?”
“Fine.” Akechi massaged his eyes. “Yes. Yes, there has been something I wanted to do for
years, and I did finally get the chance to do it.”

“What happened?” Ken asked
“I wasted the opportunity,” Akechi snapped. “Because I was stupid and reckless. Or, maybe,
the thing I wanted to do was stupid and reckless to begin with. I don’t know. Things were
different back then.”
“What happened?”
“Didn’t I tell you? I failed. And I lost everything because of it.”
“But… what were you trying to do?”
Akechi glared. “This isn’t about me, Ken. This is about you. What are you planning?”
“Well, if you’re not going to tell me the truth, then I don’t see why I have to tell you anything
either,” Ken snapped, looking away. “How am I meant to trust you?”
“I guess that’s your call to make,” Akechi spat, unable to believe Ken’s stubbornness. The
next full moon was in two days, and he would kill them all with that sort of attitude.
When Emiko joined them half-way, she looked back and forth between their angry faces and
frowned.
“Are you fighting?” she asked.
“No,” both Ken and Akechi said at once.
“You are,” Emiko said accusingly. “What’s going on?”
“Something’s bothering Ken, and he won’t tell me what’s going on,” Akechi said.
“Akechi should just leave me alone,” Ken said.
Emiko tilted her head. “Well, are you hurting anyone by having a bad mood?” she asked.
“Yes,” Akechi said with extra emphasis. Ken didn’t respond.
“Then, maybe working out how to make you feel better will help!” Emiko smiled. “You don’t
have to tell Akechi everything, but we could try to help you cheer up.”
Akechi didn’t like that idea at all. Ken’s mood had been so long and laborious that it wasn’t
going to be cured from a cheering up. It needed to be discussed and dealt with.
Then again, Akechi wasn’t exactly an expert on healthy communication.
“Alright.” Ken visibly cheered, although Akechi had a feeling that was only because he
wanted to get Akechi off of his back. “I’ll try it your way, Emiko.”
For the rest of the day, Emiko went out of her way to compliment Ken and tell funny jokes.
For the sake of the peace of the group, Akechi tried his best not to show his attitude toward
the affair.

“I’m sorry about last night,” Ken said later that day. “I wasn’t thinking.”
“That’s one word for it.” Akechi sighed at Ken’s expectant look. “I’m not going to apologize
for lecturing you.”
“You could’ve been nicer about it.”
“Fine. I’m sorry for lecturing you so meanly.”
“Good enough.” Ken’s expression sobered. “Look, all of this will be over soon.”
“What does that mean?” Akechi asked.
“Don’t worry about it.”
Somehow, Akechi didn’t find that comforting whatsoever.
Justice Arcana: Rank 7

Ken got quieter over the course of the next couple of days. Not everyone seemed to notice the
change, but Akechi could catch Shinjiro stealing concerned glances in Ken’s direction.
On October fourth, only ten minutes before everyone agreed to meet for the full moon
operation, Akechi received a text from Ken.
Amada Ken: Tell the others I won’t be there tonight. I don’t want to endanger everyone.
Akechi stared at the message in complete bafflement. Was this about what Akechi had said
on Friday? Was Ken seriously bitter about that? Akechi assumed Ken was too lost in his
world of self-pity to even listen to a word Akechi was saying about endangerment.
Something was certainly bothering Ken, but refusing to participate in a major mission was
beyond out of character. Akechi pocketed his phone and stepped outside of his room to knock
on Ken’s door.
“Ken-kun?” Akechi asked. “Are you in there?”
No response. Akechi strained his ears, but he couldn’t even hear any shuffling. Seeing as Ken
had sent him the text message only moments ago, Ken couldn’t have fallen asleep in such a
short time. Right?
Out of the corner of his eye, Akechi spotted Shinjiro heading downstairs, wearing a frown on
his face. Frowning wasn’t particularly odd for Shinjiro, but the glimmer behind his eyes was
strange. Was it determination? Acceptance? Why was he going downstairs instead of upstairs
to the command room?
Maybe Akechi was reading too much into this, but Shinjiro was the only one who also
seemed to notice that something was going on with Ken. Was Ken’s refusal to participate in

the mission and Shinjiro’s worried behavior connected?
Akechi grabbed his evoker from his bedroom and tucked it underneath his jacket. He ran
down the stairs and reached the ground floor just in time to see Shinjiro slip outside.
Akechi bit back the urge to scream. Was Shinjiro still endangering himself in secret? And
what did this have to do with Ken?
A sick feeling settled in Akechi’s stomach. The others were surely waiting for him, but…
Minato could handle the shadows. Already, Akechi was concocting scenario after scenario,
each getting worse than the next. All of them involved Shinjiro and Ken being dead.
As quietly as possible, Akechi chased after Shinjiro. Akechi had plenty of experience in
sneaking from a distance, and Shinjiro wasn’t cautious at all. He didn't bother to check his
surroundings as he walked to his unknown destination. The Dark Hour hadn’t started yet;
Akechi had the advantage of other pedestrians to hide his presence.
Oddly enough, Shinjiro got on the monorail and stepped off at Port Island Station. A few
minutes later, the Dark Hour began. Akechi increased the distance between himself and
Shinjiro.
Shinjiro ducked behind that same alley that Akechi used to find him hiding during the day.
Ken’s voice emerged from behind the wall, and Akechi broke into a jog. His hand closed
around his evoker as he skidded around the corner.
Ken stood in the alleyway, pointing his spear at Shinjiro’s chest. Without thinking, Akechi
clicked off the safety of his evoker and pointed it directly at Ken’s head.
“Goro-kun?” Ken asked, his eyes wide.
“What are you doing here?” Shinjiro asked roughly.
Akechi’s entire body tensed. It was the only way he could stop his arm from shaking.
“I followed Shinjiro,” Akechi said. “Lower the spear.”
“You stay out of this,” Ken snapped.
“You don’t know me at all if you think I’m going to leave this alone.” Akechi raised his
voice. “What the hell is going on?!”
Ken only shifted into a securer fighting stance; he didn’t point his spear away from Shinjiro.
“Why do you keep having to butt your nose into everything anyway? This is between me and
Shinjiro.”
“Like hell it is!”
Akechi didn’t know what to do. He was trapped between two horrible scenarios, and the only
thing he could think of doing was take another step closer to Ken. His evoker hovered

millimeters away from Ken’s head, even though it was just an evoker. It couldn’t kill
anything or anyone. It was useless, but Akechi needed some semblance of control, or he
thought he might die.
Ken’s breathing wavered, even though he also knew damn well that Akechi couldn’t hurt him
like this.
Shinjiro spoke.
“Goro, you need to let–”
“If you tell me to leave the two of you alone, then I will be the one killing you, Shinjiro!”
Shouting felt like the only way he could even breathe. “You think this is just about you two?
What about Akihiko? What about everyone else who cares about you?!”
Ken’s expression hardened. “I need to do this.”
Akechi’s following inhale was knives inside his chest. “I don’t know what’s going on,”
Akechi said. “Maybe because you don’t feel inclined to tell me jack shit. But Shinjiro isn’t
worth killing.”
Shinjiro made a doubtful noise from the back of his throat.
“You don’t know anything!” Ken’s voice cracked. “You’re just like all of the adults, acting
like you can speak to the pain only I feel!”
“If you would talk to me, then maybe I would understand!” Akechi looked at Shinjiro, whose
expression was just as passive as it always was. “Tell me that Shinjiro is a vile, evil creature.
Look me in the eye and explain!”
“He killed my mom!”
Justice Arcana: Rank 8

This was their second full moon in a row where they didn’t have their entire group on hand.
And this time, instead of just one friend going missing, it was three of them.
“They couldn’t all have been kidnapped, could they?” Junpei asked. He couldn’t have
screwed things up again, could he?
God, and if it was the kids being tortured this time…
“Shinjiro just notified me that he would not be able to come today,” Fuuka said. Junpei
almost laughed in relief. “And I don’t sense any members of Strega nearby. Without Chidori,
they shouldn’t be able to mask their presence.”
“That’s something,” Yukari said. “But what’s going on?”

“Perhaps Ken and Akechi decided to engage in some elementary-school aged rebellion, and
Shinjiro decided to intercede,” Ikutsuki said. “I’m sure they’ll be fine. For now, let’s focus on
the shadow. This will be our tenth one. There’s only a few left over all.”
Akihiko looked like he swallowed a lemon. He glanced in Mitsuru-senpai’s direction, and she
wore a very similar expression.
“Hopefully, they come one at a time,” Yukari said. “I don’t know how well we’re going to
handle two enemies without Ken and Akechi on our side.”
“I sense two presences by Iwatodai station!” Fuuka said. In a different circumstance, Junpei
might have laughed at the dramatic irony. Instead, he groaned.
“Are you kidding me?” he asked. “We have enough going on without having to fight two
shadows at once!”
“There are still seven fighters in total,” Aigis said. “We should be more than a match for two
dangerous shadows.”
“That’s the spirit,” Ikutsuki said. “You should all get going. I have complete faith in you
guys.”
That made one person.

It was amazing how the world could both move slower and faster all at the same time.
Akechi remembered watching the bullet that ended his life. As it inched forward, Akechi was
aware of every minute detail. Cognitive Akechi’s final smirk. The shadows’ loud shuffling.
Akira’s scream. Something punching the other side of the partition. The blood already
draining Akechi’s body. Wondering why anyone would think what he had done was heroic. A
sharp pain.
And yet, it happened all at once. A loud bang and his life ended.
The same thing was happening. Ken’s uneven breathing. Shinjiro’s angry expression.
Akechi’s own heart rate beating frantically against his chest. The distant sounds of
explosions. The sweat gathering up around Akechi’s palm where he was gripping his evoker.
The chill in the air making his lungs burn.
A memory welled up from the locked recesses of Akechi’s mind. His mother’s body, cold and
pale. Her lifeless eyes staring up at the ceiling. Still inside the overflowing bathtub. No note.
No warning. She had been happy that day. She made Akechi an omelet with rice that
morning. She kissed him on the head. She apologized for being sharp with him the day before
and promised to do better.
A smile. Warm breakfast. A kiss on the head. Apologies with empty promises.
Lifeless eyes. Cold hands. A body submerged in water. A nonexistent note.

Abandonment.
No, a young Akechi thought when he remembered his mother’s tears over a man Akechi
never met, Murder.
It was so much better to believe his sorry excuse for a father caused his mother to die, and not
the burden Akechi imposed upon her. He never fully believed it, but it was a comfort. A
poison. Something that became his undoing.
Ken was just like Akechi. Fatherless. Alone with a mother who should love him. And from
what Akechi could tell, Ken’s mother had loved him. Loved him in a way that Akechi’s
mother never could in the mess of her life. Akechi’s world had fallen apart when his mother
had died. Ken’s surely did the same.
If Shinjiro had truly killed his mother, did Akechi have any business trying to stop Ken from
getting justice? Did Akechi have any right, considering his shitshow of a life?
No. Something whispered in the back of his mind. This is wrong.
“What happened?” Akechi asked, his voice hollow. He didn’t look at Shinjiro.
“Two years ago today… it was October fourth–” Ken’s voice was shaking. “They all said it
was an accident, but I saw it! You summoned your persona, and it… it killed her!”
This time, Akechi did look at Shinjiro.
Shinjro hadn’t looked away from Ken, but his expression was almost ashamed.
“Is this true?” Akechi whispered.
“Yes.”
Goro’s mind went blank as Shinjiro continued, “There was a shadow, and I lost control of my
persona.”
A tidal wave of emotions nearly drowned Akechi’s mind. Rage, at not having known this
before. Grief, for himself, for Ken, even for the innocence Shinjiro had lost at that moment
two years ago. Fear at what was about to happen. And relief. Because it was an accident.
Shinjiro didn’t kill Ken’s mother in cold blood. There was no intent. There was only
carelessness.
Akechi shouldn’t have been relieved. Carelessness was dangerous. It was deadly. It was the
sort of thing that made Akechi hate Sakamoto, despise the phantom thieves and their
ridiculous sense of justice.
But Shinjiro did care, didn’t he? He cared enough to quit SEES entirely. He cared enough to
take drugs that had unknown but undoubtedly dangerous side effects. Whatever had
happened, it had not happened with malice.
Somehow, that made all the difference.

“Ken,” Akechi said. His voice trembled. “I will make myself very clear. If you kill Shinjiro,
then I will kill you.”
Ken’s shock gave way to pure rage, and he briefly took his eyes off Shinjiro to give Akechi a
look of pure betrayal. “Fine. But you can’t stop me.”
Akechi hadn’t been expecting that. The numb shock that had been seeping into Akechi’s
bones was starting to boil. If Akechi didn’t act quickly, if he didn’t use his worthless brain
soon, then Shinjiro and Ken might be lost to him forever. Even if Akechi didn’t go through
with his word. Even if Ken stepped away from the kill unscathed. He wouldn’t be the same.
He would be changed forever by his deed, even if Ken didn’t seem to think so.
“Listen to me!” Akechi’s voice cracked painfully. “It was a mistake! A terrible mistake, an
unforgivable mistake, but an unintentional one! I know how you feel, Ken; I swear I know
that bitterness so well, that desire for justice, but–”
“Shut up!” Ken screamed. “Just shut up!”
“Shinjiro feels remorse!” Akechi screamed back, matching him in volume. “He regrets! Not
because someone told him to! Not because someone stole his heart and forced him to change!
He regrets it because he’s not the kind of person that deserves to be killed for the sake of
revenge!”
“You don’t know a thing about me,” Shinjiro snarled. Akechi could hardly believe what he
was hearing.
“Do you want to die?!”
“I want to atone.”
“Atonement isn’t death!” Akechi’s arm trembled, but he ignored it. “Atonement is living with
what you’ve done and moving forward! Death is just the coward’s way out!”
“That’s not for you to decide, damnit!” Shinjiro snapped.
Tears were sliding down Ken’s face. “I hate you,” he whispered. Akechi didn’t know who he
was talking to. “Changes of heart? Who cares about that? I just want my mom, and you took
her from me!”
“Killing Shinjiro won’t change anything!” Akechi inhaled sharply. “You’ll still be as alone as
you always have been, except you’ll also be a murderer!”
“I’ll be able to avenge my mom!” Ken retorted, tears still freely falling. “And then–”
He cut himself off.
“And then, what?” Akechi whispered, his voice shaking. “You’ll be happy? You’ll feel
peace? You won’t. This will continue to eat away at you for the rest of your goddamn life,
and you won’t know rest–”

“What would you know,” Ken asked in a dangerous tone.
“I KNOW!” Akechi brought his evoker away from Ken’s head in one violent motion. He
couldn’t bear to stand so still anymore. “I have killed hundreds, maybe thousands of people,
Amada.” Ken’s jaw dropped. “My search for revenge, my desire to watch the man who
ruined my entire existence realize that I ruined him, led me to look my only friend in the eyes
and shoot him through the forehead! Anything I felt when I saw the blood spill on that table?
I pushed it away! It’s for my justice, my petty, glorified revenge!”
Ken and Shinjiro stared at Akechi, both wearing dumbstruck expressions. Akechi laughed
bitterly, stumbling backwards. The world was ending anyway; Akechi might as well spill it
all.
“Do you want to know the best part?” Akechi said softly, his voice raw from screaming. “It
didn’t matter. My father knew what I was planning the entire time. He used my thirst for
revenge and used it as a fucking leash. And then he killed me for it.” Akechi lifted his evoker
and jabbed it in Ken’s direction. “That’s what happens when you let revenge consume you,
Amada. It takes and it takes and it takes until there’s nothing left, not even your own pathetic
life.”
“Shit,” Shinjiro whispered underneath his breath.
Ken’s entire body was shaking now. His spear was pointing at the pavement. Did Ken even
realize he had lowered it?
Akechi’s eyes burned. Tears slipped down his face. When had that started? Akechi couldn’t
remember the last time he had cried.
High-pitched, practically gleeful laughter echoed off the walls of the alley. Slow clapping and
footsteps echoed from around the corner. Akechi felt as though someone had poured ice
down the back of his shirt.
Takaya stepped into view, wearing a smirk that could kill. He was still clapping, carelessly
letting his revolver dangle in the grip of just a few fingers.
“That was quite the show,” Takaya said. “I knew I liked you, Goro.”
Moon Arcana: Rank 6

The shadow was a massive pain in the ass. Minato was fortunately extremely good at
stopping that stupid fortune spinner thingy on colors and symbols that benefited them and not
the shadows. If it weren’t for that, they might have all died horrible and unlucky deaths.
Judging from Akihiko’s expression, however, Junpei had a feeling that their luck just ran out.
“Have you located Shinjiro and the others?” Mitsuru asked Fuuka, wearing an identical
expression to Akihiko.

“Not yet,” Fuuka said. “I’m still working on it.”
Akihiko’s face went pale. “What day is it today?”
“It is October 4,” Aigis supplied. “2009.”
“I’m going to go looking for them on my own for a while,” Akihiko said, turning around at a
pace that was much faster than someone who was looking for the sake of looking. “Go back
without me.”
He ran toward their magic Dark Hour bus. Naturally, they all followed, even though Junpei
hated Mitsuru’s driving.

“Go to hell,” Shinjiro snapped, stepping in front of Akechi and Ken.
“The loss of Chidori has been a trial to us, but I knew I had to intervene to stop you from
destroying the Dark Hour,” Takaya said, still grinning. “I wasn’t prepared to witness a killer
attempt to talk a child out of killing yet another killer. Truly, a spectacular display of futility.”
The tip of Ken’s spear scraped against the pavement. Akechi turned his evoker toward
Takaya. “Get out.”
“Why shouldn’t Ken-kun here get his revenge?” Takaya asked, tilting his head. “Does not our
justice system kill those they deem to be killers? Intent rarely matters in the courts.”
“This isn’t our fucked-up justice system, and this isn’t any of your business,” Shinjiro
snarled. “Now, get the hell out of here, or I’ll make you.”
Takaya wore a hurt expression as he put his hand on his chest. “You wouldn’t kill me, would
you? Goro-kun had so much faith in your intentions.”
“Don’t call him that!” Ken shouted.
Takaya’s expression was long-suffering. His eye twitched as he looked at Akechi.
“Why do you tether yourself to such meaningless individuals?” Takaya asked. “If you truly
have experienced it once before, then you should know better than anyone that death is
nothing to fear. It is the loss of these people, these friends, that causes you to lose all sense of
reason.”
“I didn’t ask you,” Akechi said. “In fact, if you don’t leave right now, I’ll make sure your
death sticks.”
“These two that you’ve so desperately tried to protect tonight are worth even less of your
time than the others,” Takaya said with disdain. “Neither are long for this world.”
“What are you talking about?” Ken asked.

“Your health seems to have declined as of late, Shinjiro-kun,” Takaya said, smirking in
Shinjiro’s direction. “You shall die, regardless of this boy’s actions here.”
“Everyone dies,” Shinjiro said. “There’s no need to be dramatic.”
“Those pills.” Takaya’s smile faded away. “You’ve been taking them for some time now. You
don’t have long left.”
Shinjiro protested, but his face wasn’t one of a man realizing he was going to die. It was the
face of a child who had been caught in a lie.
“What’s he talking about?!” Ken demanded, turning toward Shinjiro with newfound rage.
“You’re dying,” Akechi said. “You bastard, you’re actively dying, and you couldn’t even tell
Akihiko.”
“That’s–”
“You’re dying?” Ken asked. “No matter what I do? That’s not fair! All this time I’ve been
waiting for this moment! And it’s going to be for nothing?!”
“The cause of death is not important,” Takaya said flippantly. “Besides, the breath of life is
faint in you as well, child. After you killed him, you planned on ending your own existence,
did you not?”
Ken didn’t say anything. Akechi was going to throw up.
Two deaths. If Akechi hadn’t followed, there could have been two deaths tonight. There still
might yet be two deaths. Three deaths, even.
And no matter what, Shinjiro was a dead man walking. How much time did he have left?
Months? Years? Weeks?
“Now you see,” Takaya told Akechi. “This is what tying yourself to pathetic human beings
gets you. Grief and loss and senseless violence. You would do far better to abandon them all
entirely.”
Takaya was right, but Akechi hated Takaya. Akechi wasn’t in the habit of agreeing with
people he hated.
“And join you?” Akechi asked. “I don’t fucking think so.”
“Well, regardless,” Takaya said, pointing his gun at Ken. “If you fools are both destined to
perish, then allow me to do the honors. It won’t change much.”
Shinjiro growled. “Go to hell!”
Shinjiro sprinted toward Takaya. Akechi and Ken both screamed as Takaya fired a bullet
directly into Shinjiro’s chest. Shinjiro toppled to the ground, gasping in pain as he curled in
on himself.

As Takaya pointed his gun at Shinjiro’s head, Akechi jumped in front of Ken. “Ken, listen to
me,” Akechi said. “Summon your persona right now. Heal him, I don’t care how you feel,
just heal–”
“I wouldn’t do that if I were you,” Takaya said. “Or I’ll shoot your friend’s head right away.”
If they waited, Shinjiro would die from blood loss.
If they acted, Shinjiro would die from a bullet in his head.
Akechi stood still, doing his best to keep Ken completely hidden behind him. Ken’s breathing
hitched in and out loudly. Goro didn’t take his eyes off the blood puddling beneath Shinjiro.
“Now, with the life you still have left, tell me one thing,” Takaya said to Shinjiro, whose
shaking hand reached into his coat pockets. “There’s one like Chidori in your number, is
there not? Tell me who they are, and I will make your death swift.”
“I ain’t telling you–”
“It’s me!” Ken said, pushing himself out from behind Akechi. “I’m the one.”
Takaya looked away from Shinjiro and stared at Ken with a curious expression.
“No, you are not,” Akechi snapped. “We had a support role in our group long before you
joined, and I am not letting you sacrifice yourself for them. Nobody is dying tonight.”
Except Takaya.
“Apart from that last statement, Goro has a point, I’m afraid,” Takaya sighed. “But… it could
be a lie to protect you. He does seem to have an unhealthy attachment to you in particular.”
Shinjiro kept gasping for breath. “No,” he muttered, bringing his hand to his mouth.
Suddenly, he slumped.
A cold shot of fear pierced Akechi’s entire core. Was he dead?
“Well, it doesn’t matter,” Takaya said, raising his gun–
No. Nobody was dying tonight. Not even if Goro had to walk through hell to drag Shinjiro
back himself.
Akechi pressed his evoker to his own head without a second thought. A familiar presence,
like an old friend, rose to meet his call.
“Hereward!”
With a burst of light, Hereward appeared. It had been so long since Akechi summoned him
that he seemed larger than life in the cramped alleyway. In a single arch, Hereward sliced his
sword across Takaya’s body, ripping a massive gash in his torso. Takaya shouted, pressed a
hand against his bleeding injury, and shot in the direction of Shinjiro’s head.

But Shinjiro was already standing, and Takaya’s bullet bounced off the pavement, leaving a
scorch mark in its wake.
“Shinji!” Akihiko’s voice screamed. Hurried footsteps echoed closer, and Takaya sighed.
“Disappointing...” he said through gritted teeth, still reeling from his injury. He stumbled
backwards. “But do not think that this is over.”
He ran away, and the others filled the alley, their expressions all aghast.
“Senpai!” Fuuka exclaimed, seeing the terrible bloodstain on Shinjiro’s coat.
Shinjiro coughed as Akihiko sprinted up to him.
“Heal him,” Akechi told Ken, his old fear returning. “Heal him right this damn instant, I
swear to god–”
“Akechi,” Shinjiro said.
“Ken, take my evoker, just do it–”
“Goro!”
Akechi lurched toward Shinjiro. “I am sick of your self-sacrificial bull–”
“I’m fine,” Shinjiro said, patting his chest. “The injury’s gone.”
Akechi froze, staring intently at the spot where the blood stain should be getting worse. No
blood was trickling out of Shinjiro’s mouth. He did not lose his footing from where he was
standing.
He was alive. He wasn’t dying. Not of a bullet wound, at least.
“Oh,” Akechi said, his voice faint. “Good.”
The world spun rapidly around him, and Akechi passed out without another word.
Hermit Arcana: Rank 7

Chapter End Notes

OKAY
Results from last week survey include:
51.5% of you said things would not go as canon.
21.6% of you said things Would go as canon

and a whopping 26.9% of y'all don't know the plot of persona 3 (I am wildly impressed
that you guys are still here. Kudos to you.)
This would normally be the part where I say "wow you guys have so much faith in me"
but a lot of you guys in the comments said you didn't really believe in your vote of "no"
so most of you guys didn't believe in me at all. /lh
Shinjiro won the great social link competition with with a solid 54 votes. Minato got
second place with forty one votes, and Mitsuru barely beat Emiko for third place with 30
votes (Emiko had 28).
If you want to see a more detailed roster of responses, check out my tumblr post. Thank
you to everyone who participated!
ANYWAY:
Fyi in case you're wondering how shinji lived, dw, i'll explain. if you're not wonder,
that's cool too.
I hope you enjoyed this chapter. We're really in the thick of it now. Thank you for
reading and please be nice in the comments. <3
OMG, is this yet another plea to BINGE READERS? I think it might! Perhaps drink
water, or take a walk, or ignore this PSA completely!

Chapter 26: October 4–7, 2009
Chapter Summary

Junpei would really like to be the main character of this fic
Alas he does not succeed
Yet

Chapter Notes

tw: panic attacks, ptsd, blood and injury, self-destructive behavior, takaya, self-loathing,
references to death, (dream) corpses

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Akechi fell, and Ken let out a sharp cry as his head hit the pavement with a loud thud. Junpei
balked. Did he get hurt during whatever private battle they had after abandoning them all?
Was he okay?
Junpei knew that he should be running to check, but Shinjiro and Ken were both already on
top of him. Ken was healing Akechi of his probably-definitely concussion–his head had hit
the ground really hard–and Shinjiro was lifting Akechi into his arms.
“What happened?” MItsuru asked, not one to waste time.
Ken didn’t say anything. Junpei would have had to have been a real dumbass not to have seen
the tear tracks covering his cheeks, and Junpei half wondered if Ken was going to cry even
more. Not that Junpei would have blamed the kid. Even men needed a good cry every now
and then.
“I’ll tell you when we get back to the dorms,” Shinjiro said. “I take it you defeated the
shadow?”
“Two of them, even,” Minato said.
“Good.” Shinjiro gave them all an approving nod before breaking out into a coughing fit.
Junpei was slightly worried he was going to drop Akechi, but his hold was firm. Akechi did
not splat onto the pavement again.

Akihiko looked like he wanted to say or ask more, and Junpei was right there with him. Ken
was showing more emotion than he usually allowed himself to in front of the team. Shinjiro
was showing emotions other than “broody mc-brood” and Akechi was still unconscious in
Shinjiro’s arms. Junpei was waiting for him to wake up and start hissing like an angry cat.
Junpei was never going to use that metaphor around Akechi. He’d get murdered for sure.

“Hello, Goro,” his mother’s voice was soft as she fingered his hair. “It’s time to wake up
now.”
Akechi burrowed himself deeper into his blankets. If he continued to pretend to sleep, maybe
this moment would never end.
“I know you’re awake,” his mother hummed. “You have to get ready for school.”
“I don’t like school,” Akechi said into his pillow. “It’s boring.”
“I thought you had friends?”
Akechi did have friends, didn’t he? Recently, things had been tense between him and Amada,
but they could work through it. And Akechi didn’t loathe Emiko’s company.
Akechi opened his eyes. He rolled over to greet his mother, but she was gone. The room was
dark and empty.
“Mom?” Akechi asked, sitting up and slipping out of bed. “Are you there?”
A butterfly flew past Akechi and deeper into the hall. Akechi followed it to a door, and he
opened it.
Akira’s body was slumped on the interrogation table. Blood was still puddling around his
head and dripping onto the floor. Akechi crept closer.
“Akira?” he asked, hesitantly touching Akira’s shoulder.
Akira suddenly sat up, but his eyes were still glassy and unseeing. “It’s time to wake up,
Goro,” he said.
Akechi stumbled backwards. This wasn’t Akira. This was a shadow, and Akechi knew how to
deal with shadows. He pulled out his gun and shot Akira between the eyes, right underneath
the existing bullet hole. Akira disappeared into a pile of black dust.
A hand touched Akechi’s shoulder, and Akechi spun around, yanking himself from its grip.
It was his mother, staring at him with more dead eyes. Behind her, Ken and Shinjiro’s dead
bodies lay sprawled in a back alley. Akechi shut his eyes. Hadn’t they lived? They were
supposed to live–

“It’s time to wake up, Goro,” his mother’s voice said. “It’s time to face reality.”
Akechi didn’t want to face reality. He wanted to stay where it was safe, but he didn’t feel safe
anywhere.
“Do you really think I could be friends with you?” Ken spat, appearing out of nowhere. “A
murderer?”
“A pathetic monster,” Shinjiro agreed.
“A useless son,” his mother added.
Akira smiled and tilted his head. “A traitor.”
“It’s time to wake–”

Akechi’s eyes shot open, and he held his breath until he got a grasp on his bearings.
He was lying on the couch in the lounge of the dorms. Everybody was sitting in the room,
and Akechi spotted Shinjiro and Ken sitting as far away from each other as possible. Alive.
Akechi exhaled. Alive. They were alive. Nobody had died.
“You’re awake!” Yukari exclaimed, jumping to her feet. “We were beginning to get worried.”
Akechi sat up, hating to behave any weaker than he already had. Passing out in front of
everyone? Without an injury or a particularly high use of energy to justify it? They must be
embarrassed by his behavior.
“Shinjiro told us what happened,” Mitsuru said. “If it weren’t for your intervention, tonight
might have gone much differently.”
Akechi’s heart sank, and he hated himself for it. He was not going to act like a child about
this. Akechi had told Ken and Shinjiro the truth of his own volition. It was their right to
inform the others that they were working alongside a killer.
Akechi stood up. “In that case, I’ll gather my things,” he said. “I’m sure you don’t want me
on the team anymore.”
Shinjiro's eyes widened as Minato frowned and said, “What are you talking about?”
“Wait–” Ken began.
“I’m sure Shinjiro told you that I’m a murderer and a snake,” Akechi said. “There’s no need
to pretend he didn’t. I’m sure you don’t trust me anymore, so just let me fucking leave on my
own terms.”

The stunned silence was deafening. Even Junpei looked surprised at Akechi’s apparent
confession.
“I… hadn’t told them that yet, actually,” Shinjiro said, giving Akechi an unimpressed look.
Akechi felt all of the blood drain from his face. Shit.
“I, well, then.” Akechi swallowed and bowed. “If you’ll excuse me.”
Akechi turned around and sprinted upstairs before he had another breakdown with an
audience. Akihiko and Mitsuru already leapt to their feet, demanding he stay and answer their
questions. Akechi ignored them. As he rounded the corner of the stairs, he could hear
Shinjiro and Ken begin explaining what Akechi had confessed earlier that night.
Akechi entered his bedroom and slammed the door shut behind him. He locked the door
tightly. He locked the window as well; Takaya was not going to spring any unwelcome visits
on him.
Akechi began pacing. What were they saying down there? Were they contemplating turning
him into the police? They wouldn't have any grounds to do so; all of Akechi’s murders had
occurred at least four years from now. Maybe they were planning on killing him. Or they
were trying to decide how they were going to kick him from the team. Would they lump him
in with Strega and decide that he was their enemy?
Anger and fear overwhelmed Akechi, and he seized the lamp on his desk and flung it across
the room. It shattered, leaving glass shards on the wooden floor. Akechi would have to clean
that. Had the others heard? Damnit, damnit, damnit, Akechi didn’t have time for this. He
needed to make a plan. He needed to figure something out, he needed to–
Someone knocked on his door. Akechi froze.
“Akechi-kun?” It was Ken. Somehow, Akechi froze even more than he already had. “Can we
talk?”
No. If they talked, it would only be a confirmation of Akechi’s fears, and then Akechi might
do something he really regretted. It was better that Akechi push people away now, so that
things could end on his own terms. He wasn’t the one who was going to be abandoned.
“Fuck off,” Akechi snapped, tugging at his hair.
“Goro–”
“JUST GO AWAY!”
Silence. Footsteps fading in volume. Akechi’s ragged breathing.
Akechi shouldn’t be reacting like this. Hadn’t he only joined SEES to use them in the first
place? To find out more about Tsuyoshi, to try to figure out why he had time traveled?
Akechi didn’t give a damn about the world or the Dark Hour. He was only there for his own

benefit. SEES discovering his true nature should make Akechi feel no more than he had when
the majority of the Phantom Thieves had turned away from him.
So why was Akechi acting like his entire world was falling apart at the seams? Had he
seriously gotten attached? Had he deceived himself into thinking that he could actually make
friends in this timeline? That he could be different?
People didn’t change. Desires changed, but people didn’t. And corrupt desires came from
corrupt people, which happened to be every single person in the human race. But Akechi
managed to set himself apart from the mess that was humanity. He managed to be worse.
He could pretend all he wanted that he was getting a second chance, that things would be
different, but would they really? Akechi was still the same screwed up human being he’d
always been. And if that didn’t change, what hope did his actions have of changing too?
Akechi needed to leave. He needed to get away from these people and their illusions of
justice and saving the world. But where would he go? Back to the foster system? Akechi
would rather die. And he wasn’t going to skip into Shido or Takaya’s laps either. He was
trapped. Trapped with people who might do away with him any minute now.
Akechi didn’t sleep that night.

The next morning, Mitsuru knocked on his door. Akechi waited for her to kick it open, to
demand that they talk. Criminals didn’t have rights to privacy, after all.
“Are you hungry?” Mitsuru asked. “You’ve been in there for quite a while.”
“I’m not hungry,” Akechi snapped. There was already food stashed in his room. Old habits
died hard.
A pause. “Akechi-kun,” Mitsuru said. “We just want to talk–”
“Maybe I don’t want to waste time with self-righteous idiots.” Akechi jumped to his feet and
paced toward the door. “You think you can just fix things with a simple conversation, as if
that will make the bad things go away. It doesn’t change a thing! Shinjiro’s still dying, and
I’m still a murderer!”
“I know what you’re trying to do, but it’s not going to work–”
Akechi needed to make his next words sting, or Mitsuru might never leave him alone.
“Kirijo-san, I know that you like to think yourself in charge of the group, but absolute power
corrupts absolutely. If you’re not careful, you’re going to turn out just like your grandfather,
so leave me the hell alone.”
It was amazing how carefully choosing the correct words can turn everyone away from him.
Just take one insecurity, one fear, and twist into someone’s ego like a knife. That was all it
took to make someone hate him.

Mitsuru left, but someone else came in her place. Akechi wondered if they had a procession
at the ready just to get Akechi out of his bedroom.
“You’re going to miss school,” Minato’s raspy voice came from the other side of the door.
“Aren’t you a perfect student or something?”
“Have Ken tell them I’m sick,” Akechi snapped. “I don’t give a shit anymore. It’s not like
any of it matters.”
For a moment, Akechi thought Minato left.
“It does matter,” Minato said quietly.
“Are you trying to fool me or yourself right now? Because it’s not going to work.”
Minato backed off after that. The apathy that Akechi used to hate was now working to his
advantage.
Akechi half expected Shinjiro to start knocking down his door, but throughout the day, he
didn’t once demand that Akechi get his head out of his ass. It was almost disappointing, but it
was mostly a relief. Akechi was tired of people getting on his case, of people pretending that
they still cared.
Akechi felt suddenly trapped in his body. Everything was too small. It was easier when he
was pretending he was mentally eleven, but now that the secret was out, he wanted to go
back to what he was. Taller. Stronger. Not this weak child incapable of doing anything.
Akechi stared at his hands and imagined them larger and more calloused. He couldn’t quite
remember what they looked like.
What if Akechi forgot what he originally looked like completely?
Why did this have to happen to him?
About midway through the day, Akechi’s phone began ringing. A cursory glance caused
Akechi’s heart to skyrocket, and he stared at the number with no small amount of dread.
Kirijo Takeharu. No doubt Mitsuru had reported Akechi’s past and behavior to her father.
What did he want? Did he plan on lecturing Akechi about what he said to Mitsuru? Maybe he
was willing to do what the others weren’t and put Akechi out of his misery.
Maybe that was the ideal outcome.
Akechi grit his teeth and steeled himself. How many times had he answered phone calls from
Shido without betraying his true emotions? He picked up the phone.
“Akechi Goro speaking,” Akechi said, already holding the phone in an iron tight grip.
“Yesterday’s report was quite illuminating,” Kirijo said, not wasting a moment. “It’s a
miracle it ended without any loss of life.”

“I know that’s not why you called me, sir.”
“Drop the sir,” Kirijo said sharply. “I know what you said to my daughter. I’d much prefer
you to be frank with me than to treat me like every other adult that you don’t trust.”
“I’m sorry, sir, but I don’t trust you at all,” Akechi said, putting on an extra polite voice.
“Pardon me for asking, but what do you really want?”
Kirijo hesitated before continuing. “Amada and Shinjiro’s testimony in regards to your past
has plenty of holes in it,” Kirijo said. “I imagine you gave the abbreviated version—”
“Get to the point.”
“It says you died,” Kirijo said. “And no, I am not about to call you insane. You have shown
maturity and jadedness beyond your years, and neither my daughter nor I find it surprising
that you may be older than you appear. I wanted to know how you reversed time to get back
to this point.”
“Do you think I’m stupid?” Akechi spat. “Don’t give me that bull about believing me;
nobody in their right minds would believe that story for a second–”
“My father was working to find a way to control time,” Kirijo said evenly. “The fruits of his
experiments led to a hidden hour in the day. I do not find it hard to believe that sometime in
the future, real time travel exists.”
“And you want to exploit it?” Akechi asked.
“I want to find the fool trying to make that sort of weapon and stop him before it’s too late,”
Kirijo said.
“So you want to get rid of me, instead.” Akechi punched the wall with his free hand. He
didn’t grimace or hiss at the bruising around his knuckles. “I’m not a fool, Kirijo.”
“What was that sound?”
“Nothing.”
“I’ll have you know that I don’t want to get rid of you at all,” Kirijo said. “But the ability to
shape the future is a dangerous one. One I don’t trust anyone with.”
“Well, I have good news for you, then,” Akechi said bitterly. “I don’t know how I went back.
One minute I was dead, the next I was here. Is that all?”
“No. Do you remember what I warned you about the last time we spoke?”
“Some crap about trusting others?” Akechi asked, rolling his eyes. “The others don’t trust
me; I don’t see why I should trust them.”
“From what I understand, you didn’t give the others a chance to decide that for themselves,”
Kirijo said. “You just hid yourself away and started pushing them out of your life by force.

How is that meant to accomplish anything? Alone, you are as weak as–”
“Alone, I am safe!” Akechi screamed. “You make people trust you, and what does that get
them? Only pain and betrayal! You exploit our desires and goals, make us do your bidding,
and then leave us in the dirt when you’re done with us! People only hurt you! I can only hurt
others!”
“Without relationships, what is the point in being safe?!” Kirijo asked sharply. “Life isn’t just
about survival. Life is about the people you share with it; the relationships you forge along
the way. Trust is a risk, but without it, you have nothing to fight for, not even yourself. And
when you believe nothing matters, that is when you wish the world nothing but ill.”
“Are you comparing me to your father again?” Akechi asked, staring at the blood around his
knuckles. “Because if you left your father to rot, then you should just leave me behind too.
I’m past saving, whatever you or your daughter might think!”
“When I discovered what my father had done to my daughter…” Kirijo spoke falteringly. “I
was enraged. I almost killed my father on the spot.”
“But you didn’t because you’re so noble and righteous, is that it?” Akechi rolled his eyes.
“You’re nothing but a spineless coward.”
“I agree,” Kirijo said. “Maybe if I had been able to act on my feelings, children like yourself
wouldn’t have to fight this war. But pure selfishness stayed my hand.”
“Because you still loved him.” Akechi might hate relationships, but he had some emotional
intelligence. “This is exactly what I’m talking about. Your love for an evil person only
enabled him in the end.”
“It is the love for my daughter that helps me keep going,” Kirijo countered. “But you
misunderstand my point. Last night, you did not behave like a heartless killer. Your actions
saved the lives of your friends.”
“One good deed doesn’t erase the rest,” Akechi said bitterly.
“No, but people do not let go of those they care about as easily as you think,” Kirijo said.
“You need to give them a chance.”
All of this patient wisdom was becoming overwhelming. This wasn’t how adults were meant
to behave. They weren’t meant to be patient, or kind, or wise. They were meant to be corrupt
individuals who wanted to trample on the lives of the weak.
“Do you think you’re my father?” Akechi asked. The hand holding his phone was shaking.
“My father slept with my mother and then left her in the dirt. He only acknowledged me to
make me do his dirty work. That is what fatherhood means to me. So stay out of things that
you will never understand.”
Akechi hung up and slammed the phone against his desk. His entire body shook as he
lowered himself onto the floor, nursing his throbbing hand. He was so tired. And angry. More

and more people were attempting to blow on the flames to put them out, but they were really
just adding more oxygen to the fire.
Akechi needed to get out of his room. He needed to be able to breathe.
Hanged Man Arcana: Rank 4

During the Dark Hour, Akechi snuck out of the dorms through the fire escape outside the
second floor hall window.
Akechi started marching toward Tartarus. He wasn’t going to make it within the hour on foot,
and he hadn’t brought any weapons, but the goal itself made him feel like he could actually
think. He imagined himself bringing down every shadow inside the tower and releasing all of
his frustrations against anything that had ever hurt him.
“This is a pleasant surprise,” Takaya said, walking alongside him.
Akechi had no traditional weapons, but that didn’t stop him. With a guttural scream, he
launched himself on top of Takaya, reaching to wrap his hands around Takaya’s tiny throat,
ready to crack his neck–
Takaya placed the barrel of his gun against Akechi’s forehead, and Akechi froze.
“It truly is remarkable how a single motion can tame even the most feral of beasts,” Takaya
said pleasantly. He grabbed Akechi’s shoulder with a single, bony hand.
“Let go of me,” Akechi snarled.
“Are you truly so afraid of your own demise?” Takaya asked. “I take it that the death you had
the first time–”
“As if you believe that–”
“The world is such a strange place, and you are no liar,” Takaya said.
“I do nothing but lie,” Akechi said.
“Let me correct myself, then,” Takaya said. “When you are angry, you do not lie. You make
your intentions perfectly clear, by the way you talk, and glare, and even move. You lie, but
anyone who truly knows you can see right through them.”
“And I suppose you truly know me,” Akechi asked. “Let go of me.”
Takaya’s grip tightened. “Your first death was to a gun, was it not?” he asked. “You always
freeze when I point this weapon at your head. The weakness of your mind has trained you to
believe that this scenario means certain death.”

“Somehow, I’ve managed to survive you pointing a gun at me for this long,” Akechi snapped.
“I’m not afraid of you.”
“Then, prove it.” Takaya sounded almost excited. “Act as though this weapon isn’t even here.
Attack me again, and I’ll shoot you.”
“Where would I benefit in that scenario at all?”
“I thought you weren’t afraid of me.” Takaya’s smile was so mocking. So proud. It made
Akechi want to scream. “By extension, you aren’t afraid of death. Besides, what is one bullet
to the head compared to a life tormented by others who will never accept you?”
“Stop talking,” Akechi said, feeling nausea rise up inside of him. Memories of a different
man with a different face, but somehow the meaning behind his words had been exactly the
same.
“Make me.”
Akechi lunged forward. Takaya pulled the trigger. The sound of thunder roared in Akechi’s
ears. Akechi’s heart pounded. He waited for the white-hot pain.
Nothing happened.
Akechi’s ears were ringing. His vision blurred. He wasn’t dead, but he should be dead. Was
he really still breathing? Maybe he was dying, maybe it was taking its time to settle in.
Takaya was laughing, his head thrown back. His gun hung loosely in his hand.
Unthinkingly, Akechi snatched the gun from Takaya. With a deft motion, he aimed directly at
Takaya’s heart and fired.
More thunder. More heavy breathing. No blood. No death. Both Akechi and Takaya were still
alive, and Takaya was still laughing his head off.
“Shut up!” Akechi screamed, clawing at the pavement. When had he gotten on his knees?
“Just shut up!’
“Don’t you understand, Goro?” Takaya asked. He grabbed Akechi by the wrist and yanked
him to his feet. “Don’t you see what this means?”
“That you don’t have enough bullets in your gun?” Akechi asked, pressing the gun against
Takaya’s chest. “Maybe I’ll get lucky this time.”
“You don’t fear death,” Takaya said triumphantly. “You don’t fear anything at all, except
those who you once called friends. You’re willing to kill like a man who has nothing to lose.”
With all of his might, Akechi slammed the handle of the gun into Takaya’s skull. “Get away
from me!”

Takaya let go of Akechi, wearing a dazed expression. Not letting go of the gun, Akechi
turned around and ran.
Takaya didn’t follow, probably because he was concussed. When Akechi felt that he had
reached a safe enough distance, he stopped to throw up.
He couldn’t do this, he couldn’t do this, he couldn’t do this.
Akechi couldn’t remember how he got home. One minute he was running, and the next, he
was sitting on his bed, staring at Takaya’s revolver in his hands. This was the weapon that
almost ended Shinjiro’s life. The weapon that brought Akechi near to death multiple times.
Akechi should destroy it.
Akechi pressed the cylinder release. Although most of the compartments were empty, there
were two single bullets ready to be fired. If Akechi had tried to shoot Takaya one more time,
he might have been able to kill him.
With a jutting sigh, Akechi clicked the cylinder back into place and placed the revolver in his
evoker’s old briefcase. He kicked the briefcase underneath his bed furiously.
Hermit Arcana: Rank 8

Shinjiro finally tried to break his door down. Akechi had some very short words to say to
him.
“Don’t talk to me,” he said. “You’re dying. Don’t talk to me.”
“I’m not going to spend my last months with you mad at me–”
“MONTHS?!” Akechi screamed. The events of last night mixed with the events of two nights
ago had made him lose all control of any of his emotions. He needed something to be angry
at, and Shinjiro was the perfect target. “You only have months?!”
“Goro–”
“Stop!” Akechi slammed his foot against the floor like a child who wasn’t getting his way.
“You don’t get to talk to me like nothing’s changed! You’re dying, and you couldn’t even tell
me!”
“That’s some strong language for someone who’s hiding away in his room like a coward
because he’s afraid of the past.”
“It’s better than taking drugs that could kill me!” Akechi barely resisted slamming his fist
into his door. It had suffered enough damage the day before. “Just get the hell away from
me!”

As soon as Shinjiro had finally left, Akechi received a text. Akechi looked at it, expecting it
to be yet another probing “friend” who couldn’t leave him the hell alone.
It was an unknown number.

U̴͙͠n̶̪̒ k̷͔̇ n̶̥͊ ò̸̬ w̷̦̿ n̸̥̓ ̸̉ͅ: This is embarrassing
Ṷ̷̿ n̷̖͝k̷̪̆ ǹ̸̝ o̸͚̽ ŵ̸͓ n̵̜̈́ ̶͓̀: I guess you really haven’t changed
Ṷ̷̿ n̷̖͝k̷̪̆ ǹ̸̝ o̸͚̽ ŵ̸͓ n̵̜̈́ ̶͓̀: Well, who needs friends and teammates anyway
How did Takaya keep getting new numbers? Akechi furiously blocked the number. Why
couldn’t Takaya leave Akechi alone?
A few minutes later, his phone pinged again. Akechi snatched it from his bed, prepared to
block yet another number.
Instead, Emiko’s contact stared up at him innocently.
Yamamoto Emiko: I heard u were sick :(
Yamamoto Emiko: Kens rly worried. Get better soon!
Yamamoto Emiko: Sending love!!
All of the anger might as well have been forcibly drained from his body. No questions. No
fake concern. Just genuine friendship from someone who didn’t know the truth.
Emiko didn’t know better. She didn’t know who Akechi really was. Clearly, Ken hadn’t told
her.
Akechi let his phone slip from his fingers. He didn’t know what to do anymore. It was a
feeling he hated more than any other.
He wished he could just go back to feeling angry.

The next day, Ikutsuki opened his door and entered the room without Akechi’s permission.
Akechi stared at him in awed horror, and the anger that had been so all-encompassing the day
before came rushing back to him.
“Get the hell out of my room,” Akechi said. “You have no right to be here.”
“Pardon my interruption,” Ikutsuki said, his expression entirely unapologetic. “But I think it’s
time for me to be the adult in this situation.”
“I don’t need you to be the adult of anything,” Akechi said. “If you’re planning on killing me,
just be honest about it. If not, then get the hell out.”

“I’m not planning on killing you at all,” Ikutsuki said. “But you can’t stay here forever. Have
you eaten anything the past few days?”
“Yes,” Akechi said. He had eaten his stash of protein bars. “Now go away.”
“No, I don’t think I will.” Ikutsuki sat down at the chair by Akechi’s desk. “I think it’s time
that someone had a serious conversation with you.”
“Others have tried and failed,” Akechi said. “I fail to see how you’re going to be any
different.”
“Ah, but the others didn’t have my overflowing charm,” Ikutsuki said, tapping his forehead
knowingly.
“If you think that pheromone coffee crap makes you charming, you’re lying to yourself.”
“This conversation’s going off to a great start,” Ikutsuki muttered.
“If you think it’s going so horribly, then get out.” Akechi said bluntly. “I don’t want you to be
here either.”
“Come on, please give me a chance!” Ikutsuki pleaded. “I’ll only take up five minutes of
your time. Then, if I don’t persuade you, I’ll leave you alone forever.”
Akechi glanced at his clock. It was fifteen minutes past three in the afternoon.
“Fine,” Akechi said. “Go.”
Ikutsuki put his kindly smile back on. Akechi wondered if he thought he was fooling anyone.
“Akechi, I know this must be incredibly difficult for you–” Akechi opened his mouth to
interrupt, but Ikutsuki wagged his finger. “Ah ah ah. You promised I could speak for five
minutes.”
Akechi promised nothing of the sort, but Ikutsuki kept speaking as if Akechi had agreed with
that statement.
“As I was saying, this is very difficult, but I think you’re not giving the others enough of the
benefit of the doubt. They’re really quite understanding people, if you just give them a
chance. I mean, they’ve been worried sick about you. They’re not going to condemn you for
something you probably did in another life.”
“You’ll forgive me if I find that unlikely,” Akechi said.
“Come on, Akechi, I didn’t think you were a coward,” Ikutsuki said. “You’ve never been
afraid to speak your mind. Are you really going to hide in this room forever?”
Akechi was not about to be lectured on cowardice by Ikutsuki of all people. He got to his
feet.

“Fine,” he snapped. “Fine. I’ll speak to them.”
Ikutsuki clapped his hands together happily. “Excellent. They’re already gathered in the
command room.”
Akechi gave Ikutsuki a look of pure disbelief. “That was awfully confident of you.”
“I was your last hope before everyone invaded your room and demanded you speak to them,”
Ikutsuki said. “I figured you’d prefer just one invasion. There’s more space upstairs anyway,
so now it won’t be crowded.”
“Just shut up,” Akechi muttered, running his fingers through his hair. He grimaced at its
greasy texture. He was in desperate need of a shower.
Followed by Ikutsuki, Akechi went upstairs to the command room. He paused momentarily
as he reached for the doorknob, wondering how he had managed to get goaded into this
situation. Could he turn back? But, no, Ikutsuki was already patting his shoulder.
“You’ve got this,” he said reassuringly.
Akechi was not remotely reassured, especially not when he remembered Takaya’s vice-like
grip from two nights ago. He moved to shove Ikutsuki’s hand off of him, but Ikutsuki already
lifted it out of the way.
“Sorry!”
Akechi violently shoved the doors open, if nothing else so that he could get away from
Ikutsuki and his overabundance of faux kindness. Or maybe Ikutsuki was just a well-meaning
fool.
Akechi preferred to think the former.
True to Ikutsuki’s words, everybody was gathered. A huge grin spread across Junpei’s face
when he saw Akechi. Mitsuru’s frown only deepened, and the other’s wore various neutral
expressions. Koromaru gave Akechi a sad bark.
Akechi felt vaguely like he was being called to the witness stand, about to give his account
on his own crimes. Ready to be declared guilty.
Ikutsuki gave him a nudge. Akechi wanted to bite his fingers off.
“You want to know the truth?” Akechi asked.
“Well, what we know right now is kind of confusing, so yes. Yes we do,” Junpei said.
“Junpei,” Yukari hissed underneath her breath.
“What?” Junpei asked. “It’s the truth!”
“You don’t have to phrase it like that–”

“Guys,” Minato interrupted, his mouth set in a small frown. Junpei and Yukari shut up.
“We would appreciate a more thorough account,” Mitsuru said. “Please be honest with us.
We’re prepared to take you at your word.”
“That’s a mistake,” Akechi said. “Are you all brainless?”
“Minato was extremely convincing,” Akihiko said, glancing at Minato with a strange
expression.
Akechi turned to Minato in utter confusion. Minato managed to convince everyone else to
trust whatever bullshit he spewed out of his mouth?
“Elizabeth,” Minato said with a shrug.
Elizabeth. Elizabeth vouched for him. Why would she do that? Maybe Elizabeth was eager to
watch Akechi’s true nature finally come to light. She always had hated his polite facade.
“Fine.” Akechi ran his hand over his face. Yamagishi awkwardly stared at an empty chair that
had clearly been left for him, but Akechi stayed standing. “Give me a minute to organize my
thoughts.”
“You don’t have to tell us everything,” Mitsuru said quickly. “If you’d like, we could just ask
the questions we need clarification on.”
“No,” Akechi snapped. He didn’t want this to become an interrogation. He’d much rather
explain everything on his own terms, even though he had never done so in such a calm
environment with so many eyes staring at him. In the heat of battle, yes. Small pieces of it
over the cup of coffee? Yes. All of it without any weapons pointed in his direction? Not at all.
Where did he even begin? The world of palaces was nothing like the Dark Hour.
All stories had a beginning, a middle, and an end. Akechi just needed to start at the
beginning. He needed to explain everything in a logical order.
“I was killed by a cognitive version of myself,” Akechi blurted out, because somehow that
felt like a very critical part of his screwed up life.
“A cognitive what now?” Junpei asked.
And that set the tone for the rest of Akechi’s explanation.
Devil Arcana: Rank 8

Chapter End Notes

This is the part where I remind y'all that Goro Akechi is extremely mentally ill.

ALSO! jellitchi made art on tumblr! Please go admire it and give it love. Then maybe
come back and leave comments.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments! <3

Chapter 27: October 7–13, 2009
Chapter Summary

things improve marginally for akechi
hooray!!!!

Chapter Notes

tw: ptsd, self-loathing, referenced child abuse, discussions of death, lowkey kidnapping

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“A cellphone app? Since when could phones travel to alternate universes?”
“Since when did time stop at midnight?”
“Touché.”

“Wait, wait, wait, let me get this straight… you were fifteen when you decided to work for
Shido?”
“For the fifth time, yes.”
“But you were like... a lot older than that when he started telling you to kill people, right? He
had you on probation period, right?”
“Just how fucking naïve are you?”
“I’m almost seventeen, and I can’t imagine…”
“Then aren’t you lucky?”

“There was a talking cat?!”
“Well, apparently the talking cat was the manifestation of humanity’s hopes—”
“The what in the what now?”

“Morgana’s identity is not the point!”

“Stealing hearts? What does that even mean?”
“The cat introduced the brainwashing through stealing the shadow’s treasure… distorted
desires by sending a calling card—”
“The cat? I think you mean the manifestation of humanity’s hopes—”
“Take things seriously for once in your life, Iori!”
“But…why would they send a calling card? To steal a treasure that is actually a heart?”
“The distorted desires. And they called themselves Phantom Thieves for a reason.”
“…That’s so badass.”

“So you really died?”
“We have gone over this how many times now?”
“But you finally explained how…”
“Why didn’t you just heal yourself?”
“It’s not as easy as it looks when you’re doing it with a bullet in your gut, Aki.”
“He’s done it before if Takaya’s shot him—”
“It doesn’t matter. I died. That’s the end of it.”

By the time Akechi was done explaining the mechanics of the cognitive world, shadows,
palaces, and his role in the phantom thieves’ story, he had drunk multiple glasses of water
provided by Ikutsuki. The empty glasses now sat clustered together on the coffee table, and
Akechi considered throwing up at everyone’s still-astonished stares. Junpei looked like he
was trying to do calculus inside his head.
Akechi was glad he omitted Maruki’s adventure as god; it wasn’t necessary to understand
Akechi’s story, and it would clearly only confuse Junpei further.
“So…you don’t know how you got back?” Yukari asked.
“I thought I made that abundantly clear,” Akechi said. “I was dead. Then I wasn’t. Now I’m
here.”

“But, that’s great!” Junpei exclaimed. “That means none of the people you killed are dead
anymore.”
“Wow, did you get that all on your own?” Akechi asked sarcastically. “Give him a medal.”
Ken didn’t say anything. Ken hadn’t said anything the entire evening.
“That was… enlightening,” Mitsuru said slowly. “It’s still alarming to think Shido has such
sinister aspirations. His behavior was abhorrent at that dinner, but I didn’t imagine…”
“That dinner?” Akihiko asked. His eyes widened. “Oh–”
“You mean that rude representative guy that I bumped into was Akechi’s dad?” Junpei
blurted out. His expression was indignant. “I knew that guy was no good. I should’ve shoved
him harder.”
“Junpei!” Yukari exclaimed, her expression scandalized.
“What, am I wrong?”
“No, but that could have gotten you into a lot of trouble!” Yukari glared. “He could have
pressed charges!”
“You guys would’ve lied for me,” Junpei said confidently. “Besides, he’s just some no-name
representative right now. Not the future prime minister. Hey, Akechi-kun, what is modern
technology like ten years from now?”
The question was so absurd that it was far easier to latch onto than any discussion about
Shido was.
“It was only eight years, and it’s not that different,” Akechi said irritably. “Except for phones,
obviously. Those improve markedly.”
“Oh, are they all like those smart-phone things?” Junpei asked. “You should’ve said! I
wouldn’t have questioned the whole dimension hopping thing."
“Not all phones can enter the metaverse, dumbass. The average phone ends up doing most
things a computer can,” Akechi said. “But pocket-sized, obviously.”
Yamigishi made a small noise of alarm. “Seriously?”
Junpei pulled out his flip phone and stared at it sadly. “Oh future, how I wait for you with
bated breath.”
“Why are you focusing on smartphones?!” Yukari exclaimed. “Shouldn’t we be more worried
about the fact that some fascist asshole is going to try to take over Japan?!”
“One thing at a time Yukari,” Junpei said, shaking his hands. “First, we get rid of the Dark
Hour. Then, we get smartphones. Then, we can take down Akechi’s sperm donor.”

Akihiko snorted as Yukari looked appalled.
“How can you joke like this?! This is serious!”
“I’m sorry that I don’t deal with really scary things the same way you do!” Junpei retorted.
“Maybe I make jokes to distract myself from how screwed-up everything is!”
“Enough,” Akihiko said, gathering himself. “Junpei’s right, Yukari. We have enough to worry
about right now than being too preoccupied by things that will happen half a decade from
now. Let’s focus on the Dark Hour and Strega first.”
“That’s it?” Akechi asked, dumbfounded. “That’s all you have to say?”
“Um, yeah?” Junpei asked. “What do you want me to say?” He put on a fake scowl and
deepened his voice. “I am extremely angry with you for something that you did in the future
and haven’t done in your new game plus. The part where you’ve saved our lives makes me
especially mad because it was all a lie.”
Did Junpei just call the situation Akechi was in New Game Plus? Did Junpei just compare
this to a video game?
Come to think of it, there were quite a few similarities.
“You are lying,” Aigis told Junpei.
Junpei’s eyes widened. “Um, yeah. It wasn’t obvious?”
Yukari covered her face with her hands. Koromaru barked.
“Koro-chan is not impressed with your lying skills,” Aigis continued.
“That’s because I wasn’t trying!”
“It shouldn’t be a lie!” Akechi said, clenching his fists. “That’s how you should all feel! I lied
to all of you, and now you’re acting like I’m some sort of victim!”
“I mean, obviously you weren’t a good guy in your story,” Yamagishi said hesitantly. “But I
don’t think I can say in full confidence that you were totally evil either. Shido was the one
who asked you to kill the victims. You only wanted to get to him.”
“Stop.” Akechi shook his head. “Stop making excuses for me. It doesn’t matter who told me,
or who was manipulating who. I killed them; I knew what I was doing. I’m the one
responsible.”
Everyone glanced at each other as though they thought Akechi had spouted bullshit. But that
bullshit was the truth.
“We could talk in circles about who’s really at fault for that… mess,” Shinjiro said, finally
speaking up. “But there’s a critical detail you’re missing. You have a second chance. What

are you planning on doing with it? Do you really plan on doing all of the same things over
again?”
“Of course not,” Akechi snapped. “I’m not that far gone.”
“Then we’re done here,” Shinjiro said, standing up. “You were a killer, but not anymore. No
victims remember what you’ve done, so who the hell cares?”
“I care! I still did those things! Has it occurred to you that there might be another reality out
there?” Goro asked. “That I’ve simply left behind a timeline in which I killed everyone and
now reside in this new one? If that’s the case, all of my victims are still gone.”
“Well, if that’s true, there’s nothing you can do about it now,” Akihiko said. “You’re going to
give yourself a headache if you keep thinking like that.”
“Just… focus on the good you can do now,” Minato said quietly.
Koromaru jumped to his feet and barked.
“Koromaru trusts you, Akechi-kun,” Aigis said. “As do I. You are a formidable foe during
battle.”
Aigis was a robot, and Koromaru was a dog. They couldn’t fully understand right and wrong,
trustworthy and untrustworthy. Forgiveness and hate.
“You’ve given us no reason to believe that you will turn on us,” Mitsuru said. “And you’ve
had more than enough time to do so. I trust you. I am curious, though. Do you still have the
ability to make shadows more violent?”
Goro shook his head, too overwhelmed to say anything. Call of Chaos had disappeared after
he died. He wasn’t sure if it was his decision to give up his plan that caused Loki to forget the
skill. He hadn’t even had access to it in Maruki’s palace.
Mitsuru’s response was wholly anti-climactic. “Interesting.”
Of course, Mitsuru would trust him; she was fool enough to trust her father–
“I don’t hate you at all, Akechi-kun,” Yamagishi said. “I remember when you and the others
saved me and Natsuki-chan in Tartarus. You fought really hard.”
Well, Yamagishi was always a bit too soft-hearted for her own good. She became friends with
her bully, for crying out loud.
“Hell yeah!” Junpei exclaimed. “You might be a little harsh, Akechi-kun, but you only do it
when I’m about to do something stupid. I think you’re alright.”
Junpei was a fool who was in love with the girl who tortured Minato.
“Me too,” Yukari said, her expression hardening. “You saved our lives that day on the train,
right?”

Yukari was sentimental.
“A calculated move,” Akechi said instantly. “To gain your trust.”
Minato snorted. “Sure.”
Minato didn’t care about anything.
“Looks like you’re stuck with us,” Akihiko said. “Like it or not.”
Akihiko typically focused on the future; it wasn’t surprising he could move past Akechi’s
past.
“Um, you’re my friend,” Ken said, sounding hesitant. “I don’t think you’re a bad guy.”
Ken was a child who almost killed one of his teammates. But, somehow, Akechi thought he’d
be the angriest of all. Akechi had killed many mothers and fathers.
“Did any of that get through your thick skull?” Shinjiro asked gruffly. “We don’t care about
your stupid past self. We care about how you are now. And right now, you’re a pretty good
kid.”
Shinjiro was… well… Shinjiro was just going easy on him because Akechi might have saved
his life. That was all this was.
Ikutsuki clapped his hands together. “I do love a good happy ending,” Ikutsuki said. “And
such an illuminating discussion too! Who knew the shadow-world had so many unique facets
to it!”
Of course, Ikutsuki wouldn’t care. He was an incompetent asshole.
As Akechi looked at the room filled with resolved faces with small smiles, he realized that
none of them cared. Not enough to hate him, at least. All of them were acting like the things
he had done could just be brushed underneath the rug. That Akechi hadn’t murdered those
people, because they were alive now. But Akechi had killed them. His actions didn’t change,
even if the fates of his victims did.
None of this made any sense.
“I need some air,” Akechi said tersely. He turned toward the door. “You don’t understand
shit.”

Shinjiro found Akechi on the roof. Even though it wasn’t the Dark Hour, Akechi didn’t think
he’d feel safe wandering around the city alone. Not at the moment, at least. Takaya still
existed outside of the Dark Hour, and Tsuyoshi might accost and mock him.
When did Akechi become such a coward?

“How’s the air feeling?” Shinjiro asked, instantly breaking into more coughs. Akechi forced
his expression to stay impassive as Shinjiro sat down next to him.
“Cold,” Akechi said. “You shouldn’t be out here.”
“Hey, I don’t need to be treated with kid gloves,” Shinjiro said. “I’m sick, but I’m not allergic
to the air.”
“The cold weakens your immune system and increases your likelihood of getting sick,”
Akechi said. Reciting facts helped him feel more in control of the situation. “You already
have respiratory problems.”
“Well, I don’t think I care,” Shinjiro said. “I’m not going to spend the rest of my life being
afraid. That’s just a massive waste.”
“I don’t see why you’re talking to me, then.”
“Don’t be so melodramatic.” Shinjiro rolled his eyes. “I know this is hard for you to
comprehend, but most of those guys actually enjoy your company.”
“I can’t imagine why,” Akechi said.
“Well, it’s not for you to decide, is it?” Shinjiro glanced at the darkening sky, which was
already lighting up with red and orange hues. “Nice night.”
“Why are you here?”
“I can’t want to enjoy the view?” Shinjiro asked.
“It doesn’t seem like your style.”
Shinjiro snorted. “Well, you’re right, I guess.” He sighed. “I just figured I’d thank you.”
“Everyone else has thanked me enough,” Akechi said. “All I did was trauma dump on
everyone and nearly kill Takaya. There’s nothing heroic about that.”
“Maybe not,” Shinjiro conceded. “But I was actually going to thank you for those healing
items you gave me back in August.”
“Why?”
Shinjiro flicked Akechi’s forehead, and Akechi swatted his hand away with a glower. “For a
former detective, you sure are an idiot. Those are what I used to get back on my feet after
Takaya literally shot me.”
Oh.
In hindsight, maybe it was obvious.

“You don’t need to thank me,” Akechi said, looking away. He pressed down the warm rush
that rose within him. “You were the one who had the intelligence to use them.”
“Are you just allergic to receiving praise?” Shinjiro asked. “For someone who’s entire life
goal was to be acknowledged, you aren’t exactly taking it with grace.”
It just didn’t feel the same. There was no satisfaction from knowing that Akechi provided
Shinjiro with the means to save his life. There was no satisfaction in knowing that SEES was
still willing to keep him on the team. None of it made any sense. This wasn’t how normal
people behaved.
Akechi needed to think about something else.
“How long do you have?” Akechi asked, his voice hollow in his own ears.
“Goro–”
“Just answer me,” Akechi snapped. “How long do you have?”
Shinjiro’s expression sobered. “Probably a year and a half. Two, if I’m lucky.”
Two years. Two years if they were lucky. Considering Akechi’s track record with luck, his
mere presence was probably knocking Shinjiro’s remaining life span to six-months.
“Hasn’t Strega been taking it longer than you?” Akechi asked, trying to keep his panic at bay.
Shinjiro was just a teammate; two years was over twice the amount of time Akechi had with
Akira– “How come they haven’t dropped dead yet?”
“I’ve been taking the pills more recklessly than they have,” Shinjiro said. “For two years
straight. And, I don’t know, maybe their personas had some sort of ability to keep them alive
for longer. Chidori has some weird flower reviving power.”
“If we–”
“Goro,” Shinjiro interrupted. “I’ve already had this conversation with the others. Mitsuru has
all of her best researchers on it. Junpei begged Chidori for help. My condition is already in
the critical stage. Nothing they did has improved things.”
“You haven’t waited long enough,” Akechi said stubbornly. “It’s only been a few days. You
can’t just accept your fate lying down!”
“Listen!” Shinjiro broke into some truly terrible sounding coughs, and Akechi waited for
maybe half a minute for them to subside. “Listen,” Shinjiro said, his voice hoarse. “I already
told you I’m not going to waste my life. That includes spending every minute of it trying to
find a cure. Got that? I’m going to help stop the Dark Hour, and if we survive that, then I’m
going to spend every last minute I have with my friends. And, since your dumbass brain can’t
seem to understand this, yes, that includes you.”
Is this how Akira felt when forced to erase Maruki’s reality, and Akechi with it? At least,
Akechi had the luxury of not having a choice in Shinjiro’s death. Akira had to actively

choose to not save Akechi. And while it was the objectively right decision, it was a wonder
that Akira was able to do it at all.
“You’re an idiot,” Akechi said.
“Right,” Shinjiro said. “So, are you planning on locking yourself in your room again?”
“No.” Akechi massaged his eyes. “I’ll go back to school tomorrow. Does Ken hate me?”
“He literally just said you were his friend.”
“He also looked like he had swallowed a lemon,” Akechi said. “So excuse me for not quite
believing him.”
“I’m pretty sure Amada still hates me far more than he hates you,” Shinjiro said.
“That doesn’t really mean much, seeing as he tried to kill you,” Akechi snapped. “Honestly,
none of you thought it was prudent to mention that Ken’s mother was killed on one of your
missions? You guys didn’t think that would cause problems?”
“No, I thought it might,” Shinjiro said. “Akihiko thought it would too, but I think he thought
it would be this dramatic argument.”
“But you knew Ken was out for blood,” Akechi said. “And you didn’t tell anyone.”
“Pot, meet kettle,” Shinjiro said. “Does the phrase, ‘getting shot by Takaya and not telling
anyone’ sound familiar to you?”
“That was completely different.”
“How?”
“At least I don’t live in the same building as Takaya!”
“No, you just kept meeting up with him intentionally, right? That’s so much better.”
Akechi didn’t have a good answer to that, but he loathed admitting he was wrong.
“A very convincing counter argument.” Shinjiro rolled his eyes. “I doubt Amada hates you.
You’re just making stupid assumptions.”
“It’s a logical assumption.”
“I know you really want someone to hate you right now, but nobody here does,” Shinjiro
said. “I think it’s time you forgave yourself.”
“Like you have?”
“That is different.”
“How?”

“Amada’s mom is still dead,” Shinjiro said. “How am I meant to forgive myself when Amada
will spend the rest of his life without his mother?”
Akechi couldn’t say.
Moon Arcana: Rank 7

That night, Akechi fell asleep in his bed and woke up in the Velvet Room. The experience
was as unsettling as it always was, but Akechi was surprised to find only Elizabeth in the
Velvet Room. She sat on top of Igor’s table, wearing a smug grin.
“Welcome to the Velvet Room,” she said. She changed the lilt of her voice. “This is a place
between dream and reality, mind over—”
“Where’s Igor?” Akechi interrupted.
“My master isn’t always able to be at your beck and call,” Elizabeth said, only looking mildly
annoyed at the interruption. “I was the one that summoned you here.”
Akechi couldn’t imagine why.
“What’s happening?” he asked.
Elizabeth sniffed. “That’s all you have to say?”
Akechi felt an extreme feeling of annoyance weighing down on him.
“Are you kidding me?” he asked. “You summoned me to the Velvet Room just so that you
could hear me thank you.”
Elizabeth tilted her head and cupped her hand around her ear. “What was that? I didn’t quite
catch it.”
“I’m not going to validate a flagrant abuse of power,” Akechi said, crossing his arms.
“You are so boring,” Elizabeth said, letting her hand fall to her side. “If it weren’t for me,
none of your friends might have believed you. I took the liberty of telling Minato that
everything you would say would be nothing but the whole truth.”
“And what if I lied?”
“I knew you wouldn’t.”
Akechi took a deep breath. Attacking a Velvet Room attendant would be a fruitless task.
There was no point in causing conflict where there currently was none.
“I’m not thanking you.”

“Oh, you almost said it again,” Elizabeth said. “Where I come from, people are a little more
direct in their gratitude.”
“I told you it wasn’t going to work,” Theodore sighed. Akechi suddenly realized that he had
been sitting in the back corner of the room the entire time, hiding behind one of the coffins
that lined the walls. “I hope you don’t expect me to take the blame for this when our master
finds out.”
“I always take responsibility for my actions,” Elizabeth said. “But, actually, I had another
thing to discuss with you.”
Akechi frowned. “What?”
Theodore stood up. “What?”
“You heard me correctly.” Elizabeth inspected her hand lazily. “It has come to my attention
that you enjoy attracting danger.”
“That’s an exaggeration,” Akechi muttered.
“Remember that strange note you gave to me?” she asked.
Akechi frowned. “Yes.”
Theodore looked like he was about to pass out. “Elizabeth, I must insist–”
“That I potentially save your guest’s life?” Elizabeth asked snippily. “You’re welcome.”
“It’s highly confidential–”
“I have reason to believe that an extremely powerful individual is targeting you,” Elizabeth
said quickly. “As much as you like to tick off everyone within your one-hundred foot radius,
try to stay on your best behavior.”
Theodore put his head in his hands. “We’re going to get in so much trouble.”
Elizabeth placed a small object in Akechi’s hands. It looked like one of the items that
triggered megidolaon without a persona’s intervention. “This might come in handy.”
“Oh, fine, take this as well,” Theodore said, his eyes darting around the room. He removed an
unfamiliar object from his pocket and handed it to Akechi. “It shields you from death, but it
only works very briefly. Use it only in a dire emergency.”
If Theodore was so reluctant to summon Akechi here, why did he have this extremely
powerful gift on hand?
Akechi’s hand closed around the two objects. He was at a loss for words, but fortunately, it
seemed that Elizabeth had only just begun. She waved her hand in Akechi’s as if she were
shooing a pesky fly.

“You should probably leave before I get caught. Remember. Be polite.”
“Weren’t you the one lecturing me on how fake I was?” Akechi asked. As unsettling and
altogether unsurprising the news was, it was strange that Elizabeth was taking so many risks
to help him at all.
“Yes, well, you’re not always in danger of angering a god,” Elizabeth said simply. “Now,
you’re welcome for this extremely classified information. Shoo.”
“Wait,” Akechi said. He stared Elizabeth directly in the eyes. “Thank you.”
Elizabeth’s smile almost looked genuine.
The walls of the Velvet Room faded away, and Akechi fell back into ordinary sleep.

True to his word, Akechi went to school the following day. Emiko was thrilled to have him
back, and she launched into an explanation of everything that had happened while he was
gone. It mostly came down to school was hard and a few classmates were assholes. Akechi
responded with an appropriate amount of indignance to everything she said while he kept an
eye on Ken.
Ken was quiet. He spoke with Emiko on occasion, but he could barely look Akechi in the
eye.
Akechi pretended not to notice. They couldn’t exactly break into an argument when Emiko
had no clue what was going on.
The issue persisted throughout the day. Ken continued to pretend that Akechi didn’t exist as
they walked back from school with Emiko. When Emiko finally split off from them, Akechi
turned toward Ken and tried to hide his irritation.
“If you have something to say to me, you can just say it to my face,” Akechi said.
Ken’s eyes widened. “What?”
Had Akechi misread the signs? “Aren’t you upset with me?” Akechi asked.
“No,” Ken said unconvincingly. He glanced up at the sky. “Well, yeah, maybe a little.”
Finally, someone who was actually angry with him. Akechi could work with this.
“What’s wrong?” Akechi asked.
“It’s stupid.”
“I highly doubt that.”

They stopped at a crosswalk, and Ken glared at the oncoming cars. “Why do you hang out
with me?”
Of all the things Ken could have said, Akechi had not been expecting that.
“What are you talking about?”
“What do you think?” Ken shoved his hands into his pockets as they started walking across
the street. “If your story’s true, you’re like… eighteen years old. I’ve got to seem like a really
immature kid in comparison.”
“At times,” Akechi admitted, because Ken wouldn’t appreciate lies. “But I don’t see you that
way most of the time.”
“How?” Ken asked, looking confused.
“You’re friends with Junpei and Yukari, aren’t you?” Akechi asked. “How is it any
different?”
Ken opened and closed his mouth before his face fell into an even more sullen expression.
“They don’t really see me as an equal. I guess you don’t either.”
Is this what Akechi sounded like to Shinjiro the day before?
“You’re actually quite mature for your age,” Akechi said. “So get your head out of your ass.
I’m your friend, and I don’t think about the fact that you’re eleven every time we talk. That
would be a massive waste of energy.”
“You really think I’m mature for my age?” Ken asked, his eyes lighting up. The important
part of Akechi’s mini speech seemed to have been completely lost on him.
“Let me just say that I have met teenagers who are less mature,” Akechi said evenly. “So
whether that’s a detriment to them or a testament to your maturity, I cannot say.”
“Nice!” Ken beamed before he forced his expression into something milder. “I mean, thank
you for your compliment.”
Akechi sighed. “Will you stop avoiding me, now?”
“Only after you stop avoiding me,” Ken said, his scowl returning.
“I am speaking to you right now.”
“Yeah, because we have to walk to school together,” Ken said. “It doesn’t really count. And
you’ve been avoiding everyone recently.”
“I know.” Akechi inspected the scabs on his knuckles before saying, “If you want me to be
completely honest, I don’t understand why all of you don’t hate me.”
Ken gave Akechi a bitter smile. “I mean, it would be kind of hypocritical of me if I did.”

Would it? Ken had gone out of his way to avoid collateral damage. Akechi practically
pranced right into it.
“Do you regret not doing it?” Akechi asked.
Ken slumped. “Regret not doing what?” he asked, even though he definitely knew what
Akechi meant.
“Not killing him.”
Ken stared at the ground, clasping the straps of his backpack tightly. “I… I don’t know,” he
admitted. “I think about him killing my mom, and that makes me really, really mad. And then
I wonder how my mom feels, and if she would have wanted me to kill him. Sometimes, I
think she wouldn’t, and sometimes, I think she would want to be avenged. And then I think
about Shinjiro trying to protect us, and how scared I was when I thought he was going to die,
and then I don’t know how I feel at all.”
“That’s very honest of you,” Akechi said. He wouldn’t have believed anything less.
“Well, you did want me to trust you, right?” Ken gave Akechi a weak smile. “Maybe if I had,
we wouldn’t be in this mess.”
“I’m not sure I’ve earned that trust.”
“You did tell Akihiko-senpai all those great things about me,” Ken said contemplatively.
“And you bought that Feather Hawk mask, and you jumped in front of me when Takaya
came.”
“Those first two things are especially important,” Akechi said sarcastically.
Ken wore an embarrassed smile. “It sounds silly now that I’ve said it out loud.”
“Well, I appreciate the sentiment,” Akechi sighed. He gave Ken a concerned expression. “Are
you still going to be able to work with Shinjiro?”
Ken nodded. “I can,” he said firmly. “I just, I feel a little lost now.”
Akechi didn’t say anything, and Ken elaborated.
“Like, I’ve been working toward this one goal for so long,” Ken said. “And then I don’t even
do it. What am I meant to do now? Akihiko-senpai said I just need to keep on living, but
that’s not easy at all.”
Ken might as well have been speaking Akechi’s inner thoughts.
“I guess we’ll just have to find out together.”
Justice Arcana: Rank 9

“Exams are coming up soon,” Mitsuru told the group one evening. “I know that with
everything that’s been going on, it’s hard to find time to study. Still, do your best.”
Junpei groaned and stared tragically at his plate. Shinjiro had cooked for them again. Akechi
made the rice. Although rice was probably one of the simplest dishes Akechi could have
made, it somehow felt like a great accomplishment.
“Oh man, I completely forgot about exams,” Yukari said, looking apprehensive. “Did anyone
study for them?”
Minato raised his hand. Everybody gave him astonished stares.
“I study when I’m stressed,” Minato said simply, shoving a mouthful of rice into his mouth.
“It’s easier than hanging out with people.”
“In what universe is studying easier than having fun?” Junpei asked.
“Mine.”
“Lucky.” Junpei stabbed his food violently with his chopsticks. “I got bad enough scores
when I actually was putting in an effort. I can’t imagine what they’re going to look like now.”
“I could help you study,” Akechi said on reflex.
Junpei rolled his eyes. “Yeah, right. Can’t you give it a… a…” Junpei’s eyes widened. He
stared at his food with his mouth half-open.
“Are you alright, Junpei-kun?” Yamagishi asked.
“Perhaps he is broken,” Aigis said, even though she must have known that wasn’t the case.
She was developing more and more of a sense of humor by the day. “Or needs to recharge.”
Akihiko poked Junpei’s shoulder with his chopsticks. “Junpei? You alive in there?”
“This entire time…” Junpei whispered.
“Huh?”
“You mean, you could have actually helped me study this entire time?!” Junpei cried, staring
at Akechi with betrayed eyes.
“Why are you mad at me for?” Akechi asked. “I offered, and you refused.”
“You’re right, and I hate it,” Junpei clapped his hands together pleadingly. “Please, Akechikun, I beg of you. Help me study.”
“This is new,” Ken said, staring at Junpei and Akechi with a curious expression. Akechi
couldn’t blame him. It wasn’t every day that a sixteen-year-old begged an eleven-year-old to
help him study.

“I have my own life too–”
“Exams start in like three days or something,” Junpei said. “Just help me for three days. I’ll
even pay you!” Junpei started rifling through his pockets and yanked out a few coins. “Um…
how does three hundred yen a day sound?”
It sounded like practically nothing at all. “Sure,” Akechi sighed. A small part of his ego was
secretly quite pleased that Junpei had finally found the humility within himself to ask Akechi
for help.
“Yes!” Junpei cheered, jumping out of his seat with a victorious expression. “You hear that?
I’ve got detective genius helping me study!”
Minato shrugged and ate with as much apathy as he had before. “I’m still gonna be top in the
class,” he said.
“H-hey!” Junpei said. “We’ll see about that!”
After one night of trying to explain to Junpei how sine and cosine worked, Akechi could say
with great confidence that Minato was absolutely right. There was no way Junpei was going
to be top in his class.
Akechi had to give Junpei points for persistence, though.
“I think I’ve got it this time,” he said as the night turned into the Dark Hour. “So, sine is
opposite over hypoteness, right? And cosine is adjacent over hippoteneus? And tangent is
opposite over adjacent?”
“Hypotenuse,” Akechi corrected tiredly. “But yes.”
“Okay… so if I insert this into the calculator…” Junpei balked as he repeatedly pressed
buttons of the calculator and nothing happened. “What? What’s wrong with it?!”
Goro pointed out the window behind him. “It’s the Dark Hour, genius.”
Junpei groaned before switching from math to English practice.
He was an easier study partner than Sakamoto, at least.
Akechi dreaded the day that he had to go back to having exams. He had become more
complacent in his studies since everything he had to do was elementary school level. Perhaps
this assisting Junpei with studying would keep his brain on its toes.
It wasn’t until three in the morning that Junpei fell asleep on top of one of his textbooks.
Akechi snuck out of his room after leaving a note by Junpei’s face telling him to sleep in. The
next day was a Sunday anyway, and Junpei wasn’t going to remember anything they studied
without proper rest.
Somehow, Akechi wasn’t surprised when Junpei knocked on his door at the crack of dawn,
insisting that they continue “training.”

“Mitsuru said she’d give me another prize if I got my scores ten points up again,” Junpei
said. “It took everything I had to do it the first time, so I need you to help me do it again.”
“What’s so great about this prize anyway?” Akechi asked.
“She gives me like twenty thousand yen,” Junpei said. “What isn’t great about that?”
Akechi conceded that he might have a point.

When exams finally started for Junpei, Akechi celebrated his freedom by going on a run. He
hadn’t exactly had the chance to the past two days, with Junpei nagging him about reading
comprehension and dates.
Over the past five months, Akechi had been steadily increasing the amount of distance he
was able to run. Where before, two miles was a struggle, Akechi was now able to run four
miles with relative ease. Unfortunately, having both locked himself inside his room for a few
days and being Junpei’s personal tutor, he seemed to have become quite out of shape.
Nothing terribly drastic, but by the time he had gotten half-way through his third mile, his
entire body was already begging him to take a break.
Akechi refused. He just needed to persevere, even if he could barely walk after he was done.
Akechi just needed to keep taking even breaths and steady steps. He stared directly ahead of
him, determined not to focus too much on his physical condition.
When Akechi completed his fourth mile, he slowed to a walk, his lungs gasping for air. He
began doing some basic arm stretches when an unexpected hand wrapped around his
shoulders.
“Howdy,” Tsuyoshi said, giving Akechi a smile that showed all of his teeth. “I see that things
have been going swimmingly for you.”
Be polite, Elizabeth’s voice echoed in his mind. Akechi somehow didn’t think she meant
allow people to manhandle him.
“Let go of me,” Akechi said as evenly as possible. Unfortunately, there was a limit to how
intimidating he could be when he was still out of breath from his workout.
Tsuyoshi gave Akechi’s shoulder a tight squeeze. “I mean, the truth is out! How does that
feel? You saved the day. Hell, I think your teammates love you now.”
Akechi tried to stop walking, but Tsuyoshi continued to drag him forward. Akechi’s shoes
skidded against the concrete loudly. How strong was this man?
“Where are you taking me?” Akechi asked. He attempted to pry Tsuyoshi’s hand from his
shoulder, but Tsuyoshi’s fingers wouldn’t budge.
“It’s a surprise.” Tsuyoshi said. “Anything for your teammates’ golden child, right? Talk
about a forgiving bunch. If I were you, I’d think that they were just keeping me around for

my abilities.”
Akechi didn’t have time for this. “Let go of me!”
He stomped hard on Tsuyoshi’s foot, but Tsuyoshi didn’t even blink. Akechi elbowed
Tsuyoshi violently. No response. He kneed Tsuyoshi in the groin. Tsuyoshi only smiled.
“Are you done yet? It’s kind of rude to interrupt someone while they’re talking.”
“Where the hell are you taking me?” Akechi demanded, trying to hide his panic. Why the hell
was this man as strong as a Velvet Room attendant? Couldn’t Elizabeth have mentioned that
the powerful being targeting him was more powerful than the average powerful shadow? And
a god was not a good enough indicator--Maruki would’ve crumpled at the first punch.
“It’s a surprise,” Tsuyoshi said. He reached into Akechi’s pockets and pulled out his phone. “I
don’t think you’ll be needing this anymore, though. Don’t worry, I’ll return it to your
friends.”
Akechi reached for his phone, snarling, but Tsuyoshi held it out of his reach. “Nope. Be a
good boy now and just come quietly. How does that sound?”
“If you don’t let go of me right now, I’ll kill you.”
Tsuyoshi laughed. As he did so, the hand wrapped around his shoulder snaked its way around
the back of Akechi’s neck. “I’m a strong person, Goro. Don’t test me.”
Akechi was going to die. Fat lot of good Elizabeth’s warning did.
The gifts Theodore and Elizabeth gave him felt heavy in Akechi’s pockets. Should he use
them now that he was basically being kidnapped? The megidolaon trigger would hardly be
subtle, and he’d probably get arrested for murder. And being invincible would only help
Akechi not die, it wouldn’t get him out of being abducted.
This situation was looking worse and worse by the minute, but there had to be something
Akechi could do.
“I don’t like this face you're making,” Tsuyoshi said. “It’s scheming.”
“Let go of me, and I’ll stop making it.”
“Hm. Nope, not feeling it.” Tsuyoshi sighed. “You know what I love best about humanity?”
“What?” Akechi asked through gritted teeth.
“People are so easily turned against each other.” Tsuyoshi shoved Akechi forward off of the
path and into the surrounding forest. Akechi stumbled, and Tsuyoshi strolled beside him. “I
hope you have fun.”
Tsuyoshi snapped his fingers, and Akechi felt suddenly dizzy.

“What are you–”
Fool Arcana: Rank 4

Chapter End Notes

dude for some reason my notes were all over the place with dates so i had to spend like
five minutes figuring out what days everything took place
again, rn im keeping it kinda ambiguous if akechi's timetraveling rewrote the main
timeline or if there's multiple timelines just vibing (but not connected to the same velvet
room because then you'd have like... way too many people commuting to the velvet
room in my opinion)...
Also, we reached 1k kudos! Thank you guys so much for your support! I appreciate each
and every one of you <333
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments! <3

Chapter 28: October 13–14, 2009
Chapter Summary

Akechi's horrible, terrible, no good, very bad night

Chapter Notes

tw: kidnapping, torture, blood, injury, ptsd, attempted stockholme syndrome, Takaya

See the end of the chapter for more notes

It was freezing cold. The hard ground underneath him felt like ice, and a draft came from
some unknown source. An involuntary shiver ran up Akechi’s spine.
Why the hell was his room so cold? And why was he on the floor?
Wait.
Akechi’s eyes flew open.
A concrete ceiling and gray walls boxed him in. Akechi moved to sit up, but a sharp stabbing
sensation filled his head. Akechi fell backwards, squeezing his eyes tightly shut at the pain.
What the hell had happened? Had Tsuyoshi knocked him out and kidnapped him? What the
hell was his motive?
“Oh, great.” Akechi’s head swam as he tried to place the person the voice belonged to. “The
brat’s awake.”
A foot kicked his side, and Akechi pinpointed Jin standing to his right. He glared down at
Akechi as though he were a dead animal he found on the road.
Headache be damned, Akechi stood up and attempted to punch Jin in the face. His fist passed
straight through the air, and Akechi stumbled forwards.
“You’re looking a little confused there,” Jin said. “You must have hit your head hard.”
Akechi frowned. Hadn’t Tsuyoshi knocked him out? What was Jin talking about?
“It’s good to see that you’re finally awake,” Takaya’s voice rang out from the corner of the
room. Akechi spun around and barely maintained his balance.

“Where am I?” Akechi snarled. His throat felt like sandpaper, and his voice sounded raw.
“You should sit down,” Takaya said. “You look like you’re about to pass out.”
“I’m fine–” A wave of dizziness fell over Akechi. In his moment of disjointedness, Jin
pushed Akechi’s chest, sending him backwards. Akechi fell to the floor. The jarring motion
only brought more pain to his head.
“Sit,” Jin said. “I really think we should kill this nuisance, Takaya.”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Takaya said. “That would only serve to anger his comrades and make
our job much harder.”
“He makes our job harder as it is,” Jin protested, crossing his arms.
Akechi sat up and put his head in his hands. He couldn’t think straight. He should use their
arguing to get away, but they were both standing near the only door in sight.
“At any rate, you look extremely thirsty,” Takaya said to Akechi, ignoring Jin. He threw a
water bottle in Akechi’s direction.
Akechi caught it with both hands, glaring at Takaya all the meanwhile. It was clear what
Takaya was attempting to do, but with a maybe-concussion, Akechi didn’t need to add
dehydration to the mix.
With shaking hands, Akechi uncapped the water bottle and began to drink. Already, his head
began to feel clearer. He didn’t finish until the water bottle was completely empty.
Shit. Now Takaya was going to think that Akechi was eager and willing to receive help from
him. Why hadn’t Akechi resisted?
In an attempt to rectify the situation, Akechi threw the water bottle at Takaya’s face. It
bounced off the wall next to Takaya’s head anticlimactically.
“What am I doing here?” Akechi asked. He pulled himself to his feet again, ignoring the pain
in his head. He wasn’t going to sit on the ground while the other two towered over him.
“You make it sound like we took you from the comfort of your own room,” Takaya said, his
voice filled with mock hurt. “I found you passed out in the woods. What sort of friend would
I be if I didn’t help?”
“We are not friends,” Akechi said quickly. “If I had my weapons–”
Jin grabbed Akechi by the back of his shirt and pulled him backwards. Still extremely
disoriented, Akechi tripped and fell awkwardly onto his back. Jin chose that moment to
violently kick Akechi’s side again.
“You don’t have your weapons,” Jin said. “You don’t have any weapons, in fact. The only
reason I agreed to take you with us is because you have Takaya’s revolver hidden
somewhere. Where is it?”

Akechi refused to curl in on himself. He wasn't a child, and he wasn’t going to show
weakness. He would not give Jin that satisfaction.
He could still hardly believe this was happening. Takaya wasn’t doing anything to intervene.
Clearly, he cared more about his deadly weapon than Akechi’s life. This news was honestly
quite a relief.
“You kidnapped me over a gun?” Akechi asked.
“It has nostalgic value,” Takaya said. “Make no mistake, I do not need it to be deadly, but it is
symbol of me finally seizing control, so to speak.”
“I thought you weren’t attached to things,” Akechi snapped.
Jin made a noise that sounded distinctly like a scoff. “Just answer the fucking question before
I decide to kill you.”
“I threw it away!” Akechi raised his voice as best as he could. He didn’t need Strega raiding
his bedroom. “It’s gone now.”
Jin’s eyes flashed. He raised his foot and stomped hard against Akechi’s nose. Akechi gasped
very sharply, and some metallic-tasting blood entered his mouth. “In that case, I don't see any
reason to keep you alive,” he said. “You don’t make a very obedient hostage without the
threat of a bullet to your head.”
“Wait,” Takaya said. Jin stepped away from Akechi. Akechi gently touched his nose. It was
definitely crooked. Akechi blinked rapidly in an attempt to hide the tears that automatically
began filling his eyes.
He was not weak. He was not weak.
“Let me speak to him alone,” Takaya said. “He may be of some use to us yet.”
“Or, he could kill you,” Jin said. “I don’t believe this pathetic kid act for a minute.”
Frustration churned in Akechi’s gut. He was not putting a tough front up if Jin thought that
Akechi was attempting to appeal to his sympathies. He needed to pull himself together, but
the pain in both his head and nose was making it hard to focus on anything at all. At least in
the metaverse, Akechi could have taken some medicine to heal his injuries. In the real world,
the best he could hope for was a good doctor. At the moment, that wasn’t looking particularly
likely.
The thought of a concerned Takaya driving Akechi to the hospital popped into Akechi’s head.
The idea was so absurd that Akechi snorted. Blood spewed from his nose.
“Is there something funny?” Jin asked. “Do you want another kick to the head?”
Akechi opened his mouth to tell Jin to screw off, but Takaya beat him to it.

“Jin,” he said. “This might be our last chance to prevent the Dark Hour from being destroyed.
Allow me to speak to him alone. You said so yourself, he is weaponless. Perhaps you can
prepare what we talked about.”
“Fine.”
Jin stormed off, slamming the door thunderingly behind him. The dull pain in Akechi’s head
sharpened slightly. Akechi couldn’t hide his grimace.
“I know this all must be terribly confusing to you–”
“Shut up.”
“--none of your friends even noticed you were gone, and you were unconscious for hours.”
That was a load of crap. Akechi had probably been unconscious for two minutes before
Takaya found him. The only way Takaya could have found him in that forest was if Takaya
had been actively stalking him to begin with. Tsuyoshi must have known that as well.
“They might pretend that they still want you as an ally, but surely you know that’s just a farce
to use the power you possess,” Takaya said. “You know who you really are–”
“I’m not you,” Akechi snapped.
“Of course, you’re not,” Takaya said agreeably. “You’re Goro, your own individual. But
think about it, without the Dark Hour, what are you? What value will you have in this
world?”
Akechi breathed heavily, still trying to maintain composure. If he screamed or moved, his
head would undoubtedly hurt. Whatever means Tsuyoshi used to knock him unconscious was
potent enough that Akechi would be useless in a fight. Then again, if Jin was so worried
about Takaya’s revolver, Takaya was clearly without a weapon as well. Why hadn’t he just
replaced it? What sort of shit nostalgic value was in that gun?
“I don’t need value,” Akechi snapped, hoping that would shut Takaya up.
“Perhaps not,” Takaya conceded. “But when the Dark Hour ends, since you are so sure it
will, your so-called friends will no longer wish to associate with you. The world is not kind
to people like us.”
“Killers?”
“That’s such a crude way of looking at it,” Takaya said. “We are the few who are willing to
embrace the wretched parts of humanity. Why live in a farce of justice and goodness?”
“I’m not indulging this conversation,” Akechi said. Takaya would have to get tired of talking
to the air eventually. Then, he would leave, and hopefully Jin wouldn’t insist on keeping
guard. Akechi could find a time to escape then.

Takaya continued speaking, telling Akechi that he should just embrace his power and work
against SEES in secret. Akechi was their last hope in saving the Dark Hour and Tartarus.
Akechi bit his tongue when he wanted to retort. He was convinced Takaya enjoyed the
endless banter, and Akechi would not indulge him.
After probably half an hour, Takaya sighed. “I see you are not going to listen to reason,” he
said. “Perhaps an example of what is holding you down will make you see sense.”
An example? What the hell was that supposed to mean?
Takaya grabbed Akechi by the neck and dragged him out of the room. Well, whatever
happened, Akechi would at least be able to get an idea of the layout of the building.
Takaya slapped his bony hand against Akechi’s eyes. Akechi jumped.
“I’m not a fool,” Takaya said. “I know what you’re thinking.”
Akechi scratched at Takaya’s hand, but the hand on Akechi’s neck only grew tighter. Akechi
knew that if he pushed it too far, he’d suffer serious damage. It would be in his best interest to
go along with whatever Takaya had planned for now.
Emphasis on for now.
“Is it prepared?” Takaya asked, presumably speaking to Jin.
“Yeah, yeah.” Jin’s annoyed tone sounded vaguely gleeful. Akechi did not find this
comforting. “Good to see you’re not gonna coddle him, at least.”
“As I said,” Takaya said. “The situation is becoming dire.”
Akechi did not like where this situation was going. He dug his feet into the ground as Takaya
dragged him along. He moved to elbow Takaya in the gut as hard as possible, but the prick of
a knife suddenly rested on the back of Akechi’s neck, right above where Takaya’s hand was.
“Stop struggling,” Jin said. “I’d love to use this.”
As much as Akechi didn’t enjoy torture, death would be extremely unproductive.
They didn’t walk much distance. A door creaked open and closed, and Takaya took his hand
off Akechi’s face.
They were in a small bathroom. The corners of the dirt-stained floor tiles had dark spots of
mold. The bathtub in the back was filled to the brim with water.
Akechi’s lungs sank all the way into his stomach. He could already feel them filling up with
acid.
“What the hell is this?” Akechi asked, keeping the tremor out of his voice.

“An object lesson.” Takaya’s hand moved from Akechi’s neck to his hair, and with a
surprising amount of strength, he yanked Akechi downward. Akechi wrapped his hands
around Takaya’s wrist and dug his nails into the skin. He attempted to roll Takaya off of his
back, but Jin kicked Akechi forward. Akechi barely stopped himself from falling head-first
into the tub. His head bounced against the back wall.
Akechi’s disorientation was the exact amount of time Takaya needed to shove Akechi’s head
into the water.
Drowning. He was drowning. Akechi hadn’t had time to hold his breath, and water was
already burning his nose and chest. Akechi’s hand scrambled for purchase against the edge of
the tub as he tried to push himself upwards.
Embrace your desire…
Akechi’s scalp screamed in pain as Takaya yanked Akechi up instead. Akechi coughed and
gasped for air simultaneously before Takaya dunked him back under again.
The water was freezing cold. It was nothing like the hot steam of the love hotel, or even the
movement of the ocean. It was just cold, painful torture.
After what was likely the fifth time, Takaya let go of Akechi. Shivering, dizzy, and struggling
to breathe, Akechi jumped to his feet and ran to the door. Jin stuck his foot out and tripped
him.
Akechi coughed up more water as he picked himself up from the disgusting tile flooring. He
flung a furious punch in Takaya’s direction, but Takaya caught it.
Akechi could barely breathe. His vision blurred around the edges.
They had very little difficulty dragging him back to the previous room.
“You see?” Takaya asked. Jin was left outside. “You need to conquer your fears if you wish
to grow strong. I could help you. I already am.”
Akechi lay shivering on the ground, inhaling sharply. He couldn’t give Takaya the
satisfaction of appearing weak.
“Fuck off.”
“See, you’re learning already.”
Shut up, shut up, shut up.
Takaya stood up. “I will give you time to think about what I said.”
Yes. Akechi would use that self-reflection to get him the hell out of this place.
Takaya opened the door, and Jin stepped back into the room. Akechi wanted to shriek in
frustration.

“I saw that hopeful expression,” Jin snapped. “Don’t think you’re going to be able to escape
that easily.”
“I take it that you will keep guard?” Takaya asked.
“I’d be a fool not to.”
“Very well, but make sure you do not kill him,” Takaya said warningly. “He’s no use to us
dead.”
“He’s no use to you at all,” Jin said bitterly. “You’re not going to persuade him. Kids are
stubborn little shits. We should just trade him for Chidori.”
Akechi snorted and promptly regretted it as more blood spewed from his broken nose.
“What is it this time?” Jin asked, marching over to him. Akechi schooled his face. As much
as he didn’t want to show weakness, he would prefer Jin didn’t break anything else.
“Chidori might not be much use to you either,” Akechi said, grinning at the ceiling even as
his teeth chattered. “I hear she’s quite smitten with one of our members.”
“She’s distracted, but I’m sure she, unlike you, is quite capable of listening to reason,”
Takaya said. “But not to worry, you will learn in time.”
Jin made a noise from the back of his throat. Takaya gave him a severe expression.
“Nothing comes out of haste,” Takaya said firmly. “While you may doubt my methods now,
you will see them pay off in due time.”
“Sure.”
Takaya left, and Jin turned around and muttered to himself, “Your precious efforts are going
to end with your death, dumbass.”
Akechi pretended not to hear him.
Akechi’s head was beginning to clear up, which meant that Tsuyoshi certainly hadn’t
knocked him out in any traditional way. A concussion would not be fading only a few hours
later. Whatever Tsuyoshi intended, he hadn’t wanted to risk Akechi suffering any permanent
damage.
If that was true, however, Akechi couldn’t imagine why he would drop Akechi into Takaya’s
lap. Jin was hellbent on making sure Akechi got out of this abduction dead. Takaya was
willing to use whatever means necessary to force Akechi to his side.
Akechi cursed whatever part of him thought it was a good idea to try and get information out
of Takaya. It was clearly the second worst mistake in his life. Maybe, if he had used his head
and cornered Mitsuru for info, he could be asleep in his bed right about now.

What time even was it? Were the others looking for him? His ridiculous, injury-addled brain
kept imagining Shinjiro bursting through the door and rescuing him. More ridiculously still,
he pictured Joker coming in with a sly grin, saying some ridiculous quip and—
Neither happened, of course. Neither would happen.
Akechi was on his own.
As Jin paced the room, not taking his eyes off Akechi all the while, Akechi felt the inside of
his pockets. The gifts from Elizabeth and Theodore were still in there, but they only offered
one opportunity each. One opportunity to kill, and one opportunity to live. And Akechi had
no evidence that they would work outside of the Dark Hour.
That would be the plan then. Akechi would wait until the Dark Hour began. Even with the
lack of windows in the room, the green tint that encompassed the world would hopefully be
enough to identify it. Hopefully, Takaya and Jin would have their guards down before that
point, but it would be critical that Akechi acted as soon as the hour started. If he waited, Jin
and Takaya might suspect that he had some sort of trump card up his sleeve. Jin certainly
would, at least.
Akechi would use Elizabeth’s gift. A sudden attack would at least distract either Jin or
Takaya long enough for Akechi to make a break for it. If an exit didn’t reveal itself, Akechi
could at least attempt to hide until he could collect himself for another plan.
It was a terrible plan. Good infiltrations or escapes at least had a map. Akechi would just be
running haphazardly, hoping he could find the way out before Strega found him.
A terrible plan was better than no plan at all. Akechi wasn’t going to lie around and wait to
be rescued.
Akechi frowned at the walls of the building. Some of them looked blackened and charred.
Perhaps it had been in some sort of fire. Hopefully, the structural damage wasn't bad enough
that the place was going to come down with Akechi’s attack. But megidolaon only seemed to
affect the targets, not their surroundings.
Jin and Takaya eventually swapped places. Jin mentioned needing to get some sleep. Clearly,
it was late. Exhaustion had begun weighing down on Akechi as well, but Akechi had blamed
that on the kidnapping and not the time.
Takaya began to talk Akechi’s ear off again. Akechi grit his teeth and bore it. If Takaya was
talking, it only meant he would be more surprised when Akechi inevitably made his move.
Akechi slowly reached into his pocket and wrapped his hand around the mini-explosion just
waiting to happen.
“Jin doesn’t understand what I see in you,” Takaya said, his voice laced with disapproval.
“Do you?”
“I fully understand what you see in me,” Akechi hissed, hoping to end the conversation
before it began. “You see that I’m a desperate killer who doesn’t give a damn about his own

life, and you hope to mold me into you.”
“Almost,” Takaya said with a hum, “but there’s more to it than just that.”
“Feel free not to tell me.”
“When I first met you,” Takaya said. “You were already a formidable foe, but your
weaknesses were obvious. You were a frightened, malnourished child waving a sword around
with the strength to summon a persona with nothing but your own will.”
Akechi stared stubbornly at the wall. Takaya’s voice had grown more and more considering
to a degree that was almost vulnerable. It made his stomach churn.
“When I was your age, I was much the same,” Takaya said. “I had to learn how to survive the
hard way.”
“And I suppose you want to help me?” Akechi’s lip curled in disgust, even as he shivered.
“I want you to realize your full potential,” Takaya said. “Purge you of weakness, which will
in turn free you of your suffering.”
“Nothing is more helpful than torture.” Akechi’s choked laughter pierced the room, and he
gasped for air. “Thank you.”
Takaya made a disapproving noise from the back of his throat. “You do not understand,” he
said. “But no matter. You will thank me later.”
Akechi sincerely doubted that.
Hermit Arcana: Rank 9

Takaya was discussing how he couldn’t trust Mitsuru when the gray walls suddenly turned a
green tint. Takaya paused, clearly not expecting the Dark Hour. That pause was all Akechi
needed.
He jumped to his feet, pulled his fist out of his pocket, and violently threw the small orb
against Takaya’s feet. The burst of blue light came with a roar that caused Akechi to clamp
his hands against his ears. The force of the explosion nearly knocked Akechi backwards.
When the light faded, Takaya lay on his back, knocked out by the attack. Akechi sprinted past
him.
That had been no ordinary megidolaon, but Akechi had no time to dwell on it now. He
pushed open the door and began to sprint down the hall. There were no stairs in sight, and
Akechi could hear echoing footsteps, as well as Jin’s angry swearing, get louder.
Akechi instantly turned to the door on his right and tried to push it open. It didn’t budge.
Akechi bit back a plethora of swears and pushed harder. He felt a small amount of give, and

he kicked the door open. It clattered open loudly, but he stepped inside the room and shut the
door tightly behind him.
“I told you not to underestimate him!” Jin’s voice echoed in the still quiet of the Dark Hour.
Akechi moved deeper into the room; it was filled with broken and scorched pieces of
furniture. This room had a window, at least, and Akechi glanced outside of it, wondering if he
could attempt to climb.
He was at least three stories up. Any attempt to climb might end in Akechi’s untimely death.
“He can’t have gotten far,” Takaya was saying. “Search the building.”
Damnit. Akechi couldn’t stand in the open. He needed to move.
Akechi took a small piece of wood and put a wedge underneath the door. Hopefully it
wouldn’t be noticeable to Takaya or Jin, and they would just think the door was jammed. It
certainly was before.
Just to be safe, though, there were some sad remains of a closet in the room. What clearly
used to be a closet door was burnt and probably extremely weak, but it would hide him from
plain sight, at least. Akechi slipped into the closet and quietly shut the old door behind him.
He was instantly swallowed up by pitch darkness. The room Takaya and Jin had confined
him in had at least had a small lamp in the corner. Clearly, Takaya and Jin didn’t attempt to
repurpose the entire building.
Akechi heard someone violently bang against the door to the room, followed by more furious
swearing from Jin. Akechi quietly shuffled backwards against the wall. His hand landed on
something small and metal, and Akechi pocketed it. Anything was a weapon in his situation.
Jin didn’t attempt to break the door open, fortunately. Still, Akechi breathed as quietly as he
possibly could with a broken nose. His hair was still damp from the water torture, and it was
everything he could do not to shiver.
Akechi didn’t remotely relax until he heard Jin leave.
“He hasn’t escaped,” Takaya said, his voice growing louder. “You would’ve crossed him on
your way up the stairs.”
“Great, he’s hiding in the vents for all we know,” Jin said.
“Guard the exit,” Takaya said. “The Dark Hour is almost over, and he will have to come out
eventually.”
“Best idea you’ve had all day,” Jin said.
Takaya sighed. “Don’t kill him,” he said. “Tonight has been very exhausting. Sound the alarm
if he appears, but I’m going to rest.”

“You do that.”
Jin was definitely going to kill him. Akechi could imagine it now: Jin standing over his dead
body insisting to Takaya that "the brat" gave him no choice.
Both Jin and Takaya’s footsteps faded away. The conversation confirmed one thing, at least.
There was only one official exit. That wasn’t going to stop Akechi from trying to slip out
from the windows. Besides, in this case, waiting until the end of the Dark Hour might work
to Akechi’s advantage. Akechi had no weapons, magical or otherwise, to his name, apart
from the strange metal object in his pocket. Jin would be much more hard pressed to kill
Akechi without his persona.
Akechi waited until the sounds of the city began to start up again. Hopefully, Takaya had
fallen asleep. After waiting even longer, Akechi eventually stood up and slowly opened the
closet door. He crept around the burnt pieces of furniture and removed his wedge from
underneath the door.
The door creaked violently as Akechi opened it, but Akechi didn’t stop moving. There was
no point in standing still and waiting for Takaya and Jin to come and find him.
Akechi crept down the hall and found the flight of stairs. He walked down two flights before
he reached the ground floor, which meant he was correct in his assumption. He had been on
the third floor.
Akechi stepped into the hall. Jin was nowhere in sight, but neither was there a way out.
Akechi approached the first door in front of him and opened it. A welcoming window
brought the lights of the city into the room. Akechi’s heart felt like it was going to burst in
relief.
Akechi jogged across the room and pried the window open. It opened with only some added
force, and Akechi wondered why Strega hadn’t bothered to lock their windows.
The window was all the way open when Akechi heard the door creak behind him.
“Don’t move an inch.”
Akechi froze. He turned around slowly.
Jin was standing in the doorway, holding a knife in a throwing position.
“Did you really think I was stupid?” Jin asked. “I knew you would try a window.”
Akechi had never once thought Jin stupid. As a matter of fact, Akechi hated himself for being
so predictable. Why did he go for the room closest to the stairs? He should’ve at least gone a
few doors down. That might have given Akechi more time to slip outside.
“Just leave me alone.” Akechi tried to say it bitingly, but it sounded more desperate than he
would have liked.

“And why would I do that?” Jin said. “I don’t know what you did to make Takaya so
fascinated in you, but enough is enough!”
“I agree completely!” Akechi shouted. “Just let me go, and I’ll never bother you again!”
Jin shook his head. “Do you really think I’m that stupid? Killing you is the only logical
course of action.”
Jin only had one knife. Akechi knew how to dodge.
It was only one knife.
Jin threw the knife with deadly speed and accuracy. Akechi jumped to the side, and the knife
only grazed his cheek. It flew out the window, and Akechi took that as his cue to do the same.
Jin charged at him with a furious roar. Akechi leapt out of the window and into the cold
night. He broke into a sprint, weaving from side to side until he was confident he wasn’t
going to get a knife to the back.
Properly hidden amidst random pedestrians, Akechi pressed his hand against his profusely
bleeding cheek. He looked around and tried to figure out where the hell he was. Most of
Iwatodai looked lacked any distinguishing landmarks; a city was a city. Still, if Akechi could
just recognize a street name or a building…
Akechi’s eyes landed on Gekkoukan High, and his heart sank. It made sense that Strega’s
base of operations would be so near to Tartarus. But how the hell had Takaya managed to
drag him from Iwatodai all the way to port Island? Did he own a car?
He probably pretended that he was Akechi’s father on the train. The thought was so sickening
that Akechi wanted to hurl.
Akechi turned around and stumbled toward Port Island Station. There was no way that he’d
make it in time to get on. It was surely almost one in the morning, and that was when the
monorail ceased operation until approximately four-thirty in the morning.
By the time Akechi found Port Island Station, the monorail was indeed closed for the night.
Akechi sat down on a bench and brought his knees to his chest, still keeping a hand on his
new injury. He kept a sharp eye out for Tsuyoshi. Whatever the man’s motive, it was clear he
liked nothing more than to see Akechi absolutely miserable.
Could he walk across moonlight bridge? Was it safe to even try? The bridge was busy with
cars, and who knew where Tsuyoshi was hiding-“Akechi-kun?”
Akechi looked up to see Ikutsuki approaching him. Akechi dug his fingernails into the wood
of the park bench. Anyone but him. Anyone.
If only Akechi could be so lucky.

Ikutsuki jogged toward him, his face splitting into a wide grin. “I can’t tell you how relieved I
am to see you!”
Akechi remained expressionless as Ikutsuki sat down next to him. “Are you hurt?” he asked.
“Your cheek is bleeding pretty badly. And your nose is–”
“Broken, I know,” Akechi snapped.
“Actually, it knose,” Ikutsuki said. “I’ll call Mitsuru, and she can get a car over to us as soon
as possible.”
“Marvelous.” Akechi refused to react to the terrible pun.
“What happened anyway?” Ikutsuki asked. “The others have been worried sick! I’ve been out
all night trying to find you. And it’s a little early for you to be having one of those rebellious
teen moments.”
“Can’t you take anything seriously?” Akechi asked. “Strega abducted me.”
Ikutsuki fell silent. For once in his life, his expression was quite somber. “That is troubling
news,” he said. “Why?”
“They wanted me to help them stop SEES from ending the Dark Hour,” Akechi said. “I
refused, of course, and then I escaped.”
Ikutsuki eyed Akechi suspiciously before relaxing. “Of course you did. Even I can tell that
you hate Strega, and rightfully so.”
Akechi didn’t say anything.
“Oh, shoot!” Ikutsuki said, jumping to his feet. He pulled his cell phone out of his pocket. “I
need to make that call.”
Akechi waited quietly as Ikutsuki called Mitsuru and informed her that he had found Akechi.
Theoretically, Mitsuru was going to tell the others and send a car, because Ikutsuki put his
phone back into his pants pocket after that call.
“You must be cold,” Ikutsuki said. He pulled off his coat and dropped it into Akechi’s lap.
“You should put that on.”
“That’s not necessary–”
“I insist,” Ikutsuki said. “I at least have long sleeves to keep me warm. Your sleeves are
looking pretty short, and you look wet.”
Akechi was freezing. He hated to accept a gift from Ikutsuki, but he also didn’t want to get
hypothermia. This day had been bad enough as it currently was.
Akechi put on the coat. He tried not to sink too much into it.

“And take this.” Ikutsuki pulled a handkerchief from his pocket and handed it to Akechi.
“For your injury.”
“I’ll ruin it,” Akechi said.
“Better than using your hand to try to stop the blood,” Ikutsuki said.
Akechi reluctantly took the handkerchief and pressed it against the cut. Blood began soaking
through it almost instantaneously.
“Did Strega feed you?” Ikutsuki asked. He didn’t give Akechi too much time to answer. “Oh,
who am I kidding? Of course they didn’t.”
“I’m not that hungry anyway,” Akechi said. He didn’t want to owe Ikutsuki any more than he
already did.
“Nonsense,” Ikutsuki said. “Kids like you need all the nutrition you need. I’m sure there’s
some place open at this hour. I’ll try to find you something.”
Ikutsuki left, and Akechi couldn’t decide if he was happy about it or not. On one hand,
Akechi hated Ikutsuki. He was insufferable and his puns killed all shadows within his radius.
On the other hand, Akechi never felt at risk of Tsuyoshi knocking him out again when
Ikutsuki was around.
How infuriating.
Ikutsuki eventually returned with a big bang burger and a cup of coffee. Akechi didn’t
support employee abuse, but Ikutsuki had already bought the burger. Besides, Akechi was
extremely hungry.
“Thank you,” Akechi said with a small bow. He took the food and sat back down.
“Of course,” Ikutsuki said. “You’ve been through an ordeal, after all.”
Akechi still couldn't understand how he could say that so lightly, as though grade schoolers
were abducted and barely escaped with their life all the time.
He ate the burger within five minutes. Akechi forced himself to drink the cup of coffee at a
slower rate. He wasn’t interested in throwing up.
After Akechi had finished his coffee, Ikutsuki took the empty cup from his hands.
“You don’t have to stay awake all night, you know,” Ikutsuki said with an unprecedented
amount of gentleness. “You can get some rest.”
“I’d really prefer not.”
Ikutsuki nodded. “I understand, but I won’t let anything happen to you.”

Akechi trusted that nothing would happen to him while Ikutsuki was around. Somehow, that
trust didn’t extend while Akechi was still asleep.
“I appreciate what you’re trying to do,” Akechi said. “But as reassuring as your presence is, I
don’t think I feel safe enough to sleep in a public place. I can stay up easily enough.”
It was true. Akechi wasn’t sure he’d be able to sleep even if he tried. His body was still on
high alert.
“In that case, perhaps I can tell you a story to keep you up while we wait for Mitsuru to
arrive,” Ikutsuki said.
“I’m not a child.”
“Of course not,” Ikutsuki said. “But to tell you the truth, if I keep talking, I’ll be more likely
to stay awake too. It’s a win-win, right?”
Akechi sighed. “Fine.”
Ikutsuki launched into an absolutely ridiculous story about a pun-war he got into with a
classmate when he was in middle school. Akechi only half paid attention, but when the story
was done, he decided that both Ikutsuki and his classmates had all been mind-numbingly
immature.
A limousine finally skidded into view, and Mitsuru jumped out of the car. “Akechi-kun!” she
ran up to him with a harried expression. Her hair was frizzier than usual. “Ikutsuki told me
about your condition,” she said. “You should go to a hospital immediately to make sure there
are no complications.”
Akechi nodded. “Very well.”
They piled into the car. Mitsuru’s driver drove at a ridiculously dangerous speed to the main
island. They parked in front of the hospital.
“I should reassure the others,” Ikutsuki said after they got out of the car. “Do you and your
father’s employees have it from here?”
Mitsuru nodded and bowed. “Thank you, Ikutsuki-san.”
Akechi gave a deeper bow alongside her. “Yes. Thank you.”
Ikutsuki smiled. “Of course.”
Devil Arcana: Rank 9

Chapter End Notes

Takaya: we're kidnapping him... for the gun....
Jin: fOr tHE gUn
akechi's really going thru it. Can't wait for things to get better next week LOL
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 29: October 14–27, 2009
Chapter Summary

There may come a day when Akechi actively confides in people.
But it sure as hell ain't this day.

Chapter Notes

tw: ptsd, referenced animal death, grief, lack of privacy i guess??

See the end of the chapter for more notes

At the hospital, Akechi allowed the doctors to straighten his nose and apply stitches to his
cheek. As soon as he confirmed that Mitsuru was still in the room with him, he promptly fell
asleep on the hospital bed.
When he woke up, Akechi blinked rapidly at the brightness of the room. Sunlight poured
from the windows, tinting the white walls golden. Mitsuru sat in the corner of the room,
reading, and the sun made her crimson hair glow along the edges.
“What time is it?” Akechi asked, his voice hoarser than he expected.
Mitsuru looked up with a startled expression. “A few minutes past noon,” she said. “It’s good
to see that you are awake.”
Akechi sat up. “Yeah…” He massaged his eyes and grimaced at the painful swelling around
his nose. He moved his hand away from his face and frowned. “How come I wasn't moved?”
“It wasn’t strictly necessary,” Mitsuru said. “There are still rooms to spare, and I didn’t want
to move you after you had finally fallen asleep. I thought you might panic if you woke up
somewhere you didn’t fall asleep.”
She probably wasn’t wrong, considering what had just happened.
“Well, I’m fine now.” Akechi got to his feet. He felt relatively refreshed, and it wasn’t as
though a broken nose and a stitched-up cut required frequent observation. “We should return
to the dorms.”
“That would be best,” Mitsuru agreed.

The employees who drove Akechi and Mitsuru to the hospital were still waiting outside.
Akechi was grateful that he didn’t have to walk, but immediately hated himself for it. Was
one incident really going to turn him into such a coward?
In the car, Akechi gave an abbreviated version of what occurred the day before, keeping the
torture part as vague as possible. Akechi left out the part where Tsuyoshi knocked him out.
Tsuyoshi would open a can of worms that would distract from more present issues at hand,
such as putting the Dark Hour to an end.
He also only said Takaya took him to convert him to Strega’s side, deciding the gun part was
an extraneous detail that would only complicate things. What would Mitsuru think if she
knew Akechi had access to a gun? Besides, if word got out that Akechi hadn’t destroyed the
gun, would Jin think that a good enough reason to let Takaya take him again?
“I wish I could have been there,” Mitsuru said when Akechi was done. “We looked
everywhere for you, but you had to save yourself.”
“Don’t blame yourself,” Akechi said.
Mitsuru made a noncommittal noise. “Still, I commend your quick thinking,” she said. “It’s a
relief that you’re alive and safe.”
It was Akechi’s turn to make a noncommittal noise. Takaya and Tsuyoshi were both
manipulative assholes, but a small part of him couldn’t help but to agree with parts of what
they said. Especially the part about SEES using him for their own gain. It was the only way
he could justify their mild reaction to Akechi’s past.
They arrived back at the dorms, but everybody was still at school. That’s when Akechi made
a rather startling realization.
“Mitsuru,” he said. “You missed a day of exams on my behalf?”
“You were more important,” Mitsuru said.
“But–”
“Don’t worry,” Mitsuru said. “I explained the situation to my teachers, and these are only the
midterm exams. I arranged to have them made up.”
Thank god.
Akechi went upstairs to his bedroom. He should probably get more sleep; he still felt
exhausted.
As he walked up the stairs, he finally removed the small object he found the night before
from his pocket. It was an old toy car, slightly bent and worn from years of neglect. It was
made of metal, which was likely why it was undamaged by whatever fire previously ravaged
Strega’s current place of residence.

Akechi entered his bedroom and placed the car on his desk. He’d give it more thought later.
Taiyaki was swimming in frantic circles around his tank, and Akechi realized with a pang of
guilt that he had never fed him yesterday. He usually did so in the evenings, but obviously, he
never had a chance to do so last night.
Akechi quickly put some food inside the tank. Taiyaki instantly swam to the surface of the
water where the small pellets floated. Akechi watched with a strange feeling of satisfaction as
Taiyaki began consuming his late dinner.
The room was oddly cold, and a gust of wind hit Akechi’s arm. Akechi turned away from
Taiyaki, and his stomach twisted.
The window was cracked open.
Not only that, but his phone sat on his bed. A note sat beneath it. Ignoring his phone and the
window, Akechi picked up the slip of paper.
Well played.
A small smiley face was drawn underneath the neat handwriting.
Seething, Akechi crumpled up the piece of paper and tossed it out the window. He slammed
the window shut and locked it without another word.
Needless to say, he didn’t get anymore sleep.

“Goro!”
Ken sprinted toward Akechi and tackled him in a hug before Akechi could even begin to
process what the hell was happening. Ken pulled away equally swiftly, obviously
embarrassed.
“I’m glad you’re alright,” Ken said, his eyes darting to the stitches across Akechi’s face. He
frowned. “Are you okay?”
“I’m fine,” Akechi said. “It was my own fault anyway–”
“Hey, Aki,” Shinjiro interrupted loudly, having come inside behind Ken. “Did you hear
something?”
Akihiko gave Shinjiro a confused glance. “Um…”
“I thought I heard a bunch of bullshit,” Shinjiro said.
“That’s a bit strong,” Yamagishi said quietly.
“It’s true,” Ken said seriously. “How can it be your own fault that you got kidnapped? That
doesn’t make any sense at all.”

Akechi had long decided that reasoning with SEES was like trying to reason with the
Phantom Thieves. He let the subject drop.
Everyone else expressed equal relief that Akechi did not turn up dead in a ditch. Minato said
in a very solemn expression, “We should form a club.”
Junpei let out a startled laugh. Yukari glared at them both.
“This isn’t funny!” she protested.
“It was a little funny,” Ken said, glancing at Akechi guiltily.
Yukari looked like she was about to cry. “Akechi-kun almost died, and you’re making stupid
jokes!”
“You should all be ashamed of yourselves,” Aigis said. “Support clubs exist in real life and
are no laughing matter. I suggest you start work on organizing your gatherings right away.”
“Aigis!” Yukari chided.
“It’s alright, Yukari-san,” Akechi said. He put on a very serious expression. “I think Minato’s
idea has some logic to it.”
Yukari flung her hands in the air and turned away from all of them. “I don’t understand you
guys at all.”
“Well, I have some good news for everyone as well,” Yamagishi said. “I’ve been working
with the programmers in the Kirijo group these past few weeks, and we successfully took
down Strega’s website last night!”
Everybody let out exclamations of delighted surprise. Akechi had a feeling that while the
weeks of effort helped; Jin being preoccupied all night also aided the cause.
“Has it gone back up yet?” Akechi asked.
“They’re monitoring the situation,” Yamagishi admitted. “We’re sure it will come back up,
but this will at least stall their activities.”
“Well done,” Mitsuru said.
“Especially considering that Strega’s so preoccupied with us, right?” Junpei asked. “It seems
they’re doubling down on efforts to stop us.”
“The next full moon is in twenty-four days,” Minato said. It was extremely liberating to
know that he had been keeping track. Akechi sometimes wondered if Minato realized the full
moon was coming three days prior and panickily took everyone to Tartarus to prepare. That
was certainly what it felt like.
“That’s not a lot of time, all things considered,” Akihiko said.

“It’s almost over.” Mitsuru’s shoulders slumped at that realization.
“Almost over,” Yukari agreed.
“On that note,” Mitsuru said, sitting down on the nearby sofa. “Minato, have you checked the
command room? It seems to be malfunctioning again.”
“I haven’t looked at it in a while,” Minato said, shrugging. “I don’t know how to fix it.”
“If Minato can’t help, I can try!” Junpei said, looking excited.
“I don’t think that’s a good idea,” Minato said doubtfully.
“Are you kidding me?!” Junpei protested. “It’s a great idea! I’m Junpei! Ace fix-person…
whatever you call it.”
“Oh, um, I thought maybe I would take a look at it,” Yamagishi said, her face turning pink.
“You can too, Fuuka-chan,” Junpei said. “But Minato’s just wounded my honor, so I have to
rise to the challenge.”
“Oh, okay.”
Akechi hoped that in Junpei’s eagerness to help, he didn’t accidentally make Fuuka’s repair
job harder in the end. Even so, why did Minato look like he was planning his own funeral?

“You tripped?” Emiko asked doubtfully the following day. Akechi had briefly responded to
one of her texts the day before, but he doubted Emiko expected to see him with a swollen
nose and a cut that would scar. “How did your face get cut?”
“I was really unlucky,” Akechi said. Fortunately, he gave his cover story a good deal of
thought before coming to school. “A sharp branch was sticking out into the path when I fell,
and it scratched my face.”
“And then you fell directly on your nose,” Emiko finished, grimacing. “That is unlucky.”
But Emiko frowned and kept glancing at the scar; it was obvious she didn’t quite believe him.
The story really wasn’t that good, but most people’s minds weren’t going to jump to “he got
kidnapped by mercenaries and some powerful being.” It provided an explanation while
slightly tarnishing Akechi’s reputation as a perfect human being. But his fellow peers never
saw him that way anyway.
“I took a day off to recover,” Akechi said. “I hope you understand.”
“Don’t worry, I do!” Emiko said. “I was worried. Your nose looks like it really hurts.”
“It does,” Akechi said bluntly.

Akechi was less worried for his nose and more worried for his attendance record. He missed
about four days of school in this month alone.
“I doubt you’ll have trouble catching up,” Ken said, reading the look on Akechi’s face. “We
mostly did review yesterday.”
“Except for in history,” Emiko said. “We started a new section in history.”
“But it’s easy history,” Ken hastened to add. “I think.”
The history wasn’t too hard, although Akechi didn’t remember much of it. History wasn’t his
best subject. Emiko struggled with it, and Akechi offered to help her study the next day in the
library.
“You would?” Emiko asked, as though their entire relationship hadn’t been built on the idea
that Akechi would help her study.
“That’s what friends are for,” Akechi said.
“He helped a high schooler study once,” Ken added.
“No way,” Emiko said, giggling. “But I almost believe it.”
“No, no, he did,” Ken insisted.
Emiko only laughed.

They did not end up studying the next day. As a matter of fact, Emiko met them that morning
with a tear-filled expression.
“What happened?” Ken asked, his alarm evident on his face. Normally, Akechi and Ken were
the ones having serious problems while Emiko happily lived her life in ignorance. Not the
other way around.
“Momo–”
Emiko burst into tears and covered her face with her hands. Ken and Akechi gave each other
panicked glances. Neither of them knew how to deal with this new situation.
Akechi hesitantly put his hand on Emiko’s shoulder. “I’m sorry for your loss,” he said.
“Wait, what?” Ken asked. Clearly, he had not noticed the steadily degrading health of
Emiko’s cat.
Emiko swiftly scrubbed the tears from her eyes. Her efforts weren’t particularly effective in
stopping her crying, but she managed to give them a wobbly smile.
“It’s okay,” she said. “I shouldn’t be crying anyway. I’m too old for that.”

“Emiko-kun, what happened?” Ken asked as Emiko started furiously walking to school. They
hastened to follow.
“Momo…” Emiko’s lip curled. “Momo died last night.”
“Oh,” Ken said, his voice subdued. “I’m so sorry; that must feel terrible.”
The loss of a cat didn’t exactly compare to the death of a mother, but it was clear that Emiko
cared deeply for her animal companion. Akechi wasn’t about to belittle her pain.
“I just–I just miss him a lot.” Emiko sniffed. “I won’t be able to snuggle with him, or play
with him, or even let him sleep in my lap while I do my homework ever again.”
Something inside Akechi ached. He had never seen Emiko like this. Normally she was able
to put a smile on in any situation and act like she really meant it.
“It’s not fair,” Akechi said, because it was the only thing he could think to say.
“It’s not fair at all,” Emiko agreed. She continued to furiously wipe the tears away from her
cheeks as she inhaled shudderingly. “But Momo wouldn’t want me to be sad, right?”
“Of course not,” Ken said. “But it’s okay to be sad too.”
“Is it?” Emiko asked, looking doubtful. “My sister didn’t cry at all.”
“Everybody grieves differently,” Akechi said.
Despite their words, Emiko managed to put on a happy face by the time they reached the
school. She was a fairly good actor, but Akechi could easily see the hollowness in her eyes.
Anyone who really knew her would know that she was miserable.
When class ended, she went home immediately, without another word.
Strength Arcana: Rank 7

Akechi hated the days that followed.
He still hadn’t gotten over the kidnapping incident, much to his frustration. Akechi struggled
to fall asleep in his own bedroom, even after triple checking the doors and windows to make
sure they were locked. Sometimes, he heard Junpei or Shinjiro loudly speak from further
down the hall, and his heart would speed up.
“Nobody here wants to kill you,” Akechi muttered, sitting at his desk and trying to stay calm.
He stared at Taiyaki as he swam in and out of his castle. “Nobody here wants to kill you.”
Taiyaki swam toward Akechi, probably not hearing a word he said. His presence was still
extremely calming. No wonder Emiko was reduced to sobbing at the loss of her cat, who was
far more capable of emotional support compared to Akechi’s fish.

Occasionally, Akechi would still get cryptic text messages from unknown numbers. His most
recent one commented on the loss of Momo. Akechi was beginning to suspect that the sender
was more than just Takaya trying to be awful. Surely Takaya didn’t stalk Akechi every hour
of the day. That would be wildly unproductive.
When Akechi did finally fall asleep, he’d often wake up in a cold sweat, dreaming of death,
concrete walls, and stolen guns. Every time he woke up, he’d check the briefcase underneath
his bed, making sure Takaya’s gun was still intact.
Meanwhile, at school, Emiko was a shell of her ordinary self. It was only to be expected after
suffering a loss, but it was hard to cling to a fantasy of an ordinary life if even school wasn't
the same.
Emiko would smile and talk and pretend that she had recovered. But she put less energy into
their conversations than usual, and Akechi and Ken found themselves carrying the
discussion. Ken brought candy to “share”, but it was Emiko’s favorite kind. Akechi would try
to help with Emiko’s homework when he could; that was all he was really good for. He knew
it didn’t do much to cheer her up.
One evening, Akechi was staring at Taiyaki, forcing himself to stay calm at the sound of
approaching footsteps. A loud knock sounded on the other side of his door, and Akechi
jumped. His hand violently hit the old metal car that was still sitting on his desk, and it fell to
the ground with a loud clatter.
“Hey, Akechi-kun!” Junpei said. “Um, it’s just me.”
“I know that,” Akechi snapped, deeply irritated with himself. He stood up and opened the
door for Junpei. “What do you want?”
“Oh, I was actually wondering if we could speak in private?” Junpei’s eyes landed on the
goldfish tank. “Man, when did you get a pet fish?”
“During the summer festival.”
“That was ages ago!” Junpei entered Akechi’s room without permission and leaned toward
Taiyaki’s tank. “Why don’t you tell us anything?”
“It’s not my strong suit,” Akechi said blandly. He closed the door behind him. “What do you
want?”
Junpei clasped his hands together and turned away from the fish. He cast his eyes around the
room. “Man, you need some posters or something,” he said. “These bare walls are just sad.”
“Not all of us can live in a pigsty.” Akechi leaned against the wall and crossed his arms
impatiently. “Talk.”
“Okay, fine! Sheesh.” Junpei huffed, and he glanced down at Akechi’s bed. “Okay, so crazy
story, um, did you know there are cameras in our bedrooms?”
“There are what?”

Akechi immediately looked up at the ceiling, but there was no sign of any recording devices
anywhere. Where would a camera be hiding anyway? Akechi’s room was as bare as they
come, and when he first moved in, he had checked the entire area for any sign of bugging or
recording devices.
Akechi turned to his bookshelves and started removing books.
“Wait, wait, stop,” Junpei said. “I already got Fuuka to disable them.”
“That’s not good enough,” Akechi snapped. “Are they recording all of the time? What angle
was the recording taken?”
“Um, kind of from where I’m standing?”
Akechi instantly marched toward Junpei. He was standing in between the vanity and the
desk. Neither of which were prime hiding spots for recording devices.
“It kind of came from higher up too,” Junpei said. “It didn’t look like it was on any
furniture.”
Akechi finally spotted the small glint of a camera lens coming from the analog clock on the
wall right behind Junpei. Akechi couldn’t reach, so he spun toward Junpei frantically.
“Take down that clock,” he snapped.
“Um, what?”
“Take down that goddamn clock!”
Junpei raised his hands in surrender. “Okay, okay, I will!” He immediately took the clock
down from the wall and gave it an odd look. “I don’t think any cameras are hiding in here.”
Akechi snatched the clock from Junpei’s hands and looked at the small knob in the middle.
Sure enough, the knob was actually a very small camera. Likely Kirijo made. That’s where
they got all of their other technology.
Akechi threw the clock against the floor and stomped on it. It cracked loudly, and Junpei
grabbed him by both shoulders.
“Wait, what are you–”
“Let go of me!” Akechi shouted.
“You’re going to hurt yourself!” Junpei protested. “That stuff’s sharp!”
“If you don’t let go of me right now, I’ll–”
Junpei let go of Akechi, and Akechi stumbled forward. His breathing had gotten faster than
he had realized; he took a minute to catch his breath.

“Fine,” Akechi said. “I’ll throw the damn thing in the dumpster.”
“That sounds much better,” Junpei said.
“Did you tell Mitsuru about this?” Akechi asked. “Whose idea was it to put cameras in our
rooms to begin with?”
“Oh, well, don’t get too angry now,” Junpei said. “Mitsuru was very surprised to hear that the
cameras were still in our rooms, or even that they were in all of our rooms. But she did know
they existed.”
“What?”
“You said you wouldn’t get angry!”
“Do not put words into my mouth!”
“Well, look, she told me that she had only known about cameras in Minato’s room, because
they weren’t initially sure that he had the potential,” Junpei said. “That’s all she said she
knew. She’s also helping Fuuka spread the word, and we’re working to remove the cameras.”
“Why didn’t she tell you where mine was?” Akechi demanded.
“Didn’t I just tell you?” Junpei asked. “She didn’t even realize that all of our rooms had
cameras! Much less that they were recording at randomly inconvenient times of the day!”
Akechi felt a migraine coming on.
“How did you find out about this?” he asked through gritted teeth.
“Oh, well, remember when Minato told me I wasn’t capable of fixing the control panel in the
command room?” Junpei asked.
“He didn’t say that.”
“Yeah, well, I think I’m realizing that now,” Junpei said. “He wasn’t calling my capabilities
into question. He just didn’t want me to see the pile-up of weird recordings. Um, I didn’t
realize what they were at first, though. I only watched the most recent one, and–”
“Has Minato seen these recordings?”
“Mitsuru asked, and he admitted to seeing the first few before deciding it was really weird,”
Junpei said. His face grew more serious. “He hadn’t thought about the implications of
cameras in our bedrooms, or maybe he just didn’t care at first and forgot to think about it, but
he was apologetic at least.”
“That’s comforting,” Akechi said sarcastically.
“Look, I came to tell you about the cameras, sure, but I have something more important to
talk to you about.” Junpei chuckled nervously. “Um, you see, when I was watching that

recording–”
“Just spit it out.”
“Why do you have Takaya’s gun?” Junpei blurted out.
Akechi should have been expecting that. Still, he found himself standing completely still
after that announcement.
“What?” Akechi asked.
“I saw it in the recording,” Junpei said. “You pulled some briefcase out from underneath your
bed, and I saw that revolver. Isn’t that Takaya’s?”
Akechi would gain nothing from lying. He’d only make himself look like a traitor and a spy,
especially considering the kidnapping from earlier that week. Junpei could easily assume that
Akechi joined Strega during that time, and Takaya gave him the gun in good faith.
“I stole it,” Akechi said. “A couple of weeks ago.”
“A couple weeks ago?” Junpei asked. “You mean Takaya has been without a gun for weeks,
and you didn’t think it important to bring it up?”
“I’ve been a bit preoccupied recently,” Akechi said. It wasn’t a particularly compelling
excuse.
“Well, I guess you have a point there,” Junpei sighed. His eyes unsubtly jumped to the
stitches across Akechi’s cheek. He started turning toward the door. “Well, the others will be
pleased to hear that–”
“You can’t tell them.” Akechi tightly grabbed Junpei by the wrist.
“What?” Junpei asked. “What do you mean?”
Honesty. Akechi had to be honest, or he wasn’t going to gain back any of Junpei’s trust.
Not that it mattered, of course.
“They think I’ve disposed of it,” Akechi said.
“Who? The others?”
“No, dumbass, Strega!” Akechi’s grip on Junpei’s wrist tightened. “If they know I have it,
they’ll target me again!”
Logically, Akechi knew the real reason Takaya kidnapped him was to brainwash him. But Jin
only agreed to it because of that stupid gun.
“O-oh.” Junpei looked down at his wrist. “Can you let go of me? It kind of hurts.”

Akechi loosened his grip, but he didn’t let go. “Only after you promise me you won’t tell
them,” Akechi said. “If I’m going to trust you, you have to trust me not to use it for harm.”
“You seriously think this has got to do with you?” Junpei asked defensively. “I said that the
others would be happy! Not scared for their lives!”
“Look me in the eyes and tell me with full honesty that you’re not worried about the gun
being in my hands.”
“I mean, it’s not in your hands right now…” Junpei said hesitantly. “Ugh, fine! Maybe I’m a
little cautious. But look, everybody’s stressing really hard about what Strega could be doing
to people. Without his revolver, Takaya’s a lot less of a threat!”
“Live whatever fantasy you’d like, Jin and Takaya are still hurting people. And I’m sure he
replaced his gun,” Akechi said. But was he? If Takaya was so attached to the revolver’s
sentimental value, whatever the hell that meant? “Promise me you won’t tell the others. Your
tongue alone is likely to slip around the wrong people.”
Junpei’s expression became very hurt. “You really think I’d try to put you in danger?”
“Not intentionally.”
The words felt like another one of Akechi’s myriad of lies.
“Fine,” Junpei sighed. “Fine. You win. I won’t tell the others. But if Akihiko or Mitsuru finds
out and gets mad, I’m not feeling sorry for you!”
“Understood.” Akechi hesitated before letting go of Junpei’s wrist. Junpei immediately
yanked it backwards and grabbed hold of it with his other hand. “Thank you.”
“Sure, sure, whatever.” Junpei rolled his eyes as he rolled his wrist back and forth. “Man, I
hate being burdened with secrets.”
“Then forget you know anything.” Akechi almost shoved Junpei out of his bedroom before
suddenly realizing– “What about the recording? Is it still on the control console?”
“Nah.” Junpei shook his head. “Mitsuru deleted them all without watching. She said that we
should respect each other’s privacy.”
Akechi relaxed. “Good.”
“Man,” Junpei sighed as he started to leave the room. “I hope you know what you’re doing,
man.”
“So do I.” But Akechi was still tense. He stared at the broken clock on the floor. “Why were
there cameras in our rooms to begin with?”
“Mitsuru called the chairman,” Junpei said. “He said the cameras were originally there as a
security measure, back when nobody lived in the rooms, but he thought they’d been turned

off when we moved into each of them. He thinks maybe Jin found a way to get them online.
Or that the system is broken.”
“And you believe that?” Akechi asked quietly. His skin crawled to think of Jin potentially
spying on them through the cameras in their rooms. But if he had, why did he bother asking
about the location of Takaya’s gun? He would have seen the same video Junpei had.
No. Whoever was responsible, it wasn’t Jin.
“Has Ikutsuki-san really given us any reason to mistrust him?” Junpei asked, looking slightly
uneasy himself. “I mean, he was the one who found you. And he’s been a lot of help to us.”
“He also didn’t think to tell us about cameras in our rooms,” Akechi said.
Junpei grimaced. “He really made it sound like an honest mistake.”
Akechi bit his tongue to stop himself from laughing derisively. As much as he hated to admit
it, Ikutsuki had seemed rather harmless. If one could call being careless with the safety of
children “harmless”. He had supported Akechi in telling the truth to the others, and he had
assisted Akechi when he escaped Strega.
But who else would be responsible for the cameras being on? Unless some researcher hacked
into the system?
Regardless, everyone else trusted Ikutsuki so readily that even suggesting he had ill
intentions would be pointless.
“Maybe it was,” Akechi finally said. He’d keep an eye on the situation.
Temperance Arcana: Rank 4

Ikutsuki came by the following morning to express his deepest apologies about the cameras.
None of them could get a word in edgewise without him bowing and apologizing. He even
presented them with a tray of extremely expensive-looking sushi, which won Junpei over
immediately.
Akechi wasn’t sure what to make of it, but most adults wouldn’t bend over backwards to
apologize to children.
Akechi wasn’t sure if that made Ikutski more or less suspicious.
By the time Ikutsuki left, having promised to discover the source behind the functioning
cameras while delivering ten puns to boot, Akechi decided Ikutsuki was probably too
bumbling to have nefarious intentions. Whether that made him innocent remained to be seen.
Minato also apologized for the third time about watching the videos and not telling anyone.
Fortunately, it seemed the contents of the videos Minato saw were mostly harmless.

“Shinjiro-kun?” Yamagishi asked later that afternoon. Akechi and Shinjiro had been sitting
quietly in the lounge as Shinjiro watched a cooking program. Akechi was only vaguely
interested, but he never felt safe alone in his room.
He came downstairs to brainstorm ways he could potentially use the Dark Hour to get back to
2017. For some reason, his heart wasn’t as into the process as it once was. Maybe it was
because he knew the effort was futile. But he hated feeling like he was just letting things
happen to him. He needed to regain some semblance of control. If that meant pretending he
could return to the future, that was what he was going to do.
Besides, everyone was still shaken from the camera debacle. Akechi needed to distract
himself.
“What is it?” Shinjiro asked. He took the television remote from the coffee table and turned
down the volume.
Yamagishi clasped her arms behind her back and looked at the television. “I was wondering if
you could bake a cake for Yukari-chan this evening. It’s her birthday, you see.”
“Man, people are having birthdays left and right,” Shinjiro sighed. He leaned further into the
sofa, looking exhausted. “When’s yours?”
“Oh, mine?” Yamagishi asked. “It’s not until late December. I don’t think anyone has a
birthday soon after Yukari’s, if that’s what you’re asking.”
“Good,” Shinjiro said. “We’ll get sick of cake after a while. What flavor does she like?”
“She said she liked lemon, I think,” Fuuka said. “You’ll do it, then?”
Shinjiro nodded. “On one condition,” he said. “You help me.”
Yamagishi shook her head quickly. “Oh, no, you don’t want me to help you,” she said. “I’d
only ruin things.”
“Minato said you were getting better with your cooking club,” Shinjiro said, raising his
eyebrows.
“Well, yes, but only because I have so many notes,” Yamagishi said. “But I’m so busy
anyways. Strega’s managed to put their website back up, and I’m doing everything within my
power to find a way to stop them.”
“Didn’t you say you were going to take breaks?” Akechi asked.
“Well… yes.” Yamagishi looked down at the floor. “But after everything that happened… I
wanted to see if we could make a program that tracked Strega’s movements, so that we could
confront them head on. But nothing seems to work.”
“I agree with Goro,” Shinjiro said. “Take a break. Besides, I’ll make sure you don’t do
anything too dramatic. I’ll get Aki and Goro to monitor the situation. Goro should know how
not to destroy a cake, at least.”

“Thanks,” Akechi said dryly.
Yamagishi giggled nervously. “Um, if you say so, Shinjiro-kun. I’ll do my best!”
“That’s the spirit,” Shinjiro said unenthusiastically as he turned the volume back up on the
television.
A few hours later, Akechi, Akihiko, Yamagishi, and Shinjiro all gathered in the kitchen area.
In the small kitchen space, everyone was close to touching shoulders, but Shinjiro organized
small stations for them. While Shinjiro and Akihiko worked on the icing, Yamagishi had the
very analytical job of measuring out ingredients and putting them into a bowl. Akechi
ensured Yamagishi knew her measurement abbreviations.
“That says teaspoons, not tablespoons,” Akechi said as Yamagishi pulled out the wrong
measuring spoon from the cabinet.
Yamagishi glanced down at her open notebook. Akechi could barely read the tiny scrawl, and
Yamagishi seemed to be struggling as well. “Oh, you’re right!” her face flushed as she got the
correct measuring spoon out. “Sorry.”
“Don’t apologize,” Akechi said. “I’m not any good at this either.”
“Yes, but you’re a fast learner,” Yamagishi said. “I seem to make the same mistakes over and
over again.”
“You don’t have to be an expert in cooking,” Akechi said. “I lived off of frozen meals for
years.”
“That’s not very healthy, Akechi-kun,” Yamagishi said as she started cracking the eggs.
“Besides, don’t most girls know how to cook?”
“I’ll remind you that the only person who knows how to cook in this entire dorm is Shinjiro,”
Akechi said. “Mitsuru, Takeba, and Aigis, although I suppose her gender identity is still in
question, are all as hopeless as you.”
“Aigis-chan is an anti-shadow weapon,” Yamagishi said. She poured her cracked eggs into
their mixture. “Mitsuru-senpai is going to take over a massive company one day, and
Yukari… Oh, I don’t know.”
“What’s the problem, then?” Akechi asked. “You’re perfectly intelligent. You’re far more
adept in technology than I am.”
“I suppose,” Yamagishi said. “But I don’t think people are likely to accept that as much.”
“Well, screw them,” Akechi said bluntly. “Who cares what they think?”
Shinjiro took their bowl and began mixing the batter. Without anything left to do, Yamagishi
leaned against the counter and started tracing flowers into spilled flour.

“The others say the same thing,” Yamagishi admitted. “But I’m not as good as I thought, am
I? Everyone keeps getting hurt, and I’m never any help to anyone.”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Akihiko said. “You’re loads of help. Without you, we would have
never gotten as far as we have with defeating the shadows.”
“I suppose.” Yamagishi frowned. “Don’t you ever feel like that we’re a little in over our
heads? Strega’s so much more powerful than us, and these shadows keep almost killing us,
and what if the Dark Hour doesn’t go away after all?”
“It will,” Akihiko said. “It has to.”
“Fuuka,” Akechi said. “You’re a core part of the team. On the last full moon–” Akechi
glanced at Shinjiro, but his face barely changed at the reference “--Takaya wanted to know
who you were. We all know how important you are to the group.”
“Oh.” Fuuka covered her face with her hands, getting flour on her skin and in her hair in the
process. “I don’t… I don’t know how I feel about that.”
“Just take the compliment,” Shinjiro said as he put the cake into the oven.

“Hey, Akechi,” Minato asked out of nowhere one evening. The next full moon was about a
week away, and Minato had already arranged for everyone to leave for Tartarus. Oddly
enough, however, Minato hadn’t bothered to go out and speak to anyone; he just lay sprawled
on the sofa in the silence of the dorm. Everyone else had left the lounge. Akechi himself had
been considering visiting Emiko. “Do you ever wonder why you’re fighting?”
“Where is this coming from?” Akechi asked.
Minato shrugged. “I was thinking, I guess.”
“Clearly.”
“So?” Minato asked, staring at the ceiling dully. “Why do you fight? With us, I mean?”
Akechi frowned. “I’ve stuck around this long, haven’t I?”
“That’s not an answer.”
“Fine.” Akechi inhaled sharply. “Do you want my genuine answer? I have no other option.
It’s either fight or get sent back to the hell I’ve lived in for a decade. I hate Strega; I want to
see them suffer. And if the Dark Hour doesn’t get eradicated, then some powerful individual
will weaponize it more than even Strega has.”
“That’s a lot of reasons,” Minato said.
“And all of them are utterly selfish.”

“Not that last one.” Minato raised his eyebrows thoughftully. “Not really the second one.”
“Revenge is purely selfish,” Akechi snapped. “I’m not like you guys. This isn’t about the
people Strega has killed. This is about the pain they’ve inflicted upon me.”
“Still a good cause.”
“Well, don’t go praising me for what I don’t deserve,” Akechi muttered. “Why did you even
ask?”
“I was thinking.”
“You said that already.” Akechi rolled his eyes. “Why do you fight, then?”
Minato frowned. “I… “
He shut his mouth without ever finishing his sentence.
“You seriously don’t know?” Akechi asked. “Haven’t we already discussed this?”
“I didn’t have an answer then, either.”
“But you haven’t given it serious thought since then?”
Minato shrugged again. “A lot happened.”
Akechi couldn’t argue with that. Still, he couldn’t help but to be slightly astonished by this
turn of events.
“I can’t tell you why you fight,” Akechi said.
“I know that,” Minato snapped. “I just thought, maybe you’d have a reason that I share. Or
something. I don’t know.”
“We’re not the same.”
“I gave up on the world too,” Minato said. “I still don’t even think it’s really worth saving. So
why am I here? Why do I fight?”
Minato’s expression was so lost, so confused. Akechi opened his mouth, but he had no idea
what he could possibly say to reassure him. Minato continued speaking anyway.
“Yukari has her dad. Mitsuru has her grandfather. Ken and Shinjiro are looking to the future.
Akihiko wants to protect the people that matter. Where does that place me?”
“Maybe you don’t need a noble reason,” Akechi said. “You’re fighting. And you care.”
“Do I?”
“I can’t answer that for you either, but you vouched for me. You withstood torture for the
group. You built sandcastles.”

Akechi wasn’t sure why that last part mattered to him, but he couldn’t take the words back
after he had said them.
“Huh.” Minato’s woeful expression mellowed out slightly. “Okay.”
“Did you have an epiphany?” Akechi asked, surprised by the sudden shift.
“Not really.” Minato sat up. “Well, maybe.”
“And that was?”
Minato stared at his hands, looking like a man who realized he had been wearing the wrong
glasses prescription his entire life. “Maybe parts of the world are worth saving.”
Akechi raised his eyebrows. He hadn’t expected to hear that from Minato; he also didn’t
agree at all. “What parts?”
Minato didn’t look up from his hands. “Friends.”
Death Arcana: Rank 6

Chapter End Notes

So I've reread that last seen multiple times to edit it, but I was doing my "I'm posting this
chapter next" re-read and discovered that Minato was lying down for the entire
conversation. So now I'm imagining Minato lying in one of those red therapy couch
things, and Akechi is the therapist with the clipboard. You're welcome for this
marvelous mental image.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 30: November 3–4, 2009
Chapter Summary

I think I had a really good idea for this chapter summary but i honestly can't remember
what it was
Oh, oh, I got it!
First rank max!!! :DDDDDDDD

Chapter Notes

tw: death, injury, violence, bad guy suicide, ptsd, dead body (y'know, due to the death)

See the end of the chapter for more notes

On the night of the full moon, the tension in the command room was so high that nobody was
sitting down. Everyone gathered around Fuuka in a tight circle, holding their breath as they
waited.
“Is everyone here?” Mitsuru asked, looking around the room.
For the first time in months, everyone was accounted for. Akechi had been sure Strega would
put more effort into dividing their team when SEES was so close to destroying the Dark
Hour, and he couldn’t imagine why they had changed their approach. Maybe it was because
SEES still managed to defeat the shadows regardless.
“I sense something…” Fuuka said. “On the moonlight bridge! It has to be the shadow!”
“Is everybody ready?” Minato asked, casting his gaze onto the others. Everyone already had
their weapons and armor. They didn’t want to waste any more time than necessary.
“Let’s do this thing,” Akihiko said.
“Strega is nearby,” Fuuka said, opening her eyes. “Be prepared for a fight.”
Junpei scoffed, but it held less bravado than it used to. “Aren’t we always?”
He shot Akechi a knowing look. Akechi did not return it.

When they arrived at the bridge, Akechi didn’t see the shadow at all. Instead, Takaya and Jin
stood side by side, acting as a sort of barricade to their goal. Takaya still hadn’t replaced his
revolver. Why didn’t he just steal another gun? Was Takaya really that attached to the one
Akechi stole?
“So you’ve come to face the final shadow,” Takaya said. “You claim you wish to end the
destruction caused by the shadows, and yet thousands of human lives are lost without their
intervention. The power you possess is not inherently evil; you cannot deny that. So why
don’t you just admit it–”
“Admit what, you bastard?” Shinjiro interrupted. “That we don’t want the Dark Hour to end?
Newsflash, we do!”
“I wouldn’t expect you to understand,” Takaya said dismissively. “You do not understand true
power when it hits you in the face. The others here are far less ignorant.”
“We stand by our decision!” Mitsuru said. “The Dark Hour has to end.”
“And what about your noble leader?” Jin asked. “He’s awfully quiet. It’s a wonder that he's a
leader at all.”
Yukari’s eyes flashed. “You take that back!”
Minato stared Jin directly in the eyes. “I’m tired of this,” he said. “Get out of our way.”
“As amusing as this is, it’s clear that you are lying to yourselves,” Takaya said. “Foolish
children, don’t you realize that erasing the Dark Hour is the same as erasing yourselves? Is
even that beyond your comprehension?”
“None of us are backing down!” Ken shouted.
“I can see that.” Takaya’s eyes glinted. Revolver or no, he could still summon a persona. Jin
held a grenade in his hand.
Come to think of it, Akechi had never faced Jin in a fight.
“Let’s destroy these maggots,” Jin said.
Takaya sent an unreadable glance in Akechi’s direction before sighing. “Very well. It would
seem our goals are irreconcilable. Now you will be judged!”
“This time, you’ll come out of it with more than just a little scratch,” Jin told Akechi. Akechi
lunged forward, attempting to stab Jin’s chest. Jin stepped out of the way and threw one of
his grenades at the main group.
“Everyone guard!” Minato shouted.
The battle was grueling, but it wasn’t as difficult as Akechi had initially expected it to be.
Akechi didn’t know if it was because Takaya was less threatening without literal bullets to

shoot in their hands, or if they had grown more powerful in their time in Tartarus. But they
took the two of them down within twenty minutes.
Akechi almost wanted to weep with relief as Takaya stumbled backwards. “So this… is the
power of those whose personas awakened naturally…”
Jin picked himself up off of the pavement, gasping for breath. “Is their power really that
different from ours?”
“Different?” Mitsuru asked.
“Like I said before,” Shinjiro said, wiping some blood away from his forehead. “They’re not
like us. Because of their suppression pills, they have to force their personas out.”
“You were seriously taking those pills from these bastards?” Akihiko snapped.
“You guys really don’t know anything, do you?” Jin asked through gritted teeth. “If the Dark
Hour goes away, it might not matter for normal people. Those idiots don’t remember a thing.
But for us…”
Takaya’s face hardened with resolve. “There is only one choice for us. Our bodies are
worthless without their power, after all.”
“What are you saying?” Ken asked.
Takaya backed up toward the railing of the bridge. Jin joined him.
“A fall from that height will likely kill you,” Aigis noted.
“This is how we live!” Jin said disdainfully. “Not some cowardly game of pretend! We’d
rather die than surrender to the likes of you!”
They both tipped backwards.
“Wait!” Junpei screamed, running toward them.
It was too late. They had already fallen into the water, and Akechi heard the sound of a
distant splash. Akechi joined the others at the side of the railing, looking down into the
blood-red sea. But there was no sign of anyone coming up to the surface.
Akechi’s legs felt weak. Whether it was from relief or dread, he had no idea.
They were gone. But it was never that simple. How could they possibly be gone?
“What were they thinking?” Junpei asked.
“They chose their own fate,” Akihiko said coldly. “I’m not shedding any tears on their
behalf.”
“Yeah, but…” Yukari looked a little sick herself.

“Guys!” Fuuka cried out. “The shadow’s approaching!”
Everyone looked up to see a ginormous shadow hanging from a cross-shaped helicopter.
Akechi swallowed back the storm of emotions churning within him. They still had a job to
do. He could worry about the rest later.

One dead shadow later, everybody stood in quiet relief.
“Operation completed,” Aigis said. Even she sounded pleased. “Or, should I say, Mission
Complete.”
“Hell yeah,” Junpei huffed.
“Is it actually over?” Akihiko asked, looking around.
The Dark Hour hadn’t disappeared. The world hadn’t immediately shifted to normal as soon
as they defeated the shadow. The air was still suspended in green silence.
Nobody else seemed to notice, however, and Akihiko’s apprehension apparently wasn’t
enough for him to comment on the strangeness of it all. Maybe this was what was supposed
to happen. Maybe the Dark Hour would end as it normally did tonight, but it wouldn’t return
the next day.
Akechi found this line of thinking extremely optimistic, but for some reason, he didn’t want
to rain on everyone else’s parade. The truth would reveal itself in time. Maybe… maybe
Akechi would let them have this moment.
“I think a victory cheer is in order,” Aigis said. “That is what the other team did in Minato’s
track meet.”
“Way to remind Minato of his failures, Ai-chan,” Junpei sighed.
“Apologies,” Aigis said, not looking remotely apologetic. She put her hand into the center of
their little clump. “What should our cheer be?”
“Can we go home now?” Minato asked. Or maybe he really wanted that to be their cheer.
“One, two, three, can we go home now!” Aigis lifted her hand into the air and did a small
jump.
Everybody laughed. “That was the saddest cheer I’ve ever heard,” Ken said.
“I thought it was genuine enough.” Shinjiro sighed and looked up at the sky. His expression
grew slightly less relaxed. “Come on. Let’s get going.”
As they started walking back, Aigis suggested they have another celebration. It was strange
to hear Aigis so excited over their victory, but nobody objected. Mitsuru said she’d order

some fancy tuna for them to eat in the dorms, and everybody started placing their
preferences.
Akechi decided he’d just eat whatever was left over; he didn’t feel very hungry.
“What’s going on?” Shinjiro asked as Akechi started to lag behind. “You don’t look very
excited.”
Akechi dug his nails into his palms. “Doesn’t something feel… off to you?” Akechi asked,
glancing around. The Dark Hour still hadn’t ended. “I can’t shake this feeling…”
“I kind of feel the same way,” Shinjiro admitted. “But let’s try to have a little optimism. You
can’t live your life always believing the worst is going to happen, right?”
“It keeps you alive.”
“Or it makes you miserable,” Shinjiro said. “All three of us could have died last month, but
we didn’t. The worst doesn’t always happen.”
“You sound like you’re trying to convince yourself more than me,” Akechi said.
“Maybe I am.” Shinjiro stuffed his hands into his pockets. “Let’s just try, alright?”
Akechi rolled his eyes. “Fine.”

The following day was extremely surreal.
Mitsuru looked like she was going to burst into tears at any minute, likely from the sheer
relief of it finally being over. Akihiko and Shinjiro had similar dispositions, although neither
of them looked particularly prone to cry. Everyone else seemed almost upset. The only one
who was externally happy at it being over was Aigis, who frequently congratulated Minato
for a job well done.
Akechi waited for the others to turn on him, to decide that his presence was no longer
needed. But they all seemed distracted by their own lives. The time would inevitably come,
but it didn’t seem that it would happen that day.
Akechi and Ken walked to school rather glumly. Neither of them knew what was going to
happen to them now. There was no good reason for elementary schoolers to live in a high
school dorm. As a matter of fact, if it weren’t for the extenuating circumstances (even with
them, in Akechi’s opinion), it was rather unsafe.
“What do you think is going to happen now?” Ken asked.
“I don’t know,” Akechi admitted. He held back his own doubts about the Dark Hour not
being over. As a matter of fact, he was ashamed to discover he almost wanted it to stay. “I
guess I’ll be sent back to the foster system.”

“Don’t say that!” Ken protested. “They wouldn’t do that, I know it!”
“Then, what is there to be done?” Akechi snapped. “They don’t trust me, and if they do then
they shouldn’t, and I can’t live in those dorms for the rest of my life.”
Ken didn’t say anything. “I don’t want to go back to my old dorms,” he said. “It didn’t have a
dog. Or a robot. Or friends.”
Their conversation petered out into solemn silence.
“I don’t want you to leave,” Ken said.
“When has anyone cared about what we wanted?”

That evening, everybody put on a happy face. Logically, this was a happy occasion. There
was one less threat to humanity. Although this would hardly cause world peace, the Lost
could at least return to their families as their original selves.
Mitsuru had an extremely expensive looking sushi tray delivered to the dormitory. She set it
on the coffee table in the lounge.
“Man, these slices are huge!” Junpei said, a greedy smile spreading across his face. “Can we
eat? I’m starving.”
Shinjiro wore a small smile. “It’s kind of nice to not have to make the meal for once.”
“We all deserve a treat,” Mitsuru said.
“Speaking of all of us,” Ken said, looking around. “Where are Aigis and Ikutsuki-san?”
“He took her to the lab for a tune up,” Fuuka said. “Apparently, she suffered an injury during
battle that’s impeding some of her processing systems.”
“Oh, maybe that’s why she’s been acting so strange,” Junpei said. “With all of that victory
cheer and stuff.”
“Or, maybe,” Akechi said, “she was just happy to have a ten-year conflict resolved.”
Something about this situation continued to feel horribly wrong, and nausea churned in his
stomach. But everyone was so happy, and while incompetent and inept and possibly behind
the cameras in their rooms, Ikutsuki had yet to be overtly malicious.
“It wouldn’t be surprising if she started having emotions of her own,” Mitsuru agreed. “She
can summon a persona, after all.”
“True,” Junpei said. “Alright, don’t tell her I said that she was acting strange. Can we eat
now?”

“Dig in,” Akihiko said, already grabbing a piece of sushi off the tray. Junpei squawked
indignantly before he raced to grab his own portion of food.
A car drove up to the front of the dorms, and Akechi heard its door opening and closing.
MItsuru stood up from the couch.
“That must be my father,” she said.
Sure enough, Kirijo Takeharu and two other suited men entered the dorms.
“We’ve been waiting for you,” Mitsuru said as she approached her father.
Kirijo cast his eyes around the room, as if taking a small head count of his own. His attention
turned fully to Mitsuru. “So, it’s finally over?”
Mitsuru’s eyes welled up with tears, and she lightly bruised them aside. “Yes.”
Unexpectedly and without warning, Kirijo pulled Mitsuru into a tight hug. Mitsuru tensed in
alarm, but she quickly relaxed and returned the embrace.
“I’m so proud of you,” Takeharu murmured.
“Thank you,” Mitsuru whispered back, her voice wet.
They pulled away quickly, but Akechi thought the image might forever stay burned into his
mind. He never imagined fathers were allowed to show that level of affection. Not outside of
fiction.
Kirijo returned his gaze to the group. “Congratulations, everyone. This truly is a momentous
occasion. You might not get the recognition you deserve, but please know that you have my
utmost gratitude.”
Kirijo walked up to Yukari and shook her hand. “I owe you special thanks,” he said, “For
lending us your power to the very end.”
Yukari’s eyes widened. “Oh, of course. It-it was nothing.”
“Would you like some sushi, Kirijo-san?” Junpei asked, holding up a piece of nigiri to him.
Kirijo’s expression twisted into something that seemed amused. “I think I can get my own.”
“Oh, right.” Junpei chuckled. “I’ll just have to eat this one myself.”
As Junpei stuffed the food into his mouth and the casual conversation resumed. After
speaking to Minato about something, Kirijo turned to Akechi, who had been standing
somewhat off to the side.
“I’m glad to see you celebrating with the others,” Kirijo said. “You’ve done well to make it
this far.”

Akechi didn’t know what he meant. Was he saying that he was glad Akechi hadn’t locked
himself in his room? Was he glad that Akechi lent the team his power? Was he happy that
Akechi was trying to be happy? Was it all of it? Why did Kirijo look proud of him? Akechi
was nothing to be proud of.
“Thank you, sir,” Akechi said, because it was the only thing he could remotely think of to
say.
As a matter of fact, everything about this situation was growing more and more wrong as it
progressed. Ikutsuki was the one who pushed them to kill all the shadows, but he wasn’t there
to celebrate. Nobody was turning him or Ken out of the dorms, and discussion of doing so
hadn’t even begun. Everyone was still treating Akechi nicely, even though his use had run
out, and Kirijo looked proud of him.
Akechi almost felt good, but Akechi never felt good. Whenever things looked like they might
be going remotely well for Akechi, things always went to shit, and Akechi couldn’t pretend
that it wasn’t going to be the same now–
“Hey, Akechi,” Junpei said. “You haven’t eaten anything yet. Don’t you want to celebrate?”
Akechi smiled. “Of course,” he said, curling his hands into fists to hide the trembling. Junpei
began loading Akechi’s plate with far too much sushi and thrust it into Akechi’s hands.
Akechi forced himself to eat it, but it hardly tasted like anything at all.
Hanged Man Arcana: Rank 5

“Hey, guys, I have an idea,” Junpei said, after everyone was done eating. Ikutsuki and Aigis
still hadn’t returned. It was twenty minutes until midnight. “We should take a picture.”
Junpei pulled a camera from his pocket.
“Didn’t you have that with you last night?” Akechi asked. He vaguely remembered seeing
Junpei hold a camera while fighting the final shadow.
“Yeah, well, I kind of forgot that they didn’t work during the Dark Hour.” Junpei rubbed the
back of his neck. “But hey! We’re all celebrating now, so we should have a picture to
commemorate the occasion, right?”
“Without Aigis or Ikutsuki-san?” Ken asked doubtfully.
“Well, we can take another one later,” Junpei said. “But she might not be back all night at this
rate. I want something to celebrate these past few days.”
“You brought a camera into battle?” Akihiko said.
“It was our final battle!” Junpei protested. “Are we taking this photo or not?”

“Let’s do it,” Mitsuru said. She stood up as Junpei handed the camera to one of the men in
suits. “Father, you have to be in it too.”
“Very well,” Kirijo said.
“Um, could you take our picture?” Junpei asked the man.
“I feel like such a tourist,” Yukari sighed as they posed in front of the dormitory doors. “But a
picture would be nice.”
Akechi was good at pictures; he had practiced a winning smile for newspapers and television
alike. He could do this.
It was hard to wear a winning smile when Koromaru jumped and caused Junpei to topple
backwards into the rest of the group just as the picture was taken. Akechi refused to look at
the finished product when the camera was returned to Junpei. He was sure that his expression
was furious.
“I like it when pictures don’t go quite as planned,” Fuuka said as they returned to their seats.
“It gives them character.”
Akechi strongly disagreed.
Three minutes until midnight.
“Come on guys,” Junpei said as he stuffed some sushi into his mouth. “Are none of you
going to eat more?”
“I’m stuffed,” Yukari said. “I can’t believe that you’re managing to eat more yourself.”
“Yeah, well, I’m a growing boy, I guess. Akihiko? Shinjiro?”
Two minutes until midnight.
“Hell no,” Shinjiro said. “And don’t you even think about feeding it to Koromaru. You’ll
make him sick.”
Koromaru whimpered.
“It was quite good, though, Mitsuru-senpai,” Fuuka said. “Thank you.”
“It was my pleasure.”
Junpei sighed. “What’s taking Ikutsuki-san so long? Surely the damage wasn’t that bad?”
The seconds hand ticked hauntingly. Forty-five seconds until midnight. Forty-four. Fortythree.
Junpei fished his phone from his pocket, likely to see if Ikutsuki had texted him. “It’s almost
midnight…”

Twenty-five. Twenty-four. Twenty-three…
“Maybe we should go to bed,” Ken said after a brief pause. “We still have school tomorrow,
you know.”
Minato was staring at the clock with the same intensity as Akechi.
Three seconds. Two seconds. One second–
The lights went out. The world went silent. The two nameless men transmogrified into
coffins. Everything was bathed in green.
Fuck.
“The hell…?!” Junpei snapped. “I thought we got rid of the Dark Hour!”
“I knew something wasn’t right,” Shinjiro said. Akihiko nodded.
“What’s going on?” Yukari asked.
“I-I don’t know,” Mitsuru said.
Minato had already gotten to his feet, and Akechi moved to punch the wall to his right.
Shinjiro grabbed his arm right before he did so.
“Where’s Ikutsuki?” Kirijo asked, leaping to his feet. “Well…?! He has Aigis with him,
doesn’t he?”
Ikutsuki. Goddamn Ikutsuki.
“I knew it,” Akechi muttered. Rage churned inside of him, and he directed all of it at himself.
“I’m such a fool.”
“Mitsuru…” Akihiko said. Bells were ringing in the distance.
“Everyone, prepare for battle,” Mitsuru said after a brief moment of hesitation.
“Um, but what are we fighting?” Fuuka asked.
“Isn’t it obvious?” Akechi snarled as he spun toward the others. “We’ve been duped. Ikutsuki
lied to us.”
“He could have just been wrong,” Ken said.
“He would be here with us if he was just wrong!” Akechi shouted. “He’s planned something,
and we fell right for his trap.”
“Enough,” Minato said. “We can’t fight right now.”
“He’s right,” Shinjiro said. “Save the arguing for later. We need to get to Tartarus.”

Ikutsuki and Aigis stood in front of Tartarus. Aigis’ face was completely expressionless as
Ikutsuki wore a triumphant smile.
“Aigis?” Fuuka asked, her voice wavering. “Why are you here?”
Aigis didn’t say anything.
“Isn’t it obvious?” Ikutsuki asked. “She’s here to fulfill her role–as a weapon.”
“What?” Yukari asked. Akechi lunged toward Ikutsuki, but Shinjiro held him back. Ikutsuki
gave Akechi a disdainful glance.
“I don’t know when all of you forgot Aigis’ true nature,” he said. “She may wear the face of
a human, but she does not have a soul. She is just a machine, and machines have no feelings.”
“That’s not true!” Junpei protested. “How could you say that?!”
“Ikutsuki-san, what’s going on?!” Akihiko asked. “You said that if we defeated the twelve
shadows the Dark Hour would disappear. Was that all just a lie?!”
“You knew from the beginning, didn’t you?” Mitsuru asked, her voice hollow. “You never
intended to get rid of the Dark Hour at all.”
“How astute,” Ikutsuki said. “But I’m afraid you’re a bit too late for that.”
“How could you do this?!” Ken cried out.
“It’s amazing how gullible people can be,” Ikutsuki said. “You all hear what you want to
hear. I told you that the Dark Hour would end, and you grabbed onto it eagerly. Nothing at all
like those Strega brats, who fled at first opportunity. It was such a relief to find people with
real potential.”
“You don’t mean…” Mitsuru said. She pulled out her sword and shifted into combat stance.
“You were the one responsible for Strega’s existence?”
“I was a part of their creation, yes, but I can’t take all the credit, now can I? It’s all thanks to
you, Mitsuru,” Ikutsuki said. “The research your grandfather conducted on your DNA was
marvelously useful for creating artificial potential.”
“Why am I not surprised,” Akechi snarled.
“You wouldn’t be,” Ikutsuki said, frowning at Akechi. “With your suspicious glares and
incessant questions. But you were too powerful to let go of either. Without your timely
intervention, none of this would have been possible.”
“Shut up, will you?!” Junpei shouted. “Why did you have us defeat those shadows if it wasn’t
to end the Dark Hour?”

“The twelve shadows are a part of one whole,” Ikutsuki said. “They were destined to be
reunited. Soon, Death the almighty, will come forth to bring about the Fall…”
“Death?” Shinjiro asked. “What the hell are you talking about?”
“The end of all will free this world from despair,” Ikutsuki said. “The death of everything,
but also the beginning.”
“Wh-what are you saying?” Yukari asked. “Death doesn’t begin anything!”
“Let me kill him,” Akechi snarled, pushing against Shinjiro’s hold on his arms. “Shinjiro, let
me kill him.”
“We don’t know what we’re up against,” Shinjiro hissed. “I can’t let you get killed.”
“Ten years ago, I too, was a scientist working with the Kirijo group. The experiment went
wrong, yes, but that is not why the Dark Hour or Tartarus was formed. They were caused by
the amount of shadow’s power we had amassed, just as it was meant to. That is the entire
reason your grandfather gathered shadows, to bring about the fall.”
“What are you saying?” Mitsuru asked. “That my grandfather wanted to end the world?”
“Look at this world,” Ikutsuki said. “It’s filled with people, but it has become a hollow void.
Can anyone really happily exist in such a meaningless place? It is said a prince will
orchestrate the fall, and that prince will become the King of the new world. Your grandfather
might have failed, but I have not. I will become the ruler of our new creation!”
Even Maruki wasn’t this overt.
“Man, that’s so evil…” Junpei said.
“How will your world be any better?!” Akechi shouted. He gave up on wasting his energy
fighting Shinjiro. “Humanity is the problem! No matter how many times you change things;
it won’t change the fact that you’re a corrupt asshole that will continue to poison the world!”
“In the new world, everyone will be like the Lost,” Ikutsuki said. “Free of their corrupt
desires. Isn’t that what we want? A world free of evil?”
“That world isn’t free at all!” Yukari protested.
Ikutsuki sighed. “I apologize for deceiving you, but it was all for your sake as well. If only
you wait a little while longer, you too will find salvation.”
This was the same bullshit that Maruki stood for, and Akechi hated it. Salvation at the cost of
freedom? How could any one man decide what was good for the entirety of humanity?
“You call that salvation?” Fuuka asked.
“Akechi-kun, you told us about a world where I failed. A world filled with distorted desires,”
Ikutsuki said. “In my world, there will be none of that. Don’t you understand? This is the

only way to circumvent the future waiting for you! The wasted death you will face!”
Akechi might as well have been punched in the gut. Wasted death. That was all it was to
Ikutsuki. A waste.
Maybe he was right. It was certainly avoidable. But Akechi had been too stubborn, too
cowardly. Too afraid to face a future he had never prepared for.
“That’s not true!” Shinjiro shouted. “Nothing is set in stone. Anyone could figure that out.”
“I have one question for you,” Yukari said.
“Yes?” Ikutsuki asked.
“That video… my father… was that fake too?!”
“The video was real, I assure you,” Ikutsuki said. His grin grew wider. Was he seriously
enjoying their torment? “Although, I had to make a few modifications.”
“You doctored it?!” Fuuka cried.
“I corrected it,” Ikutsuki said. “Your father was a superb scientist. Even I had to respect his
work. He focused on the more important questions. But he was too weak to see the power at
his fingertips.”
“You–you let me believe that he was at fault for this,” Yukari whispered. “Do you mean to
say he died trying to stop your twisted plans?”
Akechi knew it.
“He left that recording at the cost of his own life!” Mitsuru said indignantly.
“I suppose,” Ikutsuki said. “But it did prove rather useful in the end, especially when all of
you started having private meetings. I’m sure he’s happy.”
“You bastard!” Yukari screamed. “You used both me and my father!”
“Used is such an ugly word,” Ikutsuki said. “If it was for the sake of the world, how could it
be wrong?”
Akechi hated this. He hated people who refused to see their own faults, who pretended the
evil within them was righteous. At least Akechi had the self-awareness to know that he was a
horrible person. Nobody needed to teach him that.
Maybe that made him worse.
“Our goal is to correct the mistakes of the past,” Mitsuru said, pulling out her evoker. “We
intend to do just that.”

Yukari nodded, her lip trembling. She pulled out her evoker as well and stood by Mitsuru’s
side.
“W-wait,” Junpei said, glancing between Yukari, Mitsuru and Akechi. “Are we seriously
going to…”
“What choice do we have?” Akihiko asked, looking reluctant himself.
“How disappointing,” Ikutsuki sighed. “After everything we’ve been through together, you
would still fight against this glorious rebirth. But I suppose you are just children. Aigis!
Prepare them to be sacrificed!”
Aigis hesitated, but her face remained expressionless. “Understood,” she said in a monotone
voice.
Aigis leapt in front of the group.
“Come on, Ai-chan.” Junpei laughed nervously as he pulled out his evoker and took a few
steps backwards. “You don’t really want to hurt us, do you? You should kick Ikutsuki’s ass
instead?”
Aigis stepped toward Junpei.
“Aigis?” Junpei asked. “Are you even in there?”
“...You must be sacrificed.”
Shinjiro finally let go of Akechi. Akechi ignored Aigis completely as he charged toward
Ikutsuki, his sword raised. He was the cause of all of this. He was the bastard who had
deceived them all, even fooling Akechi. How could Akechi be so reckless? How come small
gestures of kindness were enough to win him over?
Ikutsuki needed to die. Akechi was more than happy to “deliver” him.
Akechi was about a meter away from Ikutsuki when he heard Aigis fire the guns attached to
her arms in his direction. He was running too quickly to change his trajectory, but Ken
tackled him to the ground. Grenades flew over their heads. They exploded to their right in a
burst of heat.
Akechi pushed Ken off of him and got back to his feet. Ken quickly stood up as Shinjiro
charged at Aigis. He swung his axe upwards. Aigis dodged out of the way with deadly
precision.
“Persona!”
Her persona launched a barrage of physical attacks. Akechi managed to dodge, but Mitsuru,
Ken, and Shinjiro all collapsed face first into the pavement. Minato barked out a frantic order
to Yukari to heal them.

Yukari barely pulled her evoker out before Aigis shot her and Minato down at the same time.
Akechi started sprinting back in Ikutsuki’s direction. He dropped his saber with a clatter and
fumbled with his evoker. Aigis shot at his hands, and Akechi dropped it. Swearing, Akechi
rolled out of the way of Aigis’ strike.
“Hereward!”
It took all of his might to summon his persona without the evoker, but he made it count. He
blasted Aigis and Ikutsuki out of the way. Instantly, his head swam with dizziness. He
reached into his pockets, trying to find something that would restore his energy.
Aigis appeared in his peripheral vision. She held Shinjiro’s axe and swung it toward him–

“What is going on here?!”
Akechi opened his eyes. His lungs were having trouble sucking in air, and his arms were
spread out. He was suspended on some sort of height–
The others were chained to crosses. Akechi was as well. What sort of symbolic bullshit was
this? Ikutsuki could have chained them in any way he’d like, and he’d chosen one of the least
comfortable methods possible. Akechi tried to pull his hands free, but his wrists stayed firmly
in place.
And were they on top of Tartarus? How had Ikutsuki managed to get them all up there?
Kirijo was not chained to a cross. Instead, Aigis held him back as Kirijo glared at Ikutsuki
like he was death himself.
“What the hell is going on?” Junpei asked, waking up. He yanked against his chains, and they
rattled hauntingly. “What the hell is this?!”
“What happened?” Yukari asked. Ikutsuki seemed to have healed their injuries. Maybe this
Death required “pure” sacrifices.
“Father!” Mitsuru cried.
Kirijo struggled against Aigis’ hold on him. “What is the meaning of this, Ikutsuki?!”
Ikutsuki gave Kirijo an impatient look. “Isn’t it obvious? They’re sacrifices for the fall. The
arrangements are complete. Soon, the prophecy will be fulfilled.”
“What?!” Akihiko demanded, struggling against his bonds.
“You son of a–” Junpei was panicking, shifting and turning in place with a vengeance. “I’m
going to rip your head off!”
Minato’s expression was closed off. He stared at Ikutsuki with empty eyes. Had he seriously
already accepted his death? That quickly?

Aigis raised one of her arms and cocked a gun against Kirijo’s head. Mitsuru let out a
strangled gasp.
“You traitor,” Kirijo snarled at Ikutsuki. “What are you thinking?!”
“Haven’t I explained myself enough?” Ikutsuki asked. “You know, your father was so
unlucky to have a son who couldn’t even understand his vision. You must have been an
incredible disappointment.”
Kirijo’s face twitched, but it returned to firm hatred. “My father was wrong. Death as a
deliverance… that’s not an ideology anyone should embrace.”
Akechi grit his teeth, but nothing he could say in this situation would change anything. He
couldn’t summon his persona; he still felt weak and dizzy from his most recent summoning.
He could accidentally kill himself if he did anything intense, and all of his abilities were too
intense for his current state.
“You are a fool,” Ikutsuki said. “And a nuisance. Aigis!”
“Aigis, no!” Mitsuru screamed. “Please! If you can hear me, don’t do it! I beg of you!”
Aigis didn’t move. A flicker of hesitance showed on her face.
“What are you doing, Aigis?” Ikutsuki demanded.
Aigis’s arm fell to her side. “I… I don’t…”
Ikutsuki pulled his own gun from the inside of his jacket. “Ten years… I have waited ten
years for this! I’m not your father. I won’t make any exceptions!”
“You monster,” Takeharu snarled. “Get the hell away from my daughter!”
Takeharu ripped himself free from Aigis’s grasp. He yanked a gun from his own jacket and
aimed. The following gunshots echoed in Akechi’s ears as both of them fired at each other.
Takeharu fell to the floor. Ikutsuki clutched onto his jacket, which was darkening with blood.
Mitsuru’s scream was so loud that Akechi could hardly hear Ikutsuki demand that they be
sacrificed. He could barely think as Aigis aimed her arms at them. Takeharu’s skin was
paling. He was dying.
And then the chains around his wrists broke with a shatter that jolted Akechi back to reality.
Aigis had somehow managed to aim so perfectly that everyone in SEES was freed from their
bonds. Akechi collapsed to the ground on all fours, miraculously not breaking his wrists.
“What the…” Akihiko gasped.
“You defective machine!” Ikutsuki snarled.

“You are right, Junpei,” Aigis told Junpei. She turned toward Ikutsuki and aimed toward him.
“He is our enemy.”
Ikutsuki stumbled backwards, swaying from the blood loss. Akechi could barely keep his
vision from blurring. From exhaustion or rage. It didn’t matter which.
“I’ll do it myself!” Ikutsuki pulled a remote from his pocket, but Koromaru leapt into the air
and took it from his hands with his teeth.
“Good boy Koro-chan!” Fuuka exclaimed.
Mitsuru had already collapsed by her father’s side, rolling him over on his back. Akechi’s
ears were ringing.
“You don’t get it, do you?” Ikutsuki snarled. His breathing was getting harsher. “Akechi,
don’t you understand? After everything you’ve been through in this reality and the last? The
world will only fester over time! Only its destruction will bring about salvation!”
Akechi hated Ikutsuki. He hated him with every fiber of his being. He was a liar, a snake, and
now, a murderer.
But on that final point, he was right. The world did fester. And the only way to stop the
corruption would be to destroy it entirely.

Thou art I… and I am thou
The connection that you have nurtured has been transformed

Thy bond shall be the compass of redemption
and break the yoke of thy heart

The power of the Devil Arcana has been set free
Granting thee ultimate power

Akechi did not know what just happened. He didn’t care. He just wanted Ikutsuki to die.
“I was so close,” Ikutsuki sighed.
With a guttural scream, Akechi lunged toward Ikutsuki. Ikutsuki took another step backwards
and toppled off the side of Tartarus. Fuuka and Junpei let out strangled gasps.

Shinjiro grabbed Akechi’s arm before Akechi accidentally followed him over the edge.
Akechi skidded to a halt, breathing heavily. He yanked his arm free of Shinjiro’s grasp.
“Father?” Mitsuru asked. She pressed her trembling fingers against Takeharu's neck, and her
face fell. She grabbed her fathers shoulders and shook them. “Father, please! You can’t leave
me!”
Takeharu's lifeless eyes didn't react.
“Fuck,” Shinjiro muttered as Mitsuru began sobbing.
Yukari crouched to the ground, covering her face with her hands. “How did it come to this?”
she whispered.
Ken was shaking, tears rolling down his cheeks. Akihiko pulled him into a hug. Minato’s
eyes hadn’t left the spot where Ikutsuki once stood.
Without your timely intervention, none of this would have been possible.
Akechi collapsed to his knees; his legs couldn’t carry him anymore. With another rage-filled
scream, he punched the ground.
Fresh pain burst in his knuckles. Akechi stared at the blood that started dripping from them
dispassionately. How could Ikutsuki do this? How could Akechi let this happen?
“My father… he promised he would atone for endangering our generation, even if it cost him
his life.” Mitsuru sobbed. “But I… I wanted him to live. I became a persona user to protect
him…”
Akechi grabbed his hair and screamed.
Hanged Man Arcana: Rank 6

Chapter End Notes

hi...
y'all Did say ikutsuki was acting sus so.... sorry...
On the bright side! Nope, wait, the bright side is spoilers.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 31: November 5–9, 2009
Chapter Summary

Hope y'all are having a good holiday season because
This chapter escalated quickly O_O

Chapter Notes

tw: ptsd, referenced death, blood and injury, gun, implied/referenced child abuse,
reference to self harm

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“The chairman’s room has been cleared out,” Fuuka said quietly the next day.
Akihiko had called them all to the command room after school, which had been absolutely
dismal. Ken and Akechi barely said anything. Ken looked like he might cry if he opened his
mouth, and Akechi didn’t trust himself not to burst into furious swearing if he did so. Emiko
was left desperately confused.
“What’s going on, you jerks?” she asked.
Akechi and Ken glanced at each other.
“It’s not…” Ken closed his mouth again.
“I talk to you when something’s wrong!” Emiko said. “Why are you giving me the silent
treatment?”
Akechi and Ken didn’t say anything. They weren’t good at conversations at the best of times.
Especially not when the memories of the night before were still repeating over and over again
inside Akechi’s head. A nonstop record.
Ikutsuki’s betrayal. Takeharu’s death. Gunshots. Over and over.
Emiko stormed off, looking extremely hurt. Akechi eventually mustered the self-control to
speak to her during lunch.
“Emiko-kun,” he said in a strangled voice. “It’s… someone we know…” How did he say this
without traumatizing Emiko for life? Or without her telling the teacher. “You can’t tell

anyone…”
“You can trust me,” Emiko said, although her expression was deeply worried. She didn’t look
angry anymore, at least. “You can tell me.”
Akechi took a deep breath and tried to regain control over his emotions. “It’s… a friend of
ours was killed by someone we know the other day. He’s been arrested. But, we, we’re
reeling.”
Emiko stared at her lap, looking stunned. “Oh,” she said quietly. “I’m sorry.”
“It wasn’t your fault.”
“I shouldn’t have called you jerks.” Tears filled Emiko’s eyes. “I’m such a terrible person.”
Comforting Emiko was oddly calming. It helped Akechi feel like he had some semblance of
control over this situation. He didn’t hate Emiko. He hated Ikutsuki with everything he had,
but Ikutsuki was dead.
Akechi wished he had been the one to kill him.
Now, they were in the command room, discussing their next steps. As if they actually had
any.
Minato stood in the corner, his arms crossed. His expression glinted, but he didn’t say
anything. Nobody wanted to say much of anything.
“I can’t believe all of this,” Yukari said.
“Well, believe it,” Akechi snapped.
They fell back into subdued silence. Junpei looked up at the group. “So, um, Mitsuru-senpai’s
gone, huh.”
“She’s an only child, so she has to settle a lot of matters,” Akihiko explained. “The funeral
for one, as well as the family business. She’ll likely be gone for about a week.”
“Poor Mitsuru-senpai,” Fuuka said in a hushed tone.
“What are we going to do now?” Junpei asked. “What about Chidori?”
“They haven’t said anything about her yet,” Akihiko said. “She’s probably not on their list of
priorities all things considered, but we haven’t heard much of anything from them.”
“Don’t worry too much about your girlfriend,” Shinjiro snapped. “It’s not like Strega’s going
to try to kill her or anything.”
“I hope Aigis is okay,” Fuuka said.

“So are we meant to wait for them to get their acts together?” Junpei asked indignantly.
“What about us? What are we meant to do while they’re running around like chickens with
their heads cut off?”
“Junpei,” Yukari whispered half-heartedly.
“Mitsuru’s meeting with the board of directors,” Akihiko explained. “That might explain the
delay.”
“After all this, are we seriously going to be listening to what the Kirijo group has to say?”
Akechi demanded.
“What are we supposed to do?” Ken asked. “We don’t know anything about ending the Dark
Hour.”
“Neither do they!” Akechi jumped to his feet. “As a matter of fact, they seem to know more
about this fall than anything else! I refuse to play in their hands again!”
“We’re not going to be deceived again–” Akihiko said.
Akechi rolled his eyes and turned around. “I’m not listening to this,” he muttered. He was not
going to listen to this group convince themselves that the same thing won’t come of doing the
exact same things.
“Akechi-kun!” Yukari protested as Akechi stormed out the door.
Akechi slammed it behind him too.

Akechi made it to the park and began running with a vengeance. It was his first time running
since Tsuyoshi had gotten him kidnapped, and Akechi refused to remember Tsuyoshi’s arm
around his shoulders. Refused to think about stone walls and dark closets.
Ikutsuki comforted him after he escaped. Ikutsuki fed him.
Akechi heard Shinjiro call after him.
“Goro, wait!”
Akechi didn’t wait. He ran faster. But no matter how far he ran, he could still hear Shinjiro’s
steady steps run behind him.
Shinjiro’s coughing was getting worse, though. This much exercise might not be good for
him.
Akechi reluctantly slowed to a stop and turned around. Shinjiro didn’t look that winded, but
he paused to have a coughing fit that made Akechi’s lungs feel rattled.
“Took you long enough,” Shinjiro said. “Listen, Goro, we’re all upset–”

“Upset?” Akechi asked. He laughed bitterly. “You might be upset. Upset does not even begin
to cover how I feel.”
“Well, then, help me,” Shinjiro said. “How do you feel? Because we have enough going on
than to be dealing with another one of your tantrums.”
“Tantrums?” Akechi asked, “Is that really how you see it?”
“Yes.” Shinjiro crossed his arms. “Some are more justifiable than others. This one is pretty
justifiable, but we don’t have time for it, okay? The team’s lost enough as it is. So spit out
what’s bothering you.”
“What do you think?” Akechi asked. “Ikutsuki betrayed us! Kirijo is dead! What else could
be bothering me?!”
“It’s more than just that,” Shinjiro said.
“Well, you’re wrong.” Akechi began to walk away furiously. “Leave me alone.”
“No.” Shinjiro followed him. “You can’t keep bottling up shit like this.”
“Oh, and you don’t do this all the time,” Akechi said sarcastically. “The last time I took your
advice, I kept quiet about my very strong suspicions that the Dark Hour wasn’t over. And
look where it’s gotten us.”
“Are you blaming me for this?” Shinjiro asked, his voice growing more hostile.
“I’m just saying, maybe if I had taken the opportunity to tell everyone–”
“You agreed to stay quiet too,” Shinjiro said. “That wasn’t just my idea.”
“I never said it was,” Akechi snapped. “But it was your advice to me nonetheless. And now
Kirijo is dead.”
“You don’t know that saying anything would have prevented it.”
“Don’t you think I know that?!” Akechi screamed. He grabbed Shinjiro by the scruff of his
jacket, although he had no leverage to lift him off the ground. “Yesterday doesn’t matter!
Two days ago doesn’t matter! It all would have ended the same!”
Shinjiro’s harsh expression grew softer around the edges. “Yeah? What’s the difference?”
“Everything!” Akechi couldn’t breathe, and he grabbed all the more tightly to Shinjiro’s
jacket. “I don’t trust anyone, Shinjiro! Nobody! All adults are scum! And I knew Ikutsuki had
some ulterior motive, some other reason for encouraging us!”
“Then, you were ahead of most of us–”
“And then I changed my mind!” Akechi could barely breathe. “Somehow, I manage to get
manipulated again and again, without even realizing it happened! Shido manipulated me with

petty words of praise; Ikutsuki gained my trust through basic acts of kindness! How do I keep
falling for the same traps?”
Akechi was shaking. “It isn’t the same,” Shinjiro said. “You can’t blame yourself.”
“I damn well can!” Akechi’s voice felt raw. “I should have known better! I did know better.
And somehow, I gave him the benefit of the doubt time and time again! And now one of the
only good adults I have ever seen in this wretched world is gone because of it!”
And there it was. The terrifying truth.
Takeharu was good. As good as any human being with needs and desires could be, at any
rate. He put himself at risk to save his daughter. He thanked the others for ending the Dark
Hour. He apologized for putting them at risk.
He died. He died in an attempt to save them. Maybe he did it because he didn’t want the fall
to happen. Maybe he only saw them as tools.
It didn’t feel that way. Akechi didn’t see an adult protecting his own selfish motives. He saw
a hero on the television he watched as a child. The sort of hero he once wanted to become.
The sort of hero Akira seemed to believe existed, even after everything he had seen.
Takeharu died for it.
“Everyone around me dies,” Akechi whispered hoarsely. His hold on Shinjiro’s jacket
loosened. “I either kill them, or my stupidity gets them killed, or I curse them with my
presence–”
“It’s not your fault–”
“Shut up!” Akechi inhaled sharply. “Just shut the hell up for once in your life!”
Shinjiro tentatively placed his hand on Akechi’s head. The touch was warm and
nonthreatening, and Akechi’s entire body trembled. He accidentally leaned forward, and his
forehead rested against Shinjiro’s chest.
Akechi didn’t move. Instead, to his utmost horror, tears began filling his eyes. He inhaled
deeply, trying to stop them from spilling over and tarnishing his reputation forever.
“He said he couldn’t have done it without me,” Akechi whispered. “Is that true? I defeated
that shadow when it nearly killed Yukari, Minato, and Junpei. Was my intervention really
what allowed Ikutsuki to do this? Maybe, in my timeline, they died, and someone found a
different way to end the Dark Hour--”
“It’s not your fault,” Shinjiro interrupted. “How many times am I going to need to say that to
get it through your thick skull? You decided to do the right thing and save the others. And we
all thought killing those shadows would fix things.”
“I was too powerful to let go of.” Ikutsuki’s words kept echoing in Akechi’s mind.

“Hey,” Shinjiro snapped. “That’s Ikutsuki talking. Not you.”
“But it always turns out to be true.” Akechi shuddered. “Why the hell did I believe him?”
“I don’t know about you, but trusting people is a good thing. It’s Ikutsuki’s fault that he
turned out to be an asshole.”
“I should have known better,” Akechi said. His vision was blurry, and a single tear landed on
the pavement. “I should have known.”
“It’s too late now,” Shinjiro said gruffly. “There’s no point in dwelling on the past. You can
only look at the future and do better.”
Akechi pushed himself away from Shinjiro. The touch on his head disappeared, and he
pretended he couldn’t still feel the phantom warmth where it once was.
“You’re right,” Akechi said. “I’ll do better.”
“But, Goro?” Shinjiro wore a frown on his face as Akechi finally looked at him. “Don’t stop
trusting people. It’s a really shitty way to live.”
“I don’t think I can do that,” Akechi said. “Not after everything.”
Shinjiro looked disappointed, but Akechi didn’t rescind his answer. “Well, I can’t tell you
what to feel,” he said. He turned around and looked up at the sky. It was so bright blue that it
felt like it was mocking Akechi. “Would mild arson make you feel better?”
“What?”
“We can burn everything Ikutsuki ever gave us,” Shinjiro said.
Akechi cracked a small smile.
Moon Arcana: Rank 8

“Um, what is this?” Akihiko asked as he stared at their massive bonfire on the roof. Akechi
dumped the suitcase Ikutsuki had given him and his phone into it. They agreed their evokers
were too expensive to burn.
“We’re burning everything Ikutsuki gave to us,” Shinjiro said. “Want in?”
Akihiko’s eyes landed on Akechi’s phone. “Is… is that your phone?”
“What of it?” Akechi snapped.
Akihiko sighed. “I miss Mitsuru,” he said, massaging his eyes. “Just… buy yourself a new
one, I guess.”

A few minutes later, Akihiko came back up with his own belongings and a bag of
marshmallows.

“Hey, Chidori,” Junpei said, sitting down at the seat next to her hospital bed. “How are you
doing?”
Chidori didn’t say anything. Junpei was hit with a sudden realization.
“You heard about Jin and Takaya, huh?” he asked. Chidori’s expression became more sullen.
“I’m sorry. It wasn’t like they weren’t strong or anything! They probably would’ve won if
Akechi hadn’t taken Takaya’s revolver!”
He wasn’t actually sorry. It was hard to feel bad for those jerks. But Chidori cared about
them, and Junpei knew what loss felt like. He hadn’t known Takeharu for long, but… damn.
It still hurt to think about.
“Takaya’s revolver?” Chidori asked, looking alarmed.
Shit. Why was Junpei always such an idiot? He hadn’t even thought about the words leaving
his mouth; his only concern was making Chidori feel better about Takaya’s fighting skills!
Well, Takaya was gone. There wasn’t much Chidori could do with that information, was
there?
“Um, nothing!” Junpei said, his voice raising in pitch. “Just, um, something that happened in
the battle. It doesn’t matter now.”
Chidori’s expression was confused, but she didn’t pursue the issue. As a matter of fact, she
returned to her grim silence.
“Um…” Junpei was terrible at guessing what other people were feeling. “Is something the
matter?”
Chidori didn’t look up from her lap. “I’m scared, Junpei,” she said. Her voice shook. “Your
visits used to be fun, but now… it hurts.”
Junpei jumped to his feet. “What hurts?” he asked. “I can call a doctor, maybe it’s a health
issue–”
“Not like that,” Chidori snapped. “Junpei, what will you be doing in two years?”
“Two years?” Where did these questions keep coming from? “Um, I guess I haven’t really
thought about it. What about you?”
Chidori didn’t say anything, and Junpei felt like an idiot. If Shinjiro-senpai was probably
going to die within two years, there was no reason to think that Chidori would make it even
that long.

The thought scared Junpei, and he hastily tried to change the subject.
“Um, you know, maybe after everything cools down, I could take you to see a movie,” Junpei
said. “There’s this new one Yukari mentioned, about a girl who falls in love with this guy
who, um, well, it’s spoilers.”
Yukari had returned from going to the movies with her friends in a tearful state. Apparently,
the male lead of the movie had a heart disease, and he died at the end. It wasn’t exactly a
good “change of subject” material.
“Oh, you’ve stopped cutting yourself.” Junpei was so bad at this. “That’s good, you have
beautiful hands–”
And then Chidori shouted at him and kicked him out. Junpei wasn’t really sure where he
went wrong, but apparently his mere presence was hurting her.
Junpei had no idea what was going on, but it was probably Junpei’s fault. Or maybe it was
Strega’s. He didn’t know.

Sleep had gone from difficult to hellish. Takeharu had joined his mother in haunting him, and
Akira’s only appearances involved his corpse. And on the rare occasion Akechi had a good
dream thrown into the mix, it was ruined by some unexpected twist.
Still, sleep was vital to having a functional body. Akechi lay down in his bed and closed his
eyes tightly. Nobody was going to kidnap him. Nobody was going to tie him up on some
metal cross. His window was locked. His door was locked. Nobody was going to get to him.
Sleep couldn’t hurt him. Sleep couldn’t…
What followed involved bright blue skies and fields filled with flowers. Gentle hands grasped
his own, and Akechi could hear a lullaby in the back of his mind. It was familiar, like
something he had always known but somehow forgot at the same time.
Akechi woke up nonetheless. It was one of his most pleasant dreams to date, and he could
barely remember a single thing. What had caused him to wake up so suddenly anyway?
Muffled footsteps echoed outside of Akechi’s door. Akechi froze. This wasn’t the first time
that someone had gone to their room at an absurdly late hour. It still caused tension to buzz
within Akechi’s entire body as he waited for the sound of a door opening and closing to
finally come.
None ever did. As a matter of fact, the footsteps stopped right in front of Akechi’s door. A
quiet knock came from the other side of the wood.
Akechi took a deep breath. Someone probably just needed something from him.
“Who is it?” Akechi asked. His voice wasn’t remotely groggy. He sat up in his bed as he
waited for a response.

None came.
This was certainly out of the ordinary. It was most likely an intruder, but Shinjiro wanted him
to practice looking on the bright side even in the face of inescapable odds. Akechi respected
Shinjiro enough to at least pretend he was feeling optimistic.
Maybe one of SEES’ members was sleep walking. Or maybe Pharos of all people had
decided to haunt someone other than Minato.
The following knock was louder. Almost like someone had kicked the door.
That was the last time Akechi followed Shinjiro’s advice. An intruder was likely outside his
door. He should call someone. Akechi looked at his desk for his phone before realizing that
he didn’t have a phone anymore. On account of burning it in a fire. Why hadn’t he replaced it
sooner?
“I’ll give you one more chance,” Akechi said, stepping closer to the door. “Who the hell are
you?”
Still no response. Akechi picked up the nearest weapon in sight, the lamp sitting on his desk.
He yanked at it to free the power chord from the wall, and he raised it above his head.
Wood shattered and scratched Akechi’s face. The door crashed directly into Akechi; He fell
backward and dropped his lamp. The lightbulb shattered at the impact.
Akechi pushed the door off him. Chidori was inside his room, wearing the white frilly dress
that she so often used to wear. She had been wearing her hospital gown for so long now that
Akechi hadn’t expected it. How had she escaped from the hospital?
Well, that was a ridiculous question. Strega had obviously intervened. Finally. So much for
them being dead.
Chidori pulled the briefcase to his evoker out from underneath Akechi’s bed. Akechi was
dizzy from the impact of the door, but he jumped on top of her just as she unlatched the case.
She shrieked in alarm, clawing at Akechi’s face. She drew blood, but he kicked the evoker
case far away from Chidori.
“Let me through!’
Chidori pushed her way past Akechi and grabbed Takaya’s gun. Akechi lifted his broken
lamp and slammed it against Chidori’s side. Chidori gasped and stumbled backwards into the
desk. It shifted violently, causing half of its contents to fall to the floor.
Chidori swayed in place, her expressions somewhat dazed. She unclicked the safety of the
gun, and Akechi seized her hands. He yanked the gun toward him as Chidori resisted.
“Let go!” Chidori shrieked.
“And let you shoot me?!” Akechi snarled. He forced the barrel of the gun to point toward
Chidori instead of him. Chidori attempted to twist the gun back, but–

One of their hands squeezed the trigger. The shot echoed throughout the entire dorm.
Akechi and Chidori froze. Chidori’s white dress was already getting stained with a deep
crimson.
Chidori let go of the gun and collapsed to the ground, clutching onto her shoulder. Akechi
secured his grip on the weapon and took a step back.
People were already entering the room, demanding to know what was going on. Akechi’s
ears were ringing, but he let Junpei push him out of the way.
“Chidori!” Junpei cried, getting to his knees next to Chidori. “What happened?”
“What is she doing here?” Akihiko demanded. “How did she get in?!”
“Here, um, take this bead,” Junpei said, pulling a small bead out of his pocket. “Oh, no, shit,
it’s not the Dark Hour, is it?” He jumped to his feet before kneeling down and applying more
pressure to Chidori’s wound. “We need bandages! And a hospital!”
“Um, on it!” Ken said, leaving the room immediately. Yukari and Fuuka entered the room
soon after.
“What on earth happened here?” Fuuka asked, staring at the disaster of a room with wide
eyes. “Chidori-san?”
“Akechi, are you alright?” Yukari asked.
Akechi nodded, lowering the gun. He knew exactly what it looked like. He took a few more
steps back.
Shinjiro walked up to him and held out his hand. “Give it.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Akechi snarled through gritted teeth. He held onto
his gun more tightly, but it didn’t hide the shaking.
“We’re not doing this right now,” Shinjiro said. “Just give me Takaya’s gun. We’ll talk about
where you got it later.”
“Takaya’s… what?” Akihiko said. “You mean Chidori didn’t take it with her?”
“He didn’t have it in that final battle,” Shinjiro said, not taking his gaze from Akechi. “Hand
it over.”
Akechi shoved the gun into Shinjiro’s hand. Shinjiro handed it to Akihiko. Akihiko sighed.
“I hate being in charge.”
Ken burst back into the room with Minato. Akechi hadn’t even noticed that Minato left, but
Minato held up his phone.

“Called the hospital,” he said. “An ambulance is coming.”
“Good,” Akihiko said.
“Ken, you have the bandages?” Junpei asked, his voice still extremely panicked. “Hurry up
and bring them here!”
Ken held three packets of band aids, a roll of gauze, and moleskin. Did he grab their entire
first aid stash? Ken dumped the first aid supplies in front of Junpei, who started fumbling
with the gauze with shaking hands. Shinjiro hurried to Junpei’s side and seized the bandages,
applying far defter first aid. Yukari pulled Akechi aside and began to disinfect some of his
minor scratches.
When the ambulance arrived, Junpei forced his way onto it alongside Akihiko. He probably
sensed that Akechi wanted to talk to him. Or maybe he just cared too deeply about Chidori to
care about anything else.
Akechi was left with a disaster zone of a bedroom at three in the morning. Those who did not
go to the hospital started assisting Akechi in the cleanup.
“At least Taiyaki’s alive,” Ken said, inspecting Taiyaki’s fish tank carefully. Although a great
deal fell off Akechi’s desk during the struggle, the fish tank managed to stay more or less
securely in place. The sheer relief Akechi felt was alarming.
“You named your goldfish Taiyaki?” Fuuka asked.
“No,” Akechi said immediately.
“A friend did,” Ken explained as he picked up a small metal car from the floor. Shinjiro reentered the room after disposing of Akechi’s broken door. “What’s this?”
“It’s a toy car,” Yukari said helpfully.
“It’s not mine,” Akechi said, bristling. He hated having so many people in his room, but he
also wanted his room to return to a tidy state. “I found it at the place Takaya and Jin dragged
me.”
“There was a toy car?” Yukari asked.
Shinjiro was frowning. “Can I have a look at that?”
Ken handed it to him, and Shinjiro inspected the toy in both hands. “This thing has seen its
fair share of damage.”
“Yes, well, the building looked like a survivor of a fire,” Akechi said. “It might have been an
old dormitory, judging by the layout of the rooms. It’s a miracle the place was still standing.”
“Huh,” Shinjiro said. He handed the car back to Akechi. “I had a toy car just like this, when I
was a little kid.”

“Maybe it’s yours,” Akechi said, shoving the car into one of his desk drawers.
“Can’t be.” Shinjiro shrugged. “I threw mine away when I was ten.”
“Huh?” Yukari asked. “Why would you do that?”
“That’s my own business,” Shinjiro snapped. He started kicking the glass shards on Akechi’s
floor into a small pile. “Does anyone here know how to reinstall doors?”
Akechi slept in the lounge for the rest of that evening. He felt horribly exposed, but it was
better than pretending to be secure in a bedroom with no door at all. At least he’d hear
someone breaking into the building.

School was the next day, so Akechi resolved to get answers out of Chidori in the afternoon.
When he arrived at the hospital, Junpei was already visiting her, ranting about some new
classmate.
“All of the girls love him,” Junpei said. “But he’s a pretty cool guy, actually. He gets along
well with Minato, which I did not expect–”
Akechi stepped inside the room and knocked on the door beside him. “Junpei,” he said. “A
word, please?”
Junpei’s face fell. He stood up and sighed. “Time to face the music.”
He stepped outside of the room, and Akechi followed, closing the door behind him. He
crossed his arms and gave Junpei a hard glare.
“Of all the people you could have told,” Akechi said. “You had to tell her?”
“It was an accident–”
“I don’t care if she forced it out of you!” Akechi glanced around and lowered his voice. This
was a hospital, after all. “She was the worst possible person you could have slipped up
around. What the hell were you thinking?”
“I was just trying to comfort her,” Junpei said. His voice was less defensive and more
remorseful. “I wasn’t thinking at all. I thought she was upset that Takaya and Jin are gone–”
“Except they clearly aren’t gone,” Akechi said. “Seeing as they broke in and freed her.”
“You don’t know that,” Junpei said weakly. “Maybe she broke out on her own.” At the sight
of Akechi’s unimpressed stare, Junpei sighed. “Forget I said that.”
“How is telling her the exact location of Takaya’s gun meant to comfort her?” Akechi asked.
“I didn’t tell her the exact location,” Junpei said. He shoved his hands into his pockets. “I just
said that you had it. She must have guessed. I mean, under your bed? Really?”

“This isn’t a novel,” Akechi snapped. “I don’t have loose floorboards.”
“I guess that’s true.” Junpei opened his mouth and shut it again. His shoulders sagged. “I
really messed up, Akechi. I’m sorry.”
“I trusted you–” Akechi stopped himself before he started spouting off some sentimental
crap. “Why didn’t you tell me you had slipped up, at least? I would’ve been more alert.”
“Like I said before,” Junpei said. “I thought Strega was dead. I didn’t realize that they had
survived that fall. I mean, did you? Unless you had another surprise visit with Takaya.”
“No.” Akechi conceded that Junpei had a point. “No, I didn’t. They should have died.”
“Guess they’re just built different.” Junpei shrugged. “I’m really sorry, Akechi.”
“What’s done is done.” It was a statement that by no means meant forgiveness, but Junpei
seemed a little cheered by it anyway.
“Did you want to talk to her?” Junpei asked. “Or did you just come to yell at me?”
“No, I did want to speak to her, actually,” Akechi said. “Or do you think she’s too delicate to
handle my presence?”
“Woah, don’t start putting words into my mouth. Go ahead. I think she wants to talk to you
anyway.”
That was always a bad sign.
Akechi rolled his eyes and entered the room. Chidori was looking at her sketchbook
extremely sullenly, and Akechi had a feeling that Junpei was a huge liar. Why would Chidori
want to speak to him anyway?
“Has Junpei left?” she asked.
Akechi stood next to the bed, not wanting to sit down. “I’m sure he’s waiting impatiently
behind the door.”
“Can you tell him to leave?”
Akechi hadn’t expected that response. “Do you want him to? You were letting him talk your
ear off earlier.”
Chidori glared at him. “I don’t owe you an explanation.”
“Not in regards to your relationship with Junpei, no,” Akechi agreed. “However, I think you
do owe me an explanation as to what occurred last night.”
Chidori said nothing.

“Did Takaya and Jin break you out?” Akechi asked. “I know you couldn’t have done it on
your own. The few hospital personnel who are aware during the Dark Hour said that their
special security system was disabled.”
“What of it?” Chidori asked. “Are you going to hunt them down?”
“We don’t know where they are or what they’re doing at any given moment,” Akechi said.
“But if they’re alive, that’s everyone’s problem.”
“How so?” Chidori asked. “You failed to end the Dark Hour. They no longer see you as a
threat.”
“We were misinformed,” Akechi said. “If you really think we’re not going to try again, you
are sorely mistaken.”
Chidori resumed her silent treatment.
“Just answer the question. Did Strega rescue you?”
“Yes.”
“And you agreed to break into my room and take Takaya’s gun back to him?”
“Takaya told me you were persistent in asking questions,” Chidori said. “But I never
imagined you would waste your time asking things you already know the answer to.”
“I just want a proper grasp on the situation,” Akechi said. “How did you get in?”
“I went through the roof,” Chidori said. “Your security is abysmal.”
That was probably the broken control panel’s fault. Everyone was so preoccupied with
getting the surveillance out from their bedrooms that they hadn’t thought that there might be
necessary surveillance keeping people out. He’d ask Fuuka if she could do anything about
their security issues.
“Why did Takaya care so much about the damn gun anyway?”
Chidori glared. “He’s had that thing for ten years, ever since we left the lab,” she said. “While
you might hate him, that doesn’t change the fact that there are memories attached to it. And
he’s comfortable using it.” Her expression mellowed. “Besides… it wasn’t just about the
gun.”
“No?”
“Takaya doesn’t need a gun to kill you,” Chidori said scathingly.
Very comforting.
“If it wasn’t about the gun, what was it about?” Akechi snapped.

“Even after I told them the location of Takaya’s weapon, Takaya and Jin… doubted my
loyalties,” Chidori said falteringly. “They wanted me to eliminate any distractions, and
Takaya thought it would be fitting if I collected his gun and…”
“You were going to kill Junpei?” Akechi asked, aghast.
“I don’t see how this is any of your business!” Chidori snapped. “Takaya told me what you
said… that I was smitten! Maybe if you hadn’t, he wouldn’t have asked me to—”
“That’s rich for someone who planned on killing the only person who remotely cares about
you last night,” Akechi said, balling his hands into fists. “And Takaya was the one who
kidnapped me!”
“And what do you have to show for it?” Chidori asked bitterly. “A few stitches? A scar? At
least you haven’t been a prisoner for months.”
Akechi could not kill her. He still had questions for her.
He took a deep breath and tried to gather his thoughts.
“Killing attachments aside… what is Strega planning?” Akechi asked, trying to keep the
nervous tension out of his voice.
“I don’t know.” Chidori shrugged. “They didn’t seem to have much of a plan when they
rescued me, and I doubt they will be coming back now that I’ve been recaptured.”
Akechi couldn’t say that he was surprised by this news.
“When you finally leave me alone, could you tell Junpei to leave too?” Chidori asked, clearly
thinking their conversation was done.
“Why don’t you just tell him yourself?” Akechi asked.
Chidori sniffed petulantly, but she averted her eyes. “I don’t want to.”
“You never have any issues voicing your opinions to me,” Akechi said. “I’m sure he’d
understand if you mentioned that oh, I don’t know, you were going to kill him.”
Chidori glared. “Just leave me alone. You’re the reason I’m back here with all of these
terrible feelings again.”
“You destroyed my bedroom!”
Chidori looked down at her lap. “Just tell Junpei to go away.”
Akechi left the hospital room. Sure enough, Junpei was waiting impatiently by the door.
“She wants you to leave,” Akechi said dispassionately. He opened his mouth to explain how
Chidori rewarded Junpei’s endless forgiveness, but for some reason, the words wouldn’t
come out.

“Oh,” Junpei said, looking disappointed. “I was kind of hoping she was done with that.”
“She’s asked you to leave before?” Akechi asked.
Junpei nodded.
“And you keep coming?!”
“Well, I want to make sure she’s doing alright, you know?” Junpei asked. “And it’s not like I
come all of the time, just on occasion. I thought a gunshot wound was a pretty good reason to
come, and she didn’t tell me to leave this time. She seemed pretty amused by my story about
Ryoji too–”
“Well, she’s done with you,” Akechi said. “Respect her boundaries or don’t. I don’t give a
damn, but know it’s probably safer to do the former.”

Akihiko and Shinjiro cornered Akechi when he finally returned to the dorms.
“I didn’t want to make a big deal out of this,” Akihiko said. His voice was strained, and it
was obvious he was holding back anger. “So it’s just Shinji and I. Why the hell did you have
Takaya’s gun?”
Akechi crossed his arms. “I’m not with Strega, if that’s what you’re asking.”
“Nobody was asking that,” Shinjiro said.
Akechi didn’t lower his guard. “I took it.”
“When?” Akihiko asked, massaging his eyes with an exhausted expression.
“October,” Akechi said.
“Was it when you were kidnapped?” Shinjiro asked.
Akechi could lie, but he wasn’t in the mood to have it blown up in his face.
“Did Ikutsuki mention a gun to you?” Akechi snapped. “Takaya’s missing gun was part of the
reason I got kidnapped in the first place.”
“So it was before that?” Akihiko asked.
“It was a few days after the full moon,” Akechi said shortly.
“And how did you manage to one, get out of the dorms, and two, steal Takaya’s precious
revolver?” Akihiko clasped his hands together and leaned forward.
“Fire escape. Dumb luck. What else do you want me to say?”

“Maybe an apology?” Akihiko said. “You aren’t allowed to leave the dorms by yourself
during Dark Hour, and you’re supposed to talk to us if, I don’t know, you steal a gun?”
“I’m not a trustworthy person,” Akechi said. “I’m sorry that you haven’t realized that yet.”
“And I’m sorry that you haven’t realized that you’re a dumbass,” Shinjiro snapped. “Last
night could have been avoided if you had talked to someone. We would have put the gun in a
safer place than underneath your bed.”
“Like in Ikutsuki’s room?” Akechi asked sarcastically.
Akihiko looked aghast. Shinjiro broke into furious coughs, and Akihiko jumped to his feet to
get him a glass of water.
“Look, Akechi,” Akihiko said after Shinjiro’s lungs calmed down. “I want to trust you, but–”
“You don’t, I get it,” Akechi snapped. “For the most part, my stupid decisions have only hurt
me. I’m not brainless enough to damage the entire group.”
But was that true? Chidori had come for Junpei. Not Akechi.
“I don’t think you’re understanding the problem here,” Shinjiro said.
“Then, explain.”
“We care about your wellbeing too, dumbass. You almost got shot last night.”
“And you have literally no way of knowing that one day your secretiveness isn’t going to
hurt all of us,” Akihiko said. “Especially when it comes to Strega.”
Akechi hated to admit it, but Akihiko was right. Akechi had been a fool.
“Fine,” Akechi said. “I will tell you about any future developments between me and Strega.
Happy?”
“Thrilled,” Shinjiro said dryly.

Chapter End Notes

I take the canon and then I break the canon with a hammer and then I try to rebuild the
canon with those pieces and now we are here.
Chidori's awesome I love Chidori
ALSO i totally forgot to do social link update last chapter T-T so here it is:
Fool (0) - Kurusu Tsuyoshi (?) - Rank 4
Empress (III) - Kirijo Mitsuru - Rank 6

Justice (VIII) - Amada Ken - Rank 9
Hermit (IX) - Sakaki Takaya - Rank 9
Strength (XI) - Yamamoto Emiko - Rank 7
Hanged Man (XII) - Kirijo Takeharu - Rank 6
Death (XIII)- Arisato Minato - Rank 6
Temperance (XIV) - Iori Junpei - Rank 4
Devil (XV) - Ikutsuki Shuji - Rank MAX
Tower (XVI) - Shido Masayoshi - Rank 3
Moon (XVIII) - Aragaki Shinjiro - Rank 8
Judgement (XX) - Velvet Room Attendants - Rank 4
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 32: November 10–13, 2009
Chapter Summary

I WANNA SEE MY LITTLE BOI
*HERE HE COMES*
I WANNA SEE MY LITTLE BOI

Chapter Notes

tw: references to death, reference to loss of free will, ptsd, grief, referenced child abuse

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Akechi could say what he wanted, but Junpei saw that Chidori was once again running out of
sketchbook space. If Chidori didn’t want to see him, that was fine. He could at least deliver a
small gift to her.
When Junpei handed her the sketchbook, Chidori gave him a strange look. She didn’t look all
that angry that Junpei had visited again.
“You’re back,” she said.
“Yeah,” Junpei said, feeling a little awkward. “Sorry. But I thought you might want another
sketchbook. Again. You go through them kind of fast.”
“I have very little other entertainment,” Chidori said, her voice slightly cold.
Junpei turned to leave, but a question came to his mind. One that had been bothering Junpei
for a while.
“Hey, Chidori,” Junpei said. “Can I ask you something?”
Chidori looked up from her new sketchbook. “What is it?”
“Why are you with Strega in the first place?”
“Why wouldn’t I be?”
“Um…” Junpei rubbed the back of his neck. “I don’t know. They kill people?”

“Everybody dies.”
“Yes, but you shouldn’t just kill people prematurely!” Junpei couldn’t understand it at all.
“They have lives, you know? People they care about!”
“That’s why attachment is weakness.” She didn’t really sound like she believed it. “Takaya
says that death is nothing to fear.”
“He sounds like a real philosopher,” Junpei said sarcastically. “I knew a guy who thought that
way once. Funnily enough, he wanted to be the only survivor of the apocalypse.”
“How hypocritical.”
“I know, right?!” Junpei inhaled sharly. “But seriously. Takaya’s an asshole. No offense.
What’s the point of living if you don’t have any friends?”
“What’s the point of living if you spend your entire life fearing death?”
“I feel like I can have friends and not fear death,” Junpei said. “They’re not exactly what I’d
call mutually exclusive.”
“Maybe you’re a fool.” Chidori’s eyes flashed. “If you love someone, you fear losing them.
You fear both your death and theirs. That is true weakness.”
“Well, maybe there’s nothing wrong with a little bit of weakness now and then!” Junpei
protested. “I care about you! I don’t want you to die! Is that really so bad?”
Chidori looked away.
“I… care about you too,” she said quietly. She glared at him. “Don’t you see? That’s the
problem. You’re making me fear loss. I’ve never felt that way before.”
“I could help you,” Junpei said. “We could figure it out together.”
He was met with stony silence.
“Get out,” Chidori said in a clipped tone.
Junpei took a step back. “But, Chidori–”
“Why can’t you just leave me alone!” Chidori sounded like she was on the verge of tears.
“Didn’t Akechi tell you?!”
“That you wanted to be left alone, I mean… yeah—”
“I was going to kill you!” Chidori cried. Now she was crying. “Takaya told me, and I… if
Akechi hadn’t shot me…”
Junpei didn’t say anything as Chidori began sobbing. He was kind of dumbstruck. Chidori…
was going to kill him?

Well, honestly, it wasn’t that surprising. If Akechi was actually a former hitman and Ken was
planning on killing Shinjiro, Chidori planning to end Junpei’s life wasn’t at the top of
Junpei’s list of “most shocking reveals”. At best it was second place in Junpei’s “You
Should’ve Expected This” list. Ikutsuki’s betrayal was first place.
So while Chidori’s exclamation was definitely disappointing, Junpei was mostly glad both of
them were still alive.
“Oh,” Junpei said. “Well, you didn’t, so…”
“Just leave!” Chidori screamed.
So Junpei left.

Junpei approached Akechi in the second floor lounge area. Akechi knew what was coming.
He closed his textbooks and looked up at Junpei expectantly.
“So… Chidori told me about the whole ‘Takaya told her to kill me’ thing,” Junpei said.
Akechi sighed. “Look, I think I owe you an apology.”
“For not telling me?” Junpei asked. “I mean, I get it, I think. And kind of expected from
you.”
“Not that,” Akechi said. “I lectured you on telling Chidori about the gun, but when I was…
abducted… I told Takaya that Chidori had a crush on one of our members. I’m partly to
blame for what happened.”
“You didn’t know that Takaya would’ve run with that,” Junpei said. “And it’s not like you
said I was the one, right?”
“No, but I should’ve expected he’d pull some kind of bullshit,” Akechi said. “Besides, it’s
not a question of what I did or didn’t know. I was a hypocrite for yelling at you. I’m sorry.”
“Well, apology accepted,” Junpei said. “And, for the record, I really am sorry for telling
Chidori about the gun.”
“What’s done is done.”
Junpei sighed and collapsed into a chair. “You got that right… damn, who knew this would
get so complicated?”
“I can say fairly confidentially that developing feelings for a mercenary will always be
complicated.”
“I guess you would know, huh?” Before Akechi could even begin to process that sentence,
Junpei gave him a small smile. “You think it will ever work out?”

Where did Junpei find such unconditional forgiveness? Forgiveness for someone who kept
hurting others again and again, no less?
Akechi swallowed. “If you have enough time… and she’s willing to try… I think it could.”
Akechi was a dirty liar, but Junpei smiled anyway.

That evening, Koromaru trotted up to Akechi with an expectant expression.
“What do you want?” Akechi sighed.
Koromaru barked. Akechi waited for Aigis to translate before realizing that Aigis still hadn’t
returned since the Ikutsuki incident. Koromaru grabbed the hem of Akechi’s pants and tugged
at them gently. Did he want to go on a walk?
Akechi sighed. “Fine, you win.” He stood up and opened the door for Koromaru.
Koromaru led Akechi to the shrine, which was one of the dog’s favorite walking locations.
As Koromaru ran to dig around the playset, Akechi spotted Minato sitting on a nearby bench.
He held a notebook of some sort and stared at the cover with a strange sort of intensity.
Akechi sat down next to him. Minato gave him a small nod. The wind pushed fallen leaves
off the Shrine’s stone path, causing them to crinkle loudly. Winter was beginning to settle in.
“What are you holding?” Akechi finally asked.
“A story.” Minato handed it to Akechi, and Akechi took it with both hands. There was
nothing written on the cover, but on the first page of the notebook, Akechi read the words:
Property of Kamiki Akinari
“A friend of yours?” Akechi asked.
Minato nodded. “You can read it.”
The story was fairly simple, if not a bit dark. It was about a pink alligator who struggled to
live in the jungle due to his unusual skin tone. He befriended a bird who was unable to fly,
but the alligator one day accidentally swallowed the bird. The alligator cried until it drowned
in its own tears and provided a watering hole for the other animals.
“Realistic,” Akechi said. “I liked the part where the animals benefited from the alligator’s
death.”
“I don’t think that was the point,” Minato said softly.
“What was the point, then?”
“It wasn’t that the alligator’s death was a good thing,” Minato said. “Just that… people
remember what you leave behind.”

“And if you leave behind nothing but misery?” Akechi asked.
“That’s why you should live life to the fullest.” Minato took the book back from Akechi’s
hands. “Do you know any illustrators?”
“Illustrators?” Akechi asked. “Are you planning on publishing it?”
“I don’t know.” Minato shrugged. “Ryoji said it was a good idea, but maybe I should check
with Akinari’s parents first.”
“His parents?” Akechi asked. “What about him?”
“He’s dead.”
In hindsight, that was obvious.
And who was Ryoji? Wait… hadn’t Junpei mentioned him before? The new transfer student?
If Minato was already telling Ryoji about his dead friend’s story, Junpei hadn't been kidding
about the two of them getting along well.
“Do what you think is best,” Akechi said. “I’m sure Kitag… Never mind.”
Kitagawa was still living under Madarame’s “care”. Mitsuru already initiated an investigation
of Madarame’s treatment toward his students. The police couldn’t come up with anything,
which made sense. Otherwise, it wouldn’t have taken the Phantom Thieves’ intervention for
the truth to come out. Hopefully, Kitagawa was relatively well treated in Madarame’s shack.
Mitsuru had said she would keep trying, but now, she was certainly distracted.
“Maybe I can get Chidori to illustrate,” Minato said contemplatively.
“You can try,” Akechi said doubtfully. “Who is this Ryoji character anyway?”
“He just transferred,” Minato said. “He decided he liked me and kept talking to me at
school.”
“And you… talk back?”
“Sometimes.” Minato shrugged and glanced up at the night sky. “Not a lot, but… there’s
something familiar about him.”
“Maybe you met him at a different school.”
“Maybe…” Minato’s eyebrows furrowed, and he looked deeply confused for a moment.
“He’s nice, though. A little weird. I think he’s helped me realize something.”
“What?”
“When Ikutsuki betrayed us, I wondered if all of this was for nothing,” Minato said with a
small shrug. “But now… are we friends?”

“What?” Akechi asked, startled.
Minato looked away. “Never mind.”
Akechi swallowed, still taken off-guard. “I suppose we’re friends. Yes. Why?”
Something in Minato’s eyes brightened. “I think you guys taught me what it meant to not be
alone,” he said. “Ryoji… reminded me of that.”
From the way Minato spoke about Ryoji, whom he had only known for two days, Akechi
would have thought he’d known him on the same level of intimacy that Akechi had known
Akira.
Death Arcana: Rank 7

When Akechi, Minato, and Koromaru walked back to the dorms together, Mitsuru was there
waiting for them.
“I hear that you’ve had an eventful few days,” Mitsuru said, hugging herself. “I’m sorry that I
wasn't there to help.”
“Don’t blame yourself,” Akechi said. “How are things with the Kirijo Group?”
Mitsuru didn’t say anything at first. “Difficult,” she admitted. “The way things are going, I
might have to marry—Actually, I’d prefer not to think about it.”
Misogyny at its finest. Akechi made a mental note to tell Mitsuru that if her father could
singlehandedly run the Kirijo Group, so could she. For now, however, Akechi had a feeling
that the advice would not be well-received.
“Aigis should return from the labs tomorrow morning,” Mitsuru said. “It took a while for
them to find, but there was a program in Aigis’ system that compelled her to follow
Ikutsuki’s orders on… that night. Although she was able to resist, we thought it best to
remove that program.”
“Oh,” Junpei said. “I kind of assumed that she was secretly in league with him or something.
Or that she always follows orders.”
“The second part is partially true,” Mitsuru said. “But she is able to override orders at her
discretion if she finds them contradictory with her current goals. The fact that she attacked
Minato, in spite of her odd determination to stay by his side all this time, was an indication of
something more sinister.”
“Spooky,” Minato said, but his face looked a few shades paler.
“At any rate, we’ve also removed the function that forces Aigis to follow any specific
person’s orders, even if they might align with her goals,” Mitsuru said. “She’s developing too

much of a personality for that to be right. From now on, all of Aigis’ choices will be her
own.”

Evidently, Aigis’ first decision was to return to SEES the following morning. She greeted
everyone while they ate breakfast.
“Hello, everyone.” Aigis’ voice and expression was reluctant. She was already dressed in her
school uniform.
“Ai-chan!” Fuuka said. “It’s good to have you back.”
Aigis did not seem to agree with that statement. “I am… sorry for what happened last week,”
she said. “I hurt you all with my actions.”
“Don’t sweat it,” Junpei said, his mouth full of food. “You can’t be blamed for what Ikutsuki
did. Besides, you resisted in the end, right?”
Akechi was not a forgiving person, and he agreed with Junpei. Aigis couldn’t be held
responsible for a program in her head, especially now that it was gone. It was a good thing
Mitsuru thought to check, or Akechi might be more wary of Aigis. Maybe some of Akechi’s
paranoia had rubbed off on her.
“Yes, but it was already too late,” Aigis said. “Kirijo-san…” She trailed off at the sight of
Mitsuru’s closed off expression and bowed. “I’m very sorry, everyone.”
“I forgive you, Aigis,” Yukari said. “Why don’t you sit down with us?”
“I do not require sustenance,” Aigis said, not looking satisfied with the reception of her
apology. “I think I will go straight to school, if that is alright.”
“Um, yeah, sure,” Ken said, looking confused. “That’s fine, right, Mitsuru-senpai?”
“Of course,” Mitsuru said. “We’ll see you at school, Aigis.”

Aigis hated Ryoji. Junpei didn’t know if she was jealous of how well Minato and Ryoji were
getting along or what, but her eyes screamed of death every time Ryoji even glanced in her
direction.
“Oh well,” Ryoji had sighed, still wearing an easy-going smile. He turned to Minato and
fidgeted with his scarf. “You can’t win them all.”
Minato looked more unsettled by the affair. Junpei understood why. While Aigis seemed to
have an unhealthy obsession with Minato’s wellbeing, she had an opposite resentment for
Ryoji. It was really weird.

Ryoji seemed oblivious to it all, though. Maybe there were girls who hated him at his old
school too. Then again, those girls weren’t secretly Anti Shadow Suppression Weapons.
“Hey, Junpei!” Ryoji said cheerfully. “Do you want to come with me and Minato to the
coffee shop? Minato has a part time job there!”
“You have a part time job?” Junpei asked, somehow surprised. Minato had never mentioned
it, but he was always doing something. Minato’s sheer business was enough to make Junpei
dizzy sometimes.
Minato nodded, and he gave Ryoji a confused look. “You don’t have to come.”
“I heard there was an open position,” Ryoji said. “Maybe I could help out.”
Yeah, Junpei didn’t want to get third-wheeled by those two. Besides, he wanted to see if
Chidori was doing alright.
“I’m good, you guys,” Junpei said shaking his head. “I have other plans anyway.”
“Your loss.” Ryoji shrugged.
“Are you visiting Chidori?” Minato asked.
“Yeah, but I’m not really sure she wants to see me… I just really worry about her, being
alone all the time,” Junpei said. “Why? Did you want to deliver a message?”
“Yeah.” Minato hesitated before finally saying, “Just ask her if she can draw animals.”
“I wasn’t expecting that,” Junpei said. “Why do you want to know?” Minato’s expression
closed off, and Junpei realized that he had asked too many questions. “Never mind, man. I’ll
ask her.”
“Thanks.” Minato relaxed, and he gave Junpei a small smile. “I should get going.”
“Coffee bros here we come!” Ryoji said, pumping his fists. “Hey, do you think the chicks will
come to have me serve them their coffee?”
Minato didn’t deign that ridiculous remark with a response.

At the hospital, Chidori was staring out the window and wearing a contemplative expression.
Junpei stood hesitantly in the doorway. Maybe he should just leave. He didn’t want to make
Chidori uncomfortable by talking to her.
Junpei turned around, prepared to leave, before he remembered he promised to deliver that
message for Minato.
“Why can’t you just leave me alone?!”

“Just ask if she can draw animals.”
Shit… either way he was hurting someone.
Junpei probably owed it to Minato to try and deliver the message. Especially after everything
Minato went through with Chidori.
Junpei awkwardly knocked on the doorframe and stepped into the room. Chidori looked at
him and didn’t immediately start shouting at him, which was a pretty good sign.
“Um, hi,” Junpei said. “How are you feeling?”
“I thought I told you to leave,” Chidori said.
“Yeah, but that was yesterday,” Junpei said and then immediately felt like an asshole. “I’m
sorry. I can leave again; I just wanted to see if you were doing okay.”
“My injury has completely healed.” Chidori grabbed her shoulder; Junpei wondered if she
still felt phantom pain.
“I meant emotionally.”
“I don’t see why you care.”
“Well, a little bit of attempted murder never hurt anyone… okay bad joke.” Junpei chuckled
nervously. “Look, my friend, um, Minato? He had a question for you.”
Chidori gave Junpei a resigned expression. “What is it?”
“Well, it’s kind of strange, but he wants to know if you can draw animals?”
Chidori stared at Junpei blankly. Junpei held his breath. Was it just him, or was the air
conditioning unusually loud?
“Isn’t Minato the one I kidnapped?” she asked.
“Y-yeah.”
“Why does he want to know about my art skills?” Chidori asked. “And why didn’t you tell
him that all of my drawings are nonsense?”
“They’re not nonsense!” Junpei protested. “You enjoy doing it, don’t you?”
“Well…” Chidori fidgeted with the sleeve of her hospital gown. “You didn’t answer my first
question. Why does he want to know?”
“I don’t know,” Junpei said. “I tried to ask, but he got really quiet. Maybe he wants you to
draw something for him?”
Chidori scowled. “I’m not going to draw things for my captors.”

“Nobody’s forcing you,” Junpei said, raising his hands in surrender. “I just thought I’d
deliver the message. I can leave now.”
Junpei turned around to leave. That conversation could have gone worse, but he should back
out before Chidori started shouting at him again.
“Wait!”
Junpei froze, surprised. “Huh? I thought you didn’t want me around.”
When he turned around, he saw Chidori’s face was bright red. “Don’t take it so personally,”
Chidori said. “I just… it’s quiet in here.”
“I can make it noisy,” Junpei said. “Yukari says that I can’t stop talking.”
Chidori looked away. “I know you don’t want to talk to me.”
“I guess that’s why I came,” Junpei said sarcastically. “You want to hear a theory of mine?”
Chidori raised her eyebrows. “What?”
“I bet, even if you had gotten the gun from Akechi, you wouldn’t have gone through with it,”
Junpei said, injecting some cheer into his voice. “Because deep down, you don’t like hurting
people.”
Chidori didn’t say anything for a moment, tracing the seams of the hospital sheets with her
fingers. “A weak theory. You don’t have any evidence.”
“Your super cool healing abilities beg to differ.” Junpei plowed on before Chidori could
interrupt. “Well, either way, I forgive you. For thinking about killing me.”
Chidori glowered at him, and she opened her mouth before closing it again suddenly.
“You can leave,” Chidori said. Junpei almost had whiplash from the change in subject. “I’m
sure you’re busy.”
“Busy enough to visit you every day?” Junpei asked. “If I leave, the only thing I can think of
doing is going to the coffee shop to see Ryoji flirting with Minato.”
“That escalated,” Chidori said. “Didn’t he just transfer?”
“Yeah, but he’s kind of strange,” Junpei said. “In a good way. Except Aigis hates his guts for
some reason. I think she’s jealous.”
“The robot?”
“Oh, you missed that too, didn’t you? Yeah, Aigis is obsessed with protecting Minato for
some reason. She thinks that Ryoji is a danger.”
“How odd,” Chidori said. “She’s never acted that fiercely toward us.”

“True…” Junpei hesitated. “But maybe everything that happened in this last full moon
affected her. It was rough.”
Chidori’s expression became more bitter. “Have you found another way to end the Dark
Hour?”
“Um, not yet,” Junpei admitted. “We’ve all been kind of preoccupied. Mitsuru only just got
back to the dorms, and we also have a class trip coming up… and you kind of destroyed
Akechi’s bedroom door.”
“You’re seriously thinking about school trips at a time like this?” Chidori asked.
“Why not?” Junpei smiled, but it quickly fell. “I mean, we’re just going to Kyoto, which is
seriously boring. But I’m still young! Even if the world is falling apart, I should get the
chance to have fun, right?”
“You just said that Kyoto was boring,” Chidori said. “How are you meant to have fun?”
“Because I’ll be with my friends,” Junpei said. “I mean, you won’t be there, which also
seriously sucks, but I like the others well enough too.” Junpei jumped to his feet, suddenly
getting a brilliant idea. “Actually, maybe you can come to Kyoto with us!”
“I don’t go to your school.” Chidori said. “And I’m confined to this room.”
“If you joined SEES…”
“No.”
Junpei sagged and sat back down. He didn’t know what he had expected. “You won’t
reconsider?”
“Why would I join you?” Chidori asked. “You’re all hypocrites who want to destroy the only
source of your power. What will you do without your personas?”
“Well…” Junpei sighed. “I try not to think about it. But this is more than about ourselves,
you know? People are getting hurt because of the Dark Hour. I can’t just let that lie.”
“You pretend to be so noble,” Chidori said. “But surely that can’t be all that lies within. Don’t
you enjoy the glory? The feeling of being the hero?”
“Maybe a little.” Junpei clasped his hands together. “But, I’ve been thinking… playing the
hero isn’t as fun as it initially sounds.”
Chidori tilted her head and made an inquiring noise.
“I think I’ve just realized, and this will sound really stupid, but our actions have
consequences.” Junpei laughed nervously. “I mean, I knew that before too, but I didn’t really
know it. I thought we were all invincible, but then, we just… weren’t. Almost dying kind of
puts things in a new perspective.”

Chidori hummed. “You are weird.” She twisted the sheet in her hand. “I am sorry… for
trying to kill you.”
“I feel like we did the forgiveness apology thing backwards,” Junpei observed.
For a split second, Chidori’s lips quirked up.
“Why do you listen to everything Takaya says anyway?” Junpei asked. “I mean, that’s where
you keep getting these ideas, right? From Takaya?”
“Yes,” Chidori admitted. “But you don’t understand.”
“Can’t you explain?”
Chidori’s expression closed off, and Junpei’s heart sank. Why did he keep having to poke and
pry where he shouldn’t? His dad had always said he was an annoying little brat, but Junpei
had spent the rest of his life trying to shrug that off. Who cared what his dad thought
anyway?
Maybe he was right. He only ever seemed to succeed at pushing people away.
“Takaya and Jin,” Chidori said suddenly. Her voice sounded choked. “After my brother…
they were all I had. I was only seven when we escaped from the Kirijo group. Takaya is
stronger and older. Why wouldn’t I listen?”
Now Junpei just felt like a massive asshole.
“They were your family, huh?”
Chidori nodded. “Takaya didn’t like that term, though,” she said. “He preferred to look at it
as associates.”
“Sounds like him.” Junpei felt nauseated. “Chidori, I’m really sorry. I shouldn't have pried.”
“I’m–I’m glad I told you,” Chidori said. She gave Junpei a small smile, but it faded away
almost instantly. “And that you understand.”
“Why wouldn’t I?”
“You hate Takaya.”
“But I love you.”
The words came out before Junpei could even think about them, but he realized his mistake
almost immediately. Chidori’s eyes were wide, and her mouth formed a small ‘o’.
“You don’t have to feel the same way,” Junpei blurted out. “And, to be honest, I don’t even
fully know what that means. I mean, I really do care about you, but you knew that already,
but it could be platonic, I just haven’t cared this deeply for anyone before, and I know things

are really complicated with Strega and SEES, and you know what, I’m probably making this
worse, I think I’ll just leave. Sorry.”
Junpei fled the room. Chidori didn’t stop him.

“Hey, Akechi?” Junpei asked.
In the dining area, Akechi looked up from the homework he was working on with Ken with
an impassive expression. Junpei wore a nervous grin, which was always a bad sign. “What is
it?”
“On a scale of ‘absolutely not’ to ‘I will kill you’, how do you feel about Chidori joining
SEES?”
Akechi slammed his pencil against the table. “You have got to be kidding me.”
Junpei nodded to himself, looking relieved. “Could’ve been worse.”
“Isn’t Chidori with Strega?” Ken asked doubtfully.
“I’m going to get Minato’s permission before doing anything else,” Junpei assured them,
even though Akechi didn’t feel at all reassured. “I just wanted to get a taste for Mitsuru’s
potential reaction.”
“What are you even saying?” Akechi asked, flabbergasted. “I’m your sounding board now?”
“You do react really strongly to things,” Ken admitted.
“I need to when Junpei comes up with these ideas!” Akechi placed his pencil down before he
started stabbing. “Junpei, we cannot trust Chidori.”
“But what if we could?” Junpei’s voice was pleading. Akechi wondered how much Junpei
had lied to himself to get to this point. “She’s really not that bad, and she can’t spend the rest
of her days locked up in that hospital room.”
“And we can’t trust her not to go running back to Strega!” Akechi stood up, pressing his
hands against the table for support. “What makes you think she would even begin to be
willing to fight against Strega?”
Junpei’s face fell. “You have a point,” he admitted. He ran his fingers through his extremely
short hair. “Damn. Why didn’t I think of that?”
“I mean, she could still join SEES,” Ken said. “She could explore Tartarus with us. She could
just sit out of having to fight Strega. I mean, do they even care about us anymore? We don’t
know how to stop the Dark Hour.”
“This next full moon might be the most dangerous one yet, for all we know,” Akechi said
grimly. He had replayed this scenario over and over again in his mind. “Ikutsuki said we had

reunited parts of a whole. If those powerful shadows were just parts, what makes the whole?”
Junpei and Ken paled.
“Well, I’ll ask Minato anyway,” Junpei said, slowly walking toward the stairs. “Is he in his
room?”
“He hasn’t gotten back yet,” Ken said.
“Don’t tell me he’s still at the coffee shop,” Junpei said long-sufferingly. Akechi wasn’t sure
why Junpei was so worked up over it. Maybe Junpei knew what real coffee tasted like and
didn’t want Minato supporting such poorly brewed coffee.
“He texted Mitsuru to tell her that he was held up at the karaoke place,” Akechi said. “But
we’ll be going to Tartarus tomorrow. Apparently a new area opened up in spite of all this.”
“Makes sense,” Junpei said. “We haven’t reached the top yet.”
It was true. Where Akechi originally assumed Ikutuski dragged them to the top of Tartarus,
he'd really taken them to a outcropping of the structure instead.
Ken and Akechi finished their homework, and Ken left as Akechi found some dinner. While
Junpei continued to uneasily talk about Chidori, Mitsuru came downstairs, looking distracted.
“Oh, Mitsuru-senpai!” Junpei put on a cheerful smile, probably trying to act friendly before
he asked the impossible of her. “I was just wanting to talk… are you okay?”
Mitsuru’s eyes were rimmed with red, and her hair was disheveled. She automatically
attempted to smooth it back behind her ear.
“I’m fine, Iori,” she said. “I merely forgot to eat dinner. That’s all.”
“O-oh,” Junpei said. He frowned. “I can make you something, if you want.”
“I’m fine,” Mitsuru said sharply. Junpei grimaced.
“Of course, you are,” Junpei said. “I think I’ll go work on homework now.”
Junpei fled the scene. Akechi continued eating his fried tofu as Mitsuru began rummaging
around the kitchen. She pulled out a container of frozen ramen.
“I haven’t had the opportunity to eat anything store-bought all week,” Mitsuru said as she
began preparing her food.
“Did you miss it?” Akechi asked.
Mitsuru paused as she put a pot of water on the stove. “I… It was different,” she said.
“Maybe under different circumstances, I might have enjoyed it.”
“Understandable.”

Mitsuru didn’t say anything else as she continued to make her ramen. It wasn’t until she was
sitting down at the table with her bowl of noodles that she spoke again.
“Akihiko told me everything that happened with Chidori,” she said. “I’m sorry that I wasn’t
there.”
“It’s not your fault,” Akechi said. “You had bigger things to worry about.”
“Bigger things than my friends’ safety?” Mitsuru frowned. “I should think that would be my
utmost priority.”
“You had an entire organization to handle,” Akechi said, forcing himself not to sound
irritated. There was no point in dwelling on how people should feel. “Not to mention the
sudden loss of your father. Nobody blames you for not being here.”
“No, of course not.” Mitsuru smiled, but she looked like she was about to cry. “I missed
being here. It’s easier to pretend that nothing has changed.”
Akechi had a mouthful of food, so he didn’t say anything. He was grateful for the reason to
keep his silence. He wouldn’t know what to say without sounding extremely patronizing.
“At home–” Mitsuru’s breath hitched. “--all of the domestic workers are quiet, and everybody
else is clamoring for my attention, treating me like some child who was never prepared for
this inevitability, all of them vying for power.” Mitsuru’s voice dripped with disgust. “And
reality is impossible to ignore.”
“Would you like me to kill someone for you?” Akechi asked.
Mitsuru cracked a small smile. “I’m afraid that would only cause more problems than
solutions.”
Akechi swallowed. “Mitsuru, your father… if any truly exist in the world, he was a good
man. I’m sorry for not trusting him sooner.”
Mitsuru stared at her chopsticks. “Thank you. That means a lot, coming from you.”
Akechi was prepared to leave it at that. He had already extended himself far out of his
comfort zone to say those few words. He stood with his dirty dishes and walked into the
kitchen to clean them.
“How do you manage it?” Mitsuru blurted out suddenly.
Akechi stood still; the running water quickly began to fill his bowl. “How do I manage
what?”
“You’ve lost so much,” Mitsuru said. “How do you manage to move on?”
“I haven’t.” Akechi turned off the sink violently. “And you don’t. That pain sticks with you
for the rest of your life. Occasionally, you’re just lucky enough to forget it’s there.”

Mitsuru said nothing as Akechi began drying his bowl. “Yes,” she said softly. “I guess you’re
right.”
“I’m not one for platitudes,” Akechi said, putting the bowl into the cabinet. “Talk to Akihiko
if you want those.”
Akechi slammed the cabinet door shut and stormed up the stairs. Mitsuru didn’t follow him.
Empress Arcana: Rank 7

“It’s good to see you again, Akechi-kun,” Elizabeth said when Akechi entered the Velvet
Room with Minato. “It’s been a few months since our last meeting, hasn’t it?”
It would take an extremely unobservant person to not notice the resentment in Elizabeth’s
tone. Akechi hadn’t felt the need to fuse any personas during his last Tartarus visit, and the
idea of entering the Velvet Room just for the sake of idle conversation was… embarrassing,
for the lack of a better term.
“It’s been a month,” Akechi said. “I’m sorry that I haven’t visited.”
Unfortunately for all of them, Elizabeth couldn’t complain about how ungrateful Akechi was
verbally. Igor was sitting behind his table, looking benignly ignorant. Neither Theodore,
Elizabeth, nor Akechi were willing to admit that Elizabeth went behind Igor’s back.
“It’s good to see that you are doing well,” Theodore said. “Elizabeth was quite anxious for
your well-being.”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Elizabeth said. “I have my own guest to worry about. You were the
anxious one.”
Minato glanced between the three of them with a confused expression. “Am I missing
something?”
Elizabeth sniffed. “You are a much better guest than Akechi is.”
“Thanks?”
“You actually take us places at our request,” Elizabeth said. “Instead of Akechi, who only
comes when it’s convenient to him.”
Indignant anger rose up within Akechi. “Excuse me–”
“If you wish to prove me wrong, perhaps you’d like to show me somewhere I haven’t already
been with Minato this coming Sunday.”
“Only if it is convenient to you, however,” Theodore hastened to add. Elizabeth gave him a
dirty glance.

Akechi was not one to back down from any challenge and certainly not one from Elizabeth of
all people.
Besides, he did owe her for indirectly saving his life. Although her warning hadn’t amounted
to much in the end, her gift had aided him greatly in his escape. And while Theodore’s gift
still rested in Akechi’s pocket, Akechi had a feeling it would become extremely useful to him
as well.
Although he didn’t think to use it in time to save Kirijo’s life.
“Fine,” Akechi said. “Where have you already been?”
“I’m so glad you asked,” Elizabeth said. “Theodore, the list.”
Theodore pulled a slip of paper from his pocket and handed it to Akechi. Akechi gave him a
skeptical look. Wouldn’t the words just be written in whatever ancient language the Velvet
Room possessed? He glanced down at the paper, but oddly enough, Japanese characters were
written instead.
Elevators/Automatic Doors
Train Station
Paulownia Mall
Park
Shrine
Takoyaki Stand
School
“You’ve shown them the school?” Akechi asked Minato. “When was this?”
Minato shrugged. “Recently.”
“I sang a song there,” Elizabeth said proudly.
Akechi rolled his eyes. He couldn’t imagine what the other students thought. “Well, you
seemed to have visited half the city already, but I’m sure I can come up with something,” he
said. “I’ll pick you up on Sunday.”
“Excellent,” Elizabeth said. “I’ll have that slip of paper back now.”
“Wasn’t it Theodore’s?” Minato asked.
“We share it,” Theodore said.
“Why don’t you just write two?” Akechi asked.

Elizabeth rolled her eyes. “We are hardly ever apart. Why have two when we can always ask
the other?”
“B-besides, we have all of the locations memorized,” Theodore said. “It’s just there in case
one of us forgets.”
“Why is it written in Japanese?” Minato asked.
Theodore had no response. Elizabeth scoffed and averted eye contact with Akechi.
“You can have your list back.” Akechi sighed as he handed it to Elizabeth. “But if you wrote
it for my convenience, I don’t see why you want it.”
“I don’t see why it’s relevant,” Elizabeth said, obviously embarrassed. “Now, did you come
here for anything other than a social call?”

“Do you want a cup of coffee?”
Akechi raised his eyebrows at Minato’s request. “When have I ever wanted a cup of coffee
from that wretched place?”
Minato shrugged and stuffed his hands into his pockets. “I don’t have any other plans.”
Akechi placed his book on the coffee table with a defeated expression. He didn’t have any
other plans either, and he was getting tired of sitting around reading. Junpei probably felt
more productive trying to recruit Chidori to SEES even as they spoke.
Mitsuru had not been receptive to the idea when Junpei had brought it up the morning before.
Minato had seemed oddly contemplative at the thought. Maybe it had something to do with
his ambitions of getting that book published.
“Fine,” Akechi said. He stood up. “Maybe it tastes better than I remember.”
It did not taste any better than Akechi remembered. It probably tasted worse, and Akechi
grimaced. He should have ordered something different, but he had never experimented with
his coffee in the past. He either drank ridiculously sweet drinks for his public image, or a cup
of black coffee in the mornings to not feel like death. And the occasional mug at Le Blanc,
but that was just their ordinary black coffee as well.
Not all coffee was made equal, it seemed.
“Sorry,” Minato said. “We’ll try a different place next time.”
“You’d better,” Akechi muttered, glaring at his mug. “What’s your obsession with this place
anyway?”
“They pay pretty well,” Minato said. “Except, ever since someone was hired, I’ve had less
hours.”

“You should work to live, not live to work, you know,” a new voice said.
Akechi looked up from his coffee to see a young man in a waiter’s uniform standing in front
of them. A tray stacked with dirty dishes was resting in his hands, but his shockingly blue
eyes sparkled as he smirked in Minato’s direction.
“Um, hi, Ryoji,” Minato said.
“Fancy seeing you here tonight, Minato,” Ryoji said. “Don’t you get sick of this disgusting
coffee?”
So this was the Ryoji that Junpei had been complaining about. Akechi could understand why
Minato was so friendly with him. From the few sentences that Akechi had heard Ryoji utter,
he was so oblivious to Minato’s quiet nature that he would be hard to shake off. Minato
probably took the path of least resistance and became friends instead.
Not to mention, Ryoji had proper coffee tastes, which meant that all of his charm must have
come from a different source.
“It makes you charming,” Minato said, looking embarrassed. Admittedly, Minato hadn’t said
that the coffee actually tasted good.
“True, but if you asked me, your charm has reached its peak.” Ryoji winked, but his eyes
suddenly widened. “I don’t mean that as an insult! The girls talk about you as much as they
talk about me and Sanada-senpai. I have competition.”
Minato stood up suddenly. A small blush seemed to have spread across his cheeks, and he
looked almost overwhelmed. “I need to go to the bathroom,” he said suddenly.
He fled the table, leaving Akechi alone with this hopeless flirt.
“You scared him off,” Akechi said. “Have you ever heard of laying it on too thick?”
Ryoji smiled. “Well, the girls don’t really seem to mind, so I think I’ll just keep doing my
thing.” his expression became more inquisitive. “Are you Minato-kun’s younger brother?”
“Definitely not,” Akechi said. “We’re just acquaintances.”
“Poor choice of a hang-out spot,” Ryoji said. “I started working here because I could do with
the cash, but the coffee really isn’t that good.”
Akechi narrowed his eyes. “I thought I heard that you come from a wealthy family.”
“Oh yeah, I guess that’s true,” Ryoji said. “But I still have to take care of my own pocket
money. My parents aren’t that active in my life.”
That seemed to be a common theme amongst most of Akechi’s acquaintances.
“Where did you transfer from?” Akechi asked, curious despite himself. “And why did you
come?”

“Oh, well, I used to live outside of the country,” Ryoji said. “But I got into a fight with my
parents, or maybe I just wanted to be more independent. I don’t know. My parents agreed to
let me get my own place and try out Gekkoukan, though. I think they’re relieved not to have
to deal with my antics.”
“Antics?” Akechi asked.
“I keep breaking girls’ hearts, after all,” Ryoji said with a wink.
“I’m sure,” Akechi said dryly. He wasn’t sure how he felt about Ryoji’s story; it felt
inconsistent and vague. Still, he wasn’t going to drag someone’s past out of them, especially
while they were working. “Weren’t you taking those dishes somewhere?”
“Oh shoot, you’re right,” Ryoji said. He glanced in the direction of the employee doors
anxiously. “Well, it was nice to meet you, um…”
“Akechi Goro,” Akechi said.
Ryoji’s eyes widened. “Oh, so you’re that Akechi Minato mentioned! My name is Ryoji.
Pleasure to meet you.”

“Thou art I… and I am Thou
Thou hast established a new bond…

One that furthers thy voyage for redemption

Thou shalt be blessed when creating
Personas of the Lovers Arcana…”

Before Akechi could ask any more questions, mainly about what Ryoji had heard from
Minato, Ryoji was already hurrying toward the kitchens. Minato arrived back at their table
not long after, looking marginally disappointed that Ryoji wasn't there.
“He’s working, you know,” Akechi said. “He can’t stay and talk with us during his entire
shift.”
“I know,” Minato said.
“He said hi.”

“Thanks.”
Akechi tried to mask his irritation at how unilluminating this entire conversation was. Maybe
Ryoji and Minato liked each other because they were both incredibly vague. “You told him
about me?”
Minato shrugged. “Just a little bit.”

Chapter End Notes

Once again my timeline has betrayed me and gave me bad dates.
BUT RYOJI IS HERE YAYYYYYYY
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 33: November 14–17, 2009
Chapter Summary

Guys... I think Junpei is starting to win the war to become the main character...
Junpei no... its still an akechi fic...
Junpei... T-T

Chapter Notes

tw: implied/referenced child abuse, referenced unethical experimentation, ptsd, running
late

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The train station was busy in the afternoons. Hundreds of students gathered together, ready to
go home after a long day at school. Couples were returning from movie dates, and Junpei
could see a particularly lovey-dovey pair of high schoolers going into the movie theater.
And there were the Lost. Ever since Ikutsuki’s betrayal, the number of Lost seemed to be
growing more and more. While many Lost were taken care of by their families, some didn’t
want to bother with their family member’s condition. The abandoned Lost stood in the
corners of public areas, not saying a word to anyone. The passersby walked around them
without any glances of concern. Junpei would occasionally stop and try to have a
conversation with one or two of them to see if they needed any help with money or food. But
most of the time, they just grunted in response. When Junpei handed one of them a snack that
he had in his pocket, they just stared at it.
Junpei hoped they were eating some way or another. Although, Junpei supposed they must
be. Otherwise, there’d be more death reports.
Currently, Junpei sat by the flowers, staring at the different colors. He hadn’t given color
much thought before, but Chidori had mentioned blending and how even drawing a simple
object required more colors than one would think. Even now, Junpei could see what Chidori
meant. The purple flowers had hints of pink and white, and the shadows almost looked blue.
Maybe Chidori would like a new set of colored pencils.

“Hey, Junpei-kun,” his classmate, Kenji, walked up to him. He looked about as easy-going as
ever. “What are you staring at?”
“Oh, nothing,” Junpei said. Kenji would not react kindly if he thought Junpei was just
admiring flowers. “What’s up?”
“I’m thinking of going to the mall and seeing if there are any ladies who want my company,”
Kenji said. “Want to come with?”
Junpei grimaced internally. The idea of going out just to hit on girls was less appealing than it
once was. Especially since things were only getting worse with the Dark Hour.
“Um, you know–”
Junpei’s phone started ringing. Junpei leapt to his feet, eager at the chance. He pulled his
phone from his pocket, not even glancing at the caller ID.
“My mom’s calling me, man,” Junpei said. “I have this family dinner, but I totally forgot
about it. Guess I can’t go with you tonight.”
“Aw, man, that’s too bad,” Kenji said. “I’ll see you later, then.”
As Kenji started walking away, Junpei answered his phone.
“Man, your timing was perfect–”
“Iori, please meet us at the hospital,” Mitsuru said. “I think we have something to discuss.”
Junpei’s heart dropped. “What is it? Is Chidori alright?”
“Chidori is fine,” she said. She sounded almost angry, which didn’t bode well for Junpei.
“Although she is the subject of our conversation. I’d prefer to speak about it in person.”
“Oh, o-okay,” Junpei said. “I’ll be right there.”

Akihiko, Minato, and Mitsuru all waited outside Chidori’s room when Junpei finally arrived.
Mitsuru and Akihiko looked frustrated, but Minato’s expression was weirdly impassive in
comparison. Then again, Minato wasn’t an emotional person.
“What’s going on?”
Mitsuru put her hands on her hips. “Chidori has asked to join SEES.”
“She’s what?” Junpei asked. He should be happy; this was what he was hoping for this entire
time. And yet, it just seemed so strange. Why would Chidori suddenly want to join SEES
when she was so loyal to Strega?

“She wants to leave the hospital,” Akihiko said. “And basically the only way she can do that
is if she joins us.”
“That’s kind of messed up,” Junpei said, even though he knew there was no escaping the
situation. “We’re forcing her to join us just so that she can get out of this place?”
“I don’t know if you’ve been paying attention these past few months, but if we don’t keep her
confined, she’s going to join Strega again,” Akihiko said. “We can’t afford that risk.”
Junpei sighed. “Yeah, I know, I know. She seriously wants to join?”
“I don’t think she’s being truthful with us,” Mitsuru said. “I wanted you to talk to her and try
to discover her true motive.”
“I mean, she does hate this hospital,” Junpei said. “What makes you think she’s lying?”
“Because she would have tried this months ago otherwise,” Mitsuru said. “She could have
lied, saying that she wished to join us, and then run off to join Strega. Of course, I would
have never gone along with it, but she never even attempted such a ruse.”
“If you wouldn’t have gone along with it then, what about now?” Junpei asked. “What makes
now so different?”
“Because Strega has less motive to target us at the moment,” Akihiko said. “We don’t know
how to end the Dark Hour. We are a lot less of a threat than we were before.”
“Besides,” Mitsuru said. “Something's… changed, about her. I can’t explain it.”
“She can draw alligators,” Minato said. “She showed me a preliminary sketch. It was pretty
good.”
“What?” Junpei asked, confused as to what that had to do with anything.
“Just talk to her,” Akihiko sighed. “This is what you want, isn’t it?”
“Well, yeah,” Junpei said. “But it’s kind of sudden.”
“I believe in you,” Minato said with a nod.
“Sure.”

Chidori didn’t look away from the window when Junpei entered the room. Junpei awkwardly
sat down.
“So, Mitsuru had some interesting news for me,” Junpei said. “Not that I’m upset or
anything, it just kind of feels out of nowhere, you know?”
“Is it really so strange that I wish to leave this wretched room?”

“No, not at all!” Junpei hastened to say. “It’s just… don’t you hate us?”
“Hate you?” Chidori asked. She still hadn’t looked away from the window. “When did I ever
say that?”
“Not me.” Junpei was already screwing this up. “I mean, the others, right? You’re still on
Strega’s side, aren’t you?”
“You make a lot of assumptions.” Chidori finally looked at Junpei. She looked really tired.
Dark bags hung under her eyes, and her hair was somewhat disheveled. How much had she
slept last night? “Maybe you should let me explain for myself.”
“Didn’t you already explain your reason to Mitsuru?”
“Yes,” she said. “If you already know why, then why are you here?”
“She doesn’t believe you.”
“Of course, she doesn’t.” Chidori smiled grimly as she fingered the pages of her sketchbook.
“Neither should you.”
“Well, that’s my business, isn’t it?” Junpei took a deep breath. “Why do you really want to
join SEES?”
Chidori looked away again. “It doesn’t matter,” she said. “You won’t let me. It was silly for
me to ask.”
“Now who’s the one making assumptions?” Junpei crossed his arms. “Come on, maybe if
you make a compelling argument, Mitsuru will be convinced. You never know!”
“Your friend is a Kirijo,” Chidori said, her voice hard. “I think I know.”
“That’s not fair,” Junpei said. “She’s nothing like her grandfather. Or Ikutuski.”
“Then why am I here?” Chidori snapped, glaring at Junpei. “Why am I locked up in yet
another hospital room?”
Junpei felt a little sick. He knew that Chidori hated it there, but it hadn’t occurred to him that
there would be trauma connected to this place.
“Chidori, I…” Junpei didn’t know what to say. “I didn’t know. I’m sorry.”
Chidori stared at her sketchbook. Pink alligators were sketched in the corners of the pages.
“No, it’s not the same,” Chidori whispered. “Although sometimes it feels like it. You weren’t
there. There were no flowers, or gifts…” Chidori’s fingers clenched around the sketchbook.
“I still want to leave.”
“We can arrange that, even if you don’t join SEES,” Junpei said quickly. “I can figure out a
different place to keep you, somewhere less, um, sterile.”

Chidori gave Junpei a small smile. “Thank you, but… that’s not actually the reason I want to
join your group.”
Junpei had almost forgotten that the entire reason he had come to talk to Chidori was to
discern the truth. “It’s not?”
“No.” Chidori’s smile turned into a worried expression. “If you fight Strega, or if Takaya
targets you… you could… and even without them, the shadows in Tartarus…”
She trailed off, looking almost angry.
“You’re worried about me?”
“I don’t worry about anyone,” Chidori snapped. “I just… you’re an integral member of your
group, aren’t you? What will they do without you?”
Junpei laughed self-deprecatingly. “I hate to break it to you, Chidori, but I’m not that
important. The others would be fine without me–”
“How could you say that?” Chidori asked, looking furious. “Haven’t you heard of strength in
numbers? Your mere presence is important to your group!”
“Well, I guess…”
“I never thought you were capable of thinking so low of yourself,” Chidori said. “Fine, I will
tell you the whole truth, Junpei. I do worry about you. Every day I sit in this room and
wonder if you got hurt on one of your reckless escapades. And I hate it. I hate how afraid I’ve
become.”
“You really don’t have to worry–”
“Don’t lie,” she said. “I know you risk your life on a frequent basis. And I know that fearing
for another person is a weakness. I wish to join SEES so that I can be there to protect you if
something happened. Then, maybe this fear will go away.”
Junpei didn’t know what to say. It was one of the most genuine things anyone had ever said
to him. Junpei wasn’t even sure if his own mother would want to risk her life just to make
sure that he was safe.
“That’s… that’s really your reason?” Junpei asked quietly.
Chidori looked away again. “Yes,” she said shortly. “You can laugh if you’d like. I know it’s
silly.”
“N-no, it’s not silly at all,” Junpei said. He almost wanted to cry. Almost. “I’ll… I’ll talk to
Mitsuru. See what we can do.”
“You don’t have to worry about me,” Chidori said. “Or pity me.”
“It’s not that,” Junpei said. He stood up. “I’ll be right back.”

It was a good thing that Mitsuru was already willing to humor the idea of Chidori joining.
Otherwise, any subsequent debating would be a lost cause. As it was, Mitsuru was very
adamant that she did not remotely trust Chidori with any of their lives.
Akihiko and Minato were, oddly enough, more receptive to the idea.
“Chidori’s an incredibly powerful persona user,” Akihiko said. “She had her evoker on the
night she broke into Akechi’s room. Why didn’t she wait for the Dark Hour and try to kill us
all with her persona?”
“Why doesn’t Strega ever try to kill us all?” Mitsuru asked. “She likely didn’t want to attack
us when there were so many of us.”
“Still,” Akihiko said. “I don’t think her heart was into it. After she was shot, she didn’t
struggle against us at all, although she definitely wasn’t thrilled about it. That’s a far cry from
the way she reacted to her capture a few months ago.”
“That’s true…” Mitsuru admitted.
“She agreed to draw my pictures,” Minato added. “She even apologized for hurting me.”
“She did?” Akihiko asked, looking surprised.
“Yeah, I was surprised too,” Minato said. “She probably just wanted to get on good terms
with me before she asked to join the group, though.”
Junpei hated to admit it, but it was probably true. Still, at least she was willing to let go of her
pride and apologize to begin with.
“I still think this is a major risk,” Mitsuru said. “What if we’re betrayed? Who knows how
many people we’ll…”
The group grew quiet at the thought of any more death taking place.
“Couldn’t we give her a trial run?” Junpei asked. “Someone can guard her room every night
to make sure she’s not visiting Strega, and we’ll only let her have her evoker when we go to
Tartarus. Maybe after a month, we’ll know she’s trustworthy.”
“Or, she’ll wait for us to let our guard down,” Mitsuru said. “I really don’t think this is a good
idea.”
“I hate to say it, but I see Mitsuru’s point,” Akihiko said. “How can we trust her?”
“You can’t,” Minato said. “But… she wants to try. Are we going to lock her up for the rest of
her life?”
“Please?” Junpei pleaded. “If she does anything suspicious, we can give up on the entire idea,
but she was basically raised by Takaya. A second chance might be exactly what she needs!”

Mitsuru still looked like she had swallowed something unpleasant. Akihiko looked doubtful.
“We should put it up for a vote,” Minato said. “This affects the others too.”

Akechi could not believe this was actually happening.
They all sat in the command room, genuinely discussing Chidori’s potential entrance into the
group. Junpei was glancing at him with an anxious expression, but it wasn’t as though Akechi
could tip the voting in his favor single handedly. If the rest of the group decided to be fools,
there was nothing he could do about it.
“When you vote, state your reason for your decision,” Minato said. “Hopefully, we can come
to a unanimous decision.”
“Alright,” Akihiko said. “All in favor of letting Chidori join the team?”
Minato, Junpei, Shinjiro, and Akihiko raised their hands. Akechi stared at Shinjiro, aghast.
“What the hell are you thinking?” he asked.
“Are you of all people going to deny someone a second chance?” Shinjiro asked. “If Akechi
and I are part of the group, I don’t see why we can’t give Chidori a shot.”
“She tried to shoot me last week!”
“From your story, she had plenty of opportunity to pull the trigger,” Akihiko said quietly.
“She never did. Besides, someone had a gun in the first place and didn’t tell any of us.”
Ken raised his hand tentatively. “But… what if she’s lying?”
“I’ve seen Chidori lying,” Junpei said. “She’s not usually so angry about it. She’s a little
more… bored sounding.”
“That makes her a better liar than Akechi,” Yukari said. She gave Akechi an embarrassed
glance. “Sorry.”
“I guess I deserve that,” Akechi sighed.
Koromaru barked.
“Koro-chan offers to guard Chidori-san’s room,” Aigis said.
“Is that a vote, then?” Junpei asked with a wide grin. Koromaru gave an affirmative-sounding
bark.
“I have a small idea,” Fuuka said, raising her hand. “Could we ask Chidori where Strega’s
base is? Akechi could confirm the spot, and then we could launch an ambush.”

“I don’t know if she would agree to that,” Akihiko said. “She still puts a lot of stock into
Strega’s strength. She wouldn’t want Junpei risking his life. Besides, Strega was a family to
her.”
“Maybe that would be cruel,” Fuuka agreed hesitantly.
“I think we all know why Junpei voted,” Akechi said. “Why did you vote, Akihiko?”
“Call it a gut feeling,” Akihiko said. “And Shinjiro’s right. A second chance is a powerful
thing.”
Ken looked down at his feet. “Yeah,” he said quietly. “I guess you’re right. I’ll put my vote
in.”
“Mine too,” Fuuka said softly. “My bully became my best friend, so I suppose people really
can change.”
Ken, Fuuka, Koromaru, Minato, Akihiko, Junpei, and Shinjiro. That definitely breached the
majority vote. Mitsuru, Yukari, Aigis, and Akechi were the only ones left to object.
“I still think it's risky,” Yukari said.
“She could be dangerous,” Aigis agreed. “She hurt you, Minato-kun.”
“I’ll keep my door locked,” Minato said reassuringly.
“Then she can knock it down,” Akechi said sarcastically.
Mitsuru hadn’t said much throughout the entire conversation, but she looked up with a
contemplative look.
“My father is gone, but… I believe he believed in the power of second chances. I am willing
to try to let Chidori make up for her past actions, if we took the correct precautions.”
Now it was only Yukari, Aigis, and Akechi who stood as objectors.
“Mitsuru-senpai…” Yukari said. “Are you sure about this?”
“No,” Mitsuru admitted. “But I’m hardly sure of anything, these days.” Her expression
hardened. “Majority vote aside, do any of you feel that your safety would be seriously
compromised if Chidori joined the group? This is remembering that for the first month or so,
she would have a guard outside her room, and she would not know where any of the weapons
were stored.”
Well, it was certainly a step up from Akira thrusting brand new weapons and equipment into
Akechi’s arms as soon as he joined the Phantom Thieves. Especially considering that Akira
had known exactly what Akechi planned on doing.
Akechi was not Akira. He could never be that sentimental, that trusting.

But maybe Akira had known the same thing Akechi realized now. Akechi had been one
person. He had never stood a chance in a head-on fight against the entire group, even if they
had less years of experience.
Chidori was one person. If the group of them could defeat Takaya and Jin, it shouldn’t be
difficult at all for them to suppress any potential attack on Chidori’s part. They would just
have to remain vigilant.
Nobody raised their hands. Junpei gave them a grateful smile.

Chidori was not talkative. She reminded Akechi almost of Minato back in May.
“Thank you for this opportunity,” she said stiffly upon entering the dorms.
She looked uncomfortable, wearing a pair of jeans and a frilly white shirt Mitsuru had
provided her. Mitsuru requested that Chidori wear something other than her signature white
dress when she was out and about. While Strega would surely notice that Chidori was no
longer at the hospital, she’d prefer to avoid them seeing Chidori changing locations easily.
“You look nice,” Junpei said immediately. “Um, I can show you to your room.”
Chidori looked relieved to see Junpei there, although it was hard to tell with how impassive
her face was. She gave Junpei a small nod and followed him upstairs. Akechi was still unable
to get over the absurdity of the situation. He stood up.
“Tell the others I’ve gone out,” Akechi told Ken.
“Okay,” Ken said. “Where are you going?”
“I promised to hang out with someone today,” Akechi said, suddenly relieved that Elizabeth
had given him a good excuse to leave the dorms that wasn’t “I wanted to get away from
Chidori.”
Upon arriving at Paulownia mall, Akechi was astonished to find Elizabeth and Theodore
already sitting on one of the benches closest to the Velvet Room. Theodore spotted Akechi
first and waved cheerfully. Elizabeth slapped Theodore’s hand away.
“What are you guys doing here?” Akechi asked.
“You agreed to take us somewhere,” Elizabeth said. “I got impatient, so I stepped outside for
a bit.”
“It is a lovely mall,” Theodore said. “Although, the shadow’s intervention in this world is
growing more obvious.”
Theodore frowned in the direction of one of the Lost standing in the corner of the mall.
Akechi frowned.

“It is growing more and more problematic,” he admitted. “We’re trying to find a solution.”
Although, they were currently preoccupied with Chidori.
Elizabeth stood up. “Where are you taking us today?” she asked. “Perhaps to see one of those
moving pictures Minato told us about?”
Akechi opened his mouth to say that he had something entirely different in mind when he
heard a small pair of feet sprinting toward them. Akechi gaped as a young girl with very
similar features to Elizabeth and Theodore ran up to Elizabeth, holding an empty pouch.
“I gave my offering to the fountain spirit,” she said softly. “Do you think he’ll let me come
now?”
“I’m sure he will,” Theodore said.
The girl, who could be none other than Lavenza, turned toward Akechi with wide eyes. “So
you are Theodore’s guest?” She curtsied. “I am Lavenza. At your service.”
Akechi wondered how much the Velvet Room attendants were even aware of Akechi’s time
traveling. He knew that Elizabeth and Theodore must know that Akechi was from the future.
And Igor and his master potentially even remembered the original timeline. But Lavenza
wore no recognition on her face, no accusations of what he did to her future guest.
Akechi wasn’t going to complain.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you,” Akechi said, partly on reflex to such a polite greeting. “I take it
you’re coming with us?”
“If the fountain spirit grants my wish,” she said. “And you, of course.”
Akechi was tempted to be extremely aggravated with Elizabeth for not warning him about the
child tagging along. But it was clear that Lavenza was more mature than an ordinary human
child. Her presence wasn’t likely to hinder anything.
“Very well,” Akechi sighed. “I was thinking we would go to the aquarium?”
“Aquarium?” Lavenza asked.
“Ah, a water filtering facility,” Theodore said. “It is natural such a place would exist.”
“No,” Akechi said. “It’s where you look at different kinds of fish for educational purposes.”
Theodore flushed. “I knew that.”

Lavenza was extremely taken with the aquarium, but while she stared at everything with
quiet awe, Akechi had to keep a constant eye on the twins. Theodore kept attempting to feed
the fish, and Elizabeth was trying to have a discussion with a shark.

“Surely you do not enjoy being trapped in this glass enclosure,” Elizabeth told the shark.
“I’m sure you could destroy all of these mortals–”
“Elizabeth,” Akechi snapped. “Stop inciting a rebellion. Theodore, you’re not allowed to feed
the fish!”
Theodore grinned guiltily. Elizabeth didn’t look remotely apologetic.
Lavenza giggled as she watched the jellyfish across the room. “Do you think the Velvet
Room could turn into an aquarium?” she asked.
“The Velvet Room matches the guest’s cognition,” Theodore said. “So, I suppose it’s
possible.”
“I hope it has sharks,” Elizabeth said. “That would be more interesting than that cramped
elevator.”
Lavenza’s eyes sparkled. “I hope that my guest makes the Velvet Room an aquarium. With
sharks. I think that would be extremely beautiful.”
Poor Lavenza. Akira never mentioned seeing an aquarium in his dreams.
“Only time will tell,” Akechi said vaguely.
“Do you like fish, Akechi-san?” Lavenza asked.
“I have a fish,” Akechi said.
Theodore’s eyes widened as he stared at Elizabeth’s new shark friend. “How do you fit him
in your room?”
“Not a shark, dumbass,” Akechi snapped. “Just a small goldfish. My friend gave him to me.”
“Can I meet him?” Lavenza asked.
Akechi hesitated. He didn’t particularly want to bring the entire procession of Velvet Room
attendants to the dorms. “I don’t know…”
“I think there’s something you owe me,” Elizabeth said.
“A thank you?” Akechi asked dryly. He had forgotten to say it, in the midst of entertaining
the three children. “I truly owe you my thanks for what you did for me. Your intervention
saved my life.”
Elizabeth smirked. “Actions speak so much louder than words.”

Akechi ended up taking Lavenza to the dorms, but only after Elizabeth and Theodore gave
their solemn oath that they would stay outside.

“I can’t bring all of you in like some sort of procession,” Akechi said. “It would raise way too
many questions. Just stay put.”
“Whatever you want,” Elizabeth said. “Have fun you two.”
Theodore looked seriously disappointed that he wasn’t able to see the fish. Lavenza promised
to describe him in detail.
When Akechi entered the dorms with Lavenza, only Minato and Koromaru were in the
lounge. He raised both of his eyebrows questioningly when Akechi entered.
“You are Elizabeth’s guest, correct?” Lavenza asked. “She speaks very highly of you.”
“Oh, um, yeah,” Minato said. “You are…”
“Lavenza.” Lavenza stared at Koromaru with a fascinated expression on her face. “This
creature does not look like the fish you showed me.”
“No, that is because Koromaru is a dog,” Akechi explained. “He is a mammal.”
“I see,” Lavenza said with a small nod. “Theodore has told me a little bit about dogs. Can I
pet him?”
Koromaru’s bark sounded rather receptive to the idea. He trotted up to Lavenza expectantly.
“Pet away,” Minato said. “He likes it.”
Lavenza smiled as she tentatively petted the top of Koromaru’s head. “Keep protecting our
guests, okay?”
Koromaru barked again with a happy huff. His tail wagged back and forth violently.
“Let’s visit Taiyaki before we draw in a crowd,” Akechi said.
“Very well.”
They reached Akechi’s bedroom without incident, and Lavenza leaned over Akechi’s desk to
get a better look at the goldfish. Taiyaki must have sensed there was company, or maybe he
thought Akechi was about to feed him. He began swimming extra violently around his castle.
“Is your fish the lord of his domain?” Lavenza asked.
“The castle is decorative,” Akechi said. “But since the fish is the only member of his domain,
I suppose it wouldn’t be completely inaccurate to say that he is lord over it.”
“He seems especially agitated right now,” Lavenza said. “Does he not wish me in his
presence?”
“I doubt it.” Akechi picked up the small container of fish food. “He’s hungry. Would you like
to feed him?”

Lavenza eagerly took the container. She carefully read the instructions on the back before
putting an extremely precise amount of food into the tank.
“Fish are easily satisfied,” Lavenza observed as Taiyaki ate. “Humans seem to need much
more in their life than food and a home.”
“Yes, well, we’re greedy creatures.”
“I don’t think so.” Lavenza shook her head. “Aquariums exist to teach other humans, are they
not? I saw many children enjoying themselves there. Where is the greed in that?”
“You pay money to enter,” Akechi said.
“That money supports the livelihoods of the employees, if I understand your economy
correctly.”
“But some if it goes to greedy CEOs who wish to trample upon others.”
“So a small portion of evil makes all of it bad?” Lavenza asked. She didn’t look angry, just
confused.
“It’s complicated,” Akechi sighed. He shouldn’t have tried to explain this to a child, even if
that child was an otherworldly being.
“Or maybe it’s quite simple,” Lavenza said. “There’s good and bad. That doesn’t take away
from the good.”
Akechi didn’t want to engage in moral philosophy at the moment. The good was almost
always tainted with evil, but something told him that Lavenza would never see it that way.
“Your siblings are waiting for you,” Akechi said. “We should get going.”
Judgement Arcana: Rank 5

The morning of the seventeenth, chaos rang out within the dorms. The high schoolers were
departing for Kyoto that day, and a few people had decided not to pack until that very
morning.
A few people only really being Junpei.
“I can’t believe you wasted your entire evening talking to me,” Chidori said from the kitchen
table. Akechi kept a watchful eye on her, as he always did. She hadn’t tried anything yet,
however, and Akechi was slightly more interested in the chaos unfolding.
“I don’t want to talk about it!” Junpei cried out, sprinting down the stairs with a suitcase.
Clothing leaked out of it dramatically. Junpei had failed to zip it up all the way, and the
suitcase left a trail of shirts and underwear on the stairs in its wake. “Damnit!”

Akihiko also left the packing for that morning, but he did so in a far more graceful fashion.
He came downstairs with an exhausted stare and a properly packed suitcase. He placed his
suitcase down with the others’ and walked into the kitchen for some breakfast.
“I’m glad I’m not you right now,” Shinjiro said.
“You should really go to school,” Akihiko said. “Then you get to go on these fantastic school
trips.”
“To Kyoto,” Yukari sighed sadly.
Mitsuru, Minato, Fuuka, Yukari, and Aigis were all standing at the ready by the doors to the
dorms. Junpei sprinted up to them with his properly closed suitcase and a few pieces of
laundry in his arms.
“I hate packing!” Junpei cried out. “I hate Kyoto!”
“Why are you going if you hate it so much?” Chidori asked.
“Because–” Junpei huffed, dropping all his items onto the ground. “Actually, no. I’ve already
explained it to you.”
“I think Kyoto is a nice place,” Ken said. “They have these really delicious snacks. Try to
bring me some.”
Minato nodded solemnly. “On it.”
“It’ll be quiet without you guys,” Shinjiro said. “Try not to get up to too much trouble
without me.”
“Well, you know me,” Akihiko said. His exhausted voice held very little gusto. “I just love
getting into trouble.”
At that moment, someone rhythmically knocked on the doors. Minato’s eyes widened, and he
opened it.
“Hey guys!” Ryoji said, entering the dorms with an easy-going smile on his face. “Ready for
the trip?”
“I thought you were going to meet us at the station,” Minato said.
“I got bored.” Ryoji put on a winning smile.
Aigis glared at Ryoji like he was death itself. “We do not require your assistance.”
Ryoji whistled. “As cold as always, I see,” he said. “I’m sorry for whatever I did to offend
you, Aigis-chan.” He gave Akechi a wave. “Hello, there, Akechi-kun!”
Akechi sighed and waved back. He was too tired for this, but Ryoji was already approaching.

“I didn’t realize you lived in the dorms,” Ryoji said. “It kind of puts Minato’s stories into
perspective, though.”
“What stories?” Akechi asked, glaring at Minato. Minato looked away, wearing an innocent
expression.
“All good things,” Ryoji said quickly. “Why do two elementary school students live in these
dorms anyway?”
“Um, it’s a long story,” Ken said. “You guys should probably hurry to get to the train on
time.”
Ryoji frowned and glanced at his watch. “What? But it’s only five thirty in the morning.”
“Your watch is incorrect,” Chidori said.
Ryoji’s eyes widened when he saw Chidori, and his flirtatious grin returned to his face.
“Maybe after this trip, you and I can–”
“It’s fifteen minutes until seven.”
“It’s what?” Ryoji jumped, his face growing pale. “We’re going to be late!”
The girls had already left when nobody was paying attention. Minato, Akihiko, Junpei, and
Ryoji all sprinted from the dorms, loudly dragging their luggage behind them.

Shinjiro, Ken, Chidori, and Akechi all stared at each other after they had gone. The
scratching of Chidori’s pencil against the page of her sketchbook was extremely loud in the
silence.
“You’re right, Shinjiro-kun,” Ken finally said. “It is quiet without them.”
“I hope you aren’t too short on people for guard duty,” Chidori said.
“I think we’ll manage,” Shinjiro said. “Me and Koromaru are more than enough for the job.”
Chidori sighed and stood up. “In that case, I will be returning to my room now. The quiet is
more comfortable there.”
Koromaru followed her upstairs. Akechi was grateful that at least one pair of eyes would be
on her bedroom door. While Strega almost never made a move in broad daylight, Akechi’s
kidnapping being an exception, it was better safe than sorry.
Ken and Akechi hurried to school. Just because the high schoolers were fortunate enough to
have the next few days off did not mean that school halted for everyone.
“Hi guys,” Emiko said when they met up as they always did. She had brightened up
considerably since the death of Momo. Occasionally, however, Ken and Akechi would say

something to upset her on accident, and they would spend the rest of the day trying to make it
up to her.
On that particular day, however, Emiko already looked upset. She wasn’t smiling, and her
eyes were unusually downcast.
“What’s wrong, Emiko-kun?” Ken asked.
“Oh, it’s nothing,” Emiko sighed. “I just saw this really sad movie about a dog, and it
reminded me of Momo and how sad I was, and…” She sniffed.
“I’m sorry, Emiko-kun,” Akechi said. “How about we go to the Takoyaki stand after school?
My treat.”
Emiko brightened. “Really?”
“Yeah!” Ken said. “We can experiment with flavors too!”
“That sounds like fun! Maybe we can even get Akechi to do the Russian roulette Takoyaki.”
Akechi regretted his life choices, but at least Emiko was happier.
She would not stay that way.

Chapter End Notes

And just like that Chidori joins the chat.
And what is that??? Character growth?? From Akechi???
I hope you enjoyed, please be nice in the comments, and thank you for reading! <3
Also happy 2024.

Chapter 34: November 18–19, 2009
Chapter Summary

It's the Emiko Chapter folks.
But Emiko is a sweet girl who doesn't want to be the main character. Unlike Junpei.
Learn from Emiko, Junpei. Only Akechi can be the main character.

Chapter Notes

tw: sibling drama, attempted murder, violence
Happy 200k words!

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The next morning, Emiko’s expression was somehow more miserable than before. Akechi
tried to recall if anything had happened while they hung out that afternoon, but the only thing
of note was Akechi having to restrain himself from swearing as overly spicy takoyaki burned
his mouth. Emiko was about as cheerful as ever by the time they parted ways.
“Emiko-kun?” Akechi prompted.
“My sister is really mean,” Emiko said. Tears filled her eyes as her expression became more
sullen. “We got into a fight yesterday.”
“A fight?” Ken asked. “What sort of fight?”
Emiko balled her hands into fists. “I–I was telling her about the takoyaki we had,” she said.
“And how Akechi wore that really funny expression when he ate the super spicy stuff.”
Akechi bristled. “It wasn’t that funny.”
“It was pretty funny,” Ken said.
Emiko giggled, but the mirth in her eyes quickly faded. “And, then, out of nowhere, she
started yelling at me! She talked about how all I did was talk or cry, and I was really
ungrateful because I got to spend more time with Momo than she did anyway. And that I
should focus more on studying instead of goofing off, because that was what she had to do all
day long, and it was really unfair!”

Ken scowled. “That is unfair! What does that have to do with anything?”
“I don’t know!” Emiko said. “I told her that it was her own fault she studied all day without
spending any time with me or Momo. And she said that she was doing it so that she could
help people, and that I didn’t understand how hard entrance exams were.”
“I’m sorry she said that to you,” Akechi said.
“And then, then,” Emiko wailed, “she said it was all my fault that Mom is dead. She said she
wished I was never born!”
Emiko started crying in earnest, and Ken gently patted her shoulder. Akechi wasn’t sure what
to do but to be in shocked awe at the pure audacity in Emiko’s sister’s words.
“Don’t listen to her,” Ken said. “She’s just an ass.”
Emiko sniffed. “You shouldn’t say that. You’ll get in trouble.”
“Um, well, she’s just a jerk, then,” Ken said. “You’re amazing, got that?”
“Y-yeah.” Emiko’s breathing hitched as she tried to scrub the tears away from her eyes.
“You’re right.”
A terrible pit formed in Akechi’s stomach as a thought came to him. It was absurd, almost
unthinkable, and yet…
She said she wished I was never born!
Akechi only learned of Strega’s revenge site by seeing it open on her sister’s computer. But
surely, surely, Emiko’s sister wouldn’t do something as stupid and cruel as request a hit on
her own sister.
Then again, people did horrible things when they were angry. Akechi would know.
“This might be a bit forward of me,” Akechi said, his mind moving frantically. “But maybe
we should come to your house to defend your honor against your sister.”
Akechi didn’t remember the address to Emiko’s house. This lack of information could prove
disastrous if Akechi’s theory was correct.
“I don’t think that’s necessary,” Emiko said, scrubbing her eyes with her fists. “I’m sure
she’ll get over it in a few days.”
“A few days?!” Ken exclaimed. “She stays mean for a few days?”
“Well, no, she just stays in her room for longer,” Emiko said. “She might not like it if you
guys came over anyway.”
“We don’t have to confront her, then,” Akechi said. “But, um, my friend has been teaching
me to cook. We could bake cookies together as a peace offering to her.”

Emiko hesitated. “Well, she does like cookies,” she conceded. “I suppose we could give it a
try.”
Well, it was a start.

Akechi wasn’t much of a baker, but he knew how to follow basic recipes. Ken and Emiko
were able to follow along well enough. At the very least, the cookies didn’t turn out to be a
charred mess of nothing.
When they were done, Emiko delivered some of the cookies to her sister’s bedroom. She
knocked on the door quietly, looking tentative.
“Ai?” she asked. “Are you in there?”
“I’m busy,” Emiko’s sister, Ai, said. Her voice was as irritated as ever.
“We made cookies for you,” Emiko said. “As a peace offering.”
Thumping came from the room, and the door cracked open. Ai was scowling as she looked at
the cookies on the plate Emiko held out to her.
“Do you really think cookies are going to fix this?” she asked.
“No…” Emiko looked sadly at the tray. “But I thought it would be nice.”
Ai grabbed the plate and slammed the door shut. Truly a display of sisterly compassion. It
was still more than Akechi expected. Maybe he was jumping to conclusions about this entire
situation.
“That was… something,” Ken said.
“I said some pretty mean things yesterday too,” Emiko admitted as she joined them in the
kitchen to clean up. “Um, I said that she doesn’t have any friends because she was a stuck-up
—um… well, I heard the word on television and thought…”
Emiko sighed as she ran the cookie sheet underneath the faucet. “I’m sorry.”
“Did you apologize to her?” Ken asked.
“I tried to!” Emiko said defensively. “But she said all those terrible things immediately after,
and I–I forgot.”
“Maybe you should try to talk to her later,” Ken said reluctantly. “No pressure or anything.”
“She’s the oldest,” Akechi said bluntly. “She should be mature enough to come to you first.”
Not that it was ever how that worked.
Emiko didn’t look like she felt better about the situation.

When they arrived back at the dorms that evening, Akechi turned to Ken with his deadliest
expression.
“You are to stay in the dorms tonight,” Akechi said.
“What?” Ken asked, looking confused. “Where are you going?”
“I need to talk to Shinjiro.” Akechi began marching up the stairs. Ken hastened to follow.
“You can’t leave me hanging like this! Where are you going?”
“Can’t you trust me?”
“Not if you’re going to keep secrets!”
Akechi bit back a sigh. “Fine. I have reason to believe that Emiko’s sister might have put
Emiko’s name in Strega’s revenge website. I’m going to ask Shinjiro to help me stake out the
apartment.”
Ken’s expression became slack. “You’re kidding, right? The argument wasn’t even that bad!”
Ken hummed. “Okay, it was pretty bad if Emiko called her sister a bitch…and her sister said
she wished Emiko wasn’t born. But it doesn’t warrant death!”
“Teenagers do stupid things when they’re angry,” Akechi said. “And maybe I’m wrong. But I
don’t want to take any risks.”
“O-okay,” Ken said. “But let me come too!”
“No.”
“Why not?!” Ken grabbed Akechi by the shoulder, nearly yanking him backwards down the
stairs. “I can fight!”
“I know you can,” Akechi said. “You’re an excellent fighter under ordinary circumstances.
But over half the team is gone, Ken. They’re at Kyoto!”
“And you think that changes anything?” Ken looked about ready to shove Akechi. “You and
Shinjiro are just going to leave me alone?”
Akechi was panicking. He couldn’t let Ken face off against Strega, even with Shinjiro by his
side. Sure, they won the fight against Jin and Takaya at their full force, but that was with
multiple people providing healing and buffs to the entire party. Ken was smaller, younger. He
naturally had less health and stamina, and there was no working around that. If Jin’s grenades
landed in just the right way–
Maybe Akechi was being paranoid. He didn’t care.
“It’s too dangerous,” Akechi said, trying to stay calm.

“You’ll be there too–”
“Ken, listen to me for a damn second!” Akechi snapped. “Stop acting like an immature child
and take this seriously.”
Ken’s expression darkened. “Is that really how you see me?”
Akechi took a deep breath. “You’re behaving like one right now,” he said. “Listen. Chidori
still needs guarding. You and Koromaru will stay here and hold the fort. Shinjiro and I will
protect Emiko. I’m counting on you.”
“Chidori’s barely a threat,” Ken muttered.
“She is plenty of a threat,” Akechi snapped. “If I didn’t need Shinjiro’s help, I would leave all
three of you here. If she catches wind that only you and Koromaru are in the building, she
might try to escape.”
Ken stood perfectly still, staring at Akechi stoically. “Emiko’s my friend too, you know.”
“If this goes wrong…” Akechi grabbed Ken by the shoulder. “I can’t lose two friends, got
that? Guard Chidori.”
“Fine,” Ken bit out. “Just… fine. But if you don’t save her, and I know I could have been
there, I’ll…”
“You can kill me all you’d like tomorrow,” Akechi said. He refused to acknowledge the
possibility of failure. “I need to talk to Shinjiro.”

The night air was especially cold as they stood outside Emiko’s apartment building. Akechi
envied Shinjiro’s heavy jacket, although it didn’t seem to be doing much for him. The crisp
air only seemed to trigger Shinjiro’s coughing, and it echoed down the quiet street.
“Quiet down,” Akechi snapped. The coughing was making a racket, and it was putting
Akechi on edge. He didn’t enjoy a constant reminder of Shinjiro’s failing health.
Shinjiro made an irritated noise from the back of his throat. “It’s not like I can control it.”
All of a sudden, Akechi’s phone began ringing. Akechi swore as he pulled it out. Midnight
was only a few minutes away, and Akechi couldn’t get distracted by social calls.
It was Emiko.
Akechi hung up.
“A friend?” Shinjiro asked.
“It was no one,” Akechi said as he shoved his phone back into his pocket.

“Akechi-kun!”
The door to the building opened. Emiko wore red flannel pajamas that reminded Akechi
bizarrely enough of the Shujin uniform. She stared at Akechi with an extremely perplexed
expression.
“What are you doing out here?” she asked.
Akechi put on his best grin. “Emiko-kun,” he said. “I was just going on a walk with my
friend, that’s all.”
“At midnight?” Emiko frowned as she looked up at Shinjiro. “Is your friend the one that was
coughing really loudly?”
“You should go inside,” Shinjiro said, not answering the question.
“Well, I don’t want to catch a cold…” Emiko still looked confused. “Is that a sword? Why
are you really out here–”
Emiko couldn’t be out there during the Dark Hour. it would only make Strega’s job far easier.
“It’s none of your business,” he said. “Go back to sleep.”
Emiko’s eyes flashed with hurt. “Well, fine–”
She transmogrified into a coffin, leaving the apartment doors propped open. Akechi’s heart
sank.
“Can we move it?” Akechi asked.
“Not unless you want to accidentally take her out of it,” Shinjiro said. “We’ll just guard the
damn thing.”
Akechi pinched the bridge of his nose. This was already going horribly.
Strega didn’t show any indication of their coming for the first half of the Dark Hour. Akechi
paced back and forth in front of Emiko’s coffin. Trying to stay calm. If Strega didn’t come,
that was a good thing. Ken hadn’t called yet, which meant nothing had happened at the
dorms. Peace was good.
Or it was just the calm before the storm.
“Stop pacing,” Shinjiro said. “You’re giving me a headache.”
“Maybe if you kept better track of your health, you wouldn’t have so many issues,” Akechi
snarled.
“Hey, I’m the one helping you–”

“As entertaining as this is, I’m afraid I have to cut it short,” Takaya said, appearing from the
alleyway across from them. Why did he always insist on making such a roundabout entrance?
Did he enjoy making Akechi want to jump out of his skin?
Probably.
Jin trailed behind him, glowering at Akechi. “You shot Chidori, you lying brat.”
Shinjiro was generous enough to ignore Akechi’s involuntary flinch. “She was trying to steal
said gun from me,” Akechi said. “She’s recovered, if that’s any consolation to you.”
“Actually, I’m sad to say that Chidori might be completely lost,” Takaya sighed. “But she
isn’t why we came here tonight.”
“I hope not,” Shinjiro said. “If so, you have the wrong address.”
“Hilarious,” Takaya said dryly. “Now, if you’ll kindly get out of our way, we have work to
do.”
“Take another step, and you get a sword through your gut,” Akechi said.
“Oh, I’m so scared,” Jin said mockingly, already pulling out one of his grenades. “Do you
really want to test that?”
In a fit of panicked rage, Akechi threw his sword straight at Jin’s face. It veered off course–
Akechi had no experience in throwing swords–and gave Jin a nasty gash on his cheek. Jin’s
aim was equally disrupted, and the grenade landed five feet away from them. Shinjiro pushed
Akechi away just as the blast went off.
“Now we match,” Akechi said, smiling pleasantly.
“You–”
Takaya held his hand out in front of Jin. “I don’t wish to fight you, Goro,” he said. “Just
allow us to do our job.”
Akechi laughed bitterly. “I don’t think so.”
Shinjiro sprinted forward, heaving his axe into the air. Takaya barely stepped out of the way
in time. He collapsed to his knees and began summoning his persona. Akechi summoned
Hereward. Almighty magic blasted Takaya away from Shinjiro.
Akechi sprinted forward to pick up his sword. He sliced Takaya in the abdomen, and Takaya
let out a small gasp as blood stained his pale skin.
“Well done,” Takaya said before summoning his persona again. Bufudyne froze Akechi into
place. “But I’m not done yet.”
Shinjiro pushed Takaya out of the way of Akechi, who was still encased in ice. Hot fury
boiled inside Akechi as he tried to break free, but it was no use. Shinjiro was rolling out of

the way of one of Takaya’s attacks, still making sure he protected Akechi from any hits.
“Jin, is it the target?” Takaya called out.
Akechi’s heart stuttered. How foolish could he get? He had grown so accustomed to Takaya
being the true threat that he forgot Jin was also competent. From his position, he barely
managed to see Emiko collapsing out of her coffin, staring up at Jin with a dazed expression.
“What’s going on?” she asked.
“She’s the one,” Jin said. He was already pulling the pin from his grenade. “This won’t be
pretty–”
Akechi broke free of the ice. With a frantic cry, he sprinted forward and pushed Jin out of the
way. Jin tried to throw the grenade forward, but then Shinjiro was there, creating a human
barrier in front of Akechi and Emiko.
A burst of heat exploded, and Akechi grabbed Emiko tightly by the arms.
“Akechi-kun?” Emiko asked. “What–what’s going on? Why is the sky green?”
“Don’t worry about it,” Akechi said, pushing Emiko inside. “Just hide in your room, okay?”
“What–”
“Just listen to me!”
Emiko nodded and ran back inside without another word. Shinjiro had already collapsed due
to his injuries, and Akechi cast samarecarm.
Just as he healed Shinjiro, Takaya took the opening to strike Akechi with ziodyne. Electricity
coursed through Akechi’s entire body in a sharp burst, and he stumbled backwards with a
sharp cry.
“Where are all your friends?” Jin asked. “Are they too busy for you?’
Akechi grit his teeth as he tried to aim his sword toward Jin. His arm shook. “I don’t need
friends.”
Shinjiro pushed Akechi backwards. “Let me handle this.”
Before Akechi could argue, Shinjiro summoned his persona. Multiple physical wounds
sprouted on both Jin and Takaya, and they fell back.
“Why are you both wasting your time for one little girl?” Jin demanded.
“I will die before I let you have your way,” Akechi said, baring his teeth. “Isn’t that enough?”
“Then, allow me to personally send you to hell!” Jin pulled out a grenade. Akechi tensed, his
muscles set to dodge. Shinjiro threw an arm in front of Akechi’s body.

“Enough,” Takaya said, grabbing Jin by the wrist. “Jin. We have better things to do than fight
these fools.”
Jin rounded toward Takaya furiously. “Are you kidding me right now?”
“It is as you said.” Takaya grimaced as he nursed one of his injuries. “It is just one measly
little girl.”
“But our reputation!”
“Jin,” Takaya snapped. “That’s enough.” He flashed Shinjiro and Akechi a sly smile. “You
win this time, Goro. Next time, I assure you, I will not be nearly so unprepared.”

Thou art I… and I am thou
The connection that you have nurtured has been transformed

Thy bond shall be the compass of redemption
and break the yoke of thy heart

The power of the Hermit Arcana has been set free
Granting thee ultimate power

Takaya and Jin were already walking away. Akechi could barely comprehend what had even
just happened.
“What just happened?” Akechi asked.
“Funny, I was just about to ask the same thing,” Shinjiro said, glaring suspiciously in Jin and
Takaya’s direction. They were already disappearing into the shadows. “If I didn’t know
better, I’d say Takaya didn’t want you to die.”
“As if Jin could kill me,” Akechi snapped. He didn’t even want to entertain that notion.
“Goro?”
Akechi turned around to see Emiko peeking her head out the door again. “Is it safe now?”
Akechi frowned and glanced back at the alley Strega had disappeared into. “More or less.”

Emiko relaxed. “Good. I was worried.” She scowled. “Now will you please tell me what’s
going on?”
Akechi swallowed and glanced at Shinjiro. Would an explanation even be helpful? It wasn’t
as though Emiko would remember any of this happening in the morning.
“I’m a time traveler,” Akechi said in a sarcastic voice.
“Very funny.” Emiko rolled her eyes. “What’s really happening? Does this have something to
do with the cut on your face?”
Akechi put on a plastic smile. It almost hurt to wear. “I’ll explain everything tomorrow
morning,” he said. “You should go to bed.”
Emiko shook her head. “Nice try, but I know that lying face! What’s going on?”
“Just tell her the truth,” Shinjiro sighed.
So Akechi did. He told her everything. The Dark Hour. His past. The only detail he omitted
was the fact that Emiko’s sister was likely the one who asked Strega to kill her in the first
place.
After Akechi finished, Emiko stared at Akechi with wide eyes. “Are you sure we’re not in an
anime?” she asked, looking around.
“Pretty sure,” Shinjiro snorted.
“Wow.” Emiko stood up and dusted off her pajama pants with an unsettled expression.
Akechi would be unsettled too if he learned that he turned into a coffin every night. “That
was… a lot. I think I want to go to sleep now.”
“Good night, Emiko-kun,” Akechi said tiredly.
“Does Ken know about all this?” she asked.
“Yes.”
“Then, I guess we’ll have something exciting to talk about tomorrow morning,” she said,
wearing a shaky smile. “Goodnight.”
She entered her apartment at last. Akechi wearily glanced up at the moon.
Akechi didn’t bother to question why Emiko wasn’t disturbed by Akechi’s past. It probably
didn’t even feel real to her.
If she hadn’t just witnessed the Dark Hour, she probably wouldn’t have believed him anyway.
Strength Arcana: Rank 8

Emiko hugged him that morning. Akechi stiffened, but he didn’t push her away.
“What’s the occasion?” he asked. Surely she hadn’t remembered the events of the night
before?
“You’ve just been such a wonderful friend,” she said. “I woke up with an overwhelming
feeling, you know?”
No, Akechi didn’t know. “I think Ken is feeling left out,” he said in the hopes of diverting
Emiko’s affection. Any more hugging, and Akechi might accidentally break down.
“Oh, um, don’t worry about it,” Ken said, shaking his head.
Emiko did not let go of Akechi, unfortunately. Instead, she grabbed Ken’s arm and pulled
him into a group hug.
“Don’t stop being my friends, alright?” she asked.
Akechi’s eyes burned. It had been so long since he had been hugged. The sheer amount of
warmth was overwhelming.
“Of course not,” he said tensely. “But if we stay in this position for long, we’re going to be
late for school, so if you don’t mind…”
Emiko finally let go of him. Akechi took multiple large steps back. “Oh, sorry!” she said. “I
should have given you your personal space.”
“All is forgiven,” Akechi said, looking away. The warmth hadn’t gone away. “Let’s just hurry
up and get to school.”

After school, Akechi made an excuse to depart from Emiko and Ken and run to the high
school. Ai was just a first year if she wasn’t at the school trip. Akechi might be able to corner
her.
Sure enough, Akechi spotted Ai leaving the school gates on her own, with no friends to speak
of by her side. Her expression was cold, but she hugged her books tightly to her chest.
Akechi walked up to her with one of his most poisonous grins.
“Yamamoto-senpai,” he said. “Could I speak to you for a moment?”
She gave Akechi a confused look before striding past him. "Sorry,” she said. “I don’t have
time for elementary schoolers.”
Akechi followed her. “Actually, this is about Emiko-kun.”
Ai stopped her tracks. She turned around and inspected Akechi more closely. “You’re…
you’re one of her friends, aren’t you? You were at the apartment the other day.”

“I saw something very interesting on your laptop a few months ago,” Akechi said.
Ai frowned. “What is this about?”
“Have you heard of a revenge website, Yamamoto-senpai?”
Ai froze. Her cold expression held a glimmer of fear. “I’ve heard the rumors. Why?”
“Did you possibly request your own sister a few days ago?”
Ai dropped her books. Akechi didn’t help her pick them up as she bent over. “I don’t know
what you’re talking about,” she said when she finally collected them all. “I would never do
such a thing.”
“You were in a fight with Emiko-kun a few days ago, weren’t you?” Akechi asked. “You said
you wished she wasn’t born.”
“We both said a lot of things that day,” Ai snapped. “You wouldn’t understand. My dad has to
work twice as hard to take care of us, and she wastes her time hanging out with lowlifes like
you.”
Akechi clenched his fists. “This lowlife has been helping your sister study,” Akechi said. “If
that’s really what’s so important to you–”
“If we don’t get good grades, we can’t get good jobs, which means more work for dad.” Ai
glared at him. “I was reminding her of her priorities, and she got mad at me. I may have
crossed the line, but she did too.”
“I don’t give a damn about your stupid argument,” Akechi said, even though that wasn’t
remotely true. It wasn’t Emiko’s fault her mother died due to complications in childbirth.
“Did you or did you not request your sister to be killed?”
“Why would I do that?” Ai demanded.
Akechi didn’t think before demanding, “Why did I have to save Emiko’s life yesterday?”
Ai rolled her eyes. “You’re so full of shit.”
“Answer the question.”
Ai’s expression faltered. “Look. I was really angry, so I opened up the site. But that was it. I
closed my laptop immediately after and closed the tab yesterday at school. I didn’t even
begin typing, because contrary to what you believe, I’m not a murderer.”
“Why did you have it open a few months ago?”
“Because there was a cheating brat in my class,” Ai said. “I didn’t type his name either if
you’re desperate to know. Happy?”

“Not remotely,” Akechi said. It was clear she wasn’t going to let go of that story, and he was
tired of pressing.
“Well, I’m leaving,” she said. Ai gave him a look that was probably meant to be intimidating.
To an ordinary eleven-year-old, maybe it would have been. “Tell anyone about this, and I’ll
ruin you.”
She started storming away.
“Emiko loves you,” Akechi blurted out. Ai’s pace faltered. “Do you really want to waste
that?”
Akechi had known what it meant to be unloved. He had a feeling that Ai thought she did too.
Akechi started walking to the station. A familiar man bumped into him, and Akechi felt an
unfamiliar slip of paper enter his pocket. Akechi pulled it out immediately.
Don’t you just hate sibling rivalries? :)
Akechi crumpled up the piece of paper while glaring furiously at Tsuyoshi’s retreating figure.
He wanted to chase after him, but Akechi had a feeling that it wouldn't end spectacularly for
him.
Maybe Ai was telling the truth. Maybe Tsuyoshi was the one who asked Strega to kill Emiko
as a way to get to Akechi. It certainly seemed in line with what he had done before.
But what the hell was his goal?

“My sister apologized today,” Emiko told him while they waited for class to start. She stared
at her desk contemplatively. “She said that she shouldn’t have been so unfair to me.”
“What did you say to her?” Akechi asked.
“I said that it was okay.” Emiko shrugged. “I don’t know if I really meant it. I apologized too,
though. For being rude.”
“That’s very mature of you.”
“Well, things are still really tense.” Emiko began to draw circles on her desk with her finger.
“My dad told us that we needed to get along better.”
“He can tell you two are fighting?”
“We’re not very subtle.” Emiko said reluctantly. “She said that she’s mean because she wants
us to help our dad, and she takes studying medicine so seriously so she can prevent other
people’s mothers from dying. Do you think that’s true?”

Akechi hesitated. He could be completely honest and say that Emiko’s sister was using her
father as an excuse. But that probably wasn’t entirely fair either.
“I think she believes it’s true,” Akechi said.
“Well, maybe she’s sometimes right.” Emiko nodded. “I’ll try to be nicer… and quieter when
she’s studying, even though my dad told her she’s too young to worry about college entrance
exams. But I’m not going to let her be rude to me either. She told me that I could tell her
whenever she hurt my feelings, so that’s what I’m going to do.”
Akechi was surprised that Ai decided to go so far. Maybe Akechi got through to her after all.
That would be a refreshing change.
“I’m glad you two are trying to get along more,” Akechi said. He was surprised to realize he
meant it.
Emiko smiled. Her shoulders slumped. Was she relieved to be back on manageable terms
with her sister? “Me too.” She frowned. “Have you ever had to forgive someone before?”
Akechi hesitated. “Not to such an extent,” he said. “And the people I don’t intend to forgive
have never asked for it.”
“Wow.” Emiko’s eyes widened. “It doesn’t get a little tiring to be mad at that person all the
time?”
“I try to put them out of my mind,” Akechi said. “But anger is a powerful motivator.”
“I guess it is.” Emiko cracked another small smile. “Well, I know that I think I’ve realized
something about my sister.”
“And what’s that?”
“She loves me,” she said. “And she loved Momo. And I love her and Momo. So I think I’m
going to try my hardest to get along with her.”
Akechi had never been able to say those first three words with utmost confidence. Nobody
loved him. Not unconditionally. Not even conditionally.
But if Emiko was able to believe that her sister loved her, then something must be going
right. Especially after such a terrible argument.
“I wish you the best.”
Emiko nodded, wearing a nervous expression. “Me too.”
Strength Arcana: Rank 9

Chapter End Notes

Takaya doesn't do attachments, but he does do investments, and he's still hoping goro
will see things his way to the point that he'd rather not kill him.
And see! Things are looking up for Emiko and her sister! Sometimes all you need to
heal a relationship is a Really Really bad argument and a near-death experience! :D
(there's truth in that actually)
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments! <3
Next chapter is ryoji centric. Look forward to that.

Chapter 35: November 20–30, 2009
Chapter Summary

ITS RYOJI TIME BABY

Chapter Notes

tw: death, guns, blood, injury, ptsd, i think thats it?

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“What are you drawing?” Ken asked.
Chidori slammed her hand against her sketchbook before hiding the page against her chest.
“It’s nothing,” she said, defensively curling deeper into the lounge’s armchair.
Akechi wasn’t one for prying, but he had a suspicion he knew the subject of Chidori’s
artwork.
“I’m sure you’re very excited for Junpei to arrive back from Kyoto today,” Akechi said.
“Things are certainly livelier with him around.”
“You don’t have to say it so disdainfully,” Chidori said. “And I think my feelings are none of
your business.”
“Of course.”
“Are you kids fighting?” Shinjiro asked as he entered the lounge, returning from a walk with
Koromaru.
“We’re talking about Junpei,” Ken said. “And how much Chidori likes–
“I am not indulging this,” Chidori said, standing up abruptly. “I am not an immature child.”
“No, you’re a very mature teenager,” Shinjiro said sarcastically. “They’re not going to be
back for another hour.”
“I know that,” Chidori snapped. “You are all insufferable.”
“Consider it our revenge,” Akechi said dryly.

Almost exactly an hour later, Junpei burst into the lounge with a wide grin. “Is Chidori here?”
“No, she’s at the takoyaki stand,” Akechi said sarcastically.
“Ha, ha, very funny,” Junpei said, rolling his eyes. “I brought her a souvenir. Do you know
where she is?”
“Probably her bedroom,” Shinjiro said.
“You’re not keeping track?” Mitsuru asked sharply, appearing from behind Junpei with the
others.
“Relax,” he said. “All of the windows are locked. “We’d have heard the sound of shattering
glass if she tried to escape. I’m sure she’s hiding in her room like she always is.”
Minato nodded. “Cool.”
Junpei lifted his entire suitcase and began sprinting up the stairs. Akechi hoped that Junpei
would have enough common sense to drop his stuff off at his room before lugging his
suitcase all the way up to the third floor.
“How was the trip?” Ken asked Minato, wearing a hopeful expression on his face.
“We brought the rest of you souvenirs too, don’t worry,” Fuuka said. She pulled a small
package from the top zipper of her suitcase pocket. “You were the one who wanted the namayatsuhashi, right Ken-kun?”
“Yes!” Ken snatched it from her hands and bowed deeply. “Thank you very much.”
Akihiko tossed Shinjiro a small package. “I got Konpeito for you. The gift shop didn’t leave
much to choose from.”
“Works for me,” Shinjiro said, already opening his package.
Yukari, Fuuka, and Mitsuru dragged their bags up the stairs as Ryoji of all people approached
Akechi.
“You do realize you don’t live in this dorm, right?” Akechi asked.
“Yeah, yeah,” Ryoji said. “Is there anything wrong with spending time with all of my new
best friends?”
“I find it kind of strange that you’re at the dorm with your suitcase, yes,” Akechi said.
“Judge all you’d like, but beware,” Ryoji said. “Because I was the one in charge of getting
your souvenir.”
Akechi raised his eyebrows. “You were what?”

“Okay, that’s not really true,” Ryoji sighed. “Minato was in charge of getting you a gift, but
he had no idea what to get you, and I figured I could try.”
“But we barely know each other.”
“Sorry,” Minato said, looking embarrassed. “I’m bad at gifts.”
“It’s fine,” Akechi said. “I wasn’t expecting anything anyway. I’m surprised you thought to
give me anything at all.”
“Man, even after watching Amada-kun and Aragaki-senpai get those cool gifts,” Ryoji said,
shaking his head and tutting. “You should be more optimistic.”
“I really don’t think so,” Akechi said. “So? What’s this gift?”
Ryoji rummaged through his suitcase before procuring a small, red origami crane. “Ta-da!”
“It’s a crane,” Akechi observed, taking it.
“Kyoto has some good origami paper,” Ryoji said. “And Minato told me the legend of the
thousand origami cranes. Do you know it? If you fold one thousand of them–”
“Your wish comes true,” Akechi interrupted. “Yes, I know it.”
When Akechi had been young and naive, he had tried to fold one thousand paper cranes for
the sake of his mother. Of course, he couldn’t afford to waste paper, so he used pieces of old
homework assignments instead. In the end, he’d probably only succeeded in folding fifty.
“I’ve already folded twenty of them,” Ryoji said. “So I thought I’d give one to you. Here, you
can have some extra Kyoto origami paper too!”
Akechi took a few slips of origami paper. Although Akechi wasn’t particularly interested in
origami or old legends, there was something so deeply personal about the gift that he couldn’t
help but to feel touched.
“Thank you very much, Mochizuki-senpai,” Akechi said with a bow.
“No problem. Uh, and please. Call me Ryoji.” Ryoji fiddled with a ring on his finger. “How
about this? The three of us can work together to get to one-thousand, and then we can share
the wish. That’s only three hundred thirty-three cranes each, right?”
“Only,” Minato said with an eye roll.
That night, Akechi placed his paper crane next to Taiyaki’s fish bowl. And as if in an old
memory, Akechi slowly folded another crane to place by its side.
It wasn’t nearly as neatly folded as Ryoji’s crane. Clearly, the practice had done Ryoji’s
craftsmanship some good.

Then, Akechi realized how ridiculous he was being. What, did he want to fold one thousand
cranes so that he could see Akira again? How ludicrous was that?
He put the other two pieces of paper in a drawer and tried his best to forget about it.
Lovers Arcana: Rank 2

The next day, Ryoji came by to hang out with Minato. Junpei mentioned some other plans
with him later that day, though, so it was good to know that Minato wasn’t Ryoji’s only
friend.
“Hey, Akechi-kun,” Ryoji said as he entered. “How’s it going?”
“About the same as it was yesterday,” Akechi said. “Are you sure you don’t live here?”
“Maybe I will,” Ryoji said. “How has your crane progress been? I made another ten during
class today.”
“You know, you’re meant to pay attention during class,” Akechi said, ignoring the question.
“Yeah, but why would you do that when you could be folding cranes instead?”
Akechi’s eyes landed on Ryoji’s ring. Ryoji was still fidgeting with it, twisting it on his
finger.
“Did you always have that ring?” Akechi asked, curious despite himself. “It looks new.”
“Well done, ace detective Akechi,” Ryoji said. He took it off to show Akechi. “I bought it at
one of the souvenir shops.”
“A nondescript ring?” Akechi asked.
“It might seem like some boring ring to you,” Ryoji said. “But I had a really good time on the
trip. I bought it so that every time I looked at it, it would remind me of all of those good
memories.”
“That’s extremely sentimental,” Akechi said.
“And why not?” Ryoji asked. “I think rings bind memories to the wearer. That’s why I
decided to buy it. It gives me some comfort when I’m alone.”
Well, Akechi wasn’t going to ridicule Ryoji for wearing something that made him happy.
However, he couldn’t help but to ask, “Do you have any other mementos with happy
memories attached to them?”
Ryoji frowned, furrowing his eyebrows. “No… I guess not,” he said. He chuckled. “It’s kind
of strange, huh? My time outside of Iwatodai sort of feels like a dream. But everything
here… it’s really amazing. I don’t want to ever go back.”

Akechi glanced in the direction of the stairs, and he saw Minato heading down. “Well, don’t
allow me to get in the way of your outing,” he said.
“Are you ready to go?” Ryoji asked Minato.
Minato nodded.
“Bye, then,” Ryoji told Akechi as he and Minato started heading out the door. “You’re pretty
fun to talk to, Akechi-kun.”
“I barely did any of the talking.”
Lovers Arcana: Rank 3

Akechi had been on his run in the park when Ryoji unexpectedly joined his side.
“Wow, what a coincidence!” Ryoji said, huffing and puffing as he ran. “I didn’t know you
went on runs, Akechi-kun!”
Akechi vaguely wondered if Ryoji was following him. It didn’t seem very likely, but even if
he was, Ryoji didn’t seem like much of a threat.
“Yes, I do,” Akechi said shortly.
“I only just started,” Ryoji admitted, gasping for breath. “This is my first mile.”
“Maybe if you talked less, you’d do better,” Akechi pointed out.
“That’s a good point.” Ryoji stopped talking until he finally had to walk halfway through his
second mile.
Akechi already completed his workout, so he walked alongside Ryoji.
“Minato recommended this park to me,” Ryoji said. “I said I wanted to go on a run and enjoy
the scenery.”
“Well, it is a fairly scenic park,” Akechi conceded.
“You ran really well,” Ryoji said. “I hope I’ll have that much stamina one day.”
“As long as you practice, anything is possible.” Akechi drank a sip of water from his water
bottle. “Did you forget to bring water?”
Ryoji’s face fell. “I must have.”
Akechi reluctantly offered his own water to Ryoji. Fortunately, Ryoji only took a sip of it
before handing it back to Akechi.
“I don’t want to drink all of it,” he said. “You worked harder than I did.”

“Thank you,” Akechi said. Then, because he lacked any other source of conversation, he
added, “How are the paper cranes coming?”
“I think I’ve reached one hundred,” Ryoji said. “Pretty good, huh? Minato said he only made
ten so far, which is kind of a let-down. But maybe it doesn’t work if multiple people do it
anyway.”
“I’m sure I don’t know,” Akechi said. “It’s just a myth.”
“I like to believe there’s truth in myths,” Ryoji said. “Besides, if we can work together to fold
one thousand cranes, what else are we capable of? It kind of makes you think, doesn’t it?”
“Paper cranes do not equate to other life skills.”
“Well, I guess you’re right about that.” Ryoji chuckled half-heartedly. “Minato did say that
you were a practical kid.”
Akechi squinted at Ryoji. “What else does Minato say about me?”
“Oh, he told me a really funny story about, um, what was it?” Ryoji twisted his scarf around
his finger. “Oh yeah! Apparently you stirred rice and got it all over the kitchen?”
Akechi was going to kill Minato.
“I don’t understand why you find ignorance so funny,” Akechi said irritatedly.
“Oh, no, it’s not that.” Ryoji shook his head. “It was funny because I had done the same thing
and ended up with a sticky mess. Minato told me to make me feel better after I came to him
for help. So it was pretty funny to think of you going through the same struggles.”
Akechi wouldn’t exactly call botched rice a struggle.
“Well, Aigis probably can’t even toast her own bread,” Akechi said. He had never seen her
cook, at any rate. Seeing as she was a machine, she never needed to, and Akechi doubted
there was any programming for it. “So you have that over her.”
“Speaking of Aigis,” Ryoji said. “Does she talk about me?”
“No?” Akechi raised his eyebrows. “Don’t tell me you have a crush on her too.”
“Of course not.” Ryoji shook his head quickly. “I mean, she’s extremely pretty, but dating for
the sake of dating gets kind of old.”
“I suppose maturity isn’t a myth after all.”
“Oh, but don’t tell anyone that,” Ryoji said with a wink. “I have a reputation to maintain,
especially after the Kyoto trip.”
“What happened at the Kyoto trip?” Akechi asked warily.

“Oh, well, we weren’t paying attention to the time, and the girls went into the hot springs,
and it was this whole mess,” Ryoji said quickly. “Don’t worry about it.”
Akechi decided that it would be in his best interest to take that particular bit of advice. “Your
secret is safe with me.”
“Anyway, the real reason I was asking was because I get this… feeling… when she’s around,
you know?”
“A feeling?”
“A bad one,” Ryoji clarified. He began fidgeting with his ring again. “Like, um, how do I
describe this?”
“She does keep glaring at you.”
“There is that, but there’s more to it.” Ryoji glanced away with an unsettled expression. “I
feel like… I know her from somewhere else.”
“She does go out in public–”
“No, like, I met her a long time ago.” Ryoji shook his head and chuckled nervously. “You
know what? Just ignore me. I’m probably just being paranoid.”
Akechi didn’t argue with him, but he wasn’t exactly convinced that Ryoji was imagining
things either. If Akechi didn’t know better, he’d say that Aigis certainly remembered Ryoji
from somewhere too. Aigis didn’t just spontaneously hold grudges.
Did this have anything to do with Aigis randomly deciding that protecting Minato was her
core objective?
“Well, I should head back to my place,” Ryoji sighed, stretching his arms behind his back. “I
have homework to get done. We should hang out some other time. Oh, I know, we could go
shopping!”
“Shopping?”
“I saw this really cool store, and I was thinking of maybe buying Minato a gift,” Ryoji said.
“Friends get each other gifts, don’t they?”
“I suppose they do sometimes–”
“Then, you’ll have to help me,” Ryoji decided. “What day are you free?’
“I suppose we can spend time together on Friday–”
“Friday it is.”
Akechi was rapidly feeling like he was having less and less control over his life. Before he
could even begin to argue the point with Ryoji, Ryoji was already running off, shouting about

studying for some sort of science test.
Lovers Arcana: Rank 4

On Friday, Akechi waited for Ryoji in the lounge. Chidori sat in the armchair Ikutsuki used to
love so much, sketching rapidly in one of her sketchbooks. It looked like the new one Junpei
bought for her in Kyoto, and cherry blossom designs were sprawled on the cover.
“What are you drawing?” Akechi asked, feeling tired of the silence.
“I’m working on Minato’s project,” Chidori said. She turned her sketchbook around. The
image was a large watering pool surrounded by lush plants and a few half-formed sketches of
animals drinking from it. It was quite well done. “I don’t have much to do while everyone is
at school, so I’m almost done.”
“I’m surprised you’re even doing this for him,” Akechi said.
Chidori bristled as she turned her sketchbook back toward herself again. “And why’s that?”
“I didn’t get the impression that you liked us very much.”
“Minato is a competent leader,” she said. “And he was willing to let me join the group in
spite of what I did to him. You would not have reacted that way.”
“No, I wouldn’t have,” Akechi agreed. “I also wouldn’t have started doing favors for him if I
were in your shoes.”
“We aren’t the same.” Chidori sniffed. “Besides, Minato said he was going to give the
proceeds to hospitals for researching genetic diseases.”
“And suddenly you care about the public good?”
“Nobody should live their entire lives in hospital rooms,” she snapped.
Ryoji chose that time to knock on the dormitory doors. Akechi got to his feet and let him in.
“I have finally arrived,” Ryoji said. “I meant to text you that I was running late. Do I have
your number?”
Akechi pulled out his phone and allowed Ryoji to put himself in as a contact. Mitsuru had
bought him a new one when she heard that Akechi had burned his.
“Where are you going?” Chidori asked.
“We’re going shopping to buy a present for Minato,” Ryoji said cheerfully. “Do you want to
come with?”
“Why would I want to do that?” Chidori asked.

“You’re Chidori-chan, right?” Ryoji asked. “Junpei talks about you a lot. Maybe you could
get something for him.”
Chidori hesitated. Then, she scowled. “Well, I doubt that Akechi wants me to come along
anyway.”
“If Mitsuru says it’s alright, I’ll be fine with it,” Akechi said begrudgingly. Chidori had ample
opportunity to attack them while the others were at the school trip, and she didn’t even try to
take it. “We can wait.”
Chidori still looked unsure, but she stood up and ran upstairs nonetheless.
“Why does she need Mitsuru-senpai’s permission?” Ryoji asked.
“It’s a long story.”
A few minutes later, Chidori came downstairs. She had changed out of her usual frilly dress
and wore what Akechi assumed to be one of Mitsuru’s spare school uniforms. Chidori didn’t
look thrilled to be wearing it, but it was probably a condition of her participation in the
outing.
“Let’s go,” she said, clutching her sketchbook in her left hand.
Ryoji took them to a strip mall further away from the dorms, and one Akechi personally had
never been to.
“It’s a bit of a walk,” Ryoji admitted as they waited at a crosswalk. “But it’s closer to my
apartment, so I’m more familiar with it.”
“I don’t mind,” Chidori said dispassionately.
“This is the same way to the aquarium,” Akechi observed, recalling the route he took with
Elizabeth, Theodore, and Lavenza.
“Oh, you mean those exhibits with all those fish?” Ryoji asked. “I’d like to see one of those
sometime. What about you, Chidori-chan?”
“Maybe.”
When they reached the mall, Ryoji first lead them to a clothing store. Chidori glanced down
the aisles, her eyes landing on a few dresses further back.
“You don’t have to follow me around,” Ryoji said, seeing her expression. “You can shop for
yourself if you want.”
Chidori’s expression tightened. “I didn’t bring any money.”
Akechi was going to ask why she even came along if she didn’t have any money, but he
didn’t get the chance to. Ryoji was already pulling out money from his pocket and handing it
to Chidori.

“My treat,” he said.
“I don’t need your pity.”
“It’s not pity.” Ryoji shrugged. “I’m kind of rich off of serving coffee. It’s no skin off my
back to toss money around.”
Akechi wasn’t sure how that was meant to make Chidori feel any better. Strangely, though,
she took the money with more grace. Maybe she preferred to know that nobody was giving
her the last of their yen.
“I’d hate for you to be suspicious of me,” Chidori told Akechi quietly. Her voice dripped with
disdain. “Would you like to follow me around as I shop?”
“No,” Akechi said begrudgingly. “The store is small. Just don’t step out of sight.”
Chidori rolled her eyes and immediately stormed away from him. Akechi returned to Ryoji,
who was inspecting a scarf rack.
“I was thinking that Minato might like a matching scarf like mine,” Ryoji said, taking a blue
scarf. “What do you think?”
“Does Minato look like the sort of person to wear scarves?” Akechi asked.
“Well, no,” Ryoji admitted. “But it is getting colder. He’ll need one anyway.”
“How do you know he doesn’t already have one?”
“Good point.” Ryoji sighed and put the scarf back. He looked around. “What would Minato
like?”
“I don’t think he gives much thought to what he wears.”
“You’re probably right.” Ryoji frowned before turning around and looking at the scarf again.
“Do you think I would look good in the scarf?”
“You’d probably look about the same,” Akechi said. “How would I know?”
Ryoji tried the scarf on over his yellow scarf. The combination did not look at all attractive,
but Akechi was too distracted keeping an eye on Chidori to comment. She continued to take
shirts and dresses off their racks before immediately putting them back again.
“Hm, Chidori-chan sure has a hard time deciding what to wear, huh?” Ryoji asked. “I kind of
know how she feels. Maybe we should help her out.”
“What a good idea,” Akechi said.
Chidori glared at Akechi as they approached. “What do you want?”

“We saw you were having trouble,” Ryoji said cheerfully. “Do you want us to give our
opinions?”
Chidori’s face flushed. “I’m only here to get a gift for Junpei,” she said. “I was just looking.”
“There’s no shame in getting something for yourself too,” Ryoji said. “I think that blue dress
would look very– Ow!”
Akechi stomped on his foot. “Stop flirting for once in your life.”
“I wasn’t flirting,” Ryoji said with a grimace. “I was being genuine.”
“I don’t need another dress,” Chidori said, turning away from it stubbornly. She crossed her
arms.
“You only have the one,” Akechi said. “Do you ever wash it?”
Chidori furiously yanked a blue dress off the rack and marched to the dressing room. She
came back out a few minutes later, refusing to make eye-contact with them.
“Well?” she asked.
The blue dress was certainly a far cry from the more gothic look Chidori had sported up to
that point. The sleeves were white and still had lace at the edges, but the dress itself was
devoid of its usual frills.
“Do you like it?” Akechi asked, crossing his arms.
Chidori glared at him. “Aren’t you the ones meant to be telling me your opinions?”
“I think it looks quite good on you,” Ryoji said. “But Akechi’s right. Your opinion matters the
most.”
Chidori looked at herself in a nearby mirror. “It’s not… bad,” she said slowly. “But I don’t
think it suits me.”
After trying on a couple of more dresses at Ryoji’s insistence, Chidori ended up picking a
blue dress that was similar in style to her white one, although it was slightly more
understated. Chidori looked happy with her decision, or, at least, she didn’t look sullen about
it.
Having finished at the clothing store, Akechi dragged Ryoji to the electronics department.
Ryoji was far more likely to find something that Minato would like there.
“Man, you’re so smart, Akechi-kun,” Ryoji said. He hummed to himself. “Maybe I should
get him a new music-player. He said his was getting a bit old…”
“Whatever you want,” Akechi sighed. “By the way, you look ridiculous with those two
scarves on.”

“...two scarves?” Ryoji looked down at himself and blinked in surprise upon seeing the blue
scarf still around his neck. “Oh, shoot!”
“What?” Chidori asked.
“I never paid for this.” Ryoji flashed Akechi and Chidori a winning smile before sprinting out
of the store. “I’ll be right back!”
He was hopeless.
“He’s hopeless,” Chidori said.
Lovers Arcana: Rank 5

By the time they finished shopping, Chidori picked out a necklace with a cross pendant that
looked more like a dagger for Junpei.
“Maybe I shouldn’t give this to him,” she said as they entered the dorms.
“You agonized over buying it,” Akechi said. “What’s the problem now?”
Chidori made a fist around the necklace. “It’s nothing,” she said coldly. “I’m going to bed.”
Ryoji managed to keep them occupied well into the evening, and Akechi was ready to get
some much needed sleep as well.
“I think Junpei’s on guard duty tonight, if that impacts your decision,” Akechi said as she
stormed off.
Chidori didn’t say anything, but her footsteps up the stairs were far more aggressive than
usual.

“What do you think?” Chidori asked Minato a few evenings later while they ate dinner
together. Shinjiro had made an entire feast again, enlisting the help of Akihiko, Akechi, and
Fuuka. The three of them had become far more adept in the kitchen over the past few months,
much to Shinjiro’s obvious relief.
Chidori wore the blue dress she bought a few days before and received various compliments
throughout the day for it. Currently, she sat next to Minato, placing her sketchbook in his
hands.
Minato flipped through the pages, his eyes lighting up.

“Wow,” Ryoji said, leaning over Minato’s shoulder to get a peek. “Those look really good,
Chidori-chan!”
Oh, yes. Ryoji invited himself over to dinner too. Or maybe Minato invited him. Akechi
could never really tell.
“It doesn’t matter what you think,” Chidori said agitatedly. She had barely begun eating her
food. Clearly, this reveal was a large source of stress to her. She redirected her attention back
toward Minato. “I haven’t begun coloring. It’s far easier to make changes at this stage.”
“It’s perfect,” Minato said, holding the sketchbook back out to Chidori. Chidori snatched it
back as though her very lifeforce resided in it.
“I’d hardly call it perfect,” Chidori said. “The proportions of the alligator are slightly off, and
the perspective–”
“Learn to take a compliment,” Shinjiro said.
Chidori’s face turned red, and she gave Shinjiro a nasty scowl.
“It’s good,” Minato said, shoving beef into his mouth. “Really good.”
“Well, I suppose you are my client,” Chidori said. She finally picked up her chopsticks.
“What a bizarre thought.”
“Minato’s paying you?” Yukari asked, her expression alarmed.
“In a sense,” Minato said.
Chidori’s expression shifted from irritation to something more subdued. Akechi had a feeling
that one of the reasons Minato agreed to let Chidori live in the dorms was under the condition
that Chidori would do the illustrating for him. Forgiveness for being tortured was worth far
more than a few drawings. Judging from Chidori’s face, she knew that too.
“Do you have coloring supplies?” Junpei asked. While Chidori was still agonizing over
whether or not to give Junpei the necklace, Junpei always jumped at the opportunity to spend
all his yen on Chidori. “I could get you some.”
“Thank you, but Minato already bought me the colored pencils I requested,” Chidori said.
“As a part of the payment.”
On second thought, maybe Minato’s natural state of apathy made it impossible for him to
hold a grudge.
Junpei gave Minato a suspicious side eye. Ryoji laughed.
“Who knew Minato was as good with the ladies as I was?”
“You’d be stunned,” Minato said. “They fall at my feet in droves.”

“Don’t be ridiculous,” Yukari said with an eyeroll. “I mean, sure, a few girls in our class have
a crush on you, but they’re just into that mysterious personality type. Ryoji is ruining your
reputation as a brooder even as we speak.”
“How is this my fault?” Ryoji asked.
“Your cheerfulness is infectious,” Akihiko said.
“You’re dangerous,” Aigis added.
“Tough crowd,” Ryoji sighed. He shifted his chair away from Aigis, even though they were
already sitting as far away from each other as possible.
“Don’t worry, Ryoji,” Junpei said. “I think you’re pretty cool. You’re still on for the arcade
tomorrow, right?”
“Of course!” Ryoji grinned nervously, still eyeing Aigis. “But you’ll have to show me the
ropes.”
“You can count on me!”
“You should eat your food,” Minato told Ryoji. “It’s going to get cold.”
Ryoji picked up his chopsticks. “Oops, you’re right!” He flashed Minato a smile. “Sometimes
I forget that food is for eating. I mean, Ai-chan is barely touching hers.”
He chuckled nervously. Akechi began to contemplate if Ryoji was also a robot. It would
explain some of his strange behaviors, as well as his incredibly vague backstory.
When they were done eating, Ryoji stood up with a satisfied sigh.
“That was delicious. My compliments to the chef,” he said, bowing to the entire group. “But
I’m afraid I must be off. Don’t miss me too much!”
Aigis opened her mouth, probably to tell Ryoji to burn in hell. Ryoji saw the evil glint in her
eye and ran out of the dorms before she could say anything at all.
Aigis visibly relaxed as soon as he was out the door.
“I’m returning to my room,” Chidori announced as she too stood up. Only half of her meal
was eaten, but Akechi didn’t imagine she had the best diet while with Strega. He could count
Takaya’s ribs even in the dark. And hospital food wasn’t the richest food around. “Who’s
watching me tonight?”
“That would be me.” Yukari sighed. “I can’t wait for December.”
“Is that when we negotiate the terms for my stay?” Chidori asked.
“In theory,” Mitsuru said. “Let’s not get too ahead of ourselves.”

“Right, sorry.” Yukari stood up with an exhausted expression on her face. “Akechi-kun, you
had better come to switch places right after the Dark Hour ends, got it?”
“Of course.” Akechi didn’t think there was much risk of him oversleeping.

“Every time I come back to Tokyo, some new calamity happens,” Akira said, sitting in an RV.
“What are you talking about?” Akechi asked. They were on the highway, but nobody was
driving the car. Weren’t they going to crash?
“Um, nothing,” Akira said. He smiled as he fiddled with the yellow scarf around his neck.
“Ignore me. I just feel like the world is always ending.”
“It probably is,” Akechi admitted. A strange beeping sound started to play in the background,
but he ignored it.
Akira raised his eyebrows at him. “Have you gotten shot recently?”
Would someone shut up that beeping? “Would you just give that a rest–”

Akechi woke up with a sudden lurch. His alarm beeped furiously at him, and Akechi looked
at it with confusion.
The clock read 12:05 am.
Damnit, Akechi had slept in. Only by a few minutes, but enough minutes for Yukari to get
seriously irritated with him. Of course, he had one of the best dreams he’d had in months on a
night he needed to wake up early.
Akechi quickly pulled himself out of bed and grabbed his sword before leaving his bedroom.
He’d prefer not to have to stab anyone outside of the Dark Hour, but a precaution was a
precaution. He was half-way up the stairs when he heard Yukari scream.
Akechi sprinted the rest of the way up the stairs. Yukari had stopped screaming, but a loud
crashing sound echoed from Chidori’s room. Yukari lay collapsed outside Chidori’s door.
Mitsuru, Fuuka, and Aigis were already hurrying out of their rooms to see what the
commotion was all about.
“Yukari!” Mitsuru exclaimed.
Akechi didn’t bother to inspect Yukari’s condition. Someone else would be able to deal with
that. The door to Chidori’s room was already cracked open. Takaya’s voice and Chidori’s
ragged breathing came from the other side. Akechi jumped over Yukari and pushed the door
open.

Takaya was holding out a hand to Chidori, who held a broken lamp with both hands. Jin was
slumped on the ground at Chidori’s feet, blood forming around his head. Was he dead?
“Chidori, enough of this,” Takaya snapped. “You are behaving like a child.”
Chidori didn’t say anything. Her wide eyes flew to Akechi. “Goro–” she said breathlessly.
Akechi couldn’t tell if she was happy or upset that he was there.
Behind him, Akechi could hear Mitsuru already inspecting Yukari’s body.
“She’s only unconscious, but her head is bleeding badly,” she told Fuuka. “Call a hospital!”
“Ah, Goro,” Takaya said. “As much as I enjoy your company, this is a private matter.”
“I don’t actually give a shit,” Akechi snapped. He raised his sword. Chidori dropped her lamp
and grabbed Goro’s arm.
“Wait!” she exclaimed. “Don’t hurt him!”
“Are you kidding me?!” Goro snarled, trying to yank his arm away.
Aigis stepped into the room and pointed her finger guns toward Takaya. “He must be
stopped,” Aigis said. She didn’t fire. Akechi and Chidori were moving too violently in front
of her.
More footsteps were approaching. “What’s going on?” Ken asked.
“Fuuka said Strega attacked,” Akihiko said. His voice was hard. “Where are they?”
“Chidori!”
Junpei burst into the room. Akechi was still trying to wrestle his arm away from Chidori
without accidentally stabbing her. Junpei tried to shove himself in front of Chidori.
“Akechi, what are you doing?!” he demanded.
“What am I doing?!” Akechi shouted. “I’m trying to kill Takaya! She’s the one with skewed
loyalties!”
“This is entertaining,” Takaya said. “Is this the oaf you abandoned our ideals for, Chidori?”
“He’s not an oaf,” Chidori protested, now trying to get in front of Junpei. She let go of
Akechi’s arm.
“Minato-kun,” Aigis said as Minato entered the room. It was becoming extremely crowded.
“What are your orders?”
Akechi didn’t give a shit about Minato’s orders. He already aimed his sword at Takaya’s
neck, but Takaya rolled out of the way. The blade lodged itself inside Chidori’s bookshelf.
Akechi swore.

“The room’s too crowded,” Minato said to Aigis. “You could hit someone else.”
“Get out of my way!” Akihiko shouted.
“Aki, wait!”
Akihiko shoved his way past Minato and Akechi. He pointed Takaya’s gun at Takaya’s head.
“What did you do to Yukari?!” he shouted.
“I’m sure she’ll live,” Takaya said dispassionately. “We didn’t hit her that hard. We wouldn’t
have needed to knock her out if she hadn’t put up such a fight.”
Takaya pointed to a bleeding gash in his arm.
“Akihiko!” Mitsuru shouted. “The risk is too great!”
“I don’t give a damn about risks,” Akihiko snapped, but his hands were shaking. “Go to
hell.”
Akihiko fumbled with the safety. Chidori managed to break free just enough to attempt to
push Takaya away. Or maybe she was trying to make Akihiko’s job easier, because Takaya
ended up stumbling closer to Akihiko. Akihiko’s finger was just about to press down on the
trigger when Takaya grabbed Akihiko’s wrist and twisted it in Junpei’s direction.
BANG
“Junpei!” Ken cried.
Akihiko dropped the gun. Takaya picked it up. Akechi attempted to jump on Takaya, but
Takaya knocked Akechi into Aigis. Akechi’s head hit Aigis’ metal exterior hard, and lights
filled his vision. Aigis grabbed Akechi’s shoulders as Takaya picked Jin up and fled the
scene.
But Junpei hadn’t been hit.
Chidori collapsed.
“Chidori!” Junpei dropped to his knees and cradled Chidori in his arms. A large red stain was
already covering the front of her dress. “Someone call an ambulance!”
“There’s already one on the way for Yukari,” Fuuka said as she pushed her way into the
room. She got to her knees and began to apply pressure to Chidori’s wound.
“Junpei–” Chidori coughed. Blood was already dripping from her mouth. “--I’m… scared.”
“I’m here Chidori,” Junpei said. His voice choked. Akechi could heard distant sirens
approaching. “Why’d you jump in front of me like that, dammit?”

Chidori weakly reached into her pocket. She pressed something into Junpei’s hand. “I’m
sorry.”
“You’re going to be alright, Chidori.” Junpei shook her slightly, and Fuuka let out a small
gasp. “You’re going to make it, okay?”
Ken returned to the room with bandages. Fuuka took the gauze and began piling it up on the
injury.
“Junpei.” Chidori put on a weak smile. “I… love you… too.”
Akihiko threw up just as the paramedics entered the room.

Chapter End Notes

Okay, so, uh, here's the Thing. Persona 3 is all about coming to terms with Death, and
um... it's hard to keep the integrity of those themes without... you know, death.
I really Didn't want to do this.
On a slightly different note, I almost forgot to post this on time so rip.
Uhhhh, thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments.
<3
If you're a Binge Reader, perhaps you would like to take a break? Get some work done?
Sleep?

Chapter 36: November 30–December 3, 2009
Chapter Summary

I wish I could say things get better from here
But they Dont

Chapter Notes

tw: lots of reference to death, ptsd, grief, self-loathing

See the end of the chapter for more notes

After hearing Yukari’s shattered testimony and piecing together what they each saw, the
general consensus of what occurred that night was as follows:
Takaya had decided that it would be worth trying to get Chidori back on their team, likely for
her support abilities. He and Jin agreed to infiltrate her room while the guard shift was
changing. Why they chose not to attack during the Dark Hour was largely a mystery, but
Akechi pointed out that they probably felt they stood a better chance in a weapons fight than
a persona fight. Especially considering there were over ten persona users in the building.
Yukari accidentally fell asleep when Akechi was meant to relieve her of her shift. Takaya and
Jin picked the lock of the window by the fire escape, allowing them to get inside quietly.
Yukari was sleeping lightly enough, however, to wake up at the sound of footsteps. She shot
Takaya just before Jin knocked her out with his evoker.
They then entered Chidori’s room. Chidori must have heard the commotion and picked up
her lamp as a weapon. She knocked out Jin before realizing who it was. Takaya probably
pulled some of his manipulative nonsense out of his ass, and Chidori must have listened to
some of it. Now extremely conflicted, Chidori didn’t want to leave SEES, but she didn’t want
to see Takaya die either.
When Akihiko confiscated Takaya’s gun from Akechi, he hid it in his own room. Upon
hearing the commotion, Akihiko grabbed it in the hopes of putting that one bullet to good
use.
The rest was history.

Yukari suffered from a severe concussion, but it was nothing she couldn’t recover from.
“I feel so useless,” Yukari told Akechi that afternoon when he came to visit. Even the hospital
was feeling less grim than the dormitories. “I only managed to hit Takaya before Jin hit me in
the head.”
“They’re strong,” Akechi said.
“Chidori managed to knock one of them out,” Yukari said bitterly. “I can’t… I can’t believe
she’s gone.”
Chidori died before she even reached the hospital. Junpei locked himself in his room ever
since. Akihiko did the same, in spite of Shinjiro’s furious knocking on his door.
“I don’t know what we’re going to do,” Yukari said. Her eyes welled with tears. “Everything
feels so hopeless. Not even our own home is safe anymore.”
Akechi didn’t tell her that it had never been safe. Ikutsuki had the opportunity to watch their
every move through hidden cameras, and Strega knew where their dorms were for months.

When Akechi returned from the hospital, he found Ryoji standing outside the dorms. He was
pacing back and forth, but he brightened when he saw Akechi.
“Hey, Akechi-kun,” he said. “Nobody came to school today, and Junpei didn’t meet me at the
station like we planned. What’s going on?”
Why was it always Akechi who had to be the deliverer of bad news?
He gave Ryoji the most abbreviated version of events he could manage, replacing Takaya
with abusive parents. When he was done, Ryoji’s face had gone as white as a sheet.
“Chidori’s dead?” he asked.
“That’s what I just said.”
“But that can’t be right.” Ryoji’s hands shook. “I spoke with her yesterday. She was fine,
then. She was wearing that dress we bought together, remember?”
“That’s kind of how death works,” Akechi snapped. “One minute the person’s alive, and the
next they’re not.”
“No, no, no,” Ryoji said all in one breath. “There should have been warning signs. It was a
normal day. We had food. And Chidori was going to start coloring her pictures for Minato.
And everyone was happy.”
Akechi knew death was hard for people who hadn’t faced it before, but somehow, he hadn’t
expected Ryoji to react this strongly. It wasn’t like he knew Chidori well. Maybe Minato
should be doing this. He’d be able to handle this more gently than Akechi.

“Does this mean that Chidori will never color again?” Ryoji continued. “She’s never going to
glare at me, or go shopping, or eat food again?”
“What do you want me to say?” Akechi asked.
“I don’t know!” Ryoji tugged at his hair and leaned against the wall of the dorms. “Is there
going to be a funeral?”
“Probably,” Akechi said. “She wasn’t the most well-known–”
“We knew her!” Ryoji covered his face with his hands. “I feel sick.”
“Maybe you should step inside.”
“How can you be so calm about this?” Ryoji asked. He sounded like he was about to cry.
“You knew Chidori. You spoke with her, went shopping with her, ate with her… How could
you act like nothing happened?”
“Do you really want to see me at my worst?” Akechi snarled. “Do not think for a minute that
I’m not upset. But if I let myself process what’s happened, then you’ll have more to worry
about than my calmness.”
As it currently was, Akechi’s room was a wreck. Taiyaki’s fish tank and Ryoji’s paper cranes
were the only survivors. Everything else had been hurled across the room, partly because
Akechi could not believe that Takaya was impossible to kill, and partially because, to his
surprise, he actually started to like Chidori.
Ryoji blinked. He stared at his hands with a wretched expression. “You’re right,” he
whispered. “I’m not being fair. I just… I never realized. Death is so… brutal.”
“You’re right,” Akechi said shortly. “It is. Would you like to step inside now?”
Ryoji let Akechi lead him into the lounge. Akechi forced Ryoji to sit down.
“People die every day,” Ryoji was whispering to himself. “Do people feel like this every day?
How do they live?”
“I’m going to get Minato,” Akechi said.
“No.” Ryoji’s voice shook. “I don’t want him to see me like this.”
“I don’t know if you haven’t noticed, but I’m not the comforting type.”
“You’re honest.” Ryoji smiled emptily. “Minato is too.”
“I’m getting Minato.” Akechi turned around and ignored Ryoji’s protests. He collected
Minato from his bedroom and dragged him downstairs to the lounge.
Ryoji was already gone by the time they got there.

Lovers Arcana: Rank 6

“What are you going to do about your story?” Akechi asked Minato as they walked back up
the stairs.
“I’m going to publish it,” Minato said. His voice was hoarse. “Look.”
Minato led Akechi to his bedroom. Chidori’s sketchbook from Kyoto sat on his desk. It was
opened up to a couple of her illustrations.
Next to nothing was colored in. However, in each of the illustrations, there was one distinct
burst of color. Every illustration of the alligator had been lightly colored with pink. The
pencil marks were still evident, and it was clear that Chidori hadn’t even gotten started on
shading. But she had colored the single most important part of the entire story.
“I’m not going to change them,” Minato said. “After we find a way to end the Dark Hour,
I’m going to publish them just like this.”
“That sort of sentimentality will get you nowhere,” Akechi said.
Minato shrugged. “I guess we’ll find out.”

Ryoji swallowed back the tears that wanted to come at full force. He needed to keep it
together until he reached his apartment. He would be fine.
God, Ryoji didn’t feel fine. He felt like someone had just tried to shoot him with a million
bullets.
Around him, pedestrians were all going about their day. Smiling. Talking to each other.
Oblivious to Ryoji’s pain. Ryoji was just a prop in a world that kept moving around him.
Nobody even made eye contact with him when he glanced in their direction.
People tended to ignore Ryoji. If it weren’t for Minato and the others, would he even feel
real?
As Ryoji approached the street with his apartment building, someone jostled into him,
causing him to stumble backwards. Ryoji was prepared to keep on walking—people bumped
into him a lot—but the person paused.
“I’m so sorry,” the stranger said with a bow. “Are you alright?”
There was something… strange about the guy. Ryoji kind of got the same nagging feeling of
familiarity he had with Aigis and Minato, but it was a lot more… vague. The concerned look
in his yellow eyes seemed almost disingenuous. Did most people have yellow eyes?

“I’m fine,” Ryoji said as cheerfully as he could muster. It was hard to get a single sentence
out and not give into the urge to cry.
“Yeah?” asked the stranger, scratching the back of his curly black curls with a weirdly sharp
smile.
“Yep,” Ryoji said, his smiling wavering for only a fraction of a second. What was with this
guy? “I’m doing great.”
To Ryoji’s alarm and horror, the stranger patted him on the shoulder. “You sure are,” he said,
his smile growing wider. “Keep up the good work, kiddo.”
Ryoji stayed rooted in place as the stranger walked away without another word, as if patting a
stranger was not incredibly invasive. It was invasive, right?
Keep up the good work? What was that supposed to mean? And why the heck did the guy
call him kiddo?
Ryoji ignored his fresh wave of nausea and continued walking home with an unsettled feeling
in his gut.
At least the stranger had done him one favor. He distracted Ryoji from Chidori’s death for a
few unsettling minutes.

Junpei had only gone down to the lounge for food. The cross necklace Chidori gave him in
her final moments weighed heavily around his neck, but he wouldn’t take it off for the world.
Mitsuru cornered him as he came down the stairs.
“We found this in Chidori’s room,” Mitsuru said. Her voice halted as she spoke. “I thought
you would like it.”
Junpei took the sketchbook. It was one of the ones that he bought for Chidori when she was
first taken into the hospital. She had loads more. Junpei knew that Minato was holding onto
the one with the illustrations for his book. “What makes this one so special?”
“Just open it,” Fuuka said.
Junpei opened it, and his heart stuttered.
Sketches of Junpei covered almost each and every page. Junpei at the hospital. Junpei eating.
Junpei laughing at his own stupid jokes. Junpei trying to draw a picture of Chidori. Each
picture was markedly better than the last.
Junpei said nothing. Nobody else spoke for him.
“Wow,” Junpei eventually said. He needed to say something, right? It was better than having
everyone stare at him. “She… she got really good.”

That’s all he was able to say before a tear ran down his cheek. Junpei quickly tried to wipe it
away.
“Damnit,” he said. “I shouldn’t be acting like this.”
Nobody looked sure of what to say. Even Akechi, who Junpei thought would be acting the
most violently right now, maybe shouting about how crying doesn’t fix anything, was just
sitting at the table, looking away.
Junpei couldn’t do this. He stood up and held the sketchbook tightly. “I think I need to tuck
in,” he said, even though he hadn’t gotten anything to eat. “See you tomorrow.”
Junpei had gotten up the stairs when he saw Akihiko sitting at the table on the second floor.
His stomach clenched.
“Junpei…” Akihiko said. He stood up, looking unsure of himself. Did Shinjiro put him up to
this? “I…”
“You shouldn't have fired,” Junpei said immediately.
“No.” Akihiko’s shoulders slumped. “I shouldn't have.”
“We told you not to do it.” Junpei’s voice shook. “Why the hell didn’t you listen?!”
“I–I was scared,” Akihiko admitted. “I saw Yukari lying there, and I thought that we had lost
enough. I just wanted to end it. I wasn’t thinking.”
“Chidori’s dead and that’s all you have to say?!”
Akihiko flinched. “I’m sorry.”
“Sorry doesn’t bring her back!”
“I know that!” Akihiko balled his hands into fists. “But I’m not Shinji! I’m not going to run
away from this. But I don’t know how to fix it!” Akihiko gasped for breath before gritting his
teeth. “How do I fix this?”
“There’s no fixing this,” Junpei said coldly.
Akihiko’s expression closed off. “No, I guess there’s not.”
Junpei’s stomach churned. He was so angry at Akihiko. He could kill him himself. And yet,
at the same time, he felt sick. What was he doing? Why was he pinning all of the blame on
Akihiko? Akihiko had only wanted to kill Takaya, and Junpei probably would have tried too,
if he could have.
If Takaya could see this conversation, he’d probably laugh.
“What the hell,” Junpei muttered. “Hey, why don’t we kill Takaya together?”

Akihiko frowned. “What?”
“Takaya was the one who grabbed your hand,” Junpei said. “You probably could have shot
him if he hadn’t done that. So let’s kill him together.”
“That’s all you have to say?”
“Well, I could tell you that I don’t think I’ll ever forgive you for as long as I live,” Junpei
said. It was the truth too. “But that doesn’t really do much.”
“I guess I deserve that,” Akihiko sighed. He wore a small grin, and Junpei found himself
grinning back. “You know what? Yeah. We’ll kill him together.”
Junpei held out his hand, and Akihiko shook it.
It wasn’t forgiveness. It wasn’t even a start. Outside of this pact, Junpei didn’t even intend to
speak to Akihiko in normal conversation for at least another month.
But it made Junpei feel a little more in control. Takaya would expect SEES to be divided
after what happened. Junpei refused to give him that pleasure. They’d be so goddamn united
that Takaya would die of shock.

On the first day of December, Akechi, Ken, and Emiko’s conversation on the way home from
school was more subdued than usual. Emiko could sense something was once again wrong,
but she had the sense not to yell at Akechi and Ken about it this time. Ken still looked
shaken, and Akechi was still angry.
Why couldn’t things just not go to crap for once in their life?
At the station, Akechi spotted Junpei sitting on one of the benches. He was bent over
Chidori’s sketchbook. Ken slowed to a halt, obviously noticing Junpei too.
“Is that a friend of yours?” Emiko asked.
“Yeah…” Ken said slowly.
“I’m going to speak to him,” Akechi decided, hardly believing himself. It was like he told
Ryoji. He wasn’t the comforting type.
“You are?” Ken asked in a surprised tone.
“Just for a few minutes,” Akechi said. “You don’t have to wait for me.”
“We will,” Emiko said.
Akechi rolled his eyes and marched up to Junpei. Junpei looked up and his eyes widened.
“Akechi-kun,” he said. “What are you doing here?”

“I wanted to apologize,” Akechi said.
“Apologize?” Junpei frowned. “For what?”
“If I hadn’t had the gun, then it wouldn't have…” Akechi looked away. “Well, you know
what happened.”
“Don’t be stupid,” Junpei said. “If you hadn’t had the gun, Takaya could have used it on any
one of us, and there would have been more than one bullet. It’s not your fault.”
“That’s not the point,” Akechi snapped. “He was right there, and somehow I wasn’t able to
end him myself.”
“And?” Junpei jumped to his feet. “We were all there! None of us managed to kill him. He’s
got years of experience on us!”
“I’m not a fool!” Akechi snapped. “I know my power is the only reason I’m still around!
What good am I if I can’t even kill one measly man!”
Junpei gaped. “Are you kidding me?”
“I am quite serious.”
“You seriously think that we only keep you around because you’re powerful?” Junpei asked.
The revulsion on his face almost made Akechi take a step back. “What sort of monsters do
you think we are?”
“It’s normal,” Akechi said. “I understand–”
“I thought we were friends,” Junpei said. “Do you not see me that way?”
“What does that have to do with anything?”
“It has everything to do with everything.” Junpei’s hands shook. “What? You think that we
heard your past and decided that you weren’t worth our time, that we only wanted you for
your power? When did we even imply that?”
“You don’t have to imply the truth,” Akechi said. Why was Junpei so upset about this?
Akechi was right. “Why else would you keep me around?”
“I'm not listening to this,” Junpei snapped, turning his back to Akechi. “Talk to Mitsuru.
Don’t you dare compare us to Strega.”
“I never–”
“You might as well have.” Junpei glanced over his shoulder with the coldest expression
Akechi had ever seen on him. “That’s why we think Takaya came for Chidori, right? For her
power? You’re basically saying that we’re the same as him.”
“I’m just being practical–”

“No, you’re just making assumptions.” Junpei began storming off. “Talk to someone else
about this. Leave me the hell alone.”
Temperance Arcana: Rank 5

The following night had a full moon, and Aigis was missing.
Considering everything that had happened, her disappearance put everybody on edge. Junpei
was pacing, Akihiko looked sick, and Akechi would dearly like to kill something. Yukari’s
absence was painfully obvious, but she was still recovering from her concussion. She
wouldn’t fully recover for at least another week.
“Do you think it’s Strega?” Ken asked.
“What could they possibly want with Aigis?” Junpei snapped. “She’s not anyone Takaya
gives a damn about.”
“Takaya doesn’t give a damn about anyone,” Akihiko pointed out.
Junpei’s mouth hardened into a line.
“I don’t sense Strega near her,” Fuuka said. “She’s on the moonlight bridge.”
“You mean the bridge we fought that shadow last month?” Ken asked nervously. “You don’t
think there’s another shadow, do you?”
“No, Ikutsuki–” Mitsuru’s expression became disdainful as she said his name “--was quite
firm on the fact that we had destroyed all of the shadows.”
“Like we can trust a word he said,” Shinjiro said.
“Maybe we should stop wasting time and find Aigis,” Akechi snapped, getting to his feet.
“Theories get us nowhere.”
Koromaru barked in agreement. Akechi was growing to like that dog.
When they arrived at the bridge, Aigis lay collapsed on the street. Sparks flew from cuts in
her armor plating, and a few severed wires hung from the openings. Koromaru barked
furiously.
“Aigis!” Fuuka cried. “Are you alright?”
A fairly pointless question. It was obvious that she was not.
“I’m sorry,” Aigis told the group. “I… remember everything… Who I am…. Who he is…”
“Who the hell is he?” Shinjiro asked.
Aigis pointed to Minato. Everybody stared at him with dumbstruck expressions.

Koromaru was still barking, but he wasn’t facing Aigis or Minato. Akechi turned his head to
see Ryoji standing to their far right. He looked faint as he leaned against the bridge railings.
What the hell was he doing there? Was he responsible for Aigis’ current condition?
Akechi put a careful hand on his evoker. Ryoji wasn’t behaving like a threat, but that didn’t
necessarily mean much.
Minato moved to Aigis’ side and took her hand as she continued to speak, “I know why I
wanted to protect you… I’m sorry… I failed.”
“You didn’t fail,” Minato said. His eyes darted to Ryoji. “I’m fine.”
“I’m… sorry…”
Ryoji pushed himself off of the railing and began to approach the group. Akechi’s hand
clenched around his evoker as he took a few steps back.
“There’s no need for you to apologize.” Ryoji’s voice was perfectly steady. It was nothing
like the cheerful or even solemn inflection he normally used.
Everyone except for Minato, Akechi, and Shinjiro startled at the sound of Ryoji’s voice.
“Ryoji?” Junpei asked. “What are you doing here?”
Junpei and Ryoji were friends too, weren’t they? Akechi had forgotten.
Aigis’ hand suddenly slipped out of Minato’s hand with a clatter, and the light fled from her
eyes. Minato stiffened as he hastened to re-grab Aigis’ hand.
“Aigis-chan!” Fuuka cried, her voice shaking.
“The damage doesn’t seem too severe,” Mitsuru said, although her voice wasn’t as confident
as it sometimes was. “I’m sure she can be repaired.”
Junpei sucked in a breath. “Right.”
“I’m sorry,” Ryoji said. His voice cracked. “It’s all my fault.”
“Your fault?” Minato asked.
Akihiko and Akechi both pulled out their evokers. Mitsuru shook her head.
“He’s not showing any signs of aggression,” Mitsuru said. “I’d like to avoid any unnecessary
conflict.”
Akihiko immediately put his evoker back in its holster. Akechi was not so quick to retreat.
“Ikutsuki didn’t show any signs of aggression,” he snapped. “Or have you already
forgotten?”

“Of course I haven’t,” Mitsuru said, her eyes flashing. “But Ryoji has given us no reason to
mistrust him.”
“Aigis isn’t enough reason for you?”
“You don’t mean…” Fuuka glanced between Aigis and Ryoji.
“You did this?” Junpei asked.
Ryoji looked away. “You’re right to mistrust me,” he said.
“Who are you?” Mitsuru asked, stepping in front of Akechi. “What are you?”
Ryoji twisted the ring around his finger at a rapid pace. “I’m the same as the beings you call
Shadows.”
“You’re a shadow?” Fuuka asked.
“I’m the Appriser,” Ryoji said. His voice was growing hoarser. “I come from the union of the
twelve Arcana.”
Ryoji was the result of the twelve shadows they killed? What the hell was going on?
“What does that mean? What is your role in the Fall?” Akechi asked.
“Fall?” Junpei asked. “You mean what Ikutsuki was talking about?”
Ryoji chuckled breathlessly. “You always did get straight to the point…” he said. “The truth
is…”
Ryoji collapsed to his knees. Minato stood up.
“The truth is?” Mitsuru prompted, her voice growing more and more on edge.
“The shadows are here to facilitate the rebirth of the maternal being,” Ryoji said. “She slowly
awakens as she is drawn to me, the Appriser.”
“This maternal being?” Fuuka asked, sounding about as confused as Akechi felt. “Does she
have to do with the fall?”
“Yes.” Ryoji nodded. “I was born ten years ago, when a man collected a great mass of
shadows in a laboratory. But the process was interrupted, and I was half-formed. That’s when
Aigis fought me on this very bridge.”
“Aigis?” Akihiko asked. “She fought you here?”
“Oh my god,” Minato muttered. He took a step back with a haunted expression.
“Minato-kun?” Ken asked, his voice cracking.

“She was unable to defeat me.” Ryoji didn’t look Minato in the eyes, instead keeping his gaze
fixed on Aigis. “She sealed me in a child standing nearby. That child grew up, with me inside
of him. When he transferred here, the twelve shadows scattered across the city awakened, all
to have me reunited with them.”
“You don’t mean… you were inside Minato?” Akihiko asked.
That Pharos child. He was Ryoji. No wonder Ryoji and Minato got along so well initially.
They had already known each other.
“Oh my god,” Minato said again. Koromaru attempted to nuzzle his legs, but Minato didn’t
even acknowledge him. He just continued to stare at Ryoji, looking like he just entered his
worst nightmare.
Akechi grit his teeth. “If Ryoji is here to bring about the fall, then maybe we should just kill
him and be done with it.”
“You can’t be serious!” Junpei exclaimed.
“Wait,” Ryoji said, swaying in place. “There’s more… I need to tell you…”
Ryoji collapsed without another word.
Lovers Arcana: Rank 7

Aigis was taken to the lab for repairs, but the damage was significant enough that she wasn’t
expected to be back until the end of December. Fuuka visited Yukari to tell her about the new
developments.
Ryoji didn’t wake up until after school the following day. Akechi and Ken received a text
from Mitsuru telling them to go straight to the dorms after school.
“Hey, Akechi,” Ken said quietly after they parted ways with Emiko. “Last night… you
weren’t serious about killing Ryoji, right?”
Akechi dug his nails into his palms. “I don’t know.”
“But Ryoji’s your friend!” Ken’s voice cracked. “You hang out with him, at least. And
besides…”
“Besides, what?” Akechi asked sharply.
“I saw a second paper crane on your desk,” Ken said disdainfully. “Wasn’t that Ryoji’s
thing?”
“That was before I knew he was going to kill us all.”
“He’s not going to kill any of us!”

“Did you see what he did to Aigis?”
Ken’s face fell. “I hate this,” he muttered.
They didn’t speak to each other for the rest of the walk home.

Everybody convened at the command room. Ryoji sat on the sofa, holding the glass of water
Ken gave him like a lifeline.
“I don’t technically need this,” he told Ken.
“It might make you feel better,” Ken said.
Ryoji didn’t drink it, but Akechi privately agreed with Ken. Ryoji looked dehydrated.
“Are you feeling better, man?” Junpei asked.
“Yes, thank you,” Ryoji clearly lied. “Besides, there’s more I need to tell you.”
“Get on with it, then,” Shinjiro said.
“Right.” Ryoji nodded and placed down his glass on the coffee table. “I guess I should tell
you about Nyx.”
“That is the maternal being you spoke of?” Mitsuru asked.
“Yes,” Ryoji said. “She is the mother of all shadows. She once bestowed ‘Death’ to our
world. If she is awakened, darkness will cover the land, and all life will vanish.”
“You’re telling me that was the future Ikutsuki was hoping for?” Shinjiro asked. “Why the
hell would he want that?”
“Does that mean everyone will die?!” Akihiko asked.
“No, he means that we’ll all be whisked off to Heaven,” Akechi said sarcastically. “What else
would that mean?”
“All life will vanish…” Mitsuru said. “So, if Ikutsuki can be believed, everyone will become
like the Lost?”
Ryoji nodded.
It was exactly like Ikutsuki had said. In the moment, everything Ikutsuki said could be
dismissed as absurd ramblings. But now, clearly, there had been truth to the matter.
Akechi was foolish to hope otherwise.
“When? When will it happen?” Akihiko asked.

Ryoji looked sick. “I’m afraid you will not live to see next spring.”
The clock ticked loudly as everyone let that sink in.
“Bullshit!” Shinjiro slammed his hand against the wall. Everybody flinched. “The rest of you
aren’t seriously going to take this lying down?”
“Shinjiro’s right!” Junpei jumped to his feet with obviously fake bravado. “We’ll just defeat
this Nyx! Which shouldn’t be a problem because we’ve never lost!”
“I’m afraid Nyx is unbeatable.” Ryoji’s voice was becoming high-pitched. “It doesn’t matter
how strong or powerful you are. Death is unstoppable. Like the flow of time… she cannot be
stopped.”
“Are you serious?” Junpei asked. His voice cracked. “You mean… all of this was for
nothing?! Everything we’ve been through… we’re just going to die in the end?”
“Everybody dies,” Akechi said. His voice sounded distant. It wasn’t every day one was faced
with the end of the world. Akira might have faced it once before, but Akechi was pretty sure
Akira hadn’t faced Death itself.
No. Akira’s enemy had been defeatable.
“I can offer you a choice,” Ryoji said tentatively. “I might be the Appriser, but I was given
human form. I… know what it feels to be human. I understand the pain you’re feeling.”
“A choice?” Fuuka asked.
“The fall cannot be stopped, but it is possible to live in peace until it occurs.” Ryoji stood up.
“You have to… kill me.” Ken’s eyes flashed toward Akechi. “If you do, you can forget all
about the Dark Hour and what has happened. You’ll be able to live the rest of your days like
normal students.”
“We’ll forget everything?” Mitsuru asked.
“Yes.” Ryoji looked at Minato, who had been silently sitting on the far end of the couch.
“You could forget about all of your suffering, and the fall would be slightly delayed.
Although I am like Nyx, and in essence, unkillable, Minato has made a part of me human. If
it was done by Minato, I believe that death is possible by his hands.”
“But you’ll die,” Ken said, his voice cracking.
“If you don’t kill me, you’ll go through unimaginable suffering!” Ryoji scowled, slicing his
hand through the air violently. “You will have to live every day in fear of your impending
death! I don’t want you to endure that pain.”
“I already live with that every day,” Shinjiro said. “The date’s just moved up a little.”
Everybody glared at Shinjiro. Ryoji’s eyes widened. “What?”

“Shinjiro… has a condition,” Akihiko said. “He only has two years to live.”
Shinjiro snorted. “At best.”
“Can you give it a rest?” Akihiko snapped.
“Still,” Ryoji said, somehow looking even more rattled than before. “The rest of you… Will
you seriously endure that suffering? Wouldn’t it be better to live in peace?”
Nobody responded. While Akechi wanted to say he’d fight this Nyx out of pure spite, a small
part of him hesitated. Why should he try to stop the end of the world? When had humanity
ever been worth saving? In spite of Ryoji’s pleas, the fact remained that everyone lived their
lives waiting for their inevitable demise. And in the meantime, people continued to destroy
each other from the inside out.
Maybe a world like that was better left to rot. Maybe a small, ridiculously selfish part of
Akechi wanted to know what it was like to forget the pain that followed him everywhere he
went.
He immediately discarded that final thought. If he wanted to forget pain, he would have gone
along with Maruki’s reality. Having his memories erased would erase a part of who he was.
And that was more terrifying than anything.
“But to forget what we’ve been through…” Mitsuru said. “We’d be living a lie.”
“Is that really so wrong?” Ryoji protested. “The truth is a terrible thing! You don’t know the
terror of absolute death! Please at least consider what I have to say before making a
decision!”
But Akechi hadn’t felt terror in his first death. He only felt a selfish relief.
And in Maruki’s reality, Akechi hadn’t felt terror. Frustration, yes. Anger, yes. But he was
never scared to go. Being afraid of death was like being afraid of one’s own shadow. Who
wasn’t ready to depart from this trainwreck of a world anyway?
“Why is this happening?” Ken whispered.
Ryoji sighed. “You don’t have to decide right now. You have until December 31st, New
Year’s Eve, to make your decision. After that, I’ll dissolve into the Dark Hour and become
intangible.”
“What?” Minato asked, his head snapping up toward Ryoji.
“Please don’t let your concern for me impact your decision,” Ryoji said. He smiled brokenly.
“I won’t be around for much longer anyway.”
Without another word, Ryoji fled the room.
To kill or not to kill. He could let the world rot but lose himself in the process. Or, he could
continue this endless charade of hope but at least die fighting in the process.

Neither option was particularly appealing, and yet Akechi was forced to choose anyway.
Confused rage churned inside Akechi, and he got to his feet.
“Akechi-kun?” Fuuka asked.
“I’ll be right back,” Akechi said, storming out of the room. He ran down the stairs and
shoved the dormitory doors open.
Shuddering sobs echoed to his right.
Ryoji leaned his back against the wall of the dorms, covering his face with his right hand. His
left hand clawed at the brick wall uselessly.
Akechi stormed up to him. Ryoji looked up and moved his hand away from his face,
revealing ugly tears rolling down his cheeks.
“Oh, Akechi-kun,” Ryoji said. He tried to smile. “I didn’t see you there.”
“Who the hell do you think you are?”
“Wh-what?”
“You really think tears are going to solve anything?”
“Of-of course not.” Ryoji wiped away his tears with his palms, sniffing shudderingly. “Sorry.
They just sort of happened.”
“That’s not what I meant.” Akechi resisted the urge to punch the wall. “Cry all you want for
all I care. But you’re just going to accept this lying down?”
“What do you mean?”
“You’re just accepting your fate!” Akechi grabbed Ryoji by the shirt. “You’re yielding to
some invisible force just because it’s unbeatable?”
“That’s kind of the thing about unbeatable forces,” Ryoji said. “You can’t not yield to them.”
“That’s because you haven’t even tried!”
“What do you want me to do?” Ryoji demanded. “Go up to Nyx and say, ‘actually, humanity
doesn’t want to end today. Sorry. Come again later.’ Is that it?”
“That’s better than doing nothing!”
“Akechi, do you want to know why the fall is coming?” Ryoji asked, pushing him away. “It’s
not because a bunch of shadows gathered in one place. It’s not because one person decided to
be evil. It was everyone! It was people like you who decided you’d rather see everything burn
than actually believe in the good of this world.”
Akechi sucked in a breath.

“The world isn’t good,” Akechi said. “That doesn’t mean you have to bow down to its every
whim.”
“Do you think I want this?!” Ryoji screamed. “I want nothing more than to go back to the
ignorance I was in two days ago. I want to go back to pretending I’m a real person, with real
parents, real friends, and real feelings!”
“Your feelings are real!” Akechi pushed Ryoji against the wall. “They’re real as day! Why
the hell are you denying their existence?!”
“I’m not human.” Ryoji’s lip trembled, and more tears ran down his cheeks.
“You don’t have to be human to have feelings.”
“Look,” Ryoji whispered. “I wish I could break free of this. I wish I could sever myself from
Nyx here and now. But I can’t. It’s not possible. And I think even you know better than to
fight against the impossible.”
Akechi grit his teeth and said nothing. His anger was getting muddied by an emotion that felt
much more akin to grief. He didn’t trust himself to say anything he wouldn’t regret.
“I’m sorry,” Ryoji whispered.
Lovers Arcana: Rank 8

Chapter End Notes

NOW its the beginning of the end. For real this time.
Poor ryoji... my poor boy T-T
and poor aigis too, i just feel really bad for ryoji sadge
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 37: December 3–19, 2009
Chapter Summary

Everybody's sad
But that isn't gonna stop the social link grind baby

Chapter Notes

tw: references to death, ptsd, self loathing, implied/referenced child abuse, grief

See the end of the chapter for more notes

In the relative safety of his bedroom, Akechi seized the two paper cranes sitting on his desk
and balled them up in his hand. He threw them across the room, and they bounced off the
wall pathetically.
Ryoji’s voice echoed inside his head like a broken record, “if you fold one-thousand of
them…”
A wish would come true.
A stupid legend for stupid children unable to face the reality of their situation.
Children like Akechi… insisting that others continue to fight what cannot be changed.
Akechi walked across the room and picked up the cranes. He sat down at his desk and
attempted to crease them back into place. Ryoji’s crane was easy enough to fix, but Akechi’s
shoddily made bird ended up looking like a corpse when he was done.
Akechi placed it down next to Ryoji’s crane anyway. He then took the two other pieces of
origami paper Ryoji had gifted him and folded two more, each one looking slightly less
broken than the rest.
When he was done, Akechi put his head in his hands. What the hell was he doing? This was
the sort of ridiculousness Akira would engage in, not Akechi.
When Akechi looked up, he saw Taiyaki swimming toward the surface of his tank hopefully.
Akechi sighed and pulled out the fish food.

“You’re lucky,” Akechi told the fish as he put the food in the tank. “You don’t have to think
about the fate of the world.”
Taiyaki ate a piece of food in response.

The dorms became extremely subdued. They had Chidori’s funeral a couple days later, but
nobody really spoke. Everyone was too preoccupied with the terrible truth of their situation.
“Please tell me all of this is just a bad dream,” Junpei whispered as he stared at Chidori’s
grave. “I’ll wake up, and everything will be normal again. Chidori will be alive, and the
world won’t be ending…”
“It’s real,” Minato whispered.
“Y-yeah,” Junpei said. He covered his face with his hands. “Goddammit.”

“Ryoji left school,” Mitsuru told Akechi and Ken the following evening. “Everyone thinks
that his parents have transferred again.”
“He’s still around, though, right?” Ken asked. “I thought we had until the end of this month.”
“Yes.” Mitsuru nodded. “I thought I caught a glimpse of him at the station, actually.”
“Coward,” Akechi muttered.
Ken grimaced, but nobody argued with him. Not even Minato, sitting in the corner of the
room.

“I can’t believe this is happening,” Yukari whispered when Akechi visited her at the hospital.
“I can’t believe I missed it all. Why do concussions take so long to heal?”
“It’s amazing how fragile your brain is,” Akechi said dryly.
“Is now really the time for sarcasm?” Yukari blinked rapidly. “I mean, everything is slipping
through our fingertips. How do you choose how to die?”
Akechi didn’t say anything.
“Akechi-kun,” Yukari said. “You’ve died before, right? You know what it’s like. Maybe you
could… I don’t know… give insight?”
“I don’t know what happens after death,” Akechi snapped.
“I know, but, what are you deciding?”

“I don’t know.”
“Oh.” Yukari sighed. “I know it’s a touchy subject. I shouldn’t have said anything.”
“You shouldn’t have.”
“It’s just… my father tried to stop this from happening.” Yukari’s voice choked up. “He
separated the shadows, he stopped Nyx’s coming. And we… reunited them. We played right
into Ikutsuki’s hand, and now Nyx is going to destroy everything. And I don’t know what to
do.”
“Nobody knows what to do.”

“Exams are coming up,” Akihiko told the group weakly. “Not that it seems that important
right now.”
“We should give them our all, right?” Fuuka asked. “Just in case we manage to…”
“You heard Ryoji,” Shinjiro said. “There is no just in case.”
“But we’re the heroes,” Ken said weakly. “Isn’t there always a way to defeat the villain?”
“Do the heroes in your shows ever kill Death?” Shinjiro asked.
“Well, no…”
Junpei stood up suddenly.
“Where are you going?” Mitsuru asked.
“To study.” Junpei stormed off. “Maybe it’ll help me forget any of this is happening.”

“It’s been a week,” Mitsuru said one evening in the lounge. “What are we going to do… are
you okay Fuuka?”
“Oh, it’s nothing,” Fuuka said. “You just seem so calm.”
Mitsuru hugged herself. “I’m not.”
“It’s not a simple choice,” Shinjiro said. “But I, for one, don’t plan on hiding from the truth.
What about you Akihiko?”
Akihiko looked away. “I don’t know… but I don’t plan on running.”
“That only leaves one option, doesn’t it?” Akechi asked.
“What do you mean?” Ken asked.

“Isn’t it obvious?” Akechi crossed his arms. “You either fight Nyx head on and fail, or you
forget any of this ever happened. The second option is running away. It’s running away from
everything that happened.”
Junpei clenched his fists. “It’s easy for you to be on your high horse, isn’t it?”
“Junpei…” Fuuka began.
“You don’t think that you’re worth anything, so who cares if you die, is that it?” Junpei
jumped to his feet. “Heck, for all we know, it’s your fault that we’re in this mess! The world
sure as hell didn’t end in your timeline! Maybe, if you weren’t around, we wouldn’t have
managed to defeat all of those shadows!”
“Junpei!” Mitsuru snapped, even though Akechi knew they had all been thinking it.
“It’s not his fault,” Minato said.
“And you!” Junpei spun toward him furiously. “You had that thing inside you this entire
time! You raised it, damnit–”
“Ryoji is not a thing!” Minato snapped.
Junpei shut his mouth. He collapsed backwards onto the couch and covered his face with his
hands. “Of course, he’s not.” Junpei leaned forward. “Damnit, I’m sounding like my old man.
I’m just… I’m so scared. I don’t think I’ve ever been this scared in my life.”
“We’re all scared,” Shinjiro said. “But pointing fingers doesn’t do shit.”
“Minato, you’re the one who has to do the deed,” Mitsuru said. “What do you think?”
Minato looked away. “I don’t think we should talk about this until we can have the entire
group.”
“Aigis might not be back from repairs in time,” Mitsuru said. “But you’re right. We should at
least wait for Yukari to contribute. We still have time. For now, let’s just live our lives as
normally as possible.”
As if that was remotely possible.

The city was almost beautiful during sunset. The sun set the entire sky aflame, and the cityscape stood out against the horizon. It was the sort of thing Kitagawa would frame with his
fingers and contemplate at various angles.
Akechi stood on the roof as the winter wind smacked his face. Behind him, he heard the door
to the roof open and close.
“This is a fine mess, isn’t it?”

Akechi sighed, causing a small cloud to emerge from his lips. “That’s one way of putting it.”
“Bet you regret getting mixed up with us now,” Shinjiro said. “Can’t imagine this was what
you had in mind when you wanted to find out more about the Dark Hour.”
“I’m not all that surprised that this is how it turned out.”
“You wouldn’t be.”
Akechi took a deep breath. “Do you agree with Junpei?”
“What are you talking about?”
“The rest of the group isn’t helpless by any means, but there’s no denying that I played a
major role in defeating the powerful shadows. Maybe… “ Akechi felt like it was a month
ago, and Takeharu died all over again. “Forget I said anything.”
“You’re not seriously listening to Junpei’s angry finger-pointing, are you?” Shinjiro asked.
“We already talked about this. It’s not your fault we’re in this mess. It’s that damn Ikutsuki.”
“Obviously,” Akechi snapped. “But he’s right. The world didn't end in my timeline. When I
swooped in back in May, those three were on the verge of retreat. How do you know I
haven’t so badly destroyed things that the world really is coming to an end?”
“Look, even if your presence led to this domino effect that got us to the point, it’s not your
fault.” Shinjiro nudged Akechi’s shoulder with his arm. “That bastard that yanked you to this
time is to blame.”
“Oh yes, because nothing more makes me feel better than blaming other evil people for my
own evil actions.”
“Stop acting like you chose to end the world.” Shinjiro rolled his eyes. “We were all fooled.”
“Maybe I’m cursed. That’s what everyone else seems to think of me.”
“Nobody thinks that.”
Akechi said nothing. He was too tired of circular debates.
Shinjiro sighed. “Look, we’re here now. We have to make the most of it.”
“Make the most of our deaths?”
“Make the most of our lives, genius.” Shinjiro hunched in on himself as he coughed. “I’d
think you’d have figured that out by now.”
“And what do you suggest I do?” Akechi asked. “Try to stop Death itself? As everyone has
so helpfully said, that’s not possible.”

“Then, I guess you have a question to ask yourself,” Shinjiro said. “How would you rather
die? Would you like to die fighting an impossible fight, or do you want to die while living to
the fullest?”
“Maybe I’m tired,” Akechi said. “Maybe I don’t know what I want.”
“I think you do.”
Akechi thought he did too.
“And what do you plan to do?”
“Isn’t it obvious?” Shinjiro asked. “I’m going to fight. I’d rather die on my own terms than in
some hospital bed anyway.”
Akechi swallowed the lump in his throat. He was mortified that it was even there to begin
with. “Yeah. I would too.”
Moon Arcana: Rank 9

On their way back from school, Ken started heading to the shrine instead of the dorms.
Akechi accompanied him.
“I’m really scared,” Ken admitted after he paid his respects. “Like, really scared.”
Ken sat down at the bench. Akechi sat down next to him.
“What are you planning on doing?” Akechi asked.
Ken looked down at his lap and kicked at a few fallen leaves. “I talked about it with Shinjiro
yesterday night,” he said. “I didn’t know what to think at the time, but… I think I would
rather go down fighting.”
“Yeah?” Akechi asked. “You really think it’s worth it?”
Ken shrugged. “For the longest time after my mom died, I thought… she’d want me to
avenge her. She’d want her killer to go to hell. And you know that… I didn’t really plan on
living past that either. But we’re both alive. And Shinjiro… he’s not really a bad person. He
makes a killer cake.”
Ken glanced at Akechi, as though he expected Akechi to make some snide remark. Akechi
gestured for him to go on.
“Well, I just figure… if we let the world die, we might be getting rid of a lot of good stuff
too. So, that’s why I’m going to fight. I think my mom would want me to fight for my
future.”

Akechi’s mother lost her fight for her future long ago. A vague, absurd part of him wondered
what she would think of all this. To be honest, he never made his decisions based on what his
mother wanted. It was only ever about him.
But Akechi had no way of knowing what his mother would have wanted in this situation, so
there was no point even considering it.
“That’s very courageous of you,” Akechi said.
“Not really,” Ken said. He reached into his pockets. “I’m still really scared.”
He pulled a small action figure from his pockets. Upon closer inspection, Akechi realized that
it was an action figure of Feather Hawk.
“My mom bought me an entire set of Featherman action figures for my birthday on the year
she died,” Ken said. “Most of them are still in my room. I was lucky to be able to hold onto
them.”
“Where are you going with this?” Akechi asked.
Ken’s cheeks turned slightly pink, and he placed the action figure in Akechi’s hands. “I want
you to have this.”
Akechi stared blankly at the action figure before looking at Ken in complete befuddlement.
“What?”
“This is going to sound kind of childish,” Ken said, “but you remind me a lot of Feather
Hawk.”
“The hero?” Akechi asked doubtfully. Even the action figure had his hands on his hips and
his chest boldly puffed out. Akechi was none of that.
“I know you weren’t always the best person,” Ken said. “But you’re one of the bravest
people I’ve ever met, and you’ll do anything to protect your friends. Just like him.” Ken
poked the action figure. Akechi could still barely believe what he was hearing.
“If I recall that night correctly, I pointed my evoker at your head like it was a gun and
threatened to kill you.”
“Well, yes,” Ken admitted.
“And I kept secrets that endangered the entire group.”
“That was pretty upsetting.”
“So where the hell is this coming from?”
“At first, when you pointed that Evoker at me, I was really angry,” Ken said. He lowered his
voice to something barely above a whisper. “I thought you cared more about Shinjiro than

me, which might be true, I don’t know. But then, when Takaya came, and I lied about being
the navigator, do you remember what you said?”
Akechi didn’t remember many details from that night. Too many revelations had happened at
once to stay focused on exact phrasing.
“What did I say?” Akechi asked.
“You said, ‘Nobody is dying tonight.’” Ken’s eyes lit up. “You said it so confidently too, like
you knew you could single handedly protect us both from death. And then you summoned
Hereward, and we all lived.”
Akechi didn’t know what to say. Nobody had talked about him like that before. Not like a
hero to be admired. Not his true self, at any rate.
“I’m not a hero,” he finally said. He tried to give the action figure back to Ken. “I can’t take
this.”
“You saved me that day,” Ken said, pushing the toy back into Akechi’s hand. “I don’t care
what you think. You’re my hero.”

Thou art I… and I am thou
The connection that you have nurtured has been transformed

Thy bond shall be the compass of redemption
and break the yoke of thy heart

The power of the Justice Arcana has been set free
Granting thee ultimate power

Akechi stared at the action figure in his hand. He remembered telling his mother that he
wanted to be a hero when he was older, that he planned on saving them from their horrible
situation. His mother told him that heroes didn’t exist.
Heroes didn’t exist. There were only people. Broken, messed-up people.
Akechi bit back a million snide remarks about idealism and how much of a hero Akechi
really was. It probably wasn’t anything that Ken hadn’t heard before.

“Thank you,” Goro said quietly.
Ken smiled.

At the same bench, two days later, Akechi saw Minato while walking Koromaru. Minato
made eye contact with him and gestured to him to sit down. Akechi did so.
“What are you going to do?” Minato asked immediately. “People are starting to decide.”
“I’m not a coward,” Akechi said. “I’m going to fight. Obviously.”
“Obviously,” Minato muttered. “Why?”
“Because I refuse to let some deity snuff me out like a bug,” Akechi said. “My life is my
own, and if that involves trying to fight the end of the world, then I guess that’s what I’m
going to do.”
Minato nodded, but he didn’t say anything.
“I know it’s not a noble reason,” Akechi said. “But I’m not noble. I’m sorry.”
“I understand,” Minato said immediately. “You don’t have… you don’t have to be noble to do
what you think is right.”
Silence passed between them for a few minutes. Akechi tried not to feel irritated. Was that all
Minato had to say on the matter? Akechi basically said that he didn’t give a crap about the
rest of the world, and Minato only said that he understood.
Then again, this was Minato who Akechi was thinking about.
“What are you going to do?” Akechi asked. “You are the one who’s going to be making this
call.”
“I don’t like thinking about it.”
“Don’t tell me you actually plan on killing Ryoji.”
Minato hesitated. “No,” he said. “I’m not.”
Akechi bristled. “Why did you hesitate?”
“Don’t take it personally,” Minato said coldly. “Maybe I don’t want to remember all of my
trauma.”
“So you’d rather run from it.”
“My sister and parents died in a car crash the night Aigis… sealed Ryoji away in me, or
whatever,” Minato said. “I was seven and injured, and I lost my entire world right before
being sent to the foster system.”

Akechi hadn’t realized Minato lost his parents on that same night ten years ago. Maybe he
should have guessed. Why else would a seven-year-old be standing in the middle of the
moonlight bridge?
“My sister is dead,” Minato continued. “My parents are gone. Ikutsuki betrayed us,
Takeharu’s dead, Akinari’s dead, Chidori’s dead, and Ryoji’s going to die too. Count.”
Eight. Eight people in Minato’s life gone.
Akechi had never wanted to run from the truth. He faced his reality with unshaking rage.
But Minato wasn’t Akechi. Akira had been tempted by Maruki’s reality. Why wouldn’t others
be tempted by the idea of living their last months in bliss?
“I’m not killing Ryoji,” Minato continued. “I don’t think I could.”
“Good.”
“It’s not just that.” Minato clasped his hands together. “Remember what we talked about
before?”
“We talked about a lot of things before,” Akechi said. “You’re going to have to be more
specific.”
“About sandcastles,” Minato said. He smiled. “Sorry. About if the world is worth saving.”
“It’s not,” Akechi said immediately.
Minato shrugged. “Maybe not. But I’ve been doing a lot of thinking this month.”
“And you decided that there’s good in this hellhole?”
“My sister and I built sandcastles together,” Minato said. “And we had a dog. And I was
happy.”
“I’m happy for you,” Akechi said shortly. “It’s a luxury not every child has.”
“I’m not done.” Minato gave him an uncharacteristic glower. “I built sandcastles with you
guys. Koromaru is a good companion. Ryoji is… Ryoji. And I think I might be happy now.”
“You’re happy in the midst of all this?”
“Happy is the wrong word.” Minato leaned over and pressed his clasped hands against his
forehead. “The idea of losing everything is… painful. But, I don’t know how to describe it.”
He sat up and pressed his hand against his chest. “I feel alive.”
“Friends don’t fix the world.”
“But they change how you see it.”

Koromaru trotted up to Akechi, ready to free him from this terrible conversation. Akechi took
the out eagerly. He stood up abruptly.
“I need to go back to the dorms.”
“Okay.”
“You need to talk to Ryoji.”
“What?”
“Just talk to him.”
Death Arcana: Rank 8

“I can’t believe that I get discharged from the hospital just in time to take exams,” Yukari
bemoaned the next morning. “Isn’t there enough going on?”
“If you start feeling any symptoms, ask to leave the classroom immediately,” Mitsuru said
sharply. “We can’t afford to lose you.”
“Yes, because I’ve been extremely helpful while being holed up in the hospital.” Yukari
rolled her eyes as she ate the breakfast Shinjiro made for her. “Although, I could get used to
all of this welcome home food.”
“I’ll stop if you try to exploit it,” Shinjiro said immediately.
“Bummer.”
“Don’t talk about yourself that way, Yukari-senpai,” Ken said. “You’re an integral part of our
team.”
“He’s right, you know.” Junpei pushed his food around with his chopsticks, not looking
particularly hungry. “I’ve missed having you elbow me every time I say something unfunny.”
“You haven’t really been saying many unfunny things lately,” Akihiko said.
“Don’t tell her that!” Junpei protested. “I’m trying to return to our normal atmosphere!”
“I don’t think things really can be considered normal right now regardless,” Fuuka said,
looking around. “I mean, the lounge still feels empty without Aigis.”
Yukari’s shoulders slumped. “Was it really bad?”
“Yes,” Mitsuru said. “Repairs are well underway, but very few of the people in the labs were
there when the Anti Shadow Weapons were initially built. We’re being forced to relearn
aspects of the technology.”
“Poor Aigis,” Ken said.

“Poor us,” Akechi said. “Aigis is one of our best chances against this Nyx.”
“Would it kill you to stop being an ass for five seconds?” Junpei asked.
“I’m not going to apologize for telling the truth.”
“All you’ve been doing is saying stuff we already know while being a real prick about it.”
Junpei slammed his chopsticks against his plate. “We’re all scared! You can drop that toughguy act.”
“I’m not scared,” Akechi snarled.
“Of course you’re not.” Junpei rolled his eyes. “You’re scared of us. I can’t imagine how
afraid you are of Nyx.”
Akechi stood up and slammed his hand against the table. “You take that back.”
“Whatever.”
Junpei stormed out of the room. Yukari watched him go with a confused expression.
“Did I miss something?” she asked. “Since when was Akechi-kun scared of us?”
“I’m not scared of you,” Akechi said. “Don’t listen to him.”
“Akechi–” Mitsuru began, using the tone of voice she had when she was trying to take charge
of the situation.
“I’m not dealing with this,” Akechi said. He grabbed his bookbag. “And you shouldn’t either.
Exams, remember?” He turned toward Ken, who was still only half-way through his
breakfast. “I’ll see you at school.”

“You have to talk about this eventually,” Mitsuru said after knocking on Akechi’s door
approximately five times.
“I don’t think I do, actually.”
“Goro–” Akechi tensed. “I’m sorry, I meant Akechi. I just want to understand what’s going
on. Please, let me in.”
Akechi bit back a frustrated scream. Mitsuru probably wasn’t going to give up, even if
Akechi wanted to hurl the most insulting thing he could think of in her face. It wasn’t as
though she could have Takeharu be damage control.
The thought was so bizarrely sobering that Akechi opened the door without another thought.
Mitsuru stepped inside with a grateful expression, and Akechi shut the door tightly behind
her.

“What is there to talk about?” Akechi asked immediately. “I’m not afraid of you. End of
story.”
“Junpei seems to believe otherwise,” Mitsuru said. “Why is that?”
“Maybe he’s just seeing what he wants to see.” Akechi shrugged, crossing his arms. “I don’t
have a damn idea what’s going on inside of his head.”
“You were once a detective,” Mitsuru said. Her eyes were sharp and calculating. “You must
have a suspicion as to why Junpei’s been so terse with you lately.”
Akechi dug his nails into his arms. “I’m not afraid of you,” he said. “I could take you down
within minutes. You’re the ones who should be afraid of me. I’m the danger. Not you.”
“Akechi.”
Akechi shut his mouth. What the hell was he even saying?
“Please, be honest.” Mitsuru looked so tired. The circles underneath her eyes were so
pronounced that Akechi could see them through Mitsuru’s fading concealer. “We can’t afford
to be divided right now. Not when things are so strained as it is.”
Akechi strode across the room and leaned against his desk. He dug his palms into the edge of
the wood. It didn’t do much to ground him, but it was fine to pretend.
“I told Junpei the truth,” he said tersely. “The only reason any of you kept me around after
October fourth was because of how valuable of an asset I was to the team. He took offense to
that. He thought I was comparing you to Strega, which I wasn’t. There it is. That’s what
happened.”
Mitsuru didn’t say anything for a long moment as she stared at Taiyaki, who was swimming
around in his bowl obliviously. Akechi stepped to the right to block her view.
“Why won’t you say something?!”
“What do you want me to say?” Mitsuru asked. “I can’t change how you see us.”
“So, it’s true, then,” Akechi said. Relief rushed through him. Finally, an explanation that
made sense. “You just want me for my skill set.”
“Absolutely not.” Mitsuru started walking toward the door. “You’re a valuable member of
this team, Akechi-kun, and it’s not just because you’re powerful. If I thought for a minute
that your intentions toward us weren’t sound, you wouldn’t be here.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Akechi asked, all of the tension in his body returning. “Are
you trying to say that you think I’m good? I thought we’d long established that I’m not–”
“You are my friend,” Mitsuru said sharply. “And you have always tried to protect us when it
counts. I trust you, and I have good reason to. Why can’t that be enough for you?”

“Because it’s foolish,” Akechi said. “Haven’t you heard of lying?”
MItsuru spun toward Akechi with a blazing expression, her hair flying behind her. “Ikutsuki
was a liar,” she said. “My grandfather was a liar. Your father was and still is a liar. Do you
know what they all have in common?”
Akechi trembled with rage at the mention of Shido. “What?”
“They never went around telling everyone they met that they were the scum of the earth.”
Mitsuru’s voice cracked. “They pretend that they’re kind, and generous, and then they yank
the rug out from under you.”
Akechi almost said that Shido behaved in no such fashion. He never hid the fact that he was
evil from Akechi. He never softened his rage when Akechi screwed up.
But it was impossible to forget what his cognitive counterpart had said the day Akechi had
lost it all. Shido knew that Akechi would bend at the mere thought of praise. And Shido
tamed him with it.
“You are not like them,” Mitsuru whispered. “So don’t you dare keep comparing yourself to
them.”
She left the room without another word. Akechi sat down to avoid passing out.
Empress Arcana: Rank 8

On the final day of exams, Akechi swallowed his pride and texted Junpei during school.
Akechi Goro: I want to talk.
It took half an hour for Junpei to respond.
Iori Junpei: Meet me at the cemetery.
It didn’t take a genius to figure out which part of the cemetery Junpei was talking about.
When Akechi got there, Junpei had already left fresh flowers at Chidori’s tombstone. Akechi
waited as Junpei finished paying his respects.
Junpei stood up when he was done and approached Akechi. “Let’s talk outside.”
They exited the cemetery and stood in front of an old restaurant nearby. “What do you want?”
Junpei asked tersely.
“I wanted to apologize,” Akechi said.
“Is this going to be more of your martyr bullshit again?” Junpei asked. “Because if so, I don’t
want to hear it. I’m sorry for blaming you for Nyx. It's not your fault. Okay? So stop kicking

yourself every time something bad happens.”
“That’s what I was going to apologize to you over, actually,” Akechi snapped. “But if you
don’t think you want to hear it, then I can leave.”
Akechi began to turn around, but, out of the corner of his eye, he saw Junpei shake his head
frantically. “Wait, wait, stop!”
Akechi turned back toward Junpei.
“I guess I’ll hear this apology of yours,” Junpei said. “But it had better be good.”
Akechi bowed. “I’m very sorry for comparing you to Strega, however unintentional it may
have been. I am also sorry for making assumptions you believe are false.”
Junpei didn’t say anything for a long moment. Akechi grit his teeth impatiently.
“That’s it?” Junpei asked.
“I’m trying to be genuine.”
“You didn’t admit that you were wrong!” Junpei brought his hand down over his face.
“What’s the point of an apology if you’re not going to admit you’re wrong?”
“That would be lying, and I somehow thought you would like that even less.”
“Well, sure…” Junpei sighed and stared up at the overcast sky. “I don’t get you at all. Why is
it so hard for you to believe that we actually like you? How many times have we told you that
now?”
“If nobody had ever given a damn about you, and suddenly ten people claimed to, how would
you react?”
Junpei’s face fell. “I guess it wouldn’t be easy, huh?”
“No.”
“But what about your friend? What was his name? Akino? Akiro?”
“Akira.”
“Yeah, him!” Junpei’s face lit up. “He liked you, didn’t he? You spent a lot of time with him,
from what you implied in your story.”
“We were rivals,” Akechi said. “I was spying on him, and he was likely spying on me. None
of that was genuine.”
At least, that was what Akechi had thought until he was yanked back to life by Maruki.
“Oh.” Junpei shoved his hands into his pockets and sighed. “In that case, yeah. Maybe I
understand where you’re coming from.”

Junpei started walking away, gesturing for Akechi to follow him. Akechi walked alongside
him, not struggling to keep up with Junpei’s leisurely pace.
“I told you about my dad, right?” Junpei asked.
Akechi nodded.
“He’s an alcoholic,” Junpei said. “The things that he would say were… oh man, sometimes
they were awful. And my mom wouldn’t do anything! She was too scared, or maybe she still
loves him. Hell if I know. I was so relieved when I got to move into the dorms with SEES. It
was a way out.”
“Do you regret it?” Akechi asked, echoing Shinjiro’s words.
“No.” Junpei shook his head with a steely look in his eyes. “I wouldn’t have met you guys, or
Chidori… I don’t regret it at all. But I didn’t really want to trust Ikutsuki-san at first either.”
Junpei sighed. “Although, I guess it doesn’t matter. I did trust him in the end, and now we’re
in this mess.”
“It’s not your fault.”
“It feels a bit like it.” Junpei scuffed the sidewalk with the corner of his shoe. “Man, what am
I even saying? My point is that I get it. I might not completely get it, but I sort of see we’re
you’re coming from. I just wish that these past months have given you a reason to trust us,
that’s all.”
“I trust you,” Akechi said. “In battle, at least. Trust has nothing to do with this.”
“You don’t trust us to keep you around after all this is over.”
“And what would you have me do?”
Junpei grimaced. “Take a chance? I don’t know.”
“Taking risks only gets you hurt.”
“Okay, then let’s have a little bet.” Junpei grinned, but there was no light behind his eyes. “If
we somehow manage to get through this, you’ll owe me five dinners if nobody even
mentions getting rid of you. You can’t bring it up yourself.”
“And what’s the time frame for this?” Akechi asked. He was almost surprised that Junpei was
taking advantage of his insecurities just for some free dinner. Then again, the chances of them
subverting the end of the world was so slim that Akechi couldn’t really bring himself to be
offended.
“Three weeks.” Junpei held up three fingers. “Three weeks after we survive the end of the
world. And if somebody does even mention it, I’ll owe you five dinners.”
Akechi was definitely going to win this bet. Even if everybody wanted to keep him around as
a friend, someone would eventually have to bring up the fact that two elementary schoolers

were living in high school dorms for no apparent reason anymore.
“It’s a deal,” Akechi said. He put on his winning smile. “May the best person win.”
Junpei shuddered. “That gave me chills.”
“Good.”
Temperance Arcana: Rank 6

Chapter End Notes

This is the beginning of the rank max speedrun.
Also, in case any of you were thinking 'wait a minute we're only on chapter 37 but we're
almost done with persona 3' that's because this fic also covers persona 4 and then some.
:D
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3
ALSO I FORGOT BUT please check out ghostshadow-k-r's art. It is very cool :3

Chapter 38: December 21–31, 2009
Chapter Summary

my poor boy ryoji
my poor sweet boy
i love him so much

Chapter Notes

tw: references to death, ptsd, sadness?????

See the end of the chapter for more notes

A marked shift in attitude could be felt throughout the dorms. Where there was once despair
and unrest, more and more people were coming to the same decision.
They were going to fight.
“Only ten more days before Ryoji comes,” Yukari said after school one day. “Speaking of
which, where is he? He’s not at school anymore.”
“We don’t know,” Akihiko said. “He’s disappeared.”
“You haven’t tried to contact him?” Yukari asked Minato.
Minato said nothing.

Later that night, Minato knocked on Akechi’s bedroom door. Akechi reluctantly let him in.
“What is it?”
Minato shifted awkwardly in place. “You told me to find Ryoji?”
“Yes, and?”
“I can’t.”
“You can’t bring yourself to do it, or you literally can’t find him?” Akechi asked.

“I literally can’t find him.” Minato’s voice shook. “He’s not at his apartment anymore. It’s
like he left the city entirely.”
“He can’t have left the city entirely.” Akechi rolled his eyes. “He needs to come back to beg
us to kill him.”
“That’s not funny.”
“I wasn’t trying to be.”
Minato sighed and sat down on Akechi’s desk chair. “I don’t know what to do.”
“Have you tried his favorite haunts?” Akechi asked.
“He’s nowhere.” Minato’s hands shook. “I just… I wanted to make sure he’s alright.”
“I’m sure he’s having a marvelous time feeling sorry for himself.” Not that Akechi was one
to talk. He wrote the book on self-pity.
“I’m scared,” Minato said suddenly. “What if he got the date wrong? What if he’s already
disappeared with the Dark Hour? There’s so much I haven’t been able to say. So much I want
to tell him–”
“Minato-kun,” Akechi interrupted.
Minato froze. He stared up at Akechi expectantly.
“I’ll try to find him,” he said.
“Where?” Minato’s voice cracked. “I even asked Elizabeth and Theodore. They had no idea
where he is.”
“Of course, they don’t,” Akechi snapped. “They hardly ever go outside.”
“Aren’t they supernatural?”
“That doesn’t make them all-knowing.”
“Oh.” Minato stared at the paper cranes sitting on Akechi’s desk. A flash of embarrassment
rose up within Akechi. Why hadn’t he hidden them? Now, even Minato would be able to see
how naïve Akechi could be. “You made three more?”
“So what if I had?” Akechi said. “I was bored.”
“No, no, it’s good.” Minato smiled. “I didn’t realize you believed in that kind of stuff.”
“I don’t. Do you?”
Minato shook his head. “Not really. But Ryoji really liked it, and recently…” Minato stood
up. “My room is full of them.”

Akechi pinched the bridge of his nose. “Look, I’ll try to find Ryoji. But if he doesn’t want to
be found. There’s nothing I can do.”
“I know.” Minato was still smiling. “Thank you.”
“I haven’t done anything yet.”
“Yes, you have.”
Akechi frowned. Minato must have noticed his frustrated confusion, because he clarified.
“Thank you for believing in him.”
“I don’t.” Akechi crossed his arms. “I hate him at this very moment, in fact. He won’t even
try to change things.”
“Well, if you find him, maybe you can convince him otherwise.”
Akechi shook his head. “He’s more likely to listen to you.”
Death Arcana: Rank 9

“Christmas Eve is only two days away,” Ken observed on their way to school. “Do you have
any plans, Emiko-kun?”
Emiko nodded with a small smile on her face. “My dad, sister, and I are going to eat fried
chicken and watch a movie together.”
“Really?” Akechi asked.
“Yep!” Emiko was practically skipping. “Now that her exams are over, my sister can relax for
the rest of this semester. Or, at least, that’s what she says. She says that she’ll even let me
help bake a Christmas cake for dessert.”
“Wow,” Ken said. “That’s amazing. I’m glad things are going better between you two.”
“Me too.” Emiko gave the two of them an inquisitive look. “What about you guys? Any
Christmas plans?”
“Oh, um, we haven’t really thought about it.” Ken’s face fell. They had been a bit
preoccupied with counting down the days until Ryoji came back to think about Christmas.
“Maybe we should have a small celebration too.”
“And we could get Shinji to cook for us again,” Akechi said sarcastically. “We could all hold
hands and talk about everything we’re grateful for.”
“It was just an idea.”
Emiko frowned. “Is something going on at home?” she asked.

“It’s nothing, Emiko-kun,” Akechi said. “I’ve just been having a bad day. I’m sorry.”
“I think a Christmas celebration would be fun,” Ken said. “It could help us take our mind off
of things too.”
“Things?” Emiko glanced at another Lost standing by the side of a building. “Oh, yeah, the
Apathy Syndrome is getting worse, isn’t it? It’s kind of scary.”
“Yeah,” Ken said. “That’s one way of putting it.”
“I can deliver you all some cake for your celebration, if you want,” Emiko said. “Although,
come to think of it, I still don’t know where you live.”
“It’s really complicated,” Ken said. “We’re sorry.”
“It’s okay.”
“I just don’t know if the others will want to celebrate Christmas this year,” Akechi told Ken
pointedly.
“Maybe, we should take Christmas extra seriously.”
Since it might be their last one.
Akechi sighed. “Well, you can take it up with Mitsuru.”
“Is Mitsuru in charge?” Emiko asked.
“Pretty much,” Ken said. “I bet she’ll agree to some sort of celebration. It’ll raise our spirits.”
“Exactly!” Emiko grinned. “I know that this Christmas is going to raise my spirits.”
“My spirits aren’t so easily raised,” Akechi said.
Emiko giggled. “Speaking of raised spirits,” she said. She rummaged through her backpack
while they walked. “My sister gave me a gift the other day. She said she saw them and
thought of me.”
Emiko pulled out a handful of kawaii cat gel-pens. Small catheads sat on the top of the pens,
smiling at the three of them.
“Aww,” Ken said, poking one of the pens.
“She just gave them to you out of nowhere?” Akechi asked.
“Well, she bought her own too,” Emiko said. “But, yep! She didn’t even ask me to pay her
back.”
“That’s kind of how gifts work,” Ken said.
“You’re right.” Emiko held the pens out to Akechi and Ken. “I want you each to have one.”

“What?” Akechi asked.
“It can be a symbol of our friendship,” Emiko said. “And that way, whenever you look at the
pen, you can be reminded of me! Just like I’m reminded of how much my sister is trying to
make things better between us.”
“Wow,” Ken said. “I don’t know what to say.”
“You don’t have to say anything,” Emiko said. She smiled. “You guys have been my first
friends since forever. I had almost forgotten how good it felt to have people who cared about
you.”
“You’ve been one of our only friends since forever too,” Ken said. Akechi didn’t counter his
statement. He wasn’t wrong.
Emiko’s face grew more solemn. “You guys have been there for me. And you’ve never called
me annoying, even when I probably have annoyed you guys a little bit. And you’ve been so
patient tutoring me, Goro-kun.”
“There’s no need to thank me,” Akechi said, feeling oddly embarrassed.
“But that’s why I want to remember this friendship,” Emiko said. “And I don’t want you to
forget about me if we ever part ways. Got that?”

Thou art I… and I am thou
The connection that you have nurtured has been transformed

Thy bond shall be the compass of redemption
and break the yoke of thy heart

The power of the Strength Arcana has been set free
Granting thee ultimate power

“Emiko-kun…” Ken said.
Emiko laughed nervously as she held out the pens with more vigor. “But could you please
take one? My arm is getting tired.”
Ken quickly picked out the pen with a tabby-cat at the top. Akechi snatched the black and
white one without really looking at it.

“Thank you, Emiko-kun,” Akechi said.
“Yeah, thanks,” Ken echoed.
“You’re welcome!” Emiko really was skipping to school now. “I know I just said this, but
I’m really glad you guys are my friends.”
Later, at class, Akechi inspected the pen he had chosen. His subconscious must have been
more sentimental than he realized. The cathead was black, but its white highlights made it
resemble Morgana.
Even now, Akechi could picture the Phantom Thieves taunting him about pancakes.
Damn that cat.

Later that day, they celebrated Fuuka’s birthday. The celebration was slightly more subdued
than past birthday dinners, but everybody was still glad of the distraction. Akechi and Fuuka
even worked together to make cookies, since Shinjiro was always the one baking cake for
them.
Thanks to Fuuka’s desire to experiment with the recipe, they came out a charred and
misshapen mess.
“You sure those things are edible?” Shinjiro asked when they presented the fruits of their
labor.
“I tried one of them,” Akihiko said. “They taste fine.”
However, because of Fuuka’s minor celebration, Ken didn’t get the opportunity to ask
Mitsuru about a Christmas Eve party until the following morning. For some reason, Ken felt
the need to drag Akechi along with him.
“Hey, Mitsuru,” Ken said. “Me and Goro were thinking.”
“Ken was thinking,” Akechi corrected.
“Me and Goro were thinking,” Ken said with more ferocity. “Since Christmas was coming
up, maybe we should all do something to celebrate it. I know that things are tense, and we’re
still thinking about Ryoji’s choice, but it might be our last Christmas Eve ever, and we should
do something nice to celebrate, right?”
Mitsuru smiled. “I don’t see anything wrong with that,” she said. “I think Akihiko was
already discussing decorating the lounge. I’m sure nobody will object to a Christmas dinner
as well.”
Ken visibly relaxed. “Oh, really?”
“Yes, really. What did you think I was going to say?”

“I don’t know.” Ken smiled. “Actually, I knew all along you were going to say yes. Goro was
the one worried that you would say no.”
“I just said that I wasn’t sure it was what everyone would want,” Akechi said. “I wasn’t
worried at all, because it wasn’t my idea.”
Ken patted Akechi on the back. “There, there, Goro. It’s going to be alright.”
Akechi rolled his eyes. “I hate you.”
“Now, Goro–Akechi,” Mitsuru said teasingly. “There’s no need to be embarrassed.”
Mitsuru tripped up around his name a lot recently. Akechi supposed it wasn’t altogether
surprising. Shinjiro and Ken used his name quite freely. Akihiko had probably picked it up
when Akechi wasn’t around too, considering how much time he spent with Shinjiro.
But, oddly enough, Akechi wasn’t sure he minded as much as he used to.
“You can call me that,” Akechi said suddenly.
“Call you Goro?” Mitsuru asked, her eyes widening.
“Don’t make me say it again.”
“Oh, alright,” Mitsuru said. She cracked a small smile. “Thank you. I’m honored.”
“Don’t be,” Akechi said, turning away. “It’s just a name.”
But it wasn’t. Not really.

Later that day, Akechi set out on his hunt for Ryoji. He started by trying to call his number.
Unsurprisingly, Akechi received no response.
Akechi then proceeded to check every place he had ever seen Ryoji. The area outside of
Gekkoukan, the train stations, Paulownia mall, Chagall Coffee… there was nothing. After
checking the shrine and the strip mall and still catching no sign of him, Akechi started going
deeper into the city. He went to the mall that Ryoji had taken him a few weeks before,
although it felt like lifetimes ago. He wasn’t in any of those shops either.
This was such a waste of time. Ryoji clearly didn’t want to be found, and Akechi had next to
no chance of finding him. He might as well just give up now–
As Akechi stepped out of the electronics store, his eye caught on a familiar building. The
aquarium. The same aquarium that Akechi had taken the Velvet Room attendants.
Hadn’t Ryoji mentioned wanting to see one?
It was a long shot, but Akechi hadn’t been rewarded for checking the obvious places.

“Excuse me, sir,” Akechi asked the receptionist. “Have you seen a boy with a yellow scarf
enter?”
The receptionist shook his head, but Akechi purchased the fee to come inside anyway. Ryoji
had always been unnoticed by the general public. He managed to accidentally steal a scarf
from a store, at any rate.
Akechi wandered the entire aquarium, keeping his eyes peeled for any sign of Ryoji’s
familiar figure. He had nearly gone through the whole building without catching sight of him.
Maybe this was all just a waste of time.
A flash of yellow stood out against the blue in the corner of his vision. Akechi turned his
head and finally spotted Ryoji staring at the same jellyfish that Lavenza had taken such an
interest in. The thrill of success overwhelmed Akechi, but he approached Ryoji slowly.
“What is your problem?” Akechi asked.
Ryoji spun toward Akechi with a startled look on his face. “Akechi-kun,” he said. “What are
you doing here?”
“Maybe I just wanted to see the fish,” Akechi said. “I think I’m the one who should be asking
you your reason for being here.”
“Same, I guess.” Ryoji frowned as he glanced at the jellyfish. “Did you know that I don’t
have to pay to come in here? Nobody notices if I just… walk by.”
“Does that make you a criminal?”
Ryoji laughed nervously. “Maybe I should become one. Nobody would even know it was
me.”
“Why are you really here?” Akechi asked.
“I’ve been here almost every day this month,” Ryoji admitted. “The fish are so beautiful,
and… well, it sounds a little silly.”
“I doubt I will be moved to laughter.”
“Chidori never got to see an aquarium,” Ryoji said quietly. “Remember when the three of us
thought about going together? And I keep thinking about that, so I keep coming back here to
make myself feel better. It doesn’t really work.”
“You took her death hard, didn’t you?” Akechi asked. Ryoji had obviously been upset when
Akechi informed him of Chidori’s death, but visiting the aquarium every day of a month
wasn’t exactly typical behavior.
“It was the first time I really realized what death was,” Ryoji said. “At least, through
humanity’s eyes. As the Appriser, death just felt like the natural order of things. But now… it
hurts so much that sometimes I can barely breathe. And the idea of all of you dying, it’s hard
to think about.”

“So you stare at fish all day instead.”
“Fish are scientifically known to have a calming effect on the mind, you know,” Ryoji said.
“It’s one of the many fish facts I’ve learned this month.”
“That’s great,” Akechi said sarcastically. “But you can’t hide from your problems forever.”
“I know that.” Ryoji twisted the ring on his finger. “But can’t I try?”
“Minato was looking for you.” Akechi chose to omit the part where he told Minato to talk to
Ryoji in the first place.
“I know.”
“You know.”
“I saw him asking around my apartment,” Ryoji said.
“And you didn’t speak to him?”
“I was scared.”
“Scared of what?” Akechi asked. “Scared that he’s going to find out that you’re the arbiter of
the end of the world? Oh, wait, he already knows.”
“That’s not it.” Ryoji shook his head. “If we spend more time together, then he won’t want to
kill me. And he… he needs to kill me.”
“He is doing no such thing,” Akechi snapped. “Nobody wants to kill you.”
Ryoji’s eyes widened. “What?”
“You heard me.” Akechi took two steps closer to Ryoji and clenched his fists. “Everybody
wants to fight Nyx head on. They don’t want to forget what they’ve been through.”
“But… why?” Ryoji looked flabbergasted. “Don’t you want to forget all of the pain–”
“Forgetting pain doesn’t change what happened,” Akechi said. “It only erases what you’ve
learned from it. Pain fundamentally changes who you are as a person. Do you really want to
erase us?”
“But you’d be happy–”
“We’d be living a lie.”
Ryoji’s shoulders slumped. He looked like he was about to cry. “I don’t understand. How can
humans be so resilient? After facing so much pain, you’re just going to face a miserable end?
Why?”
“You care about Chidori, don’t you?”

“Of course, I do.”
“To forget about her death would be to forget about her,” Akechi said. “What the hell does
that accomplish?”
Ryoji fell silent.
“I don’t understand you,” Ryoji said quietly.
“And why’s that?”
“You… you hate the world,” Ryoji said. “But you don’t want to forget the very things you
hate. Why?”
“For the longest time, my hate was the only thing I could really call my own,” Akechi said,
his voice shaking. “It was mine to control. Who am I without it?”
“Akechi Goro, the bluntest kid on Earth?”
“You’d be surprised.”
Ryoji snorted. “Goro… can I call you that?”
“Only if you visit Minato,” Akechi said.
“What?”
“Tomorrow is Christmas Eve.” Akechi fixed Ryoji with his most threatening glare. “Stop the
pity party and talk to him. Hell, even join us for dinner. I don’t give a shit.”
“Huh.”
Akechi started to turn around to leave.
“Goro, wait.”
“What?”
“Did you seriously come all this way just to find me?” Ryoji asked. “I mean, it’s freezing
outside, and you’re only wearing a thin jacket.”
“Maybe I just wanted to see the fish.”
Ryoji chuckled. “Right. Well… bundle up on your way back home. I’d hate for you to get
sick.”
“What does it matter?” Akechi asked. “If Minato kills you like you want, I’ll forget all about
how I got sick because I won’t remember speaking with you, right?”
Ryoji grimaced. “Well, you’ll probably still be sick.”

Akechi raised his eyebrows. “Exactly.”
Lovers Arcana: Rank 9

Just as Mitsuru predicted, Akihiko and Fuuka decorated the dorms for Christmas Eve. A
small Christmas tree sat on the dining room table, and Christmas lights covered the walls.
“It’s not much,” Fuuka admitted. “We just pulled out what we could from storage.”
“Hey, Shinji, remember that one year?” Akihiko asked. “You and Mitsuru tried to bring in
this huge live Christmas tree, but it couldn’t get through the door?”
“I try to forget,” Shinjiro said dryly as he sliced vegetables for the cream stew. “Akechi, pass
me another potato.”
“Wow, this place is nice,” Yukari said as she entered the dorms with Minato. “I didn’t realize
we were having a Christmas eve dinner.”
“And why not?” Mitsuru said. “I thought it might be nice to have a celebration to take our
minds off of things.”
“Right.” Yukari nodded and a wide grin spread across her face. “It’s been a while since I
celebrated Christmas eve with anyone special to me.”
Junpei came downstairs about half an hour later. “Something smells delicious,” he said.
“How’s the Christmas dinner coming, Shinjiro-senpai?”
“It’s coming,” Shinji said. “But if you ask again, it might come slightly slower.”
“Don’t be that way,” Junpei said. “I only asked the once, didn’t I?”
“It’s better to nip it in the bud,” Akechi said.
“Don’t go taking his side!” Junpei sighed. “It’s a cruel world.”
“Hey, Junpei!” Yukari called, waving Junpei over to the coffee table. Mitsuru, Akihiko,
Fuuka, Ken, Minato, and Yukari had a board game set up. They were already half-way
through playing, and Ken seemed to be winning. “Come help me!”
“Ah, duty calls,” Junpei said. “Good luck with the dinner, boys!”
Ken ended up winning the game anyway.
When the food was all prepared and set on the table, everybody sat down and began eating.
The table felt a little less crowded than it once had been without Aigis, Chidori, or Ryoji. The
others just spoke all the louder and more energetically to try to fill in the void.

Speaking of Ryoji, Akechi was growing extremely irritated with him. He gave Ryoji a very
simple request to talk to Minato, and Minato showed no signs of exchanging any words with
Ryoji. As a matter of fact, as the evening went on, Minato grew more and more withdrawn.
Akechi was moments away from pulling out his phone and calling Ryoji repeatedly when
Minato’s phone suddenly rang. Minato pulled it out of his pocket slowly, but his eyes
widened when he saw the screen.
“Who is it?” Junpei asked.
“Oh, it’s um.” Minato stood up. “I’ll be right back.”
Minato answered the call and took a few large steps away from the table.
“Hey,” he said quietly. A moment later, he asked, “Where are you?”
Minato hurried out of the dorms without another word. Everybody watched him go with
shocked expressions on their faces.
“Is that… Ryoji-kun?” Yukari suddenly asked. She pointed to the right-hand window. Sure
enough, Akechi could spot Ryoji’s incredibly recognizable yellow scarf.
“He crashed our party?” Junpei asked, sounding deeply offended. “What gives?”
“I’m afraid that’s my fault,” Akechi said quietly. Maybe he should have realized that not
everyone would be as receptive as Minato to Ryoji’s return. “I told him to come.”
“You invited him to our Christmas dinner?” Ken asked.
“I told him to talk to Minato,” Akechi clarified. “And then I said that if he wanted to come
over for dinner, I didn’t give a damn what he did.”
“A bit of a roundabout invitation,” Shinjiro snorted.
“I wasn’t thinking,” Akechi said. “I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be,” Akihiko said, although his voice was hesitant.
A few minutes later, Minato came back into the dorms. Ryoji hadn’t come with him.
“Where’d Ryoji go?” Junpei asked immediately. “You mean you didn’t invite him inside?”
“Oh, um...” Minato blinked. “I didn’t think… he didn’t want–”
“Please, invite him in,” Mitsuru said. “It's cold outside.”
Minato’s face lit up, and he hurried back outside. A few moments later, he was dragging
Ryoji into the lounge. His eyes were wide as he stared at the silent group.
“Um, hi everyone,” he said.

“Hello, Ryoji-kun,” Fuuka said. Her voice was slightly more shy than usual, which was
saying something.
“Look, we’re just trying to have a nice evening,” Shinjiro said. “So sit down and don’t talk
about the end of the world, got that?”
Ryoji looked like he was about to cry, but he sat down at the empty seat next to Minato’s. “I
think I can manage that.”
“Good,” Mitsuru said. “Can I get you something to eat?”
“Oh, um, sure.” Ryoji smiled. “It’s been a while since I’ve had one of Shinjiro’s home cooked
meals. Or any meal, for that matter.”
“Well, prepare to be amazed,” Junpei said. He hurried to the kitchen to grab another plate.
“Because this is one of his best meals yet.”
“No, it’s not,” Shinjiro said. “The vegetables are slightly burnt. I shouldn’t have–”
Junpei shushed him. “Ignore him,” he said as he shoved the plate in Ryoji’s hands. “Best
meal yet.”
Ryoji smiled. “I look forward to it.”
“So, tell us Ryoji,” Mitsuru said. “What have you been doing these past few weeks?”
“Oh, well, it’s kind of embarrassing,” Ryoji said. “I’ve been learning a lot about fish.”
“There’s no shame in that. My dad used to take me fishing,” Yukari said.
“He’s been spending every day in the aquarium,” Akechi interrupted. “I doubt they condone
fishing in the exhibits.”
“Oh.” Yukari’s face turned red.
“Maybe you should take me fishing sometime,” Ryoji said. “I’m sure it’ll be very different
than watching them swim around.”
“We’ll figure something out,” Yukari said.
Ryoji beamed. Akechi felt the inexplicable urge to smile.

Aigis came back on the thirtieth. According to Mitsuru, she wasn’t due to be fully recovered
for at least another week, but Mitsuru had the process expedited. Akechi understood why. It
would be wrong to leave Aigis out of the decision to be made tomorrow.
To say that everyone was happy to see her was an understatement.

“Aigis!” Yukari exclaimed as Mitsuru and Aigis stepped into the dorms. “It’s so good to see
you again!”
“Yukari-chan,” Aigis said. “It is good to see you recovered from your injuries.”
“Oh, thanks,” Yukari said. She grimaced. “I still can’t believe I got knocked out so easily.”
“You fought valiantly,” Aigis told Yukari. “You dealt a blow against Strega and alerted the
others to their presence. That is more than I was able to do.”
“Aigis…” Fuuka said. “Don’t talk about yourself that way.”
Aigis looked down at her hands. ”I am meant to destroy shadows,” she said. “And yet I was
useless against Ryoji-kun’s power.”
“Hey, you managed to prevent the end for this long, haven’t you?” Junpei asked. “I mean, ten
years is a lot of time.”
“Only because I…” Aigis gave Minato an expression that could only be described as woeful.
“I’m so sorry, Minato-kun. I put Ryoji inside of you, and now, because of that, you are forced
to face such a difficult decision. I’m so very sorry.”
“You had no other choice,” Minato said.
“Still, I… have you been well?” Aigis looked back down at her hands. “I know I only wished
to protect you because I subconsciously remembered what I did to you on that day, but for
some reason, that feeling has not gone away now that I know the truth.”
“I’ve been better. You?”
“I am a machine,” Aigis said. “I do not have feelings.”
“Yeah, and I’m dead,” Shinjiro said. “What do you describe what you’re doing right now?”
Aigis ignored Shinjiro. “Have you made your decision yet?”
Minato nodded. “Yes.”
“Then, I have a request of you,” Aigis said. “Tomorrow, when Ryoji comes, please, kill him!”
“Aigis!” Ken exclaimed. Koromaru barked in equal alarm.
“I can’t bear to see everyone hurting like this!” Aigis said. “Please choose to have your
memories erased! Even if it means forgetting everything… and everyone.”
“What are you talking about?” Junpei asked.
“There’s no way in hell we’re doing that,” Akihiko said. “To forget would be a betrayal to
ourselves and to our friends.”
“But–”

“Akihiko’s right,” Akechi said. “Do you really want us to forget your existence that badly?”
“It would be better than to see you suffer!” Aigis protested. She sounded very similar to
Ryoji. “And then, you don’t have to see me…”
“See you what?” Fuuka asked.
Aigis didn’t say anything.
“Aigis, what’s wrong?” Mitsuru asked, hugging herself.
“I’m useless,” Aigis said again. “My sole purpose is to protect humanity from shadows. That
was the reason I exist. And now, I cannot even do that! Why should I be here if I cannot do
what you expect of me?”
Akechi’s chest clenched.
“Aigis…” Fuuka said.
“Why are you fighting?” Aigis asked. “You know you cannot win, so why are you throwing
your lives away?! Don’t you realize that Nyx’s arrival will only come sooner if you do not
kill Ryoji?”
“And?” Akechi asked. “She’s still coming. It doesn’t make a difference when.”
“And we’re not throwing our lives away,” Shinjiro said. “We’re making the most of them.”
“Planning for the future,” Akihiko agreed.
“The future…?” Aigis whispered. “I don’t understand. Perhaps this is because I don’t have a
‘life’...”
“That has nothing to do with it,” Junpei said.
“I am just a machine.” Aigis clenched her hands into fists. “My purpose is to protect humans
from shadows. But without this… why do I exist? What is my purpose?” She dropped to her
knees. “Somebody, please, tell me!”
“Isn’t it obvious?” Akechi asked. He walked up to Aigis. “Stand up.”
“But I…”
“Who the hell cares what was programmed within you?” Akechi asked. “You feel far more
than any other machine that I’ve ever seen. It’s time for you to decide your own purpose.”
“My own purpose?”
“That’s right,” Junpei said. “We can’t tell you what to do with your life. Ultimately, that’s
your own decision. That’s why this choice Ryoji’s given us is so hard. There is no right

answer. But we can’t stand by and watch people suffer when we know we can at least try to
help. That’s why we’re going to fight.”
“Is it really that simple?” Aigis asked. She looked up at Minato pleadingly. “Can that really
be your purpose?”
Minato nodded. “If that’s what you chose.”
“I can choose?”
“Life is complicated,” Mitsuru said. “You set your heart on a goal, but then things change.
You might lose sight of that purpose. And if you truly can’t find it again, you can change
your goals. Sometimes we need to change to become better people.”
“Do you think I can do that?” Aigis asked. “Do you think I can change?”
“Everyone can change, Ai-chan,” Fuuka said. “I don’t think any of us are the same we were a
year ago. Including you.”
Aigis stood up. “In that case,” she said, “I am choosing to give myself a new objective. I am
a machine that is here to ‘live’. I might not know exactly what that means right now, but I
want to find out.”
“That’s the spirit,” Akihiko said.
“And we’ll be with you every step of the way,” Yukari promised.
Aigis smiled. Akechi hadn’t seen her do that before.
“Thank you,” she said. “I will fight alongside you. No matter where it leads.”

Running helped to clear Akechi’s head. It was a shame that Tsuyoshi kept finding all his new
routes. Akechi would need to find a new park.
When Akechi glanced over his shoulder and spotted Tsuyoshi, Akechi picked up the pace.
Tsuyoshi didn’t have any trouble catching up, so Akechi stopped and took multiple large
steps away from him. Tsuyoshi fortunately didn’t close the gap.
“You sure have one hell of a crossroads tomorrow, don’t you?” Tsuyoshi asked. “What are
you planning on doing?”
“I don’t see how it’s any business of yours,” Akechi said coldly.
“On the contrary, this is exactly what my business is about.” Tsuyoshi’s smile was cold and
unsettling on Akira’s face. “So, what’s the call? What are you going to do?”
“I’m still not going to tell you.”

“I bet you want to fight,” Tsuyoshi said. “You want to stick it to everyone who thinks that
living the rest of their days in happiness is the right call. Am I right?”
Akechi turned around and started walking away. “I’m not indulging this.”
“I’m right, though, aren’t I?” Tsuyoshi followed his hurried pace with ease. “You always
were selfish. Who cares about the others? You want to fight, so you’re going to drag
everyone along with you.”
“Actually, believe it or not, it’s Minato making the decision.”
“He’s impressionable enough.”
“Not with this.”
“No?” Tsuyoshi raised his eyebrows. “How so? Because he doesn’t want to kill that thing?”
Akechi grit his teeth. “Ryoji is not a thing.”
“Oh, yes, he’s a living and breathing human who’s about to dissolve into the Dark Hour
forever just to bring the end of the world. My kind of guy.”
“How the hell do you know all of this?” Akechi demanded.
“Like I said, it’s my business to know,” Tsuyoshi said. “There’s a reason I only ever speak to
you in broad daylight. I know you’d try to kill me otherwise.”
“I have half a mind to kill you now,” Akechi muttered. “Leave.”
“No.”
“It wasn’t a request.”
“And you don’t boss me around.” Tsuyoshi laughed. “I love these little talks of ours.”
Akechi clenched his fists to stop them from tremoring. Tsuyoshi wasn’t grabbing him by the
shoulder, which meant he could escape. There were also witnesses nearby. He wouldn’t
attack Akechi in broad daylight, right?
It hadn’t exactly stopped him before.
“What do you want?”
“To talk, obviously.” Tsuyoshi rolled his eyes. “Look, I just wanted to hear your perspective
on the whole destruction of humanity thing. Exciting, right?”
“You might think so.”
“And you think so too! Finally, this rotten world gets what’s coming to it.”
“That’s not the point.”

“I mean, all these good people, if they really exist.” Tsuyoshi sighed. “Constantly being
forced to suffer for the sake of the selfish assholes who populate it. Your poor friends. They
have to fight death itself because of those sorts of greedy bastards.”
“I don’t know what you want, but it’s not going to work,” Akechi snarled, stopping in his
tracks and rounding toward Tsuyoshi furiously. “I’ll have you know that the entire group has
decided to fight this Nyx. So even if it mattered what I wanted, which it doesn’t, they
wouldn’t go along with it.”
“Ah, but you’re persuasive, aren’t you?” Tsuyoshi asked. “I’m sure you could turn them
around.”
“No.” Akechi grinned. “I might be a selfish bastard, but even if I wanted to forget everything
that’s happened, I wouldn’t be selfish enough to take the choice away from the others. So
why don’t you crawl back to the hole you spawned from?”
Tsuyoshi’s face fell, and his eyes suddenly became very sharp. A chill ran up Akechi’s spine.
“I’d be very careful, if I were you,” Tsuyoshi said. “You don’t realize who you’re dealing
with.”
“I’m sorry, I’m a little preoccupied with the end of the world,” Akechi said cheerfully. “It’s
your favorite thing. I know. Now, if you’ll excuse me.”
Akechi briskly walked away. Tsuyoshi didn’t follow him, but Akechi could feel his eyes on
his back. He could feel them all the way back to the dorms.
Fool Arcana: Rank 5

And then it was the thirty-first. New Year’s Eve. The dorm was so thick with tension that
Akechi stood outside as he waited for Ryoji to come. The winter was getting harsher, but he
didn’t care. It distracted him from the reality of the situation.
Today would be the last day they saw Ryoji.
Akechi stood out there until ten at night. His face was numb with the cold. He knew everyone
else was gathered in the lounge, but a part of him didn’t want to go inside. It was better to be
alone. Safer. He knew what to expect.
A traitorous part of him wanted to go into the warmth. To enjoy the comfort of company.
That part of him also wanted to admit that he was scared. That he didn’t want to die or see the
world end or never speak to Ryoji again.
Akechi furiously squashed down that part of him. He continued to stand in the cold.
“Goro-kun?”

Akechi looked to his right. Ryoji was approaching, holding something in his hands. Upon
closer inspection, Akechi realized it was that blue scarf that Ryoji had almost stolen.
“You’re awfully late,” Akechi said. “How long did you want to keep us waiting?”
“Sorry,” Ryoji said. “It took me a while to find this.”
He handed Goro the scarf. Akechi stared at it with a small amount of disbelief.
“The scarf?”
“You still only wear that thin looking jacket everywhere,” Ryoji said. “I worry for your
health. Besides, it’s not like I’m going to need this scarf anyway.”
“Wasn’t this originally going to be a gift for Minato?” Akechi asked.
“Yeah, well, you’re right. He has his own scarf. Besides, I have something else in mind for
him.” Ryoji fingered his ring, still wrapped tightly around his middle finger.
“Right.” Akechi said. Still deeply confused, he wrapped the scarf around his neck. It blocked
out the cold fairly successfully. “You wasted time just to find a scarf for me?”
“Well, I actually kind of wanted to thank you,” Ryoji said. “So, thanks for standing outside in
the cold while you waited. Makes it less awkward than pulling you aside.”
“You wanted to thank me for saving you from awkwardness?”
“No, no, that’s not what I wanted to thank you about.” Ryoji twisted his ring. “I wanted to
thank you for talking to me last week. At the aquarium.”
“I was only telling the truth.”
“I needed to hear it,” Ryoji said. “I still… I still want Minato to kill me. I don’t want you
guys to suffer. But I’ll understand if he doesn’t. And I think… I think I’m going to try to
resist.”
“Resist?”
“I’m going to try to resist losing myself entirely,” Ryoji said. The smile he gave Akechi was
cracked around the edges. “I don’t think it’ll do much, but I want to keep living. I don’t want
to become an uncaring shadow only meant to welcome Nyx’s coming. That scares me more
than anything.”
Akechi held the edge of his new scarf, fingering the fringe. “Good.”
“When I spoke to Minato at Christmas,” Ryoji continued, “he said he was still folding those
paper cranes, and it made me realize that I don’t want to leave. There’s so much left in this
world that I still want to live for.”
“I’m glad you finally came to your senses.”

This time, Ryoji’s smile was far more genuine. “I know you don’t think there’s any good in
this world,” he said. “But I disagree. Humanity might want the Fall, but there are so many
beautiful things too.”
“Like?”
“Fish, for one.” Ryoji chuckled at his own joke. “But also, the people. The bonds two or more
individuals can share. Arcades. Crappy coffee. Christmas. Promises of fishing. Cherry
blossoms. Bathhouses. Paper cranes. Shopping trips.”
“My list of bad things could be longer,” Akechi said.
“Still. You might not realize it, but you helped me to see the good in humanity.” Ryoji smiled.
“And why it’s worth fighting for. So… thanks.”

Thou art I… and I am thou
The connection that you have nurtured has been transformed

Thy bond shall be the compass of redemption
and break the yoke of thy heart

The power of the Lovers Arcana has been set free
Granting thee ultimate power

Akechi swallowed down the surge of emotions rushing through him. “You’re welcome,” he
finally said.
Ryoji nodded and took a deep breath. “Well, we’ve wasted enough time. Let’s get this over
with.”
They stepped inside. The rest of SEES was waiting in the lounge, just as Akechi predicted.
They looked up at Ryoji with tense expressions.
“I’ll be upstairs in Minato-kun’s bedroom,” Ryoji said immediately. “You guys can discuss
your decision. At midnight, I’ll turn into something unrecognizable. So please, don’t worry
about me.”
He went upstairs without another word.
“We’ve all made our decision, haven’t we?” Mitsuru asked.

Everyone nodded.
“I think we’ve discussed it enough times,” Shinjiro said. “All in favor of not killing Ryoji,
raise your hand.”
Everybody raised their hands.
“And there you have it,” Akihiko said.
“I’m glad we could all come to an agreement,” Yukari said.
“I wouldn’t have it any other way,” Minato said, looking at his clasped hands.
“Well, I guess you can tell him our decision,” Mitsuru told Minato. “We’re not backing
down.”
“Right,” Ken said. He looked slightly sick.
Minato went upstairs. Akechi watched the clock and held his breath. It was fifteen minutes
until eleven.
There was no sudden gunshot. No sudden blanking out. Minato hadn’t betrayed them.
Akechi hadn’t expected him to.
Minato and Ryoji didn’t come back downstairs until it had been nearly an hour. Nobody had
fallen asleep during that time. They’d all stayed awake in tense anticipation, wondering if
Minato would change his mind at the last second.
Junpei’s face split into a wide grin upon seeing Ryoji coming downstairs with Minato.
“Yo! What’s up, Ryoji?”
Ryoji sighed. “I don’t like your decision, but I understand.”
“Good,” Akechi said.
“It’s impossible to defeat Nyx,” Ryoji said. “I hope you all realize this.”
“I know,” Mitsuru said. “But we have to try.”
“Maybe we’ll surprise you,” said Shinjiro.
“Right,” Ryoji said, cracking a smile. “Well, I only have ten minutes until midnight, so I’ll be
quick. Nyx will be at the top of Tartarus. You have to get there before the promised day.”
“The promised day?” Yukari asked.
“A month from today. January 31st, 2010. On that day, Nyx will come down upon Tartarus,
and the world will end. The Appriser, which I guess is me, will usher her to this world, and
Tartarus will welcome her.”

“Creepy…” Ken said.
“Is that why it’s called the Tower of Demise?” Fuuka asked.
Ryoji nodded. He brought his hand to his finger, but his ring was gone. “I hope you guys are
prepared to face your decision. Remember, you have to reach the top of Tartarus in time.
There, you can fight Nyx and realize the impossible task laid before you.”
“And you,” Minato said quietly. Light glinted off his right hand, and Akechi spotted Ryoji’s
ring on Minato’s middle finger.
“Maybe.” Ryoji shrugged and started to head toward the door. “Well, I guess if anyone can do
it, it’s you guys. Good luck.”
“I guess this is goodbye,” Akihiko said.
“Yeah.” Ryoji paused in front of the door, his hand on the handle. “Aigis, I’m truly sorry for
what I did to you.”
“I won’t forget you were my enemy,” Aigis said. Her face softened. “And my friend.”
“Aigis…” Minato said, looking surprised.
“Well, I should be off,” Ryoji said loudly, looking at the clock. It was only a minute before
Midnight. “Best wishes in the coming year. That’s what you say on New Year’s Eve, right?
See ya!”
Ryoji slipped outside. The door clicked shut.
Seconds later, the green of the Dark Hour washed over the room.
“Damn that Ryoji,” Junpei said. The fondness in his voice was obvious, but he brought his
hand to his eyes. “Damn him.”

Chapter End Notes

ONLY TWO MORE WEEKS OF P3 BABY (which by extension means there's only
two more weeks before reload comes out yayyyy)
Anyway thus ends the ryoji social link speedrun o7
he will be missed ;-;
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 39: January 1–20, 2010
Chapter Summary

omg guys
its 2010
its a new decade that's crazy

Chapter Notes

Guys I'm so hype I can finally do the cringe fanfic thing and tell y'all to loop this song
while reading this chapter. I looped it when I wrote this chapter and the vibes are
immaculate.
Tw: references to death, cults, ptsd, implied/referenced child abuse

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“Happy New Year!” Emiko cheered. She met them at the shrine, wearing a dark blue kimono.
Near the back of the shrine, Ai wore her own blue kimono and watched Akechi with a
guarded expression. Akechi pretended not to see her. “Nice scarf, Goro-kun! Is it new?”
Akechi blinked, surprised Emiko had noticed. “Oh, yes. Thank you.”
“Happy New Year, Emiko-kun,” Ken said. “Have you already made your New Year's wish?”
Emiko nodded. “Are you going to make a wish?”
Ken glanced at Akechi with an unsure expression. Akechi knew that one of the only reasons
they had even come was because Emiko had invited them.
“Sure,” Ken said. “Give us a minute.”
“I’ll wait here.”
Ken and Akechi both purchased emas. Akechi stared at the blank back of his ema for a long
moment before finally writing: I wish to live.
Akechi thought it was fitting, considering the circumstances.

“I wished for a fulfilling year,” Ken told Akechi as they walked back to Emiko.
“Fitting,” Akechi said. “I wished something very much along that same vein.”
One couldn’t exactly have a good year if they weren’t alive to experience it.
“Come on, guys!” Emiko said, dragging them to the omikuji box. “Let’s test our luck.”
Ken drew a slip first. “Great luck,” he read. “You will find a large sum of money.” Ken
sighed. “Is that all?”
“If you don't want the money, I’ll take it,” Emiko said.
“I have to find it first.” Ken looked around. “Do you happen to see any money lying
around?”
Akechi reached into his pocket and pulled out a one thousand yen note. “How about this?”
Ken frowned at the slip of paper. “That’s not really what I would call a large sum.”
“Okay, my turn, my turn!” Emiko pulled her own omikuji and read it eagerly. “Worst luck.
You will suffer from financial troubles.”
“I’m waiting for the wind to pick up even as we speak,” Minato said blandly from behind
them.
Ken and Akechi jumped. “Minato-kun,” Ken said. “What are you doing here?”
“Junpei dragged me along,” he said. “Those predictions work really well, by the way. Watch
your money.”
“Jokes on you, then,” Emiko said. “I hardly have any money to lose in the first place.”
Just at that minute, the wind picked up, and Akechi’s one-thousand yen blew out of his hand.
It landed against Junpei’s face.
“Sweet!” Junpei said. “Mild luck really pays off!”
“It’s contagious,” Minato observed.
“Oops.” Emiko winced. “Sorry, Goro-kun.”
“Oh well,” Akechi sighed.
Minato walked back over to the others. Emiko gave Akechi a little push. “It’s your turn.”
“Maybe your omikuji was enough for the both of us,” Akechi said.
“No, that’s boring,” Ken said. He gave Akechi a push of his own. “You need to learn your
own fate.”

Akechi rolled his eyes and took his own slip of paper from the box. “Future luck,” Akechi
read. “Expect a successful endeavor in your future.”
“A little vague,” Ken observed. “But comforting.”
“I hope your endeavors are as successful as you and Ken-kun’s fortunes!” Emiko said. She
stared at hers glumly. “I’ll be right back.”
Emiko tied her unlucky fortune up and quickly spoke to her sister before returning to Akechi
and Ken. “Would you like to come over?” she asked. “We could make new years cookies
together.”
“That sounds great!” Ken said.
Akechi nodded. “If you want.”

They started going to Tartarus with a fresh ferocity. None of them had any clue how much
was left to traverse, but Minato vowed to take them every day if they had to. Their goal was
to reach the top of Tartarus (or as far up as they could manage) before half-way through the
month. That way, they had time to fail.
“You have quite the task ahead of you,” Theodore said solemnly in the Velvet Room. “Are
you prepared?”
“If I were, I wouldn’t be here,” Akechi said.
“And here I thought you enjoyed our company,” Elizabeth sighed.
“Um, Akechi?” Minato asked from his seat in front of Igor. He had gotten to fuse his
personas first. “Why am I able to fuse Loki?”
“What?” Akechi asked, his voice sharpening. “What the hell do you mean?”
“Right here,” Minato said, pointing to the two cards laid out on the table. “I can create Loki
with these personas.”
“But… isn’t Loki my persona?” Akechi asked. “He’s not a part of the collective
unconscious.”
“Technically, all personas are a part of the collective unconscious,” Igor said. “However,
some personas are unique to each person who carries them.”
“Then why the hell is Loki available to Minato?” Akechi snapped.
“You are a special case,” Igor told Akechi. “Not only are you a wildcard, but you have two
personas naturally born from within your heart. This is because you had two masks to wear to
protect yourself from the struggles of the world.”

“I know this.”
“However, just because they bear the same name, it does not mean that the Loki you wield
and the Loki that resides in the sea of souls are one in the same. Minato, if you would fuse to
demonstrate…”
Minato reluctantly allowed Igor to fuse the personas. The Loki that emerged forth looked
nothing like Akechi’s Loki. His long blonde hair was enough to make that very clear. And, as
Igor explained Loki’s skillsets, Akechi realized that they had little in common with the skill
sets that his Loki possessed.
“As you have realized,” Igor said. “They are not the same. They merely bear the same name,
due to the strong knowledge and connections humanity has with his mythology. However, I
will note that there are times where wildcards are able to wield other wildcards’ personas.”
“Really?” Minato asked. “So Akechi could wield Orpheus?”
“If you allowed it,” Igor said. “But if it is not necessary, I would not recommend it.
Ultimately, the personas unique to individuals should stay with those individuals.”
“Come to think of it,” Akechi said. “I did see Akira use Aigis’ new persona once or twice.”
“But Aigis isn’t a wildcard…” Minato frowned. “Yet, I guess.”
Igor merely hummed.

“What the hell is this?” Akechi asked. He and Junpei had gone out to walk Koromaru a few
days into the month when Akechi spotted a flier plastered against the wall of the dorms. A
few identical flyers were lying on the ground, looking trampled upon.
Junpei picked up one of the fliers. “Cult of Nyx…” His face blanched. “What the hell?”
Akechi snatched the flier from Junpei. Written on the piece of paper was a bunch of bull
about the end of the world and that they should welcome Nyx’s arrival. Akechi violently
ripped the piece of paper into multiple pieces. Koromaru grabbed the other one off of the
ground and began tearing it with his teeth.
“I don’t understand,” Junpei said. “I thought we were the only ones who knew about Nyx.
Why are there posters about her all of a sudden?”
“I have a guess,” Akechi said grimly.
“You don’t mean Strega?”
“Who else would I mean?”
“But how would they know?” Junpei asked. “I mean, even Ryoji didn’t know until
December.”

“Takaya knew that Tartarus is the tower of demise,” Akechi said. “It’s not too much to
assume that he overheard the Kirijo researchers talking about it. Or he was spying on us.”
“But if he knew, why did he try to stop us from destroying the shadows?”
“Clearly, he didn’t know the details,” Akechi said. “Look, I could be completely wrong.
Maybe it’s a rogue Kirijo researcher. But if I had to guess, it’s Takaya at the bottom of this.”
“Damn him.” Junpei ripped the final flier off the wall of the dorms.
“If you see any more of these, take them down,” Akechi said. “We can subject them to the
paper shredder every evening.”
“I like the way you think,” Junpei said with a small grin.

Winter break ended. As they walked to school, Emiko stared glumly at a bunch of fliers
furiously pasted against a crosswalk pole. Akechi ripped them off with a vengeance.
“I see you taking all of those posters everywhere we go,” Emiko said. “You’re not a part of
this new cult, are you?”
“Of course not,” Akechi said. “I put them through the paper shredder every night.”
“Oh.” Emiko visibly relaxed.
“It’s really fun,” Ken said. “I’ve started helping. Do you have a paper shredder at home?”
“Um, I think so,” Emiko said. “Maybe I’ll start doing that too. My sister says that cults lead
to a loss of free will, and that I shouldn’t listen to anyone trying to get me to join.”
“At least your sister has some common sense,” Akechi sighed. “She’s exactly right.”
"But… I thought I heard Sato-sensei talking about it to one of the faculty members,” Emiko
said. “I think he wants to be allowed to teach about the cult during class.”
“Sato-sensei teaches math,” Ken said. “Surely, he won’t be allowed to spread cult propaganda
during class.”
“The faculty said no.” Emiko nodded. “But… the cult is getting more and more popular. It’s
kind of scary.”
“It’s really scary,” Ken agreed.
As they continued walking, Emiko took a flier from a nearby billboard. “Maybe shredding
these things will make me feel better,” she decided.

“Now, with the end of the world coming, I'll make sure to cook my best meals yet--"

Shinjiro shut off the television with a furious scowl. “You can’t even watch cooking
programs anymore.”
“It’s kind of scary how much people are talking about this cult,” Yukari said. “Doesn’t
anyone have anything better to do?”
“People think that Nyx is the only way to escape our problems,” Minato said. “I hate to admit
it, but I might have been like them.”
“Seriously?” Fuuka asked.
“The world can be a hopeless place.” Minato shrugged. “So, yeah. Maybe.”
“It’s sad, but I think a lot of us could have ended up that way,” Akihiko said. “I mean, this
didn’t come out of nowhere.”
“Still, to welcome the end of the world in this way…” Mitsuru said. “They think salvation
can only come if their existence ceases entirely. As far as I can tell, they don’t even believe
there will be a brighter future after this.”
“Having no future can be preferable to having a really shitty one,” Akechi said. He took
another flier from Junpei and put it into the shredder. The high-pitched squeal of paper being
ground into small pieces filled the lounge.
“I have been wondering,” Aigis said. She fiddled with the bow around her neck. “If the Fall
happens, will I die as well?”
“Huh?” Junpei asked.
“I am not human,” Aigis said. “I am a machine. Although I may possess a life, does that
mean I can become like the Lost? My psychology is not the same as a human’s.”
“I never really thought about that,” Fuuka said. “I guess I don’t know.”
The thought of Aigis being alone if they failed was sickening.
“It won’t happen,” Ken told her.
Aigis looked alarmed at the declaration. “How do you know?”
“Because we have no other choice,” Akechi said grimly.

Shinjiro and Akechi had gone out to eat ramen for dinner. They returned home in comfortable
silence, and Akechi grabbed cult posters as they walked.
“Cults? The end of the world?” Shido’s familiar voice cut through the white noise of the city.
“What the hell is this country coming to?”

Shinjiro frowned when Akechi stopped walking.
“What’s wrong?”
Shido was staring at yet another billboard full of cult fliers. He ripped one off and peered at it
with the same furious expression he used whenever Akechi screwed up.
“No wonder I lost the election if these are the sort of people the country is willing to follow,”
Shido muttered. His muttering was still loud enough for Akechi to hear quite clearly. “Every
time I see one of these damn fliers, I want to–” Shido’s eyes landed on Akechi. “What the
hell are you staring at?”
Akechi swallowed. His mouth suddenly felt very dry. “Nothing at all,” he said politely.
“Don’t give me that shit.” Shido stalked up to Akechi and grabbed him by the scarf. Shinjiro
let out an indignant shout.
“Let go of him!”
“It’s damn brats like you that don’t know how to respect their betters,” Shido said, alcohol on
his breath. He shook his scarf with his fist, but Akechi forced himself to stay perfectly still
and keep his face impassive.
“I don’t like this cult any more than you do, Shido-san,” Akechi said.
Shido let go of the scarf. Akechi’s heart stopped beating so quickly. Shinjiro stepped between
Shido and Akechi.
“At least someone in this country has some sense,” Shido muttered.
“Shido?” Shinjiro demanded. “You mean this asshole is your sperm donor?”
Akechi flinched, feeling suddenly nauseated. Some help Shinjiro was turning out to be.
“Excuse me?” Shido demanded.
Akechi stepped in front of Shinjiro, wearing his most flattering smile. “You’ll have to forgive
my friend,” he said. “He doesn’t know how to control his tongue. I’m very sorry–”
“I know you,” Shido said suddenly. “You’re that brat who cussed me out during one of my
campaign speeches. I thought you looked familiar, and now I know why. You look like that
woman.”
Akechi’s face twitched. His hand curled up into fists. “Thank you for your time, but I think
we should be going.”
“I hate bastard children like you,” Shido said. “And I’ll tell you what I told that slut–”
“I don’t want your damn money,” Akechi said. “Fuck off.”

Shido raised his hand, and Akechi braced himself.
But the blow never came. Shinjiro had grabbed Shido by the wrist before his slap could
connect.
“I think a politician is smart enough to know that assault is a criminal offense,” Shinjiro said.
“I’ll sue if you hurt him.”
“Tch, you can’t touch me.”
“Oh, in that case–” Shinjiro let go of Shido’s arm. “Let’s go, Goro.”
Akechi quickly followed Shinjiro as they stormed away from Shido. When they had covered
a safe distance away from him, Shinjiro gave him a concerned look.
“Hey, are you alright?”
“I’m fine,” Akechi said, even though he could taste bile in his mouth. “Just great.”
“Don’t listen to a word that bastard says,” Shinjiro said. “He’s not worth your time.”
“I know he’s not.”
“Good.”
“I need to punch something.”
“Here.”
Shinjiro held out his hand. Akechi didn’t hesitate before punching it as hard as he could.
Shinjiro let out a small grunt of pain.
Akechi only felt marginally better, but it at least discharged some of the furious energy inside
of him.
“Feel better now?” Shinjiro asked.
“A bit,” Akechi said. “My apologies for the outburst.”
“Goro.”
“What?” Akechi asked, raising his eyebrows innocently.
“You’re doing that polite act again.”
Akechi sighed. He dimly realized that his hands were still shaking. His neck still hurt from
where Shido pulled at his scarf.
Why did Shido have to get his filthy hands on one of the few things Akechi actually cared
about?

“I’m sorry. I can’t… I can’t think clearly right now. Can we just try to forget this ever
happened?”
Shinjiro sighed. “Sure.”
“Thank you.”
Tower Arcana: Rank 5

“Hey, Akechi, Minato!” Junpei said. “We’re all going to Hagakure. Want to come along?”
“What’s the occasion?” Minato asked.
“Oh, well, remember Yakushima?” Junpei frowned. “Hm, probably not. It was a while ago
now. Well, Akihiko lost that board game we were all playing that second night. Or maybe it
was the first night. We kinda forgot to take him up on the food he owed us, but it’s my
birthday today, and Shinjiro was too tired to cook, so Yukari remembered Akihiko owed us
food. So, let’s go already!”
“It’s your birthday?” Minato asked.
“Yep, I’m seventeen now, if you can believe it.” Junpei chuckled nervously. “Not exactly
what I’d call the best birthday conditions, but I’ll take it.”
“Happy birthday,” Akechi said.
“Save it for later,” Junpei said. “I’m starving, and I’m missing my own celebration!”
At Hagakure, the others were already all gathered at the bar.
“How does the special for everyone sound?” Yukari asked.
“Sounds good to me,” Junpei said, clapping his hands together as he took his seat next to
Yukari.
“Alright,” Yukari said. “Eight specials, please!”
“It’s kind of exciting to have Akihiko-senpai treat us to ramen,” Fuuka said.
“Well, it is Junpei’s birthday,” Akihiko sighed. “Shinjiro, are you sure we can’t split the
difference–”
“A bet is a bet, Akihiko,” Mitsuru said.
“Well, yeah, but eight people? I’m pretty sure Ken wasn’t on the team at the time the bet was
made.”
“Stop complaining and pay for the food,” Junpei said, his voice a few degrees colder than it
had been before.

Obvious guilt crossed Akihiko’s expression. “Right,” he said quietly. “Of course.”
As their food was brought out, Aigis eyed Minato with an envious expression. “I do not have
a digestive system, so I cannot taste your sustenance,” she said. “Perhaps I can be
programmed with taste processors.”
“Oh, that would be cool,” Junpei said. “Then, we could introduce you to all sorts of foods!”
“It is not the taste that I truly feel that I am missing,” Aigis said. “But the community bond
you share when you eat food together.”
“I never thought about that,” Yukari said, frowning.
“I’ll discuss it with the people at the labs,” Mitsuru said. “It’s worth investigating, at least.”
Ken picked up a magazine and began flipping through it. Akechi looked over his shoulder.
While there was plenty of mundane information, a certain title caught his eye.
“Wait,” Akechi said. “Flip back.”
Ken immediately found the page Akechi wanted to see. “The Emergence of a Messiah: The
Charismatic One Speaks.”
“Ugh, that cult is everywhere,” Yukari said. “They’re all over the internet too.”
Ken struggled to turn the page; the two pages were stuck together. When he finally pried it
open, Akechi’s blood froze.
“Takaya?!” Ken exclaimed.
“Of course it is,” Akechi said, covering his face.
Everybody stood up to gather around Ken. “I guess you were right, Akechi,” Junpei said.
“Damn him.”
“Why are people following him?” Yukari asked.
Aigis began reading out loud Takaya’s quote in the article. "Mankind is currently imprisoned
by the sins of hate and anger. But soon, a savior will descend upon this world to break the
chains that bind us and lift us to new heights. This great being is Nyx. I have beheld her
glory, and she has blessed me with power beyond belief. In Nyx there is no pain... no
suffering..."
“He certainly has a way with words,” Fuuka said, looking sick.
“You mean to say that he thinks Nyx is saving people?” Junpei demanded. “But we know
that’s not true.”
“This is all a game to him,” Shinjiro said, shaking his head. “Of course, he doesn’t really
believe that.”

“He’s right,” Akechi said. “You don’t convince people by telling them the truth. You tell
them what they want to hear and slowly pull them over to your way of thinking.”
“Jin is a famous internet personality,” Mitsuru said. “Although he hasn’t shown his face. He
probably orchestrated Takaya’s rise to fame.”
“Typical,” Akihiko said.
Aigis continued to read. "But there are those who do not understand this truth, even though
they have also been blessed by her. They have acquired the same power as I; yet they abuse
it, using it for their own personal gain. These miscreants are the ones to blame for the recent
tragedies that have been plaguing our streets."
“Is he talking about us?” Ken asked.
“It doesn’t matter,” Akechi said. He tore the article from the magazine. “Look, we’re not
some well-known group. Nobody can turn against us because they don’t know who we are.
He’s not accomplishing anything.”
“I can still feel offended,” Junpei said. “Ugh. This is the worst birthday ever.”
“Don’t let that Takaya ruin your day,” Yukari said. “Let’s just… try to forget about it.”
Junpei stared glumly at his ramen. “Right.”
Minato patted Junpei on the shoulder. “Takaya’s an ass,” he said commiseratingly.
“How about we watch some scary movies after this?” Akihiko said. “That might distract
you.”
Junpei perked up. “Yeah, yeah, sure. I do like scary movies.”
Yukari grimaced. “I might sit that one out.”
“Aw, but watching everyone else be scared is the best part!”
“Then, I guess you’ll just have to be disappointed,” Yukari said. “I have homework to get
done.”
“Well, it was worth trying.” Junpei sighed. “Everyone else had better watch, though.”

“Um, Goro,” Ken said as they walked back to the dorms that evening. “I might have just
realized something.”
“What is it?”
“Emiko-kun’s birthday,” Ken said. “It’s in January. What if we already missed it?”
Akechi swore underneath his breath. He had completely forgotten about Emiko’s birthday.

“I’ll text her,” Akechi said.
“What if we’ve already missed it?” Ken asked again, his voice growing more panicked.
“What if she decides not to be our friend anymore?”
“She never told us what day it was,” Akechi said. “She’s not going to stop being our friend.”
Probably.
“I’ll just call her,” Akechi said. He pulled out his phone. “It’ll be fine.”
Ken took a deep breath. “Yeah… you’re right. You call her.”
Akechi dialed Emiko’s number and waited impatiently for her to pick up.
“Goro-kun?” she asked. “What’s up?”
“I just wanted to inquire about your birthday,” Akechi said, choosing his words carefully.
“Oh yeah!” the smile behind Emiko’s voice was obvious. “That’s coming up! I’m so glad you
remembered!”
“Oh, well, yes,” Akechi said. “We can’t seem to remember the exact date, though.”
“That’s okay,” Emiko said, completely unconcerned. Akechi’s relief was crushing. “It’s in a
few days. The nineteenth.”
“That’s great,” Akechi said. “Why don’t we treat you that afternoon? Where would you like
to go?”
“Sounds good!” Emiko said cheerfully. “Um, how about the cat cafe? Have you been there
before?”
“I can’t say that I have. But I think I know where you’re talking about,” Akechi said.
“I can show you the way,” Emiko promised.
“Well, thank you for being understanding, Emiko-kun.”
“No problem. Just don’t forget again!”
Akechi hung up and turned to Ken. Ken gave him a hopeful look. “Did it go well?” he asked.
“It’s on the nineteenth,” Akechi said. “We are so fortunate that Junpei’s birthday wasn’t four
days later.”
Ken let out a massive sigh of relief. “Awesome. Great. Amazing.”
Akechi’s thoughts exactly.

“Today’s lesson is going to be slightly different than usual,” Sato-sensei said. Akechi’s heart
sank. “We’re going to be discussing the cult that has been rising up in this area.”
A student almost immediately raised their hand. “Sir, my parents say that we shouldn’t talk
about Nyx.”
“Well, I think it’s very important that even children understand what is going on,” Sato said.
“Nyx is nothing to be afraid of.” He must’ve noticed Akechi’s face of disgust; his eyes
narrowed. “Akechi-kun, you seem to have something you wish to say. Can you tell us why
Nyx is nothing to be afraid of?”
Akechi frowned. “Pardon my rudeness, but isn’t this meant to be a math class?”
“I do not think you will have much need for math in the future,” Sato said. “Now, answer the
question.”
“Nyx is everything to be afraid of,” Akechi said, deciding that he didn’t care if he was
punished for speaking out. “The promise of her existence is the promise of all of our deaths.”
Small gasps and murmurs rang out throughout the classroom. On second thought, maybe
Akechi should have remembered he was in a classroom full of eleven-year-olds.
Sato shook his head, not looking angry. “I’m sure that’s what many of you have heard from
your parents. But Nyx isn’t going to bring our deaths. She is going to bring our salvation…”
As Sato continued to drone on, Akechi tuned out his words with a growing sense of nausea.
Emiko looked as though someone had started telling her that necromancy was real. She
looked at Akechi with a pleading expression.
Akechi pulled out his notebook and cat gel pen and pretended to be taking notes. He subtly
slid the notebook toward Emiko.
Let’s play a word game.
Emiko’s eyes shone with relief, and she pulled out her own pen.
“Yamamoto-kun,” Sato said. Akechi could punch him in the face. “You look very happy.
What are your thoughts on all I just told you?”
Emiko’s face fell. “Oh, um,” her voice was faint. “I guess… how do you know that you’re
right?”
“The charismatic one is quite knowledgeable on the subject–”
“The charismatic one is a murderer,” Akechi whispered under his breath.
“What was that?” Sato snapped.
“Sir,” Akechi said. His smile felt snakelike as it twisted its way onto his face. “I believe that
the law states that religion cannot be discussed in the classroom. Your subject does not even

pertain to anything regarding current events. I am concerned that you will lose your job if
you continue like this.”
Sato’s face fell.
“I’ll have you know the principal has already given me permission to give this lesson,” Sato
said. “I assure you; your math lessons will continue tomorrow.”
That was a saving grace. Akechi would have started skipping school otherwise.
Emiko and Akechi doodled in each other's notebooks for the rest of the lesson. During lunch,
Akechi tried not to hear students talk about their parents joining the cult as well.

“I’m sorry that you had to hear that lecture on your birthday, Emiko-kun,” Akechi told Emiko
after class.
“It’s alright,” Emiko shrugged. “I mean, I guess I understand why people follow it. But it still
sounds really strange to me. I mean, it just came out of nowhere. Someone probably made it
up, right?”
Akechi swallowed. “Probably,” he lied. He spotted Ken entering the schoolyard, and he
waved him over.
“I can’t believe I miss Sato-sensei teaching us math,” Ken said as he jogged up to them.
“That was rough.”
“I can’t believe that he thinks he’s going to get away with it,” Akechi said indignantly.
“Emiko-kun, try to see if your father will call the school. I’m going to have Mitsuru try and
intercede too.”
“Are you trying to get him fired?” Emiko asked.
“He deserves to be fired, trying to manipulate students who are only here to learn,” Akechi
said. “This isn’t some religious facility; this is a school.”
“I guess you’re right,” Emiko said.
“Did you tell him all that?” Ken asked, looking alarmed.
“I told him that I feared for his job, and that I thought we were meant to be learning math,”
Akechi said.
“That’s fair,” Ken said. “Man, I wish I were in your class.”
“I wish you were in our class too,” Emiko said.
“Well, there’s no point in dwelling on it right now,” Akechi said. “Where is this cat cafe,
Emiko-kun?”

“Oh, right!” Emiko perked up almost immediately. “I’ll show you.”

The cat cafe was extremely cozy. Almost as soon as the three of them sat down on poofs with
their drinks, a calico cat crawled into Akechi’s lap.
“You have been chosen,” Emiko said, scratching the top of the cat’s head.
“Fantastic,” Akechi sighed, sipping his coffee. It was actually rather good. Akechi made a
note of it for later. Maybe he could introduce Minato to some half-way decent forms of
coffee. He’d buy Minato a gift card for this place before he left.
“Do you think Koromaru would like it if we brought a cat home?” Ken asked.
“I know dogs can become good friends with cats,” Emiko said. “But it depends.”
“Koromaru’s an intelligent dog; I’m sure he could cope,” Akechi said, scratching his new
feline companion behind the ears.
“What about Taiyaki?” Ken asked.
“How about it?” Akechi asked. “Do you feel like eating my fish?”
Emiko gasped and covered up the cat’s ears. “Don’t curse poor Taiyaki!”
“I was joking,” Akechi said.
“Still.” Emiko continued to stroke the cat’s fur and made kissing noises. “You remind me of
Momo.”
“Oh, I’m sorry,” Ken said.
Emiko shook her head. “Don’t be,” she said. “Just because I miss Momo doesn’t mean I can’t
love other cats, right?”
“Of course not,” Ken said.
Emiko nodded. She cooed as the cat in Akechi’s lap began to purr loudly at her constant
petting. “Aw, she loves me.”
“She’s manipulating you,” Akechi said. “She knows exactly how to make you keep petting
her.”
“And it’s working magnificently,” Emiko said.
Ken sipped his coffee with a dignified expression. “You know, Goro-kun,” Ken said. “I think
we’re forgetting something very important.”
“And that is?”

“Why, it’s her birthday, of course,” Ken said. “And we all know what the most important part
of a birthday celebration is.”
“Oh, yes,” Akechi said. “How could I forget?”
Emiko covered her own ears. “No, please, you’re both awful at singing–”
They serenaded her with their worst birthday song yet.

When they reached the final barrier in Tartarus, everybody cheered so loudly that Akechi was
afraid they were going to attract shadows.
“How do we know that this will come down in time for the Promised Day?” Fuuka asked,
poking the magical barrier nervously.
“It will,” Minato said with confidence. Akechi only had faith in said confidence because both
Elizabeth and Theodore had assured them that it would be down in time.
“Hopefully there aren’t many floors after it,” Ken said. “I’d hate to get exhausted right before
we had to fight Nyx.”
“Well, no point in worrying about it right now,” Akihiko said, patting Ken’s shoulder.
“Is this the last old document?” Mitsuru asked, kneeling down in front of the chest across
from the teleporter.
“The last one we will be finding, at least,” Akechi said. “Read it out loud for us?”
Mitsuru nodded. “Of course.”
The other two had described the researcher discovering the danger that would arise from
amassing the shadows together.
“I'm leaving the team. I can't break the law. But, he won't come with me. Maybe I'll open an
antique store…”
“An antique store?” Minato asked. “You mean that old woman who trades items for gems?”
Akechi frowned. He had dealt with that woman on a rare occasion, but he mostly trusted
himself to collect the items he needed after battle.
“Perhaps we should talk to her another time,” Mitsuru said. “For now, we should go home
and get some rest. We’ve earned it.”
“You can say that again,” Junpei said, clapping his hands together with an excited grin across
his face. “Man am I glad I don’t need to worry about never finding the end of Tartarus.”
“We’ll probably come back a couple more times,” Minato said. “For training.”

“I can get behind that,” Akihiko said.
“We must be as prepared as possible if we are to fight Nyx and win,” Aigis said.
That was a big if. But… something about this cult was very familiar to Akechi. Maybe this
all had happened before. And if that was the case, then maybe Minato and his team fought
Nyx and won the first time around.
Only time would tell.

Chapter End Notes

You know after so many chapters in november, seeing a single chapter span 20 days
offends me
also im afraid im gonna forget so i must say that next chapter will be the first (and
probably only chapter) that has an overlap between the in-chapter date and the post date.
i mean i dont think there's a scene that takes place on the 25th, but it doesn't matter. I'm
absurdly happy about this.
also i should probably mention for those of you who noticed that the tower arcana rank
skip was for fun this time.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3
also I drew a picture of baby akechi if you wanna check it out.

Chapter 40: January 24–31, 2010
Chapter Summary

ITS THE FINAL COUNTDOWN
DUNDUNDUNDNNNNNNN DUNDUNDUNDUNNNNNNNN
DUDNUDNUDNDNNNN

Chapter Notes

tw: references to death, ptsd, references to child abuse

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“Where are you going?” Akechi asked Mitsuru as she brushed past him in the lounge that
Sunday.
“Oh, I was going to the mall,” Mitsuru said. “You may accompany me if you’d like.”
Akechi hesitated and followed. “I might as well collect some extra flier ammunition for our
nightly shredding.”
Mitsuru snorted. “Indeed. Just be careful. I don’t want any fanatics to attack you.”
“I can take them.”
“Can you take a mob?” Mitsuru sighed. “No, I’m being pessimistic. Just… after the incident
at your school with your teacher, I’m worried about how widespread the cult’s reach is
becoming.”
Mitsuru, as well as emails from multiple angry parents and guardians, had managed to get
Sato fired. He was no particular loss; he wasn’t what Akechi would call either a good or kind
teacher. Mitsuru wanted to know why the principal had agreed to such an arrangement to
begin with, but the principal feigned ignorance about the entire ordeal.
“I understand,” Akechi said. “But I’ll be fine.”
They arrived at the mall safely, and Akechi balked at the sheer number of fliers plastering the
walls and floors. There were even a few floating in the fountain. Akechi could imagine the
sheer look of horror on Elizabeth’s face if she realized how desecrated her fountain spirit
was.

For her sake, Akechi fished the fliers out of the fountain first. He threw their soggy masses
away instead of saving them for the paper shredder.
“Why are you even here?” Akechi asked Mitsuru, who was hovering protectively over him.
Normally, Akechi would be annoyed, but he had caught the dirty looks a few bystanders were
giving him. Perhaps there was safety in numbers.
“I wanted to speak to the owner of the antique shop,” Mitsuru said. “Since she had first-hand
experience working with my grandfather that my father likely didn’t.”
Akechi frowned as he snatched a handful of fliers off the ground, crumpling them in the
process. “I don’t want to pry, but… what was your father’s relationship with your
grandfather?”
“I’m… I’m not really sure,” Mitsuru admitted. “My father never liked to talk about him,
except to point out where he went wrong. I think they loved each other. Or, whatever equated
to love in my grandfather’s heart. On the day he died–” Mitsuru’s voice choked on the words.
“--Ikutsuki said something that’s been bothering me for a while now.”
Akechi remembered it clearly. It was one of the last things Ikutsuki had ever said on one of
the worst nights of Akechi’s life. He’d have been hard-pressed to forget.
“Your father might have made an exception, but I won’t,” Akechi quoted quietly. “Something
along those lines, at least.”
“Yes.” Mitsuru nodded, looking ill. “Which means that my grandfather must have known
how adamantly my father stood against his research, and something in his heart kept my
father alive in spite of that.”
“Imagine that,” Akechi said.
“I think… I think my grandfather hid the truth from my father to avoid a confrontation,”
Mitsuru said. “Although, he was willing to toy with my life, so clearly that care only
extended so far.”
Akechi’s stomach clenched. He tried to push away the guilt but found that he couldn’t.
“I’m sorry,” he said. “I shouldn’t have brought it up.”
“No.” Mitsuru shook her head. “It feels good to talk about it to someone. Even though I
might never know the truth, speaking about it helps me feel to feel more… at peace on the
matter, I suppose.”
Akechi had never enjoyed not knowing the truth, but he had to applaud Mitsuru for trying to
let the past rest. Akechi nodded. “Well, I suppose we have an antique shop owner to
interrogate, don’t we?”
“Interrogate is a very strong term,” Mitsuru said. “I’d prefer to say question.”
“Is there really a difference?”

When they entered, the antique shop owner stood behind her desk as always, wearing the
same unimpressed expression she always wore.
“Kirijo-san,” she said. “What can I do for you today?”
“I just wanted some answers, if you are willing,” Mitsuru said. She looked around, but the
rest of the shop was completely empty. “You don’t seem to be preoccupied with any other
customers at the moment.”
“I’m afraid I can’t tell you anything that I’m sure you don’t already know,” the owner said.
“Don’t you have access to your entire company’s databases?”
Mitsuru grimaced. “Yes, I suppose I do,” she said. “But some data was lost in the explosion.
I’m sure you know the one I’m talking about, seeing as you worked under my grandfather for
a time.”
“Yes, I do.” The owner sighed. “Well, I suppose some proper introductions are in order. I am
Himura Akari. I’m sure you can find my name in whatever records of researchers you have
available to you.”
“What part of the research team were you in?” Mitsuru asked.
“I worked alongside Takeba,” she said. “I knew he was married, but I still… Well, it doesn’t
matter now. I mostly focused on creating a time-manipulation device, although I assisted in
the creation of the Anti-Shadow Suppression Weapons.”
“I take it you didn’t know about the kidnapping orphans off of the streets and injecting them
with potential?” Akechi asked.
Mitsuru flinched.
“It’s the only logical assumption,” Akechi said, irritated by her apparent surprise. “Nobody
will notice if a couple of homeless children disappear. That’s what happened to Strega.”
“Well, yes, I know.” Mitsuru sighed. “I just… hate thinking about it.”
“I wasn’t involved in anything along those lines, but… there were rumors,” Himura said. “I
had often wondered if I should investigate Kirijo’s operation further. But I was too cowardly.
Too preoccupied with Nyx, who we discovered was the source of those damned plumes of
darkness–”
“Our plumes of darkness are from Nyx?” Mitsuru asked.
“Yes.” Himura nodded. “That is how your grandfather learned of her existence to begin with.
He became fascinated with the Fall after that.”
After a few more questions that yielded no truly satisfactory answers, Mitsuru and Akechi
stepped out of the shop. Mitsuru still looked sick to her stomach.

“I never imagined that my grandfather would be so vile…” She took a deep breath. “No, I
did. It’s just… hard to have another witness confirm what we already knew. To know he
would be willing to destroy so many lives.”
“Yukari should have the opportunity to speak to Himura,” Akechi said. “It’s clear that she
was quite close to Yukari’s father.”
“Agreed.” Mitsuru tucked her hair behind her ear. “I’m embarrassed to admit it, but I’m still a
little in shock.”
“Because your grandfather is evil?” Akechi asked skeptically.
“No, it’s not that.” Mitsuru shook her head as they stepped out of the mall. “I just don’t
understand why my father would love him, that’s all.”
“Didn’t you love him?” Akechi asked.
“When I was a very young child, maybe I did,” Mitsuru said. “I cannot say that I feel a thing
toward him any longer.”
“How do you know your father didn’t give up on him as well?”
Mitsuru shook her head. “There’s a picture in his private study. It’s usually face down, but
when he died and I was… forced to take over, I finally had the opportunity to look at it. It
was a picture of my father when he was a very little boy, standing between my grandfather
and grandmother for a family photo at the beach.”
“Is he happy in the photograph?”
“Happier than I ever knew him.” Mitsuru wore a bitter smile as she hugged herself. “I don’t
think you would keep a picture like that if there wasn’t some remaining part of you that still
loved him. But why? Why would my father, who only ever fought for what is good, continue
to love such a vile man?”
“Why did my mother wait every day for my sorry excuse for a father to come home?” Akechi
asked. “Why did I sell my soul just to hear acknowledgement from a man I hated?”
Why did Akira nearly submit to brainwashing just for Akechi’s sake?
Mitsuru’s frown deepened as a brisk wind caused her hair to fly behind her face. “Why?”
“Because we’re weak,” Akechi snapped. “And when things are hard, we cling to what makes
us comfortable rather than what is true. I didn’t know your father for any significant length of
time, but he likely chose to remember the man your grandfather once was to him. It’s a
miracle that he also bothered to remember that he was no longer that man in the end.”
Mitsuru’s eyes glistened. “I suppose that’s true,” she said. “Thank you.”
“Don’t get too emotional over it,” Akechi muttered, a little confused as to why she was
thanking him. “It was just a theory.”

“Yes, well, I’m appreciative nonetheless,” Mitsuru said with a small smile. “Even after
everything that’s happened, my faith in my father wavered, but you put things back into
perspective.”
“Mitsuru-senpai,” Akechi said. He stopped.
“What is it?”
Akechi smiled on reflex. “Oh, nothing,” he said lightly. What had he even wanted to say? “It
doesn’t matter.”
Mitsuru looked skeptical, but she didn’t push. “If you say so.”
Empress Arcana: Rank 9

“It’s almost time.”
“Yeah.”
Nobody else was in the lounge. Mitsuru and Minato had left that afternoon, mentioning
something about sticking it to the fiancé. Akechi wasn’t going to touch that situation with a
ten-foot pole. Yukari had gone to speak with Himura about her father, and Ken was studying,
of all things. Junpei, Aigis, and Fuuka had all gone to see a movie that Junpei promised
would make them cry their eyes out.
Oddly enough, Junpei invited Akihiko to come along, perhaps as an attempt to make amends
after the Chidori disaster. Akihiko rejected the offer and was currently holed up in his room,
moping.
“Have you spoken to Akihiko yet?” Akechi asked as he chopped up onions. Shinjiro had
asked for his assistance in learning a new recipe, and Akechi couldn’t say no.
Naturally, Shinjiro had given Akechi one of the more painful jobs. Akechi blinked rapidly as
the fumes stung his eyes and caused tears to flood his vision.
“Yep,” Shinjiro said. “Gave him the regular lecture about forgiving himself. Or, if he can’t
manage that, at least trying to accept an olive branch when he sees one. Junpei’s not trying to
kill him, which is a big step.”
“At least Junpei’s choosing to be mature enough not to make a problem out of this while in
battle,” Akechi said. He eagerly gave Shinjiro his onion slices. “That would be disastrous.”
Shinjiro nodded. “That’s one way to put it.” He dumped the onions into the pan, and they
sizzled violently. “But that’s not what I wanted to talk about.”
“No, you just wanted to talk about how we all might die in two days,” Akechi said. “It’s
really one of my favorite conversation topics.”

“Are you scared?”
“Are you?”
“And what if I said yes?” Shinjiro said. His entire body went on edge as he turned up the heat
on the stove.
“What?” Akechi asked.
“You heard me, Goro.” Shinjiro held out his hand. “Pass me the chicken.”
Akechi handed him their thinly cut chicken breasts. After Shinjiro had safely put them all on
the pan, Akechi washed his hands thoroughly.
“I didn’t expect that,” Akechi said eventually. “What happened to not caring what happened
to you? You were certainly apathetic about dying a few months ago.”
“That’s not fair.”
“Isn’t it?” Akechi asked tersely as he dried his hands with a towel. “You hid the fact that you
were dying from everyone, including Akihiko, who is your childhood best friend, last time I
checked. You were going to let Ken kill you–”
“It was his choice–”
“No, it was not!” Akechi shouted. He threw the towel against the counter. “Nobody should
choose who should live or die; nobody should have that sort of power!”
Shinjiro looked Akechi dead in the eyes, neglecting his cooking. “So you’re telling me that if
you had a gun to Takaya’s head, you wouldn’t pull the trigger?”
“That’s different and you know it.”
“So what you really mean to say is that nobody should choose who should live or die unless
that person really deserves it.”
“Yes, ugh, I don’t know.” Akechi leaned back against the counter. “Takaya does deserve to
die, and I will not feel an ounce of remorse over his death.”
“Nor should you,” Shinjiro agreed. “The world’s better off without him.”
“So, what? You thought that the world would be better off without you?” Akechi asked. “Is
that why you were so willing to let Ken kill you?”
“This isn’t what I wanted to talk about.”
“Well, we’re talking about it now, aren’t we?!”
Shinjiro returned his attention to his food. “Are you seriously going to tell me that you’ve
never felt that way before?”

“You don’t know how I feel.”
“No, but I can guess,” Shinjiro said. “If I’m wrong, just tell me.”
Akechi grit his teeth. “I would have gone down fighting. I did go down fighting.” Although it
wasn’t much of a fight.
“Alright, maybe I was wrong to let Ken make that sort of decision,” Shinjiro said. “Maybe I
should have fought. I’m not the same as I was back then.”
“No?” Akechi asked.
“You asked me if I was afraid.” Shinjiro turned off the stove and faced Akechi, but Akechi
didn’t think his chicken was done. “Well, guess what? I am afraid of dying. I think we all
are.”
“What changed?”
“You guys,” Shinjiro said. “I was alone, and then, all of a sudden, I wasn’t. It’s harder to let
go of this life when there are things actually making it worthwhile.”
“Cut the cliché bullshit.”
“Is it cliché if it’s true?”
“You’re not telling me everything.”
Shinjiro scoffed, but he was wearing a small smile. “No, I guess I’m not. There is one
confession I’ll make. But you have to promise not to tell Akihiko.”
“Fine. I promise.”
“I was always afraid of my sickness,” Shinjiro said quietly. “I wasn’t always afraid of death,
but I was afraid of dying in a hospital room, slowly losing all of my strength. I’m going to be
completely honest. I’m still afraid of that. But that’s part of the reason why I wanted to let
Ken kill me. I wanted it to be quick.”
Akechi pushed himself off the counter. “I guess I can understand that.”
“I thought you might.”
Shinjiro turned the stove back on. Slowly, the chicken began to simmer and change in shade.
“What are you going to do?”
Shinjiro gave Akechi a quizzical look. “What do you mean?”
“You don’t want to die, so I take it you will be fighting to live in our upcoming fight with
Nyx. If we win. What are you going to do?”
Shinjiro raised his eyebrows. “I guess I get another year and a half.”

“That’s not what I meant and you know it.”
“I’m going to face my fear,” Shinjiro said. “That’s how you overcome them, right? I’ll grow
weak in a hospital bed, or maybe I’ll just grow weak in my own bed. Either way, I’ll hate it.
But I’m trusting you, Akihiko, and the others to make it slightly less miserable. Hell, I bet
you guys could even find a way to make it fun.”
“Fun?” Akechi asked.
Shinjiro turned off the stove and put the chicken on two plates. He held one of them out to
Akechi. Akechi shook his head.
“I’m not hungry.”
“I’ll leave it for Ken, then.”
After Shinjiro ate, Akechi helped him clean the kitchen in silence. When they were done,
Shinjiro sat on top of the counter in a similar fashion to Akihiko. He patted the counter space
to his right.
“Sit down,” he said.
Akechi rolled his eyes but hoisted himself onto the counter next to Shinjiro. Shinjiro reached
into one of his jacket pockets and pulled out a clump of papers.
“I wanted you to have this.”
Akechi took the pieces of paper. A cursory glance at the title was enough to get his stomach
to tighten.
“You want me to have your will?” Akechi asked.
“Akihiko has a copy too,” Shinjiro said. “It’s nothing legal. I just wrote it up a few days ago.
But if something happens, I just want you to be prepared.”
Akechi glanced through its contents. There were a few assignments of items to various
people. Nine envelopes with nine separate names.
One was Ryoji.
“You really trust him that much?” Akechi asked, staring at Ryoji’s name on the envelope.
“I’ll actually take those envelopes back, except for yours,” Shinjiro said. “I was going to
hand those out to people separately; Akihiko already has his. I didn’t realize they were
stuffed between the pages.”
That was what happened when someone stuffed a clump of papers in a pocket, no matter how
big it was.

“That makes sense,” Akechi said, handing back all the envelopes except the one with his
name written on it. “But who will have Ryoji’s?”
“Who do you think?”
“Minato.” Akechi nodded to himself as he peered at the will to find his own name. “To
Akechi I give… my set of cooking knives?”
“I was feeling nostalgic,” Shinjiro said. “Besides, you’ve gotten pretty decent around the
kitchen, Knife Kid.”
Something painful stuck inside Akechi’s throat. He tried his hardest to swallow it down, but
it only continued to climb higher against his desperation. He couldn’t cry. He couldn’t show
that sort of weakness.
So, Akechi did what he did best. He got angry.
“You really think that writing a pathetic will and some sentimental letters is going to make
any of this go away?” Akechi asked. He jumped down to the floor, holding his envelope so
tightly in his fist that it crumbled. “Is this really meant to make me feel better?”
“I might have been hoping that–”
“You’re going to die, Shinjiro!” Akechi snapped. “Nothing is going to make that better. Why
can’t you realize that?”
“I do realize that.”
“Then stop treating it like you’re going on vacation!” He waved the papers in Shinjiro’s face.
“This isn’t some two-year trip to Europe to visit distant relatives! You are going to be leaving
forever; your miserable existence will end, and the rest of us will be left behind!”
Akechi’s breathing hitched. He stopped talking before he could truly embarrass himself.
Shinjiro slid off the counter and gently rested a hand on Akechi’s shoulder. “I understand. I
don’t want to leave either. But everybody dies, and I’m not trying to say that in a cynical way.
I just mean that it was going to happen eventually.”
“I know that,” Akechi said, his voice choked. He refused to look Shinjiro in the eyes.
“I want to leave something behind for the people I care about,” Shinjiro continued. “That’s all
this is. It doesn’t hurt to be prepared, right?”
Akechi swallowed and got a hold of himself. “No, it doesn’t.”
Shinjiro sighed and ran his hand down his face. “When I first ran into you, I had no idea what
I was getting into.”
“I could say the same,” Akechi said. “But I’m sorry for burdening you.”

“Burden? Yeah, right. It’s not a burden to watch out for the people that matter.” Shinjiro
smiled. “Look, I know you’ve got a lot of issues going on in there”—Shinjiro poked Akechi’s
forehead, and Akechi swatted his hand away—“But I care about you. So try to keep living
after I’m gone.”

Thou art I… and I am thou
The connection that you have nurtured has been transformed

Thy bond shall be the compass of redemption
and break the yoke of thy heart

The power of the Moon Arcana has been set free
Granting thee ultimate power

“You make it sound easy,” Akechi said quietly.
“It’s not.” Shinjiro shook his head. “And I’m sorry. But try. For my sake.”
“Fine.” Akechi smoothed out the crumpled will on the counter. “I’ll try.”

“One more day,” Minato said. He dragged Akechi out to get some disgusting coffee, and
Akechi was glad of it. The atmosphere in the dorms was growing more and more tense by the
minute. The realization that tomorrow was the day that the world might end was both
nauseating and thrilling.
“One more day,” Akechi said. He put down his mug of coffee and found that he had almost
drunk the entire thing, much to his horror. Was he actually getting used to the taste of
garbage? “Do you think we’ll succeed?”
Minato shrugged. “I don’t know.”
Akechi tapped the table with his fingers rhythmically. It was hard to stay still.
“I never thanked you,” Minato said suddenly. “For convincing Ryoji to come over on
Christmas. I really appreciate it.”
“It was nothing,” Akechi said, even though he had traveled about half the city to find him.
“He was the one who decided to come in the end.”

“He wouldn’t have if you didn’t talk to him.” Minato smiled. “Thank you.”
Akechi stared very carefully at the hairline cracks on his mug. “He said something interesting
to me on New Years Eve.”
“He said a lot of things,” Minato said.
“He told me that he wanted to continue to live in this world,” Akechi said. “And that was
why he was going to resist Nyx.”
“He said something along the same lines to me,” Minato said. He smiled. “I’m glad he found
his resolve. I’m glad I found my resolve.”
“You certainly were lacking in that area for quite a while,” Akechi agreed.
“Well, you were never afraid to point it out.” Minato shrugged. “I wanted to show you
something, actually.”
Minato removed a small picture book from his bag. A familiar drawing of a pink alligator
was on the front cover, as incomplete as it had been two months ago.
“I finally found a publisher,” Minato said. He put the book on the table. Akechi picked it up
and flipped through it. The incomplete coloring of the pictures did have a strange beauty to
them, although Akechi couldn’t help but wonder what they might have looked like if Chidori
had the chance to complete them. “It’s going to be released in March.”
“March, huh?” Akechi asked. “You’re certainly looking to the future.”
“It’s a promise to myself,” Minato said. “We can’t die, because I have so much I still want to
do.” His lips quirked upwards. “I’m thinking of putting more effort into track after all this. Or
maybe I’ll become student council president. Or both.”
Minato certainly had the grades for it, but Akechi wasn’t sure how successful he’d be in
speeches.
Akechi placed the book back on the table and laughed grimly. “It must be nice to have a
goal,” he said. “I thought I wanted to go back to my own time, but now, I don’t know what I
want.”
“Everybody wants something.”
“Are you sure?”
“When I was… When I first joined the team,” Minato stumbled over his words. “I thought I
didn’t care about anything. But that wasn’t really true. I did care. I wanted to forget my pain.”
“I suppose that is a goal, even if it isn’t very driven,” Akechi sighed. He frowned. What did
he want?
Shinjiro’s words from the night before echoed inside his head.

“I want to live,” Akechi said quietly. He didn’t even know what that meant. Hell, he wasn’t
even sure why.
“That’s enough to defeat Nyx,” Minato said. “Can’t live if we fail, right?”
“No,” Akechi said. “I guess not.” He held the book out to Minato. “Thank you for showing
me this.”
Minato shook his head and pushed the book back into Akechi’s hands. “I want you to keep
it,” he said. “I have other copies.”
“Oh.” Akechi stared at the book in his hands before placing it back down. “Thank you.”
“Something to remember me by.”
“Remember you by… what does that mean?”
Minato frowned. “I… have a strange feeling that something important is going to happen
tomorrow night,” he said. “I don’t know what’s going to happen to me.”
“You’re going to live,” Akechi said fiercely. He slammed his hand against the book.
“Promise me you’ll fight to the very end.”
“Yes.” Minato nodded, and a strange ferocity shone in his eyes. “I’m not backing down.”
“Good.” Akechi relaxed back into his seat and finished his less-than-ideal coffee. “Oh, right.
I got something for you too.”
“You did?”
Akechi reached into his pocket and pulled out the gift card to the cat cafe. He had completely
forgotten about it almost as soon as he had bought it.
“I went to a cat cafe for my friend’s birthday,” Akechi explained, holding out the gift card.
Minato took it with a curious expression. “The coffee there is actually decent.”
“Huh,” Minato said. “Are the cats cute?”
“Very.”
Minato put his gift card into his pocket. “Thank you. We should go after all of this is over.”
“If all of this is over,” Akechi said.
“You made it to the 2010s,” Minato said.
“I don’t remember any of this happening,” Akechi said. “Although this cult business is
familiar. Maybe there is hope for success.”
Minato nodded. “I’m counting on it.”

Thou art I… and I am thou
The connection that you have nurtured has been transformed

Thy bond shall be the compass of redemption
and break the yoke of thy heart

The power of the Death Arcana has been set free
Granting thee ultimate power

On the night of the promised day, everyone sat in the command room for possibly the last
time. The air was thick with anticipation, and a strange calm fell over Akechi. Whatever
happened tonight, at least it would finally be over.
Truly over.
“This is the last time we might meet together like this,” Mitsuru said. “Is everybody ready?”
Yukari raised her hand. “Can I say something?” Mitsuru nodded, and Yukari stood up. “If we
manage to defeat Nyx, we’ll probably end up destroying the Dark Hour too. Our memories
might disappear… but I promise, I won’t forget you all! I’ll remember no matter what
happens!”
“And we’ll remember you too, Yuka-tan,” Junpei said, grinning.
“As if I could forget,” Akechi muttered.
The rest of the group affirmed Yukari’s words, handing out various forms of encouragement.
Junpei stood up as well. “I’ve got it! After the battle, we should meet up!”
“But where would we meet?” Ken asked.
“Well, it can’t be the dorms,” Akihiko said. “We’re already there every day.”
“I think we should also consider when we meet,” Yukari said. “We shouldn’t meet right after,
because it’s possible we won’t forget until a little bit of time has passed.”
“How about graduation day?” Mitsuru asked. “I doubt we could forget that date.”

“That’s easy enough to remember,” Shinjiro said. “But we still haven’t decided where.”
“How about the school roof?” Fuuka asked. “It has a beautiful view of the city.”
“That is true,” Aigis said. “And it will remind us of our time in Tartarus.”
“Then, it’s decided.” Minato stood up. “We’ll meet up on the school roof on graduation.” He
held tightly onto his evoker. “Thank you all, for everything you’ve done to get us here.”
“You’ve been a pretty great leader too, you know,” Junpei said.
Minato gave Junpei an appreciative nod. “If this is the last time we see each other,” he said
hesitantly. “I’m glad you were my friends.”
Aigis nodded. “Let’s kick Nyx’s ass.”
Junpei let out a startled laugh.

Chapter End Notes

For those of you who HAVEN'T played p3 before, if you're confused by the forgetting
things because the dark hour is disappearing, you're valid. I was confused when I
watched p3, but I've just accepted it. If you aren't confused, kudos.
ALSO, I'm doing another social link opinion poll! I thought it was really fun to see
people's opinions, and it's been a lot of chapters since the last one. It'll be open until next
Thursday.

Chapter 41: January 31–February 1, 2010
Chapter Summary

Local School Children Beat Up the Literal Manifestation of Death, more at 10

Chapter Notes

tw: death, blood, ptsd, violence, guns,
this is the LAST TIME i'm doing the cringe fanfic thing, I promise, but your experience
will be very heightened if you listen to battle for everyone's souls on loop starting when
Yukari says "look up", and then stopping when "a stunned silence fell over the group." I
know it's a lot of work, but this music is so cool to read the battle to, okay.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Just as they hoped, the barrier opened up to the final floors of Tartarus. Everybody let out a
small sigh of relief before they sprinted up the stairs. There were a few floors filled with
shadows, but they eventually reached a floor with not a single shadow in sight.
Instead, Jin stood in front of the stairs leading to their destination. He looked furious.
“And here I was hoping you had died from head trauma,” Akechi said.
“Ha, yeah right!” Jin gave Yukari a burning glare. “Although it’s that bitch’s fault that I had
to deal with such a headache for three weeks–”
“I’m standing right here, you know!” Yukari shouted, knocking an arrow in her bow. “And
how is that my fault?!”
“You alerted Chidori to our presence. Maybe if you hadn’t screamed so loudly, she wouldn’t
have hit me over the head with a lamp!”
“Maybe, if you hadn’t broken into our home, I wouldn’t have felt the need to scream!” Yukari
aimed at Jin’s head. “I had a concussion too, you know.”
Jin scoffed. “Well, it doesn’t matter now,” he said. “Even if I can’t humble a bunch of brats
like you, Nyx will do the rest for me.”
“How do you know about Nyx?” Akihiko asked.

“I pieced together that scientist Ikutsuki’s research,” Jin said. “He was always obsessed with
the idea of the Fall, but I never thought he’d show up again after that explosion. Life has a
way of surprising you, doesn’t it?”
“You know what isn’t surprising?” Shinjiro asked. “Us kicking your ass. So maybe you can
let us through and spare us the trouble.”
“Do I look like a coward to you?” Jin asked. “I’m not Akechi. I don’t run from my
problems–”
“Say that again–”
“Besides, I can’t have you getting in the way of Takaya’s wish.” Jin pulled out his evoker and
a grenade. “So if you want to get through, you’ll have to come through me!”
Mitsuru sighed. “It seems you will not be reasoned with. Shall we attack?”
Minato nodded and started giving commands. It was nothing nobody had heard before, and
everybody fell into their positions naturally just as Jin threw a grenade at Fuuka’s feet. The
blast hit Fuuka, and Ken hastened to heal her.
“I’m not like before,” Jin said. “I know all of your weaknesses now!”
Jin started to target all their weaknesses. Akihiko fell to an ice attack as Minato pulled out his
evoker with one swift motion. He summoned Odin without saying a word and shocked Jin.
“Everybody, attack him!” Minato shouted.
It wasn’t hard to knock Jin down after that. It took mere minutes for the fight to be over.
Minato’s personas had caught up with Akechi’s. Akechi was no longer the most powerful
person in the group. It was quite a refreshing realization to make, especially considering what
they were up against.
Jin gasped for breath as he tried to force himself to his feet. Everybody stood still, waiting for
him to attempt another futile attack.
“I can’t believe it,” Jin said. He coughed. Drops of blood hit the white floor. “I lost.”
“You should’ve stuck together,” Junpei said. “How the hell did you expect to win against all
of us?”
“Takaya… needed to realize his wish…” Jin continued to cough. “I’m not going to lose to a
bunch of children!”
“You already have,” Shinjiro said.
Jin stumbled backwards as he fumbled with his evoker. “N-no–”

Koromaru leapt forward and knocked the evoker out of Jin’s hands. Jin fell on his back as
Koromaru ran back to Aigis with the weapon. Aigis took it.
“Good boy,” Aigis said with a smile.
“Bah–” Jin heaved for breath. “Figures.”
“I don’t get it,” Ken said. “Why are you so loyal to Takaya in the first place?”
“You wouldn’t understand.” Jin sat up and spat. “I’m sure you’ve pieced together my tragic
backstory between Akechi’s meddling and Chidori’s disloyalty.”
“Yes,” Mitsuru said tersely.
“Then, you should already know that Takaya saved me from that place,” Jin stood up. “And
not just from the facility, from my own darkness. What do you expect me to do?”
Akechi would be the world’s worst hypocrite if he condemned Jin’s actions now.
“Jin,” Mitsuru said. “I am sorry for what the Kirijo Group did to you. To pick up so many
children off the streets for our experiments is… beyond sickening. But I cannot allow you to
hurt my friends any longer.”
Jin rolled his eyes. “I don’t even care about the Kirijo group anymore,” he said. “They will
burn with the rest of the world. All that matters now… is Takaya’s happiness.”
It would have been sweet if Takaya wasn’t one of the worst people Akechi knew.
“Guys!” Fuuka cried out. “A host of shadows are converging on this location!”
“I think that’s our cue to go,” Shinjiro said. Everybody ran to the stairs, ignoring Jin. Junpei
was the only one to lag behind, resisting Yukari’s dragging him back.
“We can’t just leave him there,” Junpei said.
“We can’t exactly force him to come along with us either!” Yukari shouted. “Let’s go!”
Jin pulled a grenade from his belt. “I don’t need your pity.”
“W-wait!”
“Junpei, if you die because of your absurd sense of justice, I am going to kill you!” Akechi
shouted, running back down the stairs to help Yukari. “We have bigger things to worry
about.”
“But–”
“Let’s go!”
Akechi grabbed Junpei’s other arm and helped Yukari drag him up the stairs. They were
almost to the next level of the floor when a loud explosion rocked the room. The shockwaves

blasted everyone forward, and Akechi fell, causing the scarred side of his face to slam against
the edge of the steps.
And then there was silence.
Everyone picked themselves up. The shadows were gone. So was Jin.
“He-he’s gone,” Fuuka said in quiet horror.
“Good riddance,” Akechi said, continuing to move up the stairs. “Come on.”
“I mean, yeah,” Yukari said, her voice shaking. “But he–”
“Goro’s right,” Mitsuru said. “We can’t be focusing on that right now. Who knows how much
time we have before Nyx comes.”
“Right,” Junpei said bitterly.

Unsurprisingly, Takaya waited for them a few more floors up. He sat to the side, not even
bothering to block the stairs.
Although everyone else stopped, Akechi started to walk toward the stairs.
“Goro, wait–” Ken started. A gunshot finished his sentence. The bullet sped right in front of
Akechi’s face, scorching the wall to his right.
That was one question answered, at least.
“Is the top of Tartarus past this point?” Akihiko asked.
“Indeed,” Takaya said, lowering his revolver.
“Let us through,” Minato said coldly.
Takaya smirked and tilted his head. “And why would I let you do a thing like that?”
“Do you want us to kill you?” Shinjiro asked.
“I doubt that you took Jin’s life of your own volition,” Takaya said. “The explosion was quite
a sound to behold. I’m glad Jin had the courage to do what was necessary.”
Junpei sputtered, his face burning with rage. “You sick—sick—”
Takaya stood up and walked in front of the stairs. “The end is nigh,” he said. “What do you
even hope to accomplish by coming here? Do you too wish to see Nyx in her brilliance?”
“As if,” Shinjiro said. “You know why we’re here.”

“If you are truly foolish enough to attempt to stop the inevitable, then you have disappointed
me.” Takaya tutted. “Although, I suppose I should not be surprised. Your entire group seems
to be made of sentimental fools.”
“Not all of us can be murderers,” Mitsuru said.
“No, but the number seems to be growing as of late.” Takaya hummed. “What are we at now?
Three of you? And the young one here was very close to becoming a fourth–” He gestured
toward Ken. “And, of course, from a certain perspective, all of you can consider yourselves
killers.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Yukari demanded.
“In your ferocity to destroy the Dark Hour, you unwittingly aided in Nyx’s coming. If it
weren’t for your efforts, this momentous day would not have come at all. I really have you to
thank for all of this.”
“We made a mistake,” Aigis admitted. “But we have come to rectify it. That is what it means
to live!”
“Why bother to stop the end?” Takaya laughed. “You should rejoice in it instead. It has been
the dream of generations to see the end of the world, and now it is here for us to witness!”
“Some of us want to live, asshat!” Akihiko snapped.
“Oh, but not all of us,” Takaya said. He smiled at Shinjiro, Akechi, and Ken. “Some of us are
more than ready to depart this mortal plane.”
“It seems that you are mistaken,” Akechi said coldly. “Because we have all chosen to live.
You’re the only one in this room who chooses death.”
Takaya’s expression darkened. “Even you, Goro? Surely you know the future is just an
illusion–”
“What do you know about the future, you bastard?!” Junpei shouted, finally finding his voice
again. “You only destroy it for everyone else!”
Takaya sighed. “If you are referring to Chidori’s death–”
“What else would I be referring to?” Junpei’s sword shook. “You killed her!”
“I believe the target was you,” Takaya said. “Besides, it was your friend who killed Chidori. I
just helped him along in the process.”
Akihiko’s expression became furious. “You–”
“Chidori was ready for her departure,” Takaya said. “And if she wasn’t, then she was no
longer worth my time–”
“She cared about you!” Junpei’s voice cracked. “Don’t tell me you didn’t care about her!”

Takaya sighed. “How many times do I have to tell you? Attachment is a weakness I cannot
afford–”
“And yet you came back for her,” Akechi said. “But I suppose that was all practical.”
“I refuse to debate pointlessly with you,” Takaya said. “If you truly refuse to see the salvation
that Nyx provides, then I will be more than happy to end you myself!”
“Come on, Akihiko-senpai,” Junpei said. “Let’s show this son of a bitch that teamwork is a
whole lot more effective than bullets.”
Akihiko nodded. “Couldn’t have said it better myself.”
“He only has five bullets left!” Shinjiro shouted.
“As if I am some one-trick pony,” Takaya said derisively. He collapsed to his knees and used
megidolaon.
Half the group was able to dodge the attack. Akechi was not among that half. He ignored the
pain as he jumped to his feet. Minato summoned Odin again to shock Takaya in place. Yukari
hit Takaya with one of her arrows just as Aigis shot Takaya with her finger guns. Takaya fell
backwards with a sharp sound of pain.
They only managed to get a few hits in before Takaya jumped to his feet again. He used
megidolaon once again, and Ken nearly fell unconscious. As Ken hurried to heal himself,
Junpei charged and slashed Takaya across the stomach.
Takaya stumbled backwards, pressing his hand against his fresh injuries. He aimed his
revolver at Junpei’s head.
Akechi dropped his saber and sprinted toward Takaya. He dug his nails into Takaya’s wrist
and twisted his hand back. The gun fell from Takaya’s fingers just as Takaya’s wrist cracked.
Akechi let go and picked up the gun.
Takaya fell onto his back. Unlike Jin, he didn’t look angry at being defeated.
Akechi pointed the evoker at Takaya’s forehead. Takaya laughed.
“And so it comes to be my time to die,” Takaya said. “Why do you hesitate?”
“I’m not hesitating,” Akechi snapped.
“Goro, wait,” Mitsuru said.
“And why should I?” Akechi asked. “Since when has he deserved our pity?”
“He speaks true,” Takaya said. “I am prepared to go on to the next plane. I do not fight
against the inevitable.”
“You will only give him what he wants,” Mitsuru said.

“Either way he gets what he wants!” Akihiko shouted. “He’ll get to see Nyx coming, which
was his greatest wish, according to Jin!”
Akechi crouched down and pressed the evoker against Takaya’s temple. “Maybe I won’t kill
you immediately,” he whispered. “Maybe I’ll shoot your hands and crush them beneath my
heel. I wonder how painful that is. Oh, wait.”
Akechi pushed the muzzle of the gun further against Takaya’s forehead. Takaya grinned. “Do
it, then. I know you can.”
“Maybe I’ll shoot your legs,” Akechi continued, standing to his feet and raising his voice.
“I’ll make it so that you can never see Nyx, but you can hear her arrival, and you will know
that I was the one who made it impossible for you.”
“Goro,” Mitsuru said again. “There’s no honor in taking the life of an opponent who can’t
even move.”
“He nearly killed Shinjiro and Ken,” Akechi snarled. “He did kill Chidori. So, excuse me if I
don’t give a damn about honor. The only way to ensure he doesn’t hurt anyone else again is
to end him.”
“He’s right,” Junpei said.
Akechi might be right, and yet his finger froze on the trigger. It would be one movement. One
breath. It didn’t matter if Takaya was helpless under his thumb, he was evil–
“Junpei,” Akihiko said. Akechi turned his head to see Junpei give Akihiko a small nod.
What?
Akihiko stormed toward Takaya, seized the gun from Akechi’s hands, and fired. The bullet
pierced Takaya’s forehead, causing blood to splatter everywhere. Some of it landed on
Akechi’s pants.
Takaya’s mouth was half-open, a ghost of a smile still on his face. No life shone from behind
his yellow eyes, and his skin was already pale enough that he looked like he had been dead
for more than just a few seconds.
It was surreal.
“I was going to do it,” Akechi spat.
Akihiko dropped the gun. For some reason—nostalgic value, Takaya’s voice whispered-Akechi picked it up. “Sure,” Akihiko said. “I got tired of waiting.”
“Akihiko-senpai…” Fuuka whispered, looking stunned.
“Don’t look at me like that,” Akihiko said. He started heading toward the stairs. “I already
have blood on my hands. I’m not going to lose any sleep over this.”
Akechi followed him furiously, his heart racing. “I have blood–”

“No, you don’t,” Akihiko interrupted. “Not this time.”
“That doesn’t take away the memories,” Akechi said coldly.
“It takes away the damn consequences.”
Everybody followed Akihiko up the stairs in dead silence. Shinjiro wrapped his arm around
Akihiko’s shoulders.
Everyone pretended not to see the tremor in Akihiko’s hands.
“Maybe I should take that,” Minato said to Akechi softly.
Akechi glanced at Minato and glanced at the gun in his hand. He was gripping it so tightly
his fist was shaking. Akechi almost forgot he had it.
“No, you don’t,” Akihiko had said, as though it were that simple.
The blood on Akechi pants had begun to dry.
Yes, he did.
Every one of his social links had a physical object attached to them. Was this gun Takaya’s
“gift”?
Akechi silently handed Minato the gun. Minato carefully put it in their suitcase of
miscellaneous supplies.
Akechi should have been able to kill Takaya.
So why didn’t he?

The top of Tartarus was a large, flat surface with very few embellishments worth noting.
From this height, the moon looked eerily close, as though it was going to crush them at any
minute.
“Look at the sky!” Yukari shouted.
Everybody looked up to see a silhouette growing larger and larger in the light of the full
moon. Fuuka took a step backwards.
“I can sense it even without my persona,” she said. “That’s never happened before.”
“Well, it is really huge,” Shinjiro pointed out.
The winged creature lowered itself in front of the group, holding a giant sword. Although its
face looked more like a mask and his eyes were nothing but empty holes, Akechi was
sickened to recognize Ryoji in its features.

He was not the only one to make this connection.
“Ryoji?” Minato whispered.
“That was my name once,” the creature said. Ryoji’s voice echoed within the harsh tones of
this new being. “I enjoyed it.”
“What’s going on?” Mitsuru asked. “Wait, are you–”
“I am merely the harbinger of the fall,” the Nyx Avatar said. “Although Nyx and I are now
one in the same.”
It seemed that Ryoji had not been able to successfully resist his fate. Akechi tried not to be
sick. Minato’s expression shuttered.
“It doesn’t matter who you are,” Minato said. “We will fight you.”
“I am what man fears most,” Nyx Avatar said. “It is pointless to resist.”
“We know that already,” Ken said. “It doesn’t matter to us.”
“We will protect our lives until the very end!” Aigis cried out. “We cannot lose!”
“Yeah!” Junpei shouted. “We want to live!”
“Very well,” Nyx Avatar said. “If you must fight, then fight with all of the passion in your
hearts. We will see who prevails.”
“It’s getting ready to attack!” Fuuka cried out, spinning around. “And there are shadows
coming from below too!”
“Everyone who isn’t fighting Nyx Avatar keep them at bay!” Minato shouted.
Mitsuru nodded. “We can’t afford to lose!”
Koromaru, Yukari, Junpei, Mitsuru, and Shinjiro positioned themselves in front of the stairs.
Aigis, Akihiko, Akechi, Ken, and Minato faced Nyx Avatar.
Akechi summoned Hereward and blasted Nyx with almighty magic. Instantly, Nyx toppled
back and reached out his hand.
“The moment man devoured the fruit of knowledge, he sealed his fate... Entrusting his future
to the cards, man clings to a dim hope. Yes, the Arcana is the means by which all is
revealed… Attaining one's dream requires a stern will and unfailing determination.”
“Nyx’s arcana has changed!” Fuuka gasped. “Be careful! His properties are different!”
Nyx Avatar attacked them all with a wave of fire. Ken hastened to heal them as Aigis raised
their defense. Minato counterattacked with a barrage of slice attacks. Akechi switched his
persona to a persona that nulled fire.

Nyx Avatar targeted Akechi with Agidyne. Akechi smirked when it didn’t hurt him. “Is that
the best you got?”
They beat down the Nyx Avatar a second time, but it didn’t waver.
“The Arcana is the means by which all is revealed… The silent voice within one's heart
whispers the most profound wisdom.”
“It changed properties again,” Fuuka said. “If you need me to analyze him, just say the
word!”
“Everybody guard!” Minato shouted.
Akechi shifted his center of balance and brought his sword up to protect his face. At that
moment, Nyx Avatar sent a wave of ice over them. Akechi grit his teeth against the cold.
“Damnit,” Akihiko muttered.
“Akihiko, stay on the defensive,” Minato said. “Akechi, cover for him.”
Akechi didn’t have any personas strong against ice, but he could at least pack a punch.
“Hereward!”
Laevateinn almost downed Nyx Avatar in a single blow that time. Nyx Avatar cast bufu onto
Ken. Ken shook it off easily. Minato swooped in with Odin’s thunder roar, which was
enough for Nyx to change arcanas again.
“The Arcana is the means by which all is revealed… Celebrate life's grandeur... its
brilliance... its magnificence…”
“This time it’s the Empress Arcana!” Fuuka said. “He seems to be going in order of the
Powerful shadows we fought together!”
“Noted,” Minato said.
A pattern slowly started to arise. Every time Nyx Avatar changed arcanas, it’d start with an
all attack. Instead of attacking the person weak to the element, Nyx Avatar would target the
person strong to it.
“Don’t you get it?” Akihiko shouted as Nyx used ziodyne on him. “That can’t hurt me!”
“Stop complaining and down it!” Akechi snapped.
Akihiko nodded and rushed forward to punch Nyx Avatar as hard as he could. He didn’t do
much damage. Aigis downed the Avatar with a particularly strong physical attack.
“The Arcana is the means by–”
“Which all is revealed, we get it,” Akechi muttered, out of breath.

“—It is indeed a precious gift to understand the forces that guide oneself.”
“It’ll be Hierophant,” Minato said. “Brace yourselves!”
Everybody was already shifting into a defensive position for the first attack. Nyx Avatar only
cast revolution, highly increasing the chances of getting a critical strike for all parties.
“Okay, everybody focus on physical attacks!” Minato reached into his pocket and pulled out
a soma. A fresh wave of energy washed over Akechi.
Were there twelve Arcana for the Powerful Shadows? They were only on their sixth, and they
had to have been fighting for at least twenty minutes.
“Wait!” Fuuka cried just as Akihiko was about to attack. “He’s strong against strike attacks!”
“Lower his defense, Akihiko,” Minato corrected.
Aigis shot at Nyx with her full power as Akechi summoned Hereward again. Ken and Minato
joined the fray with pierce and slice attacks, beating down Nyx Avatar once again.
“The Arcana is the means by which all is revealed.” Its voice was different this time. Ryoji’s
voice broke through, but it sounded more frustrated than before. Were they breaking through
its defenses? “There is both a joy and wonder in coming to understand each other–” His tone
was immediately overridden by the dispassionate voice. “But you cannot win.”
“That was different!” Ken shouted.
“Focus!” Minato’s voice cracked.
“It’s the Lovers Arcana,” Fuuka said. “Yukari, look out!”
From his peripheral, Akechi could see Yukari narrowly dodging an attack from one of the
shadows she was fighting.
Nyx Avatar cast Holy Arrow on Aigis, who was unfortunately too busy raising everyone’s
defense to block. The charm effect worked on her, and she spun toward Minato with an angry
glare.
Odd. Akechi hadn’t thought status effects like charm could even work on Aigis. But there
was no time to think about it now.
“Yukari, help!” Minato shouted.
Mitsuru rushed to take care of the shadow Yukari was fighting as Yukari turned around and
cast charmandi on Aigis. Aigis instantly snapped out of it, looking alarmed.
“Apologies!” she shouted, turning back toward the Nyx Avatar.
After Lovers came Chariot. After Chariot, Justice. After Justice, Hermit.

Akechi found it fitting that the arcana he associated with Takaya was the one with all the
instant kills. More than once, the homunculi sitting in all their pockets broke, indicating that
the Nyx Avatar should have knocked them out in that moment.
“The Arcana is the means by which all is revealed.” Ryoji’s voice was beginning to break
through again. “Along time exists fate, the bearer of cruelty. But sometimes, it is the
beginning of hope.”
He cast zio on Akihiko, again doing nothing. Akechi attempted to use eigaon again to
conserve some of his energy. The Nyx Avatar didn’t even flinch.
“This is the fortune arcana,” Minato whispered.
“Only use physical attacks!” Fuuka commanded.
“Got it!” Akihiko shouted.
Nyx Avatar cast agi on Akechi, barely scorching him. Akechi responded with more colossal
physical damage from Hereward. Ken hurried to restore Akechi’s health.
“Is it just me, or is he not even trying?” Akihiko asked as they downed him for the tenth time.
The Nyx Avatar changed arcanas once again. “The Arcana is the means by which all is
revealed… only by strength can one endure suffering and torment.”
Strength, then.
The Hanged Man arcana came after Strength. Nyx Avatar’s attacks were getting markedly
weaker. Sometimes, he wasted an opportunity to attack them to instead smile arrogantly.
The Hanged Man was the last of the powerful shadows they fought, but something told
Akechi it couldn’t be this easy. The battle couldn’t nearly be over yet.
“It’s Ryoji,” Minato whispered as they defeated Nyx Avatar for the thirteenth time. “He’s
resisting.”
Nyx Avatar physically stumbled backwards. Small pieces of him started dissolving into the
green moonlight.
“Did we do it?” Ken asked.
“It seems humanity’s infection has reached even Death,” the Nyx Avatar said. Ryoji’s voice
was not at all apparent in his words. “The infection must be removed before Nyx’s arrival.”
As though sliced through the middle by a meat cleaver, the Nyx Avatar split fully in half.
While one half of the Nyx Avatar began to reform itself, seemingly from nothing, the other
half shrunk into a human shaped mass.
“Holy shit,” Akihiko gasped.

“Did you beat it?!” Junpei asked from the other side of the tower.
“Doesn’t look like it,” Shinjiro said.
“Definitely not!” Akechi shouted. Even now, the Nyx Avatar was returning to its full
strength, although its appearance was altered. Its face no longer resembled Ryoji in the
slightest.
Meanwhile, the human mass had become extremely recognizable. Ryoji lay sprawled on the
ground, completely passed out. He wore the same outfit he always did, and his yellow scarf
flew behind him in the wind.
“Ryoji!” Minato shouted.
“We’ll get him!” Mitsuru said. She and Yukari began cutting through the shadows to reach
Ryoji. The others continued to hold the rest of the shadows away from the group fighting
Nyx.
“The moment man devoured the fruit of knowledge, he sealed his fate...” the new Nyx Avatar
said. Its booming voice no longer sounded anything like Ryoji’s. “Entrusting his future to the
cards, man clings to a dim hope. Yet, the Arcana is the means by which all is
revealed...Beyond the beaten path lies the absolute end. It matters not who you are... Death
awaits you.”
“I sense… death!” Fuuka’s voice trembled. “Nyx’s true arcana is death!”
Who would’ve thought.
The Nyx Avatar raised his giant sword. Minato’s eyes widened. “Brace yourselves!”
Everybody hastened to defend themselves. Nyx Avatar’s sword sliced across the entire party,
knocking them all down. The Nyx Avatar didn’t hesitate before casting ziodyne on Aigis,
knocking her down instantly.
Ryoji’s influence was gone. This monster was the real inevitability.
Akechi forced himself to his feet and pulled a patra gem out of his pocket. He threw it toward
Aigis. Ken healed the entire group.
“Thank you,” Aigis gasped as she stood up, her joints still sparking with electricity.
“Does this thing have any weaknesses?” Akechi snapped.
“N-no!” Fuuka said. “And it’s strong against all attacks except almighty!”
Naturally.
Akihiko immediately lowered Nyx’s attack. Nyx countered that by nullifying the stat
reduction.

“Try to distract it!” Minato commanded Akihiko. “Thanatos!”
Thanatos didn’t come. Minato didn’t blink before summoning Odin. What once was a
ridiculous amount of electrical damage seemed to do barely a dent on this new form of Nyx.
Nyx raised his sword and cast megidolaon. Akechi grit his teeth at the fresh wave of pain. He
cast concentrate on himself. He’d show Nyx what a real megidolaon felt like.
“Let me help!” Ryoji shouted. Mitsuru and Yukari had helped Ryoji to his feet. Now, he ran
toward the main group, stumbling as he came.
“Ryoji…” Minato collected himself as Ken healed him again. “No. It’s dangerous–”
“I can summon a persona, watch!”
“Don’t!” Akechi snapped. “You’ll drain all of your energy!”
“But–”
Aigis shook her head. “We cannot take any risks here!”
Aigis got into a defensive position as she removed Jin’s evoker from one of her leg
compartments. Just as Nyx hit her with bufudyne, she threw it at Ryoji. Ryoji caught it with
both hands. Mitsuru unfroze Aigis and buffed the entire team’s attack. Akechi cast
megidolaon on Nyx Avatar.
The massive amount of damage still barely seemed to scratch it.
“Okay,” Ryoji said. “Thanks.”
Ryoji fumblingly brought the evoker to his head and summoned none other than Thanatos.
“I am—was Thanatos!” Ryoji explained to the group.
Thanatos was connected to Ryoji this entire time? Perhaps Minato was only able to summon
it due to his unusual connection to Ryoji, but now that Ryoji was back—
Akechi didn’t have time to question it as Nyx Avatar knocked them all down again. Ryoji got
to his feet and jumped in front of Akihiko. A huge block of ice broke over him.
“We will not yield,” Ryoji gasped, shaking the cold water from his hair.
Akechi pulled a soma from his pocket and used it on the group. His fingers brushed against
Theodore’s invincibility gift. He’d nearly forgotten he had it. Was it time?
No. It wouldn’t do him much good now. He’d live for a few minutes and then die with the
others.
“You cannot avoid death. To live is to die; they are one in the same…”

The Nyx Avatar cast a strange shimmering shield in front of him. Everybody froze at this
new development.
“Don’t attack!” Fuuka shouted. “Focus on support!”
Aigis immediately began ramping up everyone’s defense and attack. Akihiko still lowered
Nyx’s attack, although it instantly used dekunda to nullify the reduction again.
After nearly killing the group with wave after wave of attack, the Nyx Avatar finally let down
its shield. Akechi grinned. Finally, they could continue fighting back.
Little by little, Akechi could tell they weakened the Nyx Avatar. It would only be a little
while longer now.
“Let’s finish this,” the Nyx Avatar said. “This is the path of your choosing.”
Ryoji’s face paled as a blast of almighty sent everyone flying backwards. Panic coursed
through Akechi’s veins. They were going to die. It was helpless. What were they even doing
there–
“Goro!”
Shinjiro tossed an item in Akechi’s direction. Akechi caught it. His panic fled him
immediately.
Akechi internally cursed and jumped to his feet.
“Thanks,” he said, adjusting his grip on his evoker. He glared at the Nyx Avatar. “You’ll
regret that.”
Another charged megidolaon made for an extremely powerful attack. The Nyx Avatar
hunched in on itself.
“Oh my god,” Ryoji said. “You’re actually doing it.”
“Was there any doubt?” Akihiko asked.
It was a rhetorical question. Akechi was grateful that Ryoji didn’t answer. Especially when
there was still fighting to do.
“Let’s finish this!” Minato shouted. He grabbed Ryoji by the wrist. Together, they summoned
their personas and knocked Nyx out with two separate almighty attacks.
The Nyx Avatar slumped to the ground. The shadows pouring out of the Tartarus thinned out,
and Shinjiro killed the last of them with one sweep of his axe. A stunned silence fell over the
group.
“Is it dead?” Junpei asked.
Ryoji’s expression was grim. “No. It’s not.”

As if on cue, the Nyx Avatar floated back up into the sky. It hovered over all of them, and
Akechi’s chest tightened. Was it going to kill them all in one fell swoop?
“Such a pity... You understand fate, yet you still fight against it with all of your will... If more
people were like you, then perhaps the Fall could have been prevented... but it's too late
now.”
The Nyx Avatar continued to fly up into the air. The moon got steadily closer to them, and its
stone surface broke open to reveal a massive red eye. The Nyx Avatar sent a strange beam up
into the iris.
“The moon!” Fuuka gasped.
“Soon it will descend… upon us all…” Aigis said.
“After all this–” Akechi gasped. “--I’m going to be killed by the moon?”
The idea was absurd.
Chaos erupted in the city below. Akechi could hear distant screams and shouting. Had
everyone been released from their coffins? Could they see the Dark Hour?
Was Emiko alright?
“What are we going to do?!” Yukari cried.
Fuuka sucked in a breath. “Something’s coming.”
The beam sent a wave of power toward them. An intense force pushed them downwards,
causing Akechi’s teeth to rattle together. It was everything Akechi could do to stay standing
as the gravity got increasingly heavier.
“What is this?” Ken asked.
“Resist–” Shinjiro broke into coughs and fell to his knees. He forced his head upright. “This
is nothing.”
“It is pointless to resist,” the Nyx Avatar said.
“This is what I meant,” Ryoji said, his voice strained. Minato still held tightly to his hand.
“This is the suffering–”
“We haven’t lost yet,” Mitsuru interrupted.
“I… will never give up,” Aigis said.
Both Aigis and Mitsuru collapsed to the ground. Everyone soon followed. Even Akechi, with
his fiercest stubbornness, felt his knees buckle and hit the ground jarringly. He tried to catch
his fall, but the gravity caused him to lie almost completely flat on his stomach.

The stone floor of Tartarus scraped against Akechi’s chin as he forced himself to look up.
Minato and Ryoji were the only ones left standing.
And they both began floating toward Nyx.
“Where the hell are you two going?!” Akihiko shouted.
“Don’t go!” Ken cried.
Their cries did nothing. Minato and Ryoji disappeared into Nyx’s iris.
Akechi glared at Nyx. He wasn’t going to stop them from doing whatever they needed to do.
They’d better rip Nyx apart from the inside.

Ai was pretty sure the world was ending.
The sky had gone this disgusting green color, and the moon was turning into a giant eye. Not
to mention that there was some creepy tower in the distance and doomsayers crying out that
the end had come.
Who knew that the cult actually knew what they were talking about?
Ai left her room and went to Emiko’s bedroom. If the world really was coming to an end, she
should spend her last moments with her sister.
Ai expected Emiko to be crying in the corner of her bedroom. She was big on crying. She
cried when the cat died; she cried when their father snapped; she cried when Ai gave her a
gift, for crying out loud. The end of the world was definitely a reason to cry.
But Emiko wasn’t crying. She was staring out her window with wide, serious eyes. Her
mouth was set in a tight line.
“Emiko?” Ai asked, unsure by her sister’s reaction.
“Girls!” Their father rushed into the room, his face frantic with worry.
Emiko glanced toward their father. “Do you think they’re going to win?”
Ai frowned. “What are you talking about?”
“My friends,” Emiko said. She pointed out the window toward that freaky tower. “They’re
fighting. I know it.”
“Your friends… are fighting?” Their father rested a hand on Emiko’s shoulder. “What are you
talking about?”
Did this have anything to do with that creepy elementary schooler that had lectured Ai on the
importance of family?

Emiko nodded. “They fought to protect me. And now they’re fighting to protect everyone
else. Do you think they’ll win?”
Ai had no idea what was going on anymore. Maybe it wasn’t a stretch to assume that
elementary schoolers were now fighting the end of the world. Even though it sounded
absolutely ridiculous.
Besides, if this is what Emiko was doing to comfort herself, Ai wasn’t going to stop her. It
was better than crying. Ai never knew how to deal with crying.
“Are your friends strong?” Ai asked.
Emiko nodded, her eyes shining with admiration.
“Then, sure. I bet they’ll win. When we wake up, this will all be just like a bad dream.”
Emiko’s eyes welled with tears. Crap. “I hope so,” she whispered.
Ai awkwardly wrapped an arm around Emiko’s shoulders. Emiko leaned into her side. It was
actually pretty comforting, even if Emiko was silently crying next to her. Their father
wrapped his arms around them both, as if that would protect either of them from what was
going on outside.
Maybe handling a crying sister wasn’t that hard. When the world was ending, at least.
Because, oddly enough, Ai felt a little bit like crying too.

From the inside, Nyx looked like a glowing egg connected by millions of neurons. It pulsated
as it released Death upon Ryoji and Minato. Ryoji’s entire body tensed, and he clung all the
tighter to Minato’s hand.
They didn’t die. Ryoji felt the life in his body wane, but they weren’t dead. Not yet.
“Minato,” Ryoji whispered. “What’s happening?”
“We’re ending this,” Minato said, a determination in his eyes that Ryoji had never seen
before.
Ryoji could hear the voices of the others echoing in his soul. Begging Minato to win. Lending
them their strength. Little by little, Ryoji felt less weak.
Nyx attempted to cast death on them again. It missed.
“You’d better win,” Goro’s voice echoed in the room. “Or I’ll kill you.”
Ryoji almost snorted. Goro always had a way with words.
Chidori’s voice suddenly pierced through the others’ encouragements.

“Save him. Save everyone.”
The pain of grief burst inside of Ryoji. Minato gave his hand a squeeze.
“Are you ready?”
Ryoji felt it too. Some strange otherworldly power coming from within Minato, like a million
suns of hope and trust that pulsed in Minato’s soul. Ryoji had no idea where Minato had
come to such an ability, but he was more than happy to assist Minato in his burden.
“Always.”
Minato smiled, and Ryoji tightened his grip on Minato’s hand.
Minato cast Great Seal. Ryoji felt all his power burn within him. A bright light pierced the
room, and—

“Where are we?” Yukari asked.
Stars dotted the void surrounding them. If Akechi didn’t know better, he would say they were
suspended in space.
“Are we dead?” Ken asked.
“Somehow, I don’t think so,” Shinjiro said. He coughed, and Ken grimaced.
“Did Nyx create this place?” Mitsuru asked. “Or did Minato?”
“Where are they?” Akechi snapped, turning to Fuuka. “Where are those two?”
“There was this bright light, but I don’t sense them,” Fuuka said. Her voice shook.
“No,” Junpei said. “Not… but that’s not fair! We only just got Ryoji back!”
“We knew that we were putting our lives on the line,” Mitsuru said, although she didn’t
sound remotely convinced.
“This was exactly what I wanted to prevent,” Aigis whispered.
They had to be alive. There was no way they were dead. Akechi refused to believe it. If he
believed it for even one moment, he would have to kill Takaya and Ikutsuki all over again,
and that wasn’t possible.
“You’re here, aren’t you?!” Yukari shouted. “I refuse to believe that you’re gone! Answer
me!”
“You don’t seriously think we’d give up on you that easily, do you?!” Akechi shouted,
digging his nails into his palms. “Show your damn faces already!”

“Please!” Aigis begged.
“It’s alright,” Minato said. His voice echoed above them. Akechi let out a gasping breath that
sounded almost like a sob.
“Nyx will sleep now,” Ryoji’s voice said. “Normal days will return for you…”
“For us,” Minato corrected.
“What happened?” Akihiko asked. “Where are you?”
“The Dark Hour will vanish from this world,” Ryoji said. “All will be relinquished from its
dominion, and life will continue. You really did it.” Ryoji’s voice cracked. “You won.”
“Of course, we did!” A small grin appeared on Junpei’s face. “We always win!”
Koromaru barked affirmatively.

They stood in front of the school as Tartarus disintegrated. The Dark Hour was gone, and the
deep blue night sky was filled with stars.
Akechi barely felt the cold as he got to his feet. They did it. He wasn’t dead. This chapter of
his life could finally be over.
Minato and Ryoji stood in front of them, smiling and alive. Aigis broke down crying.
Nobody noticed the single tear of sheer relief that rolled down Goro’s face. He preferred to
keep it that way.

Chapter End Notes

A few orders of business:
1) if you haven't done the social link poll yet, there's still time. It's linked in the end
notes of the previous chapter.
2) More beautiful fanart! Please go support the artist!
3) fairywrenss made a TV Tropes page! Feel free to check it out!
4) finally, non-persona 3 players, if you're vaguely confused about what the hecky
Minato did, it gets explained in plainer terms in the next chapter. But you might benefit
from watching the boss fight on youtube anyway, for funsies.
Also fun fact it took me like an hour and a half to do the Nyx fight when I played p3p.

Chapter 42: February 1–June 2, 2010
Chapter Summary

This is a very long chapter

Chapter Notes

tw: injury, ptsd, self-loathing, referenced death, nightmares, grief, arson, character
development

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Yukari was right. The following morning, their memories of the Dark Hour disappeared
along with its destruction.
Fortunately, it hadn’t taken long for Akechi to recover his memories. Waking up in a high
school dormitory still holding the memories of the Phantom Thieves and his time with Shido
did wonders for connecting the dots.
Unfortunately, after the puzzle pieces slotted into place, everything became much more
surreal.
Nobody remembered. They barely even remembered each other, much less what happened
during the Dark Hour. Shinjiro and Akihiko kept to themselves. Yukari, Junpei, and Minato
were their own little posse in the dorms. Mitsuru barely interacted with anyone.
Akechi and Ken were still friends. But their friendship wasn’t the same. It felt fake. It was
like Maruki had picked Akechi up and placed him into his idea of a happy reality. Except
Akechi wasn’t happy.
It was unnerving to see everyone so calm and relaxed. To not have death hanging over their
heads. Maybe it should have been a good thing. Akechi hated it.
“Hey, Goro-kun,” Ken said as they walked to school. “Do you want to go to the arcade with
me this afternoon?”
Akechi smiled pleasantly. “I’m sorry, Ken-kun. I’m afraid I have other plans for this
afternoon.”
“Yeah?” Ken asked. “That’s too bad.”

He didn’t remark on Akechi’s fake smile. Did he even notice?
“Are you alright, Goro-kun?” Emiko asked when she joined the two.
Goro faltered. Emiko remained unchanged by the whole affair, but he hadn’t realized that she
would notice the discrepancies as well.
Akechi forced himself to smile anyway. “I’m fine, Emiko-chan.”
“Emiko-chan, do you want to go to the arcade with me?” Ken asked Emiko.
Emiko narrowed her eyes. “You’re both acting weird…” she said. “Are you sure nothing’s
wrong?”
Ken looked genuinely surprised by the answer. Akechi turned his face away so Emiko
wouldn’t see the lie in his eyes.
“Nothing at all,” he said.
Akechi’s “plans” for the afternoon involved wandering aimlessly around the city and trying
not to feel nauseous. The group promised each other to remember, but graduation was only a
few weeks away. The only ones who showed any sign of recollecting were Minato and Aigis.
Come to think of it, had Aigis even forgotten at all? She mostly kept to herself in the
dormitories, but she eyed everyone with such a tentative expression that maybe she did
remember.
Akechi needed to speak to her.
“You’re looking awfully lonely,” Tsuyoshi said, appearing seemingly out of nowhere and
walking alongside Akechi. Akechi quickened his pace.
“I’m not in the mood for this,” he said.
“Aw, why not?”
“Just leave me–”
Tsuyoshi grabbed Akechi’s wrist so tightly that hot pain raced up Akechi’s arm. Akechi
attempted to twist Tsuyoshi’s arm back to break it, but Tsuyoshi didn’t budge. When Akechi
moved to knee Tsuyoshi in the groin, Tsuyoshi slammed Akechi against the wall.
Stars flooded Akechi’s vision as he tried to find his breath.
“Who the hell–” Akechi gasped. “--are you? What are you?”
“I bet you feel really proud of yourself,” Tsuyoshi hissed. Akechi felt spittle land on his
cheek. “You saved the world. Hell, you even saved a couple of lives along the way. Don’t you
just feel clever?”

Akechi clawed Tsuyoshi in the face. Tsuyoshi didn’t even move.
“Well, newsflash,” Tsuyoshi said. “This is nothing. Nothing. Compared to the hell you’ll be
facing. I hope you’re ready for it.”
Tsuyoshi let go of Akechi, but Akechi grabbed onto his jacket. “What are you?” Akechi
asked again.
A small smirk played on Tsuyoshi’s lips. “Let’s just say that your buddy Takaya looked mild
in comparison.”
Tsuyoshi walked away and faded into the crowd. Akechi stared at his bruised wrist.
Why couldn’t it ever be over?
Fool Arcana: Rank 6

“Akechi-kun!” Aigis exclaimed when Akechi returned to the dorms. She frowned. “What
happened to your wrist?”
“I was mugged,” Akechi said.
“Let me help you with it,” Aigis said.
Akechi sat down at the dining room table and let Aigis rummage through the kitchen drawers
for first aid supplies. She returned with a few ice packs and an elastic bandage.
“First, you must reduce the swelling with ice,” she said. She handed Akechi the ice pack, and
Akechi pressed it against his injury.
“This isn’t the first time I’ve hurt myself, you know,” Akechi said.
“Yes, well, real world first aid is harder than with…” Aigis trailed off. She looked away.
“Personas?” Akechi asked, barely keeping the hope out of his voice.
Aigis’ eyes lit up; Akechi had never seen her expression so joyful. “You remember?” she
asked.
“It would be hard not to,” Akechi said. He pretended that he wasn’t also relieved to have
someone who remembered the truth.
Aigis started spending more time with Akechi after that. Akechi didn’t stop her.

“Hi, Goro-kun!” Ryoji told Akechi cheerfully when he came by the dorms with Minato.
“How have you been?”

“Peachy,” Akechi said.
“What happened to your wrist?” Ryoji asked, his eyes landing on Akechi’s bandaged hand.
“Ignore it.” Akechi smiled pleasantly. “Have you been doing well?”
“Yeah.” Ryoji rubbed the back of his neck and laughed sheepishly. “Sorry for the false alarm
about me moving again. My parents let me come back to Japan. Nice, huh?”
Minato wore an unreadable expression. Surely Minato remembered? Not only was he a wild
card, but he and Ryoji had literally stopped Nyx from killing them all.
“I especially liked the part where you came just in time for the world to end,” Akechi said.
Ryoji’s eyes widened. Akechi’s heart dropped. Had he miscalculated?
But a wide smile spread across Ryoji’s face. “Yeah,” he said. “I really liked that part too.”

Minato and Ryoji were always tired.
Akechi began spending more time with Aigis, Minato, and Ryoji. It assured him he hadn’t
simply imagined the past ten months. However, it was growing more and more painfully
obvious that all was not well.
Immediately after school, Minato would take a nap on the sofa. Sometimes he went straight
to his bedroom and slept for the entire rest of the day. Once, when the four of them tried to go
out for dinner, Ryoji fell asleep and faceplanted into his beef bowl.
“Sorry,” Ryoji had said, yawning and brushing bits of rice out of his hair. “I didn’t get a lot of
sleep last night.”
“Well, I know for a fact Minato did, and he’s falling asleep on top of Aigis even as we
speak,” Akechi snapped. “What the hell is going on?”
“It’s nothing,” Minato murmured.
“Don’t give me that bullshit,” Akechi said. “Why are both of you hibernating all of a
sudden?”
“Because we’re mammals, and it’s winter,” Ryoji said eagerly. “You’re behind the times,
Goro.”
“Ha ha.”
“Your energy levels are unusually low,” Aigis said. “Does it have anything to do with you
sealing Nyx away?”
Ryoji’s expression grew somber. “Maybe.”

“We’re fine,” Minato said, pushing himself from Aigis’ shoulder. “We’re just recuperating.”
“Promise me you will be alright,” Aigis told Minato.
Minato nodded. “I promise.”

The Velvet Room door was gone. Akechi knew this because when he actively went searching
for it, he couldn’t find it anywhere.
“Thanks a lot,” Akechi muttered to the back alley of Paulownia Mall. He had just dragged
Minato half-way across the city for Elizabeth to give her verdict, and Elizabeth wasn’t even
available anymore.
“My contract was fulfilled,” Minato said helpfully. “I’m the Universe, or something.”
“I don’t care what you are,” Akechi snapped. “He never told me that my contract was
fulfilled.”
“Well, the world isn’t ending anymore,” Minato said with a shrug.
Akechi wanted to tear his hair out.

They took Minato and Ryoji to a doctor, just to be safe. The doctors couldn’t find anything
wrong with them.
“They’re perfectly healthy physically,” they said. “Just make sure they’re exercising and
eating good foods. Maybe consider a psychologist. It could be a symptom of depression.”
“I don’t have depression,” Minato said as they walked back to the dorms. A statement Goro
was too tired to contest.
“I’m perfectly healthy physically,” Ryoji said with awe in his voice. “Does that mean I’m not
a shadow anymore?”
“I don’t know,” Akechi asked. “Do you feel hungry?”
“All the time.”
“Then, I’m going to say that you’re human. But maybe you’re some sort of cross between.”
“Wow,” Ryoji said. “Weird.”

On the day of graduation, Minato was sleeping in. If Minato was sleeping in, it was fairly
safe to assume that Ryoji was also sleeping in.

“It would be a shame if they were late to their own reunion,” Akechi remarked. “Assuming
the others manage to remember.”
“We will remind them, if we must,” Aigis said. “I will wake up Minato. Can you wake up
Ryoji?”
Akechi would argue that Aigis had the easier job. Minato was in the very same building as
them. On that note, Minato was a far deeper sleeper than Ryoji was. Ryoji would wake up at
the sound of the doorbell. Minato would struggle to wake up for Armageddon.
“Good luck,” Akechi said as he left the dorms.
Akechi arrived at Ryoji’s apartment and rang the doorbell. He only had to wait a few minutes
for Ryoji to open the door for him.
“Goro-kun!” Ryoji said. “What can I do for you today?”
“Do you go to school anymore?” Akechi asked.
Ryoji frowned. “What do you mean? It’s still early in the morning, isn’t it?”
“If you call nine a.m. early in the morning,” Akechi said. “The only reason I’m missing
school is because I have places to be. You just slept in.”
“Well, maybe,” Ryoji said. “It’s hard, you know. This seal thing. It’s a really good thing I was
there.”
“What do you mean?” Akechi asked sharply.
“Minato and I are sharing the burden of sealing away Nyx,” Ryoji said. “That’s why we’re so
tired all the time, although it should wear off eventually. But if Minato had done it by
himself, it would have drained his life force entirely.”
Akechi shouldn’t have been surprised. Minato acted like he was doomed to die in the days
preceding their battle with Nyx. Still, the realization was… unsettling. The thought of Minato
dying just after they thought they won made Akechi feel sick.
“But you both aren’t going to die, are you?” Akechi asked.
Ryoji shook his head. “I think we’ll be fine.” He gave Akechi an encouraging smile. “So, um,
you said you had somewhere to be?”
“Yes,” Akechi said shortly. “You weren’t there, but right before we fought Nyx, we promised
each other to meet on top of the school roof on graduation day. Can you guess what day it
is?”
Ryoji’s eyes widened. “Oh, crap. Minato mentioned that, and I completely forgot. I was
having a really great dream, you see–”
“Save it,” Akechi snapped. “Let’s go so we’re less late than we already are.”

“You’re so practical,” Ryoji pouted.
“I hate being late,” Akechi said. “Sue me.”

They were late. They were so late, in fact, that by the time they had gotten to the high school,
students were already gossiping.
“Ryoji-kun!” one of the girls exclaimed, rushing up to him. “I didn’t see you at graduation!”
“I accidentally slept in,” Ryoji said. He raised his hand with an embarrassed smile. “Nothing
to be worried about.”
“You missed it, then,” the girl said. “Kirijo-senpai totally jumped off the stage in the middle
of her speech. She and a bunch of other students ran off.”
“Wow, she did that, huh?” Ryoji asked.
“Maybe she got anxious,” another student said. “I know I would be scared to speak in front
of so many people.”
“Yeah, but this is Kirijo-senpai we’re talking about!” The first girl shook her head. “She
never gets flustered. Don’t you remember her speech at the beginning of the year?”
“Yeah, but her father died–”
Akechi dragged Ryoji away before he lost his temper.
“You’re going to have to help me here,” Akechi said as they started climbing up the staircase
in the middle of the lobby. “It’s been months since I’ve even stepped foot in this building.
How do we get to the roof?”
“Don’t worry,” Ryoji said. “I’m on it.”
Ryoji found the flight of stairs leading to the roof rather easily. The others were all gathered
around one of the tables. Ken and Koromaru were somehow there too. Maybe Aigis had told
them preemptively.
Minato was lying on one of the benches, presumably still sleeping. His head rested in Aigis’
lap.
“Is he okay?” Ryoji asked, jogging up to the others.
“Weren’t you the one who said he should be fine?” Akechi snapped.
“He is merely asleep,” Aigis said. “There is no need to worry.”
“I wasn’t worried,” Ryoji lied. “I was just checking.”
“Right,” Akihiko said.

Junpei’s eyes lit up. “Ryoji!” He tackled Ryoji in a hug. Ryoji stumbled backwards.
“What’s brought this on?” he asked, laughing.
“What else?” Junpei asked. “Sure, I might have seen you for the past month, but I couldn’t
appreciate it then. Now, I can actually celebrate your not-being-death-ness.”
“Eloquently said,” Mitsuru said, a teasing smile on her face.
“We can’t all be student council presidents,” Junpei sighed.
“Should we… wake him up eventually?” Ken asked, frowning at Minato. “Why is he
sleeping so much anyway?”
Ryoji explained the same thing he had told Akechi. Aigis’ expression turned to a cold glare.
“Why did you not mention this earlier?” she asked. “Goro-kun and I took you both to the
doctors out of fear for your health.”
“You remembered?” Akihiko asked Akechi.
Akechi nodded. He was mostly surprised that he didn’t think to ask the same question Aigis
was asking. Was he really so distracted by their reunion?
“We were a little nervous,” Ryoji admitted, “that we were both going to die. We didn’t want
to burden you with the truth.”
“You would have rathered you both die without any explanation?” Akechi asked. Judging
from Aigis’ face, she was thinking much the same thing.
Ryoji’s grimaced. “Yeah, I guess I deserve that,” he said. “I don't know what we were
thinking.”
Finally, Minato sat up. He opened his eyes, and his face brightened when he saw the rest of
the team gathered around him.
“Hi everyone.”
“Oh, you’re awake!” Fuuka said.
“Good to see you’re not dead,” Shinjiro added dryly. Koromaru barked in agreement.
Minato frowned. “Of course I’m not…” His eyes landed on Ryoji’s guilty expression. “You
told them?”
“Well, if you were going to die, now would probably be the time,” Ryoji said. “Besides, I feel
way less tired today. That’s a good sign, right?”
Minato didn’t look so sure. “Right.”
“Well enough of this sad talk,” Junpei said. “Let’s all go out to celebrate! It’ll be on me.”

Minato jumped to his feet with more energy than Akechi had seen him exercise for weeks. A
small part of Akechi wondered if Minato had really been sleeping partly to avoid the pain of
having friends who didn’t remember.
Well, Akechi thought as the others started talking about their celebration plans, maybe he
understood why.

“I won the bet,” Junpei told him as the group walked home from dinner later that evening.
“What are you talking about?” Akechi asked.
“I won the bet,” Junpei said again. “Don’t tell me that you remembered everything except our
bet.”
A small smirk grew on Akechi’s face. “I’m sure I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
“Come on, man!” Junpei groaned. “The bet! The deal we made? You promised that you
wouldn’t mention being kicked out for three weeks after we defeated Nyx. And if nobody
mentioned it, you owe me five dinners.”
“Why would I agree to such a ridiculous deal?”
“What, do you need to sign bets on paper to make them official, is that your problem now?”
Junpei looked extremely offended. “You owe me five dinners. You owe me.”
“Don’t get yourself so worked up,” Akechi said. “I remember the bet.”
Junpei’s puffed up energy deflated right before Akechi’s eyes. “So all that about not
remembering the bet…”
“A joke. You’ve heard of those, haven't you?”
“Ha ha.” Junpei sighed and stuck his hands into his pockets. “You’re the worst.”
“On that note,” Akechi said. “I don’t ever recall losing this bet.”
“Are you kidding?” Junpei asked. “You mean to tell me that Minato and Aigis told you to
pack your bags over the course of this month?”
“Of course they didn’t.”
“Then, what’s the big deal here? I’ve won fair and square.”
“I’d hardly call it fair and square when over half of the group had no memory of what
happened.”
“Nope, nope, the bet did not say that everyone had to remember,” Junpei said. “Three people
remembered–”

“Those three were far more concerned that you all would continue on forgetting than what to
do with me,” Akechi snapped.
Junpei’s expression fell. “Well, I guess that’s fair,” he said. “But! They clearly trust you if
they let you hang around. So I still think I win.”
Akechi sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. “I see that you are incapable of reason.”
“Yes!” Junpei pumped his fists into the air. “Five super epic dinners, here I come!”
Akechi wondered if he would be able to get away with taking Junpei to a restaurant he hated.
Temperance Arcana: Rank 7

“I found this in my father’s study,” Mitsuru said. “I thought you might like it.”
Confusion was the primary emotion going on in Akechi’s head as Mitsuru placed a small,
leather-bound notebook in his hands. Akechi gave her a quizzical expression.
“I’m afraid I don’t understand,” he said.
“Open it.”
Akechi raised his eyebrows as he flipped open the journal. Most of the pages were blank.
Clearly, the journal had been a new purchase. On the first ten or so pages, however, there was
a list of reminders: speak to this person, review this information, check in with Ikutsuki, etc.
Some of them were crossed through.
A few stood out starkly among the rest.
Call Akechi
And a few pages later, on the final page:
Ask about Rematch with Akechi
Attend Mitsuru’s party
“I wasn’t sure what the rematch meant,” Mitsuru admitted. “You aren’t Junpei. You don’t
typically challenge people to rematches.”
“No,” Akechi said slowly. “I don’t.”
Akechi had only played pool with Takeharu once. Had it really been so memorable that
Takeharu wanted to ask about it? Surely, Akechi was missing something. Akechi hadn’t tried
to make an impression. He hadn’t played any of his political games. So why did Takeharu
care about playing a measly game?

Maybe he wanted to test Akechi’s abilities. Maybe he was the one playing games. Perhaps he
wanted to gain Akechi’s trust. But for what purpose? Takeharu sacrificed his life for all of
them.
If Takeharu were still alive, Akechi would have asked him. He would have demanded to
know why he even remembered that inconsequential game.
But Takeharu wasn’t alive. Mitsuru, the only person who might have been able to guess at the
truth, had no idea what it had even meant, much less what Takeharu had meant by it.
“Do you… know what it meant?” Mitsuru asked.
Akechi flipped through the journal, hoping to find some sort of note that would answer all his
questions. But Takeharu hadn’t predicted his death. He hadn’t seen it coming. There was no
note, no envelope sitting in Akechi’s desk, waiting for the day it would be opened.
Just blank pages.
“I played a game of pool with him,” Akechi said dispassionately. “He won and suggested that
we play again some other time. I didn’t think anything of it.”
“When was this?” Mitsuru asked.
“When I almost drowned in the ocean and you sent him to check on me.” A bout of irritation
itched at Akechi. He grit his teeth. “You were worried.”
“I was,” Mitsuru said. “I hadn’t expected him to come personally.”
“He said he always attended to your needs personally,” Akechi said. That particular detail
stuck with him because it had been so absurd. But after seeing Takeharu die when he could
have stayed in the safety of the dorm, Akechi wondered if such a claim had really been so
absurd at all.
Mitsuru’s eyes welled up with tears, and she covered her mouth with her hand. “I’m sorry,”
she said, her voice strained. “Just… give me a moment.”
Akechi continued to inspect the notebook as Mitsuru attempted to pull herself together. His
grip on the cover tightened, and he fought the urge to fling it across the lounge. Was this
really all Takeharu had left? Just an empty office with a quarter-filled notebook?
The injustice of it all made Akechi’s blood curdle.
“I think I’m alright now,” Mitsuru said after another moment. Her voice still hitched as she
spoke, which did not comfort Akechi in the slightest. “I apologize for my lack of
composure.”
“What do you expect me to do?” Akechi asked. “Yell at you for grieving?”
“Well, no.” Mitsuru arched her back. “But I have decided to run the company on my own. If
people are to respect me, I must not show weakness.”

Oh good. Mitsuru had given up on whatever arranged marriage crap she had mentioned a few
months ago.
A part of Akechi wanted to tell Mitsuru that she was wrong. That she shouldn’t give a damn
about what others thought of her. She should be allowed to cry for a person she lost.
Akechi wondered where the hell that part of him had even come from. The thought wouldn’t
have even crossed his mind ten months ago. Besides, Mitsuru was right. If she wanted to stay
in control, she couldn’t show weakness. Especially as a woman.
“I’m not one of your powerful shareholders,” Akechi said. “I’m–” Akechi hesitated. “I
consider you a friend.”
A warm smile spread across Mitsuru’s face as a single tear rolled down her cheek. “And I
you.”
Akechi held the book out to Mitsuru. “You should have this back,” he said.
“No.” Mitsuru shook her head. “You were clearly important to my father. You should have
something to remember him by as well, even if it is just a notebook. Consider it… consider it
a token of my appreciation.”
“Your appreciation?”
“We might have been fooled by Ikutsuki–” MItsuru’s voice shook. “—but you taught me to
think critically about who I trust. I’m sure it will be a vital skill in the years to come.”
“I’m sure you could have figured it out for yourself,” Akechi said.
“Yes,” Mitsuru said. “But hopefully I will be spared from a myriad of mistakes thanks to your
cautious nature.”
“You can say paranoia.”
“You were wary of Ikutsuki.” Mitsuru looked away bitterly. “And it was well justified in the
end.”
“I was wary of your father too.” Akechi put the notebook in his pocket. “And I was proven
wrong.”
“That’s the thing about trust,” Mitsuru agreed. “It is earned. It takes a critical eye to know
what is an act and what is genuine. I…” Mitsuru took a deep breath. “...Ikutsuki helped me
with SEES for many years. My faith in him from middle school made me ignorant to any
misgivings I might have had.”
“You can hardly be blamed.”
“Neither can you.”
Akechi wasn’t sure he believed that. “I will try to live up to the faith you’ve placed in me.”

Mitsuru shook her head. “You already have. You’ve done more than enough for us, Goro. If
there’s anything you need, please don’t be afraid to ask.”

Thou art I… and I am thou
The connection that you have nurtured has been transformed

Thy bond shall be the compass of redemption
and break the yoke of thy heart

The power of the Empress Arcana has been set free
Granting thee ultimate power

Akechi wasn’t sure he believed that either. Nevertheless, he smiled and bowed.
“Thank you,” he said. “I should be going now. Our new math teacher assigns much more
homework.”
Mitsuru nodded. Akechi made a tactical retreat.

“Man, I do love ramen,” Junpei said as he slurped up a bowl of noodles at Hagakure.
“You love it so much that it’s the only thing you eat,” Akechi observed.
“Hey, that’s not true,” Junpei said. “I eat ice cream too. Ramen and ice cream are two of the
main food groups, you know.”
“No, they aren’t, actually,” Akechi said.
“Yeah, well, they should be.” Junpei sighed. “I mean, we’re alive, aren’t we? We deserve to
fill our body with junk.”
“Yes, and then you can die due to said junk,” Akechi said cheerfully.
Junpei shrugged. “It’s delicious. At least I’ll die happy.”
Akechi couldn’t exactly begrudge Junpei his moment of celebration. After all, he had only
recently realized that they successfully saved the world. Akechi would have also been

extremely relieved that Nyx wasn’t going to kill them all if not for the fact that nobody
remembered him.
“Hey, Akechi-kun–” Junpei said.
“Goro,” Akechi said.
“What?”
Akechi rolled his eyes. “Half of the group is calling me Goro already,” he said. “And you’ve
earned my respect.”
Junpei’s jaw dropped. Akechi regretted everything he said immediately.
“You respect me?” he asked, his voice hushed.
“Don’t get too worked up over it,” Akechi said. “What were you saying?”
“Oh, um.” Junpei collected himself. “Well, it occurred to me that in a few years, all of us will
have moved out of the dorms. And then, I realized that you and Ken would be all alone. What
are you going to do?”
Akechi shrugged. “Move into the Elementary or Middle School dorms, I suppose,” he said.
“You’re extremely confident that Mitsuru isn’t going to send me back to the system, and I’m
more inclined to believe you.”
“You are?” Junpei’s eyes lit up.
“Yes,” Akechi said shortly. His conversation with Mitsuru from a few days prior was enough
to solidify that fact. “Could you stop repeating everything I say?”
“Sorry,” Junpei said. “You just keep surprising me, that’s all.”
“I hope that in your musings you realized that Mitsuru, Akihiko, and likely even Shinjiro are
going to be leaving the dorms very soon as well. They have their own lives to pursue.
Especially Mitsuru. I believe she and Akihiko are both planning on going to college.”
“Huh, I guess you’re right,” Junpei said. “Man, I hate it when people get older.”
“Nothing’s stopping you from visiting them,” Akechi muttered.
“Yeah, but the dorms won’t be the same,” Junpei said. “I mean, who’s going to boss us
around without those two?”
“You want to be bossed around?”
“Well, maybe not.” Junpei chuckled. “It’s funny. I would have been thrilled to have the
opportunity to be in charge of the dorms a few months ago.”
“It’s almost like you got older too.”

Junpei whipped off his hat with a mock expression of fear. “Quick, do you see any gray
hairs?”
“Your hair is cut so short that nobody would notice them.”
“Rude. At least I don’t look like I never get a haircut.”
Akechi raised his eyebrows. His hair barely made it past his ears. “If I never got a haircut, it
would be half-way down my back.”
“Then, you’d be able to braid it,” Junpei mused. “That might be a pretty cool look, actually.”
Akechi frowned. He had never considered growing his hair out. It felt like too much of a
hassle. Back when he wanted to maintain a perfect public image, his hair was bad enough to
style with its current length. Now, Akechi didn’t want to have to comb more than half a foot
of hair every day. As it currently was, Akechi’s hair was actually a few inches shorter than it
had been when he was in high school.
“I’ll think about it,” he said.
“Sweet,” Junpei hummed as he slurped more ramen. “Actually, come to think of it, I think
Mitsuru mentioned making some sort of shadow operatives team. To watch out for more
metaverse anomalies and clean up the mess her grandfather left behind. She probably wants
to stop a lot of the stuff that happened in your life from happening again.”
“I wish her luck,” Akechi said. He highly doubted that she would even be allowed to access
the metaverse when the time came. Akechi would have to be vigilant.
“I was thinking of joining,” Junpei said. “I mean, this is all talk, obviously. Mitsuru has a lot
of other stuff to deal with. What about you?”
“I have nothing better to do,” Akechi said. He frowned. “I wonder why she didn’t mention it
to me.”
“Oh.” Junpei grimaced. “She probably didn’t want you and Ken getting involved with that
stuff again. You guys are kind of young. But you were probably going to find out anyway. No
harm in telling you ahead of time.”
Akechi bristled in irritation. He was hardly a child.
But, at the same time, Akechi could understand Mitsuru’s concern. He appreciated that she
wasn’t going to be like Ikutsuki and recklessly endanger any child’s life.
Junpei continued to slurp his noodles.
Temperance Arcana: Rank 8

“Hey, Goro-kun,” Ryoji said in greeting one afternoon at the dorms. He had perked up greatly
since graduation. He and Minato had stopped taking naps in the middle of conversations, at
least.
“Hello, Ryoji,” Akechi said. “Have you been enjoying the spring weather?”
“Oh, yeah,” Ryoji said with a nod. “It’s been great. I might even have to shed this scarf
soon.” He fingered it with a fond expression. “It might sound odd, but I actually feel pretty
attached to this thing.”
“Why’s that?”
“Well, it came with me,” Ryoji said. He snorted. “I know that sounds ridiculous. Let me try
again. It’s almost like… a gift that Nyx decided to give me.”
Akechi frowned. “I thought we hated Nyx.”
“Nyx isn’t a truly malevolent force,” Ryoji said. “She is merely death. She comes when she
believes humanity wishes it. Of course, she isn’t someone to worship or celebrate either.”
Ryoji chuckled bleakly.
“I’m sensing a but coming on,” Akechi said, keeping his voice nonjudgmental.
“Well, remember that stuff about my parents letting me have more freedom?” Ryoji asked. “It
was my cover story for being here, even though I didn’t know it at the time.”
“I did think it was odd even then.”
Ryoji sat down on the front step of the dorms. Akechi sat down next to him. “Yeah, well, in
hindsight, Nyx is kind of like the parent in that situation. And she gave me a parting gift of
this scarf. And when I split from the Nyx Avatar, I still came out with this scarf.”
“It’s fortunate that you did,” Akechi said. “It was a cold night. I’d have hated for you to come
out naked.”
Ryoji snorted, his eyes wider than they had been when they actually fought Nyx. “That
shouldn't have been funny.”
“I wasn’t trying to be.”
Well, that wasn’t entirely true. Akechi did know that people would find Akechi’s statement
humorous. That didn’t take the truth from his statement.
“Yeah, well, I guess you’re right,” Ryoji said. “I don’t think I would’ve minded, though. I
was so relieved when I became myself again.”
“Was it painful?”
“To be a part of Nyx? Definitely.” Ryoji rested his elbows against his knees. “It’s like there
was this buzzing inside my head. Time barely felt like it was passing, and in the few

moments I could fully take control, I felt like I was in this fog. I was Nyx, but the human part
of me couldn’t handle that. And now I’m me again.” Ryoji grimaced. “Sorry. It’s kind of hard
to explain.”
“I think I understand,” Akechi said.
It wasn’t the same thing as becoming a deity bent on destroying the world, but when Akechi
had first woken up in Maruki’s reality, he had felt similar. He was still himself, of course, but
it felt like some insect had even taken control of his thoughts. When he finally guessed what
happened, Akechi had never been more relieved in his life.
“You’re a pretty smart kid, huh?” Ryoji said with a small smile.
“I’m not a child.”
“Oh, sorry.” Ryoji stood up. “You know, Minato and I counted all of the paper cranes we
made.”
“And how many did you come up with?” Akechi asked.
“Nine hundred ninety-six,” Ryoji said, a tinge of pride in his voice. “Nine hundred ninetyseven if you count the one I made you. Who knew we were three cranes off this entire time?”
Akechi was suddenly painfully reminded of the three poorly folded paper cranes sitting on
his desk in his bedroom. Minato knew they were there. Why hadn’t he said anything to
Ryoji?
“What did Minato think of that?” Akechi asked.
“He just smiled,” Ryoji said, and he wiggled his eyebrows promptingly. “Why? Are you two
hiding something from me?”
Ryoji was more discerning than Akechi had realized. Akechi shook his head. “I was merely
curious,” he lied. “Did you fold the last three?”
Ryoji shook his head. “I’ve already had my wish granted. Besides, something tells me that
someone else dealt with those.”
Ryoji winked. Akechi’s face felt warm.

“I can’t believe we’re in our last year of elementary school,” Emiko said at the beginning of
April. “This past year went by kind of quickly.”
“They only get quicker,” Akechi said.
“Wow, really?”
“Trust me,” Akechi said. “You’ll be going to high school before you blink.”

Emiko kept her eyes wide open. They started to well up with tears.
“Are you okay?” Ken asked, looking alarmed.
“I’m trying not to blink,” Emiko said. “So I can go to high school.”
“You know that’s not what I meant.” Akechi rolled his eyes.
Emiko laughed, blinking in the process. “It would be nice though, wouldn't it? Being grown
up?”
“Yeah,” Ken agreed. “We would be allowed to take care of ourselves.”
Akechi only nodded, but he had a hard time looking forward to his high school days. While
he would love to go back to his own time, to have to repeat the years when Shido had power
was… somewhat frightening, actually.
Shido had begun gaining popularity around the time Akechi was fourteen. Akechi would turn
twelve in a few months.
Akechi’s entire body went on edge at the thought.

“Hey, look what I saw in the book store!” Junpei burst into the lounge with a ginormous
smile on his face. He held Minato’s book in the air. “Minato, you’re famous!”
“My name isn’t on the cover,” Minato said.
“Wait, really?”
Junpei flipped the cover over and peered at the credits. “Written by Kamiki Akinari and…
Illustrated by Yoshino Chidori.” Junpei exhaled shakily. “Oh.”
“I only published it,” Minato said. “Those two did all of the real work.”
“Yeah, I guess you’re right…” Junpei put on a shaky smile. “Still, great job, man! It seems to
be selling pretty well.”
“Oh, yes,” Fuuka said, looking up from her computer. “I saw some reviews on the internet.
One said that the art style grants a depth to the story.”
“Really?” Junpei asked. He sat down next to Fuuka, who had her laptop in her lap. “Can I
see?”
“Yeah.” Fuuka began typing as Minato fled up the stairs. His eyes looked a little red. “Give
me a minute.”
Akechi joined Junpei to look over Fuuka’s shoulder. Alarmingly enough, the book already
had around fifty reviews, and it had only gone on the shelves a few weeks ago.

“Wow, it’s really that popular, huh?” Junpei asked, his voice cracking. “I wonder what
Chidori would think if she saw this.”
“She’d probably be frustrated that everyone was praising her incomplete work,” Akechi said.
Junpei chuckled. “Yeah, probably,” he said. He rubbed a few tears from his eyes. “But, you
know, I hope that she would be happy too. That so many people like it.”
“I think…” Akechi swallowed. Talking about emotions was not his forte. “She would have
been happier to know that you liked it.”
“Oh,” Junpei said. “You know, I haven’t actually read it yet.”
“You should.”
“We could read it together,” Fuuka offered. “If you would like.”
Junpei nodded and handed the book over to Fuuka. Fuuka opened it and read it out loud.
When she was done, both she and Junpei were crying.
“I guess that’s what the reviewers meant by a beautiful ending,” Fuuka said, her voice
shaking as she tried to scrub tears from her eyes.
“I think I need some air,” Junpei said. He stood up and walked outside. After a brief moment
of deliberation, Akechi decided to follow him and make sure he wasn’t about to do
something stupid.
Junpei was staring up at the sky. If he was stargazing, he chose a poor place to do it. The light
pollution of the city made it hard to make out even the smallest pinpricks of light in the inky
darkness of the sky.
“What are you doing here?” Junpei asked as Akechi approached.
“I was… concerned,” Akechi said slowly.
Junpei laughed shakily. “I guess I don’t cry often, huh?” He hiccupped. “Heck, a year ago, I
would have died of shame before crying. There’s no place for sissies in my house.”
“Your father’s an asshole,” Akechi said, because it was the easiest thing to latch onto.
“I guess we share that trait.” Junpei hunched over himself, cupping his hand over his eyes.
“And our ability not to cry. We’re pros.”
“Everybody cries,” Akechi said.
“You make it sound like this inevitable fate,” Junpei said. “The only time I saw Chidori cry
was… Damnit!”
Junpei slammed his hand against the wall behind him. More tears ran down his face as he
gasped for breath.

“I hate being like this,” Junpei said. “I hate breaking down over some children’s book.
Especially in front of you.”
Akechi bristled. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
“You’re so cool,” Junpei said. “You have these super powerful abilities, and your death glare
is genuinely intimidating, and I know you’re way smarter than me because you helped me
study even though you’re physically eleven.”
“What the hell does any of that have to do with crying?”
“I don’t know…” Junpei sighed. “I kind of pegged you for the kind of guy who saw crying as
a weakness.”
The sad part was it was true.
“I said I respected you,” Akechi said. “That doesn’t change because you cried over a book
created by two dead children.”
“It wasn’t just the story,” Junpei said. “I was looking at the pictures Chidori drew, and it
just… I realized something.”
“What was that?”
“She used to draw this really abstract stuff,” Junpei said. “It was really hard to tell what she
was trying to draw, and there’s nothing wrong with that, but... She put a lot of effort into
those illustrations. I think she really believed in the story. What it was about, I mean.”
“She related to the pink alligator?” Akechi asked.
The pink alligator that swallowed its only friend and drowned in a pond of its own tears.
A traitor. An interrogation room. An unnecessary death behind a bulkhead door.
Chidori wasn’t the only one who related to that story.
“Maybe.” Junpei shrugged. “And then I was thinking about that, and then I realized how
much I wanted to talk to her, and then I just… fell apart.” Junpei wore a self-deprecating
smile. “You really must think I’m an idiot.”
“You cared about her,” Akechi snapped. “I’m meant to scorn that?”
“Well, no,” Junpei said. “I guess not.” Junpei sighed, and the cross-necklace glinted
underneath the streetlight. “I’m messing this all up. I think I should go–”
“Chidori agonized over giving you that necklace, you know,” Akechi said suddenly.
Junpei froze. “What?”

“We bought it together,” Akechi said. “Ryoji went shopping with me, and she tagged along.
She wanted to get a gift for you and eventually decided on that necklace.”
“Yeah?” Junpei’s voice cracked. “Why did she pick it?”
“She said she wanted you to have something to remind you of her, even when she was gone,”
Akechi said. “And that you would think it was cool.”
Junpei clutched the cross-like pendant in his hand. “Why didn’t she give it to me right away?
Why did she wait until…”
“She was scared,” Akechi said. “If I had to guess, at least. I doubt Strega cultivated a gift
giving environment.”
“Probably not.”
Junpei began crying again, and Akechi felt that he had probably overstayed his welcome. He
started to open the door back inside the lounge.
“Goro?”
“Yes?”
“Thanks.”
Goro hesitated as he opened the door. “You’re welcome.”
Temperance Arcana: Rank 9

“Goro-kun,” Takaya’s voice echoed off the walls of the dark tunnels of Tartarus. Akechi
scrambled to find a way out, but he only tripped on Chidori’s body. “Why do you insist upon
resisting me?”
Takaya grabbed Akechi by the scruff of his shirt and dragged him toward a familiar room.
Akechi’s heart dropped all the way down to his stomach.
“Wait, stop–”
“It’ll all be over soon.”
Takaya dunked Akechi’s head under water. Akechi fumbled with the gun in his jacket and
attempted to shoot him.
The hand around Akechi’s neck slackened. Akechi pushed himself out of the bathtub.
Akira’s dead body lay on the ground next to him.
Akechi woke up, still feeling like he was choking on water. The phone on his bedside table
buzzed.
Ṷ̷̿

Ṷ̷̿ n̷̖͝k̷̪̆ ǹ̸̝ o̸͚̽ ŵ̸͓ n̵̜̈́ ̶͓̀: I hope you’re sleeping well
Ṷ̷̿ n̷̖͝k̷̪̆ ǹ̸̝ o̸͚̽ ŵ̸͓ n̵̜̈́ ̶͓̀: Cause I’m watching :)
Akechi flung his phone across the room and tried not to throw up. It wasn’t Takaya. It
couldn’t be Takaya. It was probably just Tsuyoshi trying to screw with his mind. Takaya was
dead; Akechi saw the light leave his eyes. It was no dramatic ploy with the metaverse.
Takaya was dead.
Akechi still had half a mind to cry. He did his best to convert that feeling into rage, furiously
yanking his sheets off himself and storming downstairs. Maybe a glass of water would calm
him down.
He found Akihiko sitting on the kitchen counter, nursing a bowl of cereal and staring at the
backsplash. He didn’t say a word as Akechi got closer. Did he even know Akechi was there?
“Akihiko?” Akechi asked quietly, almost afraid to break the silence.
Akihiko didn’t look up. “Hey,” he said gruffly.
“Isn’t it a little late to be eating cereal?” Akechi slowly walked behind the counter and
grabbed a glass from the cabinets.
“Not if you don’t want to sleep.”
Akechi turned around to face Akihiko, clinging tightly to his empty glass. Akihiko shoved a
spoonful of cereal into his mouth and chewed it with slow crunches.
“Nightmares?” Akechi asked, leaning against the counter behind him.
Akihiko swallowed. “Keep thinking about it,” he said shortly. “Killing him.”
“He deserved it.”
Akihiko thrust his spoon into the cereal with more vigor. “I know that.”
Akechi swallowed, unused to seeing Akihiko this way. “I shouldn’t have shouted at you,
before. I was wasting time, and you had every right to kill him too.”
Akihiko shook his head. “You hesitated. I… didn’t.”
The truth of his cowardice made Akechi’s insides curl.
“He needed to die,” Akechi said, harshness creeping up his tone.
“If we left him, he probably would have died anyway,” Akihiko said. “And he would have
been powerless without the Dark Hour—”
Akechi slammed his glass against the counter with a sharp clang. “What’s done is done,” he
snapped. “I hesitated because I was a coward.”

“You hesitated because you’re good!” Akihiko shouted, his voice raw. “And I’m—”
“Someone who wanted to protect his friends?” Akechi interrupted, unable to stand this selfdeprecation. Did Akihiko think Akechi would be scared of someone who only attempted to
kill a single murderer? “That’s all you’ve ever wanted! And you did, okay? We’re safe now
—I’m safe now because that monster is dead.”
Akihiko stared at Akechi with red-rimmed eyes. “Goro-kun…”
“You were wrong,” Akechi said quietly, turning away. “I do have blood on my hands. That
will never go away. But I’m trying… I’m trying to be better. Takaya wanted me to be worse.
If you hadn’t killed him, who knows what… who knows what he might have tried. As
revenge, or—or—”
The self-loathing in Akihiko’s eyes shifted into something sad. Akechi hated it. “He can’t
hurt you,” Akihiko said, almost gently.
Akechi shut his eyes and inhaled shudderingly. “He can’t hurt any of us,” he hissed. “So
don’t let him win. Don’t let his fucking gun ruin your life.”
Akihiko let go of his spoon and let it sink into the bowl. He used his free hand to massage his
eyes. “I just can't get it out of my mind. I killed someone. I gave him what he wanted, in the
end. So, how... how... how do you expect me to just move past this?”
“By being better,” Goro whispered, trembling as he gripped the counter for support. “Be
better than them. Show them that you can still do good. Despite everything they did, despite
everything you did, you can do good. You can be… you can be good.”
Akihiko stared at Akechi for a long moment, looking almost contemplative. Akechi returned
the stare, daring Akihiko to disagree.
Akihiko put his bowl down. “Okay,” he finally said, taking a deep breath and swiping at his
eyes. “We’ll show them.”
Akechi released a breath. “You’d better.”

A few days later, Akechi hesitated outside the door of Shinshoudo Antiques before taking a
deep breath and opening it. It wasn’t as if he hadn’t traded for items there before, although
Minato was mostly responsible for purchasing supplies.
Himura raised her eyebrows upon his entrance. “Here without Kirijo?”
“You remember?” Goro asked.
“Takeba came marching in and practically slapped the memory back into me,” Himura said,
her lips quirking upwards. “She said I had more to tell her about her father. She was right.
So? What brings you here?”

“I had a request, actually,” Akechi said, reaching into his pocket and holding tightly to
Theodore’s stone. “You work with gemstones, correct?”
“Sometimes,” Himura said. “But you’ll have to be more specific than that.”
“I was wondering if you would be willing to put a stone into a pendant on a chain for me,”
Akechi said. He was sick of having something as powerful as invincibility rolling around his
pocket twenty-four seven, and then, when he needed it most to save someone else, he’d forget
he had it until it was too late. “I’d pay you, of course.”
“I could probably manage that,” Himura said. She put her hand on her hip. “Can I see it, or
am I just meant to summon this stone into existence?”
Akechi deliberated another fraction of a second before removing the stone from his pocket
and placing it on the counter. The sun hit the sphere, causing its blue hue to glow iridescently.
“It’s very valuable,” Akechi said. “I’d appreciate it if you didn’t lose it.”
“I can tell.” Himura carefully picked up the gem and inspected it. “I can attach this to a chain
easily enough. But are you sure you want to be carrying it around your neck if it’s so
important to you?”
“It would be useless otherwise,” Akechi said and left it at that.
Himura didn’t argue. “Come back in a week, and I’ll have it done for you.”
“How much do I owe you?”
She shook her head. “Just consider this a ‘thank you’ for not letting the world end, and we’ll
call it even.”
Akechi almost smiled. “Fair enough.”

A week later, he returned to collect the finished product. The stone seemed completely
unmarred, but molded silver securely fastened it to its chain. Akechi thanked Himura and
carefully clasped the necklace around his neck. He slipped the pendant beneath his shirt.
Its cold touch against his skin made him feel bizarrely safe.

Akihiko and Mitsuru were attending college, but they didn’t move out of the dorms
immediately.
“At this point, they can hardly be considered proper high school dorms,” Mitsuru said.
“We’re looking into apartments, but for now, I don’t see why we can’t stay.”

“Akihiko and I are thinking of being roommates, but we’re worried the rest of you will
accidentally burn the place to the ground if we aren’t around to keep you in check,” Shinjiro
said.
“You don’t have any faith in us at all, do you?” Ken asked bleakly.
“I love our television, but it doesn’t exactly inspire confidence,” Akihiko said.
“But that was Goro’s fault!” Junpei protested.
“You suggested we break more things so that they could be replaced with more expensive
items,” Akechi pointed out.
“Yeah, but I never went through with it–”
At that moment, Aigis, Minato, and Elizabeth entered the lounge.
“What’s going on?” Minato asked.
“We were contemplating how likely the place would set on fire if we left,” Akihiko said.
“The likelihood is 78 percent,” Aigis said. “Fuuka-chan still struggles to use the oven.”
“Yes,” Fuuka admitted. Her cheeks turned red. “I think I will stick with building things for
now.”
“I could help with burning the place down,” Elizabeth offered. She wrinkled her nose. “This
place could use some redecorating. Except for the television. It’s perfectly sized for you.”
Whatever the hell that meant.
“We’re not burning down the lounge,” Akechi said, which he thought was the more pressing
issue.
“But fire is so beautiful,” Elizabeth said.
“No,” Minato said firmly.
“Fine,” Elizabeth sighed. “But I think I have an idea that you might like, Akechi-kun.”

“How the hell did you find this place?” Akechi asked, his voice shaking. Elizabeth had taken
him alone, which was good, because Akechi found he didn’t care what Elizabeth thought of
his dignity.
They stood in front of the dilapidated building that Strega once used as their headquarters.
Although Akechi didn’t have a clear memory of what the building actually looked like, he’d
think of no other reason why Elizabeth would bring him here.

“It took to some searching,” Elizabeth said. “But your friend Akihiko had a guess that turned
out to be rather fortuitous.”
“You’ve spoken with Akihiko before?” Akechi asked.
“On occasion,” Akihiko said, walking toward them alongside Shinji. He gave Elizabeth a
glare. “I can’t believe you were going to do this without us.”
“You didn’t come with me when I took Goro here,” Elizabeth said disdainfully.
“Yeah, because I had to get Shinji.” Akihiko rolled his eyes. “Man, it’s been a while since
I’ve seen this place.”
“You know it?” Akechi asked.
“Oh yeah,” Shinjiro said. “This was the orphanage we grew up in.”
Akechi tried not to feel too dumbstruck. He wasn’t successful.
“Surprising, huh?” Akihiko asked. “That car you had on your desk reminded me of it,
though. It looked just like the car Shinji threw away once when he was mad about our
situation. I, um, fished it out of the trash and kept it.”
“Still can’t believe you did that,” Shinjiro muttered.
“It was your favorite toy,” Akihiko snapped. “I thought I lost it in the fire. Not that I had been
worried about it at the time, with my sister…” Akihiko took a deep breath. “Anyway, there
were scorch marks on the car, and it got me thinking. When your friend Elizabeth asked if I
wanted to help track down Strega’s old base to burn all their stuff, I figured I’d give her my
hunch.”
“It turned out to be a pretty good one in the end. Guess Takaya was a part of this orphanage at
some point too. Or maybe it was just a coincidence,” Shinjiro said. He raised his eyebrows at
Akechi. “Can’t believe this place is still standing.”
“The structural damage could have been worse, so I think the city was trying to repair it
before they realized it cost too much money,” Akihiko said. “And by then they had a different
location for the orphanage set up, so they abandoned this place until they could find another
use for it.”
“Kept tabs, didn’t you?” Shinjiro said rhetorically. He glanced at Akechi. “Building history
aside, why did you keep that car to begin with?”
Akechi frowned. To be honest, he had put it down and forgot it was there. It should have been
a reminder of that terrible night, but he couldn’t even see it when he picked it up in that dark
closet.
And, as terrifying as things had been, that closet had been a symbol of hope. Hope that he
could actually get out. The car was a reminder of that.

But that was so sentimental that Akechi would die before saying any of that.
“I’m nostalgic,” he said.
“As sweet as this conversation is, I suggest we get on with the arson,” Elizabeth said. “Shall
we begin?”
Akechi stared up at the building. A part of him wanted to turn around and run. He hated the
thought. What had turned him into such a coward?
Takaya had wanted him to face his fear. Fine. Akechi would face Takaya’s remaining mark
on the world, and then he would destroy it.
“Wait up for us!”
The rest of the group jogged toward them. Junpei, Minato, and Yukari took the lead.
“Strega messed with our lives too!” Yukari protested. “Minato told us what was going on. We
want in.”
“We’re a team,” Mitsuru agreed. “We do this together.”
Some of the tension in Akechi’s gut loosened. He kicked down the door to the building with
his head held high. As they burned various cult posters, clothing, and even dishes, Akechi
glared at the flames with a set expression on his face.
Takaya would die. Both physically and from public memory.
Goro just wasn’t sure if Takaya would ever leave his memory.

“Goro, could I speak with you for a moment?” Elizabeth asked as the rest of the group started
heading home from their burning spree.
Akechi stopped walking with the rest of the group and turned toward Elizabeth with an
irritated expression. As fun as destroying all of Strega’s belongings had been, Akechi would
like to leave the scene of one of his worst traumas.
“What is it?”
“It is about that powerful being that wishes you harm,” Elizabeth said. “I think it's time I
explained to you what you’re up against.”
“Did your master give you the okay for that?”
“No,” Elizabeth said. She smirked. “But I’ve decided that your safety is more important.
Please bear with me as I explain.”

“Fine,” Akechi said. Despite Elizabeth’s smirk, it was obvious she was being deadly serious.
Akechi wasn’t one to spurn a warning.
“The man you call Tsuyoshi. He is the embodiment of chaos,” Elizabeth said. “He is
extremely powerful and extremely dangerous. He can manipulate his appearance to his whim,
even alter reality. It is his goal to see humanity destroy itself.”
“How do you know this?” Akechi asked.
“He caused some serious issues maybe ten years ago,” Elizabeth said. “No, I’m not referring
to the Kirijo group incident.”
“I don’t know what you want me to do with this information,” Akechi said. “I’ve been trying
to avoid him.” Mostly. “He comes to me.”
“This being thrives on destruction and chaos,” Elizabeth said. “So continue to choose love.
Eventually, he will realize you are a waste of his time.”
“You want me to defeat Tsuyoshi with the power of love,” Akechi said dryly. “You have got
to be kidding me.”
“If he’s been coming to you, it’s because he wants to manipulate you,” Elizabeth said. Akechi
had never seen her this serious in his entire life. “Please. Do not allow yourself to be
tempted.”
“I’m not going to start working for him.” Akechi rolled his eyes. “But fine. I’ll be careful.”
“That’s all I ask,” Elizabeth said.
“Where did the Velvet Room go, by the way?” Akechi asked. “Minato’s contract might be
fulfilled, but mine isn’t.”
“At this moment, there is no need for it.” Elizabeth smirked. “I’m sure that you will have the
opportunity to fulfill your contract at a later date.”
Trust Elizabeth to be cryptic even when giving Akechi comfort.

“Happy birthday, Goro!”
Akechi flinched as he entered the dormitories after his daily run. Everybody, including
Emiko, stood gathered around the dining room table. One of Shinjiro’s famous cakes sat in its
center, and Akechi tried not to feel dizzy.
Akechi nearly forgot that it was his birthday. He had been hoping that everyone else would
forget too. Last year was dizzying enough with Takaya, Shinjiro, Ken, and Emiko giving him
birthday wishes. Now the entire team plus Ryoji and Emiko were staring at him with wide
grins on their faces.

Koromaru trotted up to Akechi and nuzzled his leg. It brought Akechi slightly back to reality.
“This is a surprise,” he said, walking up to the group.
“Well, nobody did anything for you last year,” Akihiko said. “So we had to overcompensate a
bit.”
“I did the icing,” Fuuka said.
“It’s not poisonous, is it?” Akechi asked doubtfully as Yukari began dividing the cake into
slices.
“I checked,” Shinjiro said. “It actually tastes pretty good.”
Fuuka glowed at the praise.
“I’m glad we actually got to celebrate it on time this year,” Emiko said. “I can’t believe you
didn’t tell me it was your birthday!”
“Last year?” Akechi asked. “Or this year?”
“Both!” Emiko crossed her arms. “Except I already knew this year, so I was a little worried I
hurt your feelings by not bringing it up. The surprise thing was Iori-senpai’s idea.”
“My feelings were not hurt,” Akechi assured her. “And last year, I didn’t know you as well.
My apologies.”
“It’s fine,” Emiko said. She took a slice of cake from Yukari and handed it to Akechi. “We
get to celebrate it this year, at least.”
“Heck yeah!” Junpei cheered. “You’re twelve now, right?”
“Yes,” Akechi said, grimacing at how young that number was. He wasn’t even a teenager yet.
“Wow, that’s almost old,” Ryoji said. “Great work, Goro-kun.”
“It’s not remotely almost old,” Akechi said.
“You might be older than me,” Ryoji said with a teasing tone. “Or I’m way older than all of
you? Wait a minute. When is my birthday?”
Minato paled at the question. None of them had ever considered Ryoji’s age before.
Emiko giggled. “Your friend is funny,” she whispered.
Hilarious.
“It’s kind of hard to believe you were only ten when you, um, moved in with us,” Yukari said,
glancing at Emiko nervously. “I can’t believe that it was allowed.”
“Just a reminder of how misled we were,” Mitsuru said quietly.

Emiko looked around with wide eyes, as if she suddenly realized where exactly she was.
“You never told me you lived in the high school dorms.”
“We weren’t sure what you would think,” Ken said. “Don’t tell your dad or sister please.”
“I think it’s cool!” Emiko nodded. “Don’t worry. Your secret is safe with me.”
The cake was delicious, but Akechi didn’t expect anything else from Shinjiro’s cooking. It
was a wonder that Shinji was ever embarrassed of his skills.
“It tastes great,” Goro told Shinji.
“Yeah?” Shinjiro raised his eyebrows. “And here I had a different delicious treat just for
you.”
Akechi frowned. “That doesn’t sound cheesy at all.”
“Fair point.” Shinjiro pulled a chocolate bar out of his pocket and handed it to him. Akechi
raised his own eyebrows questioningly. “Do you remember last year?”
“When Takaya taunted me about being a day older and you overheard?” Akechi asked.
“Yes.”
“And then you rejected my perfectly good gift.”
“I was in a bad place.”
“You’re always in a bad place.”
Akechi didn’t deny it as he took the chocolate bar. “Well, I’m in a slightly better place now,
and I’m not going to be rude enough to leave this on the floor.”
“Good,” Shinjiro said. “Someone will step on it.”
“Thank you,” Akechi said.
Shinjiro nodded as Junpei ran up to Akechi and pulled him aside.
“We weren’t meant to give gifts, but I got something small for you,” Junpei said. “A token of
my gratitude, I guess.”
Junpei handed Akechi a small photo. Akechi frowned at it.
It was the photo that they had taken on the night Ikutsuki betrayed them. Koromaru was a
fuzzy blur, Junpei and the others looked startled, and Akechi wore a glare that could kill.
“It’s quite the photograph,” Akechi said.
“It’s not much of a gift.” Junpei chuckled nervously and rubbed the back of his neck. “The
others have copies too. It took me a while to remember to have the picture printed, though.”

“No,” Akechi said. “I appreciate it.”
“You do?” Junpei beamed. “That’s great. And look, Goro, I just want you to know that no
matter what happens, if you need a friend to vent to or if you need help, I’ll be there. I’m
always just one call away, you know. You’ve really been there for me when I needed it, so,
yeah.”

Thou art I… and I am thou
The connection that you have nurtured has been transformed

Thy bond shall be the compass of redemption
and break the yoke of thy heart

The power of the Temperance Arcana has been set free
Granting thee ultimate power

“I do,” Akechi said quietly. He put the photograph in his pocket. He’d find a frame for it
later. “Thank you.”
“Speaking of photos,” Junpei said. He pulled a camera from his pocket. “We should have one
right now! We need a group photo with Ryoji and Aigis, right?”
“That sounds lovely,” Aigis said. “Where should we gather?”
“Just in front of the table is fine,” Junpei said. “Oh, but wait... Who’s gonna take it?”
“I can take it,” Emiko said, raising her hand. “As long as you promise to take a photo of just
me, Goro, Ken, and, of course, Koromaru.”
“Koromaru is not a part of our friend group,” Ken said.
“Yes, but he’s adorable,” Emiko countered.
Junpei looked slightly nervous about trusting his camera with an eleven-year-old, but he
reluctantly handed it over. Emiko stood on a stool to gain a little extra height for the photo.
She fumbled with the camera controls before waving at the group to get their attention.
“Everybody smile!”
“Yeah, let’s have a nice photograph this time, Junpei,” Yukari said teasingly.

“Hey, last time was not my fault–”
Click.
“Another photograph ruined,” Akihiko sighed.
“Don’t worry!” Emiko said. “I can just take another picture.”
“Oh.” Junpei sounded stunned.
“Duh,” Minato said.
Goro couldn’t help it. He smiled.

End of Part 1

Chapter End Notes

Okay, okay, let's do this.
1) I accidentally fooled you guys last chapter, so I will say that now the Narrative DOES
get 'Goro' privileges for the rest of the fic.
2) A very intriguing thing occurred last night in which Tsuyoshi got 30 votes on the poll.
I very gently suspect foul play, so I shall give multiple versions of results. In all
scenarios, Shinjiro wins. If we count the Tsuyoshi votes, Tsuyoshi gets second place,
Emiko gets third place, and Minato gets fourth place. If we don't count the Tsuyoshi
votes, Emiko gets second place, Minato gets third place, and Ryoji gets fourth place.
3) More adorable fanart.
4) Social Link Update:
Fool (0) - Kurusu Tsuyoshi (?) - Rank 6
Empress (III) - Kirijo Mitsuru - RANK MAX
Lovers (VI) - Mochizuki Ryoji - RANK MAX
Justice (VIII) - Amada Ken - RANK MAX
Hermit (IX) - Sakaki Takaya - RANK MAX
Strength (XI) - Yamamoto Emiko - RANK MAX
Hanged Man (XII) - Kirijo Takeharu - Rank 6
Death (XIII) - Arisato Minato - RANK MAX
Temperance (XIV) - Iori Junpei - RANK MAX
Devil (XV) - Ikutsuki Shuji - Rank MAX
Tower (XVI) - Shido Masayoshi - Rank 5

Moon (XVIII) - Aragaki Shinjiro - RANK MAX
Judgement (XX) - Velvet Room Attendants - Rank 5
Look at all those beautiful Rank Maxes.
5) Finally, P3 Reload comes out tomorrow! I know I'm going to be playing it at 5 am
and perhaps you guys will too. :D
Thank you guys so much for the support so far! The fic has four parts (although parts 3
and 4 aren't as long as 1 and 2) so I hope you stick with me to the end!
P.S. the second fic in the series is some goofy outline snippets. Feel free to check it out
for funnies.

Chapter 43: January 25, 2017–June 2, 2011
Chapter Summary

Guys this is so crazy
There's been like... a time skip... wow...
Prepare for a tonal shift because p4 and p3 are very different games

Chapter Notes

tw: references to murder, ptsd, references to child neglect

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The safe rooms in Maruki’s palace were stifling. The couches and walls were the same
blinding white as the rest of the place, and framed ink blots made Akechi feel that he was
about to be analyzed at any minute.
Even now, he could feel Maruki’s eyes on his back. Maruki likely wasn’t literally watching
him, at first, but who knew how far his influence stretched? Could he be spying on Joker
through Akechi? Was Akechi’s mind even his own anymore?
Joker had better decide that their rest period was over soon so that Akechi could focus on
killing shadows. It didn’t look likely, though. All of them were exhausted. Even with the
benefit of nine other teammates, Maruki’s shadows were wearing them thin.
“I have an idea,” Joker said. “While we rest, why don’t we tell scary stories?”
Yoshizawa perked up at the sound of Joker’s voice. Her crush could not be more obvious.
Akechi wished Joker could hurry up and tell her that he didn’t feel the same way, unless
Yoshizawa happened to be the only girl that Joker decided to say yes to. Apparently, Joker
was confessed to on a rather regular basis, but he had yet to acquire a romantic partner.
“Scary stories?” Yoshizawa asked. “I don’t know many of those. Sorry.”
“That’s alright,” Joker said. “I have a really good one. Do you want to hear, guys?”
“I’m trapped in this room with you, so it doesn’t really matter what we want,” Akechi said
bitterly.

Sakura and Okumura shot him nasty glares. Akechi ignored them.
“Yeah, but I wouldn’t want to torture you with the sound of my voice.”
“I don’t give a shit,” Akechi said. “Tell your scary stories for all I care. Just don’t expect me
to participate.”
Secretly, Akechi was relieved to have something to think about that wasn’t his steady loss of
control over his own life. Or was it even his own anymore? Maruki was the one who brought
him back from the dead.
“I think scary stories are a lovely idea,” Okumura said pointedly.
“Just… not too scary?” Niijima asked.
“Great.” Joker clapped his hands together and sat up from the sofa he had been leaning
against. “Hm. Do you think there’s any way to dim the lights?”
Immediately the lights dimmed. Half the group yelped, and Akechi jumped to his feet.
“Who’s there?” he snapped.
Nobody responded.
“Even the safe room subconsciously responds to our desires,” Joker said. “I guess Maruki
doesn’t care about something as inconsequential as the lights.”
Akechi frowned. It made sense that Maruki’s palace would respond to people’s needs, seeing
as that was his entire self-righteous shtick. “I wonder if we can use that to our advantage in
the actual palace. Dim the lights to help us sneak around.”
“Maruki might not like that, though,” Sakamoto said. “We’re trying to stop him, after all. We
can’t use the safe room lights to our advantage, so it probably doesn’t matter as much.”
“All great things to consider after our ghost story session,” Joker said.
“Aren’t you meant to be the leader?” Akechi snapped.
“Yes, and as leader, I say that we should actually rest when we need to rest.” Joker nodded.
“Alright, now that the mood is set, let me begin.”
Akechi rolled his eyes and collapsed backwards onto his own sofa. “Tell away.”
Yoshizawa leaned forward toward Joker, ready to drink in any word. Akechi scoffed at the
sight.
“There once was a boy who lived in a small town.” Joker’s voice became hushed as he began
telling his tale. “His parents were away for business, and his house felt large and lonely in
their absence.”

“Oh, that’s sad,” Yoshizawa said.
“It is, isn’t it?” Joker agreed.
“Oh, damn, I’ve heard this one before,” Sakamoto whispered.
Joker ignored him. “Of course, he didn’t realize there was anything wrong with it. His
parents were always away, and he thought that it was perfectly normal to be left alone for
such a length of time. But, this time was different. This time, there was a murder.”
Akechi half expected thunder to rumble outside. It didn’t of course, because that would be
absurd.
Yoshizawa sucked in a breath anyway.
“An announcer who had been on the news for the past couple of days had been found
hanging from a telephone pole. Dead. The schools even had to stop kids from leaving,
because they couldn’t figure out how to make the children avoid the scene of the crime. The
entire town was alight with gossip.”
“Oh no, gossip. I’m so scared,” Akechi said sarcastically.
Takamaki shushed him.
“When the boy went home, he called his mother. Although he was perfectly capable of taking
care of himself, he thought a murder might be a reason for his parents to come home and
make sure that he didn’t die as well. For all he knew, the murderer was waiting for the perfect
moment to kill an unsuspecting child alone in the house.”
“Did they come back?” Okumura asked.
Akira shook his head. “His mother said that the announcer who died was a whore and
probably didn’t finish her education. She impressed upon the boy to take his schooling
seriously and not to be like her. The boy took this advice very seriously. He decided to spend
the rest of his afternoons doing homework and studying for an upcoming test.”
Akechi bristled. People had said similar things about his mother when she had died, as if they
weren’t the same ones who left her in the dirt.
Fortunately, the others bore similar expressions. Yoshizawa looked as though someone had
killed her kittens. Both Takamaki and Sakamoto looked ready to punch something.
“One night, while he was studying, he fell asleep,” Joker continued. “That was when he heard
it. The sound of static filling the living room. He opened his eyes and saw that his television
was on. This was very strange. He thought their TV was broken. It was pouring rain outside,
and a flash of lightning illuminated the clock on their back wall. It was midnight.”
Joker grinned as though he had a secret that everybody wanted to know. “Now, on top of the
murder, a rumor had been spreading in the town. It was said that if you looked at your
television at midnight on a rainy day, you would see your soulmate. The boy had thought that

was a lot of crap, except here it was. He could see a girl clearly on the television. A girl he
recognized. She worked at the local Junes. Her parents owned a liquor store that was
struggling to stay in business thanks to that very same Junes, and every so often the boy
would see her looking sad as she worked.
“But something wasn’t right. The girl looked like she was in pain. A large shadow seemed to
be attacking her, but the boy couldn’t make out the details. It looked like she was screaming,
but when the boy stood up, the image on the television vanished.”
Niijima shuddered.
“The next morning, the boy woke up especially early. He thought that he had been just
dreaming about the strange girl on the television, but the earlier murders were fresh on his
mind. He decided that if he wanted to follow his mothers advice, he should go to the middle
school and study in their library. If he left early enough, he would be able to have time to
study and get to the elementary school on time.”
“Talk about dedicated,” Sakura muttered.
Joker leaned forward. “Fog coated the entire town. The boy thought he saw unfamiliar shapes
in the fog, just like the shapes he saw on the television. He could even see one dangling from
the sky. He told himself that it was just his imagination. That he was just freaked out by his
nightmare. But as he got closer, he realized that the dangling shadow wasn’t in his
imagination at all. The fog thinned slightly, and the boy saw the girl that had appeared on the
television.
“Her body was dangling off another telephone pole, just like the announcer. Her eyes were
glassy and her skin was pale. Her face looked fixed on that same horrified expression that the
boy had seen on the television. She was dead.”
“What happened after that?” Kitagawa asked.
Joker shrugged, and the tense atmosphere of the room fled immediately. “He called the
police. It turned out that the girl was the one who reported the first murder, so the police kept
his identity a secret. He went to school and mentioned it to no one, not even his parents. The
end.”
The lights turned back on.
“There’s something oddly familiar about that story,” Akechi said, frowning.
“Yeah, well, I lived in Inaba,” Akira said. “There was a serial murder case when I was in
middle school. I guess you can say I was inspired.”
Ah, yes. That was right. The bodies were found dangling from high places. It was the case
that brought Shirogane Naoto, the first detective prince, into the spotlight, but Akechi
couldn’t remember most of the details.
“Don’t tell me it actually happened?!” Yoshizawa gasped, bringing her hand to her mouth.

“No, but I’m pretty good at telling it, huh?” There was something strange about Joker’s
expression. If Akechi didn’t know better, he would say that he was lying. “Ryuji totally
thought it was real too.”
“You tell it in crazy detail man!” Sakamoto protested. “Sue me!”
“Sakamoto would believe anything was real if you tell it convincingly enough,” Akechi said.
“Niijima Sae would likely believe you too, seeing as she bought your story about the
metaverse, even though you were drugged to high heaven.”
“You’d better be glad she did,” Joker said sharply. “Or I wouldn’t be here right now.”
“And I wouldn’t be here either,” Akechi said nastily. He refused to admit that he was relieved
that Joker was alive. It was too mortifying to even think about.
“Then I’m especially glad she did.”
Sakura jumped to her feet and raised her pointer finger. “Maybe we should keep going,” she
said. “I feel pretty well-rested now.”
“Best idea you’ve had all day,” Akechi said. “Joker?”
“Yeah,” Joker said, his mouth still pursed into a thin line. “Let’s go.”

Part 2: My True Self

“Next stop: Yasoinaba.”
Goro stared out the train window as the countryside sped past him. The rice fields and open
sky were a far cry from the busy streets of Tokyo or Iwatodai. It had been years since Goro
had even seen the countryside, and now here it was, surrounding him from all sides.
Goro’s phone buzzed with brand new texts. Goro sighed as he flipped his phone open to read
them.
Emiko: i cant believe u left in such a hurry (╥﹏╥)
Emiko: Right before ur birthday 2!! (＃＞＜)
Goro grimaced. The circumstances behind his departure had been hurried and not well
thought out.
About week prior, in Iwatodai, Goro had just left Akihiko and Shinjiro’s apartment and was
returning to the middle school dorms. A man (Chaos? Personification of Evil?) that Goro had
not seen in over a year accosted him.

“Goro, Goro, Goro,” Tsuyoshi said, wearing his signature smirk. He didn’t look a day older
since Goro last saw him. “I hear you’re going by that nowadays. Have you finally accepted
the name Mommy gave you?”
Goro nearly punched him in the face before reminding himself of Elizabeth’s words.
Tsuyoshi wanted Goro to be angry. He had to fight against that.
Goro grit his teeth. Elizabeth should have known better than to ask that of him.
“Only my friends call me Goro,” he snapped. “What do you want?”
“Oof, that’s cold.” Tsuyoshi sighed and raised his hands in surrender. “I just wanted to see
how you were doing. Keeping out of trouble?”
“I think I should be asking you that,” Goro said. Stay calm. Don’t show any vulnerability.
“But I’m doing fine. Thank you for asking.”
“I love that for you,” Tsuyoshi said. “Anyhow, I have some news I thought you might be
interested in.”
“I’m not.”
“There’s a serial murder case in Inaba,” Tsuyoshi said, easily following Goro’s quickened
pace. “Two people have died already, and I hear another girl was kidnapped. But you already
knew all about that, didn’t you?”
Goro stopped in his tracks. Was that happening already? What year was it? 2011?
“It’s none of my business what’s happening in Inaba,” Goro said. “Leave me alone.”
“Fine, I’m not the boss of you.” Tsuyoshi smiled in a way that was shockingly reminiscent of
Akira. It didn’t help that he still wore Akira’s face. “But who knows what might happen. My
nephew might find himself in a sticky situation.”
Goro stormed off and tried not to feel sick.
Fool Arcana: Rank 7
For the next few days, Goro agonized over what he had been told. He knew that it must be a
set up. Tsuyoshi wanted him to go to Inaba for whatever reason. And in the past, Akira had
obviously never been killed during the serial murders.
But there was always that underlying fear. That fear that Goro’s mere presence was enough to
cause things to change. Goro had never figured out whether the near end of the world had
happened in his timeline. Who was he to assume that things would turn out exactly the way
he wanted them to?
Besides, the threat in Tsuyoshi’s words were obvious. Tsuyoshi wanted him to go to Inaba.
Goro didn’t doubt that he would hurt Akira if Goro didn’t comply.

It was a trap. Goro was going to walk right into it.
He called Mitsuru. “Mitsuru-san?”
“Goro,” Mitsuru said, obviously pleasantly surprised. “What can I do for you?”
“I want to move to Inaba.”
A buzzing silence filled the line. “I’m sorry, come again?”
“Preferably as soon as possible.”
After insisting to Mitsuru that he was merely anxious about his friend living in a town with
murders (no, he did not intend to do anything dangerous), Mitsuru agreed to arrange for his
move to Inaba. After Goro said all his goodbyes, he packed his bags and got on the train
departing for Inaba.
Nobody had been pleased at his sudden departure, but they understood his reasons. They
made Goro promise that if anything dangerous came up, he would call them.
Goro made such a promise under extreme duress. He wasn’t completely helpless; he didn’t
need to call the cavalry every time something went wrong.
Besides, the others were busy with other metaverse anomalies. Mitsuru’s Shadow Ops had
kicked off rather well. Although there weren’t many issues, occasionally there would be
reports of shadows or supernatural acitivity, and they would investigate. Mitsuru wanted Ken
and Goro to “focus on their studies”, so they were rarely allowed to come along. Goro tried
not to begrudge her overprotectiveness.
Now, on the train, Goro typed a quick reply to Emiko’s texts.
Goro: I will have cake and call you about it.
Emiko: u’d better!!
Emiko: I’ll try to visit when we get a break („• ᴗ •„)
Goro put his phone in his pocket as the train began to slow to a stop. The buildings of Inaba
began to come into view. Although the town wasn’t tiny by any means, it was certainly small
compared to the city. The train station alone was half the size of Port Island station.
Goro grabbed his bag and stood by the train doors. They slid open, and he stepped outside.
Nobody was waiting to greet him, but Goro was content with that.
“Excuse me?” Goro asked a nearby pedestrian. “Do you think you could point me in the
direction of the Amagi Inn?”
“The Amagi Inn? Oh, of course.” The pedestrian gave a simple set of directions. The inn
wasn’t far from the station; it would likely only take about fifteen minutes to walk. “I heard
that the announcer who died stayed there, though. You might want to be careful.”

Goro’s smile felt strained. He hated superstitions. “I’ll take my chances.”
Goro bowed and extracted himself from the conversation.
Inaba was quiet. Birds chirped overhead. The occasional car would drive past him,
interrupting rustling banners and fliers with a dull roar. Goro could even hear distant chatter
from the shopping district as he walked to the inn.
The Amagi Inn was an impressive establishment. He’d done his research before arriving. A
historical site, it was one of the only places keeping the industry in the town standing.
Apparently, tourists came for its hot springs alone.
Goro wasn’t interested in submerging himself. It had taken him months to even be able to
stand in a bathroom with a bathtub without his heartbeat quickening.
Goro checked into the inn, and the receptionist handed Goro his keys. “You’re on the third
floor. Room 35. You can check the sign for the hot springs times.”
“Thank you.”
Goro’s room was larger than his dormitory back in Iwatodai. A large futon sat in the back
corner, and a balcony overlooked a garden where some guests were milling around.
Money was obviously not an object for Mitsuru, but Goro still shuddered to think of how
much this room alone was costing her. He would try to figure out a new living situation soon.
He hated owing Mitsuru like this, even if she insisted she didn’t want anything in return.
Still, Goro might as well try to make the hotel room a home. He placed his suitcase down and
pulled out a set of picture frames. He placed the picture of SEES with Takeharu, the picture
of the entire group on Goro’s last birthday, and the picture of Ken, Goro, and Emiko on the
dresser to his left. He put his clothes in the drawers and carefully placed Shinjiro’s will and
letter in the topmost drawer. Alongside it he placed Takeharu’s old journal, some slightly
crumpled paper cranes, Minato’s book, and Ken’s action figure.
Shinjiro was going to deliver Taiyaki to Inaba the following day. Many of the others were
still juggling college on their plate. Those who weren’t attending college or school had jobs.
Goro was not about to ask them to drop everything and travel to the countryside.
“Alright,” Goro muttered. “Welcome to your new life.”
Goro wasn’t going to stick his nose into anywhere it didn’t belong. In the original timeline,
the law enforcement in the area managed to pin the killer eventually. Goro was simply there
to keep any innocents out of the crossfire, if possible. And hell, if he could figure out who the
killer was before the useless police department, then maybe he would give them a bit of
advice.
For now, however, Goro was going to sleep.

Emiko called him first thing in the morning. “Happy Birthday, Goro-kun!”
“Good morning to you too, Emiko,” Akechi sighed.
“Have you eaten your cake yet?”
“Emiko, it’s…” Goro blinked at the clock sitting on the wall across from him. “Five thirty in
the morning.”
“Yeah, and? You can eat cake for breakfast.”
“I just woke up. Give me five minutes to get dressed, at least.”
“Oh yeah! This is your first day of school, isn’t it? Try not to replace me with all of your
super cool new friends.”
“I think you’re greatly overestimating how popular I’m going to be.” Goro pulled his new
school uniform from the dresser and began pulling it on. “I don’t think you’re at any risk of
being replaced.”
“Well, if you do, then I’ll just make sure that Ken never speaks to you again.”
“You’re weaponizing Ken?”
“You’d deserve it for abandoning us.”
“I’m not going to abandon you two,” Goro said. “It’s not likely that I’ll be making any
friends today anyway.”
“Don’t talk about yourself that way!” Emiko scolded. “You’re very nice. I bet you’ll make
lots of friends.”
“Weren’t you just warning me against that moments ago?” Goro asked.
“Ugh, you are impossible. Hold on, I’ll get Ken to call you.”
Emiko hung up. A few minutes later, Goro answered a call from Ken.
“How’s the small-town life going for you?” Ken asked, a hint of bitterness in his tone.
“I’m sorry for leaving so suddenly,” Goro said. “But I haven’t actually been here for more
than half a day.”
“Yeah, I guess that’s true,” Ken said. He sighed. “I know I’m being unfair. I just… you
couldn’t have given more warning?”
“I didn’t exactly plan to transfer schools halfway through the year,” Goro snapped. He
inhaled deeply. It wasn’t like Ken knew Tsuyoshi had threatened him. “But, yes. I’ll try to
have more foresight.”

“Yeah.” After a brief awkward pause, Ken said, “Look, Emiko wanted me to tell you that you
can make friends. Just don’t forget about us.”
“Trust me, I would be hard pressed to forget you,” Goro said. “I couldn’t manage it when
everyone else’s memories were magically wiped.”
“That’s true,” Ken said. He let out a dramatic sigh. “Man, I’m really going to miss Taiyaki.”
“Hilarious.”
“I can’t believe Shinjiro is taking him away from me.” Ken sniffed. “He’s so much nicer than
you are.”
“Oh no,” Goro said dryly. “I have to go to school now.”
“It’s too early for that.”
“I have to eat breakfast.”
“Well, I won’t keep you.” A cheerier note had returned to Ken’s voice. “Happy Birthday,
Goro.”
“Thank you.”

Yasogami Middle School was only a thirty-minute walk away. After eating breakfast served
by the inn, Goro had more than enough time to arrive at the school early. That would help to
make a good impression with the faculty, at least.
He met his homeroom teacher, Aikawa, in the faculty room, who immediately led him to his
classroom. His class was rather small compared to the full rooms in Iwatodai. Multiple desks
were empty, and Goro had a feeling it wasn’t because a quarter of the students were sick.
“Class, please welcome Akechi Goro,” Aikawa said. “He transferred here because his
guardians wanted him to experience small town life outside of the city. Please be
welcoming.”
Goro bowed to his new classmates. “It’s a pleasure to meet you.”
“Perhaps you would like to sit in that seat over there,” Aikawa said. She pointed to a lone
desk by the window. Goro sat down without any complaint.
It was odd to have a desk to himself. Somehow, Goro hadn’t expected that.
Goro could hear a few of the students sitting behind him whispering to each other.
“What happened to his face?” one girl whispered. “It looks like he got in a gang fight.”
“Maybe the real reason he left the city is because he’s in trouble with the police–”

“Alright, everyone, quiet down,” Aikawa-sensei said. She began the English lesson without
missing a beat.
Goro tried not to feel too distracted by the comments. The students at his old Elementary
School had an equally poor impression of his personality, but they knew he was one of the
top students. They thought Goro had picked a fight with some rival student when he returned
to school after Strega kidnapped him, even though such rumors were absolutely baseless. By
the time it became clear that the knife wound Jin so kindly gifted him would scar, his peers
had gotten used to it.
It was just a scar. People really should know better than to make a big deal out of it.
The only reason Goro hadn’t put concealer over it was his determination not to let Strega
win, even if they were dead.
“Akechi-kun,” Aikawa said. “Could you tell me the conjugation of this English verb?”
Goro stared at the verb Aikawa was pointing at. “Past tense,” he said without missing a beat.
“Very good. Please remember to take notes.”
Goro couldn’t take notes. In an impressive display of incompetence, he had managed to
forget all of his notebooks and leave them in Iwatodai. They had probably found a nice
garbage bin somewhere. He would have to buy new ones later that day.
There was no Emiko to give him an impressed glance. No one to share a notebook with. No
Akira coming out of nowhere to share a sassy quip.
Of course not. Akira was a grade below him.

After classes ended, Goro went to the library to borrow some textbooks before he could buy
his own. As he turned the corner around one of the shelves, he ran straight into another body.
“Excuse me,” Goro said, before he made eye contact with the person he ran into.
Goro’s stomach clenched. The curly head of black hair was undeniable.
Akira’s head snapped straight up, his face rounder and so much younger than Akechi
expected. His eyes widened, and he bowed in apology. “I’m sorry! I didn’t see you there.”
“It’s alright,” Goro said. “No harm done.”
Akira’s face was still bright red. “Sorry. I didn’t sleep well last night. I guess that’s why I
wasn’t looking where I was going.”

“It’s no matter,” Goro said. He tried to keep his voice under control. There was no reason for
Akira to recognize him. Goro was the one who time traveled, not Akira. “I’m Akechi Goro.
It’s a pleasure to meet you.”
“Kurusu Akira,” Akira said. “Nice to meet you too. Even though I crashed into you.”
Wasn’t Akira still meant to be in elementary school? He was a year below Goro. Not to
mention he wasn’t wearing the Yasogami Middle uniform. “You look younger than me. What
are you doing in the middle school library?”
“Oh.” Akira looked even more embarrassed as he began to ramble. “I come here to study.
The elementary school library doesn’t have a lot of advanced books. We don’t have a very
big public library, and the middle school is closer to the elementary school than the high
school. Most people don’t notice I’m here. Please excuse me.”
Akira’s eyes were distracted as he brushed past Goro and sat down at one of the tables. Goro
tried to focus as he tried to find his books, but he could barely focus on the words he was
reading. The only thing he could think about was how wholly anticlimactic that entire
meeting had been.
Goro wasn’t sure what he had expected. A sassy quip maybe. Flirting. Hell, even a broody
glare would be better than that shy introduction. There was no indication that Akira had even
seen him before, much less recognized him.
Goro shouldn’t have expected otherwise. He hadn’t even realized he had expected otherwise
until this very moment.
There hadn’t even been a social link. It was just blank nothingness.

Goro forced himself to forget about Akira. He went to the station to greet Shinjiro. Shinjiro
stepped out of the train half an hour later, holding Taiyaki’s fish tank.
“Hey,” Shinjiro said, wearing a tired smirk. “Long time no see.”
“We saw each other the day I left,” Goro said. He held out his hands to take the tank. “Did
Taiyaki survive the journey?”
Shinjiro rolled his eyes. “Your fish is fine.”
“Hand him over and I’ll determine that for myself.”
“No way.” Shinjiro shook his head. “I know what you’re–” He coughed. “I know what you’re
doing.”
“And what is that?”
“You don’t think I can carry a measly fish tank a mile,” Shinjiro said. “I’m not that weak, you
know.”

He might not have been quite that weak, but Goro didn’t feel very reassured. The skin around
Shinjiro’s face had grown tighter and paler. The bags beneath his eyes were more
pronounced, and he had begun to grow more winded over what once were easy tasks.
“I don’t want you to drop the fish in the middle of a coughing fit,” Goro said instead.
“Fine, fine.” Shinjiro let Goro take the tank.
Goro made a show of inspecting the inside. He frowned when he saw an anomaly. “Is there…
a plant in the tank?”
“It’s Emiko and Ken’s birthday gift to you,” Shinjiro said. “Mostly Emiko.”
“Emiko gave my fish my birthday gift,” Goro said slowly. He wasn’t even sure why he was
surprised. Taiyaki seemed to be enjoying it, at least. “Fine. Whatever.”
“Well, lead the way,” Shinjiro said. “Although, if you think you’ve got this tank handled, I
guess I could turn back now.”
“Are you kidding?” Goro snapped. “This thing is heavy. I’ll need you to open doors for me.”
“A truly monumental task.”
“I trust nobody else to do it.”
“I’m the only other person here.”
“That’s how you know I’m not lying.”
Shinjiro chuckled breathily. “You always know what to say.” The low roar of a car driving by
interrupted their conversation. “How was your first day?”
“Fine,” Goro said shortly.
“That bad, huh?”
“It was school. There was nothing bad or good about it.”
“Right.” Shinjiro nodded with a doubtful expression. “Well, you look ridiculous in that
uniform.”
“You’re just not used to seeing me in it.” Goro scoffed. “If you want ridiculous, allow me to
introduce you to Shujin Academy’s uniforms.”
"Thanks, but I’m good.”
It took them about ten minutes longer to reach the inn than it had taken Goro the day before.
Between the heavy tank and Goro having to keep pace with Shinjiro, whose gait had slowed
the further they walked, their pace could hardly be called brisk.
“Do you need to sit down?” Goro asked.

“I’m fine,” Shinjiro said, breathing somewhat heavily as they approached the inn door. “I’ll
open that for you.”
Goro didn’t ask any further. Shinjiro got snippy if he thought anyone was pitying him. Goro
knew the feeling.
They took the elevator up to the third floor, sparing Shinjiro from the stairs. Goro placed
Taiyaki’s tank on the dresser, relieved to be free of the burden.
“It was good of them to let you have a fish,” Shinjiro said.
“When a Kirijo’s paying, they’d probably let me have about anything,” Goro said. “Within
reason.”
Shinjiro shook his head with a teasing expression. “I can’t believe you’re using your friends
for their money.”
“Very funny.” Goro crossed his arms. “Don’t you have places to be?”
“Oh yeah, you’re right.” Shinjiro reached into his pocket and pulled out a candy bar. “I have
a gift to give my friend for his birthday.”
Goro took the candy bar and raised his eyebrows. “Is this a tradition now?”
“You know it is.” Shinjiro shrugged. “I’m glad I was able to deliver it in person.”
Goro ripped off the wrapper and bit into the candy, his health be damned. “Do you want to go
somewhere? I don’t exactly know the layout of the town, but I think there’s a few restaurants
in the shopping district.”
Shinjiro glanced out the window. “It kind of looks like it’s about to rain,” he said, peering at
the dark clouds slowly overtaking the sky. “Maybe we should skip that. Do you have any
other forms of entertainment here?”
“There’s the television,” Goro said. He pointed to the large television sitting in the back of
the room.
“That stuff rots your brain.”
“It’s the content that rots your brain, not the screen itself,” Goro said. “But fair enough.”
They spent some time conversing before rain began to drum against the ceiling. Shinjiro
glared out the window. In the garden, a few unlucky guests were running for cover.
“Aki’s going to kill me if I get soaked. Something about my immune system.”
“Good thing you always wear that coat,” Goro said. “Give me a moment.”
Goro pulled an umbrella from his half-unpacked suitcase and escorted Shinjiro back to the
station.

“I’ll see you later, okay?” Shinjiro said as he was about to get on. “Don’t do anything stupid.”
“I’ll try my best,” Goro said grimly.
Shinjiro barked out a laugh that turned into a stream of hacking coughs. “Goodbye, Goro.”
Goro hated goodbyes. Especially with Shinjiro.
“See you later.”
“Yeah.”
Shinjiro gave Goro’s shoulder a gentle squeeze before stepping onto the train. Goro watched
it thunder off before turning in the direction of the local Junes. Not only did he need to
restock on school supplies, but he would like a few snacks to keep in his room. He couldn’t
rely on the food in the Amagi Inn forever.
After SEES destroyed the Dark Hour, Goro became much stingier with his money. He
already had a large sum saved up at the time, but it was much harder to keep it from running
out without Tartarus. Goro was very close to becoming broke, although Mitsuru had offered
to give him spending money out of her own account.
Goro would like to avoid that, but it was looking to be inevitable. He still had two more
birthdays before he could legally take a part time job.
Goro stepped inside the store and immediately caught sight of a man in a suit. Something
about him seemed oddly familiar, although Goro couldn’t imagine why. Maybe the careless
way he held himself reminded Goro of Sakamoto. Or did the suit remind him of his time with
Shido? The man wasn’t even shopping. He was just standing and looking bored.
Where did Goro recognize him from?
“Hey, kid,” the man said, clearly noticing he was being stared at. “What’s the matter? Lose
your parents or something?”
“I’m in middle school,” Goro said, bristling. He wasn’t as tall as some of his fellow
classmates. Ken was nearly an entire head taller than him, but that didn’t mean he was a
child.
“Oh, my bad.” The man frowned. “Um, do you need something? Because I’m kind of on
duty…”
“You’re a cop?” Goro asked sharply. He wasn’t wearing the uniform for it.
“A detective, technically. Adachi Tohru, at your service. Or not. Do you need service?”
“You’re a detective on duty in a Junes?” Goro asked, still confused. “Why are you just
standing around?”

“You must be new around here, huh?” Adachi sighed and shoved his hands into his pockets
with a woeful expression. “This town is so small that the police can't even do their jobs, so us
detectives have to pick up the slack as patrolmen. With all these murders and kidnappings,
we’re needed more than ever, so that’s why I’m here.”
Ah, so this was a cop who couldn’t take his job seriously. Better yet. Maybe Akechi had
recognized the expression he’d seen on plenty of other cops he had worked with. The flippant
disregard for power and responsibility.
Still, if Adachi couldn't take his job seriously, maybe Goro could use it to his advantage.
“If you’re a detective, you must know a lot about the murders happening,” Goro said
innocently.
“Well, there’s only been two you know,” Adachi said. “And, I mean, there’s no real way of
knowing that it’s not a suicide, although it probably isn’t…”
“I thought there was a kidnapping.”
“Oh, yeah, but she was returned safe and sound. Of course, now that Tatsumi kid’s missing,
but…” Adachi said. His eyes widened. “Actually, don’t worry about that. It was probably
completely unrelated, so it’s nothing to worry about. Don’t worry kid, you’re perfectly safe.”
“Tatsumi?” Goro asked.
“His mother is the owner of the textile shop not far from here,” Adachi said. “He went
missing, but that’s all I can tell you. He was always a bit of a punk if you ask me.”
“Right…” Goro frowned at the assessment. How careless could Adachi be? “Well, I should
be going. I’m sure I can figure the rest out on my own. Thank you for speaking with me.”
“Oh, kid, wait!” Adachi grabbed Goro’s arm before he could leave. “Try not to mention that I
told you about Tatsumi, alright? My partner will have my head for it.”
At least someone had a modicum of competence.
“Your secret is safe with me, Adachi-san.”
“And I hope you didn’t get offended by what I said about Tatsumi being a punk,” Adachi
said. “I’m sure you get a lot of comments like that, but Tatsumi actually acts like a punk, so
it’s different from you, who only has a really nasty scar… I’m just going to stop talking
now.”
Goro hated this man.
“It’s quite alright.” Goro laughed airily. “I’m afraid I got this scar in a mere accident a few
years ago, though. Nothing dramatic.”
“Ah, see? I keep putting my foot in my mouth.”

“Please, don’t worry about it.”

“Thou art I… and I am Thou
Thou hast established a new bond…

One that furthers thy voyage for redemption

Thou shalt be blessed when creating
Personas of the Jester Arcana…”

Seriously?
Adachi let go of him with a nod of relief. Goro stormed off.
Goro was going to have a social link with this lazy ass but not one with Akira? Who was the
one making these calls anyway? Igor? Igor’s master? Elizabeth? Whoever it was, Goro was
eager to have a talk with them.

Chapter End Notes

Don't panic guys.
I'm so sorry to y'all who wanted Akira to remember. Alas. He does not.
I was gonna say that Emiko strikes me as the sort of person to use kaomojis in excess
before I remembered that she's my character and I can just make that the truth. Crazy
how ocs work.
Things are gonna get spicy fast in this part so hang in there.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoy, and please be nice in the comments! <3

Chapter 44: June 2–6, 2011
Chapter Summary

One day, nanako will appear
It's not this day
But it will be one day

Chapter Notes

tw: throwing up, non consensual drug use, kidnapping, for the rest of part 2 we are
going to ASSUME references to murder, ptsd

See the end of the chapter for more notes

After Goro bought everything he needed, he cut through the shopping district to get back to
the inn. It was the first time he had actually been in the shopping district, and it had a variety
of family-owned businesses. Goro even spotted a coffee house he might like to try at some
point.
Its potential pleasantness was undercut by the closed-down buildings and the abandoned air
of the street. The rain made the atmosphere downright eerie. People were shopping, but the
Junes was far more populated.
It wasn’t hard to put two and two together.
Goro scowled at the reminder of the destructive effects of capitalism when a bright blue light
caught his peripheral vision. Goro stopped in his tracks and stared at the strangely shaped
blue door standing to his right. Nobody else was paying it any attention.
It was a Velvet Room door.
Why the hell was there a Velvet Room door in the middle of nowhere? Inaba was hardly what
Goro would call a center of human evil. It was not the place for world-ending calamity.
Feeling an overwhelming sense of dread, Goro approached the door and opened it. As per
usual, only a bright white light came through the door frame. Goro would actually have to
enter to see what was inside. Goro exhaled reluctantly.

Maybe it wasn’t a world-ending calamity. Maybe Theodore and Elizabeth just wanted to say
hello. Maybe Igor came to remind Goro that he had not forgotten him, as Goro had begun to
suspect.
Besides, if Goro fought shadows, Goro would acquire money. If Goro acquired money, he
wouldn’t have to ask Mitsuru for cash.
A small comfort.
Goro stepped inside of the Velvet Room. Maybe Igor would feel like giving out some
answers for once.
“Welcome back,” Igor said almost as soon as Goro entered. “We have been expecting you.”
Goro blinked. “What the hell happened to this place?”
The Velvet Room was no longer remotely reminiscent of an elevator with a massive clock
hanging on the back wall. Instead, Goro sat in a blue limousine. Bottles of wine sat in the
compartment to his left, and rolling fog filled the view outside the windows.
“This room changes to reflect the hearts of its guests,” Igor said. “But I’m sure you already
knew that.”
“There’s a new guest, I take it?”
Goro glanced at the two new Velvet Room attendants sitting beside Igor. Well, one was
definitely a Velvet Room attendant. Her golden hair and eyes, as well as her all blue outfit,
were a dead giveaway. Theodore sat beside her and waved cheerfully.
“It’s a pleasure to see you again, Goro-kun.”
“You too,” Goro said. “Don’t tell me that there are shadows in Inaba.”
Theodore frowned solemnly. “I will hold my piece, then.”
Fantastic. Just what Goro wanted to hear.
“Who is this?” the maybe-attendant asked, her black hair hidden underneath a blue hat. She
crossed her arms and glared at Goro with blue eyes that didn’t look golden in the slightest.
“Isn’t one guest bad enough?”
“Marie,” the new attendant snapped. She regained her composure quickly. “I apologize for
her. I am Margaret.”
Theodore’s older sister, then.
“Akechi Goro.”
“Yes,” Margaret said. “The others have told me much about you. Lavenza was extremely
taken with the aquarium.”

Goro had nearly forgotten about that. “It was nothing.”
“You know this kid?” Marie asked, still looking extremely irked by Goro’s presence.
“He is my guest,” Theodore said. “His contract has not yet been fulfilled.”
“Speaking of my contract,” Goro said. “I didn’t realize it was something that could be
fulfilled. What are the terms of that?”
“I believe I made them quite clear to you when you first entered this place,” Igor said. “That
you choose your fate of your own free will.”
“So the contract is fulfilled when I have chosen my fate. Is that it?” Goro asked.
“That is correct.”
“These murders, then,” Goro said. “Are they connected to the metaverse?”
“All will be revealed in time.”
Goro tried to make eye contact with Elizabeth to see if she would give him a straight answer
with her expression. Only the responsible faces of Margaret and Theodore stared back at him.
Damnit.

It was still pouring when Goro exited the Velvet Room. The rain soaked through his shoes
and socks even as he tried to avoid puddles in the sidewalk.
The attendant of the local gas station stood underneath the canopy with a passive expression
on their face. Goro tried not to feel jealous of how well they were avoiding the rain. They
would eventually have to leave their post, and unless the rain died down before that point,
they would have their own turn of getting soaking wet.
“Hey, stranger!” the attendant waved at Goro with an obnoxiously cheerful expression on
their face. “I haven’t seen you around. Are you new?”
“I recently moved here, yes,” Goro said. He wondered how many times he’d have to answer
that question. In such a small town, it made sense that everyone was abuzz over Goro’s
sudden appearance. He hoped the rumors that would inevitably sprout up about him wouldn’t
be too untoward.
“Have you heard about the midnight channel?”
The name rang a bell, but Goro couldn’t place why. “It sounds familiar,” he said.
“There’s a rumor spreading around recently that if you look at your television at midnight
during the rain, you’ll see your soulmate. People even say it works!”

A sudden memory came to Goro, unbidden. The story Akira had told him, years ago (or was
it years from now?), about the boy who saw the girl on his broken television. It had been
raining in that story, hadn’t it? Goro had forgotten that detail.
Had Akira’s story been inspired by the rumor? For all Goro knew, Akira’s ghost story was yet
another rumor that had spread around the classroom. Goro would keep an ear out for it.
“Do they now?”
“Why don’t you try it out for yourself?” the attendant asked. “It’s probably going to rain
through the night. You can tell me how it goes.”
“Have you tried it?”
“Would you believe me if I told you it worked?”
“Probably not,” Goro conceded. He didn’t know why, but something about the attendant
felt… off. He wanted to think it was his imagination, but the attendant’s long, curly bangs
were covering Goro’s view of their eyes.
Well, evil people didn’t need to have yellow eyes. And the Velvet Room attendants weren’t
evil at all.
Goro still felt a strange chill crawl up his spine as he started walking away. But when he
looked over his shoulder, the attendant was looking in the opposite direction.
Maybe it really was his imagination.
Regardless, Goro wanted to see this Midnight Channel for himself.

That night, Goro sat in front of his television and waited for the clock to strike midnight.
When it did, well…
A teenage boy did appear on the screen.
Goro knew he was gay, but if his soulmate was going to be so overt about his sexual exploits,
Goro was going to have to pass. The boy was in a bath house, no less. The idea of being in a
room with so much steam made his skin crawl.
It wasn’t all that surprising that the Midnight Channel turned out to be more than a rumor.
However, it was unlikely that the person shown on screen was really the viewer’s soulmate.
Metaverse anomalies never existed just to encourage love and lifelong bonds.
Despite Igor’s infuriating vagueness, Goro could connect the dots. The murders were almost
certainly connected to this Midnight Channel in some way. The question was how. Goro
touched the television experimentally. Nothing happened. It was the same as any old
television screen.

Could the person on screen have been Tatsumi Kanji? Goro didn’t know much about
Tatsumi, but it was certainly a possibility. Perhaps the kidnappings were a precursor to the
potential murders.
But the kidnapped girl had been rescued. Was someone already doing damage control?
No. This was far too much conjecture with too little evidence. Goro had to investigate before
jumping to conclusions. For all he knew, the kidnappings were completely separate from the
murders and the Midnight Channel. He’d ask around at school tomorrow.

Goro logically understood that it wasn’t Akira’s fault that he didn’t remember him. That logic
did not stop Goro from feeling extremely irritated about it.
His irrational irritation did not stop Akira from being the most convenient person to ask
questions the following morning.
When he arrived at the school about an hour early, he was surprised to find that Akira was
standing in the first-floor hallway and reading. A few students were standing off to the side
and chatting with one another, but Akira just stood quietly. His head was so close to his
textbook that nearly his entire face was hidden.
Goro remembered Akira always being surrounded by his endless gaggle of companions. He
assumed Akira had been popular his entire life. It was part of the reason that Goro was so
jealous of him in the first place.
Come to think of it, Akira had never talked to Goro about his life before Tokyo. Maybe his
lack of friends had something to do with it.
“Good morning, Kurusu-kun,” Goro said, forcing on a smile. “I’m surprised to see you here.”
Akira jumped and looked up from his book. “Oh, good morning… Akechi-kun, right?”
Goro nodded. “I know I’m new around here, and I had a few questions, if you don’t mind.”
Akira glanced at the clock before nodding. “Oh, sure. Shoot.”
“Have you heard of the Midnight Channel?”
Akira’s face paled suddenly. He looked away from Goro and shut his textbook with a quiet
thump. “Everybody knows about the midnight channel.”
“Do you know who the person shown on the television last night was?”
“I try not to watch it,” Akira said. “But, yeah. It’s Tatsumi Kanji. He’s a first year in the high
school.”
That confirmed Goro’s suspicions, at least. It did bring a few more questions less relevant to
the case.

“You try not to watch it?” Goro asked. “Why?”
Akira stared at Goro with a contemplative expression before shaking his head. “You wouldn’t
believe me.”
“That’s not very fair, is it?” Goro asked. “I’m new here. I might not share the same beliefs as
everyone else in this town.”
Akira gave Goro a mistrustful expression before sighing. “I think the people on the Midnight
Channel are being forced to perform like that,” he said. “They’re all kidnapped when they
appear, and they do things they would never do in real life. And I think…” Akira trailed off.
“You think?” Goro asked promptingly.
Akira scowled. “I think that’s what happened to the two people who were murdered.”
Very astute. But that was why the Phantom Thieves gravitated toward Akira as a leader. He
was certainly more capable of connecting the dots than his peers.
“You can laugh now,” Akira said. His scowl faded into deep resignation. “I know that
kidnappers don’t have a very good reason to put people on television. And I know broken
televisions shouldn’t work at midnight anyway. The midnight channel’s just a rumor for a
reason, after all.”
“I believe you,” Goro said.
Akira’s eyes widened. “Really?”
“I’ve seen the Midnight Channel with my own eyes,” he said. “So that’s hardly an obstacle.
And your conclusion makes sense.”
“But Amagi didn’t die.”
“Amagi? Like the inn?”
Akira nodded. “Amagi Yukiko was the other one who was kidnapped. She’s the heiress to the
inn. It wasn’t officially announced, but everyone in town knew she was missing. She showed
up on the midnight channel too.”
Akira was right about her being rescued, of course, but it was looking more likely that the
kidnappings, murders, and the Midnight Channel were all connected. If there was another
wildcard in town, they were likely involved in Amagi’s rescue.
Good. Goro could focus on making sure Akira stayed out of trouble. He’d try to track down
this wild card later, but he wasn’t going to make it a priority. Without a Shinjiro to tell Goro
exactly who to talk to, it would be hard to pinpoint who exactly had the potential, even in
such a small community.
Unless, of course, he staked out the Velvet Room, which was not completely plausible when
Goro had school and other responsibilities. He’d use that only as a last resort.

“Thank you for your help, Kurusu-kun.”
“I didn’t do much.” Kurusu stared down at his closed textbook with an embarrassed
expression. “Thank you for believing me.”
“Of course.”

“Thou art I… and I am Thou
Thou hast established a new bond…

One that furthers thy voyage for redemption

Thou shalt be blessed when creating
Personas of the Priestess Arcana…”

An absurd amount of relief flooded Goro’s stomach. He did have a social link with Akira. He
just hadn’t been patient enough for it. Maybe things weren’t as hopeless as he thought.
Akira glanced at the clock again before continuing to read his textbook quietly. Goro couldn’t
think of anything else to say and silently went to his classroom.
Or maybe things would remain awkward for the rest of their lives.

For the rest of the week, Goro made no headway in either the case or his relationship with
Akira. As a matter of fact, the two had hardly exchanged any words with each other for the
rest of the week apart from a daily “good afternoon”.
It shouldn’t matter. Goro was smarter than this. Goro knew better than to be so concerned
over something as trivial as friendship. Akira was not Joker. Goro had to respect that. He had
to stop being so sentimental over a time long lost to him.
A few days after Goro saw him on the Midnight Channel, Tatsumi returned from being
kidnapped.
When Goro was in the shopping district, he caught sight of Tatsumi standing outside of the
textile shop and glaring at a pair of sniggering teenagers. Tatsumi was barely recognizable
from his display on the Midnight Channel. His black clothing really did look like Tatsumi

wanted to join a biker gang, and he looked as though he would die before entering a
bathhouse to search for men to make out with.
Even standing a few meters away, Goro could hear the teenager’s hushed whispers as they
glanced in Tatsumi’s direction. Tatsumi shouted at them to screw off, and they ran off with
terrified expressions.
Goro glowered in disgust. Regardless, laughing at someone to their face was cruel, but for all
they knew, Tatsumi had been at gunpoint. He could have been close to death. He likely was
close to death. And all they could do was gossip? To laugh in his presence with no regard for
the trauma he faced?
“Hey, kid!” Tatsumi shouted, catching sight of Goro’s disgusted expression. “What are you
looking at?”
“Oh, nothing,” Goro said. “I’m glad to see you’re safe.”
“Do I know you?”
“No.” Goro smiled as apologetically as possible. “Rumor spreads fast, I’m afraid.”
Tatsumi grunted and looked away with a frustrated expression. Goro continued to walk back
to the inn.
Irritation seized Goro when he spotted Adachi standing by the corner of the gas station.
Between his floundering relationship with Akira, the fact he was sentimental enough to be
upset about it, the lack of concern for Tatsumi from his peers, and the sheer carelessness of
the detective standing before him, Goro had very little reason to be cheerful.
Adachi clearly thought otherwise.
“Hey, it’s you!” He waved Goro over, and Goro reluctantly approached him. “How has the
detective work been going?”
“Swimmingly,” Goro said. “Care to give me any more classified information?”
Adachi shook his head. “Nope. No can do. Sorry. Better luck next time.”
Goro bristled. “Why did you call me over if you didn’t have anything to say?”
“I can’t want to know the potential of our future police force?” Adachi asked. He chuckled
nervously.
Goro snorted. “Funny.”
“What’s so funny? I was being serious.”
“I’m not joining the police,” Goro said. “I’m not that stupid.”

“Hey, remember who you’re talking to.” Adachi crossed his arms. “You could get in trouble
for that kind of talk.”
“Last I checked, I had the freedom of speech,” Goro said. “But if you take me in for stating
an opinion, you’ll only be proving my point.”
Adachi sighed and shook his head. “Nah, I’m not an asshole. I get it. This job is more than a
bunch of noble people wanting to save lives.”
“Yeah?” Goro raised his eyebrows. “Why did you join?”
“Ah, well, it’s a little embarrassing,” Adachi said. He scratched the back of his head. “I guess
I had it in my head that it would be like the movies, you know? Turns out its nothing but
standing around and doing paperwork.”
Every time Goro spoke with Adachi, which was admittedly only twice so far, Goro found
new reasons to lose all respect for him.
“Isn’t there still a murder case?” Goro asked.
“Yeah, but we can’t find any leads,” Adachi said. “We thought maybe that Amagi was lying
low, but– shit.”
Goro nodded with an unimpressed expression. “What was that about classified information?”
“Well, we were wrong, so it’s not going to be much help to you now. Hey! Maybe you can
help us. Got any clue about who the killer might be?”
“Ever considered that one of your own might be the killer? Maybe even you.” Goro asked,
mostly just to screw with him. Goro didn’t know nearly enough about Adachi to make any
genuine claims. “You’re a detective; nobody would suspect that you were investigating the
very case you were guilty of.”
Adachi rolled his eyes. “Ha ha, very funny.” He grinned. “What motive are you pinning on
me, mini-detective?”
“You said it yourself,” Goro said. “This is a boring town. Maybe you wanted to spice things
up. You tell me.”
“I’ll let you know once I’ve actually killed someone,” Adachi said. He still smiled, looking
mostly unbothered by the accusation. He raised his eyebrows up and down in a knowing
manner. “What about you? Maybe you’re the killer.”
“You would have absolutely no evidence supporting you,” Goro said. “I lived in Iwatodai
until a week ago. I wasn’t even near Inaba during the time of the murders, and I have
witnesses who can corroborate my alibi. What motive would I have to kill an announcer and
a student anyway?”
“Damn.” Adachi whistled. “You had that ready to go.”

“I’m always prepared.”
“Evidently.” Adachi’s grin shifted into a more concerned expression. “Still, you shouldn’t go
around accusing people willy-nilly like that, kid. You might piss off the wrong people.”
“I was just pointing out the possibilities,” Goro said. “Just because you’re law enforcement
doesn’t mean you’re immune from breaking the law.”
“Good point.” Adachi’s smiled again, stuffing his hands into his pockets. “Are you sure you
don’t want a detective job? When you’re older, obviously. I don’t think anyone on the force
would be happy about being bossed around by a little kid.”
“I’m thirteen,” Goro said through gritted teeth. He was well aware how young thirteen was,
but it hardly constituted as little.
Adachi was entirely unapologetic. “It all blurs together after a certain point.” He sighed.
“You certainly chose an interesting time to move here, though.”
“I was concerned for my friend’s safety,” Goro said. He hesitated a moment. He was
genuinely curious if the police were taking the Midnight Channel seriously as a lead. “What
do you think of this Midnight Channel?”
“Oh, you mean that rumor?” Adachi asked. “I mean, it’s just a story kids are telling each
other, right?”
“Maybe,” Goro said. No wonder Akira had become so defensive if the police instantly
brushed off the notion of the Midnight Channel even existing.
“If soulmates were real, maybe I’d have a girlfriend by now,” Adachi said. “But hey, maybe I
will give that midnight channel thing a try. It might give me a clue on where to start looking.”
“I think fruitful relationships don’t start with a television telling you your soulmate,” Goro
said dryly.
“Fruitful, huh?” Adachi grinned. “Does that mean I should ask a girl out by giving her an
apple?”
Goro grimaced. Adachi’s joke couldn’t really be considered a pun, but it put him on edge
regardless. “Please don’t.”
Adachi exhaled. “Well, duty calls. You should probably get going, kid.”
“Ah, yes, your very important duty of standing on the edge of the block, talking to middle
schoolers,” Goro said. “I can see you take your job very seriously.”
“It’s not my fault that nothing happens in this town,” Adachi said. “Except for the occasional
murder, obviously.”
“Obviously.”

Jester Arcana: Rank 2

“And then he tells me that nothing happens in this town, even though there’s a serial murder
case going on!” Akechi exclaimed as he completed his final math problem on his homework
sheet. He threw down his pencil and raised his hands in exasperation. “And then it ranks up!”
Over the phone, Minato hummed agreeingly. “You should’ve heard some of the stuff Tanaka
said to me before my social link ranked up. It was ridiculous.”
“I still can’t believe you made a social link with the man from the home shopping program,”
Goro muttered furiously.
“It was kinda weird.”
“You know what I need?” Goro muttered to himself, shoving his textbooks back into his bag.
“Coffee.”
“Is that going to cure you of your frustration?” Minato asked in a doubtful tone.
Goro picked his phone up off the ground and stood up. “When has it failed?”
“Ryoji says its too late for coffee,” Minato reported.
“We’ve had coffee at far later times than now,” Goro retorted. “I thought I saw a coffee house
at the shopping district. Maybe caffeine will improve my mood.”
“Good luck,” Minato said.
Goro hung up and put his phone on the table as he searched for his wallet. Upon finding it, he
left the room without another word.
Goro chose a bad time for a craving; it was already quite dark outside. Inaba nights were
starkly different from nights in the city. Whereas the city never truly fell asleep–there were
always noises and lights–Inaba was so silent that Goro could hear his own breathing. He
spotted a few students hanging out together in the shopping district, but that was it. Goro
could see the stars clearly. It was uncanny.
Unfortunately for Goro, upon his arrival, the coffee house was already closed. Typical.
Deciding he still needed caffeine, he grabbed a soda can from a vending machine and began
chugging the liquid sugar. It was so disgusting that Goro had half a mind to spit it out, but he
hated wasting money. He finished the drink and threw it into the trash can with extra vigor.
This day kept going from bad to worse.
The street leading to the Amagi inn was emptier than the shopping district. It clearly wasn’t
considered a hub for socialization. An old car parked on the side of the road was the only
remotely unusual thing in sight.

Therefore, it was very obvious when another pair of footsteps suddenly appeared behind him.
His chest tightening, Goro began to turn toward the sound. He’d barely moved his head when
a hand grabbed Goro firmly by the shoulder and yanked him backwards. Goro’s back hit
another body violently. A painful prick entered the side of his neck. Goro opened his mouth
to shout, but a hand was slapped over his mouth. Only a muffled cry escaped instead.
Hell no. Not again. He refused to let this happen again.
His movements felt slow and heavy as he attempted to elbow the person behind him. His
attacker gripped his wrist tightly, and Goro couldn’t manage to twist it out of their grasp.
He was being dragged somewhere, but where? Goro couldn’t let himself be moved. He
refused to comply.
Goro’s vision was already blurring, but he stomped on his attacker’s foot as hard as he could.
Although he wasn’t at his full strength, Goro heard a sharp cry. He bit down on the gloved
hand covering his mouth–

Akechi wasn’t at school.
Akira thought something was strange as soon as Akechi didn’t come in before the rest of the
students. As students began to fill the halls and head to their classrooms, Akira kept his eyes
peeled for Akechi’s sudden appearance. Maybe he had an emergency. Maybe he was sick.
Twenty minutes before classes started, Akira was forced to leave to get to his own school.
Akechi still hadn’t arrived. For some reason, Akira felt a sick sense of dread churn in his
stomach. It was probably nothing. He was probably reading too much into things. He always
did have an active imagination; it was why he was always failing in his studies. That’s what
his mom always said anyway.
Akira just had to focus on his lessons. Akechi would probably be back tomorrow. Maybe he
was just running really late. There was nothing to worry about. Nothing at all.

“Good morning, Goro.”
Goro blinked. A heavy fog seemed to have come over his mind, or was he literally lying in a
cloud of fog? It was hard to tell. He attempted to sit up, but a wave of nausea rose up within
him. He swallowed down the urge to vomit and collapsed backwards again.
“I wouldn’t do that if I were you.”
Goro could hear footsteps pacing back and forth. They seemed unnaturally loud to his ears,
like someone was slamming a gavel repeatedly.
Thump, thump, thump.

“Who are you?” Goro asked. His voice was slurred and distant. What the hell had his
kidnapper drugged him with?
“I’m so glad you asked,” his kidnapper said. Goro attempted to peer through the fog to see
him, but he couldn’t focus on his face. It was hard to focus on much of anything at all. “I’m
you.”
What?
Goro forced himself to sit up again. He refused to lie down and allow himself to be pushed
around like last time. He wasn’t helpless. No matter how much these drugs would hinder
him, he would find a way out of this place.
“You’re not thinking of leaving, are you?” his kidnapper asked. Now that he had put the idea
in Goro’s head, Goro couldn’t help but to notice how uncannily similar his voice was to his
own. It was like someone had decided to start playing one of Goro’s old television broadcasts
from his time as the detective prince. “But the fun hasn’t even begun!”
“I don’t know who you are, or what you want with me,” Goro snarled. He stood up and began
to walk, trying his hardest not to sway or stumble. Hopefully, the fog would reveal a door if
he just kept walking in the same direction. “But I want no part of it.”
“Don’t be an idiot,” his kidnapper said. “You’ll die if you go out there. Do you really think
you’ll be able to fend for yourself without me helping you?”
Goro froze. The words were so hauntingly similar that he felt as though a spider was
crawling up his back.
“Do I know you?”
The silhouette of his kidnapper came into focus as he approached Goro. When he finally saw
his smiling face, Goro stumbled backwards.
Akechi’s unblemished face stared back at him, looking not a day younger than eighteen years
old.
Goro had almost forgotten what the Detective Prince looked like.
“Don’t you understand?” his doppelganger asked. “I thought you would have caught on the
first time, but I guess we’re not as smart as I realized.”
His look-alike wore a black suit with a white pinstripe shirt and orange tinted glasses that
Goro had never worn in his life. Never dreamed of wearing.
Goro didn’t faint, but the nausea he had been fighting came back with a vengeance.
“Don’t you get it yet? I am you.”
Goro vomited all over his shadow’s shiny black shoes.

Chapter End Notes

I did say things were gonna get spicy real fast.
Here's a fun fact: Adachi was originally going to be the Hermit Arcana, but then Takaya
decided to be important, so here we are.
And look! Akira did get a social link. Goro panicked because Akira didn't remember and
the lack of immediate social link was the final nail in the coffin. But Akechi had known
Junpei for over a month before any social link action happened there.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3
ALSO, it might be too late for this, but for the few of you who haven't played p4, I
advise you read other comments with caution. They're pretty spoiler heavy. No shame in
that, just be careful.
and non-p4 people, I know I'm throwing you into the thick of it at the moment.
Hopefully things get less confusing as time goes on. Just bear with me.

Chapter 45: June 6–8, 2011
Chapter Summary

Prepare to be a little confused
Non p4 players, prepare to pull up a lot of images of characters on a separate tab

Chapter Notes

tw: ptsd, self loathing, referenced death, referenced suicide, panic attacks, referenced
child abuse, panic attacks

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“Look at this mess.” Goro’s shadow made a noise of disgust at his ruined shoes. “Are you
going to clean this up?”
“I’m hallucinating,” Goro whispered. He had to be hallucinating. There was no way that he
was actually looking at his shadow. The thing wearing Shido’s suit was not him.
Persona users couldn’t have shadows. Goro checked. He scoured mementos. He put his name
in the metanav repeatedly before finally trusting that Shido couldn’t unexpectedly kill him
without warning.
Besides, shadows matched the person’s age. The imposter before Goro was the same age
Goro had been when he died. Not thirteen.
The drugs that had been injected into him were obviously very potent. Hallucinations were
just a side effect. Goro needed to ignore it.
Goro started to turn away from the hallucination. It grabbed him tightly by the shoulder. The
sort of tight hold that promised to never let go.
Goro could feel his hallucination touching him. What was in those drugs?
Panic coursed through Goro’s veins as he tried to fling his doppelganger off himself. Being
far shorter, Goro had no leverage, and the shadow didn’t even move. In response, he flung
Goro all the way across the room. Goro flew into a desk, which shuddered backwards. Pens
and paperweights clattered to the ground. Goro hunched over himself on all fours, gasping in
shallow breaths.

What the hell was going on?
“Come on, Goro,” his shadow said. His shoes clicked against the polished wooden floor. His
silhouette in the fog grew closer. “You know what I am. You know what I mean.”
“That’s impossible,” Goro said. He felt dazed. None of this could be real. “I have a persona! I
have multiple!”
“Oh yeah?” Goro’s shadow grabbed Goro by the scruff of his shirt and pulled him upwards.
Goro attempted to kick his shadow back, but the drugs were still inhibiting his ability to put
up much of a fight at all. “Where I come from, you have to prove you’re worth something.
Where is this persona of yours?”
Goro didn’t have his evoker, but this wasn’t the Dark Hour. It was easily possible that this
version of the metaverse didn’t require any extra assistance in summoning personas.
“Hereward!”
Goro waited for the exhilarating rush that would cause Hereward to burst into the foggy
room.
Nothing happened.
Panicked adrenaline began to course through Goro’s veins. “Loki!”
No one.
“Robin Hood!”
Goro couldn’t breathe. Goro couldn’t breathe. His one protection for so many years. The one
thing that helped him to sleep at night; the promise of being able to defend himself if
something happened. It was gone. It had been stripped away from him suddenly and without
remorse. He couldn't summon his personas. He might as well not have personas at all. He
didn’t have any weapons apart from his room key, which wouldn’t do much against a shadow.
“What a let down,” Goro’s shadow sighed. “I’m disappointed. Are you really this weak?”
Goro roared and launched himself at his shadow. He aimed for those taunting golden eyes,
ready to rip them from his shadow’s skull. He didn’t care about the consequences. He
couldn’t stand to hear this self-serving bastard any longer.
His shadow’s laugh was so gleeful that Goro felt he was going to be sick again. The shadow
shoved Goro backwards before Goro could hurt him. “I think you need to calm down. Maybe
a nap?”
Goro stumbled and raised his hands to defend his face. His shadow lifted snapped his fingers
and–

It was six a.m. on a Tuesday morning when Mitsuru received a rather concerning call from
Ken.
“Goro’s not answering any of his texts,” he said immediately. “Or phone calls.”
“What?” Mitsuru asked sharply.
The last time Goro hadn’t answered his phone at all, Strega had kidnapped him. And Inaba
wasn’t exactly a safe place at the moment. What had Mitsuru been thinking, allowing Goro to
go to a place with an active murder case? Goro could take care of himself, yes, but he had a
penchant for getting into trouble.
“It started yesterday,” Ken said. “We were hoping he had just run out of batteries, or maybe
the reception in the country is bad, you know? But we still haven’t received any word from
him, and Emiko and I are getting worried.”
“Naturally,” Mitsuru said, a pit of anxiety forming within her. “I need to make some calls.”
She immediately called the phone attached to Goro’s room at the Amagi Inn. When she was
sent to voice mail, she called the Amagi Inn’s front desk. A receptionist quickly answered.
“This is the Amagi Inn; how can I help you?”
“Good morning,” Mitsuru said, wrapping her hair around her pointer finger so tightly that it
cut off circulation. “My name is Kirijo Mitsuru. I am currently paying for a room for my
ward. He hasn’t answered the phone, and I was hoping someone could knock on his door to
check on him.”
“Of course. Just a moment.”
Mitsuru was put on hold, and she paced back and forth in her room as she waited for a
response. More scenarios ran through her mind. Maybe Goro had fallen ill and couldn’t get
help. Maybe he was caught up in some sort of accident. But Inaba was small. Surely the
crime wasn’t dreadful, or, at least, it wouldn’t go unnoticed.
“Kirijo-san?” the receptionist asked after about ten minutes.
“Yes?” Mitsuru asked, holding her breath.
“We’re very sorry, but Akechi-san isn’t in his room.”
“Were there any signs of a struggle?” Mitsuru asked.
“The bed was made, and the door was locked. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary. We didn’t
search any of the drawers.”
“Good,” Mitsuru said. She pinched the bridge of her nose. “Alright. Thank you for your help.
Please call me if you see him.”
She hung up and dialed Yasogami Middle.

“Good morning. This is Kirijo Mitsuru speaking,” she said, feeling somewhat breathless.
Mitsuru inhaled deeply; she couldn’t afford to lose her composure. “Could I ask if Akechi
Goro attended class yesterday?”
After waiting for a moment, she received her answer. “He was marked absent from class
yesterday.”
“Has he arrived today yet?”
“I’m afraid not, ma’am.”
Shit.
“Thank you very much,” Mitsuru said, hanging up again. Goro didn’t have any friends in
Inaba. She couldn’t ask them if they had seen Goro recently. And it wasn’t like Goro to not
go to school, much less ignore his phone.
Mitsuru called Goro’s cellphone, just to be safe. As she predicted, she received no response.
After a quick search on the internet, she dialed Inaba’s police department.
“Inaba police department.”
“Hello,” Mitsuru said, dropping all pleasantries. “I would like to file a missing persons
report.”

When Goro woke up, his mind was clearer. The side effects of the drugs must have been
wearing off.
He sat up and only felt slightly sick. The scratching of pen against paper loudly echoed from
the back of the room. What was his shadow even doing?
Never mind his shadow, Goro needed to figure out where the hell he was. If there was a
shadow, then he was likely in a palace. But it wasn’t like any palace he had ever seen.
Normally, Goro was able to actually see what was in front of him in a palace. And palaces
didn’t make his head hurt just from trying to look through the murky fog in front of him.
Was it natural for someone to be inside their own palace? Perhaps the strain was killing him?
Oracle had managed to survive the experience, but it was possible that she was an anomaly.
Or, this was a different facet of the metaverse like the Dark Hour, and Goro wasn’t in a
palace at all.
Regardless, Goro needed to find a way out. He stood up and walked as slowly as possible in
the opposite direction of his shadow. It was optimistic to hope that his shadow wouldn’t
notice him, but Goro was far too defenseless to put up any sort of fight.
The sound of the pen scratching stopped, and Goro froze.

“Do you want to know a secret?” Goro’s shadow asked. Goro heard a chair scrape against the
wood floors. Footsteps approached.
“Not particularly.” Goro kept walking, quickening his pace, but already he could hear the
footsteps gaining on him.
Goro’s shadow came into full view, smiling with all his teeth as he stepped in front of Goro’s
path. He towered over him, which was impressive. Even at eighteen, Goro had never been
that tall.
Goro stopped walking, trying to figure out his next move.
His shadow’s eyes glinted. “We are obsessed with power.”
“I’m sorry?”
“I know you’ve noticed my little outfit,” his shadow said, gesturing to his suit and glasses.
“Do you like it?”
“If you’re so convinced that you are an accurate representation of me, then you know the
answer.”
“I love it,” Goro’s shadow said. “It’s expensive. It represents everything I couldn’t have.
Everything I worked for–”
“What the hell are you talking about?” Goro asked.
He didn’t like this. He hated this. Shadows were supposed to reveal the dirty truth, but they
weren’t supposed to be inaccurate depictions. Goro hated that suit. He would never dream of
wearing that suit, of looking anything like Shido.
“Don’t you get it?” Impatience bled into his shadow’s voice. “This suit is power.”
“I don’t care what it is!” Goro shouted, feeling his chest tighten. “I hate that thing—”
“You deny it?” Goro’s shadow laughed. “After that little panic attack you had over not having
any personas? Over being powerless? You’re going to look me in the eyes and say you don’t
value it.”
“I’m not Shido,” Goro said. He couldn’t believe this even had to be said. “I don’t want to
take over Japan. I don’t want to lord over others–”
“Don’t make me laugh,” Goro’s shadow said. “Is that what you tell yourself when you sleep
at night?” His voice went into a mocking pitch. “I’m nothing like my father. I’m different.
I’m going to break the cycle of manipulation and death–”
“Shut up!” Goro punched his shadow in the face. His shadow barely blinked, and Goro’s
knuckles burst in pain. Goro hissed in pain and nursed his fist.

“You’re only proving my point,” his shadow took a step forward, and Goro instinctively took
a step back. “Akechi Goro is nothing like Shido Masayoshi. He only punishes the people who
deserve it.”
“Stop talking.”
“He only hurts those who are in his way.”
“I swear to god–”
“People are only collateral damage when it comes to his grand schemes–”
“Could you shut your mouth for five fucking seconds!”
Goro’s heavy breathing filled the room. He felt a migraine coming on, but maybe it would
distract him from the words coming out of his shadow’s mouth.
He wasn’t like Shido. He was nothing like Shido. He refused to listen to what this monster
had to say. He couldn’t.
His shadow smirked and grabbed Goro by his hair. Goro choked on his gasp of pain as his
shadow yanked him upwards.
“He only shouts at brats who don’t know their goddamn place.”

Yosuke hated high school. More specifically, he hated the homework that came with it.
It was a big relief to have Kanji’s bathhouse dungeon out of their minds. Those enemies had
been difficult, and it had taken them way longer than they expected to rescue Kanji in time.
Fortunately, crisis had been averted. They saved Kanji, and Yosuke had more time to hang
out with his partner. So, naturally, Yosuke spent the entire day with Yu.
Unfortunately, Yosuke now had a ton of homework all due tomorrow.
As Yosuke toiled away over conjugations and math equations, rain started drumming against
his window. Yosuke bit back the urge to groan. Hadn’t they seen enough rain this past week?
Tomorrow’s forecast was rainy sure, but did that really have to extend to the night?
Please let it be already past midnight, Yosuke prayed to whatever might be listening. I do
not want to deal with the Midnight Channel and homework at the same time—
No such luck. With buzzing static, Yosuke’s television burst to life. Yosuke froze and looked
up at the screen.
It was too early for anyone to appear, right? Kanji had only just been rescued!

The Midnight Channel clearly thought otherwise. It wasn’t even a vague silhouette on the
staticky screen. Instead, a middle schooler wearing a red and white feather Hawke shirt
appeared on the screen. A red costume cape one might find at Junes was tied around his
shoulders, but the kid’s truly distinctive feature was the lumpy red scar across his cheek. The
injury looked like it was probably at least a year old.
Apart from those concerning implications, the kid looked so… normal compared to other
appearances on the Midnight Channel. Then again, the kid stood inside a massive hallway
with a red carpet and huge columns. Maybe some sort of government building?
“Good evening, everyone,” the kid said. “I am Akechi Goro, reporting to you live. I’m on the
hunt for a refuge. That’s right: even heroes need a break, and I’m going to find the safest
place in the entire world to make my hideout. Once I find it, no one will be able to hurt me,
and I know exactly where to start looking. Stay tuned!”
The television turned off. Yosuke stared at the screen blankly.
Did the killer put a kid in the television? Like a proper kid? Seriously?
Homework could wait. Yosuke pulled out his phone and quickly called Yu, who answered
almost immediately.
“Hey, man!” Yosuke said, unable to keep some of the panic out of his voice. “Did you see the
Midnight Channel?”
“Yeah…” Yu yawned. “Woke me up. Didn’t recognize the kid, though.”
“Me neither,” Yosuke said. “Maybe it’s because we’re both relatively new here. Let me call
Yukiko and Chie. They probably know who he is.”
Yu made a noise in the affirmative, and Yosuke quickly dialed Chie’s number.
“Hey, Chie,” Yosuke said.
“Yosuke!” Chie sounded about as panicked as Yosuke felt. “Did you see the midnight
channel? There was some middle schooler on there!”
“Yeah, I saw it, Chie.” Yosuke grimaced at her volume. “I actually wanted to know if you
recognized him from anywhere.”
“What, that Akechi kid?” Chie hummed. “Nope. Never heard of him. I’m not even sure I
know of any Akechis in general, actually. I’ll go ask Yukiko. Give me a minute.”
Chie hung up. A few minutes later, she called again.
“Yukiko knows!” Chie cheered. “He’s actually been staying at her family’s inn. She said
she’d ask her parents more about him later.”
“Awesome.” Yosuke let out a breath of relief. Teddie would have been a royal pain in the ass
if they had no information on this kid. His nose was becoming less than reliable as of late.

Yosuke got a text from Yu saying that they’d meet up at Junes after school. Yosuke hoped
that they’d have some proper clues by that time.

Akechi-kun was on the Midnight Channel.
Akira had fallen asleep doing his homework again. He woke up to the sound of Akechi-kun’s
voice, and a pit had fallen in his stomach.
Was this going to be like last time? Would Akria see Akechi hanging from a telephone pole?
Akira might not have known Akechi for that long, but he didn’t want him to die.
Tatsumi and Amagi-senpai had been rescued in time. Maybe Akechi would be rescued too.
As the television turned off again, Akira tried not to feel sick. He could already imagine the
sort of torture his kidnappers must be putting Akechi through to get him to act like this for
them.
If only there was some way for Akira to save him himself.

A shiny black limousine at least the length of two ordinary cars sat parked outside of the
police station. Everyone stared at it as they walked to school. Yosuke caught sight of a
familiar looking woman with distinctive long red hair entering the station, but he couldn’t
remember where he recognized her from.
When he arrived in his homeroom, Yosuke slid into his desk next to Yu’s. Yukiko sat in the
row in front of him, so he leaned forward and asked, “Do you know anything new about the
Akechi kid?”
Yukiko frowned at the students gossiping about the limousine.
“I already told Yu I’d talk about it after school,” she said. “Then Kanji-kun can hear it too.”
Yosuke glanced at Yu, who nodded. Yosuke huffed. “Fine.”
School (as always) stretched on agonizingly, but finally, finally Yosuke was set free. As
usual, the team met in the Junes food court. The table felt a little more crowded with Kanji
sitting around it with them, but not uncomfortable. And it was a relief to have more backup in
the TV world.
When everyone was there, Yukiko was finally willing to provide an explanation.
“My parents weren’t willing to tell me the details,” Yukiko said. “But I figured a bit out for
myself just through eavesdropping. Apparently, Akechi-kun’s parents are extremely rich.
They wanted him to get a taste for the countryside, so he’s living at the Amagi Inn for an
extended time.”

Yu frowned. “Really rich?” he asked. “Could that have something to do with the limo parked
outside of the police station?”
“Oh, yeah, I was stunned when I saw that thing,” Kanji said. “You don’t get a lot of famous
folk here in Inaba.”
“Yeah, but if Akechi-kun’s rich, shouldn’t we recognize him from the news or something?”
Chie asked. “I mean, I don’t think Akechi’s a prominent name at all.”
“Another thing,” Yosuke said. “Why would a rich kid have a secret part of himself that
wanted to be safe?”
“Oh, I know!” Chie said. “Maybe he’s been kidnapped for ransom before! I’m sure I’ve seen
something like that in movies.”
“Kidnapped for ransom, are you kidding me?” Kanji asked. “If he’d been kidnapped before,
he’d be staying in a place far safer than some random inn.”
“It’s true,” Yukiko said. “I’m afraid our security isn’t as up to date as it should be.”
“It was just an idea,” Chie said, crossing her arms and sulking.
“You don’t think that his parents are abusive?” Yu asked quietly. He stared at a stain on the
cheap metal table. “Maybe that’s why he doesn’t feel safe.”
“You’re not saying that he got that scar from his parents?” Chie asked, her eyes widening.
“Anything’s possible,” Yu said. “It’s an explanation, at least.”
“But… he’s not living with his parents right now,” Yukiko said.
“That doesn’t mean you feel safe immediately,” Yu said defensively. He scowled. “It can take
weeks to realize that you’re in a different situation. Besides, his parents are clearly close at
hand if they can just drive in with a limousine.”
The idea made Yosuke feel sick, but it wasn’t out of the question.
“Maybe we should ask around,” Yosuke said. “Surely there’s someone who knows him,
right?”
“Other than his parents?” Yukiko asked.
“They might still be at the police station,” Kanji said. “As much as I would like to go guns
blazing, I think Yu’s uncle will get really suspicious if we start asking people questions in his
own police station.”
“You’re right,” Yu said. “I’ll talk to the parents later. For now, focus on getting information
from other people.”
“I’ll come with you,” Yosuke said.

Yu frowned. “I can handle it myself.”
“They’re rich,” Yosuke pointed out. “If we’re right about how they’ve been treating Akechikun, they could hurt you without suffering any consequences. I should be there just in case.”
“Abusers rarely show their true colors in public.”
“Still,” Yosuke said stubbornly. “I’m your partner. I want to be there.”
Yu sighed, but Yosuke thought he saw some relief on his partner’s face. “Fine.”
“You know,” Kanji said. “I think I saw that Akechi kid the other day. He was kind of staring
at me with a funny expression. Not that that’s anything new. But still. He said he was glad I
was safe.”
“Gossip travels fast,” Chie said. “His classmates must have told him you had gone missing.”
“Yeah, he said that too,” Kanji said. He clenched his fists, wearing a frustrated expression.
“He seemed like a pretty nice kid. The thought of anyone hurting him makes me so angry,
dammit!”
“We’ll get to the bottom of this,” Yu promised. “We always do.”

As Goro’s head cleared, he found it slightly easier to see through the fog. This ability was not
as much as a comfort as Goro had hoped it would be.
Goro was trapped inside Shido’s office. The desk, the sofas, the bookshelves, even the
window overlooking the city was exactly the same as it was in Tokyo. Goro’s shadow sat at
Shido’s desk, staring at Goro with an amused expression.
Goro felt sick.
“You have to accept me, you know,” Goro’s shadow said tauntingly. “I’m you.”
“If I accept you, will you go away?”
“That’s right.”
Goro grit his teeth. The idea of accepting that this monster had ever been him was sickening.
“Fine,” he said. “I accept you.”
Goro’s shadow sighed. “I didn’t realize you were that pathetic of a liar. We’re so good at
manipulating others into doing our bidding–”
“Can you stop?” Goro snapped. He stood up and found that it was easier to stay standing
without feeling sick. “You keep comparing me to Shido, but I was nothing like him–”

“I’ve already drawn up the comparisons for you,” Goro’s shadow said. “Do I really need to
continue?”
“I only wanted to put an end to his bullshit–”
“You’re the one full of bullshit.” Goro’s shadow laughed. “If you wanted to put an end to
him, you could have killed him. You wouldn’t have worked with him. You wouldn’t have
killed hundreds of people for the sake of stopping his evil. Face it, you were only after
revenge.”
“Fine!” Goro shouted. “You’re right! I was a murderer! I was after revenge. That still doesn’t
make me like him! Shido only cared about himself!”
“Revenge is selfish!” Goro’s shadow slammed his hand against the desk. Goro flinched.
“Revenge doesn’t have room for others, doesn’t have room for friends! You haven’t had
room for friends since you sold your soul away to that man. What’s one more life if you kill
the only person who cares about you–”
“It wasn’t like that–”
“Wasn’t it?” The smile on Goro’s shadow was chilling. “This is where your justice ends,
Akechi Goro. Do you want to know the best part?”
Goro did not want to know the best part. As a matter of fact, if Goro couldn’t fight this
monster, he might as well invest some effort in trying to escape this hell.
“No,” he said, turning around.
“It’s all reset!” His shadow’s voice was so filled with glee that Goro walked faster, as if he
could manage to separate himself from the thing behind him. “I don’t have to suffer any of
the consequences! I can get away with all of it! Not like that dying idiot–”
“Don’t you dare talk about Shinjiro that way,” Goro said, spinning toward his shadow and
glaring through the fog. It was hard to make out his shadow’s expression, but it was safe to
assume it was smiling. “I don’t care what it does to me; I will tear you apart limb from limb if
you say another word about him.”
“That’s awfully ruthless of you,” his shadow said. How did he manage to turn everything
Goro said to his advantage? “Don’t you realize what you’re doing to him?”
Goro shoved open the door before his shadow could finish. Then, he ran.

It took an hour of staking out for the limousine to finally move. It rolled in front of the Amagi
Inn. Maybe the parents had decided to stay at Inaba until Akechi was found? Yosuke thought
that was pretty responsible.
Yu and Yosuke accosted the people coming out of it before they could get inside the inn. The
familiar looking woman and two men stood in front of them, wearing a span of expressions

that all seemed to boil down to irritation.
Yosuke noticed something wrong with their theory almost immediately.
“Aren’t you a little young to be Akechi-kun’s parents?”
They looked like they were in their early twenties at most, and Akechi was probably in
middle school. Yosuke wasn’t sure that combination was possible.
The woman’s eyes widened. “Do you know Goro?” she asked.
“Um–”
“Yes,” Yu said immediately, filling in for Yosuke’s moment of failure. “We met him the other
day. We were wondering how the investigation was going.”
“Not well, I’m afraid,” the woman said. “I’m Kirijo Mitsuru; it’s a pleasure to meet you. Do
you have any idea where Goro-kun might have been when he was taken?”
“Taken?” Yosuke asked. When Yukiko and Kanji had gone missing, the police hadn’t liked to
admit that kidnapping was a very real possibility, especially when there hadn’t been any signs
of a struggle.
“Kirijo?” Yu asked, his voice awed.
“I know Goro,” Kirijo said. “He wouldn’t have run away. And I’ve heard that the serial
murder case is no closer to being solved than it was weeks ago. Kidnapping is more than
likely.”
“Would he have run away if he felt unsafe where he was?” Yu asked. The suspicion in his
tone was obvious, but none of them even blinked at it.
One of the men behind Kirijo snorted. “I don’t think he knows what the definition of running
is.”
“Shinji, this is serious,” the other man said.
“I know that,” Shinji snapped. “But Goro’s tough. I’m sure he’s putting up a fight even as we
speak.”

Goro stumbled as he continued to run down the labyrinthian halls of the palace. Or dungeon.
Goro still had no clue where he was. It didn’t matter. He had no personas or weapons, but if
he could get the hell out of this place, maybe things could get back to normal. The rules of
this world could be completely different than the ones in the metaverse.
Goro just had to get out.

Shadows patrolled the halls, and Goro stuck to the corners of the walls as he waited for an
opportunity to dash past them. His level of agility wasn’t what it once was, especially with
the fog making it hard to think. Or maybe the drugs were still working their way through his
system. How much time had passed since he first entered this place?
Time was always strange in the metaverse. It would be impossible to tell. Escaping was all
that mattered.
Thinking that a shadow had moved away from his path, Goro sprinted ahead. He heard the
shadow behind him make a startled sound. Slime squelched against the wood floors as the
shadow started to chase him down.
Damnit.
Goro continued to run. Why did shadows want to attack him in his own palace?
A more dangerous shadow burst out from the initial mass it once was. It used its new arms to
grab Goro by the forearm and pick him up off of the ground. Goro kicked at the shadow
furiously. He tried to claw the hand that was holding him.
It was no use. Goro was nothing without his personas. He had no way of fighting.
The shadow didn’t kill him. It began to drag him back to the room Goro had fled from in the
first place. Goro shouted furiously. He didn’t want to go back to that room with that vile
version of himself. He didn’t want his past to be so unceremoniously thrown into his face.
“Halt!”
A younger voice, but a voice that was a replica of Goro’s current voice, echoed down the
hall. The shadow stopped and dropped Goro. Goro gasped as he barely avoided landing face
first.
“Who’s there?” Goro snarled, picking himself up.
A child his exact height and stature walked up to him. He mirrored Goro’s thirteen-year-old
self exactly. The only difference was in their clothing. This shadow wore a shirt that Goro
hadn’t seen in years. It was white with red sleeves, and it had a picture of Feather Hawk on
the front.
It was a shirt Goro hadn’t worn since before his mother died.
Additionally, the child wore a red costume cape that Goro thought he might recognize from
his early childhood. One that certainly shouldn’t have fit his thirteen-year-old self.
“I’m you,” this other shadow of Goro said. His yellow eyes were wide as he stared at Goro.
“Are you here to protect me?”
Goro tried not to feel too confused. He had two shadows, apparently. What did that even
mean? Admittedly, he had two personas. Maybe that was the cause. One shadow for each
mask. If that was the case, the shadow who was roleplaying as Shido had to be Loki.

The child in front of him was Robin Hood.
“Protect you?” Goro asked.
The shadow Goro’s shoulders loosened. He smiled in a way that Goro had only ever smiled
on rare occasions.
“I’m so tired,” the shadow said. “I’m so tired of fighting. But I guess you can’t protect me.
We’re the same person, after all.”
Goro took a step backwards. He felt as though he had been punched in the gut. What was this
shadow talking about? Was he saying that Goro wasn’t strong enough to protect himself?
Goro knew that wasn’t true.
At least the Loki shadow had been extremely explicit in what he represented. Goro’s previous
actions made him like Shido. It was easy to understand if not completely absurd.
This shadow was still looking at Goro with hopeful eyes. He almost looked like he was about
to cry.
“What are you talking about?” Goro asked. He took another step away from the shadow. He
was too confused.
“I’m so scared all of the time,” the shadow said. His voice cracked. “Nowhere feels safe
anymore. Akira doesn’t even feel safe–”
“Akira was never safe,” Goro interrupted. The stairs leading back up to the replica of Shido’s
office were right behind him. “Akira was my enemy.”
“Akira doesn’t even recognize me.” The shadow’s voice began to shake now. “I thought
things would return to normal after I saw him. Normal is safe, right? So why do I feel so
scared?”
Goro couldn’t watch this. He felt nauseous enough without this child acting so pathetically in
his presence.
“I need to go.”
“Wait!” Goro’s younger shadow cried as Goro ran back up the stairs. “Don’t leave me!”
Goro didn’t listen.

When they entered the TV world, Teddie eagerly awaited them. Yosuke hated that he was
getting used to the talking mascot bear, which was not something he thought anyone should
ever get used to.
“Sensei!” Teddie said cheerfully to Yu. “You came back!”

“We always do, don’t we?” Yu asked. “Alright. Let’s get to business.”
They explained Akechi’s situation to Teddie, who naturally, wanted to know more to pinpoint
Akechi’s location. Unfortunately Kirijo hadn’t given them Akechi’s autobiography. As a
matter of fact, no one in the Investigation Team had come up with the slightest clue as to why
Akechi might be afraid of everything.
“I don’t think his parents are abusive,” Yosuke said. “Mostly because he doesn’t have any.
Kirijo-san is just his guardian, and she seemed really concerned.”
“Seemed being the key word here,” Yu said. He was still guarded even after their
conversation with Kirijo. Yosuke had thought she was pretty nice, but he understood why Yu
would be wary. “How do we know she wasn’t putting up a front?”
“She is one of those rich people who drives around in limos everywhere,” Chie said sagely.
“That’s kind of suspicious if you ask me.”
“Oh, come on, guys,” Kanji said. “She might just be socially unaware.”
“I don’t think Akechi-kun’s worried about abusive parents,” Teddie said. “I sniff, but it
doesn’t help me pinpoint the location of his dungeon. It just gives me the sense it’s over in
this general direction.”
Teddie swept his arms out in front of him. Clearly not a narrow field of direction.
“Great,” Yosuke sighed. “So we have no leads.”
"Do you think if we explained everything to Kirijo-san, she would tell us more about
Akechi?” Yukiko asked.
“I might have thought Kirijo-san was nice,” Yosuke said. “But there’s no way she’s going to
believe us if we told her we jumped into the television on the regular. No way.”
“I did have a chat with a friend of his,” Kanji said. “Kurusu, I think. He said that they
occasionally saw each other in the library or something.”
“Did he tell you anything that could help Teddie’s nose problems?” Yosuke asked.
“Um… he said that Akechi looked lonely,” Kanji said. “Sorry. They don’t know each other
that well.”
“Damn.” Yosuke sighed. “I guess it’s time to start pulling out guesses.”
“Can we go with my kidnapping theory?” Chie asked.
“What is this kidnapping theory of yours?” Teddie asked, sounding intrigued. “It sounds
beary interesting.”
If Teddie didn’t start adding more variety to his puns, Yosuke was going to strangle him.

“I think that Akechi-kun’s been kidnapped before, and that’s why he doesn’t feel safe!” Chie
said. “Well? Am I close?”
Teddie sniffed harder. “Well, I think I might be getting a little closer to a location. I just need
one more push, and I think I could figure out where he is.”
“I can’t believe Chie’s theory was actually correct,” Kanji said.
“I knew you could do it,” Yukiko said, giving Chie an encouraging smile.
“Hell yeah, I can.” Chie pumped her fist victoriously. “I’m on a roll. Let me think… why else
would Akechi-kun want to feel safe?”
“Maybe his current guardians aren’t abusive, but his past ones were,” Yu suggested.
“Oh, I think we’re getting closer!” Teddie said. “Just one more push!”
“Didn’t you say that last time?” Kanji demanded.
“Hey! You’re not exactly giving me much to go off of here.”
“Okay, okay, let me think,” Yosuke said. “So he’s been kidnapped before; and his parents
have been abusive in the past. And that Kurusu kid said he was lonely? Maybe he’s afraid of
being left behind again.”
“Or he’s afraid of repeating the cycle,” Yu said.
“I’ve found him!” Teddie cheered. He frowned. “Although, something’s odd about that place.
I can’t quite put my finger on it, but this will be different from the other times.”
“What makes you say that?” Yukiko asked.
“I just have a bad feeling,” Teddie said.
“Fantastic,” Yosuke sighed. “Just great.”

“You came back fast,” his older shadow said as Goro slammed the door to the office behind
him. “Did you realize how powerless you really are?”
“Shut up,” Goro hissed. “Why the hell do I have two shadows?”
“You’re a very unique individual,” his shadow said, smiling cruelly. “Not only do you have
two masks used to overcome life’s hardships. You have two lives. One of hate.” He gestured
to himself. “And one of fear.”
Goro’s older shadow pointed at the door behind Goro. Someone began pounding at it.
“Let me in!” Goro’s younger shadow begged. “Please!”

“I don’t want to let it in,” Goro’s older shadow said. He sat down on top of Shido’s desk.
“Mercy is a weakness. Fear is a weakness. We don’t need him. Your vulnerability is a
weakness that you should crush beneath your heel.”
Goro hated that he agreed. He hated that he was more scared of this younger shadow begging
for help than the one mirroring the man he despised.
Goro opened the door. His younger shadow came stumbling inside. A few tears crept down
his cheeks.
“Disappointing,” the older shadow said. “Don’t you understand that this brat is nothing but a
liability?”
“I am not Shido,” Goro whispered. It was the only thought that was keeping him from having
a breakdown of his own.
“No.” the older shadow grinned. “I’m Akechi. And I have only one goal. Make Shido suffer.
Who cares about the lives I destroy along the way? They all deserved it, didn’t they? Every
human is just a rotten worm. Even I’m rotten.”
“I’m scared,” the younger shadow whispered. “I can’t breathe. Somebody help. Somebody
save me.”
“I don’t think any of this!” Goro shouted. It was hard to think over both shadows’ voices.
“You did,” the older shadow said. “Once upon a time, it was the only thing that kept you
from killing yourself some days. No human deserves to live. Humans are only meant to be
used and disposed of. Funny. Reminds me of someone else I know–”
“Stop!”
“People keep getting hurt,” the younger shadow whispered. He was pressing entire back
against the wall. “I keep getting hurt. Please don’t hurt me.”
“Both of you just shut your mouths!”
The older shadow shut his mouth, wearing a pleasant smirk. The younger shadow was unable
to stop his hiccuping sobs.
Goro felt very dizzy. He sat down on the office sofa. “I just… I need to think.”
“Thinking doesn’t save anyone,” his older shadow whispered. “It doesn’t stop the curse I
inflict upon others. It’s my own fault that everyone around me dies.”
Goro grit his teeth. He was not going to ask. If he asked, then the shadow would keep talking,
and Goro would lose his shit if that shadow kept talking. He would lose his shit if either of
them kept talking.
He really needed to sleep.

“I know I killed innocent people,” Goro said quietly. “I know I was wrong. What more do
you want?”
“Do you know you were wrong, or do you only regret that Shido saw right through your
schemes?” His older shadow asked. “If you successfully destroyed Shido, would you regret
any of it?”
“I—” Goro’s breath caught on his throat. Without the Phantom Thieves, if he had
successfully destroyed Shido, would he ever reassessed his actions? Would he have realized
just how much damage he did?
No. Likely not.
“I wasn’t becoming Shido,” Goro insisted weakly. “I wasn’t… obsessed with power. It was
only about destroying him.”
“And how do you destroy a powerful man, I wonder?” The older shadow asked, grinning
nastily. He headed toward the door. “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have business to attend to.”
Goro’s older shadow left the office without another word. Goro’s heart dropped when he
heard the lock click.

Akechi’s dungeon was ludicrously fancy. The polished wood floors squeaked beneath their
shoes as they ran around trying to find the stairs. Red carpet adorned the center of the stairs.
Gilded picture frames hung on the walls, although the portraits inside were impossible to
make out.
When they reached the third floor, Akechi’s shadow was waiting for them. Yosuke frowned.
The shadow didn’t look anything like the person on TV. The person standing before them was
not only their age; he also looked like some sort of sleazy politician ready to steal all of their
money for gambling.
“It’s so kind of you to join me,” the shadow said. His voice echoed throughout the large
room, and Yosuke got into a fighting stance. This was usually the part where the victim’s
shadow launched a powerful enemy against them.
“Who are you?” Yukiko asked.
“I’m Akechi Goro, of course.” The grin the shadow was wearing looked downright evil. “Or,
who he once was, at least.”
“Who he once was?” Kanji asked. “What the hell are you talking about?!”
“Since when do people have two shadows?” Chie asked.
“I’m on a quest for revenge against my no-good father,” the shadow said, ignoring Chie’s
question. “Perhaps you would like to help me?”

“No-good father?” Yu echoed. It looked like they weren’t as far off the mark as they had
realized. “What did he do to you?”
“What didn’t he do to me?” Akechi’s shadow laughed. The sound was so chilling that Yosuke
felt like it came straight out of a cartoon. “No matter. I’ve matched his evil. Soon, he will
realize what he has created.”
“Um, revenge is wrong?” Yosuke said. He was a little afraid to piss this guy off. Sure, the
other shadows had also seemed dangerous, but none of them were overtly bad guys.
“If you are not with me, then I’ll do what I’ve done to all the others who are against me.” He
grinned. “Prepare to die!”
“Holy shit!” Kanji shouted as the politician shadow summoned a massive mini-boss shadow
in front of them. “Was I like this?!”
“Um… not really!” Chie said.
“Guys, focus,” Yu said.
Yosuke nodded, adjusting his grip on his kunai. They needed to beat this thing. They’d worry
about Akechi’s true nature later.

The door of the office was locked. No amount of furious kicking was able to free Goro from
its clutches.
“Do you think this will be like last time?” Goro’s young shadow asked. He had finally
stopped crying, but Goro had hoped he wouldn’t start up any more uncomfortable
conversations.
He should have known better.
“What the hell are you talking about?” Goro asked.
“You know…” The shadow took a deep breath and stared up at Goro imploringly. “With
Takaya?”
“Takaya’s dead.”
“I know that!” The shadow finally stopped looking totally pathetic when he showed a bit of
frustration on his face. “But the world is full of Takayas. Do you think we’re going to be hurt
again?”
Goro was not scared. Fear was a weakness. He was angry. Angry at his circumstances, angry
at his inability to escape. He was not scared.
He kicked at the door more furiously.

“If you’re me, and that other thing is me, shouldn’t you know its intentions?”
“No,” the young shadow whispered. “He scares me the most. Every night I dream of
becoming like him again.”
Goro froze. “You think I’m scared of myself?”
“I know I’m scared of myself,” the shadow countered. “Don’t you remember what Takaya
said to us? He said we were just like him. What if he was right?”
“He wasn’t.”
“Do you believe that?”
“Of course, I do. Takaya was a manipulative asshole. Everything out of his mouth might as
well have been a lie.”
“Evil people can tell the truth,” his shadow said. “I was evil, and I told the truth to Akira.”
“What truth was that?”
“I said that maybe things would have been different if I’d known him sooner,” his shadow
said. “They would have been, right? But things don’t feel very different. I know him sooner,
but he’s nothing like the Akira we used to know.”
“Are you seriously implying that I think my only hope of redemption is in becoming friends
with Akira earlier in my life?” Goro snapped. “Does my time with SEES mean nothing to
you?”
“I’m scared of SEES too,” his shadow said. “Everyone in my life leaves. They will one day
too. That’s why I left first.”
“That’s not true.” Goro took a deep breath before he punched the wall and ruined his hand.
“It’s been nearly two years. If they wanted to leave, they would have done it by now.”
“Mother left after nine years.” His shadow’s voice cracked. “Everybody leaves.”
“It was different,” Goro protested, his voice feeling weaker. “She loved me; she just… with
everything going on… it was too much. She probably—” Goro looked away. “She probably
thought she was doing me a favor.”
“You’re only proving my point,” his shadow said with a tremulous whisper. “When has love
ever saved people from dying?”

Chapter End Notes

While throughout the fic Goro has been very aware that he was a Bad Guy, a small part
of him has clung to the "necessary evil" clause instead of just accepting that the way he
went after shido was not only dumb, but just morally incorrect. And regardless, nobody
likes being compared to their terrible parents.
My boy is really going through it T-T
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3
ALSO because im very forgetful, strat0sfear made art of the loki shadow akechi! It's
very cool and you should look at it because its exactly how i designed it in my head.
Also non-p4 people, Yosuke canonically calls Yu his partner all the time and its really
hilarious.
EDIT AGAIN: I totally forgot to mention this but this entire arc is very inspired by the
fic The disappearance of Goro Akechi. Especially the part where Goro "accepts" the
shadow and it doesn't work. Also the idea that even established persona users have to
face their shadow. The fic is very cool and you should check it out. (spoilers for p4 tho)
If you're a Binge Reader, congrats for making it this far! You should take a rest as a
reward to yourself. or not.

Chapter 46: June 9–10, 2011
Chapter Summary

Junpei may have surrendered
But Yosuke has entered the ring
It's Yosuke's fic now
and Nanako would like to be here too

Chapter Notes

tw: self-loathing, referenced child abuse, referenced child neglect, violence, referenced
suicidal behavior

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“You went to Inaba in a limousine?” Minato asked, his distorted voice quietly unimpressed.
“I wasn’t thinking,” Mitsuru said, clutching tightly to her phone. “I was worried about Goro.
You know that.”
“And yet you didn’t tell any of us he was missing,” Minato said.
“You had your educations to think about.” Mitsuru rubbed her eyes. “And I was hoping we
would find him quickly.”
“It’s been four days.”
“I know.” She sighed. “How are the others doing?”
“We’re all worried,” Minato said. “Ryoji’s stress folding cranes. You don’t think he’s…”
“Of course, he’s not,” Mitsuru said. “Shinjiro’s right. Goro’s a fighter. He won’t die on us.”
“I hope you’re right.” The worry in Minato’s voice was obvious. “What are you going to do
if you don’t find him? You have school too.”
“I…” A lump rose in Mitsuru’s throat. This was the first time that anyone close to her had
gone missing for more than a day. “I don’t know.”

It took them a couple days to successfully get through the entirety of Akechi’s dungeon. The
enemies were pretty difficult, but, fortunately, there were a few less floors than in Kanji’s
dungeon. Not to mention that they'd gathered a lot of strength in Kanji's dungeon. Having an
extra person on the team didn't hurt either.
They had seen no further signs of either the scared kid or the evil adult, but Yosuke didn’t
exactly mind. The team had heard plenty of inner thoughts the further into the dungeon they
got.
“I’ll destroy anything that gets in my way,” evil adult had said when they reached the sixth
floor. “Nobody will be able to stop me.”
But when they reached the seventh floor, the scared kid only said in a pitiful voice, “Why
does nobody love me? I promise I’ll be good, so please… please don’t leave me.”
Yu’s expression had gotten more closed off after that.
Speaking of Yu, Yosuke was getting more and more worried for him. Apart from battle
commands, Yu had barely said anything in the entire afternoon. It was weird to see him this
quiet, which was really saying something, because Yu wasn’t much of a talker to begin with.
When they reached the fancy door that Teddie said probably led to the shadows, Yu took
them back to the front to be healed by that weird fox. Yosuke decided there was no time like
the present to talk to his friend.
“Hey, Yu-kun,” Yosuke said. When he didn’t immediately get a response, he poked Yu’s
back. Yu spun toward him with an alarmed expression, and Yosuke grimaced. “Sorry. I just
wanted to talk to you for a minute.”
Yu still looked surprised, but his expression mellowed out. “Oh, sure.”
Yosuke led Yu to the far corner of the entrance area and lowered his voice so nobody could
eavesdrop.
“Hey, man. Are you okay? You seem really tense this time around.”
Yu’s expression didn’t change. “We’re rescuing a kid from being murdered. It’s tense stuff.”
“Yeah, but you weren’t this tense when we were rescuing Kanji, and we were almost too
late,” Yosuke said. “Are you sure that’s all that’s going on?”
“I just…” Yu’s expression closed off again. “It’s nothing, Yosuke.”
“It’s nothing Yosuke,” a voice echoed mockingly behind Yu. Yosuke and Yu stiffened.
An exact replica of Yu walked toward them out of the fog, smirking. His golden eyes glinted
as he said, “Why don’t you tell him what you really think?”

A shadow? But why now?
Yu looked just as baffled as Yosuke, but the fear in his expression was obvious. Yosuke could
relate. Nobody liked their insecurities being thrown in their face.
“Wait, what’s going on?” Chie asked, catching sight of the double Yus. The others jogged up
to Yosuke and Yu.
“I thought Yu-kun didn’t have a shadow,” Yukiko said.
“Wait a minute, Yu didn’t have a shadow?” Kanji asked. “But how the hell did he get his
persona, then?”
“Sensei got one all on his own!” Teddie praised.
“All on my own? Don’t make me laugh.” Yu’s shadow snorted. “When I received my power,
I didn’t have anything to hide. I was barely a person at all.”
Yu flinched. Yosuke grabbed his shoulder to steady him.
“I’m a good child,” the shadow said. “I do what I’m told. I tell the truth. I don’t keep secrets
because I don’t think there’s anything to hide.”
Yu pursed his lips. Yosuke was glad he was smart enough not to try to argue with this thing.
Yosuke, on the other hand, had no such qualms.
“Leave him alone!” Yosuke snapped.
“You have to confront yourself eventually,” Teddie said quietly. “That’s the rules of this
world. I guess even Sensei couldn’t break them for too long.”
“Everybody is so needy,” Yu’s shadow continued. “They always need me. For advice, for
comfort, for love. The rush I get when someone asks for my help.” The shadow laughed. “It’s
one of the best feelings.”
“There’s nothing wrong with that,” Yukiko said quickly. “It’s good to enjoy helping people.”
“I would do anything to be needed.” Yu’s shadow laughed. “In such a bleak world, you have
to do something to know your place in it. Hell, there is nothing I wouldn’t do to be able to
help someone. Who knows? I might cause problems just to be the solution.”
“Yu would never do that!” Kanji protested. “He’s a hero damnit!”
“What triggered you?” Yu asked, his voice tight. Yosuke was proud of Yu for trying to keep
his cool “Why are you here?”
“My partner over there asked if I needed anything,” Yu’s shadow said disapprovingly. “I wish
he would just shut up.”

Yu paled. Yosuke’s heart skipped maybe ten beats.
“He keeps talking about being there for me, but he doesn’t understand shit!” Yu’s shadow
shouted. “He has parents who love him, who actually give a damn! My parents–”
“Stop,” Yu said abruptly.
Yu’s shadow didn’t listen. “My parents just think I’m a huge waste of space! They drop me
off with an uncle I barely know for a year, and they’re relieved! They don’t need me!”
Yosuke hadn’t stopped to think of the implications of Yu moving to Inaba. He had been so
excited to have another friend from the city that it hadn’t occurred to him at all. Why hadn’t
he stopped to think about it for more than two seconds?
“Yu-kun…” Chie said, looking sick.
“But my friends need me,” Yu’s shadow continued. “They give me worth. If I start needing
their help, then all that worth means nothing.”
“That’s not true!” Kanji shouted, stomping his foot against the ground. “Friendship is give
and take! We shouldn't be putting all of our needs on one person!”
“That’s right!” Chie said. “Yu, don’t listen to that thing!”
“You have to listen to me,” Yu’s shadow said. “Because I am you.”
Yu was paler than Yosuke had ever seen him. Yosuke wondered if he was going to throw up.
Yosuke knew that he had wanted to throw up when he confronted his shadow.
But Yosuke’s shadow had just revealed small things. The fact that he hated this town was no
big secret. The fact that he considered the murder case to be exciting was a lot more
sickening.
Yosuke’s shadow never revealed that his parents were abusive assholes. Yosuke’s parents
weren’t abusive assholes.
Yu’s were, apparently. Yosuke could barely imagine what he could be feeling.
“Yu,” he said. He grabbed Yu’s hand. Yu squeezed it tightly. “You have to accept it. I know
you don’t want to, but–”
“If I accept it,” Yu whispered, not looking away from his shadow. “That makes it true.”
“I know.” Yosuke gave Yu’s hand a comforting squeeze. “But you can’t work past it if you
don’t accept that it’s there first. It’s like a sickness, or something.”
Yu took a deep breath. “I don’t know if I can.”
“We’ve all had to accept the parts of ourselves that we hate or are embarrassed by are in there
somewhere,” Yosuke said. “That’s how you grow. You’ve got this, partner.”

“Okay.” Yu closed his eyes and nodded. “Okay.”
Yu and his shadow stared at each other for a long moment. Yosuke wondered if Yu had
changed his mind.
“I’m waiting,” Yu’s shadow said, crossing his arms.
“You’re right,” Yu said. He still looked about ready to pass out. “I do… I do find validation
in helping people. And maybe that is because of my parents. I don’t know.
“You’re me.” Yu’s voice shook. “And I’m you.”
The shadow’s face split into a genuine grin of relief. It disappeared and was replaced with
Izanagi. Izanagi disappeared, theoretically back inside Yu’s heart.
Yu swayed in place. Yosuke hurried to help him stay standing.
“Maybe we should call it quits for the day,” Yosuke said.
“But Akechi…”
“It’s not going to fog tomorrow; it’ll be fine,” Kanji said. “Yosuke’s right. We should get
some rest before the final boss anyway.”
Yu sagged. “Fine.”
“I hope you feel better soon, Sensei,” Teddie said.
“Me too Teddie,” Yu said.

Yosuke helped Yu home. Yu probably didn’t need it, but guilt from the events that just
unfolded gnawed away at Yosuke.
“Sorry,” Yu said. “I know that was a lot.”
“You saw my dirty laundry,” Yosuke said immediately. “It’s only fair that I get a turn too.”
Wait. Was that too insensitive?
But Yu only smiled. “Sure.”
They continued walking, but Yosuke still couldn’t get the shadow out of his mind.
“Hey, Yu?” Yosuke asked.
Yu looked really tired, as if he knew what Yosuke was about to say. “Yeah?”
“Um, your parents… you don’t have to go back to them at the end of the year, do you?”

“Dojima only agreed to have me for the year,” Yu said, as though that was an obvious fact.
“Yeah, but Dojima-san’s nice, right?” Yosuke suddenly felt very on edge. What if Dojima-san
was abusive too? “Right?”
Yu nodded. “He’s a little busy at the station, but he tries,” he said. Yosuke frowned. That
wasn’t the glowing review he was hoping for. “Look, we’ll figure it out later, alright? I don’t
leave until the spring.”
“Right.” Yosuke nodded as they stopped in front of Yu’s house. “Look, if you or Nanakochan need a place to stay, my house is always open, alright? Don’t be afraid to ask.”
“Thanks, Yosuke.” Yu gave Yosuke a weary smile. “I’ll remember that.”
Yu opened the door, and Yosuke heard Nanako’s cheerful greeting.
“Well, I’d better get going, then,” Yosuke said.
Yu peeked inside. “Dojima’s not home yet,” he said. “Do you want to stay over for dinner?”
“Oh, um, sure!” Yosuke nodded. He pulled out his phone. “Let me just call my parents, so
they know where I am.”
Yu nodded and stepped inside. Yosuke felt like a massive douche. He might as well be
rubbing it into Yu’s face that he has better parents than his.
Yosuke quickly called his parents. They were fine with Yosuke hanging out at a friend’s
house for the evening, as long as he came back home by curfew.
When Yosuke stepped inside, Nanako waved at him cheerfully. “Hello!”
“Hi, Nana-chan,” Yosuke said. Yu’s younger cousin was just too cute. “How was your day
today?”
“It was good.” Nanako stood up. “I drew a picture! Do you want to see?”
“I’d love to see it,” Yu said.
Yosuke nodded as well, and Nanako ran into her bedroom. She came back out holding a
crayon drawing of three stick figures. One was shorter than the others, and one had gray hair
that was reminiscent of Yu’s.
“It’s my family,” Nanako said. She frowned down at it. “Sorry, Yosuke-san. You’re not on it.”
Yu snorted as he began to make dinner.
“That’s alright, Nana-chan,” Yosuke said. “I’m more of a friend than a family member
anyway.”
“Do you like it, big bro?” Nanako asked.

“I love it,” Yu said. He smiled softly. “Do you want to put it on the fridge?”
“Uh huh!” She frowned at the fridge. “There aren’t any extra magnets, though.”
“I’m sure I can find some. Yosuke, can you watch the food?”
“Oh, sure.” Yosuke looked at the meat sizzling in the pan. “I’ve got to warn you. I’m not a
very good cook.”
“That’s okay!” Nanako said. “I can help.”
Nanako grabbed a stool and stood next to Yosuke. She occasionally instructed Yosuke to
move the meat around to prevent it from burning. Yosuke could not believe that he was
taking cooking lessons from a seven-year-old.
Fortunately, Yu didn’t take long to find a magnet. Nanako put her picture on the fridge, and
Yu began making the food again.
Yu finished making their dinner, and they were half-way through eating it when Dojima-san
entered the house.
“Dad, you’re home!” Nanako cheered, jumping to her feet and running up to her father. “Big
Bro saved some food for you.”
“I see he brought a friend over too,” Dojima said. He didn’t look thrilled to see him there.
“Hanamura-kun, was it?”
“Um, yes sir,” Yosuke said. He felt his cheeks heat up in embarrassment. Dojima clearly had
not forgotten that time Yosuke accidentally got Yu almost arrested. Yosuke really should have
known better than to wave swords around in a public food court.
“He’s really nice,” Nanako said, probably sensing some of the tension.
Dojima nodded as Yu handed him a plate of food. “Yes, I’ve heard good things about you.
Yu-kun thinks very highly of you.”
“Oh.” Yosuke wasn’t expecting that. “Thanks.”
“How’s the investigation?” Yu asked.
“You know I can’t talk to you about that,” Dojima said as he sat down.
The dinner was normal as the conversation turned to school. When Yosuke left, he stood
outside of the front door and waited for sudden raised voices. Any loud sounds.
Nothing happened. Some of the tension in Yosuke’s chest loosened a bit.
Maybe Yu was right. Dojima-san was trying his best. He had showed up for dinner, at least.
Yosuke would keep an eye on the situation, just in case.

Time moved differently in the metaverse, but even Goro was beginning to realize that a
significant amount of time had passed. He was starting to feel incredibly hungry, and his
mouth was extremely dry.
“Would you like a glass of water?” his older shadow asked. His younger shadow had run off
at some point, no longer wanting to be in the same room as the person he feared.
Goro could sympathize.
“I’m not drinking your water,” Goro said. He was too tired to put much anger in his voice.
“Who knows what you’ve done to it.”
“I’m not stupid enough to get myself killed,” his shadow said. “Well, maybe that’s not true.
Hey! I guess that is the difference between Shido and I. Shido wasn’t suicidal.”
“I’m not suicidal,” Goro said.
“Not anymore.” His shadow hummed. “Where’s that pathetic child? I’m sure he would love
to elaborate on this topic.”
“He left,” Goro snarled. “Because he was afraid of you.”
“You’re afraid of me?” His shadow dramatically put his hand over his chest. “I’m hurt.”
“I never said I was afraid of you.”
“If you’re so afraid of me, you could take a leaf out of the child’s book and leave.” His
shadow gestured flippantly toward the door, which was left unlocked. “I’m sure you’ll do
fine on your own.”
“Why are you here?” Goro asked. “I’m not… I’m not like you anymore.”
“Shinjiro is bringing his death upon himself–”
Goro launched himself across Shido’s desk, grabbing the pen that his shadow continued to
write with. He raised it with the intention of stabbing his shadow in the eye.
His shadow grabbed Goro’s wrist.
“Ah, yes,” his shadow said. “You’re nothing like me. Not suicidal at all.”
The door burst open. Four teens and a child in a mascot costume ran into the room. Goro
recognized the one holding a folding chair to be Tatsumi.
“Oh look,” his shadow said dispassionately. “The cavalry has arrived.”
“What’s going on here?” the girl wearing roller skates asked. “Don’t tell me you’re fighting
your own shadow?”

Goro glowered and got off the desk.
“He tried,” his shadow said. “I have very little regard about who I hurt. Including myself, it
seems.”
“Nobody asked you,” the boy with headphones said.
“I’m still confused,” Tatsumi said. “Aren’t we meant to be fighting Akechi’s shadow? This
guy is way older than Akechi. And what happened to that other kid?”
“Yeah, but he did say he was Akechi,” the roller skates girl said.
“How do you know my name?” Goro asked.
“I told them,” his shadow said. “I’ve always liked being the center of attention. Reminds me
of someone else I know.”
“Akechi-kun, you have to accept him!” a girl who Akechi thought might be Amagi Yukiko
pleaded. “It’s the only way he’ll go away.”
“You don’t think I’ve tried that already?” Goro asked.
“You didn’t accept me,” his shadow said. “Nobody ever accepts me. You just pretend I don’t
exist.”
“What is up with this guy?” Tatsumi demanded.
“Well, Goro?” his shadow asked. “Shall I tell them?”
Panic spiked through Goro. “Don’t you dare–”
“I am a killer,” his shadow said. “I spent the final years of my life killing for a man I hated,
not realizing I was becoming the very same man myself.”
“That’s not true,” Goro snapped. His words didn’t sound convincing to his own ears. The
truth was becoming harder to ignore. “I’m nothing like him.”
“I’m sick of ignoring the truth!” his shadow shouted. “I killed people, and I didn’t give a
damn about them! I was just like Shido, but you insist on clinging to this ideal that it was this
holy mission of justice!”
“I never said that!”
“It’s what helps us sleep at night!” his shadow’s voice cracked. “We might be a monster, but
at least we aren’t as bad as him! But that’s not true at all, and you know it! Why can’t you
accept the truth?!”
“Because that means it was all for nothing!”

Goro was breathing heavily, but his shadow smirked. “It wasn’t for nothing,” he said. “We
were still close to getting our revenge.”
“No.” Goro shook his head. “I don’t know what you are, but you’re not my shadow. You’re
something else entirely, or Tsuyoshi in disguise or–”
Instantly, a wave of dizziness nearly knocked Goro over. The teenagers all groaned as his
shadow started to glow.
“That’s right!” his shadow said. “I’m not your shadow anymore! I’m my own being! And I
will destroy everything in my way!”
The corners of Goro’s vision were blurring, and he collapsed onto the ground. He could hear
shouting, but he couldn’t focus on any of it.
Maybe he really was a selfish fool.

Akechi’s shadow created an absolutely terrifying monster.
A black and white horned demon-looking creature stood on top of a pile of silver bodies. It
towered over all of them, holding a staff that looked like it could impale any one of them in
an instant.
“Well, this is awesome,” Yosuke said sarcastically.
“I’m still confused,” said Yukiko.
“Worry about that later,” Yu snapped. “We don’t know what this thing is capable of.”
Yu cast a defensive spell on himself, and everybody else guarded themselves. Instantly, the
demon shadow cast rage on all of them. Yosuke, Yu, and Yukiko managed to dodge it, but
Chie and Kanji were infuriated.
“Die you overgrown freak!” Kanji shouted as he tried to slam his chair against the monster.
Even Yosuke could see that it did barely any damage.
“Yukiko!” Yu shouted.
Yukiko cast me patra, returning Chie and Kanji to normal. Chie paused mid-kick, stumbling
forward.
“Oops,” Yukiko said. “Sorry!”
Chie jumped out of the way of one of the demon-creature’s strikes. “It’s okay!”
“You really think you can defeat me?” The shadow’s voice echoed inside the room. “I refuse
to lose to lowlifes like you!”

The team cycled through all of their elemental and physical skills. This shadow had
seemingly no weaknesses at all.
“He has to have some weakness, right?!” Yukiko asked.
“You really think I would bend so easily?” The shadow asked. He raised his hand and
summoned two lower-level shadows that looked like black and red birds. Yosuke bit back a
groan of despair. He bounced on his toes, prepared to dodge any incoming attack.
Yu summoned a persona and cast mazio, but the birds didn’t go down at the electric damage.
“Now feel my true power!” The shadow practically screamed, his voice guttural. “CALL OF
CHAOS!”
The shadow swept his staff toward the two bird-shadows, and they suddenly started glowing,
their eyes turning bright yellow. Teddie let out a cry of alarm.
“Those guys got way stronger just then!” he exclaimed. “Be careful!”
The bird shadow launched itself toward Yosuke. Yosuke tried to move out of the way, but it
practically skewered him with its piercing damage. Yosuke cried out in pain, clutching his
stomach and trying to keep the stars out of his vision. He wanted to throw up, and one more
hit would definitely cause him to pass out, but—
“Here!” Yukiko cried.
A warm rush filled Yosuke, and most of the pain went away immediately. Yosuke let out a
sigh of relief. Media might not be perfect, but it was definitely better than nothing.
“Thanks,” he gasped.
Yosuke blinked, and the other bird shadow knocked Kanji out. Yosuke frantically fumbled
through his pockets for a revival bead and revived Kanji.
“This isn’t good!” Chie exclaimed.
“Stay calm!” Yu said. He threw an attack mirror over himself. “We can do this.”
The team focused on the defensive after that, with Yukiko healing them almost nonstop.
When they could, they launched an offensive attack, and finally, they killed the two
overpowered shadows.
“Please tell me the big guy is almost dead,” Kanji said.
“I’ll show you my power!” The demon creature raised its staff, and he started to glow the
same way the low-level shadows did.
“Oh shit,” Yosuke muttered.
“Everybody defend yourselves!” Yu shouted.

Everyone shifted into a defensive position right before Akechi’s shadow slammed his staff
against the ground. A huge amount of almighty damage blasted the entire team backwards.
Feeling half-dead, Yosuke jumped to his feet and hit the shadow with a blast of wind. The
shadow lurched forward, looking weaker. The shadow waved his hand toward Chie, who
didn’t dodge out of the way in time. Chie collapsed, asleep.
“Sleep, really?” Yukiko asked as she restored Kanji.
Chie jumped to his feet. “You’ll pay for that!”
Using her persona, Chie hit the shadow with a critical physical strike. The shadow fell
backwards, and everybody rushed in for an all out attack.
“You can’t defeat me,” the shadow hissed. It stumbled back to its feet, clutching his side. “I
am… immortal.”
“Think again!” Yu shouted. “Izanagi!”
Izanagi appeared and brought down its sword. It sliced Akechi’s shadow in half. Yosuke
sagged in relief as it started to dissolve back into its original form.

Goro was regaining consciousness. He sat up to see his shadow collapsed on its knees. It
gasped for breath and looked up at Goro.
“I guess I really am like him,” his shadow whispered. He almost sounded sad. “Defeated
again by a bunch of pathetic idealists.”
“Please don’t reject him again,” the boy in headphones said, breathing nearly as heavily as
Goro’s shadow.
Goro grit his teeth. “Get up.”
“What?”
“I gave the Phantom Thieves three fights before I finally ran out of steam,” Goro said.
“You’re really going to be dissuaded by one measly defeat?”
Goro’s shadow grinned, and he stood up. “Do you admit it, then?”
Goro took a deep breath. The thought of admitting the truth sickened him. He wouldn’t have
even entertained the idea two years ago.
“Yes,” he said. “I… I had lost sight of my original goal. I wanted to give Shido total revenge,
so instead of just killing him, I let him use me to hurt others too. I told myself that it was
worth it for the sake of justice, or that the people I killed were just as bad as him, but it
wasn’t true. It was revenge. I was just saying that to convince myself that I wasn’t becoming
like the very person I hated.”

Goro’s voice cracked, but he didn’t break eye contact with his shadow. “And if I was
becoming the person I hated, then, my revenge was pointless. Which made the deaths
pointless. Which they were.”
His shadow smiled. A real smile. Not the ones full of teeth.
“You finally accept me.”
“I accept that you are a part of me, yes,” Goro said. There was a pleading note to his voice
when he continued to speak. “But I’m not that person anymore. I’ve given up any plans of
revenge. I just want to put that part of my life behind me.”
“Good.”
His shadow disappeared into the familiar form of Loki. Loki shattered like glass, and Goro
felt the familiar feeling of a persona resting inside of his soul.
Exhaustion crashed over Goro, and he sat down on one of the sofas, trying to keep his head
on straight.
“Mission accomplished!” the girl with roller-skates cheered.
“I have so many questions,” the headphones boy said.
“Wasn’t there a different kid on the television, though?” Tatsumi asked.
So Goro had appeared on the Midnight Channel. That was just… fantastic.
The last thing Goro wanted to do was confront another part of himself. Goro wanted to go
home. He wanted to sleep. And he didn’t want to grant these children the clarification they
probably deserved.
“There’s another one,” Goro said, putting his head in his hands.
“I was wondering… how is that even possible?” Amagi asked.
“It’s a long story.”
At that moment, Goro’s younger shadow cracked open the door. “Is he gone?”
“That Shido look-alike is gone, yes,” Goro said.
His shadow’s shoulders sagged in relief. He entered the room properly. “Are you all here to
rescue me?”
“Rescue you?” the gray-haired leader asked.
“I thought this place would be safe,” his shadow said. “But it turned out to be just as
dangerous as the others. I’m scared.”
“Of course you’re scared,” Amagi said. “I was scared too, when I was kidnapped.”

“Are you seriously afraid of accepting that you’re afraid?” the boy with headphones asked.
“Fear is a weakness,” Goro said instinctively. “It hinders you from getting anything done.”
“And yet, I’m scared every minute I breathe,” his shadow said. “I just want to feel safe
again.”
“Please, don’t reject it,” Tatsumi said. “I don’t think we can take another big fight.”
“Fine,” Goro snapped. He was somewhat afraid that this obviously inexperienced group
would accidentally kill Goro if they weren’t careful.
Ha. Afraid.
“Sit down,” Goro told his shadow. “You look like you’re about to pass out.”
Goro’s shadow obediently sat down. Goro sat down across from him and tried to think of the
least embarrassing way to go about accepting that he was a coward.
“I’m not afraid all of the time,” Goro said slowly.
“Sometimes, I feel safe,” his shadow agreed. “I felt safe with Akira.”
“No, I didn’t.” Goro frowned, now feeling confused. “He was my enemy.”
“He was my friend.” his shadow smiled. He reached into his pocket and pulled out Akira’s
glasses, much to Goro’s horror. “Before he knew I was a traitor, I felt perfectly safe with
him.”
Goro wanted to continue arguing, but he wanted to avoid another confrontation. He took a
deep breath and collected himself.
“Fine,” Goro said. “Any other times I’m not scared?”
“Sometimes with members of SEES,” his shadow said. “I used to feel safe with Shinjiro,
after he saved me. I never felt safe around Takeharu or Chidori. That scares me too.”
Goro’s chest clenched.
“Used to?” he asked.
“He’s dying,” Goro’s shadow whispered, continuing to fidget with the glasses. “Sometimes I
wonder if it’s my fault. Everyone around me seems to die. Maybe I did something to cause
it–”
“Shinjiro was dying before I came along,” Goro snapped.
“I know that,” his shadow said. “It doesn’t make me feel better.”
It didn’t.

“Please, don’t reject me.” His shadow was crying again. Goro looked away, overwhelmed
with embarrassment. “Akira’s not the same. People always want me to be stronger, to be
powerful, to not be afraid. But I am afraid. What’s wrong with that?”
“What are you afraid of?”
“Isn’t it obvious?” Goro’s shadow exhaled shudderingly. “I’m afraid of death. I’m afraid of
being taken advantage of again. I’m afraid of losing the people close to me.”
“You’re afraid of everything,” Goro said. He failed to keep the disgust out of his tone.
“That’s not true,” the gray-haired leader said. Goro’s eyes snapped in his direction. “You’re
afraid of losing the things that matter.”
“You’re afraid of admitting that you can be vulnerable,” Tatsumi said. “Trust me. I get it.
None of us are going to judge you, man.”
“Nightmares keep me awake every night,” his shadow continued. “Maybe, if I hadn’t taken
Takaya’s gun, Chidori wouldn’t have died. Maybe, if I had seen through Ikutsuki’s lies
sooner, Takeharu-san–”
“Enough,” Goro said. His voice shook. At this rate, these strangers would know his trauma
better than he did. “That’s enough.”
“I’m afraid of waking up and finding out that all of this is gone,” Goro’s shadow whispered.
“That I’m back in that foster home–”
“You’re right!” Goro shouted, because that was a part of his life he wanted to bury away and
never remember. He jumped to his feet. “You’re right. I am scared. I’m scared that time will
reverse again. I’m scared that Shido will find some way to take advantage of me. I’m scared
that everyone will leave. Are you happy? Is that what you wanted to hear?”
His shadow stared up at him with wide eyes.
“What else do you want me to say?” Goro asked. “That I do blame myself for the death that
follows me? That I’m cursed? That I’m so afraid of losing the power that I have, because if I
do, I’ll lose all the worth I have to anyone else?!”
“That’s not true!” Amagi gasped, as if she knew anything.
His shadow stood up. “You’re not rejecting me, then? You admit that I’m you?”
“Yes,” Goro said through gritted teeth. “You’re me. Happy?”
The shadow beamed. “Thank you.”
He disappeared with a burst of light and was replaced by Robin Hood. Loki appeared from
within Goro and fused with Robin to create Hereward.

For a terrible moment, Goro wondered if he would have to face a third version of himself.
Then, Hereward spoke.
“And now you understand,” the persona said. “Your fear and your hate lead you to a struggle
for power. Now, you must fight a different battle.”
“Um, can all personas talk?” Tatsumi whispered. Amagi shushed him.
“What battle is that?” Goro asked. Apart from when his personas were awakened, he never
had an opportunity to have a conversation with his personas. In a way, however, Goro
supposed that Hereward was being awakened all over again.
“You already march toward it,” Hereward said. “You must fight for more than your own
strength, but I will assist you along the way.”
Hereward disappeared, and Goro felt all three of his personas rest within him.
The palace did not begin to crumble beneath them, but this place wasn’t strictly a palace
anyway. Not in the way Goro understood it. The teens weren’t in a hurry to leave, and
judging from their behavior, they had rescued people from their shadows before.
Now assured that he was mostly out of danger, Goro collapsed backwards onto the couch.
Hunger and exhaustion gnawed at him, and he blinked wearily up at the ceiling.
“Are you alright?” Amagi asked, running up to him. Goro forced himself to sit up before he
embarrassed himself further.
“I’m fine,” Goro said.
“Yeah, this is just a hunch, but I don’t really think fine is the right word for it,” the
headphones boy said.
Goro frowned. “Who even are you people?”
“We’re the investigation team!” roller skate girl said. “I’m Chie. The annoying one is
Yosuke”
“I take offense to that,” head-phones boy, otherwise known as Yosuke, said. “Our tactical
leader here is Yu.” He gestured to the one with gray hair.
“And you’re Amagi-san,” Goro said, pointing to her in turn. “And you’re Tatsumi-san.”
“Yukiko’s fine,” Amagi said.
“Yeah, it feels kind of weird to do surnames after we risked our lives for you and all that,”
Tatsumi said. “Just call me Kanji.”
“And I’m Teddie!” the bear mascot said cheerfully.
Goro’s frown deepened, but he was too tired to argue.

“Do you have any idea on how to get out of this hell hole?” he asked, trying to stand to his
feet. He stumbled forward, and Yosuke caught him.
“Don’t worry, I got you,” Yosuke said.
“I don’t need getting,” Goro snarled. “I’m–” A fresh wave of nausea punched him in the gut.
He blinked away the urge to pass out. “I’m fine.”
“Clearly,” Yu said.
“Didn’t you just accept that it was okay to be afraid?” Teddie asked.
“No, I accepted that I was afraid,” Goro snapped. “There’s a difference. Now, can someone
please tell me where I am?”
“You’re in the TV world,” Yu explained.
“The what?” Goro asked.
“You enter when someone pushes you inside a TV screen,” Kanji explained. “Kinda like a
portal.”
The TV… was a portal… into the TV world.
“Okay, sure,” Goro muttered. “I suppose we leave through the television too?”
“Pretty much,” Yukiko said.
“Just when I thought my life couldn’t get any stranger,” Goro muttered.
“Um, speaking of that… I don’t mean to be insensitive,” Yosuke said, “but what was with
that creepy older shadow? He said a lot of stuff that didn’t make a lot of sense. So did that
younger shadow, now that I think about it.”
Goro grit his teeth. “I’ll explain as we leave.”
Goro didn’t remember much of his explanation, but he only focused on what occurred in his
previous life. He was too tired to try to explain the Dark Hour and SEES on top of that.
His explanation must have been expansive; nobody had any questions by the time he was
done. Well, almost nobody had questions.
“You’re a time traveler?” Yosuke asked. “You expect us to just believe that?”
“Yes, actually,” Goro said. SEES had never questioned the logistics of time traveling. But,
come to think of it, the dark hour was much more time based than this TV metaverse.
And Elizabeth had vouched for him.
Goro missed Elizabeth.

“It is a little hard to believe,” Yukiko admitted. “But stranger things have happened. I mean,
we fight other versions of ourselves.”
“Speaking of that,” Kanji said. “Did we know that if we killed our shadows, we would die?
Because that seemed to be a main theme of Akechi’s story here.”
The entire team went deadly silent. Goro realized how close to death he had been.
“Well, now we know,” Yu said.
“In any case, I can’t make you believe that my story is true,” Goro said. “I could tell you that
Shirogane Naoto will play a key part in this case, but I have no idea how long it will take for
that to happen.”
“Wait, if you’re from the future, does that mean you know who the killer is?” Chie asked.
Goro frowned. “No,” he admitted. “I can’t remember. I’m sorry.”
“You can’t remember?” Yosuke asked.
“I remember this case had a lot of suspects,” Goro snapped. “It makes it hard to recall which
one actually did it. Besides, I haven’t thought about this case in years. Are you going to tell
me that you remember the plot of a television show you saw five years ago?”
Goro had watched the television clips of Shirogane from that era. But Shirogane never
focused on the actual culprit, and Goro didn’t care. He only cared about exuding the detective
prince persona. The actual murderer was already behind bars, so why should Goro give a shit
about who he was?
“That’s a fair point,” Chie said. “I guess we’ll just have to solve the case the old-fashioned
way.”
“Well, it was worth a shot,” Yosuke said. “If something suddenly comes to you, don’t be
afraid to tell us.”
They were in an open area now. Goro peered through the fog. It was hard to see much of
anything, but maybe that was his exhaustion talking.
“How the hell do you see?”
“Oh, we have these glasses,” Yosuke said. “You can take mine.”
“No, no, wait!” Chie said. “Teddie, do you still have the funny ones? The ones that work?”
“Of course, milady,” Teddie said.
“Ew, don’t call me that,” Chie said as she snatched something from Teddie’s hand. Glasses,
presumably. Yu snorted. Chie handed the glasses to Yosuke. “Here.”

Yosuke, who Goro was unfortunately using as a crutch, put the glasses on Goro’s face.
Instantly, the fog disappeared. Some of the pounding in Goro’s head went away as well, and
Goro could see everyone clearly.
The rest of the team stared at him. Yukiko tilted her head.
“Hm, they’re not as funny when the person wearing them looks sick,” she said.
“Yeah, I’m not feeling it,” Kanji said.
Goro took off the glasses and peered down at them. They were those ridiculous joke classes
with the nose and the mustache. Goro sighed and tossed them back toward Teddie. He’d
rather have a headache than look like a fool.
Maybe that was a character flaw. Goro was too tired to think about it.
“Are we almost out?” he asked.
“Yep,” Teddie said. “Just go right through here.”
Teddie gestured to a stack of square televisions. Goro had no clue how they had any hope of
fitting through them.
Somehow, they did. Bright light pierced Goro’s vision, making his headache worse. The fog
was gone, and the obnoxiously cheerful Junes jingle rang overhead.
Goro blinked at the isles of the electronics section. No shoppers were in sight, fortunately.
“Are we… in Junes?” Goro asked.
“Yep,” Yosuke said.
“So, anyone could see us falling out of the television?”
“Well, it's our only access point with Teddie,” Yukiko said reluctantly. “We just look both
ways before entering.”
Goro inhaled deeply. At least falling in and out of televisions wasn’t considered criminal
behavior. The Phantom Thieves had entered Kaneshiro’s palace in the middle of Shibuya for
some inconceivable reason. They didn’t even duck into an alley.
“Listen,” Yosuke said. “Your, um, guardian? Is here in Inaba. But if you don’t want to go to
them, I’m more than happy to give you a place to stay. My parents won’t ask too many
questions. Probably.”
Goro frowned. “My guardian?”
“Kirijo-san,” Yu said.
“She drove in here with a massive limo,” Chie added.

Goro was going to die of embarrassment. Why couldn't Mitsuru take the train? “Thank you
for offering, but I think I can manage.”
Goro stood up. He had barely been aware that he was sitting on the ground to begin with. His
nausea was still ever-present, and he reluctantly leaned against Yosuke again for support.
“To the Amagi Inn, then!” Yosuke said. “Yukiko and I can probably handle it from here,
guys.”
“Yes,” Yukiko agreed. “Chie, didn’t you say you were behind on homework?”
“And my mom will get worried if I’m gone for too long,” Kanji said. “Seeing as I was
recently taken myself and all.”
“And you have to look after Nanako,” Yosuke told Yu. “Dojima-san might be a little
distracted by Akechi-kun’s reappearance.”
Yu nodded. Goro had no idea who the hell Dojima was, but if he was going to be distracted
by Goro, he was either a reporter or a cop.
“Maybe we should drop him off at the police station,” Yukiko said as they started walking out
of Junes. “I know they had questions for me when I came back.”
“I want to sleep, not be interrogated,” Goro snapped. “I’m going back to my room.”
“The man has spoken,” Yosuke said.
They received a few odd looks as they walked back to the inn. When they finally arrived,
Goro could see Mitsuru’s limousine parked in front of the building. It was so painfully
conspicuous that Goro wondered why nobody had talked her out of it.
The receptionist’s eyes widened when they entered the lobby.
“Akechi Goro?” she asked, standing up.
“That is my name,” Goro said.
The receptionist’s face split into a large grin. “Your family is upstairs,” she said.
Family? Surely the entirety of SEES didn’t come to make sure he was alright. That would be
absurd.
“Which room is it?” Yosuke asked.
“Thirty-five.”
“That’s on the third floor,” Yukiko said. “The elevators are this way.”
As they waited on the elevator, Yosuke gave him another serious look. “Hey,” he said. “If you
need any help, don’t be afraid to ask us, alright?”

“I don’t know you,” Goro said.
“Hey, we saved you, didn’t we?”
Goro rested his head against the back of the hotel wall. “Maybe,” he said reluctantly.
“Then, we’ve got your back.” Yosuke grinned. “Not everyone knows about the TV world, or
the metaverse, as you like to call it. Us persona users have to look out for each other.”

“Thou art I… and I am Thou
Thou hast established a new bond…

One that furthers thy voyage for redemption

Thou shalt be blessed when creating
Personas of the Magician Arcana…”

Marvelous. Goro would worry about that later.
They boarded the elevator and reached the third floor without any further conversation.
Yosuke lead him to his room, and Goro removed his keys from his pocket and fumbled with
the lock. It only took him a few seconds to unlock, and he swung the door open.
Immediately, Goro could hear people jumping to their feet, probably prepared for a fight.
Mitsuru was the only one Goro could see in the room.
“Goro?” she asked. She frowned. “Hanamura-kun?”
“We found him by Junes.” Yosuke laughed nervously. “And helped him home.”
Akihiko ran into view, taking Goro off Yosuke hands. Deeper inside his room, he could see
Shinjiro approaching. His face was obviously distraught.
“Does he need a hospital?” Mitsuru asked.
“I need sleep,” Goro said. “I don’t need to see a doctor.”
“I don’t think he was injured,” Yukiko said. “He might not have eaten a lot, though, so it
might be a good idea to feed him.”

“I can feed myself,” Goro muttered. Akihiko helped him lie down on his futon. Goro sagged
in relief. Had it always been this soft?
“Thank you,” Mitsuru said, her voice was already fading into the corners of Akechi’s hearing.
“We can handle things from here.”
“Damn,” Shinjiro said. His voice floated above Goro as Goro slipped further into sleep.
“What are we going to do with you?”

Chapter End Notes

When y'all are here for Goro angst and I go, "but what about my p4 children instead"
After this we will return to our regularly scheduled programming of social links and
shenanigans. And mayhaps more Nanako. Because I love Nanako.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 47: June 12–14, 2011
Chapter Summary

Goro: i am an Adult
Literally everyone: press x to doubt

Chapter Notes

tw: ptsd, referenced kidnapping, i feel like there's more than this but this is all my silly
brain can come up with

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“Yosuke?” Yukiko asked as Yosuke was about to leave the inn. “Could I talk to you for a
moment?”
Yosuke frowned. It wasn’t every day that Yukiko wanted to talk to him privately, especially
about something that seemed to be important. Normally, she’d confide in Chie.
“What’s going on?”
“Oh, well, it’s nothing too important,” Yukiko said. Her shoulders slumped. “Actually, that’s
not true at all. I don’t know why I said that.”
Okay. Something was seriously wrong if Yukiko was tempted to lie about it.
“Are you sure you don’t want to talk to someone else about this?” Yosuke asked. He wasn’t
sure if he was able to handle this situation with tact. He had a bad habit of saying the worst
things at the worst possible times. “I mean, this is clearly really important to you. I’m sure
Chie would be willing to listen.”
“You can’t tell anyone about this,” Yukiko said. “I–I don’t want Chie to think poorly of me.”
Ah. So Yukiko wanted to speak to Yosuke because he wasn’t high up on her people she cared
about list. Yosuke would pretend that didn’t slightly hurt his feelings. He was sure that he’d
probably do the same thing.
“Sure,” Yosuke said. “You have my word. I won’t tell anyone.”

Yukiko let out an audible breath of relief. “Thank you.” She twisted her hands together. “I
keep having this horrible thought. About… Yu-kun.”
Yosuke’s stomach tightened. “About Yu?”
“Well, actually, that’s part of the reason I wanted to talk to you,” Yukiko said. “You two seem
to be so close, so I thought you might be able to put my worries to rest.”
“I hope so.” Yosuke crossed his arms. “What is this about?”
“Remember when his shadow came?” Yukiko asked. She kept her eyes trained on a black
butterfly sitting on a nearby vase. “I know you’re going to hate me for saying this, but do you
remember what he said about doing anything to be needed?”
“Yeah. And?”
Yukiko looked away. “Yu came to Inaba right before the murders started happening.”
“You can’t seriously be suggesting that Yu is the killer.”
“No, of course not!” Yukiko looked like she was about to cry. “I mean, I really don’t want it
to be true. But you have to admit there are odd coincidences, and according to you and Chie,
he was the only one who could enter the TV at first. I’m just… worried”
“Yukiko, if he was the one responsible for the murders, don’t you think his shadow would
have something more to say than that he wanted to be needed by others?” Yosuke snapped.
“Well, like I said, it did say that he would do anything to be needed,” Yukiko said. “The
shadow said that he would be willing to cause problems just so that he could be the solution.”
“Your shadow wanted to have a harem of “princes” and live in a castle,” Yosuke said. “Is that
what you really want?”
Yukiko looked like she had been slapped in the face. Yosuke regretted what he said
immediately. He might be pissed, but Yukiko had spoken to him in confidence. His reaction
was probably exactly what she had been afraid of.
“Okay.” Yosuke took a deep breath. “Yukiko-san, are you trying to tell me that Yu was the
one who kidnapped you? Because then, we can have a very different conversation.”
“I still don’t remember who took me,” Yukiko said, staring at the ground somewhat bitterly.
“Do you really think that Yu isn’t the culprit?”
“I know he isn’t,” Yosuke said. “He’s done nothing but help us so far.”
“Well, in that case, I’ll trust you.” Yukiko looked as though a large burden had been lifted
from her shoulders. “Thank you, Yosuke-kun. I feel much better now.”
Yosuke almost responded scathingly, but before he could say anything, Yukiko burst into
tears.

“I’m sorry,” Yukiko said, hiccupping. She covered her face with her hands. “I shouldn’t be
crying like this… I just…”
“No, no, it’s fine.” Yosuke had no idea what to do. “Should I get someone?”
Yukiko shook her head and sat down on a nearby sofa. Yosuke sat down next to her. “I
thought I was done crying…” Yukiko whispered, sniffing. “It was just… so scary. You’re safe
at home, and then suddenly you’re not, and you don’t even remember what happened.”
“Yukiko-san…” Yosuke swallowed. “I’m sorry. I can’t imagine what that must be like.”
Yukiko inhaled shudderingly. “I keep suspecting everyone. I can’t help it. I see someone and
wonder, ‘is that the person who tried to kill me?’ And then Yu’s shadow said all those things
and I guess I just…”
Yukiko trailed off, but Yosuke could guess what she was about to say.
“Panicked?”
Yukiko nodded. She laughed self-deprecatingly. “Sorry. You must think I’m silly.”
“Yukiko. I know we’re not that close, but… I think you’re really brave,” Yosuke said. “It was
scary enough facing my own shadow, and I went to the TV world willingly. And you still
laugh and fight in spite of it all. So… yeah.”
Yukiko cracked a smile. “Thanks, Yosuke-kun.”
“It’s nothing.” Yosuke grinned. “And when we catch the killer, you can slap them across the
face.”
Yukiko let out a startled giggle. “Chie might get there first.”
“Tell her not to,” Yosuke said. “Say, ‘sorry, Chie, but actually I have dibs on slapping this
killer.’ And I have second dibs. Chie will have to go third. Actually maybe Kanji should have
second dibs since he was also kidnapped. Chie gets fourth dibs?”
Yukiko started laughing in earnest.

Goro woke up to the sound of his alarm. Clearly, nobody had turned it off while he was away.
“Oh, shit, I forgot about that thing,” Akihiko muttered groggily.
“What day is it?” Goro asked. He felt much better now that he had rested, although he was
still incredibly hungry. He probably should have eaten before he fell asleep.
“It’s Saturday, June 11,” Mitsuru said.

Goro got out of bed and grabbed one of the snacks he had stored in his dresser. He hadn’t felt
like he had been in the metaverse for more than maybe a day, even if it had been five in the
real world, so he should be able to eat small bits of food without issue.
Shinjiro was still sound asleep on the sofa. Nobody woke him up.
“What are you doing?” Akihiko asked.
“What does it look like I’m doing?” Goro pulled his uniform from his dresser. “I’ve missed
nearly a week of school.”
“The teachers will understand if you need time to recover,” Mitsuru said.
“I don’t need time,” Goro said irritably. “I need things to start getting back to normal.”
“You were just rescued.” Mitsuru’s expression was becoming sterner.
“Yes, and I’m fine.” Goro gestured to himself emphatically. “This isn’t like last time,
Mitsuru. Nobody tortured me; I didn’t nearly die in my attempt to escape. If I recall, I went to
school the day after I came back that time too.”
Nobody had a good argument for that.
“Fine,” Mitsuru said. She handed Goro his phone, which he had foolishly left behind in his
room the night he had been taken. “Please, answer your phone calls.”
Goro spent the rest of that morning calling back every member of SEES plus Emiko. Emiko
was so relieved to have him call that she burst into tears over the line, and Goro was left in
the position of comforting her.
“Don’t ever get kidnapped again,” she said. “I could barely focus on school, I was so
worried.”
“Emiko-kun, please don’t take offense, but you struggle to focus during class when I’m
sitting right next to you.”
“That is not the point!” Goro could hear the sound of Ken’s laughter in the background.
Minato and Ryoji were much calmer in their relief, although Ryoji promised to visit as soon
as possible.
“I have like, two-hundred paper cranes to give you,” Ryoji said.
“Folding paper cranes doesn’t actually solve all of life’s problems, you know,” Goro said.
“Agree to disagree.”
Junpei’s call was a little less conventional.

“I’m really glad that you’re back man,” Junpei said. “Akihiko won’t give me a straight
answer. Is it true that Mitsuru drove to your place in a limo?”
“Yes,” Goro sighed. Mitsuru must have overheard the conversation; her face went bright red.
“I was stressed,” she said.
“She says she was stressed,” Goro informed Junpei charitably.
Junpei burst out laughing.

By the time Goro was finished calling all his friends and teammates, he had to hurry to get to
school at a reasonable time. Shinjiro still hadn’t woken up, but Mitsuru promised he would
still be there when he came back. As if Goro was ridiculous enough to assume that his friends
would leave him while he was at school.
He was still relieved by Mitsuru’s reassurance.
When Goro arrived at school, he was still earlier than he expected. Most of the students were
still socializing in the hallways or in their classrooms. Goro spotted Akira reading in the same
place he always did.
Goro walked up to him and tried to act as though he hadn’t disappeared for five days. Akira’s
head snapped in Goro’s direction.
“Akechi-kun?” he asked, looking as though he didn’t believe that Goro was even there.
“That’s my name,” Goro said.
Akira smiled. He looked like he was about to laugh. “You’re alive!”
“Of course, I am,” Goro said. “I was only kidnapped. Nothing to balk at.”
“That’s not funny,” Akira said. “I was really worried when I saw you on the Midnight
Channel.”
Some of the nausea from the past week returned to Goro’s system. Maybe he had eaten a
little too much for breakfast.
“What did you see?” he asked.
“Oh, um,” Akira frowned. “You said you wanted to find somewhere safe. It wasn’t as
scandalous as the other two programs.”
Goro exhaled. It was embarrassing, but not ruining. Then again, if his older shadow had
appeared on television, nobody would have known it was him.
“Do you…” Akira hesitated. “Do you remember any of it?”

“Bits and pieces,” Goro said vaguely. “I don’t know who took me, though.”
“Was it scary?”
Goro gave Akira a confused look. They technically barely knew each other. Was Akira
looking for fresh gossip?
No, that wasn’t like him. Akira was probably genuinely concerned. He did have a habit of
worrying about half the population of Tokyo.
Goro clenched his fists. “Yes,” he admitted. He’d had scarier experiences, but not many.
Goro looked down at the wooden floors. His shadow was right. He was a coward.
“I was scared too,” Akira said. “When you went missing. I’m glad you’re alive.”
Goro gave Akira a weary smile. “Me too.”
Priestess Arcana: Rank 2

When Akechi arrived back at the inn after school, he found a stranger and Adachi sitting in
the lounge area. Mitsuru, Akihiko, and Shinjiro were sitting near them. Goro bit back a groan
of frustration. He hated dealing with the police. It used to be that the combined efforts of
Kurosawa and the Kirijo group kept their problems out of law enforcement’s hands.
Obviously, the true could not be said of Inaba.
“Akechi Goro?” the stranger asked. He stood up. “I’m Detective Dojima. This here is my
partner, Adachi. We had a few questions for you, if you didn’t mind.”
Dojima? Yu’s father was partners with Adachi? If it weren’t such a small town, Goro would
have presumed such a coincidence to be impossible.
“Pleased to meet you,” Goro said, bowing politely. “I’m afraid I don’t remember much.”
“Anything you could provide us with would be fine,” Dojima said.
“Don’t worry,” Adachi added. “You’ve got this.”
Dojima had an air of competence that Adachi wholly lacked. Goro wondered how Dojima
tolerated his partner at all.
“Of course.” Goro sat down next to Shinjiro. Shinjiro gave him an apologetic smile.
“Sorry that I wasn’t awake this morning.”
“Don’t blame yourself,” Goro muttered. Goro would much rather Shinjiro sleep than to strain
himself on Goro’s account.
“Alright,” Dojima said. “Let’s get started, shall we?”

Goro nodded.
“Where were you when you were taken?”
“I was walking back from the shopping district,” Goro said. “It was around nine o’clock at
night. I was approaching the inn when someone attacked me from behind.”
“Were there any witnesses?” Adachi asked.
Goro shook his head. “The street was empty except for us two. I was about to shout, but my
attacker slammed his hand over my mouth before I had the chance.”
“Do you remember what happened after you were attacked?” Dojima asked sternly.
Goro shook his head. Obviously, his kidnapper had shoved him into a television at some
point, although Goro wasn’t sure how he pulled that off. Goro doubted the police would
believe him, and although Goro could attempt to demonstrate with the lounge television,
Goro did not trust the police with that sort of ability.
“They drugged me,” Goro said. “I felt a pinching sensation with a syringe in my neck.”
“We should get that tested,” Dojima said. “The type of drug might give us a clue as to who
attacked you.”
“Hopefully it hasn’t left your system yet,” Adachi said, chuckling nervously.
Goro agreed to get tested for drugs. He might not trust the police with the power of the
metaverse, but he would still like a serial kidnapper and murderer to be put behind bars. Or,
at the very least, he would like to have a better clue as to where to start looking.
At the hospital, after Goro cooperated with the tests, Dojima gave him an approving nod.
“Thank you for your cooperation,” he said. “The results should be in within a couple of days.
For now, you should get some rest.”
“I’m quite fine, Dojima-san,” Goro said with a bow. “Thank you very much.”
“If you don’t mind me asking,” Dojima said, “Why did you choose to come to Inaba at a time
like this? Kirijo explained that it was mostly your idea”
“I had an acquaintance I was worried about,” Goro said without missing a beat.
“I see.” Dojima frowned. “Well, don’t go wandering around on your own at night anymore.
It’s not safe, even when there aren’t any murders happening.”
Who did he think he was? Goro’s father?
“I will bear that in mind.”

“Thou art I… and I am Thou
Thou hast established a new bond…

One that furthers thy voyage for redemption

Thou shalt be blessed when creating
Personas of the Chariot Arcana…”

Another detective. Fantastic.

When Goro returned to his room from the hospital, Mitsuru wore a tense expression that
meant she was about to give a lecture. Goro took a deep breath and prepared himself for the
onslaught.
“This was a terrible idea,” Mitsuru said. “I don’t know what I was thinking, letting you live
alone in a town when there are murders and kidnappings happening on the regular.”
“Mitsuru,” Goro said, sitting down on the sofa. “I’m fine.”
“Oh yeah, you were fantastic,” Shinjiro said sarcastically. He had his arms crossed as he
leaned against the wall to Goro’s right. “The part where you couldn’t even stand on your own
when you got back here was my favorite.”
Goro pinched the bridge of his nose. “I was jumped. I survived, didn’t I?”
“You didn’t have much to say about where you were taken,” Mitsuru said.
“He’s expected to remember what happens after he’s drugged?” Akihiko asked.
“The effects of the drugs must have worn off at some point. He was gone for five days,”
Mitsuru said. She gave Goro a stern look. “Are you sure you don’t remember?”
“I lied to the police,” Goro said. He trusted Mitsuru, even if he didn’t appreciate being
interrogated by her. “The kidnapper is using the metaverse to kill people.”
“What?” Mitsuru snapped.
“I don’t know the logistics of it yet,” Goro said. “I think the students who rescued me were
planning on telling me more of the details after I recovered.”
“What happened?” Shinjiro asked.

Goro swallowed. “Remember what I told you about shadows of individuals?”
“Yes, but you also said that it didn't start until you were fifteen,” Mitsuru said. “We should
have a couple more years.”
Goro nodded. “It’s not the same thing as the cognitive world. Not the one that I know, at any
rate.”
He explained what had occurred while he was missing, although he omitted the nastier parts
of his shadows’ personalities. When he was done, Mitsuru, Akihiko, and Shinjiro were all
staring at the television in his room like it was a portal to hell.
“So you enter the metaverse through a television?” Shinjiro asked slowly.
Goro nodded.
Akihiko walked up to the television and poked it experimentally. His finger did not go
through the screen.
“How do you do it?” Akihiko asked.
Goro frowned. It hadn’t occurred to him that there might be a process behind it. He stood up
and joined Akihiko’s side.
“I don’t know,” he said. He brought his fingers towards the television. “I could ask the
others–”
Like it was cold water, Goro’s hand went straight through the television. Akihiko yelped as
the screen rippled. Goro yanked his hand out before he accidentally fell in.
“You don’t sleepwalk, do you?” Akihiko asked.
“Fortunately,” Goro said.
“I don’t get it,” Shinjiro said. “How come you can do it, but Aki can’t?”
“Maybe it’s because he’s already been in there?” Mitsuru asked. She touched the TV herself,
but her palm only pressed against the glass surface.
“If the killer was able to push me in, theoretically I could push you in as well,” Goro told
Akihiko. “Although, I have no idea how the killer came to his power.”
“Let’s not test it,” Akihiko said.
“That’s one mystery solved, at least,” Mitsuru said. “But Goro, we need to talk about where
we’re going to go from here.”
“I’m going to join this Investigation Team, obviously,” Goro said. “The rest of you can go
back home and continue your education and jobs. Don’t stay here on my account.”

“You make it sound so easy,” Shinjiro said.
“It is.” Goro rolled his eyes. “This group of students is inexperienced, but they seem to have
a handle on the way this world works. From the look of things, it doesn’t matter if you
already have a persona. You have to confront yourself regardless, and that is not nearly as
easy as it seems on paper.”
“We would do it,” Mitsuru said.
“No,” Goro said sharply. “You don’t understand. It’s dangerous. If you reject yourself, your
shadow will attack. The Investigation Team will fight your shadow, and they didn’t even
realize that killing your shadow would likely kill you until I told them.”
A stunned silence fell across the room.
“So much for being fine,” Shinjiro muttered.
“Did that happen to your shadow?” Akihiko asked. “Did this investigation team nearly kill
you?”
“I don’t know,” Goro said. “Yes, I guess. Look, your interference in this case will probably
serve as more of a hindrance than a help.”
“I’m not leaving you here,” Mitsuru said. “You almost died.”
“What is the killer going to do?” Goro asked. “Push me into the TV again? I’ve mastered my
shadow. I’ll be able to defend myself.”
“They could try to kill you in real life,” Shinjiro said. “You know, like a lot of killers out
there.”
“Shinji’s right,” Akihiko said. “What’s stopping them?”
“The obvious benefit of this television world is that it leaves little to no evidence,” Goro said.
“Besides, the killer doesn’t know my room number. He had to wait outside to attack me.”
“Speaking of which,” Mitsuru said. “What were you thinking? Going out alone at night?”
“I do it plenty in Iwatodai.”
“I didn’t like it then, either, but at least Iwatodai is a heavily populated city full of witnesses,”
Mitsuru said. “This is a small town that has nobody outside during the evening. Not to
mention a murderer is at large. You should have known better.”
She wasn’t wrong. Goro wasn’t sure what had possessed him either.
“You’re right,” Goro said. “I won’t go out alone at night. Happy?”
“I still don’t think it’s safe.”

“You can’t all drop your lives on my account!” Goro protested. “If things get truly dangerous,
I’ll ask for your help. But this is nothing like the Dark Hour. This is just one person abusing
the metaverse for their own gain. Once we stop him, it’s over.”
Mitsuru frowned. “I still don’t like this. You can’t keep living alone.”
Goro exhaled through his teeth. “Fine, if I figure out a new living situation, will you agree to
trust me on this?”
Mitsuru sighed. “Yes. I suppose.” She tucked her hair behind her ear. “But you have to have a
new place to stay with other people by the end of July, alright? That gives you plenty of time
to become acquainted with people. In the meantime, I expect you to call me every morning
and keep me updated on the situation.”
Goro resisted the temptation to roll his eyes. “Fine,” he said tersely. Ideally, the killer would
already be captured by that point.
“I can send some weapons and armor your way as well,” Mitsuru said. “If I can’t help
directly, I can at least offer some support.”
“I’m sure that will be appreciated,” Goro said.

Despite their agreement, Mitsuru insisted upon staying in Inaba for a few more days. Goro
hoped her college career wasn’t going to suffer too greatly because of him.
Still, she allowed Goro to do whatever the hell he wanted as long as it was broad daylight.
After having breakfast with the three of them, Goro went into town for the sake of fresh air.
He also had questions for this Investigation Team, but none of them had given him their
number. He needed to find them on his own.
Fortunately, Goro spotted Yu exiting the Velvet Room. He jogged up to him.
“You’re the wildcard, then?” Goro asked.
Yu’s eyes widened, and he frowned. “Um, what?”
“Wildcard,” Goro repeated. “You’re the one who has multiple personas.”
“Oh,” Yu said. “Yeah.” He glanced back at the Velvet Room door with a perturbed
expression. “Does that mean you can see the Velvet Room?”
“Yes,” Goro said. “I’m a wildcard too.”
“You are?” Yu’s shoulders sagged. “Well, I guess that’s part of the reason you have two
personas.” He hesitated. “Is it true that the Velvet Room changes forms depending on the
guest?”
Goro nodded. “It was an elevator a few years ago.”

“A few years ago?” Yu asked.
“How do you think I know Kirijo-san?” Goro asked. “Leaders of powerful organizations
don’t just happen upon foster kids.”
Goro reluctantly explained the events of Iwatodai to Yu, who looked a little sick after the
story was done.
“The world almost ended?”
“We survived,” Goro said. “This is the first time I’ve seen the Velvet Room since that point,
though.”
“Was the elevator your Velvet Room?” Yu asked.
“It’s all the same Velvet Room,” Goro said. “But no. Minato and I shared. It seems that you
and I are sharing now too.”
“I wonder what it would look like if it was just you,” Yu said.
Goro frowned. It had never occurred to him that the Velvet Room might have a unique
appearance for Goro alone. When would it ever even come up? Goro was always an
afterthought in someone else’s story. An unexpected side character. Igor said that Goro’s
contract would one day be fulfilled, but Goro had yet to see any evidence of that fact.
“I wonder,” Goro echoed. He shook himself mentally. Now was not the time to be worrying
about the Velvet Room. “Speaking of wondering, I had questions about your little
investigation. Care to share?”
“Oh yeah, we wanted to talk to you after you recovered,” Yu said. “Normally it takes more
than a few days.”
To be perfectly honest, Goro wasn’t in perfect condition. His heavy breakfast was struggling
to settle, and he felt exhausted. Still, he was well enough to get more answers.
“I guess I just have a good immune system.”
Yu snorted. “Good to know.”

“Thou art I… and I am Thou
Thou hast established a new bond…

One that furthers thy voyage for redemption

Thou shalt be blessed when creating
Personas of the Star Arcana…”

Yu pulled out his phone. “Let me contact the others,” he said. “Do you have a phone?”
Yu and Goro exchanged phone numbers, and Yu called his other teammates. Except for
Teddie. Had Goro hallucinated the mascot bear? He was too afraid to ask.
They all met up at the Junes food court, which was a new low for secret meeting locations. At
least the Shibuya station had been loud and populated. At Junes, Goro could hear a child
begging his mother for ice cream multiple yards away. Anyone would be able to overhear the
Investigation Team’s conversation about jumping into televisions.
When Goro brought this up, he received a few blank looks and nervous smiles.
“I mean, nobody really listens,” Chie said. “And it’s not like they’ll believe we’re being
serious if they hear us talking.”
“Yeah.” Yukiko nodded. “Most people think the midnight channel is just a rumor, since they
all just sleep through it on the nights it rains.”
“I’m not worried about random civilians,” Goro said, although he was slightly worried about
young children who might want to spy on the Investigation Team jumping into the television.
Fortunately, the ability to enter televisions seemed to be difficult to transfer to others, so the
children weren’t at much risk. “I’m worried about us. What if the killer overhears this very
subtle conversation?”
The child started crying as the mother dragged him away from the ice cream stand. Goro
waited for someone to respond.
“That’s… actually a really good question,” Kanji said.
“Surely the killer already knows that we’re a problem, right?” Yosuke said. “I mean, that ship
sailed a while ago. People aren’t dying anymore.”
“Yeah, but the killer doesn’t necessarily know that we’re the ones doing the rescuing,” Yu
said. He looked nauseous. “Except that we’re talking about it in an open public space.”
At least someone in this group had common sense.
“But the killer only uses the television to kill people.” Despite her words, Chie lowered her
voice and glanced around nervously. “What would they be able to do to us?”
“We all have loved ones,” Yu said.
“You don’t think he’d threaten them, do you?” Yukiko asked.

“What’s stopping him?” Kanji demanded. “Heck, what’s stopping him from throwing
multiple people in the TV at once? Would we be able to save them in time?”
The enormity of what the group of teens had gotten themselves into seemed to settle on
everyone. Chie jumped to her feet.
“Then, what are we still doing here?!” She put her hands on her hips. “Come on, let’s find a
more secure location.”
“Where?” Yosuke asked. “It’s not like we can do it at our houses. Our families would get
super suspicious!”
“And our entry point is still the Junes electronics department,” Yukiko said. “I’m not sure we
can change that. Teddie’s waiting for us on the other side.”
Teddie lived in the TV world? At least that explained why he wasn’t there with them.
“Well, it’s worth pretending that you care about subtlety,” Goro said. “Even if it’s too late
now.”
“It would be kind of neat to have a sort of secret hideout,” Kanji said.
“Yeah, except that we don't have anywhere we can meet,” Yosuke said. “Unless someone’s
house is conveniently empty for most of the day.” He frowned. “Well, come to think of it, my
parents are busy at work for most of the day.”
“Can’t we just pretend we’re a study group?” Yukiko asked. “My parents wouldn’t get
suspicious if we said that.”
“Good point,” Yosuke said. “Hey, Yu, your bedroom is pretty big, and Dojima-san is usually
home late in the day–”
Yu shook his head. “Nanako would tell him, and he’s already suspicious of you guys.”
“Hey, Yosuke,” Chie said. “Isn’t your house really close to Junes anyways?”
“Well, yeah, I guess,” Yosuke admitted. “Ugh, fine. We can go to my place. But don’t judge
the state of my room, alright? I didn’t realize I was going to be having an army of guests.”
“We don’t have to go there right now,” Yu said. “We need to properly introduce Akechi-kun
to Teddie anyways, so we might as well go to the TV world to talk.”
“Oh yeah, good point,” Chie said with a small nod. “We can have most of our meetings in the
TV world, and we’ll go to Yosuke’s place when we don't want to make the journey.”
Goro remembered from first-hand experience how wearying a trip to the metaverse could be,
no matter how short. He understood why they would want to skip the trip when they could.
“It’s better than here,” Goro said. He stood up. “Very well, then. Shall we get going?”

The Junes electronics department was remarkably empty. Goro had a feeling it had something
to do with the sheer amount of money it cost to buy the cheapest flatscreen television sitting
against the wall.
“Looks like it’s all clear,” Yosuke said. “Let’s go.”
Everybody stood uncomfortably close to each other before toppling over into the television.
Goro’s stomach swooped as they all started falling into a white abyss; he held his breath to
stop himself from shouting in alarm. Everybody else was relatively calm about the void and
the faint sound of television static that surrounded them. Goro could get used to it as well.
They landed in the fog-filled world. Goro vaguely recognized the cameras and lights that
surrounded them, but it was still hard to make anything out in the fog.
Teddie approached them. “You guys came! It’s felt like furever.”
Goro grit his teeth. He would not have a vendetta against bad puns just because of one bad
person. He would not have a vendetta against bad puns. Even if they were horrible. Even if
they were exactly something Ikutsuki would say.
“It’s been two days,” Yosuke said.
“Hi, Teddie,” Yu said. “You haven’t happened to make a new pair of glasses for Goro, have
you?”
“I don’t have much else to do,” Teddie said. He pulled a pair of glasses from somewhere
within his bear suit. Did it have pockets? “Here you go, Grr-o.”
Goro snatched the glasses from Teddie before he punched him. “Make a pun out of my name
again, and you will regret it.”
“Oh, okay,” Teddie said, actually sounding slightly hurt. He took a small step away from him.
“Some people are just too fur-ocious for my jokes.”
Goro twitched. To make matters worse, the glasses were almost the same size and shape as
Akira’s in the past timeline.
“Aw, I like your jokes, Teddie,” Chie said. “Although, you might want to branch out from the
bear theme. It’s getting kind of old.”
“Thank you very much for your review, Chie-chan!” Teddie said, obviously brightening. “I
will take your feedback to heart.”
Goro put the glasses on, and the fog disappeared immediately. The sheer difference was
remarkable; it was like the fog didn’t exist at all. How the hell did these glasses work?
No. It wasn’t worth getting a migraine over.

Still, most of him wanted to take the glasses off and crush them beneath his foot. He
shouldn’t be wearing glasses that looked like Akira’s. Why had Teddie even thought to make
these?
“Do you like them?” Teddie asked. “I saw your smaller shadow pull them out of his pocket,
so I thought they might be perfectly fitted for you.”
Goro wanted to die of a mixture of embarrassment and rage. Instead, he kept his mouth shut
and nodded.
“Thank you, Teddie-kun,” Goro said with a small bow.
Now that both his head and vision were clearer, Goro could plainly see that they stood in
some sort of recording studio. It was extremely reminiscent of the studios Goro used to
frequent for interviews as the detective prince. Lights and cameras pointed at him from every
angle. On reflex, Goro stood more upright and smoothed his features.
“Where are we?” Goro asked.
“We don't really know,” Chie admitted. “I mean, obviously, it’s an entrance to the TV world,
but other than that...”
“Nobody uses these cameras?” Goro asked, his voice getting sharper. “They aren’t the source
of the midnight channel?”
“If I’ve said it once, I've said it a hundred times,” Teddie said. His bear face contorted into a
scowl. Somehow. “I’m the only one here! Other than the shadows, of course.”
“You were created here?” Goro asked. “What are you?”
“A bear, of course,” Teddie said.
“I hate to break it to you, but you don't exactly look like the bears we have in the real world,”
Yosuke said.
“I must be a special kind of bear,” Teddie said.
“How were you created?” Goro asked.
“I… I don’t know.” Teddie frowned.
Yosuke turned toward Goro with a grimace. “Before you ask, I will warn you ahead of time,”
he said. “It’s not just a costume. He’s hollow on the inside.”
“Rude!” Teddie said. “That sort of thing is private!”
“Is it?” Yukiko asked, sounding genuinely curious.
“Well, not really,” Teddie said. “But I prefer to tell people about my lack of an inside myself,
thank you very much.” He turned his back toward Yosuke with a huff.

“Oh. Sorry?” Yosuke didn't sound very apologetic.
“Apology accepted,” Teddie said, even though he still had his back to Yosuke.
None of Goro’s pertinent questions had anything to do with Teddie’s anatomy.
“Yukiko mentioned that we can only enter through the Junes electronics department,” Goro
said. “Why?”
“Each television takes you to a different part of the TV world,” Yu said. “And Teddie kind of
serves as our guide here. We can’t take the risk of ending up in a completely different place.”
“I’m also the one who lets you out,” Teddie said. “You wouldn't want to get stranded again,
would you?”
So they were putting their lives in the hands of a single being born in the metaverse. And
Goro thought this couldn’t get any worse.
Fortunately, if Goro’s memory served, they exited through the three televisions stacked on
top of one another. Unless Teddie had a way of getting rid of them, they could still get out if
Teddie decided to desert or betray them.
“Do you have any more questions?” Yu asked.
So many.
“I admit I don’t know much about this case,” Goro said. “If you really are the investigation
team you claim to be, do you have any information?”
“Uh, we do, actually,” Kanji said, glancing hesitantly at Yu.
“Does this mean you’re joining the team?” Yosuke asked.
“No, I’m going to leave this town and never look back,” Goro said sarcastically. “Unless you
don’t want me, yes, I would like to be a part of this team.”
“Do you promise not to kill us?” Yosuke asked.
“Yosuke,” Yukiko hissed as Goro flinched. “We talked about this.”
“Okay, okay, bad joke. Sorry,” Yosuke conceded. He lowered his voice and turned toward the
rest of the group, but Akechi could still hear him easily. “Are we sure we’re doing this?”
“He’s like… twelve.” Chie said, not bothering to lower her voice. “I could bench press him.”
“For the last time, I am thirteen, and I could kill you all in your sleep,” Goro snapped.
Which… did not help his case. “But I won’t because I’m a better person… I hope.”
“It’s not about that,” Yosuke said. “Are we really going to recruit a thirteen-year-old kid?”
“Is he really thirteen?” Yukiko asked.

“Yosuke, he can handle himself,” Yu said. He gave Akechi a knowing look. “I understand
where you’re coming from, but… he’s going to investigate whether we like it or not. Trust
me.”
Yosuke sighed. “Ugh, fine.”
“Besides,” Yu said, a sly grin growing on his face. “Chie’s right. He’s tiny. We can always
grab him by the shirt if he starts running into danger.”
Yosuke relaxed, and Goro bit his tongue to stop himself from cursing everyone into oblivion.
“Great!” Yosuke said cheerfully. To his credit, his voice was only mildly strained. “Welcome
aboard!”
“I thought Yu was the leader,” Goro said dryly. “Shouldn’t he be saying that?”
“We technically already talked it over after we rescued you,” Yu said.
“We figured that if you were so determined to fight your evil shadow, you couldn’t be too
evil yourself,” Kanji said. “And your younger shadow didn't paint you in a super negative
light.”
Goro wasn’t going to argue, although for all the Investigation Squad knew, he easily might
have rejected his shadow because of the presence of an audience. It was harder to counter that
his other shadow was so painfully vulnerable that Goro would have a hard time intimidating
anyone in this group ever again.
“Hopefully, your detective skills will come in handy, because your kidnapping has messed up
our theories a bit,” Yukiko said.
“Fantastic,” Goro said. “Let’s hear it.”
Apparently, the Investigation Team had decided that the victims had one thing in common:
they all appeared on the television a few nights before they were taken. That connection
made it difficult to trace a motive or a person, but it helped them predict who might be taken
next. Additionally, both Yukiko and Kanji had been kidnapped when they answered the
doorbell, and they had (albeit vague) connections to the first victim.
Goro broke all of these patterns. He never appeared on the Inaba television before he was
taken. And he was taken on his way to the inn, not at the doorbell.
“Well that part can be pretty easily explained,” Yosuke said. “The killer knew you lived at the
inn, but they didn’t know which room. He had to get creative.”
“Not to mention it would be difficult to remain inconspicuous if the killer entered the inn and
went to my room,” Goro said. “There would be more potential witnesses.”
“Alright, but what about the television thing?” Kanji said.

“It’s unlikely that it’s a different culprit,” Goro said. “I would hope that only a select number
of people in Inaba are able to fling people into televisions.”
“And the killer definitely targeted Akechi,” Yosuke said. “I mean, I think we can all agree
that they were waiting for Akechi to appear, right?”
“But how would they have known that Akechi was even going to leave the inn that night?”
Chie asked.
Nobody had a good response to that.
“Another thing,” Goro said. “The killer had to have gotten me to a television without there
being any witnesses. But there aren’t any large televisions just lying around on the street. It’s
safe to assume there might have been a vehicle around containing a television, but I don’t
remember seeing any distinguishing vehicles.”
Kanji threw his head back with a sigh. “Well, there’s another dead end.” He glowered.
“Why’d the killer even target you anyway?”
“Oh! Maybe he did something to make the culprit want to get rid of him,” Yukiko said.
“That would be a great theory if it weren’t for the fact that I’ve hardly interacted with anyone
since my arrival,” Goro said.
“Adachi did mention he talked to you about the case,” Yu said.
“Maybe the culprit realized you were intending to investigate, and they wanted to get rid of
you before you found anything out!” Chie said excitedly.
“It’s a possibility,” Goro admitted. “But I spoke with Adachi in broad daylight. The culprit
could have been anyone in the shopping district.”
Including Adachi, for that matter.
Yu seemed to have a similar idea. “Do you think it could have been Adachi?” he asked,
looking sick.
“I did say he could be the murderer to his face,” Goro said.
“Oh, come on,” Yosuke said. “This is Adachi we’re talking about. He can’t even patrol
without messing something up.”
Yosuke had a point.
“It’s worth at least checking,” Yu said.

When they exited the TV world, Yu pulled out his phone and made a call.

“Hey, Adachi,” Yu said. “Do you remember where you were on the night Akechi was taken?
…It was the fifth.”
Goro put his head in his hands. Wasn’t Adachi one of the ones investigating this case? How
did he not remember the night Goro was taken?
Yu lowered his phone. “He said he was at home.”
That was an incredibly unhelpful alibi.
“What about the night Kanji was taken?” Yosuke asked.
“What about when Kanji was taken?” Yu asked. A long pause. “No, we were just
wondering.”
Yu lowered his phone again. “He says he was at the station and that we can ask Dojima or
any of the other officers.”
“Just put it on speaker already,” Kanji snapped.
Yu’s face went red. “Oh. Right.”
“You still there?” Adachi was asking.
“Oh yeah,” Yu said. “You just cut out for a second.”
“Yeah, well, if you say so,” Adachi said. “I’m at the station right now in case you’re
wondering about that too. That Akechi kid’s test results came in. Apparently the killer
drugged him with ketamine. Doesn’t really narrow things down, seeing as you can buy that
stuff off the dark web, but–” Goro could hear the sound of Dojima’s distant shouting. “Ah,
shit. Got to go!”
“He’s too incompetent,” Goro said.
Yu called Dojima, taking him off of the speakerphone. “Hey, Dojima-san?” Yu nodded.
“Yeah, I was just wondering where you were when Kanji was reported missing.” A long
silence. Yu grimaced. “Got it, bye.”
“What did he say?” Chie asked.
“The same thing,” Yu said. “Apparently, he and Adachi were at the station for the entire day
when Kanji’s mom called. He also said that if we were still investigating to knock it off.”
“Like that was going to work,” Yosuke said.
“Then, Adachi couldn’t have done it,” Kanji said. “I was taken after school that day.”
“There you go, then.” Chie let out a sigh of relief. “The culprit must be someone else.”
“And we are no closer to figuring out who it is,” Goro said.

“We’ll just keep our eyes peeled,” Yu said. “Hopefully, the killer returns to his usual pattern
after this.”
“Now that we’ve got Akechi-kun on the team, we should probably go into the TV world
tomorrow and practice fighting alongside with him,” Yosuke said. “If you’re all free, of
course.”
Everybody agreed, and Goro received all their phone numbers. The group dispersed, and
Goro returned to the inn.
“How’re you feeling?” Shinjiro asked when Goro entered the room, beating Mitsuru to the
punch.
“I don’t need you mothering me too,” Goro said. “Has everyone forgotten that I am older
than you?”
Shinjiro snorted, leaning further back into the sofa’s cushions. “Uh huh, and I will continue to
forget until your voice goes down a couple more octaves.”
Goro picked up the nearest pillow and threw it at Shinjiro’s stupid smirk. Mitsuru caught it
before it could hit its mark.
“Behave,” she said.
“I’ll behave when he does,” Goro said.
“Oh, come on,” Shinjiro said. “Aki, you’ll back me, right? Do you seriously look at this
dumbass and think of a wise and mature adult?”
“I don’t know,” Akihiko said, looking up from the boxing match playing on the television.
“Some of the stuff that comes out of his mouth does not scream middle schooler.”
“Give me a break.” Shinjiro crossed his arms. “With that logic, Ken-kun must be forty.”
Goro gaped. “Are you saying that Ken is more mature than me?”
“You said it, not me.”
Goro picked up another pillow. Instead of throwing it, he marched up to Shinjiro and raised
his makeshift weapon above his head—
Mitsuru grabbed the pillow before Goro could slam the thing on top of Shinjiro’s head.
“Please,” Mitsuru said in exasperation. “Starting a pillow fight will not prove your point.”
Goro froze and stared up at the pillow. He loosened his iron grip. What was he doing? This
was the sort of childishness that even Ken would scoff at.
“It’ll make me feel better,” he said half-heartedly.

Mitsuru’s mouth twitched. “Well, far be it from me to ruin your fun. Just know I won’t be
paying for any damaged furniture.”
Mitsuru let go of the pillow, and Goro’s arm fell limply to his side. The pillow slipped from
his fingers and landed with a quiet thump.
Goro cleared his throat, feeling suddenly embarrassed. “Emiko must be rubbing off on me,”
he said.
Shinjiro hummed and picked up the pillow. Without warning, he threw the thing at Goro’s
face. Goro squawked indignantly and caught the pillow with both hands.
“What was that for?!” he demanded.
Shinjiro shrugged. “You were going to do the same to me.”
Mitsuru sighed defeatedly. “I’m going out,” she said. “I hope to see this place in one piece
when I return.”
As soon as Mitsuru left the room, Akihiko leapt to his feet and grabbed a pillow for each
hand.
“Bet I could beat both of you in a pillow fight.”
A wild grin formed on Goro’s face. “Oh, you’re on.”

Chapter End Notes

Not that part at the beginning of the game where you make social links with anyone you
speak to
Someone drew more beautiful concept art of shadow loki!! It looks very cool and all of
you should go and admire it.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 48: June 15–20, 2011
Chapter Summary

IS THAT NANAKO
omg guys it nanako

Chapter Notes

tw: child neglect, some vaguely referenced homophobia, ptsd, referenced kidnapping
probably

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The next afternoon, Goro and Kanji sat alone in the Junes food court. They agreed to change
their meeting location for actual meetings, but they needed somewhere to sit while they
waited for all the others to come before they entered the television.
Goro arrived far earlier than the agreed time. This was partly an accident; Goro was less
familiar with the amount of time it took to walk from place to place. It was also partly
intentional; as a new member of the team, Goro hated to be late.
Regardless, Goro didn’t want to go back to the inn. Thanks to Akihiko’s determination to
beat them in a pillow fight, which was not Goro’s idea, things might have gotten a bit out of
hand the night before. A pillow might have been destroyed in the process.
Mitsuru was not pleased. Goro maintained that it was Akihiko’s fault.
Regardless, Kanji arrived a few minutes after Goro. “Oh, I thought for sure I’d be the first
one here,” he said, scratching the back of his neck. “How’re you doing?”
“Fine,” Goro said pleasantly.
Kanji sat down across from Goro, opening a bag of crackers as they both waited for the
others to arrive.
And waited.
It was at times like these that Goro wished smart phones were popular. The distraction of a
screen would make this interaction far less awkward. As it was, the crunching of Kanji’s
crackers was the only sound that filled the silence.

Kanji seemed a little more comfortable with the awkward silence, but he eventually gave
Goro an embarrassed look.
“So,” he said. “What do you think of Inaba so far?”
“I was kidnapped for a third of the time I’ve been here, so I don't think I can make a
favorable verdict,” Goro said dryly.
“Good point,” Kanji said, grimacing. “If it makes you feel better, I spent a long time in my
dungeon place too.”
“Was it a bathhouse?” Goro asked.
“Yeah.” Kanji munched on another animal cracker. “My shadow really wanted me to know I
wasn’t attracted to girls, which, of course, I’m–”
“Me neither,” Goro said, not in the mood to hear any bullshit.
Kanji choked. “Sorry?”
“Who gives a shit if you’re not straight?” Goro asked. “It’s not anyone’s business who you’re
interested in anyway.”
“Um, I think Yosuke might beg to differ.”
Goro frowned. “Then, Yosuke’s either an asshole or put off by steamy bathhouses,” he said.
“Ugh, I don’t want to talk about this right now,” Kanji said. “I’d rather forget my shadow
ever existed. Let’s change the subject.”
“Sure.” To be fair to Kanji, if Goro’s shadow had shown up half naked on television, he
would like to forget that had ever happened as well. Goro would like to forget his own
shadows ever existed as they were.
Unfortunately, Goro was not good at finding conversation topics.
“Your family runs a textile shop?” Goro asked.
“Oh yeah, but it’s just my ma now,” Kanji said. He inspected the cracker in his hand
carefully.
“What are you doing?” Goro asked.
“Oh, I’m trying to see if this guys a penguin.”
“I didn’t realize it was so important.” There was a “secret penguin” image on the wrapper,
but Goro had never put much stock in that sort of thing.
“It’s super rare,” Kanji said. “That’s why I want to find one.”
“What will you do with it?”

“I don’t know.” Kanji frowned. “I guess I’ll eat it? Nah, that seems like such a waste. I’ll take
a picture of it, and then I’ll eat it.”
“Well thought out,” Goro said.
“All thanks to you.” Clearly deciding his cracker was not a penguin, he stuffed it into his
mouth. “You’re a pretty smart kid, you know that?” He swallowed. “Although, I guess that
makes sense. You’ve already done all of high school, haven’t you?”
“Trust me,” Goro said. “Completing high school does not necessarily mean you come out of
it with common sense.”
It was odd. Kanji reminded Goro quite a bit of Ryuji. If Ryuji had a sliver of common sense
and wasn’t obsessed with girls.
“That’s because they don’t have a class on that stuff,” Kanji said.
Goro cracked a small smile. “Do you think you’d pass?”
Kanji shrugged. “Dunno. Guess that’s the sort of thing you learn with experience, huh?”
“Sometimes I wonder.”

“Thou art I… and I am Thou
Thou hast established a new bond…

One that furthers thy voyage for redemption

Thou shalt be blessed when creating
Personas of the Emperor Arcana…”

“Hey guys!” Chie said, jogging up to two of them. “I’m not late, am I?”
“Wait, what’s that supposed to mean?” Kanji demanded, jumping to his feet. “We’ve been
here for thirty minutes! Don’t tell me they’ve already gone into the TV world without us.”
Chie laughed. “Of course they wouldn’t. I just thought I was running a few minutes late.”
“You are,” Goro said. “We were supposed to have all met up fifteen minutes ago.”

“We really aren’t a punctual bunch, huh?” Kanji said. He sat back down. “At least I had time
to finish my crackers.”
“Oh, did you find the penguin?” Chie asked.
“You care?” Goro asked. He had literally never heard anyone talk about finding penguins in
their snack bags before in his life.
“Yeah, duh,” Chie said as if it were the most obvious thing in the world.
Within the next ten minutes, everyone else arrived, saying they’d gotten distracted on their
way back from school. Goro tried not to be extremely unimpressed.
They entered the TV world and met Teddie. From the corner of the room, Goro heard a
yipping sound. He put on his glasses and saw a fox sitting to his right.
“Why is there a fox?” Goro asked.
“He heals us,” Chie said. “Pretty neat, huh?”
“Don’t question it too much,” Yosuke said.
Goro wanted to question it. He wanted to question it so badly.
“I do ema requests for him,” Yu explained. “He gives us magical leaves if we pay him a small
fortune.”
“What does the fox do with the money?”
“We don’t really know,” Yukiko admitted.
Goro stopped questioning it. The fox seemed to nod in approval at Goro’s resignation.
Unfortunately, the TV palaces didn’t fall apart after the shadows disappeared. And since there
was no equivalent to Mementos or Tartarus, they had to grind in the empty shells of their
hidden selves.
Goro refused to enter his diet-building themed dungeon. Kanji and Yosuke refused to enter
the bathhouse dungeon, which was good, because Goro had yet to recover from his fear of
drowning. Yukiko was willing to allow them to go to her dungeon, which was apparently a
castle. It was the least triggering thematically out of all of them, although Yukiko looked a
little pale at the thought of going in there.
“Saki-senpai’s was the shopping district,” Yosuke explained when Goro asked about Konishi
and Yamanos dungeons. “And Yamano-san’s was a room with a noose.”
Goro hated this place.
“The castle is good for supplies and training anyway,” Yu said. “Are you sure about this,
Yukiko?”

“We have to train somehow, right?” she asked, putting on a shaky smile. “Besides, I don’t
remember much of when I was taken. I should be fine.”
To her credit, she handled their traversal into her dungeon quite well. Her shadow’s secret
must have been buried less deep than some of the others’.
Yu taught Goro the new shuffle time system. It was very similar to the one in the Dark Hour,
with only a few minor changes. Everyone was appropriately shocked and awed to hear that
Goro had the same special abilities as Yu. Goro wondered if the Phantom Thieves would
react the same way when they realized Goro and Akira were both wildcards.
Then again, that was assuming Goro even joined the Phantom Thieves. Even after three
years, Goro wasn’t sure he approved of the Phantom Thieves’ methodology.
But they were better than murder.
Goro put it out of his head. They had a murder case to solve. Then, Goro could begin
worrying about what to do with Shido. He still had time.
He still had time.

Mitsuru finally agreed to take her fancy limo and drive out of Inaba the next day.
“Remember what we agreed,” Mitsuru said. “You have to make safe choices. And call me
every day, or I will be dragging you back to Iwatodai.”
"I’m going to be fine,” Goro said.
“Safe choices,” Akihiko repeated as he entered the car. His smile was a little more teasing,
even though his eyes were as serious as Mitsuru’s.
“Don’t do anything I would do,” Shinjiro said.
“That should be easy,” Goro said, smirking. “I’m far more reckless than you.”
“Don’t give yourself too much credit.” Shinjiro rolled his eyes. “Seriously, don’t die.”
“That goes for you too.”
“I’ll do my best.”
Shinjiro got into the car. Mitsuru gave him one last wave goodbye before directing her driver
to leave. Goro watched them go with a mixture of relief and sadness.
Mostly relief. He finally had the freedom to make debatably unsafe choices without Mitsuru
knowing about them.

After classes ended, Akira accosted Goro as he exited the library. Goro was so surprised that
he stopped in the middle of the hallway.
“Hey, Akechi-kun,” Akira said brightly. “Do you want to walk home from school together?”
Goro tried to seem somewhat disinterested as he raised his eyebrows. “Why do you ask?”
“I mean, you were taken recently, right?” Akira asked. His wet hair was plastered against his
forehead. “And things might be getting more dangerous. There’s safety in numbers.”
Akira was right. Mitsuru would be glad to know that Goro had a “buddy” when he walked
home from school too. It could be something to report to her.
Also, it was Akira.
“That sounds reasonable to me,” Goro said. He glanced out the nearby window. “It still
seems to be raining outside too.”
“Oh no, what a coincidence,” Akira said unconvincingly. “I left my umbrella at home.”
Goro frowned. “But it was raining this morning.”
“It started when I was half-way there,” Akira said with a reluctant smile. “I had to run here
from the elementary school in the pouring rain.
“Why didn’t you run to your house?”
“This place is closer,” Akira said, even though Goro didn’t think that was true. “Do you think
we could try to share that umbrella?”
Goro sighed, but he bit back a smile. Some of the older Akira was in there somewhere after
all. That was exactly the sort of thing he’d try to pull back when Goro was trying to spy on
him.
“Fine, then,” Goro said. “Just this once.”
“For the record,” Akira said as he stood up and grabbed his bag. “I don’t want to be
kidnapped, either. Safety in numbers, right?”
“I guess it’s a win-win situation for you, isn’t it?”
“Maybe.”

The following day, Goro spotted Yu, Yukiko, and Chie heading to Junes after school. Akira
had already returned to his house, so Goro jogged after them.
“Are we going to the TV today?” Goro asked. He hadn’t received a text, and he was going to
be extremely irritated if he found out the others were going without him.

“Nope,” Chie said. “We’re shopping for our school campout.”
“We’re going to make curry,” Yukiko said.
It was a good thing Goro wasn’t going. There was no way that Yukiko and Chie would be
able to make curry that lived up to his internal standard of Sakura’s curry. However, Shinjiro
made a decent curry, and Goro learned a thing or two from him.
“Do you know how to make curry, Yu-senpai?” Goro asked Yu.
Yu shook his head. “Not specifically no.”
“Don’t worry,” Chie said. “We’ve got this.”
Goro didn’t trust overconfidence, especially after Yu leaned toward him and whispered,
“They definitely don’t got this.”
“I heard that!” Chie snapped. Yukiko gave Yu an icy glare.
“Sorry, ma’am,” Yu said, straightening.
“Maybe I should come with you,” Goro said. “And give some advice.”
“Have you made curry before, Akechi-kun?” Yukiko asked.
“With a friend,” Goro said.
Yu looked slightly relieved when the girls agreed to have Goro come along. Together, they
paraded into Junes and headed directly to the grocery department.
“Alright,” Chie said, beaming. “We’re going to pick out the ingredients, and then Goro can
inspect them when we’re done.”
“Y-yes,” Yukiko said. “I like that idea.”
The two started to inspect every ingredient in the store as Yu and Goro were left helpless to
watch.
“I had the strangest day yesterday,” Yu said as they watched Yukiko pick up a cabbage.
“How so?”
“Yosuke wanted us to get bikes to go to the city,” Yu said. “He also wanted us to hit on girls.”
Goro grimaced. “Small problem. None of us knew how to hit on girls.”
“What made him think that would be a good idea?”
“I have no idea,” Yu said. “Especially since he told me he doesn’t want a girlfriend right
now.”

Goro’s opinion of Yosuke seemed to lower by the day. Then, he remembered how much he
hated Junpei initially.
No. Junpei had earned Goro’s respect. Yosuke had only earned Goro’s politeness. He did
have the ability to take things seriously, which was something Junpei initially lacked.
“Alright, Akechi-kun!” Chie said, marching up to them with her basket full of groceries.
“What are your thoughts?”
Goro looked down at the ingredients the two girls had selected. He didn't even know where to
begin. Sakura-san would have died from shock.
“Is that potato starch?” Goro asked. “And cake mix?”
“Is that not good?” Yukiko asked.
Yu picked up the packet of baker's chocolate. “You were going to put chocolate in our
curry?” he asked.
“To spice things up,” Chie said. “Do you have a problem with that?!”
Yu took the kimchi from the basket, and his frown deepened.
“Where’s the rice?” Goro asked.
“Oh, I knew we were missing something,” Yukiko said. “I’ll go get some.”
“Before you go, you need to return half of the ingredients in this basket back to their
shelves,” Goro said. “You’re not making curry. You’re making an amalgamation of all the
items in the store and calling it a dish.”
“Oh, and you think you could do better?” Chie asked, crossing her arms.
“I know I could do better.”
“I could probably do better,” Yu said. “And I’ve never made curry before.”
“Well–” Some of Chie’s bluster faded. “Neither have we. But that doesn’t mean we can’t
cook!”
“They’re the ones cooking your meal tomorrow?” Goro asked.
Yu nodded, looking queasy.
“I’m going to teach the three of you how to make curry,” Goro said. “Who has a kitchen I can
borrow?”
“We can do it at my house,” Yu said. “I can serve the finished result for dinner.”
“Assuming it's any good,” Chie sniffed.

As they walked to Yu’s house, Goro texted Shinji to get a review on a proper curry recipe.
The steps were fairly simple, and Goro thought it was a meal that he’d be able to execute
without assistance.
“Hey, Nanako!” Yu called out as they entered the house. “I brought some friends over.”
“Really?” A little girl jumped to her feet from the living area of the house and ran up to the
four of them. Her eyes went extremely wide.
“Wow, Amgai-san, Satanoka-san, and–”
“Akechi,” Goro said.
“Pleased to meet you,” Nanako said, bowing.
“It’s good to see you too, Nanako-chan,” Yukiko said. “We’ve just come to practice cooking
curry for the school campout tomorrow.”
“Really?” Nanako asked. “Will I be able to eat it later?”
“We’ll save a portion just for you and Dojima-san,” Yu promised.
Nanako nodded. “Dad loves curry,” she said.
Goro told Chie and Yukiko to begin slicing vegetables. Fortunately, the two seemed to know
their way around a cutting board. They did not immediately go for a meat knife, although
Chie looked like she had contemplated it.
“What is your relationship with Dojima-san?” Goro asked as Yu began pouring the rice in the
pot.
“He’s my uncle,” Yu said. “My parents went overseas for business, so he agreed to take me in
for the year.”
A set of circumstances not unlike Akira’s.
Goro carefully coached the group on the correct order to add and mix the ingredients. Both
Chie and Yukiko were extremely overeager with the spices and flour. By the time they were
done, the kitchen counter was covered in various shades of red and white.
Nanako looked up from her quiz show and smiled. “It smells good.”
“No thanks to us,” Chie said, who learned a little humility in the ordeal.
“It’s a learning process,” Goro said charitably.
“When will we eat?” Nanako asked.
“In a few minutes,” Yu said, glancing at the door with a small frown. “Let’s see if your dad
comes home.”

Dojima didn’t come home. Yu invited the others to stay over for dinner. The food was
enjoyable enough, although the sun went down while they ate together. Goro would have to
walk back to the inn in the dark. Hopefully Yukiko would be willing to accompany him, or
Mitsuru might kill him for walking alone at night.
Besides, Goro wasn’t thrilled at the thought of getting jumped again.
“That was really good,” Nanako told the others. “Thank you very much.”
“I’ll try to make it again sometime,” Yu said. He pulled a small notebook out of one of the
kitchen drawers. Goro was reminded of Fuuka’s book of cooking notes. “Could you remind
me of the steps, Akechi-kun?”
Goro began reciting the ingredients and instructions for the curry as Dojima-san entered the
house. Nanako greeted him cheerfully.
“We saved some curry for you,” she said.
“You have guests,” Dojima observed as he pulled off his shoes.
“Sorry,” Yu said. His voice turned a few degrees colder. “You weren’t home to ask.”
Dojima sighed. “No, it’s fine,” he said. “You made curry?”
“It was practice for the school campout,” Yukiko said. “Akechi-kun taught us.”
Dojima raised his eyebrows. “Akechi-kun?” he asked, sounding properly alarmed now. Goro
couldn’t blame him. “How’d you come to know each other?”
“Yosuke and Yukiko were the ones to find me,” Goro said pleasantly. “They checked back to
make sure that I was alright, and I suppose I became acquainted with the rest of their friend
group as well.”
Dojima hummed and nodded, still looking wary. He likely connected the dots that Yu’s
collection of friends were almost all the victims of past kidnapping incidents.
“You kids should get home,” he said. “It’s dark out.”
“We’ll walk together,” Chie promised. “Thank you, Dojima-san.”
The three of them stood up and left.
“I thought I told you to stay out of this,” Dojima said right before Chie slid the front door
shut, blocking out the conversation.
“I hope we didn’t get Yu-kun into too much trouble,” Yukiko said as they started to walk
away.
“Dojima-san’s kind of hard on him, huh?” Chie asked.

“He’s behaving like any reasonable guardian would behave, I hope,” Goro said. “If it weren’t
for these specific circumstances, children would have no business risking their lives
investigating murders.”
“Oh,” Chie said. “I guess you have a point.”
“I’m glad Yu-kun has someone like Dojima-san looking out for him,” Yukiko said.
Goro frowned. “Indeed.”
Chariot Arcana: Rank 2

While the rest of the crew were away on their school campout, Goro finally found the
opportunity to try the cafe in the shopping district. The coffee was adequate, and Goro shot
Minato a text recommending the place. Not that Minato would likely find the time to travel
all the way to Inaba just for a cup of coffee.
Goro was on his way back from his drink when he spotted Adachi once again standing at the
corner by the gas station. Adachi gave him a wave as Goro reluctantly approached. Goro
would like to get this social link over with so that he could have Velvet Room benefits
without spending the rest of his year in Adachi’s company.
“Hey, Akechi-kun,” Adachi said. “Getting back into the groove of things?”
“There wasn’t much of a groove to begin with,” Goro said. “But I think I’m beginning to
develop a routine.”
“I saw you coming out of that cafe,” Adachi said. “Aren’t you a little young to be enjoying
coffee?”
“On the contrary, I thought it was fairly good,” Goro said, forcing on a smile. “It was
certainly better than some muck I’ve had in the past.”
“Oh yeah?” Adachi said. “I’ve been to some pretty nice coffee shops in the city, but I’ve had
my fair share of caffeine filled garbage too.”
“You’re from the city?” Goro asked.
“Yep,” Adachi said. “I got transferred here somewhat recently. Not what I expected when I
signed up, but what can you do, right?”
“It’s probably for the best,” Goro said.
“You think so?”
“I would like to believe that this smaller precinct is freer from the sort of corruption that I’ve
seen in larger police forces,” Goro said. “But maybe I’m just being optimistic.”

Adachi whistled. “You’re kind of jaded, you know that?”
Goro laughed politely. “Ignore me. I know I can come off as paranoid at times.”
“Still trying to find the killer?” Adachi asked.
“Cautiously,” Goro said. “Congratulations on acquiring an alibi.”
“Lucky me,” Adachi said. He sighed. “I’m going to have to stay vigilant if even students are
investigating these things now. I might be out of a job.”
“It’s a miracle you still have one in the first place,” Goro muttered.
“Hey!” Adachi said. “I heard that!” He frowned. “It’s kind of weird to see you without
Narukami-kun and his pals. You guys have been hanging out recently, right?”
Goro frowned. “What makes you say that?”
“Dojima-san told me,” Adachi said. “He thinks you lot are a bad influence, but he’s more
worried that you’re the one being badly influenced, to be honest.”
“I’m touched to hear he has faith in his nephew,” Goro said sarcastically.
Adachi winced. “Ouch. Guess you don’t agree, then, huh?”
“I’m not being led to a life of crime,” Goro said. “And we’re not doing anything dangerous.
Is asking questions so wrong?”
Adachi’s expression became more serious. “As much as I hate being the voice of reason,
Dojima-san’s right, you know. This sort of thing is dangerous. The last thing we want is the
killer targeting more children.”
“I know,” Goro said. “I was already targeted.”
Adachi laughed nervously. “Ah, right. Well, then, you should know better than anyone to be
careful.”
“I will.”
“And, for the record,” Adachi said, rubbing the back of his neck with a sheepish grin. “I’m
glad that you’re alive. I think I’ve seen enough dead bodies to last me a lifetime.”
Goro held back an eyeroll. “I’m touched.”
Jester Arcana: Rank 3

Emiko and Ken visited Goro that weekend. They’d barely sat down in his room with a card
game before Emiko said,

“You need a hobby.”
“What are you talking about?” Goro asked. He laid one of his cards down on the table.
“You never talk about what you do with your free time,” Emiko said. “I think you spend a lot
of it hanging out with us. But we’re not around as often anymore. What are you going to do,
then?”
“Find new friends?” Goro asked.
Emiko made a buzzing noise. “Wrong! You need a hobby to keep you busy!”
“She kind of has a point,” Ken said. “I’m not sure I’ve ever seen you do anything except
work, read, or hang out with people.”
“Reading is a hobby,” Goro said defensively.
“You only read boring books,” Emiko said.
“That’s not true,” Goro said. “Cognitive pscience is a very interesting field.”
“But are you passionate about it?” Emiko asked. “Everyone should be passionate about
something.”
“Don’t pressure him too much,” Ken muttered.
“Just give it some thought,” Emiko said. “There’s less to do here than in the city. I don’t want
you to get bored.”
“Your concern is noted,” Goro said. “As it is, I’m not bored at all.” It was hard to be bored
when he was solving a murder case and trying to rank up brand new social links. In fact, it
had been years since he was this busy.
“Still,” Emiko said. “We can’t work all the time or hang out with people all the time. That’s
why I’ve taken to volunteering at animal shelters.”
Emiko proceeded to gush about the puppies she babysat the other day. Ken put in his two
cents about a videogame he bought a few weeks ago. Goro bit back a comment about
spending a week being kidnapped.
As their conversation continued, Goro felt himself relaxing more and more. It was a bit of a
relief to be around familiar faces who weren’t going to demand he be safe when investigating
murders. Ken looked a little bit like he wanted to stay behind with Goro.
“By the way,” Ken said when Emiko went to the bathroom. He pointed to a suitcase he had
carefully slid beneath Goro’s bed. “That’s the supplies for your new team. Mitsuru sent them
with me.”
Goro nodded. “Thank you. I’m sure they’ll appreciate it.”

“You’re staying safe, right?” Ken asked hesitantly.
Goro rolled his eyes. “Yes.”
“Good.” Ken smiled. “Just… try not to forget about us. We’re still around if you need help,
and stuff.”
“I know,” Goro said. “I told you before. I’m not replacing you.”
“Right.” The tension in Ken’s body drained away. “I knew that.”
Ken might have parted ways with Goro more relaxed than before, but Goro’s stress only
increased as his friends got on the train and departed. Everything about Inaba was new and
different; it was nice to try and forget that in Emiko and Ken’s company. Here, Goro didn’t
even know who the true villain was.
At least it wasn’t another Takaya.
Hopefully, it wouldn’t be another Ikutsuki.

The following day, Yu texted Goro saying they were meeting at Yosuke’s place that
afternoon. After school, Goro grabbed his suitcase full of weapons and armor. Yu had a
weapons cache at the entrance of the TV world, but Goro thought the others might want to
see the new gear before he relinquished the equipment to Yu to distribute.
When Goro arrived, Yosuke and Kanji stood outside, both wearing unusually grim
expressions. Goro heard the tail end of their conversation as he approached.
“--wanted to apologize,” Yosuke was saying. “I was a dick to you. I don’t know what I was
thinking.”
“You were tired man; I get it,” Kanji said.
“You shouldn’t have to make excuses for me!” Yosuke blurted out. “You’re our friend, and I
implied–”
“Dude,” Kanji said, looked awkwardly in Goro’s direction over Yosuke’s shoulder. “I accept
your apology, alright? I genuinely appreciate it. But maybe we should drop it.”
Yosuke glanced behind him. His eyes widened when he saw Goro. “O-oh. Right.”
What the hell happened on that camping trip?
“I hope I’m not interrupting something,” Goro said.
“Nah, don’t worry about it,” Kanji said. “Actually, I have something to show you!”

Kanji reached into his pocket and pulled out a small polaroid photo. Goro peered at it and
recognized a penguin shaped animal cracker.
“You found one?” Goro asked.
“Years of hard work have finally paid off,” Kanji said. “I found it at the camping trip.”
“Well done,” Goro said, fighting an amused grin off his face. It was such a strange thing to be
excited over, but he couldn’t begrudge Kanji for being happy. “Speaking of the camping trip,
I hope you weren’t poisoned by Chie or Yukiko?”
“I wasn’t, but I wasn’t in their group,” Kanji said. He glanced at Yosuke questioningly.
“Oh, right,” Yosuke said. “Well, I’ve had better curries, but it was edible.” Yosuke grimaced.
“Although, I think I’d prefer to pretend that this camping trip had never happened.”
“Agreed,” Kanji said. “I think I took like three separate showers yesterday.”
Goro chose not to ask.
“What’s with the suitcase?” Yosuke asked. “You’re not going on your own trip, are you?”
“It’s a surprise,” Goro said.
“Hey guys!” Chie said, jogging up to the others. Yukiko followed behind. “What are we
standing around out here for?”
“I guess I just forgot to invite you guys in,” Yosuke said. “Um, come inside everyone.”
Yosuke led them to his bedroom, which was much tidier than Goro expected. A few manga
lay sprawled on top of textbooks, and a half-complete homework assignment sat within a
manga’s pages.
“Ignore this,” Yosuke said, his face turning red. He scooped up the manga, removed the
homework assignment, and began returning the books to their shelves.
Chie snatched one of the volumes from Yosuke’s hands. “The new volume came out?!” she
demanded. “How come I didn’t hear about this? Did you forget our agreement?”
“Oh, I guess I forgot to tell you.” Yosuke winced. “Sorry. With everything that’s been going
on, I haven’t even gotten around to reading it until recently.”
“Well, I guess that’s fair,” Chie said. She handed the volume back to Yosuke. “I guess I’ll just
buy one of my own.”
“What agreement?” Yukiko asked.
“As penance for destroying my copy of Trial of the Dragon,” Chie said, shooting a glower in
Yosuke’s direction, “Yosuke-kun kindly agreed to let me borrow his manga when he’s done
reading it.”

“Wasn’t that two months ago?” Yukiko asked.
“Chie never forgets,” Yosuke sighed.
Yu came last, bowing in apology. “Sorry guys,” he said. “I stopped by my place before
coming here, and Nanako needed homework help.”
“That’s alright,” Yosuke said. “You’re only a few minutes late.”
They sat down around the table. Yosuke clapped his hands together. “Alright, first order of
business. Who watched the news last night?”
Everyone except Goro and Kanji raised their hands.
“Is this about Kujikawa Rise taking a break from showbiz?” Yukiko asked.
“Correct.” Yu said with a small nod.
“Oh, I heard my classmates talking about that,” Kanji said.
Goro had too, for that matter. He wasn’t in the habit of eavesdropping on his fellow
classmate’s gossip, but the name Risette came up multiple times. Strangely enough, however,
Akira didn’t bring it up as they walked home from school, even though Goro knew for a fact
that he had a poster of her in his attic bedroom four years later.
“She showed up in an interview last night,” Chie said. “Apparently, she’s returning to Inaba
for a bit.”
“I know Akechi broke the pattern,” Yosuke said. “But if we assume he’s an anomaly, it’s
possible that Kujikawa will be the next victim.”
“Oh, because the killer targets people who showed up on television, right?” Kanji asked.
“Exactly,” said Yu.
“I already did some research,” Yukiko said. “She apparently has no connection with Yamanosan. They only showed up on some shows together.”
“Yeah, well Akechi and I weren’t exactly connected with her either,” Kanji said.
“This confirms that the killer isn’t interested in Yamano at all,” Chie said. “He just likes
killing anyone who gets a hint of spotlight!”
“Do we know anyone with jealousy issues here?” Yosuke asked.
“I mean, I get jealous sometimes,” Yukiko said.
“That doesn’t count,” Goro said. “Besides, the killer isn’t likely to randomly fling themselves
into the television. With that logic, the only three who could be considered suspects in this
room are Yu, Chie, and Yosuke.”

“It’s good to know we all trust each other here,” Yosuke said.
“When Kujikawa comes, keep an eye on her,” Yu said. “And we’ll keep an eye on the
Midnight Channel. If she shows up, we know she’ll be the next to be kidnapped.”
“Speaking of trust,” Goro said, nodding to Yosuke. He placed the suitcase on top of the table.
“Kirijo-san provided us with gifts.”
“Gifts?” Kanji asked.
“Why would Kirijo-san–” Yosuke’s mouth dropped as Goro opened the suitcase.
“Woah!” Chie stared at the contents with equal awe. “Your guardian gives you weapons?”
“Long story short, she’s a part of a group that deals with shadows and persona related
incidents,” Goro said. “You’d be amazed at how often they crop up. She had weapons and
armor to spare, and since she can’t go into the TV world without having a shadow of her
own, she offered support instead.”
“You told her about us?” Yu asked.
“She’s not going to report you,” Goro said. “What is she going to say? You jump into
televisions and fight people’s darkest thoughts?”
“Good point,” Yukiko said. She picked up a metal fan and fingered it carefully. “These are
amazing.”
“My wallet can finally stop suffering,” Yu added.
“Unless you spend it all on the compendium’s overpriced personas,” Goro muttered.
“Oh, shut up.”
“Spend it on what now?” Kanji asked.
“Nothing,” Goro said. “I’ll send her your thanks.”

“I’m glad they like them,” Mitsuru said over the phone that evening. “Although, I admit that
Minato helped me with the selection. He’s gathered up quite the collection of weapons over
the years. Ryoji says he keeps forgetting to sell them.”
“Well, it’s not exactly like he can drag a bag full of weapons across the city without arousing
suspicion,” Goro said.
“You’re staying safe, right?”
“I’m fine,” Goro said. “How many times do I have to tell you?”
“Have you found a place to stay yet?”

“No,” Goro admitted begrudgingly. He hadn’t started looking hard. He didn’t know anyone
well enough to start living in their home, even if Yosuke had already put the offer out. “But I
have a friend I walk home from school with. That’s better than nothing, isn’t it?”
“Yes, I suppose it is,” Mitsuru sighed, but she didn’t sound very pleased.

That night, Goro woke up to the sound of footsteps. He sat up and held his breath as he
waited for someone to try to enter his room.
Nobody did.
Just to be safe, Goro checked his phone. There were no ominous messages. Theodore’s
pendant still rested safely around his neck.
He was safe. He was fine.
Then why did he feel like there were eyes on his back?
Maybe it really was time to reconsider his living situation.

Chapter End Notes

Yosuke is such a painful character for me because when he's awesome he's a Great
character and then he just says Nonsense that makes you want to weep in frustration. ;-;
dw tho i love him; i just love the Great Character him.
The funny thing is that even tho generally Goro gets treated like a child; SEES does still
treat him like an adult. If Goro were not mentally 20 years old or so with super op
powers, there is no way that Mitsuru would have left him in Inaba (or really let him go
by himself in the first place).
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3
Also thank you for 2k kudos! I appreciate every single one of you, including lurkers and
the people who read like one chapter and decided they hated the fic actually lol.

Chapter 49: June 21–23, 2011
Chapter Summary

If there is one word I would use to describe this chapter:
it's Tofu.
Seriously.
The word Tofu is mentioned so many times in this chapter.
Tofu, Tofu, Tofu

Chapter Notes

tw: tofu, referenced kidnapping, stalkers, objectification of a minor, referenced death
threats

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Goro started paying closer attention to the news. He should have done so in the first place,
but he found the announcers wearisome. Especially the one who seemed to have a disturbing
taste for teenage girls.
Still, Goro paid attention to the news reports centered around Kujikawa’s return to Inaba. She
mostly avoided the cameras, but everyone seemed to know that she was going to reside in her
grandmother’s tofu shop.
The next day, it was teeming with rain. Goro hoped Akira remembered to bring his own
umbrella, because Goro’s umbrella was having a hard enough time keeping Goro alone dry.
“Lovely day, isn’t it?” Goro asked as he met Akira on the second floor.
“I thought so,” Akira said. He shook out some of the water from his curly hair, but it was dry
enough to indicate he had an umbrella of his own. He frowned. “I hope it stops soon.”
Akira wasn’t very fond of the rain. Goro hated himself for hoping the rain would continue.
The Midnight Channel was one of their only hopes of rescuing potential murder victims in
time.
“Yes,” Goro lied. “Me too.”

It rained for the rest of the day. As the clock ticked down to midnight, Goro waited in front of
the television. It reminded him uncomfortably of the days of waiting for the Dark Hour to
begin.
He was so glad mementos and palaces had nothing to do with midnight.
With a burst of static, the television turned on. Goro jumped and reached for a weapon that
wasn’t there.
Unlike the last time he saw the Midnight Channel, there wasn't a clear and colorful image on
the screen. Instead, Goro could make out the silhouette of a girl who was unmistakably
Kujikawa. Even the Midnight Channel seemed to be aware there was an idol involved. The
frame kept zooming into the chest and bottom of the silhouette.
Goro grimaced in disgust as the television turned off. No matter what Kujikawa’s inner
thoughts were, he highly doubted she wanted her body put on display in this fashion.
Goro called Kanji to confirm what he had seen.
“Hey,” Kanji said. “You see the Midnight Channel?”
“Yes,” Goro said. “I think it’s safe to say that it’s Kujikawa on the screen.”
“Damn,” Kanji said. “It’s probably going to be hard to warn her about the killer without
looking like a bunch of stalkers ourselves, huh?”
Kanji had a point. Goro appreciated his mature take on the situation.
“We’ll just have to do our best, I suppose,” Goro said.
Almost as soon as he hung up, he received a text from Yu that they would be speaking to
Kujikawa after school the next day. They planned to meet at the tofu shop.

The following afternoon, an eager throng already surrounded the tofu shop. For a group of
people coming to “eat tofu”, they plenty to say about Kujikawa. Poor Kujikawa hopefully hid
in another shop entirely.
“Where are Chie and Yukiko?” Goro asked.
“They apparently already had other plans,” Yosuke said, looking irritated.
“Well, it shouldn’t take six people to tell her to be careful, right?” Kanji asked.
“Yeah, but now we look like all the other creeps crowding the streets,” Yosuke said. “I mean,
look! The police have to hold them at bay!”
Adachi indeed stood at the side of the road, forcing cars to move along and not park in the
middle of the street.

“But what was that you were talking about earlier?” Kanji demanded.
“What do you mean?”
Kanji put on an obnoxious voice as he spoke. “Her curves, her posture, even her beautiful,
slim legs!”
“I did not say that!” Yosuke protested, even though his flustered complexion said otherwise.
He took a step away from Goro’s death stare. “I’m just a fan, alright?! I recognized her figure
from that!”
“You did say it kind of creepily,” Yu said.
“Listen here, Kanji,” Yosuke said, pointing at Kanji threateningly. “If you utter even a word I
said to Rise, I will kill you myself.”
“Sheesh, fine,” Kanji said. “Forget I said anything.”
“Since we’re on the topic,” Goro said, “how the hell are we meant to avoid looking like
obsessive fans? She’s not likely to take us seriously if she thinks we’re another set of
stalkers.”
“The shop still sells tofu, right?” Yu asked. “We’ll just buy some tofu.”
“While also requesting to speak to Kujikawa?”
“We’ll play it by ear,” Yosuke said. “Let’s hurry up and go before her grandmother decides to
close the shop.”
Goro wouldn’t blame her if she did.
“Wait,” Yu said. “I thought you couldn’t eat tofu, Yosuke.”
“Ah shit, you’re right,” Yosuke said. “What am I meant to order, then?”
“You could try ganmodoki,” Kanji said. He quickly explained the dish to Yosuke. When he
was done, Yosuke nodded.
“Yeah, I think I can eat that,” Yosuke said. “Let’s go, then.”
They somehow pushed their way through the crowd, acquiring fresh bruises from jutting
elbows in the process. Unfortunately, Adachi noticed them when they neared the shop’s
entrance.
“Hey guys,” he said. “Don’t tell me you’re all here to see Kujikawa too.”
“We were just craving tofu,” Yu said.
Adachi narrowed his eyes. “Right. You’re really going to convince me that a bunch of boys
like yourselves are just here to buy tofu.”

“Uh…” Yosuke said.
“It’s for Nanako,” Goro said immediately.
“Did you see Kujikawa already then?” Adachi asked, a strange gleam in his eye. “Was she
really there?”
“What are you talking about? We only just got here.” Kanji asked. “What is a detective like
you doing on crowd control anyway?”
“Oh, well, we’re kind of understaffed,” Adachi said. “Anyway, I’ve got to go. Don’t do
anything stupid.”
Adachi ran off. Yosuke sighed. “You scared him off.”
“I was just telling the truth,” Kanji said. “Why’s it his business if Kujikawa is here or not
anyway?”
“Someone could ask us the same question,” Yosuke pointed out.
Yu shook his head. “No, they couldn’t. We’re only here for tofu.”
“I hate to break it to you, partner, but that lie is already getting old.”
Goro spotted Dojima approaching them through the crowd. He stomped on Yosuke’s foot.
“Hey!” Yosuke jumped. “What was that for?”
“Hello, Dojima-san,” Goro said politely.
“Akechi-kun?” Dojima asked. “And… the rest of you are here too. You’re friends with
Tatsumi as well?”
Dojima gave Yu a disbelieving look. Yu shrugged, which Goro did not think was an
appropriate response to an adult who thought he had screwed up.
“Tatsumi only happened to join us just now,” Goro said. “He had the same thought we did.”
“What? You want to see Kujikawa?” Dojima asked.
“We wanted to buy tofu for Nanako,” Yu said. His expression hardened. “I could get you a
portion too.”
“What?” Dojima was so taken aback that he didn’t even question the obvious lie. He looked
suddenly weary. “I don’t know if I’ll be home in time.”
“I’ll let you buy your own tofu then,” Yu said. “Can we go now?”
“Um, sure,” Dojima said. “Look, if you four really are here to see Kujikawa, remember that
this is her home, alright? Don’t hound her.”

“Don’t worry Dojima-san,” Goro said. “We really only came to buy tofu.”
Just as Dojima left, a few fans left the shop, speaking loudly.
“Risette wasn’t there at all!” one complained. “It was just an old lady selling tofu.”
“Well, we didn’t know for sure that she’d be here,” their more reasonable companion said. “I
guess it was just a rumor.”
Almost immediately, the crowd surrounding the shop began to disperse. Yosuke looked
devastated.
“Rumor?! Are you kidding me?”
“You know shops have back rooms, right?” Kanji asked.
“Well, duh,” Yosuke said. “But it’s not like we can talk to her if she’s back there either.”
“The place seems to be clearing out,” Yu said, peeking through the shop windows. “Let’s just
duck in there and check. If not, she’ll probably end up going to school, right?”
“Not necessarily,” Goro said. “I know technology isn’t quite as good as it will be, but I did
most of my high school work online.”
“Seriously?” Yosuke asked. He pinched the bridge of his nose. “We’re not going to be saving
anyone at this rate.”
“Well, the store is practically empty now,” Kanji said. “Yu’s right. It can’t hurt to see.”
Yosuke took a deep breath. “Yeah, you’re right. Let’s go.”
After reminding Kanji that they were going to order five portions of ganmodoki, they stepped
inside the shop. Just as Kanji and Yu had assessed, only a few people remained inside, and
even they were headed toward the exit.
A girl in a white apron stood behind the counter. How had nobody recognized Kujikawa’s
face? Did they really need to see her in a swimsuit to recognize her?
“Five ganmodoki please,” Goro said.
“Are you Kujikawa-san?” Yu asked at the exact same time.
“Yes,” Kujikawa said quietly. “Was that five ganmodoki?”
“Um, yes,” Yu said. “Actually, we had something else to ask you about.”
“Are you really Risette?” Yosuke blurted out. Goro and Yu gave Yosuke a dirty look. Yosuke
scowled defensively. “What?! I’ve never spoken to a celebrity before, sue me!”
“What do you want?” Kujikawa asked. “Sorry, but I’m not exactly in the mood to give out
autographs.”

“That’s alright, we don’t want them,” Kanji said easily. “Except for maybe this guy. But
that’s not why we’re here.”
“We came for tofu,” Yu said. “And to ask you some questions.”
“What kind of questions?” Kujikawa asked. She still didn’t look impressed with the crew at
all.
“You might know this already, but Inaba hasn’t exactly been a safe place recently,” Yosuke
said. He let out a nervous laugh. “That’s why we’ve been investigating stuff.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Do you know about that program that comes on when it rains?” Yu asked. “It only appears
at midnight.”
“You mean that Midnight Channel?” Kujikawa asked, her eyes lighting up in recognition.
“Yeah. I saw it last night.”
“You-you did?” Kanji asked.
“Yeah.” Kujikawa nodded. “A friend told me about it, so I decided to take a look. The person
on the screen wasn’t me.”
“It wasn’t?” Yosuke asked.
“I’ve never worn that bathing suit before,” Rise said. “And the bustline… it’s too big to be
mine.”
“Huh,” Yosuke said. “I guess I see your point. I mean! Forget I said that.”
Fortunately, Kujiakwa chose to find that funny as opposed to creepy. Yosuke at least had the
wherewithal to look ashamed of himself.
As for the different bathing suit and not-quite correct figure, it wasn’t hard to imagine a
shadow taking on a slightly different appearance from their counterpart. One of Goro’s
shadows was visibly older than him.
“Do you have any enemies?” Goro asked. “Anyone who might come after you?”
“Do you mean stalkers?” Kujikawa asked, looking surprised. “Not specifically, no. I do get
death threats, but not from anyone specific.”
Death threats were an occupational hazard of being famous. Goro remembered the nasty
shock he had when he saw his first one. As a child, it hadn’t quite occurred to him that even
someone beloved by most would still be hated by some.
It was a lesson he learned quickly.

Besides, unless someone from Inaba was sending her death threats, learning Kujikawa’s
enemies wouldn’t do much to help with the investigation. The killer clearly didn’t only have
a vendetta against Kujikawa.
“What does that Midnight Channel have to do with stalkers anyway?” Kujikawa asked.
“Well, we don’t know for sure…” Yosuke admitted. “But whenever someone shows up on the
Midnight Channel, it usually means they’ll be kidnapped. We just wanted to warn you to be
careful so that it doesn't happen again.”
“I know it's sudden, but we’re not lying,” Kanji said.
“Wow,” Kujikawa said. “I guess it wasn’t a dream, then. Alright… I’ll keep what you said in
mind.”
“That’s all we ask,” Yu said. Yosuke nodded encouragingly.
“Alright.” Kujikawa stepped away. “Let me get your tofu.”
Kujikawa came back out and handed them way more tofu than they actually paid for. Goro
stared at his bag and wondered who the hell Kujikawa expected him to share the food with.
“I added a little extra tofu as a thank you for worrying about me,” Kujikawa said.
They took the bags and left the shop.
“Hopefully Dojima-san doesn’t get his own portion, huh?” Yosuke asked Yu. “You have
enough tofu to feed at least six people now.”
“I’m confused,” Kanji said. “I thought you couldn’t eat tofu, Yosuke. Why can’t I have your
extra tofu?”
“Well, I mean, I can’t really eat it,” Yosuke admitted. “But it was a gift! I can’t just give it
away!” Yosuke hugged the bag of tofu to his chest protectively. Goro rolled his eyes as Kanji
sighed in defeat.

Adachi was the one to point out the similarities between Kujikawa and the recent victims of
the serial kidnappings. Akechi didn’t match the pattern, but the others did almost perfectly.
Ryotaro had to hand it to Adachi. Sometimes there were brains in his airheaded partner.
When the crowds cleared enough, Ryotaro and Adachi stepped inside the Marukyu tofu shop
and spoke to Kujikawa.
“I don’t mean to alarm you, but we noticed that there were some similarities between you and
some of the recent victims,” Ryotaro explained. “That’s why, well–”
“I might get kidnapped, right?” Kujikawa said it with such confidence that Ryotaro couldn’t
help but to stare in surprise. “Don’t worry, someone already warned me. I’ll be careful.”

“Someone already warned you?” Adachi found his voice before Ryotaro did. “Who?”
Ryotaro had a feeling he already knew.
“Four boys,” Kujikawa said. “They looked like they were in high school, except for the
younger one. He’s probably in middle school.”
Ryotaro dragged a hand across his face. “Tofu my ass,” he muttered.
“You don’t think it’s your nephew and his friends, do you?” Adachi asked. “Rise-san, did one
of them look kind of like he was a part of a gang?”
“Um, I guess,” Kujikawa said.
How the hell did those kids beat the police to the punch? Ryotaro barely had a solid lead on
the case, and now his nephew was connecting the dots faster than he was? Had he just made
up an excuse to speak to an idol? Or was there something else going on?

Goro ate his ganmodoki and realized that he still had far too much tofu than he wanted
anything to do with. Half on a whim, Goro texted Akira.
Akechi Goro: Do you happen to have need for tofu
Kurusu Akira: ??
Akechi Goro: its a long story. Do you want some
Kurusu Akira: sure
Goro had never actually been to Akira’s house, although he was familiar with the area Akira
split off from Goro when they walked home from school. Akira texted him his address, and
Goro found it in the same neighborhood that Yu happened to reside in. Then again, in such a
small town, that wasn’t so surprising.
Goro rang the doorbell and Akira opened the door for him.
“Good afternoon, Kurusu-kun,” Goro said. He held out the bag of tofu. “Your delivery.”
Akira’s eyes widened as he took the bag of tofu. “That’s a lot of tofu. Are you sure you want
to give it away?”
“There’s more than I know what to do with,” Goro said. “I’m sure your family can make
good use of it.”
“Oh, right.” Akira nodded. “Do you want me to reimburse you? I can grab some yen–”
“Don’t bother,” Goro said. “The tofu was already a gift. I’d just be stealing your money.”
“Okay, then.” Akira gave Goro a small bow. “Thank you very much.”

Goro returned the gesture. “Thank you for taking the stuff off of my hands.”
Akira retreated into his home, and Goro began walking back to the inn. It was beginning to
get late. If it weren’t for the long summer days, it would already be dark. As it was, the sky
was beginning to darken.
Goro quickened his pace.
He heard footsteps come in his direction. On instinct, Goro spun around toward the sound.
He would not allow himself to be taken by surprise this time–
Dojima gave him a slightly puzzled look. Embarrassment drained all of the energy from
Goro’s muscles.
“My apologies, Dojima-san,” Goro said with a bow. “I thought you were someone else.”
“It’s understandable,” Dojima said. His expression was warier than it had been when he
caught the four of them at the tofu shop earlier that day. “Actually, while you’re here, do you
mind if I ask you some questions?”
Goro grit his teeth. “Of course not.”
“You saw Kujikawa-san when you were… buying tofu, didn’t you?”
Goro frowned. “Yes, she sold the tofu to us, in fact,” he said. “Why?”
“Did you say anything to her?”
This was a trap. Dojima was trying to catch Goro in a lie, or his questions wouldn’t be so
open ended.
“We mentioned the recent kidnappings,” Goro said. “It was especially relevant to Tatsumi
and I, so we recommended Kujikawa-san be careful. Is that a crime now?”
Dojima bristled. “Of course not,” he said. His face was still set in a deep frown. “That’s
really all there was to it? It just happened to come up?”
“What else would it be?”
“I don’t know…” Dojima still didn’t look convinced. Goro put his hands into his pockets
before Dojima noticed how tightly he clenched them. “You know it’s a crime to lie to the
police, right?”
“It’s a good thing I’m not lying,” Goro lied. “And even if I was, is lying about our interaction
with Kujikawa really an obstruction of justice?”
“Maybe not, but are you sure there wasn’t anything you left out of your testimony the other
day?” Dojima asked.
“What makes you think there was?”

“Call it a hunch.”
“Well, even if your hunch was correct,” Goro said. “Which it isn’t, I’ll have you know that I
have had less than pleasant experiences with the corruption that follows your career. You’ll
forgive me if I don’t fully trust you.”
“I’m sorry to hear that,” Dojima said, the frustration on his face softening around the edges.
“But this really is a job for the police. Not kids.”
It was almost ironic. An officer of the law telling Goro to stay out of danger. After years of
working with Shido’s underlings, it was almost enough to give Goro whiplash.
Hell, the insistence that Goro stay out of things was more than even Takeharu could do.
Although, if Dojima had the necessary context the TV world provided, he’d likely be more
willing to allow Goro to risk his neck and do what needed to be done.
“I’ll bear that in mind,” Goro said. “Goodnight, Dojima-san.”
“Yeah,” Dojima said. He glanced at the sky and removed the cigarette from his mouth. “Can I
walk you home? It’s getting dark.”
Goro almost told him to go to hell before he spotted the sun dipping below the horizon. His
stomach clenched. It wouldn’t be a very long walk, but who knew what could happen if Goro
was caught by surprise again.
“I don’t want to keep you away from your family,” Goro said.
Dojima shook his head. “It won’t take that long,” he said. “I’ll still be back in time for
dinner.”
Goro hoped Dojima enjoyed tofu.
“Very well,” Goro said quietly. “I would… appreciate it.”
Dojima looked bizarrely relieved. “It’s no problem.”
Chariot Arcana: Rank 3

Kujikawa’s silhouette appeared in the Midnight Channel again. After meeting at Yosuke’s
house after school , the group decided a stakeout might be necessary to prevent Kujikawa
from being taken. Goro wasn’t sure how they were going to pull off a stakeout in a remotely
subtle fashion. The killer could easily wait for them to get tired before making their move.
When Goro pointed this out, Yosuke waved him off. “It’s better than doing nothing, isn’t it?”
Perhaps, but was there really a point in trying if it was doomed to fail?

At the central shopping district, they went to the local grocery store to purchase snacks for
their very professional stakeout. As Yosuke and Chie argued over what they should purchase,
Adachi slipped into the building. He wore an unsubtle look of innocence as he inspected the
contents of the spice aisle.
“Fancy seeing you here, Adachi-san,” Goro said.
“Oh, what a coincidence!” Adachi spun around and laughed nervously. Now the entire
Investigation Team stared at Adachi with unimpressed expressions. “I just came in here to do,
uh, legwork.”
“Dojima-san wants cilantro?” Yu asked. He looked like he couldn’t decide if he wanted to
laugh or if he wanted to kill something.
“Um, that’s right!” Adachi chuckled as he turned his back on the group to grab cilantro off
the shelf. Under his breath, Goro distinctly heard the words babysitting detail.
Naturally. Goro wasn’t sure if he wanted to applaud Dojima for his efforts or tell him to fuck
off.
The second one was winning over. His self-preservation was the only thing stopping him
from telling Adachi to get the hell out.
The idea was getting more and more tempting by the minute. What could Adachi do? Throw
cilantro at him? He wasn’t exactly what Goro would call an intimidating figure.
Still, Goro’s policy was to avoid unnecessary risks. Goro would tell Adachi to fuck off when
he really deserved it. No sooner.
“What does Dojima-san need cilantro for?” Yukiko asked.
“It’s nothing major,” Adachi said as he purchased his cilantro and stuffed it into his pocket.
“Just for the case, you know.”
“Oh yeah,” Kanji said. “Cilantro is definitely going to lead you to the true killer.”
“You never know. He might be allergic.” Adachi gave the group an easy-going smile. “So,
what are you kids doing here? Buying snacks?”
“We’re going to visit Kujikawa-chan,” Yosuke said.
“Oh, I see.” A smile split Adachi’s face. “Hey! What a coincidence! I was just on my way
there too!”
Goro opened his mouth to say that nobody was going to buy that stupid act when Chie
smiled.
“Then why don’t you come with us?” she asked. Noticing everyone else’s disbelieving stares,
she scowled. “Come on guys! He’s a detective on active duty! Not a bad guy to have
around.”

Yes, except he was absolutely useless.
“Don’t you have any friends?” Goro asked as Adachi trailed behind them.
“Eh, I keep to myself,” Adachi said. “Although, I guess you could consider Dojima-san my
friend. Or maybe coworker is a better word.”
“I just think you might have better things to do than follow a bunch of children around all
day.”
“Follow?” Adachi’s eyes widened comically. “I’m not following you guys. We just happen to
be headed in the same direction.”
Goro looked away and grit his teeth. “Even your lying skills are pathetic.”
Adachi laughed woefully.
Jester Arcana: Rank 4

It turned out that Yosuke’s definition of staking out really equated to walking back and forth
in front of the same shop repeatedly.
“This is getting kind of tiring,” Kanji said after ten minutes.
“It’s really not subtle at all.” Goro glanced at Adachi, who was threatening the air. For
someone who was “coincidentally” following them everywhere to keep them out of trouble,
he certainly was eager to encourage their investigation. Maybe he misunderstood Dojima’s
directions. “I have a better idea.”
Ignoring Yosuke’s protests, Goro dragged Kanji to the nearby ice cream stand. They both
bought ice cream and sat on the curb in front of Marukyu Tofu.
“There,” Goro said as he licked his desert. “Nobody’s going to question a couple of teens
eating ice cream in the middle of the summer.”
They might question why teenagers were eating ice cream on an overcast day, but Goro never
said his plan was perfect.
“Oh, that’s smart,” Yukiko said.
The seven of them ended up all eating ice cream together while staying on the lookout. Goro
still doubted the killer would try to make a move with half a dozen witnesses loitering around
the area.
“What’s that?” Yukiko asked suddenly, looking up at a nearby electrical pole.
An extremely overdressed individual seemed to be scaling the pole. His purple backpack was
filled to the brink, and a camera hung around his neck.

“Who’s there?!” Adachi shouted, jumping to his feet. His expression was so alarmed Goro
would think he’d just witnessed a murder.
“It’s nobody,” Goro said. “Just some stalker hoping to get pictures.”
Nobody seemed to hear a word he said. The individual deftly slid down the pole and sprinted
away from the group. The others ran after him with a vengeance.
Goro stayed where he was.
In the distance, the group cornered the stalker at the street’s intersection. Kanji threw his
popsicle stick at him. The distraction was enough for Yu, Yosuke, and Chie to tackle him.
Goro glanced up and down the street. Nobody was approaching Maryuku, and the others
were gathered in front of the gas station. He should put a stop to their nonsense before they
developed a false sense of security in believing they caught the killer.
“I’m just a really big fan of Risette, that’s all!” the stalker pleaded as Goro approached. He
unzipped his backpack to reveal a plethora of cameras and recording devices. “Look! All I
have is cameras!”
Adachi puffed up his chest and grinned smugly. “Yup, you’re the culprit alright–”
“If you’re done wasting your time,” Goro interrupted. “Do you have anything other than
circumstantial evidence?”
“What?” Kanji asked.
Goro bit back a sigh. Adachi was the only one in this group who should have really known
better. Theoretically, he was a trained detective, not a high schooler.
“Kujikawa-san is an idol,” Goro said. “It’s natural that she would have people trying to get
pictures of her. Do you have any proof that he is involved in any of the recent killings?”
“Well, no,” Yukiko said.
“Are you kidding?” Adachi asked. “We were staking out the scene, and this guy suddenly
appears! Who else could it be?”
“Yeah!” Chie said.
“But why would he want to kill her?” Yu asked.
“It’s obviously just a lousy cover,” Adachi said. “Are you really going to buy this guy’s act?”
“That’s a hell of a lot of money to spend on an act,” Kanji said, pointing at the cameras. The
stalker nodded in eager agreement.
Adachi sputtered. “B-but—”

“Are you really going to accuse everyone who happens to be in the general area without
evidence?” Goro asked disbelievingly.
“Didn’t you accuse me at some point?”
“Not only did I make it quite clear I was being hypothetical, but I wasn’t in the process of
arresting you!”
“Akechi has a point,” Yosuke said. “Why would a killer climb an electrical pole anyway? A
creep trying to look through a window, on the other hand…”
“Hm,” Adachi said. He visibly deflated. “Well, likely or not, he’s still a suspect! You’re
coming with me.”
Adachi dragged the stalker away. Chie sighed.
“Damn,” she said. “I thought for sure we had him! But I guess that creep wouldn’t have been
able to overpower you so easily, huh, Akechi-kun?”
“I wouldn’t be so sure about that,” Goro said. “Not only am I smaller than most adults, he
scaled an electrical pole with a large weight on his back.”
“Good point,” Yukiko said. “Well, at least we helped Kujikawa-san out a little bit.”
Yosuke sighed. “We should resume the stakeout, huh?”
As they gathered around the Maryuku again, Kujikawa’s grandmother poked her head out the
door.
“Oh, hello,” she said. “Would you like to buy some tofu?”
Yu shook his head. “Sorry, we already have an abundance.”
“Hey,” the stalker called out, still dragging his feet as Adachi pulled him along. “Is Risette in
there?”
“She’s gone out I’m afraid.” Kujikawa-san gave the stalker a fierce look that rivaled Goro’s
own death glare.
“What?!” Yosuke asked. “But wasn’t she just here?”
Goro snapped his popsicle stick in half. He had left for ten minutes. The Maryuku didn’t have
any large televisions inside it. How had the killer kidnapped someone in such a short amount
of time?
Then again, it only took a couple of minutes for Goro to go down.
“She does that I’m afraid,” Kujikawa-san said. “She’ll wander out without a word. You’ll
have to forgive her. She’s quite worn out in many ways.”

Goro couldn’t blame her. He didn’t want to smile in front of cameras and flashing lights ever
again.
“She left without saying anything?” Yu asked.
“Come on,” Adachi said. “You guys worry too much. She probably just stepped out. I mean,
we caught the guy!”
“I thought we decided he might not be the guy after all,” Yukiko said.
Adachi didn’t seem to process her words. He hummed to himself as he walked on ahead.
Goro could distinctly hear him say, “I can’t wait to see the look on Dojima-san’s face.”
The group watched Adachi go before turning back toward each other.
“I mean, we could try looking for her,” Chie offered half-heartedly.
“If she’s only stepped out, she probably has to come back, right?” Kanji asked. “We might as
well just wait.”
They waited. Kujikawa didn’t come back.
“Damnit,” Yosuke said. He buried his head in his hands. “I can’t believe we let ourselves get
distracted by that creep.”
“If it’s any comfort to you, the killer wouldn’t have been foolish enough to kidnap anyone
with seven witnesses standing around,” Goro said. “They would have just waited until we
went home.”
“That doesn’t really make me feel better,” Yosuke said. “But thanks for trying.”
“Well, you know the drill,” Yu said. “It’s going to rain tonight. We’ll watch the Midnight
Channel. Maybe it will give us enough clues that we won’t need to interview everyone in
town to find her.”
“What?” Goro asked.
“Teddie’s nose,” Kanji said. “Is the worst.”
“Teddie needs us to have information on the victim to be able to sniff them out,” Yu
elaborated. “We’re not sure how it works.”
“We probably did interview everyone in town to find you,” Yosuke said. “Only five people
even knew your name.”
“I guess I’m lucky that you found me at all,” Goro said dryly.

Chapter End Notes

I bet you didn't believe me about the tofu. /j
Also, I feel like I should put down a disclaimer to set people's expectations. I have not
actually finished the p4 arena games. I've started them, but I never made it super far. So
while an arena fic in this universe might be in the series, it's not going to really appear
here. (I know I'm sorry Sho Minazuki in this fic would've been so cool but I found out
about his existence after the fic was completely written ;-;)
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 50: June 24–July 3, 2011
Chapter Summary

WE MADE IT OUT OF JUNE
*Final Fantasy Victory Theme Plays*

Chapter Notes

tw: self-harm, sexualization of a minor, referenced kidnapping, self-loathing

See the end of the chapter for more notes

In hindsight, Goro thanked the stars that neither of his shadows had behaved in a sexual
manner. He could already picture a shadow of his own that had focused on his mother’s
career instead of Shido’s. The thought made him sick.
Kujikawa’s shadow wore nothing but a swimsuit, promising the viewers of the midnight
channel that she would strip naked.
“What the heck is she thinking, wanting to bare it all?” Kanji asked. “I mean, there are
probably kids watching this thing!”
“She can’t exactly control what her shadow does,” Goro said.
“I guess not,” Kanji sighed. “I’m just a little afraid of Yosuke’s reaction right about now.”
“Fair enough,” Goro said. He was a little concerned himself. “I’ll call him.”
“Oh yeah,” Kanji said. “Can you do that death glare over the phone, though?”
“I’m sure I can convey my feelings well enough with my voice.”
Kanji shuddered. “I just got chills down my spine thinking about it. I’ll see you tomorrow,
man.”
“Of course.”
Kanji hung up, and Goro called Yosuke. It didn’t take long for him to answer. Goro sat down
on his futon as Yosuke spoke.

“Yeah?”
“I take it you saw the midnight channel?” Goro asked.
“Of course, I did.” Yosuke’s voice was obviously flustered. “What, are you going to rub it
in?”
Goro frowned. “What are you talking about?”
“You know what I’m talking about,” Yosuke said. “You stayed in front of the store while the
rest of us chased after that random creep.”
“Yes, and?” Goro asked. “What the hell would I have to gain from rubbing it in? I
approached you guys too.”
“But if you hadn’t come to stop us, then maybe you could have prevented Kujkawa from
being kidnapped,” Yosuke said. “Ugh, I keep replaying it in my head. If I had used basic
common sense like you did, maybe–”
“Yosuke,” Goro interrupted. “This sort of thinking accomplishes nothing.”
“Huh?”
“We screwed up today,” he said. “But it’s like I said before. The killer wasn’t going to come
if there were a crowd of children guarding the store. He would have struck at a different
time.”
“I mean, I guess,” Yosuke said. “But maybe if the killer had realized we were onto him, he
would have given it up. Then, nobody would be in danger.”
“Or maybe it would be your parents stuck inside the television,” Goro said. “We don’t know.
Focusing on what could have happened does nothing to change the now.”
“I guess you’re right.” Yosuke swore underneath his breath. “I can’t believe I’m taking life
advice from a thirteen-year-old.”
“Believe it,” Goro said.
“Yeah.” Yosuke chuckled self-deprecatingly. “Sorry for throwing you under the bus. I’ve just
been tense.”
“Well, I actually called about a different reason, but I think I have my answer,” Goro said. If
Yosuke was more concerned on how they could have prevented Kujikawa’s kidnapping, it
meant he wasn’t jumping for joy at the potential opportunity of seeing Kujikawa naked. That
was enough for Goro.
“What?” Yosuke asked. “What reason was that?”
“I just wanted to make sure you were going to be mature about this.”

“I’m always mature.”
“Listen to yourself speak sometimes,” Goro said. “And then maybe take a moment to
reassess that claim.”
“Um…”
“Goodnight, Yosuke-san,” Goro said.
“Um, right. Goodnight.”

Before going to Teddie the next day, Yu told them all run around town separately and ask
anyone they knew or were only vaguely acquainted with about Kujikawa. Goro came out
with poor results. Not only did he barely know anyone, but everyone had the same things to
say.
“Did Kujikawa get kidnapped?” Akira asked on their way from school before Goro could
even begin asking questions.
“Why are you asking me?” Goro asked.
“I don’t know.” Akira looked embarrassed. “You seem like you know about this stuff.”
Well, he wasn’t wrong.
“It’s likely,” Goro said. “Why? Did you see the midnight channel again?”
Akira looked wretched. “I try not to,” he said. “But there’s an old TV in my room too. It’s
hard not to wake up to it.”
“You shouldn’t blame yourself.”
“I just don’t understand why someone would do this,” Akira said.
“People do many things we don’t understand,” Goro said.
Akira glowered at the sidewalk. “It’s not right.”
“Speaking of Kujikawa,” Goro said. “I actually wanted to know if you knew anything about
her.”
“About Kujikawa?” Akira asked. “Not really. She’s an idol, right?” He frowned
contemplatively. “Must be hard if she had to take a break.”
“It is.”
The thrill of fame and praise was immediately offset by the sheer amount of face Goro had to
keep on an everyday basis. A personality that was originally meant for television soon

became the personality Goro had to keep on even in the smallest public places. His fans had
very set expectations for him. Shido did as well.
Although Kujikawa wasn’t likely wrapped up in a conspiracy, it wasn’t surprising that she
burnt out.
Goro even asked Ken about her when he called to wish him a happy birthday.
“Why are you asking about Risette?” Ken asked. “Are you trying to get me an autograph?”
“Do you want one?” Goro asked.
“Not really.”
“Good.” Goro sighed. “She’s gone missing. We’re trying to find her before she gets killed.”
“And here I am complaining about my homework,” Ken said. “I’m surprised you
remembered my birthday at all.”
“Don’t be ridiculous. Of course, I remember your birthday. We were practically born days
apart.”
“Twenty-two days isn’t that close together.”
“It is when most of your friends are multiple years older than you.”
“Fair point,” Ken said. “Emiko said that we should try to get more friends our age. You
included.”
“How has that been working out for you?”
“I kind of forgot how hard it was to initiate a conversation. Emiko’s better at it, but people
already have their established friend groups. You know how it is.”
In a sense, Goro was extremely lucky that Akira was so withdrawn. If Akira had already had
friends, Goro would have had a difficult time inserting himself in a pre-existing group.

Teddie did not handle the solitude of the metaverse well. When they arrived int the TV world,
he was crying in the corner of the entryway. Yu asked if he sensed Kujikawa enter the
metaverse, but he looked more confused than anything else.
“I’m a pretty shabby bear,” Teddie said, staring sadly at the group. “Soon, I won’t be useful at
all, and then I’ll be thrown away.”
“Where’d you get that idea?” Yu asked.
“Isn’t that what happens if you’re not useful?” Teddie asked. “Your shadow said–”
“My shadow was wrong,” Yu said quickly.

“Then, I can stay with you all?” Teddie asked, looking up at everyone hopefully.
“Of course,” Yosuke said. “It’d be pretty rude to just toss you aside after all you’ve done for
us.”
“Yeah!” Chie said. “Without you, we probably wouldn’t have been able to save anyone.”
“Wow,” Teddie said. He sniffed and smiled bravely. “Okay, then.”
“As luck would have it,” Yu said. “We already asked around before coming here.”
“Really?” Teddie beamed. “Leave it to Sensei to be beary prepared!”
“She’s struggling with her career,” Goro said.
“Yeah, according to this reporter, she doesn’t enjoy the fake personality she has to put on for
others,” Chie said.
“She said she wanted to be her real self more,” Yukiko agreed.
“I see,” Teddie said. “Her real self, huh?” Teddie stared off into the fog for a long moment. A
look of alarm spread across his face. “Did I find it?!” he asked.
“I don’t know, did you?” Kanji crossed his arms.
“I think I did!” Teddie pointed to his right. “I can smell a new presence coming from that
direction.”
“Then, what are we waiting for?” Yosuke asked. “Let’s go.”

Goro was going to kill something.
The flashing lights and the unbelievable number of hearts plastered on the wallpaper were
already giving him a migraine. The others looked around with expressions of awed
fascination. Teddie didn’t seem to understand why everyone else was shocked.
“So this is a strip joint, huh?” Kanji asked.
“Strip?!” Teddie asked, replicating everyone else’s surprise. “Oh, I know what that is! Like a
zebra.”
Goro was going to kill something.
“Um guys,” Chie said. “What are we going to do if the shadow actually takes off her
swimsuit?”
“Let’s just hope that doesn’t happen,” Yosuke said.
“Um, Akechi-kun?” Kanji asked. “Are you okay?”

“I’m fine,” Goro snapped. “Are we going in, or are we standing around talking?”
“Alright, I got the message,” Kanji said. “We’re going, we’re going.”
If the entrance of the dungeon was bad, the first floor was ten times worse. Smoke gathered
on the edges of the halls, and the music playing in the background was offset by a woman’s
sighs.
On second thought, Goro was going to be too sick to be able to kill anything at all.
“Embrace your desire.”
“Goro, honey, I need you to go to the bathouse tonight, alright?”
Goro swallowed back bile and forced away the memories. It was just a dungeon. He needed
to stay focused if they wanted to rescue Kujikawa. He didn’t have time to be weak.
They entered an open area with massive pillars that had golden embellishments. Kujikawa’s
shadow stood in the center, clutching a microphone with both hands.
“Hello, all you fans out there. Thank you for coming here today!” Kujikawa’s shadow said
cheerfully. “Today, you're gonna see every last inch of me! What's that? You don't believe
me? Ahahah! Okay, okay! Then why don't we--Oh, but you won't be able to see with all this
smoke, huh? Okie-dokie! Just follow me a little further in and I'll prove that I'm every bit as
good as my word!”
A huge sign appeared above her head.
Maru-Q Midsummer Night’s Dream Special: All the way, Live!! Hot!! Risette Exposed!!
Goro gaped at the garish letters. Kujikawa’s shadow laughed at his reaction. As she skipped
away into the smoke. Goro leaned against a nearby pillar and crossed his arms. His hands
shook, and he dug his nails into his palms.
The bright light looked so much like the one that he stared at as he–
“Akechi-kun?” Yosuke asked.
Goro blinked. Had his ears been ringing?
“Yes?”
“Are you good?” he asked. “You look kind of out of it.”
“I’m–” Goro squeezed his eyes shut, waiting for the ringing in his ears to die out.
He couldn’t do this. Not without passing out.
“I’m fine,” Goro bit out.
“It’s alright if this place is too much for you,” Chie said. “This place is kind of a lot.”

“Kujikawa’s at risk,” Goro said. “We don’t have time to stand around.”
"We shouldn’t spread ourselves thin either,” Yu said. “Maybe a couple of you should wait in
the entrance in case anyone gets too badly worn out.”
“I can wait by the entrance,” Yosuke said. “I know my persona isn’t as strong as everyone
else’s.”
“You should go with him, Akechi-kun,” Yu said. He gave Yosuke a small nod. “If something
happens to me, you can fill in as the wildcard.”
It was contrived. Yu had to know that their progress would be more efficient if Goro came
along. They had all witnessed the power of Goro’s personas.
Goro wasn’t going to be much use to anyone half-way through having a panic attack either.
“Fine,” Goro said. “Don’t die.”
When Yosuke and Goro made it back to the entrance to the dungeon, Goro glanced over the
pink room with irritation. It was certainly better than the inside of the dungeon, but it wasn’t
much better.
“I need to step out,” Goro said. He marched toward the mostly empty void of the TV world.
He’d keep the strip club dungeon in sight, but if he wasn’t going to be helping others, he
didn’t want to spend another minute in its stifling environment.
“You’re not leaving me here alone!” Yosuke protested, running after him.
Yosuke and Goro sat in the fog covered world. Even with their glasses on, the fog was too
thick to see through anything. It was as though the environment was waiting to be created.
“It’s kind of beautiful,” Yosuke said. “The endless fog. Or maybe it’s creepy.”
“It’s terrifying,” Goro said.
“Huh?”
“We have Teddie to guide us,” Goro said. “But what if we became lost? How would we know
which way to turn?”
“We wouldn’t, I guess,” Yosuke said.
“You’d die without even knowing where you were.” Goro scratched his arms. Yosuke
snatched Goro’s wrist.
“Don’t do that.”
Goro yanked his arm away from Yosuke’s grip. “I can do what I want.”
“But you’re hurting yourself.”

“Do you even understand what situation we’re in?” Goro asked. “There is a killer in this very
small town, and they probably know who we are and what we’re doing. If we don’t save
Kujikawa before fog appears on the town, she’ll die. And here we are, sitting and doing
nothing.”
“I get that,” Yosuke said. “But I’m trying to make sure nobody gets hurt. You included.”
Goro rolled his eyes. “Well, aren’t you noble?”
Yosuke fidgeted with the chord to his headphones. “Not really.”
Goro took a deep breath. At least the fog wasn’t poisonous. “I feel so useless out here.”
Yosuke sighed. “Yeah, I know what you mean.”
In the end, Yu and the others only managed to get to the fourth floor. They would have gotten
farther with Goro, but Goro was still relieved. Still relieved that he didn’t have to fight in that
place for hours.
He was such a coward.
Magician Arcana: Rank 2

It took the group a week to make it through Kujikawa’s entire dungeon. If Goro had been
there, they probably would have made it in half the time. Goro tried not to obsess over his
uselessness.
On the seventh day, Goro and Kanji had been waiting by the entrance when Yu came out.
“We’ve found the final floor,” he said. He glanced at Goro apologetically. “We’re probably
going to need all the help we can get for the fighting the shadow, if it comes to it.”
“It probably will,” Goro said, standing up. “Don’t worry about me.”
Goro trusted the others to survive ordinary shadows. He would never forgive himself if they
all died to a powerful enemy because he was afraid of a strip club.
Upon arriving at the top floor, Yu shoved open the massive curtain. Kujikawa’s shadow
danced around a pole in the center of the room, taunting the real Kujikawa, who still wore her
apron and bandana from the day the group met her.
The shadow’s excitement only heightened at the arrival of an audience.
“—obviously, I’m you!” the shadow exclaimed.
“No…” the real Kujikawa said, stepping back. “That’s not true.”

The shadow only laughed. “This is me! This is who I really am! Not Risette, the fake
celebrity! Look at the girl right in front of you! I'm sick of being some airhead cliche who
chokes down everything she's fed and takes it all with a smile! ‘Risette?’ Who the hell is she?
There's no such person in this world! I'm no one, but myself! C'mon, look at me!”
“Kujikawa-san!” Goro shouted, desperate to leave as soon as possible. “It’s just an
exaggeration! You have to accept it—”
“No!” Kujikawa exclaimed, squeezing her eyes shut. “You’re not me!”
“Great…” Chie sighed as shadow Kujikawa started cackling. A blue aura emerged from her
as she transformed into a massive, multi-colored pole dancer with a satellite dish instead of a
face. Every time the shadow moved, it created a disgusting squelching noise.
This shadow was far more reminiscent of the shadows of the palace rulers. Unlike the
shadows Goro fought on full moons, Kujikawa’s shadow spoke to them, claiming that she
would show every inch of herself.
It was just another job. Goro wasn’t even alone this time.
Just another job.
With Goro in the party, it took only a few well-placed megidolaons to obviously weaken
Kujikawa’s shadow. Which was naturally when Kujikawa’s shadow started targeting all their
weaknesses and dodging every one of their attacks.
“How are we meant to beat this thing?!” Chie demanded.
For the first time, Yu looked flustered. He glanced at Goro with a helpless expression, sweat
dripping down his face. Goro only scowled.
“Does it look like I know?” he snapped. “Wait it out and maybe—”
“This isn’t good!” Teddie exclaimed. “It’s scanning us!”
“Woohoo, analysis complete!” Kujikawa’s shadow cheered. “Here comes my counterattack!
See if you can dodge, hmm!”
Goro raised his sword to block his body, but almighty magic burst from Kujikawa’s shadow.
Sharp pain sent Goro careening backwards and knocking into Kanji. They and the rest of the
team fell to the ground. Teddie was the only one still standing.
“What the hell…” Yosuke gasped.
Kujikawa’s shadow started to wind up for another attack.
“Goodbye!” the shadow cheered. “Forever!”
If Goro died to this shadow, after everything he’d survived, he was going to be pissed.

Teddie stepped in front of the group, looking as alarmed as Goro felt. “What’s happening?!”
he exclaimed. “I feel like I’m going bear-serk!”
“Teddie, what the hell are you doing?!” Kanji demanded.
And then, Teddie exploded, defeating Kujikawa’s shadow in the process. The multi-colored
pole dancer, morphed back into Kujikawa in a swimsuit.
“Teddie!” Yukiko exclaimed, jumping to her feet. She ran to Teddie’s now flattened body.
“Are you alright?!”
“Did… did I help?” Teddie asked weakly, sitting up. His body was flatter than a pancake,
swaying back and forth like a piece of paper trying to stand up on its side.
After the group assured Teddie he saved their lives, they checked on the real Kujikawa. She
slowly stood up and frowned at her shadow.
“I’m sorry… for the trouble I’ve caused,” Kujikawa said softly.
“It wasn’t your fault,” Yu said.
Kujikawa didn’t look so certain, but she turned to her shadow. “I’m sorry… you must have
been in a lot of pain up to now. You're part of me, but I kept refusing to admit you existed...I
was trying to figure out who the real me was. But… I realize now that I was on the wrong
track. There is no ‘real’ me. It just doesn't exist.”
“No real you,” Goro muttered under his breath.
Who was the real Akechi Goro? It certainly wasn’t the detective prince. But Goro didn’t want
to believe it was either of his shadows.
But where did that leave him?
“There’s no… real me?” Teddie asked in an astounded voice.
“You… me… and even Risette,” Kujikawa continued. “They were all born from me. They’re
all… me.”
Kujikawa’s shadow turned into a persona, but Goro could barely focus on the moment.
In Kujikawa’s words, it was impossible to discover who a person’s real personality is. Every
mask they wore spoke to their true character. Somehow.
At least they could finally leave this cursed place.
Kujikawa accepted her persona and collapsed. The rest of the team checked up on her, but
Teddie still wore a confounded expression.
“What’s wrong?” Goro asked.

“There’s no… real… me?” Teddie repeated.
“Uh, Teddie…” Kanji said slowly.
“Get back!” Kujikawa exclaimed. “Something’s coming out of him!”
Teddie’s shadow appeared out of nowhere, looming over Teddie’s paper-thin form.
“Real? Me?” Teddie’s shadow asked. “Such foolishness.”
Because that was just what Goro needed. Another fight. Couldn’t Teddie choose a different
day for an existential crisis?
Apparently not.
Teddie’s shadow monologued about how searching for the truth only led to suffering. Teddie,
having learned nothing from everyone else’s shadows, rejected the shadow immediately.
Goro never thought he’d fight the shadow of a teddy bear before, but there was a first time
for everything.
“How are we meant to defeat this thing without Teddie?” Yosuke asked.
“It’s okay!” Kujikawa exclaimed. “I can help!”
Kujikawa filled in Teddie’s role as navigator. The team promptly tore Teddie’s shadow
monster to shreds. Teddie admitted he didn’t know who he was, and the shadow turned into a
persona for Teddie.
So… not only was Kujikawa their new navigator, but they were going to be fighting
alongside Teddie from now on.
That was just fantastic.
“What… just happened?” Yosuke asked.
“I think Teddie got a persona,” Yukiko stated the obvious.
“Well, I figured out that much,” Yosuke said. “But… what just happened?”
“I hope I was able to help,” Kujikawa said.
“Help?” Chie repeated. “You were a life saver.”
Goro didn’t have a frame of reference to how quickly victims of kidnapping got used to the
concept of personas, but Kujikawa had taken the entire thing impressively in stride.
Goro was too mentally drained to think about it any further. Another ambient sigh emerged
from their exhausted silence, and his chest squeezed.
“Not to be rude, but can we leave?” Goro snapped.

At the TV world’s entrance, Teddie sat down and began to do sit-ups.
“Are you sure you’re okay, Teddie?” Kujikawa asked.
“I’m–fine–” Teddie huffed. “Don’t–worry–about—me.”
“There comes a time when a man has to stand on his own two feet,” Kanji said.
“Is now really one of those times?” Yukiko asked.
Kujikawa slumped in exhaustion. Chie hurried to her side to give her someone to lean
against.
“We should head back,” Yosuke said. “Um, good luck with your situps.”
Goro was too worn out to say anything. Physically and emotionally.
“Let’s hope that the killer hands himself in after this,” Chie said after the re-entered Junes.
She looked around the electronics department warily, but no customers or employees were in
the area. “I don’t think I can handle any more adult-themed dungeons. Especially when none
of us are older than sixteen.”
“That’s where you’re wrong,” Yosuke said, winking.
“What?” Chie’s eyes widened. “Oh, you’re talking about Akechi-kun. Sorry, Akechi-kun. I
forget that you’re not actually thirteen.”
“It’s understandable,” Goro said. He massaged his temple and inhaled deeply. His limbs still
trembled. He never wanted to enter that place again.
“No, I wasn’t talking about Akechi-kun!” Yosuke protested. He opened and closed his mouth
before turning toward Goro with a bewildered expression. “Actually. How old are you?”
“My body is physically thirteen years old,” Goro said. “I have experienced approximately
twenty-one years of life. Give or take.”
“Dude,” Kanji said. “You’re practically an old man.”
“What are you talking about?” Kujikawa asked, her face completely bewildered.
“Oh, yeah, Kujikawa-kun doesn’t know yet, does she?” Yukiko asked.
“Maybe it should wait for later,” Yu said.
“All I wanted to say was that I was seventeen,” Yosuke said long-sufferingly. “But yeah, we
should get you home. Sorry.”
“You’re seventeen?” Chie asked in an affronted tone. “Since when?”

“Since last week actually,” Yosuke said. “But Kujikawa-kun had just been kidnapped, and I
didn’t want to make a big deal out of it–”
“What?!” Chie protested. “You had your birthday and you didn’t tell us?!”
“Its not like I didn’t celebrate it with my parents,” Yosuke said defensively. “There just
wasn’t an appropriate time to bring it up with you guys!”
Yu looked almost hurt. “You could have brought it up,” he said. “Your birthday’s important.”
“No, you know what’s important right now?” Yosuke asked. “Getting Kujikawa back home.”
“I can take her,” Kanji volunteered. “It’s near my place anyway.”
“I’ll come too!” Chie, Kanji, and Kujikawa began to leave the electronics department. Chie
shot a dirty at Yosuke over her shoulder. “And don’t think we won’t talk about your birthday
again! I’m going to make sure that we celebrate!”
“Dude,” Yosuke said. “It’s just a birthday.”
“Yeah, but we’re friends,” Yukiko said. “Birthdays should be celebrated between friends.”
“Agreed,” Yu said.
“Well, I’m sure you guys can plan a surprise party without me around.” Yosuke stretched his
arms behind his back. “I’m beat. See you guys later. Thanks for your help today, Akechikun.”
What was that supposed to mean? Did Yosuke seriously think that Goro was going to wait
patiently downstairs while the rest of them could be dying?
“As if I was going to watch.” Goro bristled.
“And thanks for not leading us astray, partner.” Yosuke winked and started to walk away.
“See ya.”
“Youske-san,” Goro said. Yosuke stopped and hummed inquiringly. “What flavor of cake do
you like?”

“I can’t believe I’m doing this,” Goro muttered.
“What are you complaining about now?” Shinjiro’s voice came from Goro’s speaker phone
sitting on the kitchen table. Yu was kind enough to donate his kitchen to Goro that afternoon.
“I don’t make cakes as kind gestures,” Goro said. “I don’t do kind gestures for people I
barely know.”

“Boo hoo, you have a heart,” Shinjiro said. “Ken told me you remembered to wish him a
happy birthday last week.”
“That’s different,” Goro said. “Ken is my friend. I would have felt like an asshole if I had
forgotten to tell him happy birthday.”
“And this teammate of yours isn’t your friend?”
“Not really, no!”
Shinjiro sighed. “Please tell me you’re stirring while you’re having your angst.”
Goro tightened his grip on the whisk and stirred more furiously. “If I stir any faster, the batter
is going to splatter against the wall.”
“I’m home!” Nanako’s voice echoed from the front door of the house. “Big bro, are you
here?” Nanako entered the kitchen and frowned. “You’re one of Big Bro’s friends, right?
What are you doing here?”
“Narukami-san stepped out to buy icing,” Goro said. “Because unlike someone else here, I
don’t have the ability to make it on my own.”
“You could if you would follow my directions–” A particularly painful-sounding set of
coughs interrupted Shinjiro. Nanako’s eyes widened, and she picked up the phone.
“Are you okay?” she asked.
“I’m fine,” Shinjiro said. “Who are you?”
“I’m Dojima Nanako!” Nanako said. “Pleased to meet you.”
“She’s our leader’s little sister,” Goro said. “I’m using his kitchen to bake this cake.”
“Cake?” Nanako beamed and put the phone back down. “Can I have a slice?”
“It has to be baked first,” Goro said.
“I can help stir!”
Goro’s arm was getting sore. He handed the bowl and whisk to Nanako. She mixed the batter
much more meticulously, but it at least gave Goro a chance to rest.
“I bet she stirs better than you do,” Shinjiro said.
“Oh, fuc–shut up.” Goro glanced at Nanako, but she continued to hum happily as she stirred.
Who would kill him first if he taught Nanako swear words? Dojima or Yu?
Goro wasn’t about to test it.
“Great job, dumbass,” Shinjiro said. “You were really made to be around children.”

“You’re doing a fantastic job of it yourself,” Goro snapped.
The front door opened, and Nanako stopped humming. Yu stepped into the kitchen holding a
bag filled with icing and sprinkles.
“Big Bro!” Nanako cheered. “Look, I’m helping your friend with the cake!”
“I can see that,” Yu said with a smile. “You got back from your friend’s house awfully
quick.”
Nanako nodded. “She forgot to do her homework, so I came back early.”
“I see,” Yu said, placing the bag on the kitchen table.
“What’s the cake for?” Nanako asked.
“It’s for Yosuke’s birthday,” Yu said. “Apparently, we missed it. Speaking of birthdays, when
is yours? I’d hate to miss that too.”
“October fourth,” Nanako said proudly. “I’ll be turning seven.”
“October fourth, huh?” Yu asked. “What about you, Akechi-kun?”
“June second,” Goro said. “We’re long past celebrating it.”
Yu nodded. “Give me a minute, let me mark Nanako’s birthday on my calendar.”
“Wait!” Nanako exclaimed. “What about your birthday, Big Bro?”
“Oh, it’s in November, but that’s pretty far away,” Yu said.
“You need to mark it on your calendar too,” Nanako said. “We need to have a big party with
you!”
Yu looked like he had half a mind to cry before smoothing his face into a more impassive
expression. “Alright.”
Yu ran upstairs. A few moments later, he returned. “Done.”
“My hand is tired,” Nanako reported. She handed the bowl back to Goro. Goro whisked the
batter a few more times before deciding it was good enough.
“I think we can put this in the oven,” Goro said, picking up his phone with his free hand.
“How long does it need to bake?”
“Thanks for remembering I’m still here,” Shinjiro said. “About half an hour.”
“Very specific,” Goro said as Yu set a timer.
“Well, if you’re not going to make your own icing, I think my work here is done,” Shinjiro
said. “Akihiko wanted me to do the dishes today, so I should go before he finds out that I’m a

lazy ass.”
Yu gave the phone a death glare. Shinjiro hung up before Goro could reprimand him.
After an hour, the cake was completely baked and cooled. Nanako eagerly helped them with
the icing and sprinkles.
“We should make the sprinkles spell something,” Nanako said.
“What should they spell?” Yu asked.
“Happy Birthday, Yosuke!”
“That might be difficult to spell with sprinkles,” Goro said. “Maybe choose something a little
simpler.”
“Oh, alright.” Nanako hummed. “What about the number for his age?”
“Sounds good to me,” Yu said.

“Happy Birthday, Yosuke!”
Everybody stood around one of the round tables of the Junes food court. The cake sat on the
table, clearly displaying the uneven “17” made from sprinkles.
Yosuke jumped in alarm. He dropped his phone but caught it before it hit the ground.
“Somehow, I didn’t see this coming.”
“Come on, nobody else has been kidnapped,” Chie said. “Why else would we call you to
Junes?”
“To train?” Yosuke looked completely flabbergasted. “Like Yu said we would?”
“I lied,” Yu said, smirking.
Yosuke spotted Nanako standing in between Yu and Kanji. “Oh, and Nanako’s here too. Did
everyone in the town want to celebrate my birthday?”
“No, just us,” Yukiko said. “Akechi-kun’s a good cook, so the cake should be delicious.”
“You’re overestimating my abilities,” Goro said.
“I helped!” Nanako raised her hand.
“In that case, the cake will definitely be delicious,” Chie said. “Come on, Yosuke, hurry up
and blow out the candles already!”
“Okay, okay, I’m hurrying, sheesh.” Yosuke closed his eyes. “Didn’t realize today was your
birthday.”

“Um, technically today’s nobody’s birthday,” Kanji said. “I mean, your birthday was over a
week ago, man. We’re just celebrating it today.”
“You know that’s not what I meant!”
Yosuke blew out the candles, and Yu sliced the cake. Yosuke received the first piece, but Yu
gave Nanako the second slice.
After they distributed and consumed the cake, Yosuke put his plate down and grinned.
“Thanks guys. You really didn’t have to do this.”
“We kind of did,” Kanji said.
“Yeah, how else are we going to cake on our birthdays, huh?” Chie asked.
Yosuke sighed. “Good to know where all of your motives are.”
“All jokes aside, it’s fun to celebrate birthdays with friends,” Yukiko said. “It’s like our way
of showing our appreciation.”
“Appreciation for what?” Yosuke laughed self-depreciatingly.
“You’ve been a big help with this investigation,” Yu said. “You made me leader, but you’re
the one with all of the leadership qualities.”
“It’s true,” Chie said. “No offense, Yu.”
“None taken.”
“And you have the emotional maturity to look at a situation from an objective lens,” Goro
said. “Which is more than Adachi can say.”
“Oh my god, that detective is the worst,” Yosuke muttered.
“Adachi-san is nice,” Nanako said, pouting slightly. “Sometimes Dad brings him over for
dinner.”
“We’re sure he’s very nice,” Yukiko said. “He’s just not very good at his job.”
“Oh.” Nanako nodded. “Dad says that too.”
After another half an hour of idle conversation, Nanako suggested they play hide and seek.
Even though they were technically still celebrating Yosuke’s birthday, nobody could say no to
Nanako. Somehow, Akechi was elected as the seeker.
“You have to count to sixty,” Nanako told Goro sternly. “Otherwise, it’s cheating.”
“Do you play hide and seek with a lot of cheating seekers, Nana-chan?” Yosuke asked.
Nanako nodded. “Shio-kun always counts to twenty and then pretends that she counted to
sixty, but the rest of us know the truth. Seta-kun hid really close to her, and he heard her only

count to twenty.”
“Wow,” Chie said. “I forgot how intense elementary school politics could be.”
“I won’t cheat,” Goro assured her.
“I know you won’t,” Nanako said. “You’re Big Bro’s friend!”
As cute as Nanako’s faith in Yu was, Goro was suddenly concerned that anyone could
pretend to be Yu’s friend and manipulate Nanako however he liked. He’d speak to Yu about
that later. Nanako seemed to be a very reasonable child, but nobody was immune to
manipulation.
At the moment, Goro would satisfy himself with not cheating in a game of hide and seek.
Truly, a monumental task.
Goro sat down and covered both of his eyes with his hands. He counted to sixty as loudly as
was socially acceptable in a public space. When he reached sixty, he stood up and entered the
store.
Nanako was extremely poorly hidden. She was crouched in between two aisles filled with
stuffed animals. She stared very intently at a Jack Frost plush sitting on one of the shelves.
“Found you,” Goro said. Nanako had a clear advantage in hide and seek, being the smallest
of the group. If she was going to waste that gift, Goro wasn’t going to pretend he didn’t see
her.
Nanako jumped. “Oops,” she said. “Sorry. I got distracted.”
Goro picked up the Jack Frost doll. The fabric was extremely soft to the touch, and the wide
grin on its face undercut its deadly power in the metaverse. “Do you like it?”
“I just think it's cute,” Nanako said shyly.
A memory of a similar situation, unbidden, struck Goro. He had been about five years old
when he saw a plush cat at the store with red fluffy fur and small beady eyes. He begged his
mother to purchase it. Of course, his mother was too concerned with feeding him to waste
money on frivolities.
Goro glanced at the price tag. It was only 1,500 yen. Thanks to the abundance of money in
the metaverse, Goro could easily afford it.
“Do you want it?”
“You don’t have to,” Nanako said.
“Consider it my good deed for the day,” Goro said.
“But you already made Yosuke-kun a cake.”

Goro couldn’t believe that Nanako was fighting so hard not to be given a gift that she clearly
wanted. Weren’t children meant to be selfish brats?
“That was yesterday. I need a new good deed for today.”
“Oh.” A smile crawled on Nanako’s face. “Are you sure?”
“As sure as I ever am.”
Nanako bowed deeply. “Thank you very much!”
Nanako thanked him approximately every five seconds as Goro walked with her to cash
register. On the way, they found Yosuke hiding behind a display of Featherman action
figures.
“What do you have there, Akechi-kun?” Yosuke asked as he followed Goro and Nanako.
“Akechi-san’s giving me a gift!” Nanako said. “Thank you very much!”
“Like I’ve already said a thousand times before, it’s nothing,” Goro said. He handed the doll
to the cashier. After he paid for the plush, he gave it to Nanako. “You can stop thanking me
now.”
“Thank–” Nanako shut her mouth and blushed. She hugged the Jack Frost plush close to her
chest. “I’ll never lose it.”

“Thou art I… and I am Thou
Thou hast established a new bond…

One that furthers thy voyage for redemption

Thou shalt be blessed when creating
Personas of the Sun Arcana…”

Goro smiled. “Well, I’m sure the others are getting listless. We should find them.”
“What does listless mean?”
“Kinda like being bored,” Yosuke said.
“Listless,” Nanako repeated, nodding to herself. “Let’s go find them!”

Chapter End Notes

Nanako is here to carry this fic. I love her so much.
I'm sure my brain will come up with something clever to say as soon as I publish this
chapter so I guess look forward to that sadge.
OH, look! 300k words :D
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3
EDIT: i know it's been 24 hours but I finally remember what i was going to say! I was
watching/playing p4 after i wrote the baking scene and i dont think yu's house has an
oven. Therefore, the true canon divergence is that Yu's house has an oven now. I'm sorry,
I don't make the rules. /lh

Chapter 51: July 5–10, 2011
Chapter Summary

the part of the show where akira kurusu
is actually really important to the plot going forward
shocker, i know

Chapter Notes

tw: referenced death, ptsd, referenced kidnapping, implied/referenced child abuse

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Goro’s admittedly brief forays into the TV world dungeons taught him one thing. He was
getting out of shape. In the midst of the kidnappings and new environment, Goro forgot to
establish a new running routine.
Fortunately, Inaba had many opportunities for running routes. Goro started to run in the
central shopping district, to the floodplain, and back to the Amagi Inn every afternoon. It felt
good to have something to do again.
When Goro texted Emiko saying that running counted as a hobby, she responded with
derision. Goro still thought it counted.
On the Tuesday afternoon after Yosuke’s birthday party, Goro ran past the Velvet Room door
before Marie’s voice stopped him in his tracks.
“What are you doing here?” she asked, standing next to the Velvet Room door with her arms
crossed.
“I’m on a run,” Goro asked, startled by both her question and her presence. “Are you allowed
to be outside?”
“It’s not like anyone can see me when I’m standing this close to the room,” Marie said. She
glared at the door. “And I can’t stand being around those weirdos more than I have to be.”
“Theodore isn’t a weirdo,” Goro said, suddenly aware of his necklace.
Marie snorted. “Are you kidding?”

“He’s a little pompous,” Goro admitted. “But his heart is in the right place.”
“Ugh, fine,” Marie said. “Theodore’s whatever. But Margaret is judgmental, and the nose is a
weirdo. You can’t deny that.”
“I can’t,” Goro agreed reluctantly. He hated Igor’s smug-ass smirk and complete lack of
answers.
Marie glanced away with an impatient expression. “Good.”
Goro took a deep breath and tried to calm down his irritation. “Have you actually bothered to
get to know the attendants?”
“Why are you grilling me about this?” Marie rolled her eyes. “I didn’t realize you were
dating Theo; I’m sorry for insulting his honor.”
“I’m not dating him,” Goro sputtered. “But you’re trapped in that room with them most of the
time anyway. Wouldn’t it be prudent to at least try and get along?”
“Um, no.”
“Fine,” Goro snapped. “Stew in your bitterness, then, if that’s what makes you happy.”
Goro resumed his run. Marie’s attitude wasn’t any of his business. If she wanted to be
miserable, that was her decision.
Goro stopped running shortly after he began. Yu stood in front of two vending machines,
repeatedly putting yen into the slot. A soda can emerged from the bottom of the vending
machine, and a defeated noise like game over music played from the machine.
“What are you doing?” Goro asked, fascinated.
Yu put the soda in a bag and inserted more yen. “Gathering supplies.”
This time, a victory chime emerged from the vending machine. An extra can came out of it.
“What is it doing?”
“It’s a lottery machine,” Yu explained. “If you’re lucky, it’ll give you a free drink.”
“I see.” Goro frowned. “So you stand here and collect soda for our forays into the
metaverse.”
“Yep.” A repetitive beeping rang out as Yu tried to insert more yen. “Damnit, it’s out of
stock.”
“Do you need help carrying it back home?”
Yu shook his head and picked up the bag full of soda cans. The bottom of the bag sagged
downwards. It looked in danger of ripping.

“I’ve got this,” Yu said. He gave Goro a small smile. “Thanks for asking.”
“Right…”
Yu walked away. Goro watched him go, somewhat bewildered. He knew Minato wouldn’t
have wasted his time in front of a vending machine just to get a few sodas. They only could
rejuvenate the smallest amounts of energy and health, even in the metaverse.
But, come to think of it, it was the same kind of stupid shit he’d catch Akira doing from time
to time. Once, Akira and Ryuji left Shujin heaving a box full of what looked like jam bread,
likely bought from the school store.
Akira ate that same jam bread months later in Sae’s palace. The metaverse must have the
ability to preserve food, or else Akira would have gotten sick upon taking a single bite.
Maybe Goro shouldn’t judge. He hadn’t forgotten scarfing down five protein bars to heal
himself from a gunshot wound.
This wasn’t worth thinking about anymore. Goro shook himself free of the thought and
resumed running. Who gave a damn about Yu’s spending habits anyway?
Star Arcana: Rank 2

The rain started coming down for multiple days in a row. Goro took to checking the Midnight
Channel every night, but nobody new ever appeared on the screen.
Unfortunately, staying up for the Midnight channel did not help his already troubled sleep.
“Aren’t you tired of this, Goro?” a voice that sounded like Takaya whispered one night.
“Playing the good guy?”
Goro leapt awake and punched the phantom. He stared at open air. Goro wildly looked
around his room, trying to find the intruder. The door to the hall creaked shut.
Goro ran to the door and opened it. He looked up and down the hall, but nobody was there.
He only spotted some kind of bug flying around the corner. The air in his lungs felt like fire
as he tried to take deep breaths. His heart beat out of sync.
Was it just a dream? Had he only imagined an intruder?
Goro shut the door and stared at the locking mechanism. It was unlocked. Had he forgotten to
lock the door last night?
Goro always locked the door.
Goro crouched to the ground and tried to steady his breathing. Whoever was there, they were
gone now. They didn’t hurt him. They only satisfied themself with taunts.

It was all the more terrifying. What motive could they have had to trespass on his room? How
did they know where his room was?
Goro laughed shakily. His lungs still burned. First, he was afraid of entering Kujikawa’s
dungeon. Now, he was afraid of being alone in his own room.
His shadow was right. He really was a coward.
Goro wasn’t sure how long he sat there. The trembling in his limbs refused to subside, but
light slowly started creeping from the windows.
“You’re better than this,” Goro muttered. “Get up, already.”
Goro didn’t move. An irrational part of his brain told him that Takaya and Jin were waiting in
the hall. If Goro moved, they would find him. Takaya would dunk his head under water, or
Jin would throw knives–
Goro brushed his fingers over the scar on his cheek. The unevenly raised lump was only a
few inches long.
Goro couldn’t sit there forever. Why did the mere thought of moving send electric terror
down his spine?
“Takaya is dead,” Goro muttered. “Jin is dead.”
And even if they weren’t dead, they would certainly be dying from the suppressants. They
wouldn’t be able to hurt him. Goro was fine.
Goro’s phone began ringing from the opposite side of the room. The chimes pierced his ear
drums jarringly. He should pick it up.
He still couldn’t move.
The ringing stopped. After a few seconds, it started back up again.
Somehow, Goro stood up and walked mechanically to his dresser. He picked up the phone.
“Akechi speaking.”
“Akechi-kun?” Akira’s voice trembled. “Can you pick me up?”
“Pick you up?” Goro asked. His mind started to clear as concern took over. “What are you
talking about?”
“I’m by the apartments,” he said. “I don’t want to walk home alone.”
Goro yanked open his drawers and seized a fresh shirt. “I’ll be there in a few minutes.”
“Can you… actually, never mind. Sorry for bothering you.”
“You’re not bother–”

Akira hung up. Goro pocketed his phone, got dressed, and hastened out of the inn.
That morning, a thick yellow fog hung over Inaba, making the town look like the TV world.
Despite his limited visibility, Goro ran in the direction of the apartments. Sirens wailed in the
distance.
What the hell was going on?
It took him ten minutes to find the apartments. It would have taken him longer if it weren’t
for the gossiping crowds and police presence. Goro searched frantically to find Akira amidst
all the pandemonium, but Akira spotted him first.
“Akechi-kun?”
Goro turned his head toward Akira’s quiet voice. He sat on the curb, a few yards away from
the main source of attention. Goro jogged to him.
“Are you alright?” he asked, gasping for breath. “What’s going on?”
“There’s been another death,” Akira said. His voice was raw, and he hugged himself tightly.
Goro felt lightheaded. “What?”
“I don’t even know why I came here,” Akira said. “I thought I saw… and then I saw the
body… have you ever seen a body?”
“Yes,” Goro whispered. “Who was the victim?”
“I don’t know,” Akira said. “I didn’t recognize him.”
It wasn’t Kujikawa, then. But there was nobody on the Midnight channel last night. Goro
checked.
“Who did you think you saw?” Goro asked. He needed answers. It was the only way he
would stay composed. “When you came here?”
“I thought I saw my uncle.” A hiccupping laugh burst from Akira. “Which is ridiculous,
because he’s living in the States.”
“Your uncle?” Goro asked, his ears ringing.
“I don’t want to talk about it,” Akira said. “I don’t know what I was thinking. And then I saw
the body, but I couldn’t go through that with the police again, so I left and let someone else
be the first witness.” Akira frowned. “That’s not bad, right? Konishi-san got killed, and I–”
Akira covered his face with his hands.
Goro didn’t know what to do. He tentatively rested a hand on Akira’s shoulder. Akira didn’t
flinch away from the touch.

“Coming through, police!” Adachi pushed through the still gathering crowds. He spotted
Goro and ran up to him. “Akechi-kun? What are you doing here?”
“I happened to be in the area,” Goro said coldly.
“Yeah, I just got the news. I might have slept in this morning, heh,” Adachi said with an
awkward chuckle. He frowned. “Is your friend okay?”
Akira sniffed and looked up. “I-I’m fine, sir.”
“Oh, I recognize you!” Adachi said. “Kurusu-kun, right? You were the one who–”
“Yes, sir,” Akira interrupted loudly. “You’re Adachi-san? I remember you told me you threw
up the first time you saw a body.”
“That’s right.” Adachi scratched the back of his neck. “Good thing I haven’t eaten breakfast.”
“Adachi, what’s taking you so long?!” Dojima’s voice echoed from down the street.
“Aw, shit. Be right there, Dojima-san!” Adachi fumbled with his wallet and handed Akira a
clump of yen. “Buy yourself a coffee, alright? It might make you feel better. Or, um, hot
chocolate or whatever you kids drink.”
Akira nodded. “Thank you, sir.”
“It’s no problem.” Adachi smiled. He jogged backwards. “Try your best to stay away from
crime scenes from now on, got that? It’s not safe!”
Adachi gave them a parting wave before breaking into a sprint toward Dojima. Goro stood
up. “I think a cup of coffee sounds great,” he said.
Akira nodded and shoved the yen in his pocket. He followed Goro further away from the
crime scene.
Seemingly out of nowhere in the fog, Yosuke ran toward them.
“Akechi-kun?” Yosuke asked, skidding to a halt. “Did you hear the news?”
“There’s been a murder?” Goro asked. “Yes, I have. I take it you came to find out more?”
Yosuke nodded. “The others are all meeting at Junes. Don’t be surprised if one of them gives
you a call.”
“I’ll come as soon as possible, but I’m a little held up at the moment,” Goro said. “Feel free
to start the meeting without me.”
Yosuke’s eyes landed on Akira, and his eyebrows shot up in surprise.
“Oh, hi!” Yosuke said. “Are you a friend of Akechi-kun?”

“Um, yes,” Akira said. He shot Akechi a worried look. “I didn’t mean to interrupt
something.”
“You’re not interrupting anything,” Goro said. “Don’t worry about it.”
“Yeah, it’ll take about an hour for everyone to gather anyway,” Yosuke said. “Yu wants to
make sure Nanako-chan will be safe before he leaves.”
“Oh, good.” Akira looked around nervously. “Can we go?”
Goro took Akira to the cafe in the shopping district. They sat inside and drank their coffees
silently. Well, Akechi drank his coffee. Akira held onto his like a lifeline and stared at the
murky blackness with a nauseated expression.
“You’ve met Adachi-san before?” Goro asked, wanting to confirm his suspicions. Had Akira
seen another body too? If that was the case, Joker’s ghost story might not be as fictional as
Goro had previously thought.
“I don’t want to talk about it.” Akira put his coffee down and stood up. “I need to make a
call.”
Akira walked to the other side of the restaurant and turned his back to Goro, making it near
impossible for Goro to deduce the nature of the phone call. Akira hunched in on himself as he
spoke, but he arched his back a few moments later. He hung up and returned to the table.
“Who was that?”
“Just wanted to tell my parents about the situation,” Akira said. “They’re out of town.”
“They are?” Goro frowned. Somehow, he had it in his head that Akira had perfect parents.
Then again, just because they were busy didn’t necessarily mean that they weren’t loving.
“They have work,” Akira said. “But they’ll be back soon. It keeps us well-provided for, so
it’s fine.”
Akira seemed to be trying to convince himself more than Goro. An uneasy feeling settled
inside Goro’s gut.
“I’m happy,” Akira clarified. “They love me.”
Goro might have argued, but Akira just saw a dead body. Goro might be used to seeing
corpses, but he remembered how sick he felt the first time he saw one.
They drank their coffee in further silence. A few people entered the cafe, whispering to the
owners about the new murder. Akira stood up abruptly.
“Thank you,” he said. “I think I feel better now.”
Goro stood up with him. “I can accompany you back to your house.”

Akira took a deep breath, and his shoulders slumped. “No,” he said. “I’m fine.”
“Are you sure–”
“I’m fine.”
Akira left the cafe before Goro could say another word. Goro stood there, somewhat
dumbstruck. Of course, the Akira he knew always had an aversion to accepting help, but he
had been a bit more… flippant about it.
Goro almost went after him, but a phone call from Chie stopped him. Goro tried not to sound
too tense when he answered.
“Yes?”
“So, um, how do I phrase this?” Chie asked, sounding perturbed. “You know what, forget it. I
don’t think we’re going inside the TV today.”
“No?” Goro asked.
“Yeah, uh–Hey! Get your own phone!” Chie laughed nervously. “Sorry about that. Look,
we’re all going to be meeting up at Yosuke’s place. We can catch you up there.”
“What happened?”
“Um… Teddie came to the real world.”
“He can do that?”
“Yeah, apparently he got bored waiting for us,” Chie said. “I can’t really blame him, but he
sure is acting like a curious toddler right now.”
“How the hell are you going to inconspicuously have Teddie walk through the town?” Goro
demanded.
“Yosuke says he’ll say it’s a promotion for Junes,” Chie said. “It’ll work. I think. Teddie,
what are you doing–”
Chie shrieked. Goro jumped.
“Chie-san?”
“Put that head back on right now!” Chie shouted. “Sorry, I got to go. I’ll fill you in later!”
Chie hung up before Goro could ask about what the hell had happened. Goro stared at his
phone in annoyance. Why couldn’t anyone give him a straight answer anymore?

The sun caused the fog to disappear during the time Akira and Goro had been in the coffee
shop. Goro stood in the shade by Yosuke’s house as he waited for the others to show up.

The group approached Yosuke’s house in the most conspicuous procession ever. They were
going to have to start splitting up if they ever wanted to go one place together. Friend groups
were one thing. A fool would have to miss a massive group of previous victims following a
murder case.
Speaking of conspicuous, Teddie stuck out like a sore thumb amongst the others. At least
Morgana was an ordinary cat in the real world. And even then, most people didn’t take their
cats to school. Teddie waddled down the driveway, hunching forward like an old man.
“Yosuke,” he groaned. “I think I’m overheating.”
“I’ll give you a change of clothes in a minute,” Yosuke snapped. “Let’s hope that I have
something that will fit you.”
“Why couldn’t we have gone shopping at Junes?”
“Because Akechi-kun’s waiting for us,” Yosuke said. “Besides, you refused to have anything
except the most expensive clothing in the entire place! If you were reasonable, maybe you
wouldn’t be so miserable right now.”
“Akechi-kun!” Teddie complained, pointing at Yosuke. “Yosuke’s bullying me!”
“He’s not bullying you,” Kanji said. “He’s just being practical.”
Teddie made a weeping sound of despair. “You too, Kanji?”
“What the hell are any of you talking about?” Goro asked. “What clothing can Teddie
possibly wear?”
The entire group looked at Chie.
“What?!” Chie asked defensively. “How was I meant to say that Teddie had a naked body
underneath his bear costume? Who would be able to take that seriously?”
“Teddie what?”
“I can show you–”
“No, don’t!” Yosuke shouted. “We are literally right at my house. Let me unlock the door.”
Teddie sighed sadly. “Sensei wouldn’t mistreat me like this.”
“I’m standing right here,” Yu said. “You shouldn’t take your clothes off in public.”
“He’s right,” Yukiko said sympathetically.
Yosuke opened the door and let the group inside. The air inside was cooler than the summer
heat, and everyone let out a sigh of relief. Teddie looked around the house and gasped.
“Wow!” Teddie said. “This is so much nicer than the dungeons!”

“It’s a house,” Yu said.
“You’re so wise, Sensei!” Teddie said. “Can I take off my suit now? Akechi-kun has yet to
see my beautiful face.”
“In a minute!” Yosuke snapped. “Follow me.”
Teddie followed Yosuke to Yosuke’s bedroom. Everybody else sat down in the living area.
“Did you find out more about the murder?” Goro asked Yu, choosing to ignore the Teddieshaped elephant in the room.
Yu looked disconcerted, but he nodded. “The victim was our homeroom teacher, Morookasenpai.”
“And the cause of death is clear,” Kanji said. “It’s blunt force trauma. I think. Nothing like
the past deaths. Teddie said he didn’t smell him in the TV world at all.”
“And he didn’t show up on the midnight channel,” Yukiko added.
Goro frowned. “Probably not the same killer, then.”
“Not the same killer?” Chie asked. “What do you mean?”
It wasn’t obvious?
“This murder is an outlier from the others,” Goro said. “The motive and the cause of death
are completely different. I thought we agreed the victims are all seen on television before
being killed?”
“But he was hanging from an apartment balcony,” Yukiko said. “And you weren’t shown on
the news.”
“We agreed that the killer might not have wanted me to investigate him,” Goro said. He
drummed his fingers against his knee. “Was Morooka doing anything that might aggravate
the killer?”
“Other than criticizing all of our chastity?” Chie asked. “Not that I know of. Maybe the killer
just thought he was annoying.”
“And why make the murder method far more traceable to him?”
“The killer could have decided that throwing people into televisions wasn’t working,” Yukiko
said. “I mean, we’ve saved the last four victims.”
It was a fair point, but if that was stopping him, why hadn’t the killer given up after Goro
came out alive? Hell, even Kanji’s survival would’ve been indicative that the TV wasn’t an
effective murder method anymore.
“I still think it’s likelier that this is a copycat killer,” Goro said.

“It doesn’t make much sense if this is the same person as before,” Yu said, leaning forward
and running his hand through his hair. “You might be right.”
“But why the hell would someone do that?” Kanji said. “I mean, King Moron was the worst,
but I wouldn’t want to kill him!”
“Attention?” Goro did worse things just to be acknowledged.
“You mean that we might have two killers on the loose?” Yosuke asked as he came down the
stairs.
A light-skinned human-looking child followed Yosuke, wearing an oversized blue t-shirt and
khaki shorts. His eyes were the same startling blue as Ryoji’s, although his blonde hair ended
the resemblance.
“Looking good, Teddie,” Kanji said.
“Really?” Teddie asked. He looked down at himself. “Yosuke didn’t have a very wide
selection.”
At least Teddie didn’t look as unsettling as Morgana’s human form. Teddie’s body seemed to
match his emotional age.
“You look fine,” Chie said. “Did you hear Goro’s theory, Yosuke-kun?”
“I think I got the gist.” Yosuke grimaced and sat down next to Yu. “You really think that we
might have multiple people on our hands now?”
“But if this second person isn’t putting people in televisions, shouldn’t forensics have a better
chance at finding them?” Yukiko asked.
“Also, if I killed someone for attention, I wouldn’t hide. I’d tell someone,” Kanji said.
“He’s right,” Goro said. “Our copycat killer might turn themself in. Assuming my theory’s
correct, of course.”
“I hope so,” Yosuke said. “There’s not much we can do to stop the killer in the real world.”
“You guys worry too much,” Teddie said. He reached into his pocket. “Akechi-kun said the
other guy is going to turn themself in.”
Goro bristled. “I said they might turn themself in.”
“I have something that will make you feel better!” Teddie held a pair of glasses above his
head. “Tada!”
“Glasses?” Chie asked.
“For Rise-chan,” Teddie said. “She’s going to be joining the team as support, isn’t she?”

“Well, only if she wants to,” Yukiko said. “We shouldn’t force anyone into this, especially
when it’s so dangerous.”
“Oh, I didn’t think about that.” Teddie put the glasses back into his pocket with a forlorn
expression.
“It can’t hurt to check to see if she’s okay, though,” Yosuke said. “Don’t worry. We can ask if
she plans to help us.”
“Really?” Teddie asked hopefully.
“Yep.”
Teddie insisted that they all march back to the central shopping district and speak to
Kujikawa immediately. Goro agreed that they should check on Kujikawa’s welfare and
discern whether she did intend to join the investigation. Her support skills were certainly
more effective than Teddie’s.
As they approached Maruyuku Tofu, a young man exited the store. With a jolt, Goro realized
he knew that face.
“Shirogane-san?” Goro asked.
“Shirogane-who?” Yosuke’s eyes widened in recognition. “Wait a minute, you’re that boy
who was with Kanji!”
“I thought you might come here,” Shirogane said.
He didn’t correct the gender. He did initially present as a man in his early career; it’s how he
received the title of “detective prince” to begin with. Goro wasn’t sure if he was merely
pretending to be a man to avoid sexism, or if he was struggling with his identity. It didn’t
really matter. Regardless, Goro would respect his present wishes.
“H-how?” Kanji asked. “And, um, hi.”
“You’ve spoken with Shirogane before?” Goro asked.
“Uh, yeah… he spoke to me before I was taken,” Kanji said.
“I’m confused,” Chie said. “Who are you exactly?”
“I suppose I never did properly introduce myself,” Shirogane said. “My apologies. As your
young friend seems to have noticed, my name is Shirogane Naoto. I’m investigating the
murders that have occurred here. Do you mind if I ask you a few questions on the subject?”
“Go ahead,” Yu said, wearing a guarded expression.
“The most recent victim, Morooka Kinshiro… he was a teacher at the school you attend,
correct?”

“Yeah, so?” Chie asked.
“The general public is focused on the fact he worked at the previous victim’s school, but, in
truth, that is irrelevant. What intrigues me more is the inconsistency. This Morooka… has
never appeared on television. What do you think of that?”
Well, they didn’t name him the detective prince for nothing. Unlike Goro, Shirogane’s
detective career was one-hundred percent genuine. As far as Goro was aware, Shirogane
never solved crimes he committed himself.
“How would we know?” Yosuke asked after a moment.
“Well, I’ll leave it at that,” Shirogane said. “Know that I would like to solve this case as soon
as possible. I’ll be keeping an eye on you all.”
“What makes you think that we have anything to do with this?” Goro asked. It wasn’t as
though they were subtle, but Goro was curious to hear Shirogane’s reasoning.
“I’m surprised more people haven’t noticed that all of the previous victims of the kidnapping
incidents have banded together,” Shirogane said. “You’re here to see Kujikawa-san, are you
not?”
“We came to buy tofu,” Yu said.
Shirogane snorted. “Right.” He started to walk away. “Until we meet again.”
The group watched Shirogane go with various expressions of awe and horror. When
Shirogane was a few meters away, Chie turned to the rest of them with a frustrated
expression. “Who the hell was that guy?”
“Shirogane Naoto,” Goro said. “The one I told you about?”
“Oh yeah, you did mention him,” Yukiko said. “Come to think of it, I do remember him
being mentioned on TV a few times.”
“I think Dojima-san mentioned him too,” Yu said. “He came back home from work the
evening we rescued Kujikawa complaining about a kid who was sent to help them.” Yu’s
expression turned ugly. “He wasn’t thrilled about it either.”
“Adults take it very personally when children correct them,” Goro said, not liking the
implications of Yu’s expression. “Even if the children are right.”
“Still, Shirogane was almost scary,” Yosuke said. “Do you think he’s been spying on us?”
“No,” Goro said. “I think that if you all can make connections, experienced detectives can
too. You’ll notice he didn’t ask if we were going to leap into the television.”
“Good point,” Chie said.
“Rise-chan!” Teddie cheered.

Everybody looked to their left. Kujikawa stood about a meter away, looking at them shyly.
“Oh, hi.”
“I have a gift for you, Rise-chan!” Teddie ran up to Kujikawa and presented the glasses. Rise
took them with a confused expression.
“Glasses?”
“They help us to see through the fog at the TV world,” Yosuke said. “But we probably
shouldn’t talk about that out in the open.”
“What if we go to the shrine?” Kujikawa asked. “I wanted to talk to you guys anyway, and
there aren’t normally a lot of people there.”
Just as Kujikawa predicted, nobody was at the shrine. After they arrived, Kujikawa explained
that she didn’t remember much from her kidnapping, which was about as helpful as Teddie’s
bear puns.
“We met this weird kid, Shirogane,” Yosuke told Kujikawa.
“He’s not weird,” Kanji said. “We run around asking people about the killings too, you
know.”
“Well, yes, but we don’t tell them we’re going to keep an eye on them,” Yukiko said. “I felt
kind of nervous.”
“We’re not exactly subtle,” Goro said.
“That’s not the point,” Yosuke said quickly. He turned to Kujikawa with an agitated
expression. “I just wanted to know if you’d seen him before.”
“Oh yeah, he’s come to the shop multiple times,” Kujikawa said. “He asked me a lot about
what happened, but I didn’t tell him about the other world. It’s not like he would believe me
or anything.”
“He said he’d keep an eye on us, didn’t he?” Chie asked. “What if he catches us going inside
the TV?”
“We’ll just be extra careful from now on,” Kanji said. “And who knows? Maybe he’ll want to
join us sometime. He seems pretty smart.”
“We already have a resident detective,” Chie said. “We don’t need another one.”
“Two minds are better than one,” Goro said. Seeing that Goro knew Shirogane played some
role in solving the case, he’d be stunned if he didn’t end up joining the team eventually.
“He asked about you guys too,” Kujikawa said. “But I just made stuff up. I said you found
me on the roof of the Junes.”
“That’s close enough, I guess,” Yosuke said.

“Um… so…” Kujikawa blushed. “I really appreciate what you guys did for me.” Her voice
suddenly changed in pitch and cadence. “Thank you so much! I love you guys!”
Teddie gasped. “Do you really mean it?”
“I’m sure she means it platonically,” Yosuke said, although his face was pink. “Wow. You
know, I kind of forgot that you really are Risette.”
“I know I sounded sad and gloomy earlier,” Kujikawa said. “But I thought you might not like
me that way. Do I sound weird? Or, wait, I guess this is what sounds more natural to the
public. I’ve practically lost touch with what the normal me feels like.”
“Nobody is going to force you to wear a mask,” Goro said. Putting up an innocent face for
the phantom thieves had been exhausting. During Maruki’s palace, pushing Akira away had
somehow been harder. “Do whatever the hell you want.”
“Yeah,” Yu said. “Everyone has multiple sides to them.”
“Hell, Akechi-kun even had two shadows,” Chie said.
“Chie!” Yosuke snapped. “You can’t talk about other people’s shadows without their
permission. That’s private!”
“Oh, right.” Chie looked guiltily at Goro. “I’m sorry, Akechi-kun.”
“Apology accepted.”
“Speaking of Akechi-kun,” Kujikawa said. “I still haven’t forgotten about that thing you
mentioned about being twenty-one years old. What’s that about?”
Goro briefly explained his checkered past with Shido to Kujikawa. When he was done,
Kujikawa looked down at the glasses still in her hands thoughtfully.
“But he’s not dangerous,” Yu said. “So please don’t point get the wrong idea about him.”
“Yeah, he’s definitely proved himself when fighting the last two shadows,” Yosuke said. “He
literally helped save your life.”
“I don’t need you defending me,” Goro muttered.
“Oh, it’s not that,” Kujikawa said, shaking her head. “It’s just… after hearing all that, it
makes my issues seem really small.”
“Nobody’s issues are small,” Yu said.
“I can sympathize with struggling with a public face,” Goro said. “Everything is relative.”
Kujikawa smiled and nodded. “Thanks.” She put on the glasses. “These things are meant to
help you see through the fog?”

“That’s right!” Teddie said. “It only works in the TV world.”
“I guess that means you want me to join, huh?” Kujikawa smiled at Yu. “Do you need my
help that badly, Senpai?”
“We would appreciate it,” Yu said. “But it’s up to you.”
“No, I’ll do it.” Kujikawa took off the glasses and pocketed them. “It’s personal now, so
you’d better not leave me out of anything!”
“Y-yes ma’am,” Kanji said.

Chapter End Notes

I love it when my outline is minutely wrong. In the original vision for this fic, a social
link shoudl have started by now. But alas, that social link doesn't start until next chapter.
Next chapter is crazy y'all im so excited.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3
I forgot to mention this in the last chapter but we made it over the half way point! good
job us!

Chapter 52: July 11–15, 2011
Chapter Summary

The last little social link activation rush
feel like i might've hyped y'all up a little too much for this chapter; don't expect thigns to
be Too crazy

Chapter Notes

tw: referenced suidcide/death, corpse, ptsd, implied/referenced child neglect

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Akechi’s body hung upside down from a telephone pole near the diet building. He was still
wearing his school uniform, but his striped tie dangled over his face, covering the bullet
wound in his forehead. Despite how very clearly dead Akechi was, the corpse’s expression
was oddly serene.
Goro stared at it quietly. It was odd. He didn’t feel dead. He thought he could feel the wind
hitting his face. But his corpse was right there, dangling ten feet above him.
“We really didn’t expect to find a body,” Akira said. He stood next to Goro, looking older
than Goro remembered but still wearing his Shujin uniform. He stuffed his hands inside his
pockets. “Or, well, I know I didn’t. A part of me didn’t really believe that you were dead.”
“Maybe this isn’t real,” Goro said.
“No.” Akira’s smile was strained. “It is.”
“You never told me about a dead body,” Goro said, his voice accusatory.
“That’s because I didn’t know.” Akira pulled his phone out of his pocket and began typing.
“Maruki kind of fucked everything up on that end.”
“Naturally.”
“Here.”
Akira tossed his phone at Goro. Goro caught it and looked down at the screen. A news article
dated in December 2016 stared back at him. A picture of Goro in one of his interviews sat

beneath the bold headline.
Shocking Truth about “Detective Prince” Akechi Goro Comes to Light at His Recent Suicide
“Suicide?” Goro asked.
“After we changed his heart, one of Shido’s goons made it look like you were working with
the Phantom Thieves and participating in causing the mental shutdowns,” Akira said. “He
moved your body from where he actually found it and put it in your apartment.”
“Akira,” Goro said, swallowing back bile. “Both of those things were true.”
“I know that.” Akira snatched his phone back. “But he asked you to cause the mental
shutdowns–”
“I still did it.”
“Well, I know that I can rest easy, at least,” Akira snapped. “Apparently, in the real reality for
January, the goon came forward and admitted to moving your body from somewhere near the
diet building. At that point, everyone knew that Shido ordered the mental shutdowns.”
“Great,” Goro said. “Society knows that I didn’t care about following terrible orders.”
“No,” Akira snapped. “Society knows that Shido is a miserable bastard.”
They were standing in a cemetery now. Goro’s name was engraved on the headstone in front
of them.
“Who cares what society thinks anyway?” Akira whispered. “I remember you.”
“And when you die, I will be forgotten entirely.” Akechi looked away from the grave.
“Everyone who dies is eventually forgotten.”
“That’s not true.”
“Prove it.”

“Um, Akechi-kun?” present-day Akira asked as they walked home from school the following
afternoon.
“Yes?”
Last night’s dream had been unsettling at best. Goro hadn’t managed to shake away the
image of his dead body the entire day at school, and he tried not to stare at Akira too much as
they walked. It wasn’t Akira’s fault that he wasn’t Joker anymore.
“Can we stop by Junes? I know it’s a little out of the way, but I have some groceries I need to
buy.”

“I don’t have a problem with that,” Goro said. The same unease from the day before settled in
the back of his mind. “Did your parents ask you to grab something?”
“Something like that,” Akira said. “Sorry for dragging you around everywhere. You can
leave. I’ll be fine on my own.”
Despite the confidence in his tone, Akira’s face was taut. Dark circles sat under his eyes.
What had he said yesterday? That Konishi discovered the first body and was killed? Was
Akira afraid the same would happen to him? Or was he simply on edge from the recent
murder in general?
“I have something I need to buy myself,” Goro lied. “It was my friend’s birthday recently,
and I have yet to give him a gift.”
“Oh, awesome.”
As Akira bought his groceries, Goro wandered to the clothing section and purchased a blue tshirt in a couple of different sizes. Teddie was currently living at Yosuke’s place. His parents
must be fantastic sports to allow a random child to live in their home. Still, seeing as Teddie
was brand new to the human world, he had very little belongings of his own. Goro would like
to see him out of the oversized t-shirt, at least.
As he was contemplating which design Teddie would appreciate, Yu texted him saying they
were planning on meeting up at Yosuke’s place. Goro informed Yu he might be slightly late.
At the checkout, Akira gave him a puzzled look when he saw the number of shirts Goro was
holding.
“I don’t know my friend’s size,” Goro said. “But he certainly needs new shirts.”
Akira himself held a rather large bag of groceries. If his parents really did put him up to food
shopping, it was clearly more than a quick trip to pick up eggs.
They completed their purchase and exited Junes. Shirogane stood next to the automatic
doors. He raised his eyebrows upon spotting Goro.
“I recognize you,” he said. “Are your companions coming here, by any chance?”
“I’m sure I don’t know,” Goro said. “Do you keep a constant eye of your friend’s every
move?”
“I’m afraid I’m rather short on friends at the moment, so I couldn’t say. But your group does
have a habit of gathering here, according to the regulars.” Shirogane crossed his arms, and his
eyes flitted to Akira before landing back on Goro. “Could I speak to you in private?”
Goro frowned. Akira was obviously confused, but he shrugged. “I can wait.”
Akira walked away and sat at a somewhat nearby bench. Goro mirrored Shirogane and
crossed his own arms.

“What do you want?”
“I thought you and your team should know that the police have a suspect,” Shirogane said.
“You should let them handle the case from here.”
“Because we all know the police to be competent at their jobs,” Goro said sarcastically.
“Since you seem to be in the same business as Adachi in spilling confidential information,
care to tell me about this suspect of yours?”
“They didn’t tell me his name,” Shirogane said. “Just that he’s a high school student.”
“Naturally,” Goro said. “Which school?”
“It’s not Yasogami High,” Shirogane said. “Apparently there are testimonies directly linking
him to the incident. It’s only a matter of time before he’s apprehended.”
“I find it strange that our normally very careful killer has left such an obvious trail this time
around,” Goro said. “Thoughts?”
Shirogane’s features twitched. “I think you misunderstand why I’m telling you this,”
Shirogane said. “Your game will soon come to an end. I thought you should know that.”
“A game?” Goro hissed. “Do you really think that is all this is to us?”
“You don’t deny that you are involved?”
“Obviously, we’re involved.” Goro wasn’t about to put up a false pretense. Shirogane clearly
knew what was going on, and Dojima and Adachi definitely had their suspicions. “Who
keeps bringing back the kidnapping victims? While your people are too busy following
obvious leads and getting nothing done, we’re the ones trying to save lives. Do you really
think we’d see that as a game?”
“Save lives?” Shirogane asked. “Do you mean to suggest you know where the kidnapped
victims are taken?”
Shit.
“Of course not,” Goro said. “But at least we’re taking this seriously. Are you sure you’re not
the one seeing it as a game? Do you realize what it means for someone in your life to die?”
Shirogane blinked; his self-assurance melted into a more vulnerable expression.
“I do, actually,” he said softly. “But perhaps you’re right. Maybe I’m the one who needs to
reevaluate their priorities.”
Goro took a deep breath. Shirogane could admit when he was wrong. Good. “I’ll tell the
others,” he said. “But don’t expect us to back down so easily.”
Shirogane nodded. “I understand.”

“Thou art I… and I am Thou
Thou hast established a new bond…

One that furthers thy voyage for redemption

Thou shalt be blessed when creating
Personas of the Fortune Arcana…”

“What was that about?” Akira asked when Goro rejoined him.
“Don’t worry about it,” Goro said. “Just a misunderstanding, I believe.”
Akira frowned. “Right.”

“I can’t believe finals are coming up,” Chie complained loudly as Yosuke let Goro into the
house. She was already upstairs, but her voice carried.
Goro had forgotten about final exams. Not that it really mattered. He wasn’t going to have
any sort of difficulty with them.
“Chie really has a way to distract us from what’s going on,” Yosuke sighed. “I was trying to
forget about finals.”
“It’s only a week,” Goro said. “I’m sure you’ll survive.”
Yosuke made a noise from the back of his throat that sounded like a sword scraping against
pavement. Goro winced.
“What have you got there?” Yosuke asked as they marched up the stairs. He pointed to the
Junes bag in Goro’s hands. “Buy us snacks?”
“I’m afraid not,” Goro said. “These are for Teddie.”
“You bought Teddie snacks?”
“Did somebody say Teddie?!” Teddie called. He appeared in front of the doorway. “Gorokun! You bought me snacks?”
“No.” Goro stepped inside Yosuke’s room as Teddie deflated.

“Oh,” Teddie said forlornly. “I suppose I will have to starve instead.”
“What are you talking about?” Chie asked. “We bought a ton of snacks already!”
Open bags of chips sat on the table alongside an assortment of half-drunk sodas.
“Don’t worry Goro-kun,” Kujikawa said. She handed Goro an untouched soda. “We bought
you one too.”
“Thanks,” Goro said, startled at being addressed with his given name. Teddie had done it too,
come to think of it. And if Teddie did it, it was only a matter of time before everyone else
followed suit.
Goro didn’t bother to correct her.
“It’s not the same.” Teddie picked up his bag of chips and munched on them with a pathetic
expression. “Nobody bought these chips especially for me.”
“I mean, we sort of did,” Kanji said. “We asked you which ones you liked, didn’t we?”
“You took a long time to decide too,” Yukiko said.
“Can’t you let me be sad in peace?” Teddie demanded.
“No,” Goro said. He tossed the bag at Teddie. It bounced off his head and crinkled loudly
when it hit the floor.
“Ow.” Teddie nursed his forehead.
“What was that for?” Kujikawa demanded. “Poor Teddie, are you alright?”
“You were meant to catch it, dumbass,” Goro said. “Just because it wasn’t snacks doesn’t
mean it wasn’t for you.”
Yu snorted. Teddie immediately brightened. “Really?”
“Yes, really,” Goro said. “Also, I might have told my friend that it’s a birthday gift for you.
Do you have a birthday?”
“A birthday?” Teddie asked.
“You know,” Yukiko said. “The day you were born, or created, I guess.”
“How were you created, Teddie?” Kujikawa asked.
“I-I don’t know,” Teddie said. “Can I still have one of these birthdays?”
“Sure,” Yosuke said. “You were kind of born yesterday, weren’t you? I mean, you made
yourself a body.”
“It’s my rebirthday,” Teddie said. “Wow! That’s pretty exciting.”

“Do you want us to bake you another cake?” Chie asked. “We could do that right now, if you
wanted.”
“My parents probably won’t mind as long as we clean up the mess,” Yosuke said.
“Really?” Teddie asked again. He picked up the bag and hugged it. “This is the best day
ever!”
“You still haven’t opened Akechi’s gift,” Yu observed.
“Oh, whoops!” Teddie eagerly looked inside the bag and pulled out the t-shirts. He held one
of them up to his chest. “Do they match my eyes?”
“Oh, yes,” Yukiko said. “I’m sure they’ll look good on you, Teddie-kun.”
Yosuke looked gratefully at Goro. “Thank you,” he said. “Now we won’t have to buy as
many clothes for him.”
“It’s not your gift, Yosuke,” Teddie said chidingly. “It’s mine. Therefore, I should be the one
doing the thanking.”
“Then, go ahead and thank him already,” Kanji said.
Teddie nodded and bowed. “Thank you very much, Goro-kun! This is my favorite rebirthday
ever!”

“Thou art I… and I am Thou
Thou hast established a new bond…

One that furthers thy voyage for redemption

Thou shalt be blessed when creating
Personas of the Aeon Arcana…”

“It’s your first rebirthday ever,” Yu said.
“Exactly,” Teddie agreed.
“Before we celebrate,” Goro said. “I have some news from our favorite detective.”
“You’re our favorite detective, Goro-kun,” Kujikawa said teasingly.

Goro rolled his eyes and prayed his cheeks weren’t pink. “Your second favorite detective,
then. Regardless of your opinion of him, he says the police have apprehended a suspect.”
He gave them the information Shirogane provided him. Everybody took the news with a
mixture of anxiety and anticipation.
“Does this mean it can be finally over?” Yukiko asked.
“I don’t know,” Yosuke said. “Akechi-kun’s copycat theory might make more and more
sense. Do you really think you could be overpowered by a high school student?”
“As Adachi so eloquently put it, you can get drugs online if you know where to look,” Goro
said. “And I'm not exactly tall. I briefly heard their voice, but I don’t know if I’d be able to
pinpoint it.”
“We’ll have to wait and see, I guess,” Yu said. “Let’s hope the killer got sloppy.”

Goro spotted Adachi on his way to school the following morning. The hair on the back of his
head was sticking out.
“Good morning, Adachi-san.”
Adachi jumped and spun toward Goro. “Ah, Akechi-kun! I didn’t see you there.”
“On your way to work?” Goro asked.
“You caught me,” Adachi said. “Maybe I should grab some coffee for Dojima-san. It might
appease his wrath over me being late for the third time in a row.”
“The third time in a row?” Goro asked, flabbergasted.
“I think my alarm clock is broken,” Adachi said.
“You also forgot to comb your hair.”
“Damnit.” Adachi tried to smooth down his hair. He wasn’t very successful. “Oh well.” He
sighed. “It always ends up sticking up anyways.”
“Is that because you keep forgetting to comb it?”
“Ha ha,” Adachi said. “Don’t you have school?”
“I do.” Goro swallowed his pride. “I actually wanted to thank you for the other day.”
“The other day?” Adachi frowned. “Oh! You mean the coffee for Kurusu-kun. You don’t
have to thank me. It’s my job to protect civilians, isn’t it?”
“Well, you weren’t obligated to buy him coffee,” Goro said. He bowed. “So I appreciate it.”

“It was nothing, seriously.” Adachi smiled. “I wasn’t really giving much thought to what I
was doing at all that morning, really. We were so surprised when another body turned up, and
now we’re busy with this suspect– um, forget I said that.”
“Right,” Goro said. “Remind me how you keep your job?”
“I guess I’m just not as terrible as you think I am,” Adachi said. “Also this place is extremely
understaffed. Dojima-san needs me as his gofer. I mean, partner.”
Goro easily believed that.
“Maybe, if you put forth the effort and got yourself a new alarm clock, Dojima-san would
appreciate your talents.”
Adachi chuckled in a self-deprecating way. “You make it sound so easy.”
“Or maybe you make it sound too difficult.”
Adachi shook his head. “You are one strange kid, Akechi-kun.”
Goro smiled with all his teeth. “I get that a lot.”
Jester Arcana: Rank 5

“Still going on those runs of yours, aren’t you?”
Goro tensed at the sound of Tsuyoshi’s voice. He continued to run. Maybe, if Goro ignored
him, Tsuyoshi would decide to leave him alone. At the very least, Tsuyoshi would have to
work to give Goro his dose of torment.
“Are you running away from me now?” Tsuyoshi asked, jogging alongside him. “I’m hurt.”
“No, you’re not,” Goro said. “And I’m not running away. I just don’t stop my routine for
brainless worms.”
“A brainless worm am I now?” Tsuyoshi asked. “That’s an awfully rude thing to say to your
best friend’s uncle.”
Goro hated this. He hated Tsuyoshi’s endless mind games. He hated feeling so helpless.
He needed to turn the tables.
“About that–” Goro skidded to a halt. Tsuyoshi stopped with far more ease, and Goro
grabbed him by the shirt. “I know it was you who led Akira to Morooka’s body–”
“I know it was you,” Tsuyoshi said mockingly. “What happened to not accusing people
without evidence?”

“And Akira’s testimony isn’t evidence enough?” Goro asked. “He said he saw his uncle.
You’re the only person I know of who pretends to be Akira’s uncle.”
“Pretends? You wound me.”
“You never fooled anyone.”
Tsuyoshi laughed, and Goro’s blood turned into ice. He tightened his hold on Tsuyoshi’s
shirt.
“You disappoint me, Goro,” he said.
Goro grit his teeth. “Don’t call me that.”
“Oh, my bad.” Tsuyoshi smirked. “You disappoint me, young Goro. That better?”
Goro punched Tsuyoshi in the face. Goro’s knuckles exploded in pain. It felt like hitting a
brick wall. Tsuyoshi didn’t even flinch as Goro nursed his injury.
“Assault is a no-no in this country,” Tsuyoshi said. “I’d hate to get you arrested.”
“I guess I’m lucky you’re invincible, in that case,” Goro hissed, still reeling from the pain.
“What do you want from me, if I’m so disappointing to you?”
“Some initiative?” Tsuyoshi poked Goro’s forehead. “You claim to know who I am, and yet
you’ve done nothing to try to stop me. Hell, you haven’t even tried to find out more about
me.”
“It’s difficult when you’re impossible to find,” Goro snapped. “And you’re clearly not
actually Akira’s uncle, which leaves me with very little room for investigation. I know you’re
the embodiment of chaos. That’s plenty of information for me.”
“Aren’t you a detective?” Tsuyoshi put his hands in his pockets. “You should make it your
business to find out the unknowable.”
“I was a detective.” Goro took a few steps backwards. “And clearly, I’m not a very good one.
You act as if I haven’t tried to discover your weaknesses. Unsurprisingly, metaverse
anomalies aren’t well documented in history.”
It was astonishingly difficult to distinguish between urban legend and a cognitive world
interference. Goro found countless threads that could have been referring to either. However,
unlike the Lost in Iwatodai or the eventual Phantom Thieves, nothing had been on official
news sources. That didn’t necessarily mean none of the urban legends weren’t true. It meant
Goro had no way of discerning it.
Besides, even if rumors had been coming alive in Sumaru City–one of Mitsuru’s cognitive
science books mentioned this instance, although the book admitted it was just a rumor–it
didn’t help Goro learn anything about Tsuyoshi’s potential weak points. Or even his actual
name.

Tsuyoshi smirked. “Maybe you just don’t know who to ask.”
“Maybe you should stop being cryptic and tell me what you want straight out.”
“You know, I expected you to be some ruthless killer,” Tsuyoshi said. Goro blinked, and
suddenly Tsuyoshi had closed the gap between the two of them. Tsuyoshi grabbed Goro’s
shoulder. Goro stopped breathing. “But I guess all you ever were was some scared little kid.”
Goro’s fear didn’t stop him from slipping his hand into Tsuyoshi’s coat pocket. Goro didn’t
know what he expected to find. A weakness? A clue? Tsuyoshi clearly wanted him to find
something.
His fingers clamped against fabric, and he carefully slipped the foreign object into his own
pocket. Tsuyoshi laughed and clapped his hand against Goro’s shoulder.
“That’s more like it,” he said. “Consider that me throwing down the gauntlet.”
Tsuyoshi left. Goro began to follow him, but somehow Tsuyoshi managed to slip seemingly
into nothingness.
Goro’s hand shook as he pulled a black glove from his pocket. His black glove. The one he
gave Akira. His grip tightened, and piece of paper crinkled inside.
Goro reached inside the glove. It was too big for his hand, and Goro easily pulled out a small
piece of paper.
Pretty sure that Old Coot would say something about bonds stopping me, so—
Goro flipped the slip of paper over. A phone number was written on the other side.
Shido’s phone number.
Goro crumbled the piece of paper and threw it as hard as he could. As if he was going to be
stupid enough to call Shido for the sake of investigating Tsuyoshi. It was obviously there to
goad him into doing something reckless.
Obviously.
Goro pulled out his phone and called Fuuka.
“Goro-kun?” Fuuka asked, obviously startled by the call.
“Hello, Fuuka-chan,” Goro said lightly. “How small can you make a tracker?”
Fool Arcana: Rank 8

“Fuuka told me you called her the other day,” Mitsuru said. “What’s this about a tracker?”
“Do you trust me?” Goro asked.

“You know I do.”
“Then, don’t ask.”
“Perhaps I should rephrase,” Mitsuru said. “I trust you have good intentions. I don’t trust you
to ask for help when you need it. Why do you need a tracker, Goro?”
“I need it for the investigation,” Goro said. The glove sitting in his pocket felt like a sack of
rocks. “We have a suspect we want to track down.”
“Goro–”
Fear made people do stupid things. Goro knew this firsthand. Fear also saved lives. If he got
his friends involved with Tsuyoshi, what would happen then? Tsuyoshi seemed to enjoy
watching Goro fall to pieces. Goro doubted Tsuyoshi actually wanted Goro to find out his
weaknesses. But what if he wanted an excuse to kill the people Goro cared about?
He couldn’t get them involved. This was Goro’s problem, nobody else’s.
“And if that fails, we might put a tracker on the potential victims,” Goro said, hoping the
poor audio quality phone would mask his lying voice. “Who knows, maybe the kidnapper
takes them to their house before throwing them inside the TV.”
“Fine.” Mitsuru sighed. “Speaking of the kidnapper, it’s been over a month since I left Inaba.
Have you gotten any closer to finding a place to stay yet?”
“I’m working on it.”
“Are you now?”
Now that Teddie was living with Yosuke, Goro bedding there was almost out of the question.
Yosuke’s parents might be hospitable to one new child. Goro wasn’t going to impose his
presence upon them as well.
Unfortunately, it meant Goro might have to ask one of the other members of the Investigation
Team to let him live at their house. The thought was mortifying.
“You gave me until the end of July,” Goro said defensively.
“Yes, and I had hoped you would have taken enough initiative and gotten a place well before
that point,” Mitsuru said. “This isn’t a homework assignment. This is your safety.”
Goro grit his teeth and breathed out through his nose. Mitsuru was right. And sleeping alone
in his room was getting harder and harder recently.
“I’m working on it,” Goro said weakly. “I just… give me another week.”
“I’m not going back on my word.” Mitsuru sounded exhausted. “You still have until the end
of July. Just, please, be careful.”

“I always am.”
“I’m serious.”
“So am I.” Goro swallowed. “How’s Shinjiro doing?”
Although Goro called Shinjiro frequently, Shinjiro wasn’t particularly open about his
condition. Goro never asked either. The prolonged coughing fits and occasionally weak voice
were enough to show that things weren’t improving.
The buzzing silence on the line made Goro feel sick to his stomach. “Worse,” Mitsuru said
shortly. “He’s still going about his day-to-day life, according to Akihiko. He enjoys your
calls.”
“He enjoys teaching seven-year-olds swear words, you mean,” Goro said, rolling his eyes.
“Take care, Mitsuru-san.”
“You too.”
Almost as soon as Goro hung up on Mitsuru, Goro received a call from Yosuke, of all people.
“What is it? Are we having another meeting?”
“Hello, Goro-kun!” Teddie’s voice said with far too much vigor. “Guess what we’re doing!”
“What.”
“We’re going to Kanji’s store!” Teddie was giddier than even Ryoji was over the concept of
shopping. “Kanji-kun said he’d teach me how to sew, so I can make myself plenty of stylish
clothing for the ladies!”
“The who now?”
“Goro-kun,” Teddie said. “Everybody knows that a young bearchelor like myself must seek
out only the most beautiful women in the town.”
“Teddie, your body is probably no more than a year older than I am,” Goro said. “I can
almost guarantee you that your idea of a beautiful woman is too old for you.’
“There are no age boundaries for love,” Teddie said dramatically.
“Did you get that from a soap opera?”
“It was neither an opera, and there was no soap in it,” Teddie said. “I saw it on the TV! There
was a lot of kissing. Did you know–”
“I don’t need to know,” Goro said. “Could you hand the phone to Yosuke, please?”
“Fine.” Teddie sighed.
“Yosuke speaking.”

“You need to start monitoring the shit Teddie’s consuming,” Goro said. “We don’t need him
turning into a pervert.”
“Yeah, I heard that too,” Yosuke said. The grimace in his tone was obvious. “Rise and Yu
have pulled him aside to talk about appropriate behavior.”
“Good.”
“Teddie’s ignorance aside, he really does want you to come with him to the textile shop,”
Yosuke said. “He’s actually trying to get everyone to come. Chie and Yukiko are busy during
their own thing, but the others are coming. Care to come over?”
“I might as well,” Goro said. He’d try to find a subtle way to ask someone other than Yosuke
to take him in. Hopefully it wouldn’t be as awkward as it sounded.

Goro arrived at the textile shop first. He supposed the others must have been held up
explaining the concept of respecting women to Teddie.
Kanji waited outside, looking somewhat restless. He waved at Goro.
“Hey, Akechi-kun,” Kanji said. “What brings you here?”
“I heard you’re teaching Teddie to sew,” Goro said. “Maybe I wanted to watch the show.”
Kanji rolled his eyes and snorted. “Ha ha. Don’t you have anything better to do?”
“Yes, actually.” Goro opened his mouth to explain his current living dilemma. The words
wouldn’t come out.
“Then, why are you here?”
“Well, I have a better thing to do here, to be precise,” Goro said. He forced down his pride.
Kanji would understand. Probably. They hadn’t even reached the second rank of their social
link, so Goro refused to be hopeful. “It’s a bit embarrassing, but I find myself in need of a
place to live.”
“A place to live?” Kanji furrowed his eyebrows. “But aren’t you staying at the Amagi Inn?
They didn’t kick you out, did they?”
“Of course not.” Goro shoved his hands into his pockets. “I’m sure you remember Kirijo-san.
She doesn’t want me living alone with a killer on the loose. I’m starting to agree with her.”
“Oh, gotcha,” Kanji said. He frowned and rested a hand on his hip. “Well, I think there’s a
spare futon I could pull out if you want to stay at our place. We could stick you in the spare
room we’re currently using as storage space. It’s nothing fancy, but it could do in a pinch.”
“I’m not trying to impose,” Goro said. He hadn’t expected Kanji to be so willing. He’d
imagined Yu or Yosuke trying to convince their guardians to let another child stay at their

house, which made Goro want to die of embarrassment preemptively.
“It’s not imposing,” Kanji said. “If you need a place to stay, then I’m happy to help. Then
again, maybe I should ask my ma about it first.”
“I think I’d like to get to know Tatsumi-san before making any decisions,” Goro said. He
knew next to nothing about Kanji’s mother, and he would like to be able to trust that his
potential host wasn’t exhibiting any obvious red flags.
“Got it.” Kanji nodded. “But the offer’s out there. Probably. Ma will probably be okay with
it.”
“Kanji!” Teddie, Rise, Yu, and Yosuke approached the two of them. Teddie was practically
skipping. Clearly, whatever serious conversation the others tried to have with him hadn’t
impacted him greatly. “I’m ready to shop for fabric.”
“Don’t get too excited,” Kanji said. “But I guess enthusiasm makes for a good student. That’s
what my ma always says, at least.”
“Enthusiasm makes for a good student,” Teddie repeated. He nodded. “Let’s do it, Kanjikun.”
Everyone filed into the textile shop. Kanji showed Teddie the fabrics he could choose from
while Goro and the others stood to the side and watched.
“Sorry that he insisted on inviting all of you,” Yosuke said. “I think he thought that it would
be a multiple person job.”
“Oh, he just likes an audience,” Rise said. “I can understand where he’s coming from.”
“Yosuke-kun!” Teddie called out. He held up two bolts that were each very similar shades of
blue. “Which do you like better?”
“Um… the lighter one, I guess.”
Teddie frowned and weighed the two of them in his hands. Ten minutes had already passed,
and Kanji already looked exhausted. Goro’s heart went out to him.
“I’m glad that Kanji is bringing his friends to boost the business,” Kanji’s mother said.
Tatsumi-san sat on her knees as she watched Kanji lecture Teddie on the importance of thread
colors. “And that he’s growing more comfortable in his hobbies.”
“Yeah,” Yu said.
“Sorry if Teddie’s causing a ruckus, Tatsumi-san,” Yosuke said. “He’s just really excited.”
“I don’t see any other customers here. Do you?” Tatsumi asked. “Besides, I’d hardly call a
healthy dose of enthusiasm a ruckus.”
“No?” Goro asked. “He’s certainly making a great deal of noise.”

Teddie was now eagerly pointing to a patterned fabric and declared he wanted to use it as
well.
“We’re just making a bag,” Kanji said. “You can’t buy every fabric in the store!”
“I’m sure Yosuke-kun has the funds,” Teddie said.
“No, I don’t!” Yosuke shouted immediately.
“Noise has nothing to do with it,” Tatsumi said in response to Goro’s question. “Your friend
is happy with my store, which makes me happy as well. A ruckus would be a customer who
only came to cause a scene.”
“I never thought about it that way,” Yu said.
“My Kanji makes a lot of noise, but he always means well,” Tatsumi said. She wore a fond
smile. “Even if he does forget himself sometimes.”
“You know him pretty well, don’t you?” Yosuke asked.
“What sort of question is that?” Tatsumi asked sharply. “I’m his mother. I’d like to believe I
know him best of all.”
“Children keep secrets from their parents,” Goro said.
“But parents often know when their children are keeping those secrets.” Tatsumi smiled. “It’s
hard to hide your intentions from someone who’s known you your entire life.”
Maybe it was. Goro wouldn’t know.
Teddie finally decided on his purchases. Kanji promised to actually teach him to sew another
day. Goro couldn’t blame him. The shopping portion had taken thirty minutes alone.
Yosuke paid for the materials. He, Teddie, Rise, and Yu left, bidding Kanji and Goro farewell.
Goro stayed behind.
“Um, Ma?” Kanji said. “Have you met Akechi-kun before?”
“I’ve met him today, if that’s what you’re asking,” Tatsumi said. She stood up and bowed. “It
is nice to officially meet you. My son has told me about you.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you as well, Tatsumi-san,” Goro said, bowing in return.
“He’s kind of in need of a place to live,” Kanji said. “His guardian is worried about him
living alone with all of these killings are going on.”
“And you offered my house without permission?” Tatsumi asked.
Kanji nodded. “Sorry. I wasn’t thinking.”

“Ah, well, we all say things without thinking sometimes,” Tatsumi sighed. “Fortunately, we
do have the spare room for it. And you seem like a very polite young man, Akechi-kun.”
“Thank you, ma’am,” Goro said. It was like an interview. Don’t stop smiling. Be polite.
Don’t say anything to piss off the person he’s trying to impress. “But you don’t have to feel
obligated.”
“It’s not my business to deny help to those who need it,” Tatsumi said. “Kanji doesn’t have
many friends. If he trusts you, I trust that you will not betray that trust.”
“I wouldn’t dream of it.”
“Is that a yes?” Kanji asked.
“Yes,” Tatsumi said. “Your friend may stay with us.”
“Great!” Kanji looked at Goro. “So, how about it? Do you still want time to decide?”
Well, Goro gave Tatsumi this: she certainly knew how to pretend to be a good parent. Her
behavior behind closed doors remained to be seen. As it was, however, Goro should take his
best hope of a safe place to stay while he could. The sooner he got out of his hotel room, the
better.
“I would.” Goro bowed deeply. “Thank you very much for your kindness.”

“Thou art I… and I am Thou
Thou hast established a new bond…

One that furthers thy voyage for redemption

Thou shalt be blessed when creating
Personas of the Hierophant Arcana…”

“Well then, it’s settled. I hope you are alright with giving us a few days to prepare for your
arrival,” Tatsumi said.
“I can wait,” Goro said.

Chapter End Notes

And that's all the social links! I love how all of you knew Naoto would be one.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 53: July 17–20, 2011
Chapter Summary

Goro gets parented
Akira gets Uncled

Chapter Notes

tw: ptsd, implied/referenced child abuse,

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Two days later, Goro was packing his suitcase all over again. He could not be more relieved
to leave his increasingly more haunted room behind. The only downside was that Goro would
have to experience his nightmares more quietly. He doubted the walls in Kanji’s house were
thick enough to block the occasional scream.
Goro took a deep breath. No. Now wasn’t the time to focus on hypotheticals.
Someone knocked on his door, and Goro jumped.
“It’s just me,” Kanji said. “To help with your fish.”
Tatsumi was fine with pets, provided Goro took care of them on his own. Goro was relieved
to tell her he only had a goldfish, and Taiyaki was so low maintenance that he wouldn’t be a
bother to anyone. Goro didn’t want to cause Tatsumi any more inconvenience than he already
had.
Goro let Kanji inside. Kanji crouched in front of the dresser and watched Taiyaki swim
around his castle.
“Nice goldfish,” Kanji said. “You might want to be careful. I hear there’s a ghost at the shrine
that eats red goldfish.”
First an intelligent fox and now a ghost. Why was Goro not surprised? “How can a ghost
eat?”
“Don’t ask me.” Kanji shrugged. “Yu said that a mysterious lady asked for red goldfish in the
middle of the night. Yukiko was the one who suggested she might be a ghost.”

“This town is so weird,” Goro muttered. He placed Ryoji’s scarf on top of his carefully folded
clothing.
“It really is,” Kanji agreed. “Do you need any help with packing?”
“I’m almost done.” Goro carefully placed his valuable belongings on top of his clothes and
zipped the suitcase shut.
“Hopefully I don’t accidentally kill this thing,” Kanji said. He picked up the tank. “It’s pretty
heavy.”
“We could always trade,” Goro said.
“Nah, I’m fine,” Kanji said. “That’s the nice thing about the TV world. You never skip arm
day.”
“Not when you use a folding chair as a weapon, no,” Goro said.
“It works, doesn’t it?”
“It’s a chair.”
Upon arriving at the Tatsumi residence, Kanji led Goro to the spare room. A futon was
already situated against the wall, and an extremely old television and DVD player sat on the
dresser. There was only one window, but since the room was on the ground floor, it would
make for an easy point of entry.
“Where should I place the little guy?” Kanji asked.
“The desk is fine,” Goro said. He tried to open the window, but the lock kept it firmly held in
place. Good.
Kanji placed the fishtank on the desk by the window and clapped his hands together. “Done,”
he said triumphantly. “Ma and I already made your bed for you, but I guess you could see
that for yourself, huh?”
“Yes,” Goro said. “It’s fortunate that there’s a television in here. I’d hate to have to cross over
to your room every time the Midnight Channel came on. Your mother might get suspicious.”
“That’s exactly what I was thinking!” Kanji grinned. He rested his hand on top of the
television. “I found this thing at a secondhand store, so it might not be great quality. But any
television can run the Midnight Channel, right?”
“And the DVD player?” Goro asked.
“In case you get bored,” Kanji said. “Consider it my welcome gift.”
“A place to stay was generous enough as it was,” Goro said. “You shouldn’t feel obligated to
give me anything.”

“Well, I was feeling nice,” Kanji said with a shrug.
Goro didn’t understand Kanji at all. He didn’t understand most people, come to think of it.
“Thank you,” Goro said. He busied himself with unpacking his suitcases. Kanji offered to
help. Goro handed him a stack of shirts and directed him to the dresser.
It didn’t take long to unpack. Goro never owned much to begin with.
“Looks like you’re all set,” Kanji said. “Fair warning, Ma believes in family dinners, but
she’s pretty understanding if you’re gone during the evenings. Just tell her where you are.”
“Right.”
“Cool.” Kanji awkwardly combed his hair back with his fingers. “Well, I’ll leave you alone
now. Feel free to call if you need anything. Oh, and the bathroom is just down the hall.”
Kanji left. The sound of the door opening and closing echoed from the front of the house. He
must have gone out. It was a Sunday, but Tatsumi was working in the shop. The rest of the
house was empty.
Goro sat down on his futon. The room smelled too clean. The sheets must have been freshly
washed, but the flowery scent was stronger than the linens in the Amagi Inn.
How long had it been since he lived in someone else’s home? Over two years? When Goro
lived in the dorms or the Inn, at least he was more or less in charge of himself. Now he had to
worry about someone else’s rules.
Why did Goro think this was a good idea? He moved into a place owned by someone who
was essentially a stranger. And for what? Because Mitsuru told him to? Because he was
scared of someone breaking into his room? Because he was afraid of dying alone?
Goro took a deep breath. This would be temporary. After they officially found the culprit,
Goro would find his own place to live. Or he would move back to Iwatodai and live in the
dorms with Ken again. At least Iwatodai was familiar.
But he would have to leave everyone in Inaba behind. What if Akira was put on probation
again because Goro wasn’t there?
Goro jumped to his feet and sat down at his new desk to study. He couldn’t think about this
right now. He had gotten used to plenty of new homes over the course of his lifetime. He
could get used to this one too.
Emperor Arcana: Rank 2

Dinner was nothing like the group dinners they had at the dorm, back when everyone still
lived in it. Laughter over an unheard joke didn’t ring from the other side of the table. Folding

chairs weren’t brought out for Ryoji, Chidori, or occasionally Emiko. Shinjiro didn’t insult
everyone’s cooking skills.
Goro, Kanji, and Tatsumi sat around a small square table and ate their meal in relative
silence. Goro had made sure to thank Tatsumi as soon as the food was on the table, and he sat
in the correct posture. In contrast, Kanji hunched over the table, holding his chopsticks so
haphazardly that he might as well be moments away from eating with his fingers.
“I saw you hanging out with your friends today, Kanji,” Tatsumi said. “What did you do?”
“Oh, nothing much,” Kanji said with his mouth full. He swallowed. “We mostly hung out.”
“And what did you do with your day, Akechi-kun?”
“I studied,” Goro said. Adults were often impressed by a child who invested time in their
studies. “Finals are coming up, and I want to be prepared.”
“I forgot that finals were so soon,” Tatsumi said. She sent a sharp look in Kanji’s direction. “I
hope you’re taking your studies as seriously as Akechi-kun is.”
Kanji swallowed and nodded. “Um, uh-huh. You worry too much.”
“Sometimes I wonder if I don’t worry enough.” Tatsumi’s expression was too mild for her to
be properly upset. “Just make sure you’re putting in your best effort.”
“I got it, I got it,” Kanji said.
Goro held his chopsticks so tightly they probably left an imprint on his fingers. He forced
himself to keep eating calmly.
When dinner was finally over, Goro immediately began to clear the table.
“You don’t have to do that, Goro-kun,” Tatsumi said. “You’re the guest here.”
As if that was how it worked.
“There must be some way I can earn my keep,” Goro said. He put the plate on the counter. “If
you don’t want me to do chores, perhaps I could offer you money instead? To pay for the
extra food and such.”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Tatsumi said. “You don’t need to pay anything. It’s just like I told
Kirijo-san: a child like yourself shouldn’t be living on their own anyhow.”
Mitsuru mentioned conferring with Tatsumi over the phone about the new living
arrangement. Goro should have known that she would have offered money to Tatsumi too.
Kanji was still in the room. Tatsumi probably didn’t want to make a fuss in front of him. Or
maybe Tatsumi expected him to know what he needed to do to make up for living there.

“I understand,” Goro said. “Would you like me to help with the shop instead? It can’t be easy
to run an entire store on your own.”
“I might occasionally have you go on an errand or two for me if I’m not feeling up to it,”
Tatsumi said. “But don’t feel obligated to help at the store every day. It’s very quiet when
your friends aren’t there. You’d almost certainly get bored.”
“I don’t mind boredom.”
“You’re very kind, but I’m quite capable of handling myself.” Tatsumi smiled. “You just
continue on with your life as it was before moving here.”
It was a trick. Or Goro was missing something. Regardless, arguing further was clearly not
going to get him anywhere.
“Of course.” Goro bowed. “Thank you again for your generosity, Tatsumi-san.”
“Please, don’t think anything of it, dear,” Tatsumi said. “You and Kanji can run along now. I
can take it from here.”
Goro bowed again and reluctantly left the kitchen. He itched to do something. If he only took
advantage of Tatsumi’s kindness, Tatsumi was sure to grow sick of him eventually.
The house was so well kept that there wasn’t anything obvious to do. Goro grabbed a blanket
off the ground and put it on a stack of identical looking blankets in a nearby closet. It was
such a minor task that Goro was sure it would go entirely unnoticed.
Some of the tension in his body drained away. Goro took a deep breath.
He’d go to the store tomorrow and buy some food that could stay in his room. He had to be
prepared for any situation.
He would be fine.
Hierophant Arcana: Rank 2

“Hey, Akechi-kun!” Akira ran up to Goro and started walking alongside him on their way to
school. Akira’s eyes gleamed. Goro couldn’t tell if it was a good thing or not. “Do you want
to do something fun on your last day of freedom?”
“What are you talking about?”
“Well, your exams are coming up, right?” Akira said. “They start tomorrow. We should do
something this afternoon.”
“They only last for a week.”

Akira rolled his eyes. “You’re ruining the dramatic effect,” he said. “Look.” He pulled two
tickets to the cinema from his pocket. “We should see a movie together. It’ll be fun.”
Goro was a little surprised. He hadn’t realized that his and Akira’s relationship had gotten far
enough along for Akira to feel brave enough to ask him to the movies. Then again, they had
known each other for nearly two months now. Maybe Goro wasn’t paying close enough
attention to realize.
“What movie is it?” Goro asked, taking one of the tickets. He peered down at the movie name
on the ticket. “The Cake Knight?”
“I know it sounds ridiculous,” Akira said. “But it’ll be fun.” Some of the old anxiety returned
to his expression. “You don’t have to come if you’re busy with something else, though.”
“No, I don’t think I am,” Goro said. “I didn’t realize there was a movie theater in Inaba.”
“There isn’t,” Akira said. “I have a ride to the city.”
“In that case, I would love to go to the movies with you,” Goro said. “Although I won’t get
my hopes up about the quality of the movie.”
“It might be funny,” Akira said.
“Or it might be absolutely ridiculous,” Goro countered. “I’m sure we’ll enjoy our time
together either way.”
Akira smiled and stopped at the fork in the road that led to the elementary school. It really
wasn’t very far from the middle school at all, although the high school was comparatively
much further. “Right. Well, I’ll meet you at the middle school like usual, okay?”
“It’s a plan.”

A shiny silver car waited by Yasogami Middle. Akira was standing next to it by the time
Goro stepped outside.
Goro was glad Akira’s parents were present enough in his life to drive them to the movies.
He’d been getting nervous.
“You got here awfully fast,” Goro said.
“He drove me here too,” Akira admitted. “Feel free to come in.”
Akira opened the car door and slipped inside the vehicle. The driver smiled at Goro.
“Hi there!” Tsuyoshi said, wearing a pair of sunglasses that somehow made him look more
like Akira’s older self. “Akechi-kun, was it?”

For a moment, Goro couldn’t move, his breath caught in his throat as he tried to figure out
what the hell was going on.
But Akira was looking at Goro expectantly, so he took a deep breath and entered the car.
There was a limit to how much Tsuyoshi could do with Akira there as a witness.
Unless, of course, he wanted to get into an “accident”. Goro buckled his seatbelt carefully.
“Are you Kurusu-kun’s father?” Goro asked Tsuyoshi. He wasn’t sure who he was trying to
fool.
“Nah, I’m just his uncle.”
“I thought you said your uncle was in the States,” Goro told Akira. He tightly grabbed the
glove still sitting in his pocket.
“I thought so too,” Akira said. “But he came to visit. Apparently, he’s staying in Japan for a
bit.”
“Home sweet home, right?” Tsuyoshi asked. “I heard Akira had finally gotten a friend, so I
thought I’d treat the two of you. I completely forgot about your exams, Akechi-kun. I hope
we’re not taking away from your precious study time.”
“You bought the movie tickets?” Goro asked.
“Yep. No need to thank me.” He glanced over his shoulder and winked. “Just doing what any
good uncle would do.”
Except Tsuyoshi was the embodiment of chaos and no way Akira’s real uncle, no matter what
Akira seemed to think.
“Of course.” Goro nodded. “When did you arrive to Japan?”
“About a week ago.”
“And where are you staying now? With Kurusu-kun?”
“Afraid not,” Tsuyoshi said. “My brother and I aren’t on the best of terms; he’d never allow
it. Besides, I have my own place.”
“In Inaba?”
“Close enough to it.”
Tsuyoshi pulled up in front of the movie theater. Goro shoved the door open and practically
fled the car. He refused to be trapped in a vehicle with Tsuyoshi.
“Call me when it’s time to be picked up,” Tsuyoshi said. “Have fun!”

Akira waved, looking happier than Goro had ever seen him in this timeline. Tsuyoshi drove
away, and Goro was able to breathe again.
“You have a good relationship with your uncle?” Goro asked, his heart still racing.
What the hell did Tsuyoshi want? was he suddenly inserting himself into Akira’s life? Was it
an attempt to gaslight Goro into thinking that he was harmless? If so, it was a pathetic
attempt. He’d seem less harmless if he threatened Goro less often.
Akira nodded. “He’s awesome,” he said as they walked to the ticket booth. “I honestly didn’t
think I’d see him again after he moved away, though. He and my father got into a really big
fight.”
“A fight?”
“I can’t really remember what it was about. He moved a few years ago.”
Was the real Kurusu Tsuyoshi was even still alive? Of course, with him being in the States,
there was no reason for this fake Tsuyoshi to kill him. Goro wouldn’t put it past him either.
There were too many unknowns. In the past, Goro could distract himself with Takaya, or
Tartarus, or trying to stop the end of the world. Where was the distraction now? Goro had no
idea who Tsuyoshi really was, apart from being a dangerous being bent on chaos. He had no
idea what Tsuyoshi wanted from Goro. The Investigation Team still hadn’t figured out who
the killer was, and there was no obvious individual pulling the strings from behind the
scenes.
Unless, of course, that individual was Tsuyoshi himself. It was worth investigating, but
something told Goro it was unlikely. The murder cases had occurred in Inaba in Goro’s old
life too. Tsuyoshi only seemed to be around to give Goro a migraine and the occasional
traumatic event.
Goro needed an outside perspective, but he didn’t trust he wouldn’t accidentally get them
killed. And Elizabeth wasn’t around to ask anymore.
“The movie’s going to start soon,” Goro said. His voice sounded distant to his own ears. “We
should step inside.”
“Right,” Akira said.
The movie itself was as ridiculous as he and Akira predicted it would be. A movie with the
title The Cake Knight should either be made for children or made as a comedy, preferably
both. This movie took itself so seriously that it was laughable.
Despite its laughable nature, Goro was stunned to find himself tensing at the end of the film.
He wasn’t sure if it was the cinematography, music, or just the fast-paced nature of the scene.
Maybe it was morbid curiosity.
It didn’t matter. By the time the movie had ended, Goro was left wondering what the hell he
had just watched. The only saving grace of the situation was that it had taken his mind off of

Tsuyoshi for a few hours.
“That was fun,” Akira said as they stepped out of the theater. “I’m not really sure what I just
watched, but it was fun.”
“I’m curious to know what the critics thought,” Goro said. The general composition of the
film was quite excellent. Even the actors did well. Goro just wasn’t sold on the story.
“Well, it’s going to take my uncle twenty minutes to get here,” Akira said, glancing at his
hpone. “Do you want to do something in the meantime?”
Twenty minutes, and Goro would be trapped in a car with Tsuyoshi again. Maybe Goro
would take the train. But Akira might ask questions. Besides, Goro wasn’t sure that he trusted
Tsuyoshi alone with Akira either.
“Would you like to grab a bite to eat?” Goro asked. A Chagall Cafe sat about a block away
from the theater. “Or a coffee?”
“Sure.”
As much as Goro hated Chagall coffee, he was curious to see if different restaurants served
varying quality coffee. Maybe Iwatodai’s location just had extremely bad brewers.
Maybe Goro could poison Tsuyoshi with it.
“Should we order your uncle coffee?” Goro asked as they were approached by a waiter. Goro
didn’t actually have any poison on him, but maybe if he were to spot any…
No. Akira would be traumatized. Goro couldn’t do that to him, even to kill someone he hated.
Not anymore.
“That’s a good idea,” Akira said. “Three black coffees please. One of them to go.”
When they finally received their coffee, Goro decided that disgusting coffee was the Chagall
chain’s problem. He was extremely disappointed. The local coffee shop at Inaba would have
his business for the rest of his time staying there.
“That movie made me hungry for sweets,” Akira said. “But I don’t know how to bake. Do
you?”
“As a matter of fact, I do.”
“Really?” Akira smiled. “Maybe you should come over to my house and we can make
something.”
“Maybe we should.” Akira had barely taken a sip out of his mug. “Do you not like the
coffee?” Not that Goro blamed him.
Akira frowned at his mug. “It was a little strong.”

“You don’t have to finish it,” Goro said. “I won’t be offended.”
“But you’re paying for it.”
“Exactly. It’s my money, and I can choose what to not be offended over. Don’t force yourself
to drink the garbage coffee.”
Akira looked Goro in the eye and downed the entire thing in one go. Goro watched in awe as
Akira slammed his mug down on the table.
“It’s still better than the coffee I make at home,” Akira said, surely out of stubbornness. There
was no way Akira managed to make coffee worse than this. Not when he became such a
clever brewer under Sakura-san’s guidance.
“My heart goes out to you. Please learn how to make better coffee.”
“Maybe I’ll bring you some one morning.”
“I will sync my walking schedule to make it so that we never cross paths, even if you go to
the middle school library before school starts.”
“I’ll place the coffee on your desk.”
“I’ll throw it away.”
“Maybe I’ll put it in your water bottle–” Akira’s phone rang. Akira pulled it from his pocket
with an apologetic grimace. “Yes? Oh yeah. We’ll be right there.”
“Is it Kurusu-san?” Goro asked.
Akira nodded.
Tsuyoshi was leaning against the side of his car as the two of them stepped out of the cafe.
He smiled at the both of them.
“Is that a cup of coffee I see in my favorite nephew’s hand?”
“We bought one for you,” Akira said.
Tsuyoshi took the cup and instantly sipped it. “It’s not exactly a summer delicacy in this heat,
but it tastes delicious.”
He was even immune to crappy coffee. Fabulous.
“Does the heat bother you, Kurusu-san?” Goro asked.
“Not as much as some people.” Tsuyoshi smiled widely. His teeth glinted almost as much as
his car. “Doesn’t mean I can’t feel it. Let’s get into the air conditioning, yeah?”
The ride back to Inaba was mostly uneventful. Tsuyoshi asked Akira about the movie. Akira
answered. Tsuyoshi asked Goro about the movie. Goro answered. Goro and Akira briefly

discussed their different classes. Tsuyoshi hummed to the tune of the radio as they pulled into
Inaba.
“Where should I drop you off, Akechi-kun?” Tsuyoshi asked.
Nice try. If by some miracle Tsuyoshi didn’t know where Goro lived, Goro was not about to
hand him his address.
“Actually, Akira and I thought we might bake cupcakes together,” Goro said. “If that’s quite
alright with you. The movie inspired him.”
“Oh, right,” Akira said. “You can just drop the both of us off at my house.”
“Maybe I should stay and keep an eye on you boys.”
“That’s really not necessary,” Akira said. “Thank you, though.”
“Well, I’m not your father,” Tsuyoshi said. It only took him a few minutes to park in front of
Akira’s house. “Don’t do anything stupid.”
“We won’t,” Akira said.
Goro unbuckled his seatbelt, but Tsuyoshi held out a hand behind him. “I’d like to speak with
you for a moment, Akechi-kun. In private.”
Akira had already stepped out of the car and shut the door behind him. He gave Goro a
questioning look through the window.
Goro swallowed down the lump of anxiety that formed in his throat. “I’ll be out in a minute.”
Akira frowned but nodded. Goro glared at Tsuyoshi.
“It’s unlike you to threaten me twice in the same month,” he said. “What’s gotten you so
anxious?”
“I don’t just threaten, you know,” Tsuyoshi said. “Remember that time I almost got your
friend killed by your old pal Takaya? Or that time I helped that same old pal kidnap you?”
Goro grit his teeth. “What do you want?”
“Did you like my gift?”
“I stole from you.”
“And I was prepared.” Tsuyoshi smiled. “So? What did you think of the phone number? Who
knows what sort of shit that man is getting up to while you’re so worried about little old me?”
If Goro was reminded one more time of Shido’s rise to power, he was going to scream.
“Why are you here?”

“Murders are kind of fun–”
“Why are you here?!” Goro snapped. “Why have you inserted yourself in Kurusu’s life like
it’s some sort of game of make-believe–”
“Oh, but it’s not make-believe,” Tsuyoshi said. “Not for your friend standing over there. This
is all very real for him. I wonder how betrayed he would feel if I told your old man he had a
way to kill people without even touching them.”
A visceral image of Akira being forced to sell his soul to Shido nearly knocked Goro over
sideways. Akira in the cognitive world, killing Wakaba Ishiiki’s shadow. Akira trapped
behind a bulkhead door, doomed to suffer Goro’s fate.
Akira still stood outside. Goro couldn’t attack his uncle. He had to stay outwardly calm, even
though Goro wanted nothing more than to strangle the smirking face in front of him.
“Why?” Goro asked.
“I’m sure I’d get paid well for giving one of the future most powerful men in Japan his very
own weapon–”
“You know that’s not what I was asking.” Goro grit his teeth. “Why the hell are you doing
this?”
“Because it’s fun,” Tsuyoshi said. “Not everything has to be about you, you know. But I’m
just messing with you. A healthy dose of fear never killed anyone, did it?”
“I think it has–”
“Never.” Tsuyoshi nodded to himself. “Now, be a good little kid and go have a playdate with
my nephew. While you’re busy having fun, your father and a thousand other evil people will
continue to destroy lives. Isn’t that nice?”
“Amazing,” Goro snarled. He stormed out of the car and slammed the door shut behind him.
Akira jogged up to him. “What did he say?”
Goro took a deep breath and let his scowl fade into a smile. “Oh, it was nothing. Just a
warning that he wouldn’t tolerate any fake friends around his nephew.”
“Oh.” Akira didn’t look worried. “Sorry about him.”
“It’s quite alright,” Goro said. They walked toward the house. “Your parents won’t mind if
we make a mess of their kitchen, do they?”
“They’re not home,” Akira said. “Work.”
“They won’t be back in the evening?” Goro asked. He checked the lock on his phone. “It’s
already getting late.”

“They work hard,” Akira said vaguely.
Tsuyoshi didn’t need to remind Goro of how sickening the world was. He hoped Akira’s
parents weren’t about to remind him either.
Priestess Arcana: Rank 3

Goro returned to the Tatsumi residence with a plastic container full of cupcakes. Too many
cupcakes. Akira might have gone a little overboard with the ingredients.
“I’m sorry, Tatsumi-san,” Goro said. He guiltily handed her the box of cupcakes. “My friend
and I were baking, and I couldn’t leave him with the entire batch. He would have made
himself sick.”
“Not to worry, dear,” Tatsumi said. She smiled. “I’m sure Kanji will burn through them
during exams. He’s a bit of a nervous eater.”
“What was that, Ma?!” Kanji shouted from his room. Goro stomach clenched. “You’re not
saying anything bad about me, are you?!”
“Oh, it’s nothing!” Tatsumi handed the box of cupcakes back to Goro. “You can go ahead and
put them in the pantry. And when you’re done, could you help me set the table?”
Goro nodded and bowed, relieved to be given a task. “Of course, Tatsumi-san.”

Final exams were one of the things that Goro had not missed while repeating his elementary
school years. The stifling quiet and scratching of pencils against paper that filled the room for
hours on end was nothing to be fond of. The only mercy was that Goro was so familiar with
most of the material that it wasn’t very difficult.
The afternoon after the exams, Akira met him outside the school as usual. Goro let out a
small breath of exhaustion.
“How was it?” Akira asked.
“Fine,” Goro said. “Exhausting, but that’s nothing new.”
Akira pursed his lips as they walked past a group of students comparing their answers. The
most confident looking student stated their answer. A collection of miserable groans chorused
behind Goro and Akira.
“Isn’t this your first time doing final exams?” Akira asked.
Goro could kick himself. “I had midterms in May, so I had a taste of what it would be like
then.”

“Oh.” Akira nodded. “That makes sense. My uncle says that he would almost fall asleep
during finals a lot of the time.”
“I can’t imagine you’ll be doing that next year,” Goro said.
“No,” Akira said. He looked away. “Are they hard?”
Goro really couldn’t be a good judge of what made a hard exam for middle schoolers. He
tried to remember his first final exam experience, but he had been taking studying about as
seriously as Akira was now. Between prioritizing his studies and staying alive, he’d had little
time for anything else. Exams hadn’t been too difficult.
It was why he had no friends before he met Akira.
But Akira was going to another school’s library just to extend his studies. Goro doubted that
he would have any more difficulty than Goro did.
“It’s challenging, but I’m sure you will be fine,” Goro said. “Just focus on the present for
now.”
“You sound like an adult,” Akira muttered.
“Sorry.”
“Well, it is kind of cool,” Akira conceded.
Akira’s house was only a few yards away. Goro slowed down and looked around for
Tsuyoshi’s car. The obnoxious silver shine was nowhere in sight.
“What’s wrong?” Akira asked.
“I thought I heard something,” Goro lied. “Don’t worry about it.”
“You don’t think the killer would come for anyone in broad daylight, do you?” Akira asked.
“You said you were taken at night.”
“I was,” Goro said. “I guess I’m just a little skittish, that’s all.”
“It’s not skittish,” Akira said. “I’d probably be scared too.” He glanced at his house. “If you
want, I could walk with you to your place.”
“That’s not necessary,” Goro said. He was still absurdly concerned that Tsuyoshi somehow
didn’t already know where he lived. He didn’t need Akira telling him. “I can handle myself.”
Akira’s expression closed off. “Right.”

Chapter End Notes

Okay y'all i dont think i have anything super important to say so I'm going to dive
straight into the social link update because i completely forgot last chapter:
Fool (0) - Kurusu Tsuyoshi (?) - Rank 8
Jester (0) - Tohru Adachi - Rank: 5
Magician (I)- Hanamura Yosuke - Rank 2
Priestess (II) - Kurusu Akira - Rank 3
Empress (III) - Kirijo Mitsuru - RANK MAX
Emperor (IV) - Tatsumi Kanji - Rank 2
Hierophant (V) - Tatsumi Azumi - Rank 2
Lovers (VI) - Mochizuki Ryoji - RANK MAX
Chariot (VII) - Dojima Ryotaro - Rank 3
Justice (VIII) - Amada Ken - RANK MAX
Hermit (IX) - Sakaki Takaya - RANK MAX
Fortune (X) - Shirogane Naoto - Rank 1
Strength (XI) - Yamamoto Emiko - RANK MAX
Hanged Man (XII) - Kirijo Takeharu - Rank 6
Death (XIII) - Arisato Minato - RANK MAX
Temperance (XIV) - Iori Junpei - RANK MAX
Devil (XV) - Ikutsuki Shuji - Rank MAX
Tower (XVI) - Shido Masayoshi - Rank 5
Star (XVII) - Narukami Yu - Rank 2
Moon (XVIII) - Aragaki Shinjiro - RANK MAX
Sun (XIX) - Dojima Nanako - Rank: 1
Aeon (XX) - Teddie - Rank 1
Judgement (XX) - Velvet Room Attendants - Rank 5
It'd be hilarious if one of these is inaccurate but im in a hurry so yeah. (Edit: yes, i did
leave the chapter title unfinished. Yes it was an accident ;-;)
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 54: July 20–23, 2011
Chapter Summary

Goro is really struggling to comprehend good parenting guys
Oh look some plot

Chapter Notes

tw: panic attacks, ptsd, implied/referenced child abuse, some light violence

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The textile shop was quiet without Teddie gasping and praising every bolt of cloth. Tatsumi
was kneeling on a mat. She smiled when Goro entered.
“Hello, Akechi-kun,” she said. “How was your first day of exams?”
“They were fine, Tatsumi-san.” Goro bowed. “I thought I would help out at the store as
thanks for your kindness.”
“Oh, we’ve already discussed this,” Tatsumi said. “You are under no such obligations.”
“I understand.” Goro’s smile felt more strained. “I want to help. It will take my mind off of
exams.” He needed to start chipping away at the huge amount of debt that was stacked up
against him.
“Well, in that case, I won’t say no to a little bit of help. Perhaps you would like to organize
the back? Kanji isn’t exactly an organized individual, and I’m afraid to admit that too much
labor at once is bad for my back.”
Air entered Goro’s lungs more freely. “I would be glad to.”
Goro stepped into the back room and began organizing the boxes of cloth and thread. There
were a few pieces of clothing as well that he put in their respective boxes and shelves. It
wasn’t what he would call particularly easy work. A few shelves were too high for him to
reach on his own, and he had to grab a stepstool to reach them. By the time he was half-way
through organizing the clutter, a layer of sweat had formed on his brow.
The door slid open behind him. Goro froze when Tatsumi stepped inside the room. Her
humming was too difficult to read. Had he screwed something up?

“Is something the matter, Tatsumi-san?” Goro asked. He put down the box he was holding
and turned to face her. She smiled, which was probably a good sign.
“I was wondering what was taking you so long when you didn’t come out after thirty
minutes,” Tatsumi said. “I suppose I was silly to think you would give up like Kanji.”
“You gave me a job,” Goro said. “I want to perform it adequately.”
“Well, you’ve done more than adequate,” Tatsumi said. “I think I can handle the store on my
own for the rest of the day.”
Goro must have screwed up. Why else would she be kicking him out? “If there’s something I
did wrong, I can fix it.”
“You didn’t do anything wrong.” Tatsumi’s voice was sharper as she shook her head. “Young
boys like you shouldn’t spend all of their time cooped up in storage rooms. You should be
spending time with friends, or, better yet, getting your rest. You have a full day of exams
ahead of you tomorrow.”
“Doing work won’t affect that.”
“Rest is extremely important,” Tatsumi said. She picked up the box in front of Goro and
placed it on a nearby shelf. “I’m not completely helpless, you know.”
“I didn’t mean to imply that you were.”
The wrinkles around Tatsumi’s eyes crinkled at that statement. “I know you didn’t.”

On the second to last day of exams, Goro finally found the emotional energy to go to the
Velvet Room. Rain was drenching everything in sight, but Goro thought that Marie deserved
to get a little wet. And Theodore would probably be thrilled to see water coming down from
the sky.
“Welcome,” Margaret said upon Goro’s arrival. “What brings you here?”
“I thought I would borrow the three of you,” Goro said. “Unless I’m not worth your time.
Marie wants fresh air, and it’s been a long time since I’ve spoken with Theodore.”
“I doubt I’d be welcome,” Margaret said politely. Goro wasn’t in the mood to force her.
Marie was clearly doubtful at best over the excursion. Theo was thrilled.
“It’s been so long since I’ve gone out to see the outside world with you, Goro-kun,” he said
as they stepped outside the Velvet Room. As Goro predicted, Theodore looked up at the sky
with a mixture of shock and awe. “Where is all this coming from? Could it be that there is a
giant shower?”

“Of course not,” Marie snapped, holding her hands over her head. “It’s rain. It comes from
the clouds, or something. Why did you decide to take us outside on such a terrible day?”
“Because I felt like it,” Goro said. “I don’t mind getting a little wet, so you can have my
umbrella.”
Marie took the umbrella and glowered.
“How do the clouds make the rain?” Theodore asked.
“The water goes into the air in the heat,” Goro explained concisely. “The water makes clouds.
The water falls from the clouds to make rain.”
“Amazing,” Theodore whispered.
“It’s just water,” Marie said. She looked up at the water droplets gathering on top of Goro’s
umbrella. “Why is your umbrella see-through?”
“Because that’s how the company designed it,” Goro said. He was already soaking wet.
“Maybe we should decide on an indoor location to spend time with each other.”
“You didn’t come up with a decision yourself?” Theodore asked.
“I thought I’d let Marie decide,” Goro said. “She’s seen less of the outside world than you
have, and part of the reason for this excursion is because I’m hoping she’ll learn to get along
with you better.”
Marie scoffed. “Good luck.”
“I suppose that’s fair,” Theodore said. His frown indicated he did not trust Marie to make a
good decision.
“Why are you asking me?” Marie demanded. “I’m not an expert on this place.”
“You could point to a store in the shopping district for all I care,” Goro said.
Marie rolled her eyes and uncrossed her arms. “Fine. Um… there.”
Marie pointed to Aiya. Goro had yet to try their famous beef bowls, although Yu and Yosuke
highly recommended them. Especially on rainy days, apparently.
Well, no time like the present.
They entered Aiya and sat down at one of the tables. The owner asked if they would like to
try their Rainy Day Special Mega Beef Bowl Challenge, which Goro refused. If it was
anything like the Big Bang Burger Challenge Akira delighted in, Goro was not interested in
getting sick to his stomach.
“Rainy Day Special Mega Beef Bowl challenge?” Marie asked.

“That’s right,” the owner said. “If you manage to finish the entire thing, we have a reward for
you.”
“What kind of reward?” asked Theodore.
“That’s top secret.”
“Alright, then.” A determined gleam appeared in Marie’s eyes. “I’ll do it.”
“I as well.”
“I’ll just have a regular,” Goro said.
About fifteen minutes later, the owner brought out two absolutely massive beef bowls. The
bowl itself was about the size of Marie’s head, and the beef looked like it was about to spill
over the side of the bowl.
“Wow,” Marie said as the owner placed one of the bowls down in front of her. “This is a lot
bigger than those beef croquettes.”
“It looks delicious,” Theo told the owner. “You have my thanks.”
The owner smiled. “Good luck!”
Goro received his beef bowl, which was probably a third of the size of the rainy day beef
bowls. Marie and Theodore were already digging into their food, looking completely
unbothered by the absolute mountain of beef and rice. Goro began to eat his own food and
tried not to lose his appetite at the sight in front of him.
“This is pretty good,” Marie said with her mouth full. “Why did you get such a small portion,
Akechi-kun?”
“Because I don’t want to make myself sick,” Goro said.
Theo swallowed before asking, “How could such a delicious meal possibly make anyone
sick?”
Goro didn’t respond.
It took ten minutes for Goro to reach the bottom of his beef bowl. He scooped up the last of
his rice with his chopsticks as Theodore sighed contentedly. Goro looked up to see that
Theodore seemingly finished his bowl and was now leaning back in his seat.
“That was extremely delicious.”
“No fair!” Marie said. She shoved a massive amount of rice into her mouth, swallowed, and
leaned over the table. “I was almost done!”
“You fought valiantly,” Theodore said. “My mouth was bigger than yours.”

“Now you’re going to get the prize and I’m going to come home with nothing.” Marie
crossed her arms.
“You both finished it?” Goro stood up and looked into their bowls. Not even a grain of rice
remained at the bottom. “How are you not throwing up?”
“Is that a tradition here?” Marie asked. She picked up the bowl. “I thought glass broke if you
threw it.”
“No, no, wait!” Goro grabbed the bowl and placed it back down. “How is your body not
regurgitating the food you just ate?”
“Ew, is that a thing you humans do?”
“Only if we eat a massive amount of food like this,” Goro said.
“I guess we’re just built different.”
Goro already knew that, but somehow he hadn’t expected that to extend to their digestive
systems. Did they even have digestive systems?
“I can see why that much food might explode out of you, Goro-kun,” Theodore said. “You
are smaller than the both of us.”
“That’s completely beside my point.”
The owner was about as stunned as Goro to see two empty beef bowls. “I can’t believe it!” he
said. “Never in all my years have two people won the challenge in the same day!”
“Two winners?” Marie asked. “But that’s not how it works.”
“It was not a race to see who would finish first?” Theodore asked.
“It was only a competition against the beef bowl,” the owner said. “Perhaps I should make a
new challenge if this one was too easy for you.”
“If we both win, do we both get a prize?” The old shine had returned to Marie’s eyes.
“Yes, yes, because you win, you don’t have to pay for the bowl! Congratulations!”
“Really?” Theodore asked. “How delightful!”
“Oh,” Marie said. “That’s it?”
“Thank you so much,” Goro said, mortified by both Marie’s comment and the shocked
expression on the owner’s face.
After Goro paid for his own bowl, he dragged Marie and Thedore out of the restaurant. He
couldn’t decide if he was impressed by how quickly they ate their food, or embarrassed by
Marie’s horribly rude response.

It was still pouring when they stepped outside, and Goro was still damp from being in the
rain earlier.
“You can have this back,” Marie said before they stepped out from under the restaurant’s
tarp. She handed the umbrella to Goro. “If beef can make humans sick, water probably can
too.”
“It’s not technically the water but the cold that weakens the immune system,” Goro said. “But
thank you.”
“Huh.” Marie shrugged. “Weird.” They stepped outside. Marie still stood close to Goro to get
under some of the umbrella. “Also, Theodore?”
“Yes?”
“You did good back there,” Marie said. “You would have earned that boring prize if we were
actually competing against each other.”
“You did well yourself, Marie-chan,” Theodore said.
“Maybe we can consider it a tie.”
Goro frowned. “You just said–” Marie shushed him.
Marie entered the Velvet Room first, eager to get out of the rain. Goro held Theodore back.
“I didn’t just invite you out to encourage cooperation between attendants,” Goro said. “I
wanted to ask about that ‘powerful being’ Elizabeth said had it out for me. Does he have any
weaknesses?”
Theodore frowned. “That’s classified–”
“I’m not asking you to kill him for me, alright?” Goro snapped. “Give me something to work
with here, or someone might seriously get hurt.”
“Right.” Theodore deflated. “Well… I know that the only times he has been defeated is when
personas were involved.”
“So we have to fight him in the cognitive world,” Goro said. “Fantastic.”
“I’m sorry that I cannot be of more help. I was not really around when it happened.”
Theodore reached into his pocket and handed Goro the three thousand yen he didn’t spend on
his beef bowl. “Perhaps this will make you feel better.”
Goro looked at the money. “I’ll order beef for him?”
“Maybe buy a friend some food like you did today. After all, the only way you will persevere
against evil is through your bonds,” Theodore said. “You might have forgotten this, but you
are currently still my guest. I’m sure you’re sick of hearing this from my master, but your
social links are the only way you can win your own rainy day challenges.”

“I know you were trying to be inspirational, but that sounded ridiculous.”
“It doesn’t make it any less true,” Theodore said with a small smile. “Take care of yourself,
Goro.”
“Say hi to Elizabeth for me.”
“I will.”
Judgement Arcana: Rank 6

“What happened to you?” Kanji asked as Goro stepped into the house. He was sprawled on
the couch, holding a textbook. Goro checked the floor to make sure he wasn’t dripping water
everywhere. Fortunately, he wasn’t quite wet enough for that.
“I had to give a friend an umbrella,” Goro said. “I got a little wet in the process.”
“That’s one word for it,” Kanji said. “You look like a wet kitten.”
An image of Morgana soaking wet appeared in Goro’s mind. He pushed it away immediately.
“I find that joke offensive.”
“Sure.”
“Ah, Akechi-kun, did you have a good day?” Tatsumi asked, entering the living room from
the hall. She frowned in the same way Kanji did. “Did you get caught in the rain without an
umbrella?”
“Something like that,” Goro said.
“He had to give it to a friend or something,” Kanji said. “Aren’t you meant to be at the
store?”
Goro deeply wanted to know what inspired Kanji to be so blatantly disrespectful. He held his
breath and waited for Tatsumi’s inevitable sharp remark.
“I got back a few minutes ago,” Tatsumi said. “You were just paying too much attention to
your studies when I greeted you.”
“Huh.”
“Akechi-kun, change your clothes before you catch a cold,” Tatsumi said. “You look like a
wet kitten.”
Kanji nodded emphatically. “That’s what I said!”
Goro was beginning to see the family resemblance.

The next day was the final day of exams, and Yu suggested they meet at Yosuke’s house to
discuss the case. Goro hadn’t realized there was anything new to discuss, but he joined the
others in Yosuke’s room all the same.
“Are you alright, Akechi-kun?” Chie asked.
Goro sneezed and nodded. “I’m fine,” he said.
“Idiot walked around in the rain yesterday,” Kanji said. “I guess he got a cold after all.”
“It’s weird to think of getting a cold in the middle of the summer,” Yukiko said.
“It’s not that bad of a cold,” Goro said. “It might not even be related to the rain. I’m fine.”
“Sure,” Kanji said.
Yosuke and Yu burst into the room. Yosuke wore a harried expression when he said, “Guess
what Adachi just accidentally told Yu.”
“What?” Chie asked as Yosuke and Yu sat down at the table. “Did they catch their suspect?”
Yu shook his head. “The suspect is missing.”
“What?” Rise asked. “How?”
“Maybe he decided to run away when he realized the police were onto him,” Chie said.
“We should chase him down,” Rise said furiously. “Isn’t that right, Senpai?”
“I don’t know if that’s necessary,” Yosuke said. “They probably already have a search
warrant on the guy.”
“Assuming he really did run away,” Yu said. “You know, through non-supernatural means.”
“You can’t really be suggesting that he’s in the TV,” Yukiko said. “Why would he do that?”
“It depends,” Goro said. “If this suspect really is the original killer, which I still find unlikely,
it’s not a stretch to assume he might take refuge in the TV world. If, on the other hand, he’s
just a copycat, he might not have any affiliation with the TV world at all. He might have run
away through completely ordinary means.”
“But if he is in the TV world, does that mean he’s the real killer?” Rise asked.
“Unless the real killer just didn’t like someone mimicking his work and decided to deal with
him,” Yu pointed out.
“This is making my head hurt,” Kanji said, putting his head in his hands. “Why can’t it be
simple? We find the killer, we stop the killer, no more killings. Easy.”
“I think if it were that easy, the police or that Shirogane kid would have figured it out by
now,” Yosuke said.

“We’ll get the real guy soon,” Chie promised. “And then I’ll slap him across the face!”
Yukiko giggled. “Actually, Chie, I have first dibs on that.”
“We’re doing dibs?” Kanji asked.
“Don’t worry,” Yosuke said. “You have second dibs, and I was going to have third dibs, but
now that Rise and Akechi are on the team, I guess the order has to change again.”
“What, do we slap the killer based on the order of kidnappings?” Rise asked. She pouted.
“That puts me in fourth.”
“That’s alright,” Goro said, feeling simultaneously amused and exhausted by the banter. “I
think I might skip the petty slapping.”
“It’s not petty,” Yukiko said with a cold glare. “It’s penance.”
Everyone in the room shivered.
“Alright, fine. Rise can be third. Can’t I at least be the fourth?” Chie asked.
“I was going to be the fourth,” Yosuke protested.
“Aren’t you a little worried you’re going to knock him unconscious?” Yu asked.
“He’d deserve it,” Goro said.
“He really would,” Yosuke agreed. He stood up. “But enough goofing off. We should make
sure our maybe-killer isn’t in the TV.”

They went to the Junes food court before going to the electronics section. Teddie was in his
mascot costume, holding a bunch of balloons. A few small children gathered around him, and
Teddie handed a balloon to each of them.
“Wow, he’s really taken this mascot thing into stride,” Chie said.
“It’s in exchange for him living at my place,” Yosuke said. “He’s a hit with the kids.”
“Did you hear that, Teddie?” Rise asked, jogging a few paces forward. “You’re a star!”
“Rise-chan!” Teddie cheered. He let go of the balloons in his excitement. Chie leapt forward
and grabbed them before they floated into the blue abyss.
“Watch it, Teddie!” Yosuke snapped. “Balloons aren’t free, you know.”
“Sorry, Yosuke-kun.” Teddie took the balloons from Chie apologetically. “I almost forgot I
was holding them; I was so surprised to see you here.”

“We’re going to the electronics department,” Yu said. “We have something we want to
investigate.”
“Do you think balloons would be effective weapons against shadows?” Teddie asked.
“Oh, maybe it would be like a wind attack,” Kanji said. “Because they’re full of air, right? Or
maybe it would be another attack entirely.”
“Maybe it would just float away from the shadow and be completely useless,” Goro said.
“That’s no attitude to have toward potential tools,” Rise said. “Maybe it will make the
shadow so happy that it won’t want to attack us anymore. Ever think about that?”
“Shadows only surrender when you’ve beaten them hard enough,” Goro said.
“Well, that’s often true of real people too,” Kanji said. “Like those biker gangs I dealt with.”
“Biker gangs?” Teddie asked. “Is that a club for people who can ride bikes?”
Yukiko snorted. “Um, I don’t think that’s it.”
“I want to join a biking club!” Teddie waved his balloons into Yosuke’s face. They bounced
off each other non-menacingly. “How do I join this biking club?”
“Well, you need a bike,” Yu said.
“Stop encouraging him!” Yosuke snapped. “Teddie, a biker gang isn’t a biking club–”
“Goro-kun, do you have a bike I could borrow?”
Goro frowned. Why was Teddie asking him of all people? “Do I look like I have a bike?”
“Well, I suppose not,” Teddie said sadly.
Yosuke sighed. “Look, Ted, I have a bike in my garage. But you’re not joining a biker gang!”
“Yay!” Teddie looked up at Goro hopefully. “It’s all right that you don’t have a bike. Maybe
you could teach me how to ride one instead.”
Goro hadn’t ridden a bike in years. He also wasn’t sure why Teddie was so insistent on Goro
being a part of this process.
Theodore had said he should be focusing on his social links more.
“Fine,” Goro said. How hard could teaching Teddie be anyway?
“Great, we’ve sorted that out,” Yosuke said. “Can we please go to the TV world now?”
Teddie did end up bringing his balloons into the TV world with him. They didn’t react in any
way to the environment.

“Can you smell anything, Ted?” Kanji asked.
“Well, someone is definitely here…” Teddie said. “But that’s all I can figure out.”
Rise summoned her persona and clasped her hands together. She looked almost like Fuuka
used to back when she would scan Iwatodai for powerful shadows. A strange pang of
homesickness struck Goro, and he tried his best to ignore it.
“Do you sense anything, Rise-chan?” Yukiko asked.
Rise’s face twisted before she released her persona and exhaled. “It’s no good,” she said. “We
just don’t know enough about this guy. We don’t even know what he looks like!”
“I guess it was too much to hope that you’d be able to pinpoint his location this early on,”
Yosuke said disappointedly.
“What are we going to do, then?” Chie asked.
“There’s only one thing to do,” Kanji said. “We’ll find out more about him. We found out
about Akechi-kun, didn’t we?”
“Yeah, but we had his name,” Yosuke said. “Not to mention we had an idea of who to start
asking. This could be any highschooler for all we know.”
“We could ask Shirogane,” Goro said.
“You mean that detective kid?” Yu asked. “Do you really think he’d help us out?”
“Not really,” Goro admitted. “But he’s also frustrated with the police at the moment. It’s not
impossible that he’d be willing to help us, although he’d probably ask for more details.”
“We can’t tell him about the TV world, can we?” Rise asked.
“No, I don’t think that’s the best idea,” Yosuke said. “Let’s see if we can’t find out on our
own, first. Hell, maybe the midnight channel will give us some answers.”
“Sorry that we aren’t more useful,” Rise said. “I can keep looking, if you’d like.”
“There’s no point in straining yourself,” Yu said. “We should go back.”
“I can try!” Teddie exclaimed.
“You’re technically still meant to be handing out those balloons,” Yosuke said. “They’re a big
hit with the kids.”
“That’s true,” Teddie said. “And my nose hasn’t been all that useful recently anyway.”
Goro sneezed.
“Aw, is Akechi-kun’s nose bothering him too?” Rise asked playfully.

Goro glowered. “Would you like to die?”

“Now that exams are over, we should do something to celebrate,” Kanji said when they
returned to the Tatsumi residence.
“A murder suspect is currently hiding in the TV world,” Goro said.
“We’ve asked all over town and found nothing.” Kanji sighed and flopped onto the sofa. “We
should be able to relax every now and then, right?”
“Relax all you’d like,” Goro said.
He paced around the sofa. Now that exams were over, maybe Tatsumi would like him to
work more at the store. Then again, she seemed very insistent that Goro not spend all his time
there. How else was he meant to pay off his debt?
“Dude, you’re thinking so hard that you’re giving me a headache,” Kanji said. “What’s on
your mind?”
“How would your mother react if I made dinner?” Goro asked.
“If you made dinner… I mean, I’m sure she’d be thrilled, but what’s going on?”
“It’s nothing,” Goro said. “I just think that she might earn a break every so often.”
“Yeah, but I don’t think she expects you to cook the meals,” Kanji said.
“She works all day at the shop, and then she has to come home to feed us.” Goro’s footsteps
got louder and more frantic. “I’m not even her child. She should have some kind of
compensation.”
“Well, it’s too late for Mother’s Day,” Kanji said. “And I don’t think she’d appreciate a
surprise dinner. She might have other plans. Why don’t you just offer to make dinner another
day?”
“Maybe I will,” Goro said, fighting the tension in his voice.
Kanji stood up. “Well, now that that’s over with, I’m going to work on a project. Want to
come with?”
Goro stopped walking and took a deep breath. That was sudden. “Where is this project of
yours?”
“In my room? Where else would it be?”
Goro shrugged. Teddie might have insisted on a trip around town. “I have no idea. The train
station?”

“Walking to the train station wouldn’t be relaxing. It’d just be a lot of walking,” Kanji said.
“Come on, I’ll show you what I’ve been working on.”
Goro followed Kanji into his bedroom. It was tidier than Goro expected; there wasn’t even
any junk on the dresser.
“Ugh, Ma did warn me that she was going to clean my room this morning,” Kanji said. “Let
me see if I can find my stuff.”
Goro leaned against the wall as Kanji began looting his drawers. He pulled out a half sewntogether rabbit from one of the drawers and began searching underneath his bed.
“What are you looking for?” Goro asked.
“I’m trying to find the buttons,” Kanji said. “I know I have some stashed around here
somewhere. It’s for the eyes. I mean, obviously, you can’t have a stuffed rabbit without
adding eyes to them, right?”
“You’re making a stuffed rabbit?”
“For this kid,” Kanji explained. He sat up and scratched the back of his neck while glaring at
the floor. “He was pretty worked up after losing his, and I thought I’d do something nice for
him, you know? Then again, maybe it is kinda strange.”
“It’s not strange,” Goro said. “It’s kindness.”
“Heh, that’s definitely a word for it.” Kanji stood up and combed his hair away from his face.
“But seriously, where’d the heck did those buttons go?”
At that moment, the sound of the front door opening and closing answered Kanji’s request.
“I’m home!” Tatsumi said from wherever she had been.
“Ma!” Kanji opened the door to his room and stuck his head out into the hall. “Where’d you
put the buttons?”
“What buttons?”
“The buttons in my room! Why’d the hell you move everything around?!”
Goro was glad he was leaning against the wall. His legs were feeling weak. What the hell was
Kanji thinking? He might be Tatsumi’s child, but that sort of behavior was never tolerated.
“Don’t speak to your mother that way!” Tatsumi said sharply. Goro stayed perfectly still and
waited for her to barge into the room. She didn’t. “I put it in the box in your closet, with your
other sewing supplies.”
Kanji leaned away from the hall, looking surprised. “I thought I looked there.”
“Well, that’s where I put it,” Tatsumi said irritably.

Why wouldn’t Goro’s chest stop hurting? Kanji was looking in his closet now, pulling out a
small box and rummaging through its contents. He pulled out a bag of buttons slowly, turning
them over in his hands. Goro’s ears were ringing as Kanji looked toward the still open door.
“You’re right!” Kanji said. “Sorry!”
“Look more carefully next time,” Tatsumi said, still obviously annoyed.
“Right.” Kanji stood up and walked up to Goro. He was smiling as though only something
mildly embarrassing had just happened. As though he wasn’t trying to trigger every nerve in
Goro’s body. “Well, crisis averted–”
Goro punched him in the face.
Kanji stumbled backwards into his desk. He grabbed the desk with one hand for purchase as
he raised his other hand to his cheek.
“The hell was that for?!”
“What is wrong with you?” Goro asked. It hurt to even find the air to speak. “You can’t speak
to her like that! She’s your guardian. You can’t– don’t you realize what she can do if you act
that way?!”
“What are you talking about?”
“Are you a moron?!” Goro’s shouting made his head hurt, but he couldn’t stop. “She does
everything for you, and she has the power to hurt–”
“What on earth is going on here?”
Tatsumi stood in the doorway of the room, staring at Goro and Kanji with an expression that
was either one of alarm or anger. Probably anger. Certainly anger. Kanji had yelled at her.
Goro had yelled at Kanji. Goro had attacked her child.
Definitely anger.
Goro could hear his heart beating. His blood pulsed to the rhythm of his panic and frustration.
Tatsumi was blocking the door, but she was small. Goro could still make a break for it. But
where would he go?
“Um, I’m not really sure,” Kanji said, even though it should have been obvious. What was
more clear than Goro attacking him? Than Goro lecturing him on a topic that was ultimately
none of Goro’s business? “Akechi, maybe you need a drink–”
“What on earth happened to your face?” Tatsumi asked. She stepped deeper into the room.
“And Akechi-kun, your hand–”
Goro couldn’t attack. Attacking would only make it worse. Shouting would only make it
worse. Doing anything would only make it worse.

Goro slipped past Tatsumi and ran.

Goro never ran. It wasn’t a dignified response to fear. A tactical retreat in the face of a
powerful shadow was one thing, and even those were only rarely tolerated. Shido had
demands for Goro to fulfill. Goro couldn’t waste unnecessary time gathering strength when
he was on a deadline.
When Goro screwed up one of Shido’s requests, he’d stand silently as Shido chewed him out.
Sometimes, he didn’t even receive his lecture in person. That was always preferable. Sitting
down on his bed while Shido shouted at him over the phone was a lot less terrible than being
forced to stay expressionless while Shido looked ready to beat him senseless.
He never did, of course. Shido had too much “class” for that. Instead, he used every verbal
weapon in his arsenal to make it clear that he did not tolerate failure of any kind. An
appropriate warning of what could happen to Goro if he didn’t step up his game was enough
to prevent Goro from failing for a long stretch of time afterwards.
“I am the reason you’re not wasting away in the sewers right now,” he used to say. “And this
is how you thank me? Do you think I’m keeping you around for your pretty fucking face?”
Goro sometimes wondered how Shido reacted when the Phantom Thieves sent their calling
card before taking Shido’s heart. Had he tried to call Goro in a fit of rage? Did he make plans
to see Goro dead before the end of the year? Apparently, that was already on his agenda
anyway.
In any case, Goro did not run away.
When Takaya shot him, he didn’t run away. When they faced the literal end of the world,
Goro didn’t run away.
He ran away when Takaya and Jin kidnapped him. He ran away from his younger shadow.
From his own fear. But those were the exceptions. Not the rule.
So what was he doing? Why was he fleeing from Kanji and his mother? Even if he thought
he was in danger, he should be able to face it without hesitation. He shouldn’t be sprinting
past passersby returning home after a long day. He shouldn’t trip over a jutting corner of the
sidewalk just to outpace his own rampaging thoughts.
Goro stumbled forward as he slowed to a walk. The world spun around him. He didn’t even
know where he was. He gasped for breath and ran his hands through his hair. He had to calm
down. He needed to pull himself together.
Goro’s phone was ringing. The shrill sound pierced his eardrums over and over again. Ring
ring. A breath of silence. Ring ring. Another breath. Ring ring, ring ring–
Goro yanked his phone from his pocket and answered the call.

“Akechi speaking,” Goro said. He leaned forward and rested his hand against his leg. He
couldn’t tell if he was about to pass out or vomit.
“Oh thank god,” Kanji said. Goro contemplated the benefits of face planting into the
concrete. “Dude, where are you?”
“That–” Goro inhaled sharply. “—is a very good question.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Kanji asked. “I know it took you fifteen minutes to answer
my calls, but surely you haven’t managed to get all the way out of town–”
“Just give me a minute to find my bearings.” Goro stood to his full height. A hill with
pavilions stood to his right. “There’s a pavilion.”
“By a hill?”
“Yes.” Goro’s heart was slowly beginning to slot itself back into place. “Nobody else is
around.”
“Okay, give us a minute and we’ll find you–”
“That’s really not necessary. I can find my way back to your home myself.”
“Um, two minutes ago you didn’t even know where you were,” Kanji said.
“I can ask someone about your address. Please, don’t worry about me.” Goro stared at his
freshly bruised fist. “I’m sorry about your face.”
“We can talk about that later,” Kanji said. “Maybe I should come for you–”
“For fuck’s sake, Kanji, I’m fine!” Goro’s voice cracked. He sat down at a nearby picnic
table. “I’ll be back within thirty minutes.”
“Thirty minutes?” Kanji said. “It’ll be dark in thirty minutes.”
“Nothing will happen.” Goro massaged his temple. His headache had yet to go away. “What
is your problem? Didn’t you want to relax?”
“What sort of question is that?” Kanji demanded. For some inexplicable reason, his cadence
reminded Goro suddenly of Shinjiro. “You’re my friend. It’s kind of hard to relax when
you’re on your own and it’s going to be night–”
“We’re not friends!” Goro’s hold on his phone tightened. “We’ve known each other for what?
A month and a half? Just because you know my history doesn’t mean–”
A lump lodged itself in Goro’s throat. If he said anything more, he thought he might burst
into tears. What was going on with him today?
“I’m sorry,” Goro said shortly. He hung up and slapped the phone down against the seat
beside him. It skidded forward and fell to the ground. Goro didn’t bother to pick it up.

“Get a grip,” Goro whispered to himself. He tensed his forearms in an attempt to keep his
hands still. His hands only shook more sporadically. “Pull your pathetic self together. They
can’t see you like this.”
It was over. There was no going back from this. Goro would have to leave the Tatsumi
residence only a week after he had moved in. In his history of homes, this probably had the
record for the shortest lived.
The sun was setting. Mitsuru would be furious if she knew that Goro was out there alone.
There weren’t any pedestrians around to witness a potential murder. Goro should leave.
And go where? There wasn’t any point in going back to the Tatsumis. They were probably
already packing Goro’s bags for him. Goro was too tired to taste direct rejection.
Maybe Akira would let him sleep over. But if Tsuyoshi happened to be there, Goro would be
in a worse position than he was before. He might as well be walking into a trap that had red
flashing lights.
A stick snapped loudly behind him. Goro jumped to his feet and spun around. The sky was
growing darker, but no silhouette was amongst the trees and bushes.
“Oh look, there he is,” Adachi’s voice said. Goro frowned and turned back toward the noise.
Adachi and Tatsumi walked up the hill toward the pavilion. “Looks like your son was right
after all, ma’am.”
“No need to sound so surprised,” Tatsumi said sharply. “Kanji is a perfectly intelligent boy.”
“Oh, um, my apologies!” Adachi bowed hurriedly. “I didn’t mean to imply.”
“Tatsumi-san?” Goro asked. “What are you doing here?”
“Finding you, of course.” Tatsumi sat down to Goro’s right. “You managed to run a long way
before Kanji-kun got a hold of you. Fortunately, Adachi-san was willing to escort me. It’s not
safe to be walking alone at dark”
“It’s hard to say no when they’re demanding your protection–” Adachi muttered.
“What was that?” Tatsumi said sweetly.
“Oh, nothing, ma’am! Just glad to help.” Adachi chuckled. “Good to see that you’re alright,
Akechi-kun.”
“I’m sorry to take you from your post,” Goro said, too emotionally drained to be angry with
Adachi’s comment.
“Don’t be. I was just doing my job, after all.” Adachi bowed again. “But I should really get
going.”
“Thank you very much for your help, young man,” Tatsumi said. “Be careful out there.”

“I always am.”
If Adachi knew how to be careful, Goro knew how to control his rampaging emotions. So far,
he wasn’t having much luck.
Tatsumi was still sitting as Adachi walked away. Goro did not see any point in sitting down
next to her.
“You didn’t need to find me,” Goro said.
“Oh yes,” Tatsumi said. “Kanji was quite insistent that you did not want to be bothered.
Unfortunately, I was not convinced.”
“I can take care of myself.”
“I’m sure you can,” Tatsumi said. “But it’s my policy that when children run away from me, I
address the issue before it spirals.”
“What is there to address?” Goro spat. He smoothed his expression. “Tatsumi-san, I
understand the situation perfectly. I hit Kanji-kun without even being provoked. I can have
my bags packed before morning tomorrow.”
“Bags packed? What are you talking about?”
“You’re kicking me out, of course,” Goro said. “I understand. I’m sorry for imposing myself
upon your family.”
“I’m not doing anything of the sort.” Tatsumi patted the bench beside her. “Now stop
spouting nonsense and sit down before you pass out before my eyes.”
Goro sat down mechanically and stared at the street in front of him. A single car drove past.
Maybe the driver was having as terrible a day as he was.
“You don’t have to feel obligated to give me another chance, Tatsumi-san,” Goro said. “I
know that I’m too volatile for you to handle. There’s no point in keeping me around when
I’m only going to hurt someone else.”
“Do you think this is the first time someone has lost their temper in my house?” Tatsumi
asked. She gave Goro a severe look. “Do you think Kanji has never punched something or
someone before?”
This wasn’t a part of the script. Goro, normally good at improvising on stage, found himself
floundering.
“I’m sure he has,” Goro said. “But he’s your son, and I attacked him. Surely there are
repercussions.”
“Yes, I expect you to give him a thorough apology when we get back,” Tatsumi said. “You
seem very well-practiced in that regard, so I doubt it will be an issue.”

“Tatsumi-san, I don’t know who you’re trying to impress. There’s nobody here if you’re
worried about your reputation.”
“I’m too old to care about what other people think of me. I’m only here to understand your
side of the story.”
Goro scoffed. “There’s only one story,” he said. “Kanji isn’t a liar. I’m sure he can tell you
what happened.”
“Yes, he said that you punched him, lectured him on respecting his parents, and then left,”
Tatsumi said. “I heard that much for myself. I was hoping for a more thorough explanation.”
“I don’t know why I did it,” Goro said.
“No?” Tatsumi raised her eyebrows. “I didn’t realize you hated Kanji-kun that much.”
“Of course I don’t hate him,” Goro said. “You don’t have to hate someone to be angry at
them, do you?” Goro had been angry at Akira on a near constant basis, and he was sure Akira
was angry right back at him.
“What did Kanji do to make you angry?” Tatsumi asked.
“Were you an attorney in your past life?” Goro asked. “Why can’t you just accept that I had
no good reason for punching your son?”
“Because I doubt that’s true, and I’m not sure I understand why you’re insisting on punishing
yourself,” Tatsumi said. “I’ll ask again. Why were you angry at Kanji?”
“Clearly, it doesn’t bother you as much as I thought it did, but he was being disrespectful.
Most adults don’t tolerate that sort of disrespect.” Goro was unable to hide the suspicion from
his face. “Children are meant to respect their elders.”
“Kanji has never been very good at that,” Tatsumi said. “But it’s not because he doesn’t
respect me. He just speaks his mind. I don’t think it’s necessary to do anything except remind
him about his tone every now and then.”
“Then, I guess this was just a massive misunderstanding on my end,” Goro said. He stood up.
He couldn’t do this anymore. “My apologies. Are you kicking me out or not?”
“I’m not.”
Goro picked up his phone still lying on the dirt. “Okay,” he said. Relief and frustration
churned inside him as he smoothed his hair back. “Fantastic.” He bowed. “Thank you for
your generosity, Tatsumi-san. I will try not to squander it a second time.”
“You haven’t squandered it at all, Akechi-kun.” Tatsumi stood up. “On the whole, you’ve
been a joy to have in my home.”
Right. Goro was a real ball of sunshine.

Hierophant Arcana: Rank 3

Chapter End Notes

I would like to formally apologizing for forgetting poor Nanako in my social link
update. I can't believe I could do this to the best character in the game. /lh
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 55: July 23–August 1, 2011
Chapter Summary

Wow guys we made it to August that's crazy

Chapter Notes

tw: ptsd, refusal to eat, implied/referenced child abuse, referenced kidnapping

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Kanji’s cheek was already beginning to swell. Goro stood in front of him and contemplated
the benefits of yelling or running away again.
He did neither. Goro still had a place to sleep; he wasn’t going to press his luck any further.
Tatsumi looked at him expectantly. Goro swallowed the lump of emotions blocking his vocal
cords.
“I’m sorry, Kanji-san.” He bowed. “I shouldn’t have hit you, and I shouldn’t have said the
things I said. Please forgive me.”
Kanji looked surprised. Was he not used to being apologized to? Come to think of it, he had
been equally uncomfortable when Yosuke had apologized over whatever the hell had
happened on their camping trip.
“Oh, um, sure.”
It was a wholly incomplete exchange. Goro had no idea what he could possibly say to make it
better.
“Well, that will have to be good enough for now,” Tatsumi sighed. “Kanji, did you start the
rice?”
“Oh yeah, I did,” Kanji said. “I think it’s done. You guys took longer than I expected to get
back. I set the table too.”
The idea of sitting and eating across from Kanji was suffocating. How could he possibly go
back to everything being normal? Nothing about this was normal at all.
“You can take my plate away,” Goro said. “I’m not hungry.”

“Seriously?”
“I just… don’t feel well,” Goro said. “My cold must be getting to me.”
Tatsumi sighed. “Well, I’ll make you a portion if you change your mind,” she said.
Goro bowed and fled to his room. He sat down on his futon and stared at his scratched phone.
Fuuka had texted him at some point, likely when the phone was lying on the ground. She
wanted to meet Goro to deliver the tracker.
Akechi Goro: I’ll meet you by the station.
The smell of meat and spices carried from the kitchen into his room. Goro’s stomach
growled, but Goro sat down at his desk and tried to study instead. He didn’t need Tatsumi’s
kindness.
He didn’t deserve it.

Fuuka arrived at Inaba early the next morning. Goro skipped breakfast and stopped by the
station to greet her.
“Goro-kun!” Fuuka said cheerfully. “You got taller!”
“Teenage boys have a bad habit of doing that,” Goro said dryly. “Your hair got longer.”
Fuuka looked over her shoulder, even though the small braid was likely too short for her to
see. “Well, hair has a bad habit of doing that too. Do you like it?”
“It looks good,” Goro said. The hairstyle genuinely was quite good looking on Fuuka, but
Goro’s smile felt strained. The events of the day before had drained the hell out of him, and
he was afraid that this tracker was an exercise in futility. “Do you have what I asked for?”
“Oh, yeah, I do.”
Fuuka handed a small wooden box to Akechi. Akechi undid the clasps. Extremely small
black disks and a thumb drive rested on a cushion.
“The thumb drive will download the program that receives the signals from the trackers onto
your computer,” Fuuka explained, pointing to the box. “You should be able to see where your
suspect is in real time.”
“We need to have a suspect first,” Goro said. He put the box in his pocket. A few raindrops
started come down, and the last thing they needed was for the expensive technology to get
wet. “Thank you. I really appreciate this.”
Fuuka nodded. “Please be careful.”

“Why does everyone keep reminding me of that?” Goro asked. “Do I look like a reckless
person to you?”
“Maybe a little.” Fuuka winced. “You do have a habit for getting into danger without telling
anyone.”
Goro sighed. “I deserve that,” he said. Especially considering he wasn’t being wholly honest
over why he had trackers to begin with. “Well, tell everyone that I’m being perfectly safe.”
“I will.” Fuuka pulled something out of her pocket. “And before I forget, Ryoji made a good
luck charm for you.”
Fuuka handed Goro a small keychain with a tiny blue paper crane at the end. Goro quickly
put it in his pocket before the rain got to it.
“Give him my gratitude,” Goro said. “I’m sure the crane will protect me when it counts.”
“You never know,” Fuuka said. She pointed to her necklace, which also had a crane as the
pendant. “He’s given one to everyone.”
Goro shook his head fondly. “He should open up an origami business.”
“He’s already asked Minato to be his co-owner.” Fuuka laughed.
Some of the tension and confusion that had overcome Goro faded. No matter what happened
in Inaba, he still had friends waiting for him in Iwatodai. People he understood and trust. He
had almost lost sight of that.

Goro ate lunch at school. He was still hungry when he was finished. A side effect of no
longer being malnourished and not eating dinner or breakfast.
It was no longer raining when Akira and Goro walked home from school, which meant Goro
could attach the small paper crane keychain to his backpack without worrying. It swayed
back and forth as he walked, almost like a second companion.
But origami aside, now that Goro finally had a plan of action against Tsuyoshi, a part of him
had been hoping that his expensive-ass car would show up conveniently.
“Have you seen your uncle recently?” Goro asked.
“He’s been a bit busy, but I saw him the other day,” Akira said. “Why?”
“Do you know where he works?”
“Somewhere in the city. I don’t know the details.” Akira looked contemplatively at the
sidewalk. “I don’t like asking about work.”

Goro couldn’t exactly blame him, especially since Akira’s parents were busier than even
Dojima seemed to be. “I see.”
“Do you want to ask him about his work?” Akira asked. “Is it a project or something?”
Goro barked out a laugh. “If I had a project about work, I’d ask my guardian,” he said.
“Your guardian?” Akira’s eyes widened. “Wait. Was your guardian that woman who came in
the limo when you were missing?”
Goro hid his face in embarrassment. “Yes.”
“Your guardian is Kirjio Mitsuru?”
“In a sense.”
Akira’s jaw dropped. “My dad would die if he knew I was friends with the ward of the leader
of the Kirijo Group.”
“Well, don’t tell him,” Goro said. “I’d prefer not to have too much attention.”
Akira looked hesitant, but he nodded. “Alright. He probably wouldn’t believe me anyway.”
They arrived at Akira’s house and bid each other farewell. Goro headed back to the Tatsumi
residence, trying to ignore the way his dread returned full force.
Goro could run in the clearer weather. He’d quickly change his clothes and leave before
anyone even knew he was there.
Those plans swiftly deteriorated as soon as Goro approached the house to find Kanji standing
in front of the front door, his arms crossed. The swelling on his face had gotten worse. The
bruise was beginning to turn blue.
“I figured you’d be back here sooner rather than later,” Kanji said.
“Kanji-san,” Goro said. He didn’t know what to say. “I’m surprised to see you here.”
Kanji sighed and glanced up at the overcast sky. “Well, it’s kind of a crummy day for this, but
do you want to get topsicles?”
Goro’s grip on his schoolbag tightened. Kanji wasn’t about to confront him about the night
before? “Topsicles? What does that have to do with anything?”
“I’ll buy if you don’t want to,” Kanji said conversationally. Were they speaking in two
different languages?
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Goro said. “Why on earth would you want to spend time with me after
what happened?”

“Well, you said you didn’t know me very well.” Kanji shoved his hands into his pockets and
looked to the side awkwardly. “Isn’t this how you get to know people? Eating ice cream with
them and shit?”
“I attacked you.”
“Yeah, exactly. You attacked me. Are you really going to tell me what to do right now?”
He wasn’t wrong. Goro’s shame outweighed his frustration.
“You’re not paying.”
“Fine by me.”

They sat on a bench by the topsicle stand and ate in silence. Kanji kept shuffling in place and
opening his mouth before closing it again. Goro didn’t have any idea on what he could
possibly say.
“Exam scores came out today,” Kanji said. “Did you see yours?”
Goro bit into his topsicle. The chill in his teeth made his head hurt, but it was a welcome
distraction from his mess of emotions. “I was top in my class,” he said flatly.
“Figures.” Kanji snorted. “Yu-kun was too. Maybe the power to hold multiple personas
comes with the power of being smart.”
“Maybe it does.”
“Although, I guess since you’re from the future, it doesn’t really count,” Kanji said. He had
already finished his topsicle and was now playing with the wooden stick. “It sucks you have
to do school all over again.”
“I’ll live.”
The sound of the occasional student and adult milling through the shopping district filled the
uncomfortable silence between them. Students gave Kanji a wide berth as they passed.
Goro’s topsicle began to melt. The sticky red substance looked almost like blood on his
fingers. The thought didn’t do wonders for Goro’s appetite. He held the topsicle out to Kanji.
“Do you want it?”
“Oh, sure.” Kanji took the topsicle and bit into it violently. He finished it within a few
minutes and handed the stick back to Goro. “Thanks.”
Goro stared at the topsicle stick in his hands. It was about as stained as his fingers. “Well, if
that’s all you wanted, I should go–”

“Wait.”
Goro didn’t move.
“Look, I’m not very good at this talking thing either, but–” Kanji cut himself off and scowled
at his feet. “You can’t keep skipping meals, man.”
“I only skipped dinner.”
“You didn’t eat breakfast either,” Kanji snapped. “You left your bedroom and just walked
right out of the house without another word.”
“I wasn’t hungry.”
“Yeah, right.” Kanji glowered. “You’ve never had any issues eating Ma’s cooking before.”
“Well, I guess yesterday was an outlier,” Goro said. “Did you want me to eat dinner with you
after what had happened?”
“I don’t want you to starve yourself, if that’s what you’re asking.”
“I ate lunch.”
“That’s only a third of the number of meals you’re meant to have,” Kanji said. “My exam
scores were better than that.”
“Is this seriously what you wanted to talk to me about?” Goro demanded. “My eating
habits?”
“No, I wanted to talk to you so that you wouldn’t be afraid of me, dammit!”
Kanji snapped topsicle stick in his fit of emotion. Goro had an iron grip on his, but he wasn’t
scared. Startled was a better word for it.
“You think I’m afraid of you?”
“There’s no need to be nice about it. You said it yourself,” Kanji said. “We’re not friends.
And I know you’ve been avoiding me.”
Goro swallowed. “Kanji. What I said, I didn’t really mean it–”
“No, you did.” Kanji smiled. “It’s okay. I get it. I mean, we haven’t really known each other
for that long, and I’m just some loser punk that beats up biker gangs in my free time.”
“That’s not true,” Goro said.
“Then why the hell have you been avoiding me?” Kanji scowled. “Look, you don’t need to
hide it. I’m not going to beat you up or anything.”
“I’m not scared of you!” Goro snapped. “I’m many things, but afraid of you is not one of
them.”

Kanji snorted derisively. “Right.”
“You’re right,” Goro said. He couldn’t have Kanji thinking he was just like all the other
gossiping students. “I was scared. I was scared for you, and then I was scared of what your
mother would do, and then I was afraid of your reaction to my abhorrent treatment of you.”
“So you were afraid of me–”
“Of your reaction!” Goro jumped to his feet. “Most people don’t forgive after being insulted
and hit, so excuse me for thinking you were going to be angry–”
“Why would I be angry?” Kanji asked.
“There is a giant bruise on your face because of me!”
“Yeah, because you were trying to protect me from my mom, apparently!” Kanji jumped to
his feet alongside Goro. “Hell, I’ve hit people over less!”
Goro didn’t know what to say. He stared stubbornly at the fraying ends of Kanji’s shoelaces.
“Look, Goro… my ma’s a really good person,” Kanji said. “She goes to the hospital for other
people’s children. She’s not like some other assholes out there.”
Like Shido, Kanji didn’t say.
“Obviously,” Goro snapped, finally looking up at Kanji’s face. “I know that.”
Kanji rubbed the back of his neck, frowning thoughtfully. “And, well, we might not be
friends. But I’m not going to hit you or yell at you for having a, um, what did Ma call it?
Shit… there was a really good word for it.”
“Breakdown?” Goro offered.
“No, that wasn’t it.” Kanji sighed. “A reaction, I guess. Just try not to punch me next time.”
“I really am sorry,” Goro said.
“Sure. Just don’t keep skipping meals, got that?” Kanji crossed his arms. “It’s not healthy.”
Emperor Arcana: Rank 3

The following night, the Midnight Channel came on and revealed a teenager Goro had never
seen before. He was in some sort of video game landscape and yelled at the audience very
briefly before the screen shut off.
Kanji snuck into Goro’s room almost immediately after.
“Do you know that guy?” Kanji whispered.

“No,” Goro said.
“I think I might have seen him around the shopping district a couple of times,” Kanji said.
“He was a real peach to talk to.”
“Try and catch me… that definitely implies that he was running away from the cops,” Goro
said.
“Unless he’s innocent,” Kanji said. “Maybe he’s stolen something or… I don’t know.”
“He’s at a high school age, so I think it’s likely he’s the one who killed Morooka,” Goro said.
“The question is whether he’s the culprit for the past victims.”
“You think he might’ve run away into the TV?” Kanji asked. “Or did he get kidnapped too?”
“I’m not sure,” Goro admitted.
“Oh, I had a thought about that actually,” Kanji said. “Could he be a copycat and escaped
into the TV? Could there be more people than just us and the original killer who can go in?”
“It’s not impossible,” Goro said. “Have we considered where we originally got the ability?”
“I think it started with Yu…” Kanji frowned. “But he hasn’t mentioned someone endowing
him with power.”
Fantastic. More unknowns. The ability to enter televisions had to come from somewhere.
“Let’s not overcomplicate it for now,” Goro said exhaustedly. “Let’s just… assume that killer
was pissed and pushed him in. That would match what we know about him so far,
considering the circumstances of my kidnapping.”
Kanji nodded uneasily. “I guess you have a point.”

They still had to investigate their suspect to help Rise pinpoint him in the TV world. Goro
first went to the Junes food court, and as he hoped, Shirogane was sitting at one of the tables,
likely waiting for the Investigation team to appear.
Shirogane raised his eyebrows at Goro.
“Akechi-kun,” he said. “What brings you here?”
“I actually had some questions for you.” Goro sat down next to Shirogane. “This suspect.
Would you care to tell me anything about him?”
Shirogane was not amused. “I thought I warned you to stay away from this case.”
“And I heard that the police’s prime suspect was missing,” Goro said. “Aren’t you aggravated
with their blatant disregard toward you anyway?”

“That may be true, but I’m afraid that I’m not willing to encourage vigilantism, no matter
how noble your reasons,” Shirogane said. He glanced up at the cloudy sky. “I hear the beach
is very nice this time of year.”
Fortunately, Yu had more luck.
“Kubo Mitsuo,” he told Rise and Teddie in the privacy of the TV world a few days later. He
held up a small yearbook photo of their culprit. “He worked in the shopping district for a
time, but he got bored and quit.”
“Wait a minute!” Rise took the photo. “I’ve seen this guy before! He came to the shop and
talked to me about how much he hated biker gangs. Was he spying on me?”
Chie looked over Rise’s shoulder. “Wait… I recognize him too! Remember, Yukiko? He was
that creep who asked you out earlier this year!”
“Oh yeah,” Yukiko said, her eyes widening.
“I also heard that he was talking about Yamano-san,” Chie said. “Apparently, he thinks
women who cheat on their husbands should be executed.”
It all lined up too well to be just a coincidence, but Goro was almost certain the team’s
confirmation bias was at play.
“Damn, does that mean the true culprit is really just a kid?” Yosuke asked. “I can’t imagine
what it’s like for a kid my age to kill someone.”
Yu, Kanji, and, unexpectedly, Rise all gave Yosuke a stunned look. Yosuke seemed to realize
what he had said as soon as the words came out of his mouth. Teddie and the rest looked
confused by the sudden tension. Goro decided to clear it up for them.
“Would you like me to describe it to you in graphic detail, or is leaving it to your inactive
imagination enough?”
“Oh god, Akechi-kun.” Yosuke was at a loss for words. “I’m sorry.”
“Try and remember that children are people too,” Goro said. “They’re just as capable of evil
as adults are.”
“Yeah.” Yosuke sighed. “You’re right. I’m really sorry.”
“Forget it.” Goro crossed his arms. “Maybe we should focus on actually finding Kubo and
seeing if his shadow will reveal the truth of his actions.”
“Right.” Rise summoned her persona and shut her eyes tightly. “I can sense him!”
“Wow, Rise-chan!” Teddie said. “Your nose is way better than mine!”

Kubo’s dungeon was themed like a video game. It wasn’t hard to connect the dots.
“This is all just some game to him?” Chie demanded. “Oh, he makes me so mad!”
“We’ll give him what he deserves,” Kanji said. “Let’s just hurry up and find this asshole.”
Goro was relieved to actually be helpful to the team this time around. They didn’t make much
progress on that first day, but Goro knew that his personas with impressive healing abilities
lightened the load off everyone.
After their third day of working through the dungeon, Chie gathered everyone at the Junes
food court.
“Alright Yosuke, it’s time to pay up,” she said. She put her hands on her hips. “You owe me a
filet mignon for that time you ate my lunch. Don’t think I haven’t forgotten.”
“Haven’t forgotten?” Yosuke was obviously flabbergasted. “But that was months ago! Why
are you bringing it up now?”
“Because today is my birthday, and I expect some compensation for the trouble you’ve put
me through,” Chie said. “Which means filet mignon for everyone!”
“Um, I don’t think Yosuke-senpai’s going to be able to afford that much steak,” Kanji said.
“I can pay for it,” Yu said. “I’ve got a lot of yen saved up from fighting shadows these past
few days.”
“Aw, but I really wanted Yosuke to pay up,” Chie said.
“I bought you Junes steak!” Yosuke protested. “That’s got to be worth something, doesn’t it?”
“It’s alright, Chie,” Yukiko said. “Yu-kun ate my fried tofu. It’s only fair that he pay for the
filet mignon.”
“Well, I guess that’s true,” Chie said. “Alright, then! Filet mignon dinner is on Yu!”
“When the hell did you two eat their lunches?” Goro asked.
“Actually, I was wondering that too,” Rise said.
“It’s a long story,” Yosuke said.
“It is not!” Chie slapped his shoulder. “I let you have a bite, and you ended up eating the
entire thing! Who does that?”
“I forgot to bring my own lunch that day!”
“Can we stop arguing?” Kanji asked. “I’m getting pretty hungry myself.”
“What’s filet mignon?” Teddie asked.

“This is… the most delicious thing… I have ever eaten,” Teddie said with his mouth full of
steak. “They didn’t make this out of bears, did they?”
“No, it’s cow,” Yosuke said. “And don’t talk with your mouth full.”
They were at a relatively nice restaurant. They couldn’t buy filet mignon at Junes. Goro tried
to pretend that he wasn’t associated with the most rambunctious group in the building.
“Yu, you are my new second-best friend,” Chie said. “How often can you afford this kind of
steak?”
“Only on your birthday,” Yu said.
“I’m sure we can negotiate later,” Chie said. “I mean, there have to be plenty of times over
summer vacation we can manage to have a delicious steak, right?”
“Steak isn’t exactly what I think of when I think of summer food,” Kanji said. “I mean, ice
cream on the beach sounds and tastes a lot more delicious.”
“The beach?” Teddie asked. “Is that a place made of peaches?”
“Beach, not peach,” Yosuke said. “It’s by the ocean. And don’t tell me you don’t know what
that is, because you asked me a million questions about that yesterday.”
“We’ll see the ocean?” Teddie gasped. “Can we go today?”
“Absolutely not,” Goro said.
“Going to the beach doesn’t sound like a bad idea, though,” Rise said. “It’s been a while
since I’ve been able to go there just for fun. We should totally make plans!”
“How are we meant to get there?” Chie asked. “It’s not exactly nearby.”
“Oh, we could take our motorcycles!” Yosuke offered.
“And have Kanji, Teddie, Rise, and Akechi ride on bikes?” Chie asked doubtfully. “I don't
think that was your best offer in the idea department.”
“Oh, that’s a good point,” Yosuke said.
“Actually, I can get a license,” Rise said. “Oh, but I guess that doesn’t help the other three.”
“I still don’t know how to ride a bike,” Teddie said, raising his hand.
“Well, none of us are old enough to drive a car,” Yukiko said. “Maybe we could get someone
else to drive us?”
“I can ask Dojima-san,” Yu said. “But I wouldn’t count on it.”

“I could probably call in a favor, but it wouldn’t be inconspicuous,” Rise said uneasily. “I
don’t want people to realize that Risette is at the beach. We wouldn’t get any peace at all.”
“I won’t let it come to that,” Goro said, suppressing a shudder. It was summer vacation.
School wasn’t going to be holding anyone back. “I’m sure I can find someone who can drive
us to the beach.”

“Akechi-kun, we seem to be out of eggs,” Tatsumi said one morning. “I’d ask Kanji, but he
already seems to have gone out. Would you mind getting some for me?”
“I’d be more than happy to,” Goro said. It was about time that Tatsumi started asking
something of him. “Is there anything else we’re missing?”
“Let me check.” Tatsumi looked into the pantry. “Well, I suppose we could do with more rice
and oil. Don’t burden yourself.”
“Eggs, rice, and oil,” Goro recited. “I’m sure I can manage.”
“Thank you,” Tatsumi said gratefully. “There’s yen in this drawer you can take, just be sure
to return the change.”
Summer vacation was in full swing, so Goro didn’t have any school to contend with. They
had also agreed to take the day off of trying to turn in Kubo, so Goro immediately went to
Junes before he forgot. He would have gone to one of the local stores, but Junes had the
cheapest prices. He didn’t want to drain any of Tatsumi’s yen.
Maybe Goro should pay for the food with his own money.
While Goro was trying to figure out which brand of rice Tatsumi preferred, Teddie’s familiar
rhythmic footfalls approached from Goro’s right. Teddie held a new bunch of balloons and
waved.
“Hello, Goro-kun!” Teddie said. “What brings you here today?”
“Shopping,” Goro said blandly. “How goes handing out balloons?”
“I’m so glad you asked!” Teddie said. “I’m famous with the children. Look, here’s one right
now!”
Sure enough, a young child was pulling on their mother’s arm and pointing at Teddie. The
mother nodded, and the child ran up to Teddie with a wide grin across his face.
“Hello, Teddie-kun,” the kid said. “May I please have a balloon?”
“Why, I’m beary happy to!” Teddie said as he handed the kid a balloon. The kid laughed.
“You’re silly,” he said.

“Thank you beary much!”
The kid bowed before running back to their mother. Goro gave Teddie a deadpan look.
“You used the same pun twice in a row.”
“It’s my trademark now,” Teddie said. “Yosuke told me. Besides, the little kids love it when I
make my jokes!”
“I could tell,” Goro said. “Do you enjoy working with children?”
“Mhm!” Teddie’s voice was so cheerful that Goro was sure his unnaturally blue eyes were
sparkling beneath the costume. “Not only are they cute, but they’re very polite too! Not mean
like Yosuke when I ask too many questions.”
“Do you ask him many questions?”
“I ask him everything!” Teddie said. “Just the other day, I saw him reading a magazine, so I
asked him what it was, and he got really upset.”
Goro was surprised. Despite his occasionally tactless comments, Yosuke didn’t strike Goro as
the type to look at those types of magazines.
“You probably shouldn’t tell that to other people,” Goro said. “It’s not appropriate.”
“Good to know!” Teddie said. “Thank you beary much!”
“That is the third time you’ve used that pun,” Goro said. “Find some new material. Please.”
“Well, Grr-o is off limits, so I don’t have much to work with,” Teddie said remorsefully. “Oh,
how about this? A bear-lloon?”
Goro pinched the bridge of his nose. “Well, at least it’s unique.”
“Yay!”
A few minutes later, after Goro just decided to grab the cheapest rice on the rack, another
child ran up to Teddie and asked for a balloon.
“I’d be beary glad to give you a bear-lloon!”
Goro considered screaming into his freshly acquired rice. At least the child’s laughter seemed
genuine enough.
“See!” Teddie said. “I’m a punning genius!”
“I suppose I’m just not enlightened enough to appreciate your exbeartise,” Goro said
unthinkingly. He certainly hadn’t intended to make a pun when he started the sentence. Was
Teddie rubbing off on him enough that the same stupid jokes he’d make in interviews were
coming through?

“Exbeartise!” Teddie laughed. “I knew you didn’t really hate my puns, Goro-kun!”
“If you tell anyone about this, I will never forgive you,” Goro whispered, absolutely
mortified with himself.
“It’s a promise.” Teddie held out a balloon to Goro. Goro stared at it.
“What is this?”
“Well, you’re a kid too,” Teddie said. “At least, that’s what the others keep calling you. Yu
told me that all kids liked balloons!”
Goro stared at the red balloon floating above Teddie’s head. The Junes logo was printed on
the front. Maybe he could find some way to deliver it to Nanako.
“I’m not a child, you know,” Goro said as he took the balloon. He stared up at it. Even though
he had a firm grip on the string, an old, absolutely childish fear of letting go rose up within
him. He tightened his hold.
“Well, maybe adults like balloons too.”
“Go away and do your job,” Goro said. He felt ridiculous with the balloon in his hand. “I
have shopping to get done.”
Aeon Arcana: Rank 2

Goro delivered the groceries to Tatsumi and ignored her amused expression upon seeing his
balloon.
“It’s for a friend,” he insisted.
“Oh, did Teddie give you one of those?” Kanji asked, poking his head into the kitchen. “He
tried to force one on me too, but I managed to get away before he could do any damage.”
“Don’t be ridiculous, Kanji. It’s just a balloon,” Tatsumi said.
“It’s never just a balloon,” Kanji said. “If you gave a whole bunch to a child, do you think
they’d float away?”
Goro rolled his eyes. “No, I don’t.”
“I saw that movie about the house being picked up by balloons,” Kanji said.
“That movie was fictional.”
“What about that world where people’s thoughts made the rules?” Kanji asked. “Would
balloons pick you up off the ground then?”

Goro hated Kanji for even suggesting the idea. He imagined Skull holding a bunch of
balloons and slowly being lifted into the air.
“What are you two talking about?” Tatsumi asked.
“Oh, it was just theoretical,” Kanji said.
“Well, I’ll leave you to your musings,” Goro said. “I have a balloon to deliver.”
Goro was going to go straight to the Dojima residence and hope that Nanako was there to
answer the doorbell. Goro wasn’t sure if Nanako would answer. If she was alone in the house,
she might feel that she didn’t know Goro well enough to open the door. As a matter of fact,
Goro would prefer it that way.
Fortunately for him, he saw a better opportunity in the form of Dojima lecturing Adachi by
the bus stop in the shopping district.
“Ah, Dojima-san!” Goro said, beaming and pretending he still had dignity while holding a
balloon. “You’re just the person I wanted to see.”
“Hi, Akechi-kun!” Adachi said cheerfully. “Cool balloon.”
“Hello, Adachi-san,” Goro said.
“Well, I can’t say I’m not surprised,” Dojima said. “What’s this about wanting to see me?”
“I have a gift for your daughter, but I’m worried that she won’t answer the doorbell for me,”
Goro said. “I thought maybe you could deliver it instead.”
“You wanted to give Nanako a balloon?” Dojima asked.
“The mascot gave it to me before I could say no,” Goro said. “She likes Junes, doesn’t she?”
“Well, I suppose that’s true,” Dojima said. “But I’ve still got work all day. Maybe you could
find Yu to give it to her.”
“Oh, come on, Dojima-san,” Adachi said. “You really want to make poor Akechi-kun run
around town trying to find your nephew? He could be all the way in Okina with one of his
friends.”
“I did give him that motorcycle,” Dojima said reluctantly. “Well, alright. I suppose I could
take it and give it to her in the evening.”
“Thank you very much!” Goro handed the balloon to Dojima. Dojima sighed.
“Nobody is going to take me seriously with this thing.”
“If you explain that it’s for your daughter, nobody will mind,” Adachi said. “Just think about
how excited Nanako will be when she sees you brought her something.”

“Well, when you put it that way, I suppose I’ll manage,” Dojima said. “Thank you for
thinking of Nanako, Akechi-kun.”
“Of course, Dojima-san.” Goro bowed with a tight smile. “Somebody has to.”
Chariot Arcana: Rank 4

Chapter End Notes

Nanaki next chapter (edit from future molly but i cannot believe i wrote nanaki instead
of nanako, ff7 and persona crossover when)
also i told a commenter this already, but in this scene, there used to be a typo where
Yukiko said, "Yu ate my friend tofu" and I just thought the world should know.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3
And if you're a binge reader, water would not be amiss right about now.

Chapter 56: August 3–9, 2011
Chapter Summary

More nanako; life is good

Chapter Notes

tw: implied/referenced kidnapping and murder, ptsd, grief, discussion of death

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“Bad news,” Yu said. They met each other on their way to Junes. They had yet to be able to
find Kubo or his shadow in the TV world. “Dojima said that he probably won’t be able to
find the time to drive us to the beach and back. He also said we wouldn’t all fit in his car.”
“Did he deliver the balloon at least?”
“The balloon?” Yu asked. “What balloon?”
Goro was going to kill Dojima. “I gave him a red balloon from Junes to give Nanako a
couple of days ago.”
Yu’s eyes widened with recognition. “Oh, that balloon!” He looked just as relieved as Akechi
felt. “Yeah, I was working at the hospital that night, but Nanako showed it to me yesterday
morning. She was thrilled.”
“You can thank Teddie,” Goro said. “He was the one who gave me the balloon to begin
with.”
“Who knew it took three people to give one little sister a balloon?” Yu said. He smirked. “I’m
sure I could have done it without any help at all.”
“You’re hilarious,” Goro said dryly. “You know, I’ve heard a rumor from this long-nosed
being that we should rely on our bonds.”
“You shouldn’t believe everything you hear.”
They stopped outside the electronics section. “Do you actually not believe that?” Goro could
understand if Yu didn’t. Yu just seemed to be the sort of person to surround himself with
allies.

“Allies are great,” Yu said. “And I love my friends. I just… I don’t want to burden them.”
“You don’t want to burden them even though they do nothing but burden you?” Goro asked.
“Even with Mitsuru’s donations, I still catch you looking at the weapons shop to make sure
nothing better is there. You bought us all expensive steak the other day. You go out of your
way to make sure everyone is happy.”
“We’re a team, and I’m the leader,” Yu said. “That’s what leaders do.”
“Leaders also delegate,” Goro said. “Do you really think great leaders do everything on their
own?”
“I do delegate,” Yu said defensively. “What do you call what we do in the dungeons?”
“And yet you don’t want to burden your friends,” Goro said. “Have you tried asking? They
might surprise you.”
Goro was such a hypocrite. From the derisive look in Yu’s eyes, he knew it too.
“Right,” he said anyway.
Something was clearly still wrong. Before Goro could ask, however, Yu spoke.
“I just… I keep thinking about Kubo’s dungeon,” Yu admitted. “He clearly thinks this whole
killing thing is a game, and from what his inner thoughts are, it’s becoming more and more
evident that he might actually be the true culprit.”
Goro couldn’t deny this. Kubo’s thoughts had echoed throughout the dungeon, reflecting on
his victory over Konishi and Yamano. The victims of the kidnappings had yet to be
mentioned.
“Perhaps,” Goro said. “What’s your point?”
“What are we going to do after all of this is over?” Yu asked.
“You’ll go back to your normal life. You’ll hang out with your friends. There will be one less
evil person in the world.”
“Yeah…”
“Do you see this as a game, Yu-kun?” Goro asked. “Because your perception dictates how
you feel when this is over. Do you enjoy this?”
“Of course, I do,” Yu said. “I think all of us do, a little bit. Saving people feels good. But I
don’t… I don’t enjoy that people are at risk to begin with.”
“Then focus on that,” Goro said. “Nobody will be at risk. Nobody you care about could die to
this criminal.”
“Right.” Yu stared at his closed fist. “Right.”

Star Arcana: Rank 3

Goro had been waiting for Akira to make the first move that summer. Surely, Akira would
want to go out somewhere nice and have Tsuyoshi drive them, right? It was summer vacation.
Friends went places.
Goro was sorely mistaken. Or maybe he was just impatient. Almost a week of summer
vacation had gone by without so much as a text message from Akira. Was Akira like Yu,
worried he’d burden Goro? Come to think of it, Akira almost never asked to hang out with
Goro of his own free will. He almost always waited for Goro to text him first. Goro originally
assumed Akira was simply to busy to ask anyone out, but now he wondered if there was
something more to it.
Oh well. Goro had a box of trackers eager to be used, and he needed to get into Tsuyoshi’s
car to do it.
It sounded ridiculous, of course. Tsuyoshi clearly wasn’t human. What was stopping him
from teleporting or passing in between dimensions to get where he needed to be? But Goro
hadn’t found Tsuyoshi’s car parked anywhere in Inaba. He had gone on a ridiculously long
run just to find a car that had the same ridiculous silver sheen as Tsuyoshi’s. He had not been
successful.
The car had to go somewhere when Tsuyoshi wasn’t with Akira. And Goro was concerned
that Tsuyoshi would be able to tell immediately if Goro placed the tracker somewhere on his
clothing.
Now the question lay in where Goro should invite Akira. He was already going to the beach
with the others, although he had yet to get around to asking one of his friends if they’d be
willing to drive them. What vacation spot was far enough away that Akira might appreciate?
Goro contemplated this question while on one of his runs. His route caused him to run on the
same street as the Dojima residence, and he spotted Nanako standing outside, holding a pink
watering can shaped like an elephant.
“Hello, Akechi-kun!” Nanako said shyly. She waved, and Goro slowed to a halt. He wiped
the sweat from his forehead.
“Good morning, Nanako-chan,” Goro said. “How are you?”
“Good!”
Goro frowned and looked around. Neither Yu or Dojima were in sight. “Are you normally
allowed to be outside on your own?”
Nanako nodded. “As long as it’s daytime, and I don’t talk to strangers.”
“And I’m not a stranger?”

“Of course not,” Nanako said. “You’re one of Big Bro’s friends!”
“Do you trust anyone who says they’re friends with Yu?”
Nanako shook her head with a serious expression. “Me and Big Bro already practiced this. I
only trust friends that hang out with Big Bro a lot, and that I recognize. And I recognize
you.”
Goro nodded in approval. “I’m glad to hear it.” He glanced at the garden set-up. There was a
homemade sign next to budding plants that indicated it was a vegetable garden. “Are you
working on your garden?
Nanako nodded and held up her watering can. “Big bro normally waters the plants with me,
but he left early today. I think he forgot. And my teacher said too much sun without water can
be really bad for the plants too.”
“Do you want me to call him?” Goro asked. “I’m sure he’ll come back and help.”
Nanako shook her head. “I don’t want to bother him,” she said. “I spend a lot of time with
him already, even though he’s super busy. Besides, I can do lots of things on my own. I even
know how to cook eggs!”
“That’s very impressive,” Goro said, causing Nanako to beam. He looked down at Nanako’s
watering can. “I can’t help but to notice that you have an empty watering can on your hands
right now.”
“I was just about to get started,” Nanako said. Her face suddenly turned to dismay. “And my
teacher said you can make plants too wet too. What if I kill them?”
“I think that will be difficult in this kind of heat,” Goro said. “I can help you, if you’d like.”
“Really?” Nanako asked, beaming. “Thank you very much!”
“You’re going to have to help me, though,” Goro said reluctantly. “I’m afraid I don’t know
much about gardening.”
“That’s okay!” Nanako looked more pleased than before. Goro must have said the right thing.
“I can teach you.”
Nanako explained that they were growing peppers. Apparently, they had their garden for over
two months now, and Yu was the one who had actually built the stone wall around the soil.
“That’s really impressive,” Goro said as Nanako watered one of the saplings. “Your big bro
can do anything, huh?”
“Mhm!” Nanako frowned as the water began to puddle in the soil. “Big bro says that once it
begins to make puddles, we should stop.”
“Then let’s do that,” Goro said. He still didn’t know a thing about gardening, except that
apparently peppers needed to be watered frequently. If Okumara were here, she’d probably

know exactly what to do.
Nanako would be near the end of elementary school when the Phantom Thieves emerged in
Tokyo. The same age Akira was now. The thought was utterly bizarre.
When they finished watering the plants, Nanako noticed a few weeds growing around the
edges of the garden. Goro knew enough from a few discussions with Okumura to know that
they had to pull the weeds out at the root, which was extremely difficult for Nanako to
manage. Goro got down on his knees and dug his fingers into the dirt, tugging the weeds out
with all his strength.
“Why do we have to pull these plants out?” Nanako asked as Goro threw them into a bucket.
“They’re bad for the plants you’re trying to grow,” Goro said. “They’ll take up all of the
space.”
“Oh,” Nanako said. “Can we grow them somewhere else?”
“It’s probably best to not,” Goro said. “They don’t look very nice in the yard either.”
“Okay,” Nanako said. She stared glumly at the bucket of weeds. “I feel bad for them, though.
They just want to grow like all the other plants.”
Goro couldn’t decide if he wanted to smile or frown. “Weeds belong in the wild.”
“Could you take them to the wild, then?” Nanako said. “Big Bro went camping in the
mountains. And I think my mom and dad took me camping a long, long time ago. The weeds
would like it there.”
What could Goro do? Say no?
“Alright,” Goro sighed. “I’ll deliver the weeds to the campground.”
Nanako’s smile and small bow made it worth it. “Thank you very much!”
Sun Arcana: Rank 2

Goro called Akira later that night. “Kurusu-kun, we haven’t seen each other much this
summer.”
“Oh, no, we haven’t,” Akira said apologetically. “My parents have been home from work
more over the summer, so I’ve been spending more time with them. And there’s summer
homework. Sorry.”
“It’s no issue,” Goro said. “I just thought we should spend some time together. I heard that
the campgrounds near the mountains are available to rent.”

“I don’t know if my parents would be willing to drive me up there,” Akira said. “They’re still
really busy.”
“Well, I’d be willing to pay for the campground, but I’m afraid that I don’t have a means of
transportation either.” Goro injected fake disappointment in his voice. “I suppose the idea
was silly.”
“I can ask my uncle,” Akira offered. “He might be willing to drive us up there. But are you
sure about paying? That’s probably not cheap.”
“I can afford it,” Goro assured him. “And don’t feel obligated to call your uncle if you’re not
comfortable.”
“No, no, I want to,” Akira said. There was a small pause. “Camping sounds fun.”
“I’m glad you think so,” Goro said. It was hard to be genuine over the phone, especially
when the whole purpose of the call had a manipulative nature. “Tell me what your uncle says,
and then I can rent a spot.”
“Right.”
Goro hung up. While he was calling about vacation plans, he’d best try to find someone who
could drive the team to the beach. Someone who wouldn’t drive into Inaba in a limousine.
He called Junpei.
“Hey, Goro-kun!” Junpei said cheerfully. “What’s up?”
“Nothing much,” Goro said flippantly. “I’m just trying to track down a serial killer. How has
your baseball team been?”
“Man, you really have a way of bringing down the mood,” Junpei said. “But I’ve been doing
alright. We won our most recent game, you know. I’m really proud of them.”
“You’re a good teammate,” Goro said.
“Ha. That actually means a lot, coming from you. But something tells me that this isn’t just a
social call.”
“You would be right,” Goro admitted. “My team wants to go to the beach, but none of us
have a driver’s license.”
“Are my ears deceiving me? Are you inviting me to the beach?”
“I doubt it will be as nice as Yakushima.”
“Who cares, man? The beach is the beach.”
“You have to be willing to drive eight children,” Goro said. “Do you even have a vehicle with
that much seating?”

“I drive my team around in my van all the time,” Junpei said. “You guys will be nothing.”
Goro let out a small breath of relief. “Thank you, Junpei. You’re a life saver.”
“My favorite thing to be,” Junpei said. “Actually, while we’re on the topic of saving your life,
prepare yourself for a surprise visit from Ryoji and Minato sometime this month.”
“What, do they intend to kill me?”
“With kindness, maybe,” Junpei said. “I know how you don’t like being caught off guard,
though, so now you know.” He put on an excessively spooky voice. “Prepare yourself~”
“Hilarious,” Goro said.

“You’re visiting Goro-kun?” Ken asked in alarm.
Summer vacation was full of opportunities to visit old friends. Ryoji and Minato had agreed
to meet him at Wild Duck Burger, which Ken refused to admit was still one of his favorite
restaurants in Iwatodai.
“It’s a surprise,” Ryoji said. His face screwed up in concentration as he tried to fold his
napkin. “Don’t tell him.”
“So he didn’t invite you?”
“Does Goro really strike you as the kind of person to invite us places?” Minato asked. He
took a large bite out of his burger. “He’s so closed off that he barely texts to remind us he’s
alive.”
“That’s because you never initiate the texts,” Ryoji said. “I always text first, so my
correspondence with him is very good. And Fuuka said that she delivered my good luck
charm.”
Goro and Ken texted each other almost every other day, but Ken wasn’t sure that’d be
appropriate to tell Minato and Ryoji. It might come off as bragging. Which sucked, because
Ken was ready to complain about how little he heard from Goro. A few texts a day and the
occasional phone call was nothing compared to how much time they used to spend together.
“Do you think he’s actually doing okay there?” Ken asked. “Maybe he’s miserable, and he
doesn’t want to tell us. Or maybe there’s another group like Strega that’s threatening him,
or… I don’t know.”
“You could ask him,” Minato said. “He trusts you.”
“Are you kidding?” Ken asked. Goro was one of his best friends, of course, but that didn’t
mean that Goro was going to tell him all his secrets. As a matter of fact, Goro was one of
those types who kept his secrets closer to his chest around the people he cared about. “If he
thought it would put me in danger, he would die before telling me.”

“That’s actually a fair point,” Ryoji said, crumpling up his half-folded napkin and tossing it
onto his plate.
Ken stared at his half-eaten burger. He wasn’t hungry anymore. “Do you think we could
convince him to come back?”
Minato swallowed the last bite of his burger. “Come back?”
“To Iwatodai,” Ken said. “To the Shadow Operatives. We have our fair share of danger, so
it’s not like he can say he wants an adventure. And he has friends here. And it’s safer.”
“He has friends in Inaba too,” Minato said.
“Does that mean he has to forget all about us?”
“Have you forgotten about Goro because he’s away?” Ryoji asked.
“Well, no,” Ken said.
“Then, I doubt he’s forgotten about you.”
"But he’s busy solving murders in this town miles away, and I’m just doing school and
occasionally helping you guys out on missions.” Ken took a sip of his soda glumly. “And his
long-lost future friend is there, so… oh, forget it.”
“Maybe you should talk to him about this,” Minato said.
“He already said he didn’t intend on replacing me,” Ken said. “But I already feel more distant
from him than ever.”
“Sometimes friends grow apart,” Ryoji said. “But that doesn’t mean the bond you had isn’t
still there.”
No offense, but was Ryoji really the authority on this? He literally lived inside of Minato for
ten years, and now he lived with Minato in real life. When had Ryoji grown apart from
anyone?
“Doesn’t it?” Ken asked. “I mean, we need him here. Shinjiro is… is really sick. And he’s not
here to be with him.”
“People are dying in Inaba,” Minato said quietly. “Goro had to make a choice.”
“Well, maybe he made the wrong decision!” Ken slammed his hands against the table and
swallowed back the urge to scream in frustration.
“Then how about this?” Ryoji offered. “You can come with us on our surprise visit. You’ll be
our surprise guest in our surprise visit. And then you can air out your grievances.”
“This is a lot of surprise,” Minato said, glancing at Ryoji uneasily.

Well… it didn’t necessarily sound like a bad idea. Except for maybe the surprise within a
surprise part.
“What if Goro’s in the middle of something?” Ken asked. “I don’t want him to be
uncomfortable.”
“It’ll be fine,” Ryoji said cheerfully.
“Don’t worry,” Minato whispered later as they walked some of the way back home together.
“Junpei told me he already warned Goro. So now you’re just a surprise guest.”
Some of the anxiety within Ken loosened. He didn’t want Goro to be annoyed with him on
top of being more distant with him. “Great.”

While the team took a brief break from forcing their way through the final levels of Kubo’s
dungeon, Goro stepped inside the Velvet Room to see if he had any chance of fusing better
personas. He could at least give some skill cards to Marie and improve his persona’s abilities.
Unfortunately, Marie didn’t seem to be inside the Velvet Room when he entered. Margaret
and Igor smiled perfectly passively, but Theodore glanced at the ground with his famous
anxious expression.
Goro followed Theodore’s line of vision and spotted a small, folded piece of paper sitting on
the ground. Goro picked it up and unfolded it. The handwriting wasn’t anyone he recognized.
The contents of the paper itself was a short poem about the speaker being metaphorically
killed by someone they cared about. Goro stared at it in blank confusion before looking up at
the others.
“Is this yours?” Goro asked Theodore.
“Oh, no,” Theodore said. “I believe it’s Marie-chan’s. She doesn’t like anyone looking at her
work, so I didn’t want to pick it up in case I accidentally caught a glimpse.”
“If she’s so protective over her work–”
“Give that to me!” Marie appeared from behind him and yanked the piece of paper from
Goro’s grasp. Her face was bright red. “Where did you get that?”
“I found it on the floor,” Goro said. “You should really take better care of your stuff.”
“But I put it away!” Marie looked like she was on the verge of tears, but her face hardened
into anger. “Don’t you ever read my poems again.”
“I won’t,” Goro said. “I didn’t realize it was yours.”
“Oh. Good.” She put the piece of paper into her pocket. Goro hadn’t even realized there were
pockets in her skirt. “And tell Yu-kun to stop picking up pieces of paper he sees lying on the
ground! It’s invasive!”

“I’ll be sure to tell him that,” Goro said. “Do your poems often find themselves sprawled on
the ground?”
“I don’t want to talk about it.”
Marie sat down next to Theodore, crossing her arms with a huff. Theodore looked extremely
flustered by Marie’s irritated attitude. Margaret wore a knowing smile. Goro wondered if she
had anything to do with this. If she was, what the hell was she trying to accomplish?
Goro requested Marie help him with a few skill cards and left swiftly thereafter. Goro
wouldn’t have been able to cut through the tension in that car with a meat cleaver.

When they finally reached the final floor of Kubo’s dungeon, neither the shadow nor Kubo
seemed to notice them.
Kubo’s shadow stared blankly in the void, saying nothing at all. Kubo, on the other hand, was
shouting at his shadow.
“Everybody gets on my nerves!” He slashed his hand through the air. “That’s why I did it!
What do you think of that? Say something dammit!”
The shadow said nothing. It stared blankly ahead at the rest of the group. Kubo continued to
ignore them.
“Nobody even thought of me after the first two people! That’s why I killed the third one! I
killed them!”
“You bastard!” Kanji shouted. “You killed people just for attention?”
Kubo finally turned toward them. “And so what if I did? I hate everyone. They should all just
disappear!”
The shadow still wasn’t saying anything. Chie turned toward Yu with a fully dismayed
expression. “Which one is even the shadow?”
“The one with the yellow eyes, duh,” Yosuke said. “But why isn’t it saying anything?”
“I feel nothing,” the shadow said. Kubo turned back toward the shadow with a confused
expression.
“What are you talking about?” Kubo demanded.
“I have nothing,” the shadow continued. “I am nothing. And you are me.”
“That’s not true!” Kubo shouted. “I’m not nothing!”
“If this keeps up…” Yukiko said. “Please, don’t argue with it!”

Kubo turned back toward them. His expression was a mixture of confusion and rage. “Who
even are you guys? How did you get here?”
“You’re asking this now?” Yosuke asked. “We’ve been here for at least five minutes!”
“We came after you!” Kanji shouted.
“Are you the one who killed those people? Who kidnapped us?” Rise asked.
Kubo began to laugh. “That’s right! I killed those people! I kidnapped whoever got in my
way! I’m the one responsible!”
“Actually, we wanted to hear it from your shadow,” Goro said.
The shadow stared blankly at him. “I–”
“Why should you give a damn what this thing says?” Kubo interrupted. “It’s just some
freakish imposter! It’s got nothing to do with me!”
“Just great,” Chie muttered.
“So, you don’t accept me,” the shadow said.
“What–” Kubo passed out. The shadow turned into a floating baby, which constructed a
pixelated shell of a video game hero around itself.
The battle was hellish. The shadow kept reconstructing its outershell, making it extremely
difficult to actually do any damage.
Something the shadow said stuck with Goro, though.
“I need proof that I exist! That’s why… I have to kill you!”
Not only did it prove that Kubo definitely had murderous intent within him, but it gave Goro
very clear image to his motive. Proof of existence.
Is this what he sounded like to Akira? A child desperate to sound like he was in control? A
rampaging killer who only wanted attention?
Goro couldn’t worry about it now. He wasn’t that person anymore, and he needed to stay
focused on helping the others.
When they finally cut down the shadow’s extreme form, it melted back into its mirror image
of Kubo. The real Kubo woke up and got back to his feet.
“Ugh,” he said. “Who the hell even are you guys?”
“We came to talk to you,” Yu said.
“No,” Goro snapped. “We came to talk to your shadow.”

“What if we just asked both of them?” Yosuke said. “The police think you’re responsible for
all of the murders. So? Did you kill Yamano and Konishi-senpai? And Morooka too?”
“I need… to exist,” the shadow said.
Kubo laughed. “That’s right! I killed them!”
“You piece of shit!” Kanji snarled.
As Kubo continued to boast of his killings, his shadow disappeared into a puff of red and
black smoke. Goro stared at the now empty space in confusion. Had Kubo subconsciously
accepted his shadow? Did that make what Kubo was saying true?
“W-where’d it go?” Rise asked.
“It’s gone,” Kubo said, still laughing. “That monster is gone. Take– take that.”
And then Kubo passed out on the dirt ground.

They dragged him out of the TV world and handed him over to the cops. Even when they had
tried to question him in Junes, Kubo gave them next to no additional information. He only
continued to insist that he was the one who killed all three victims.
Goro noted that he was extremely confused when they pulled him out of the television. He
showed no indication he understood that people could enter and exit televisions, even though
that was theoretically his primary murder method.
As the police took Kubo away, Yosuke went up to Goro.
“Do you think that he killed them?” Yosuke asked. “I mean, there’s plenty of evidence
pointing him to Morooka, but do you think he killed Konishi-senpai?”
“What do you think?” Goro asked.
“I don’t know,” Yosuke admitted. “I really don’t want him to have been the one who killed
them. To think that Konishi-senpai would have died to such a bastard… just for attention. It
makes me so angry.”
Just for attention.
Pitiful.
“If it’s any comfort to you,” Goro said slowly. “I really don’t find it likely. He didn’t seem to
understand the TV world in the slightest, and he clearly wanted to be acknowledged for his
crimes. Why hadn’t he come forward months ago?”
“I don’t know,” Yosuke said quietly. “Is it wrong that I don’t want him to be the killer? Is it
wrong that I want the person who killed Konishi-senpai to be…”

“Noble?” Goro couldn’t keep the bitterness out of his voice. “There’s nothing noble about
killing people. If you’re looking for some tragic hero, you’re going to be sorely
disappointed.”
“I know that.” Yosuke glared at the sky. “It’s not nobility I want. I want something more
gratifying than just some attention seeking asshole. I want her death to mean more than that.
Maybe she confronted the killer, and he decided to get rid of her. Or maybe he targeted her
because she knew something—Oh my god, what am I saying?” Yosuke put his head in his
hands and released a shaky breath.
Goro didn’t say anything. The image of his mother, Akira, Takeharu, and Chidori’s deaths
were in the forefront of his mind. Had any of their deaths really meant anything? His mother
had lost against the demons inside her head, ones spawned out of the horrors of her situation.
Akira hadn’t really died at all, but he might as well have been sacrificing himself for his
teammates. Takeharu was trying to save them all from Ikutsuki. Chidori died protecting
Junpei.
But even when they sacrificed their lives for others, it wasn’t their deaths that had meant
anything at all. It was how they chose to spend the very last moments of their lives that really
mattered. They sacrificed their lives. Not their deaths.
Had Goro used the last moments of his first life well? Was he sacrificing himself for the
whole? Or was he like his mother, unable to fight the urge to run away, unable to win against
his own ugly thoughts?
It was the latter. He had wasted his life up until the very end. He wanted his death to at least
make it look like he had tried to choose good, rather than face the consequences of his
actions.
“Yosuke-kun,” Goro said. “Death is never anything but a tragedy. It doesn’t matter why
someone killed someone. Or how that person died. It’s never noble, or beautiful, or filled
with any meaning. It’s vile, and sickening, and rips out a part of you that is never going to
come back.”
Yosuke’s eyes widened. He looked at Goro with a silent sort of grief.
“This killer you’re trying to find… you’re never going to find him,” Goro said. “He could tell
you that he killed Konishi because he wanted to save the world, and you’re not going to be
satisfied. It’s never going to make it okay. Your anger isn’t going to fade.”
“You’re probably right,” Yosuke said. His voice cracked. “But if that’s true, what am I meant
to do? How am I meant to get past this?”
Goro laughed bitterly. “You’re asking the wrong person for that.”
“But you know, right?” Yosuke looked at Goro pleadingly. “I don’t know everything you’ve
been through, but you’ve experienced loss. And you’re still here. You smile, and you spend
time with us. How do you do it?”

“You make it sound like you spend every second of the day moping,” Goro said. “You’re one
of the most lighthearted people in the entire group.”
“Well, I thought maybe pretending I was okay would make it true,” Yosuke said. “But seeing
Kubo brag about the death. I… I don’t think I can keep this up.”
“Then don’t,” Goro said bluntly. “Someone died, Yosuke. Nobody is asking you to pretend to
be okay.”
“Maybe you’re not,” Yosuke said.
“If anyone here begrudges you for being upset, then they’re not worth your time,” Goro
snapped. “Do you think grief is this easy process you just cruise through in a month and then
never think about again? I still think about my mother, and she’s been dead for years. The
pain never goes away. It’s just a question of dealing with it.”
“That’s comforting.”
“It’s up to you to choose how you handle your loss,” Goro said. “Just try not to make the
same mistakes I have.”
“Right.” Yosuke nodded, and his face hardened to resolve. “We just want to stop the killer
from hurting anybody else. I can’t get distracted by revenge.”
“Hey, Yosuke!” Yu called from a distance. He raised his eyebrows at the two of them. “Are
you okay?”
Yosuke grinned and winked. “Yeah, I’m fine. No need to worry about us.” He turned toward
Goro. “Let’s keep this conversation between us, yeah? I don’t want to worry Yu-kun.”
“I don’t think Yu would mind,” Goro said.
“He’s got enough on his plate,” Yosuke insisted. “Promise me.”
Goro couldn’t argue with that. “Fine. I won’t tell him.”
“Thanks.” Yosuke’s grin looked a little more genuine. “I really appreciate it.”
Magician Arcana: Rank 3

Chapter End Notes

Next chapter is omelets. I love the omelets.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 57: August 9–11, 2011
Chapter Summary

The chapter in which puberty makes middle school-aged boys behave slightly
irrationally
Also omelettes

Chapter Notes

tw: ptsd, implied/referenced child abuse, referenced death, self-deprecation

See the end of the chapter for more notes

They decided to celebrate turning Kubo into the police.
“He might not have been the original culprit, but he is a killer,” Yukiko said where they were
gathered in the Junes electronics section. “I think we should be able to celebrate that there’s
one less killer walking free.”
Somehow, the agreement to cook dinner turned into a cooking competition in which Nanako
would be the judge. Goro wasn’t sure if they were wise to be putting Nanako’s tastebuds at
risk in such a way.
“So we have Yu, Yukiko, Chie, and Rise competing,” Kanji said, writing the names down in a
small notebook as they walked to the produce section. “Maybe we should have different
categories of judging, and one of them can be Nanako’s preference.”
“Are you kidding?” Chie asked. “What other category is there besides taste?”
“There’s presentation,” Teddie said. “That’s why I always take an hour each day to style my
hair.”
“Yeah, and you use all of the hair gel in the entire house,” Yosuke said. “I’m not paying for
your hair exploits anymore.”
Teddie looked up at Yu pleadingly. “Sensei, Yosuke-kun’s bullying me.”
“I’m staying out of this,” Yu said. “Don’t worry, Kanji. Nanako’s opinion is all I need to win
this.”

“Relying on nepotism for victory?” Goro asked. “I thought better of you.”
“That’s a good point,” Rise said. “Senpai can’t compete if his little sister is the judge! That’s
not fair at all!” A teasing smile crawled across her face. “I’ll be the judge, and then Senpai
will cook just for me.”
“You’re competing too, genius,” Kanji said. “You can’t judge your own cooking.”
“Oh, right,” Rise said. “Well, what are we meant to do, then?”
“I guess Yu’s out of the race,” Yosuke said. “But also, I don’t know if I trust you three to
cook something more than edible.”
“Akechi-kun’s a pretty good cook,” Chie said. “Why doesn’t he compete?”
“I think you all severely overestimate my cooking skills.”
“I think you’re severely overestimating their cooking skills,” Yosuke said. “Sure, their curry
was fine, but it was a few steps away from being completely tasteless. And that was with Yu
helping them.”
“You are so mean,” Chie snapped. “Fine. I want Akechi-kun on my team if he’s not going to
cook for himself.”
“We’re doing teams now?” Yu asked.
“That’s cheating!” Rise protested.
They finally agreed that Goro, Rise, Yukiko, and Chie would compete. Yu would serve as the
taste tester to make sure that Nanako wouldn’t die a painful death from food poisoning. If Yu
survived, Nanako could taste the food.
Upon Yu calling her, Nanako requested an omelet for dinner. As the others grabbed
ingredients, Goro had a bout of self-doubt and called Shinjiro.
“Shinjiro, I’m having a cooking competition with my teammates, and I need a reminder on
omelet making techniques.”
“I just had so many issues with that sentence,” Shinjiro said. “Would it kill you to call your
teammates friends? You literally made a birthday cake for one of them a month ago.”
“This isn’t about that,” Goro snapped. “Will you or will you not help me with this omelet?”
“I don’t know,” Shinjiro said. “That sounds like cheating to me. And if you don’t know how
to cook your own omelet, then you’re truly lost. Figure it out yourself.”
“One of the contestants is literally trying to bribe our leader into helping her,” Goro said,
glancing at Rise promising Yu a million different kinds of autographs. Yu’s expression was
completely unmoved.

“And is he caving?”
“Well, no.”
“Then, I don’t think that I should either. Have fun.”
Shinjiro hung up. Furious at how unhelpful Shinjiro could be, Goro texted Ken.
Akechi Goro: whats your favorite type of omelet
Amada Ken: Ketchup
Akechi Goro: im not doing that you heathen
Amada Ken: Emiko says soy sauce and rice in case u were wondering
Amada Ken: r u making us breakfast
Akechi Goro: come to inaba and then well talk
Amada Ken: noted
Well, just because Goro knew what to make, it didn’t mean he knew exactly how to make it.
Goro took a deep breath and closed his eyes. Shinjiro was right, though. Omelets were easy.
He didn’t need help to create a simple omelet.

The team crowded around Yu’s kitchen, practically elbowing each other to make space to
prepare their omelets. Why did they decide to have four people cook simultaneously in the
same small kitchen? The only blessing was that Dojima wasn’t there to lecture them on the
mess.
When they were done, the team gathered around the small table in Yu’s living room. Nanako
looked slightly overwhelmed to see so many people in her house at the same time, staring at
the four omelet dishes with wide eyes.
“Well, they all kind of look like omelets,” Yosuke said reluctantly.
“Why is one of them red?” Kanji asked.
“That one’s mine,” Rise said proudly. Goro wasn’t sure she should be proud of having a
bright red omelet. “You should try it first, Senpai.”
Yu gulped. Goro could hear him whisper, “This is for Nanako,” underneath his breath as he
took a bite of the mystery omelet.
Almost immediately, Yu’s face contorted. He lurched forward and seized Kanji’s glass of
water. Kanji cried out in alarm as Yu gulped down the entire drink.
“You just stole my water!” Kanji exclaimed.

Yu wiped his mouth with his sleeve and grimaced. “You can have mine,” he said. “Sorry. And
we can’t give this to Nanako.”
“It’s just so good that you have to keep it all to yourself?” Rise asked hopefully.
“It’s so spicy that I think my mouth is bleeding,” Yu said.
“I bet you wish you hadn’t gloated so much before, huh?” Chie asked. “Here, Yu, you can try
mine as a palate cleanser.”
Yu clearly regretted ever being Nanako’s taste tester. He took a bite of Chie’s omelet with a
look of pure resignation. His face twisted in disgust.
“Oh, this is awful.”
“Really? Can I try?” Teddie leaned across the table and took a bite of his own. His eyes
widened. “He’s right. It really is awful! You should try it too, Yosuke.”
“I think I’ll just trust you guys,” Yosuke said. “It was a good try, Chie.”
“Oh, I’d like to have seen you do better!” Chie snapped. “Why don’t you compete? Is it
because you know you’d do worse?”
“Um, it’s because I can admit that I don’t know how to cook,” Yosuke said. “I don’t really
think that’s the same thing.”
“He has a point, Chie,” Yukiko said.
“Aren’t you meant to be on my side?”
Before anyone could tell her not to, Nanako ate a piece of Chie’s omelet. She put on the
fakest smile Goro had ever seen on her.
“It tastes good,” she said.
“Thank you, Nanako-chan!” Chie said. “I knew someone would see things my way.”
“You don’t have to lie, Nanako-chan,” Kanji said. “Nobody will be angry.”
Nanako just continued to smile as she swallowed Chie’s food. She didn’t come in for another
bite.
“Let’s just get Yukiko’s over with,” Yu said.
“How do you know mine’s going to be bad?” Yukiko demanded. “Maybe Goro’s is going to
be completely inedible.”
“I watched him cook,” Yu said. “He was the most intentional out of all of you.”
“Maybe we should have let Nanako compete,” Goro said. “Didn’t she say she knew how to
make an omelet?”

“Yeah, but then we would have had a clear winner,” Kanji said. “Where’s the fun in that?”
Nanako giggled.
Yukiko’s omelet was completely tasteless. Nanako insisted upon trying it too, and she once
again said that it tasted good. Not even Yukiko believed her, although she was obviously
touched by the gesture.
When it came to Goro’s omelet, Yu’s expression of pure relief when he ate his preliminary
bite was enough indication to know that it wasn’t awful, at least.
“That’s actually pretty good,” Yu said. “You have my blessing to eat this one, Nanako-chan.”
“Yay!” Nanako then proceeded to eat the entire omelet. When she was done, she looked up at
Goro and said, “That was really good!”
“Clearly,” Yosuke said.
“Don’t worry, Big Bro,” Nanako said. “You make them better. Akechi-san gets second
place.”
“What?!” Chie exclaimed, “But he wasn’t even competing!”
“In a shocking twist, Nana-chan choses Sensei to be our winner!” Teddie said in a faux
announcer voice. “But perhaps we should have seen this coming all along!”
“Well congratulations, Senpai,” Rise said. “I guess your prize was being able to eat
something. I’m still starving.”
They ended up ordering a pizza for dinner instead.

Late that night, when Goro was back in the silence of his room with nothing but his thoughts,
he sat up from his futon and grabbed his phone.
He couldn’t stop thinking about what Kubo’s shadow had said. What Yosuke had said.
“I need to prove I exist!”
“…Just for attention. It makes me so angry.”
Goro began to slowly input numbers, his hand shaking with each new button press.
“All this is to make Shido Masayoshi, my father, acknowledge me.”
Goro might have ripped up Tsuyoshi’s piece of paper, but he didn’t need that to know Shido’s
phone number. He’d had it memorized for years; Tsuyoshi’s gift only served to jog his
memory.

Goro pulled his knees to his chest and stared at the completed phone number. His thumb
hovered over the call button.
But what would he even say?
“I hate you and hope you die one day?”
“I know that murder isn’t the answer anymore, so I’m calling you to make you aware of my
existence and how much I hate you?”
What would it even accomplish? Shido barely knew Goro existed. That was a good thing.
Goro didn’t want Shido to notice him, didn’t want to make the same mistakes as last time.
Didn’t want to become the sort of person Yosuke hated. Not again.
So why was he awake, holding his phone, thinking about the man that he never wanted to
speak to again?
Because some teenager reminded him of himself?
Because deep down… had Goro ever changed at all? Or was he the same as he always was,
desperate to be seen, desperate to be known by a person who could never, would never love
him?
Goro took a deep breath.
And deleted the phone number.
He opened his contacts instead and found Shinjiro’s number. He hesitated for only a second
before pressing call.
Shinjiro responded almost immediately.
“Don’t tell me you’re making food in the middle of the night,” he said.
“You shouldn’t be awake right now,” Goro said hoarsely.
“Pot, meet kettle.” Shinjiro’s voice softened. “What’s up?”
“I…” Goro rested his forehead against his knees and tried to find his voice. “I was just bored.
That’s all.”
A snort. “Right.”
“Shinjiro?” Goro said abruptly, his voice cracking embarrassingly.
“Yeah?”
“Do people change?” Goro whispered. “Really, truly change? Or do we all just… get better at
self-control?”

“I… guess that depends on your definition of change,” Shinjiro said. “Is this about you?
Because if I said it once, I’ve said it a million times—”
“I know,” Goro said. “It’s just… I just…”
“You just?”
“If I didn’t have you guys, would things be any different?” Goro ran his fingers through his
hair and wished almost desperately to be having this conversation face to face. To see
Shinjiro’s expression. But then Shinjiro would see how pathetic Goro was, so maybe it was
better that he wasn’t there. “Or would I just make all the same horrible decisions I made last
time, all so that Shido would…”
Suffer? See him? Both?
“I mean, maybe,” Shinjiro said. “But does it matter?”
“Doesn’t it?”
“Goro, having a support system that helps you become a better version of yourself is a good
thing. I’m pretty sure you helped teach me that.”
“But I’m supposed to be better,” Goro hissed. “Yu was alone, and he didn’t start killing
people. If I were alone…”
“You and Yu are two different people in two very different circumstances,” Shinjiro said
firmly. “None of us are inherently good, you know. If you surround yourself with negative
influences, you’re not gonna turn out great yourself.”
“No,” Goro said heavily. “I guess not.”
“You have friends now,” Shinjiro said. “And teammates. You’re not going to make the same
mistakes again, so please, don’t freak out about what-ifs.”
“If something happens…” Goro’s eyes burned. “… I don’t want to become that person
again.”
“Goro,” Shinjiro said softly. “You won’t, okay? Now, please. Go to sleep. You’ll feel better in
the morning.”
“Okay,” Goro whispered. “Okay.”
“Good. Look, I’m glad you talked to me about this, alright? If something like that bothers
you again, please talk to us.”
“I will.” Goro took a deep breath. “Goodnight, Shinjiro.”
“Night.”

Junpei’s prophecy of Ryoji and Minato visiting came true that morning.
“Akechi-kun!” Tatsumi called that morning. “Your friends are here to visit!”
Goro hurried out of his room and found Ryoji, Minato, and, to his genuine surprise, Ken,
standing awkwardly inside the textile shop. Ryoji was inspecting the various fabrics with
genuine interest, but Ken brightened visibly upon seeing Goro.
“Goro-kun!” he said. “Surprised to see me?”
“I am, actually,” Goro said. “Junpei only warned me of those two.”
Ryoji turned toward them with a look of betrayal. “Junpei told you?”
“Whoops,” Goro said dispassionately. Minato patted Ryoji’s shoulder comfortingly.
Something that almost felt like a genuine smile spread across Goro’s face. “It really is good
to see you three.”
“It should be,” Ken said. “I know you showed me around before, but I was hoping you’d
know more of the sights this time.”
“Well, there is a coffee shop I wanted to show Minato,” Goro said. “Did you know that
disgusting Chagall Coffee is in Okina City?”
“Is that near here?” Ken asked.
“It’s somewhat close by,” Goro said. “It’s your only way of seeing a movie.”
“Oh, did you see that new one?” Ken asked. “Cake Knight?”
“Don’t tell me you’ve seen it too.”
“How could I not?” Ken demanded. “Everyone at school can’t stop talking about it. I can’t
decide if they think it’s the most hilarious or amazing thing they’ve ever seen.”
“I think it’s amazing that it ever got a sequel.”
Ken’s eyes gleamed. “It’s getting a sequel?”
“In 2016,” Goro said.
All of the joy in Ken’s expression immediately crashed down. “Are you kidding me? That’s
five years from now!”
“I’m well aware. This might come as a shock to you,” Goro said, “but I know how to do
math.”
“Well, it’s something to look forward to,” Ryoji said.
“Goro learning math?” Minato asked.

“No, the movie!” Ryoji grinned and winked. “Although, I do look forward to the day that
Goro-kun finally knows how to count.”
“Since I don’t know how to count, I guess one of you will be paying for coffee in my stead,”
Goro said. “What a shame.”
After they went and ordered coffee, Ryoji folded an origami rose from one of their napkins.
“I finally did it!” Ryoji cheered, holding up his rose victoriously.
“Congratulations,” Minato said.
“I’m hoping to make a career out of origami,” Ryoji said. “I know before I only did cranes,
but then I realized you could fold a lot of different things.”
“What can you fold?” Goro asked.
“A crane, a swan, a paper airplane, and a rose,” Ryoji said.
“You should fold a paper airplane and throw it at one of these people drinking coffee,” Ken
said jokingly.
“That’s a terrible idea,” Minato said. “Don’t do it, Ryoji.”
Teddie would have totally done it. Ryoji was fortunately old enough to have the emotional
maturity not to.
After they drank their coffee, they stepped outside into the shopping district. Minato grabbed
Ryoji and said loudly, “I think I saw origami paper being sold at one of these shops. We
should check it out.”
“Oh, okay,” Ryoji said. He glanced at Ken and Goro, and a look of understanding crossed his
face. Goro just wasn’t quite sure what he was understanding. “Oh. Yeah, I’d love to check it
out. Let’s go.”
The two of them walked away. Goro felt very anxious all of a sudden.
“That was subtle,” Goro said.
Ken stared at the ground with an uncomfortable expression. “Yeah.”
“Is there something wrong?” The question was more of a formality than anything else. It was
obvious that something was wrong.
“Is there anything I can say to convince you to come back home?” Ken asked quietly.
The words didn’t come as a surprise. Goro still found himself at a loss for what he was meant
to say.
“You can certainly try,” Goro said. “But I’m not going to be easily persuaded.”

Ken gave him a dirty look, but it melted into something closer to sadness. “What if I said that
I missed you? It’s lonely in the dorms without you.”
“Ken-kun, this was going to happen eventually. Everyone goes their separate ways.”
“Not everyone,” Ken said. “Akihiko and Shinjiro live together. So do Minato and Ryoji. We
could have done that when we graduated too.”
“No, we couldn’t have,” Goro said. “I’m going to be in Tokyo in my final year of high
school. You’ve always known that.”
“I could go to Tokyo too,” Ken snapped. “Why are you always going places on your own?
Why can’t we help?”
“I was under the impression that everyone else has their own lives to contend with,” Goro
said. “Would you like to drop everything and move to an entirely new place without any
friends?”
“You’d be there.” Ken glared. “Besides, that’s exactly what you did here. You just moved to a
town where you knew nobody! And you got kidnapped within the week!”
“Is that what this is about?” Goro asked. “Do you think I’m not equipped to handle myself?”
“Don’t be ridiculous.” Ken crossed his arms. “Not everything has to be about you, you
know.”
“I’m not trying to make it about me.” Goro inhaled sharply. “People are dying. I can’t leave
that behind in good conscience.”
“And what if you die?” Ken asked. “What then?”
“I won’t die.”
“You don’t know that.” Ken’s voice softened. He looked like he was about to cry. “Hasn’t our
time with SEES taught you anything? Death just happens! You never know that you’re going
to survive. So why are you putting yourself in a place where you’re more likely to get
killed?”
“We’re being careful,” Goro said. “And you work with the shadow operatives. Don’t you risk
your life with them?”
“That’s different.”
“How? How is that any different from what I’m doing here?”
“Because I have the others,” Ken said. “I have Mitsuru, and Akihiko, and everyone else.”
“And I have my own team,” Goro said. “They’re more inexperienced, yes, but they’re not
helpless. I’m not going into the metaverse on my own without any backup.”

Not yet, at least.
“Maybe not,” Ken said. He looked away. “Look, I know I’m being a dick. I know why you’re
choosing to stay here. But… I’m still frustrated with you, and I don’t know why.”
“I can’t tell you why you’re mad at me.”
“I think I’m just… scared,” Ken said. “And maybe a little jealous. I mean, you can move to a
completely different place and just make friends. You’re solving mysteries, and saving lives,
and I’m just doing school at Iwatodai until the next mission. My only friend is still Emiko.”
Goro remembered being jealous of Akira. Hell, he remembered being jealous of Ken. Of
having relatives who at least gave enough of a damn to not force him into the foster system.
The idea that anyone could be jealous of Goro– the real Goro, not the detective prince– was
almost absurd.
It pissed him off.
“If you like the sound of my life so much, we could always switch places,” Goro said. “That
way, I could at least get a taste of what it’s like to have a mother who had the means to
properly provide for me. You can have the evil father.”
Ken looked like he was considering throttling Goro. “That’s not fair. Your father might be
one of the worst people on earth, but at least you know who he is! I don’t have a clue!”
“You don’t have to remember what it’s like killing for the man who should have cared about
you!”
“Oh, well, in that case, I guess I’ll forget how I was fully prepared to kill Shinjiro, right?!”
“At least you never went through with it!”
The two of them paused for breath. Goro tried to contain his rage. His life was hell. Why was
Ken even trying to compare sides?
“You’re acting like this has to be a competition,” Ken said exhaustedly.
“It’s not.” Goro grit his teeth. “I’m not discounting your trauma. I’m just telling you that you
don’t want mine.”
“I never said I wanted it,” Ken said. He sat down on a nearby bench. “I want what you have
that I don’t. Friends. Knowing where you came from. Self-assurance.”
Oh.
Goro felt some of his anger drain out of him, and shame swiftly took its place. Why did he
jump to conclusions so quickly? Why’d he immediately assume that Ken thought every facet
of his life was enviable?

“I can’t help you with friends.” Goro sat down next to Ken. “But you don’t need to know
who your father is to give him the middle finger. He never bothered to find you. Don’t go
trying to find him.”
“If I tell you something, do you promise not to get mad again?” Ken asked.
“I’ll do my best.”
“Good enough.” Ken sighed. “Sometimes… I wonder if we could be siblings.”
Goro wasn’t mad. Surprised was a better term for it. The worst part was that he wouldn't even
be surprised if it turned out that he was Ken’s half sibling. Goro knew he probably had many
residing in Tokyo and Iwatodai.
Goro’s surprised expression must have looked angry, because Ken’s expression tensed. “I’m
not saying that I want Shido as a father. I just… it would be nice to know that I still had some
living family that cared about me.”
“We could always do a DNA test,” Goro said, even though he had a feeling that wasn’t Ken’s
point. “But it doesn’t matter if we’re siblings or not. You’re always going to be one of my
best friends.”
Ken snorted. “That was so cheesy.”
“You looked like you needed it.”
“Maybe I did.” Ken gave Goro a weary smile. “I’m sorry for ruining my visit. I know you
probably didn’t want this.”
“You weren’t the only one who got shit off of his chest,” Goro said. “I shouldn’t have gotten
so angry.”
“I understand why you did.” Ken clasped his hands together. “There’s another reason. For
why I want you to come back to Iwatodai.”
“Yes?”
“It’s Shinjiro,” Ken said. Goro tensed. “He’s getting worse, Goro. What if he… you know…
and you’re not there?”
Ken wasn’t alone in his worries. Goro had lost plenty of sleep wondering what would happen
if Shinjiro suddenly got worse, if Goro wasn’t there to say goodbye.
“Ken, listen to me,” Goro said firmly. “When Shinjiro reaches critical condition, I will drop
everything to come back to Iwatodai. It doesn’t matter what’s happening. I’m going to be
there.”
Goro cared about Shinjiro too much to not be by his side in his final moments. It would be
more than Goro had been able to do for his mother.

“Is that a promise?” Ken asked.
“I swear.”

Ryoji, Minato, and Ken left as the sun began to set. Goro returned to the Tatsumi residence
feeling extremely exhausted. Outside of his and Ken’s argument, he did have a good time.
However, any shopping spree with Ryoji was enough to drain the life out of anyone. Goro
only bought a notebook, but Ryoji still had a habit of treating every item on display like a
piece of human culture to be carefully admired.
“Oh, you’re back,” Kanji said as Goro entered the house. Kanji looked to be on his way to
the kitchen. “I was just grabbing a snack. Do you want something?”
“I’m fine, thank you,” Goro said. He was still tense at the thought of leeching off of Tatsumisan’s kindness.
“How were your friends?”
“Fairly well,” Goro said. “One of them has gotten into origami, which is no surprise to me at
all. He always had a habit of folding paper cranes.”
“Oh, like that myth?” Kanji said.
“Exactly,” Goro said. “Some might call him superstitious.”
“Eh, let him have his hobbies,” Kanji said. “Origami can be really intricate if you know what
you’re doing. I never developed the knack for it.”
“Well, your crocheting far exceeds most peoples’,” Goro said.
“Oh, thanks.” Kanji looked surprised, even though he had shown some of his crochet animals
to Goro before. They were legitimately quite impressive. “You, um… actually, do you have
any hobbies?”
Goro raised his eyebrows. “I spend most of my time hanging out with people or studying.”
“That’s not a hobby,” Kanji said. “Come on, there has to be something you do other than
work and friendship.”
“God forbid I have friends,” Goro muttered.
“That’s not what I meant.” Kanji pulled a protein bar from the pantry and ripped off the
wrapper. Goro was reminded suddenly of Akihiko. “Everyone has some sort of hobby. I
think.”
“I go on runs,” Goro said.

“Well, that’s something,” Kanji said. “But what do you do when you’re not running, or
studying, or shit?”
“I can’t just have one hobby?” Goro asked.
“You can do what you want,” Kanji said. “But I get this impression that you’re bored
sometimes. You can’t revolve your life around work and your social life, you know.”
“I’m pretty sure I’ve revolved multiple years of my life around those two things,” Goro said.
“Well, no more,” Kanji said. He bit into his protein bar and pointed it at Goro. “You and me
are going to work together to find something relaxing that you enjoy. Something to do during
a quiet evening.”
“I read.”
“Textbooks. You read textbooks.” Kanji shook his head. “Are you doing that because you
enjoy learning? Or are you doing it to stay ahead in class?”
Goro’s silence admitted to the latter.
“There you have it. Tomorrow, I’m going to start throwing every hobby I’ve got at you!
Something’s got to stick eventually.”
“You really don’t have to do this.”
“No, I do,” Kanji said. “When I see you studying all day, it gives me the heebie jeebies.”
“Fine,” Goro sighed.
Kanji pumped his fist victoriously and shoved the rest of his protein bar into his mouth. Goro
tried to drown out the dull dread pulsing through him.
Emperor Arcana: Rank 4

Goro had the good fortune to find Marie standing outside the Velvet Room door in the central
shopping district the following morning. It saved him from the awkward affair of asking her
to step outside. He marched up to her and handed her the notebook he bought the day before.
“What is this?” Marie stared at the notebook in her hand with a perplexed expression. She
flipped through the blank pages.
“It’s a notebook,” Goro said. “You write in it. I don’t know who keeps stealing your pages of
poetry and leaves them lying all over the place, but it might help if they’re all bound
together.”
“I know what a notebook is,” Marie said, although the blush on her cheeks said otherwise. “I
just wanted to know why you were giving it to me. It’s not like we’re friends.”

“Because if I were writing my deepest feelings on paper, I wouldn’t want someone else to
read them,” Goro said. “Also I was shopping with my friends yesterday. I saw it and thought
of you.”
“Seriously?” Marie closed the notebook and stared at the cover. It was just a plain red
journal. “Why? I don’t wear a lot of red.”
“I thought it might be a nice splash of color in that nothing-but-blue room,” Goro said.
“Oh,” Marie said. She grasped the book with both hands. “That’s actually… really nice of
you. Thanks.”
“Please, don’t think anything of it,” Goro said. “And tell me if Yu keeps reading your poetry.
He should really know better.”
Marie frowned. “Are you in charge of him or something?”
“I will if I have to be,” Goro said grimly.

“Happy Birthday, Shinjiro,” Goro said over the phone as he left Marie to write in her new
journal.
“What’s the occasion?” Shinjiro asked dryly.
“I literally just expressed the occasion.”
“I didn’t realize my birthday was so important.”
“You’ve made it to adulthood,” Goro said. “You should be thrilled. It’s a harder feat than
you’d think.”
“You’ll get there one day.”
“I really hope so.”

That evening, after dinner, Kanji summoned Goro to his bedroom. He had Goro sit down in
front of his table, which displayed an arrangement of yarn and crochet needles.
“Alright,” Kanji said. “Part one of Operation Goro Gets a Hobby is in swing.”
Goro stared at the different thicknesses of yarn and hook sizes and tried not to feel
intimidated. He handled worse than arts and crafts before. He once tried to cut vegetables
with a meat knife.
“We’re crocheting?”

“Don’t judge,” Kanji said. “They say write what you know, and I know crochet and sewing.
So that’s what we’re going to start with.”
“You’re not writing,” Goro said. “You’re teaching.”
“Well, I’m sure the same rule applies here too,” Kanji said. “We’ll take it slow. Don’t worry
if you don’t get it right away.”
Goro did worry. This was clearly very important to Kanji, and he would hate to make a
mockery of one of Kanji’s favorite activities. Shinjiro had never been offended by Goro’s
inability to cook, but Shinjiro had been teaching him out of necessity. Not out of the kindness
of his heart.
Or maybe it was both, but this wasn’t about Shinjiro. This was about Kanji.
“Dude, it’s just a crochet hook,” Kanji said, noticing that Goro had picked up one of the
needles and was now staring at it intently. “It’s not a weapon of mass destruction or
anything.”
“It could be,” Goro said. He poked the edge of the needle’s hook. It could definitely take out
an eye with enough force involved. “It’s not sharp, but I’m sure it could do some damage.”
“Okay, well, let’s not think about that,” Kanji said. “I’m just going to teach you how to create
a simple chain, and then we’ll work from there.”
It was obvious that the chain Kanji was showing him was meant to be simple. It only really
required pulling the string through a previously existing loop repeatedly. However, while
Kanji could do ten even stitches in seconds, Goro spent laborious minutes on an uneven and
messy chain.
“That looks pretty good,” Kanji said. Did he think Goro was a fool? “Everybody has trouble
with tightness initially. Try to keep the string looser around your fingers.”
The yarn around Goro’s hand was cutting off his circulation. Goro tugged more yarn free of
its skein and tried to loosen the loop around his hook.
Kanji began to teach Goro how to add onto his initial chain. Goro continued to have a bizarre
amount of difficulty with it. How could he write with perfectly precise handwriting and fail at
keeping his movements steady when weaving yarn into itself? Kanji, who Goro wouldn’t
generally call graceful, made the movement look perfectly simple.
“Maybe you should take a break,” Kanji said as Goro dropped yet another stitch.
“I’m fine,” Goro said. He grit his teeth and forced the hook back into the tiny loop. Kanji was
still his host. He wasn’t going to reject one of his passions. “We can keep going.”
“Dude, you’re more wound up than Yosuke is when Teddie asks him one too many
questions,” Kanji said. “All that tension in your muscles is going to make it harder.”
Goro took a deep breath and tried to relax. “I’m not tense.”

“You definitely are,” Kanji said. “You don’t have to be good at this, you know. Stuff like this
takes time.”
“In that case, let me take the time to improve.”
“I think you’re smart enough to know that too much practice just makes things worse,” Kanji
said. “That’s what Ma says, at least. You can try again another day if it’s that important to
you.”
Goro reluctantly put down his half-formed square and hook. He hated to admit that he was
relieved. There was nothing more infuriating than failing at something someone else could
excel at. It reminded Goro of the days when failure was absolutely unacceptable.
Had those days really ended?
“Also, you don’t have to like crocheting,” Kanji said. “We can try sewing next, if you’d like.
Or you can have hobbies that are nothing like my own. It’s fine. We’re trying to figure out
what’s good for you.”
“You worry too much,” Goro said lightly. “I had a perfectly good time.”
Kanji raised his eyebrows. “You did, did you?”
“You sound like Shinjiro,” Goro huffed under his breath. He raised his voice for Kanji to
hear. “I felt perfectly fine when I wasn’t screwing it up.”
“Hey, there’s no screwing up here,” Kanji said. “Only learning to work with the materials.”
Kanji scratched the back of his head. “At least, that’s what Ma says.”
“Well, I’m sure I’ll have a better time once I learn to work with them,” Goro said. “But since
you’re so insistent that I take a break, I’ll get out of your hair now.”
“Oh, sure.” Kanji nodded. “Feel free to come by later when you want to try again. Or you can
just give up on this, and we’ll experiment with something else.”
“If I can learn how to cook after years of nothing but frozen meals, I can learn to crochet.”
Goro forced down his frustration and bowed. “Thank you for your patience.”
“It was nothing,” Kanji said. “You’re actually a really good student. Teddie kept trying to
experiment with different ‘stitches’ and got his work tied up in knots.”
Emperor Arcana: Rank 5

Chapter End Notes

Why do I feel like I have so many things to say while i proofread and then all those
things leave my head when its actually time to publish the chapter. Sigh.

welp.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 58: August 11–18, 2011
Chapter Summary

Wow look at my boys contemplating arson, look at them go

Chapter Notes

tw: ptsd, implied/referenced child abuse, illness, child doing labor

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Conveniently enough, Tsuyoshi agreed to take Goro and Akira to the mountains. Goro
carefully placed one of Fuuka’s trackers inside his pocket before he stepped outside and stood
by the gas station at the shopping district where Akira said Tsuyoshi would pick him up.
Goro didn’t have any difficulties spotting Tsuyoshi’s car amidst the mostly empty streets of
Inaba. It pulled to a halt in front of Goro, and Goro slipped inside the empty back seat.
“Thank you for driving us, Tsuyoshi-san,” Goro said cheerfully.
“It’s no issue,” Tsuyoshi said. “I was just on my way somewhere near the mountains anyway.
Stick your bags in the trunk, and we’ll be on our way.”
Goro heaved his bag behind him and dropped it in the trunk. As he put his seatbelt on, he
pulled the tracker out of his pocket as discreetly as possible and dropped it between the two
seats.
Tsuyoshi already had his eyes on the road as he drove out of Inaba. Goro caught sight of his
face in the rear-view mirror. He seemed none the wiser of Goro’s actions, but that didn’t
really mean anything.
“So, Goro-kun,” Tsuyoshi said. “Have you been camping before?”
“I haven’t, actually,” Goro admitted. “I thought it would be fun to do with a friend.”
“I haven’t either,” Akria said.
“Well, Akira-kun insisted you two didn’t need a chaperone, and somehow, his parents
agreed,” Tsuyoshi said. “Try not to burn the forest down.”

“I can’t make any promises for Akechi-kun,” Akira said, wearing a shit-eating grin. Goro
glowered to hide the urge to smile.
“What would I have to gain from burning down the forest?”
“I don’t know,” Akira said. “You just seem like the type.”
“I think you’d be more likely to accidentally burn down the forest than I would be.”
“You two are not increasing my confidence about this situation,” Tsuyoshi said.
Tsuyoshi shouldn’t be there. Goro and Akira were trying to bond, and Tsuyoshi’s presence
was as impossible to ignore as a gun to Goro’s skull. It was uncanny to have Tsuyoshi behave
as the normal uncle when Goro knew he was anything but.
“We’ll be fine,” Akira said.
Goro and Akira talked about more mundane topics for the rest of the drive. Akira talked more
about his parents and their increased presence in the house. Goro mentioned learning to
crochet. Akira must have noticed how uneasy Goro was, because their conversation didn’t
diverge much at all. It was as though they were both reading from a script.
Tsuyoshi finally pulled up at the camp site. Goro fled the vehicle and grabbed his things.
Akira came out soon behind him.
“Stay safe kids,” Tsuyoshi said, smiling jovially. It was nothing like the sinister grin Goro
was used to seeing on his face. “I’ll be back to pick you up tomorrow.”
“Bye,” Akira said.
“Thank you again for driving us,” Goro said, forcing himself to bow. He didn’t want Akira to
realize that anything was wrong prematurely. With any luck, Akira wouldn’t have to be
mixed up in the metaverse until Mementos came into play.
Tsuyoshi drove away. Goro and Akira began to hike to their camp site.
“Did your parents really agree to let us camp on our own?” Goro asked. “That seems…
bold.”
“I lied,” Akira admitted. “I said I was going to study with the smartest kid in the middle
school.”
Mitsuru knew that Goro could take care of himself, so she allowed Goro to go camping as
long as Akira was going to be with him. The murderer wasn’t likely to be hiding in the
mountains. On a slightly more practical note, there were no TVs to be thrown into while
camping.
Goro did lie to Tatsumi-san. He said he was going to spend the night with a friend. He didn’t
clarify that he would be doing that in the middle of the wild. Mitsuru might know that Goro
was twenty-one in spirit. Tatsumi did not.

“I don’t know if I’m the smartest kid in the school,” Goro said.
“You got the top in your class in exams,” Akira said. “So, you’re one of the smartest. My
mom was happy with that, so she didn’t ask any other questions.”
“Well, I’m afraid to say I forgot my textbooks,” Goro said. “I suppose we’ll have to go
without studying, unless you’d like to classify these trees.”
“That’s a maple.” Akira pointed to the tree to their right.
Goro stared at the tree intently. Akira wasn’t wrong, but he was impressed that he knew it so
quickly.
“Do you like plants?” Goro asked.
“A bit,” Akira admitted. “There’s a small garden in my backyard. Sometimes I grow flowers.
When I’m not studying.”
“You can’t study all day,” Goro said, echoing Kanji’s words.
“I don’t,” Akira said defensively. “Is there anything wrong with taking school seriously?”
“I never said there was,” Goro said. “I just don’t want you to pass out from overwork.”
“That hasn’t happened in years,” Akira said, rolling his eyes.
“Years?”
“Three, to be exact.”
Goro was about to tell Akira that such an achievement wasn’t actually something to be proud
of. He was interrupted by their arrival at their camping site. Akira immediately grabbed the
tent bag and unpacked it.
Yosuke had been kind enough to provide Goro with the tent the night before, but not kind
enough to provide them with instructions on how to put it up.
“To be honest, I think Yu did most of the tent putting-up,” Yosuke said when Goro had asked
for more clarification. “He’s good with his hands like that.” Yosuke coughed, his face
flushing. “Um. Yeah. I don’t know how tents work.”
With such a limited amount of time, Goro was only able to call Yu to ask for a rundown on
how tents worked. It turned out that for all of his proficiency in building tents, Yu didn’t quite
have the expression to describe how he did it. Goro resorted to watching multiple YouTube
videos in the middle of the night, which reminded him of how hopelessly horrible he was
with building things. His half-crocheted square haunted him.
Now, Akira crouched down and inspected the fabric. “I think you stick the poles through
these openings,” Akira said.

Goro began to click the sections of the pole together. That much, at least, he could remember
from the video. Despite having never been camping before, Akira seemed to understand how
the tent was meant to stand up.
An hour of painstaking effort later, Goro and Akira stared at their shabby looking tent. It
leaned slightly to one side, but Goro wasn’t sure if that was Yosuke’s fault or theirs. One of
the poles had already been strangely dented, so Goro chose to believe that Yosuke was the
cause of any of the tent’s issues.
“Well, we have a place to hide if it starts raining,” Akira said, glancing up at the sky. It was a
perfectly clear day, although the sun was beginning to hide behind the surrounding trees.
“What do you want to do now?”
“It can’t hurt to get started on the fire,” Goro said.
They did slightly better with the fire. Goro had the foresight to bring a lighter, and it really
was a question of arranging the wood properly and lighting it. Akira admitted to also
watching copious amounts of YouTube tutorials the night before.
“I was a little worried about burning down the forest myself,” Akira admitted.
“Well, you told your parents you were studying with a friend, didn’t you?” Goro asked. “You
could say that we were doing a science experiment measuring the catastrophic impact of
forest fires.”
Akira snorted. “Hypothesis: My parents would disown me.”
“It’d probably result in us dying in the fire. So we wouldn’t be able to record the rest of the
results of our experiment.”
“Doesn’t sound like a very effective science experiment,” Akira said. “It’d probably get a
failing grade.”
“Maybe we should forget the whole endeavor.”
Despite their musings, they managed to safely construct a fire by the time the sky was
darkening. After eating a small dinner, they sat by the flame in a comfortable silence.
“I’ve never done this before,” Akira said.
“Gone camping?”
Akira shrugged. “Any of this. Have friends. Hang out.” A small smile snuck into his
thoughtful expression. “Make jokes.”
Had being sent to Tokyo really been the best thing that had ever happened to Akira? The
concept of Akira not making jokes was almost absurd. And yet, here Akira was, admitting to
barely even knowing the concept of fun.

Goro had known they were alike, but Goro wasn’t sure he had realized just how similar they
really were. He always had an idealized version of Akira in his head. One that had friends
even in his small town. One that lived happily with his parents and could never imagine that
pain Goro would feel.
It had helped mitigate the horror of putting a bullet between his eyes.
Akira was still smiling. Goro felt suddenly sick. What was he doing? Why was he trying to
become friends with the person he betrayed so horrifically?
What would Akira do when he found out the truth? If he found out the truth? Could Goro
really keep it from him forever?
“Are you okay?” Akira asked. “Did I say something?”
“No, you didn’t do anything wrong,” Goro said. He tried to smile, but it felt more like a
grimace. “I just got lost in thought.”
“What about?”
“It’s nothing important.”
“Oh.” The fire crackled loudly between them. “It looked kind of important.”
“Let’s just say that I haven’t had the easiest time making friends in the past either,” Goro
said.
“Really?” Akira’s eyes were wide. “But you’re so… confident.”
Why did everyone keep saying that? What made them look at Goro and think that he had
everything under control? Just because he had a guise of confidence didn’t mean that it was
actually there. Even Ken, someone he had known for years, was under the impression that
Goro was secure in what he did.
“I wouldn’t say that,” Goro said. “I just know how to talk to people I don’t know.”
“That’s more than I can say,” Akira said. “I barely know how to talk with you.”
“Give it time.”
Behind the smoke trailing into the sky, the stars were beginning to shine through the dark
void of night. Goro began mentally counting them. Ten. Twenty. Thirty. Fifty…
“Do you want to tell ghost stories?” Akira asked suddenly.
Goro blinked, losing track of which star he was counting on. “Pardon?”
"Ghost stories.” Akira poked their fire with a stick. “That’s what you do in the dark, right?
You tell scary stories.”

“I suppose you do,” Goro said. Junpei would have agreed wholeheartedly. “Do you know
any?”
Akira pursed his lips together. “I’m sure I can think of one,” he said. “Why don’t you go
first?”
“I’m not exactly a storyteller,” Goro said. Akira’s face fell, and Goro hastened to add, “But I
can try.”
Goro didn’t have a creative bone in his body, and he stutteringly began to retell one of his
first experiences in the Dark Hour. He got as far as his character finding the coffins in the
silent city when he realized he would have to end it on a scary note.
“And then…” Goro trailed off. He winced apologetically. “Sorry. I was making it up as I
went along.”
“No, that’s okay,” Akira said. He was leaning forward with an interested expression. “Maybe
there was a monster hiding inside the coffin.”
“It’s a thought,” Goro said. “Why don’t we workshop it?”
"Next time we meet, I’ll have a ghost story that will bring you to tears,” Akira promised.
Their fire was dying down, but he didn’t bother to try to revive it. Instead, he looked up at the
stars. “I heard a good one from a classmate, but it feels like cheating to tell a story that
someone else has already told.”
“Does it?”
Akira nodded. “It’s more comforting to imagine the most horrifying thing you can think of
and put it into a fake story. It makes the real horrors of the world feel less scary.”
Akira wasn’t wrong. A strange tremor coursed through Goro’s body. His younger shadow’s
old words echoed inside his head.
I’m so scared I can’t even breathe.
“I don’t think it’s possible to avoid fear.”
“I don’t think so either,” Akira said. “But surely there’s a way to make it less, right? Jokes.
Or scenarios that are worse.”
“What if this is the worst case scenario?” Goro asked. “What if it can’t get better?”
“It can always get better,” Akira said. “I was alone, and now you’re here. That’s better,
right?”
Goro swallowed. “Yeah. It’s better.”
Priestess Arcana: Rank 4

Tsuyoshi’s car wasn’t in Inaba.
After Tsuyoshi dropped Goro back off at the shopping district, Goro returned home and
pulled up Fuuka’s tracking system on his laptop. Goro watched as the symbol of the tracker
had Tsuyoshi’s car move from Akira’s address to an isolated area away from any signs of
civilization at all.
The location wasn’t particularly forthcoming with answers. And Goro still didn’t have a car.
Maybe Junpei would be willing to drive him, but Goro would still prefer not to get anyone
involved in this. Tsuyoshi was Goro’s problem. Nobody else’s.
Goro wrote down the coordinates in case Tsuyoshi ever caught wind of the tracker. That, or
Tsuyoshi had already caught wind of the tracker and dropped it off to keep Goro off his scent.
Goro would find out as soon as he found a way to get to this place.
For now, Goro would worry about crocheting.
YouTube was truly a fantastic source. Goro didn’t want to bother Kanji with his failures, but
Goro’s ability to crochet was clearly important to Kanji. Goro wasn’t going to let him down.
Unfortunately, Kanji would notice if Goro started using Kanji’s crochet needle and yarn and
insist on helping out. And Tatsumi-san would ask questions if Goro bought supplies from her
own store. Goro wasn’t sure he had the capacity to explain he was trying to impress her son.
She might think Goro was trying to prove that he was better than Kanji. Or she might think
Goro was going to try to take over the business.
Besides, even if he paid for the supplies, a shiver ran down Goro’s spine at the thought of
asking anything from Tatsumi. No matter how irrational and unproductive the fear was, Goro
couldn’t seem to shake it away.
Goro ended up going to Junes. He was half-way through perusing the yarn section when he
realized that choosing not to shop at Tatsumi Textiles would hurt Tatsumi’s business in the
long run. That would be a fine way of thanking her for her hospitality.
Goro turned around and began to exit the Junes. Maybe he should just swallow his pride and
buy the supplies. He could say that it was for a gift for Kanji. Tatsumi-san wouldn't be upset
by that. Probably.
“Ah, Goro-kun!” Adachi said cheerfully. Goro nearly jumped out of his skin when Adachi
approached him with a bag full of groceries. He still wore his usual rumpled suit, but he
clearly wasn’t on duty. “Doing your Sunday shopping too?”
“Actually, I was just leaving,” Goro said. “I realized that I could buy something of better
quality in the shopping district.”
“Oh yeah?” Adachi asked. “What is it? Maybe I need to buy it too, and I’m always ready for
a good deal.”

“I said better, not cheaper,” Goro said.
“Well, I’m always on the lookout for good quality goods as well,” Adachi said. He winked.
“So? What’cha buying?”
“If you’re so desperate to know,” Goro said, “It’s yarn and a crochet hook. I apologize for
assuming that it wasn’t your scene.”
“Oh, is it for Tatsumi-san?” Adachi asked. “You’ve been living with her, right?”
“No, I’m actually buying it from Tatsumi-san,” Goro said. “Kanji-kun has been trying to
teach me how to crochet. I’m hoping not to let him down.”
Adachi looked surprised, but he shrugged. “Oh, cool. But I think I’m confused. Don’t you
live in a textile shop? Why are you buying those supplies?”
“Just because I live in a shop doesn’t mean I own the goods,” Goro said.
“Hm, well, it just seems kind of like a waste for you to buy something from your own home,”
Adachi said. He grinned. “Tell you what. I’ll go buy the yarn for you. It might be a little less
awkward.”
“You don’t have to do that, Adachi-san,” Goro said. He was surprised Adachi even had the
empathy to offer such a thing. “I can handle this on my own.”
“Oh, I’m sure you can.” Adachi smiled. “But I know how awkward it can be to buy things
from your parents. My mom owned a bookstore, and once, I lost one of my textbooks. The
only solution I could think of was buying a new one, but then my mom knew that I had lost
my third textbook that year.” Adachi sighed long-sufferingly. “Let me tell you, I do not miss
my school days. Um, no offense.”
“Trust me, I’m counting down the years,” Goro said. “But Tatsumi-san isn’t my mother.”
“Oh, I knew that.” Adachi shifted on his feet awkwardly. “But it’s kind of the same thing,
right? That’s why you went to Junes to buy the supplies first. Or maybe I’m just reading the
situation entirely wrong. Dojima-san says I have a bad habit of jumping to conclusions.”
“No, you’re not wrong,” Goro said reluctantly. “I can pay you back for the supplies.”
“I’ve got the perfect thing,” Adachi said. He handed Goro his groceries. “And it comes in two
parts.”
“I carry your groceries home?” Goro asked.
“That, and you treat me to ramen.”
“Today?” Goro asked. “Don’t you have better things to do than have a middle-schooler feed
you ramen?”
“I’ll never say no to free ramen.”

“I’d hardly call it free if you’re paying for my art supplies for me,” Goro said. “I was
thinking I’d just reimburse you the money.”
“Nah, free food is way better than money,” Adachi said. “And tonight would be great if
you’re free. If not, I'll figure something out. But don’t think you can get out of paying your
debt.”
“I don’t intend to,” Goro said. “Would buying frozen ramen count as treating you?”
“Don’t even think about it, kid,” Adachi said. “I want some real quality restaurant ramen.”
“You’re ridiculous.” Goro glowered. “At this rate, I might as well just buy the supplies
myself and spare myself the ordeal.”
“Nope, it’s too late.” Adachi grinned wryly. “You’re already carrying my groceries. Besides,
it’s not every day that someone owes me. Let me have this.”
Goro stopped himself from telling Adachi he was ridiculous again. He strived not to be
overly repetitive.
Adachi went into Tatsumi Textiles and came out with the yarn and crochet hook Goro
requested. Goro reluctantly followed Adachi back to his house, carrying Adachi’s massive
load of groceries.
“Ah, it feels so good to have free hands,” Adachi said, swinging the bag of art supplies back
and forth carelessly. “Do you need any help?”
“This was part of the deal,” Goro said. “Do you really think I’m about to go back on it so
soon?”
“No need to get defensive,” Adachi said. “Just offering.”
As it was, Goro made it to Adachi’s home without any issue. Unsurprisingly, it was smaller
than Dojima’s home. Adachi opened the front door, and the faint scent of alcohol infiltrated
Goro’s senses. Goro shoved the groceries into Adachi’s hands.
“I think I’ll take what’s mine now,” Goro said, taking the yarn from Adachi without
permission. “Thank you for your help.”
“Wow, you really hate my company that much?” Adachi asked. His expression was so
oblivious that Goro bristled.
“I neither hate nor enjoy your company, Adachi-san,” Goro said. “It is simply company. Now,
if you’ll excuse me, I shall take my leave.”
Adachi nodded as Goro bowed, still looking somewhat confused. “Alright. Take care out
there.”
“You too, Adachi-san.”

Jester Arcana: Rank 6

The next morning, Goro was halfway through eating breakfast when Yosuke called him.
What on earth could he want this early in the morning? Had something come up in the case?
Speaking of the case, Goro had better mention the trackers to the others some point soon. He
thought he’d wait until another victim showed up on the midnight channel, but their existence
weighed heavily on Goro’s mind. If Tsuyoshi was eavesdropping on Goro’s conversations,
he’d start wondering why Goro hadn’t brought up the trackers he asked Fuuka for weeks ago.
Goro pushed those thoughts out of his mind and answered the phone. “Akechi speaking.”
“Akechi-kun!” There was a note of panic to his voice. “I need your help.”
Goro abandoned his breakfast and jumped to his feet. “What happened?”
“We’re short on staff and our normal number of customers has seemed to have tripled thanks
to the hero’s show,” Yosuke said. “Can you work at Junes for the week? I’ll pay you!”
What?
“Yosuke-kun,” Goro said slowly. “I’m thirteen. I can’t legally work anywhere.”
“Well, I can at least buy you lunch every day at work,” Yosuke said. “And I’ll pay you out of
my own pocket! Please, I’m begging you. I need as many hands on deck as possible.”
How long had it been since Goro had a job? Barring his entire career under Shido, Goro
hadn’t had a job with the exception of one foster home that expected him to help out at their
shop. Goro was counting down the years until he could finally have an income of his own,
that he could stop relying on Mitsuru’s money or the metaverse.
“Fine,” Goro said. “But avoid putting me in charge of customer service. I might accidentally
bite someone’s head off.”
“I can get some of the others on that,” Yosuke said. “Thanks a million, dude.”
Goro met Yosuke and most of the Investigation Team at Junes. Yukiko was apparently held
up helping her mother at the Inn, and Yosuke admitted that he was worried Rise would only
attract more customers inadvertently. He wasn’t wrong.
“Poor Rise-chan,” Teddie said. “Missing out on all this fun.”
“I’m all for helping out Yosuke, but I wouldn’t exactly call this fun,” Kanji said. “I’m sure
Rise is thrilled not to have to work in this heat.”
“Isn’t she the luckiest?” Yosuke sighed. “Alright, Teddie, Akechi-kun, you guys can work at
the shaved ice stand. That place gets really popular on hot days like this.”

Teddie didn’t wait for Yosuke to hand out the rest of the instructions. He took Goro’s hand
and dragged him to the shaved ice stand a few yards away.
“I’ve already worked here, so I can show you how it works,” Teddie said. “It’s pretty easy.
I’m sure you’ll do nicely!”
“Terrible,” Goro said as they stepped inside. At least it was hidden from the glaring sunlight.
Goro had been marginally concerned that Teddie was going to pass out from heat stroke in
that mascot costume.
“We don’t just serve shaved ice,” Teddie said. “We serve all sorts of food here, but most
people want something to cool them down in this heat.”
Goro eyed the griddle. “I think I can handle the meat,” Goro said. His hand itched to call
Shinjiro, but he didn’t think it was the best idea if he was going to be serving children.
Shinjiro would provide them with a new repertoire of swear words. “Provided you’re willing
to help me these first few days.”
“You’re so kind, Goro-kun!” Teddie said. The relief in his voice was palpable. Even standing
near the griddle, the overwhelming heat was beginning to exhaust Goro.
Yosuke jogged up to the stand. “Do you guys have everything handled back here?”
“As much as we can,” Goro said.
“Great.” Yosuke bowed. “I can’t thank you enough, Akechi-kun.”
“As long as I’m paid.”
“I’ll pay you anything,” Yosuke said. “Within reason.” Goro wasn’t sure he had seen anyone
so frazzled in his life. “I really need to get going. Thanks again!”
Yosuke ran into the store as the first customer arrived.
Magician Arcana: Rank 4

The next few days were marked with sizzling meat, blistering heat, and countless requests of
customers. Goro was too busy to waste energy on being annoyed with picky customers and
ridiculous orders. He only had time to automatically put up a barrier of politeness between
him and the general public as he struggled to keep up with the endless stream of people.
Yosuke had better pay him well by the time this was over.
“I can’t believe you enjoy working at restaurants,” Goro told Shinjiro one night, collapsing
face-first into his futon. “How do you not pass out from overwork?”
“Well, I doubt we’re quite as busy as your summer-ridden Junes department store,” Shinjiro
said. “If I had it my way, I’d only work at the best establishments.”

“Well, I never said that you worked at wild duck burger,” Goro muttered. “How is work
anyway?”
“It’s pretty good,” Shinjiro said. “I’ve been working less hours recently. You might have a
point about that overwork thing.”
“Would you like the trade spots?” Goro asked.
“You called me over an omelet. I’m not trusting you to successfully prepare fine meals.”
“You should be proud,” Goro said exhaustedly. “I haven’t called you for this Junes job.”
“That’s because Junes food is low quality, and it doesn’t matter how badly you screw it up.”
“I take offense to that.”
“Tough luck. Speaking of which, you should hear what Aigis and Akihiko got up to the other
day.”
Shinjiro began to launch into a story that involved Aigis and Akihiko nearly burning the
apartment down, which Goro didn’t actually find surprising at all. Goro tried to keep his eyes
open as Aigis began to slap her hands over the flame… Akihiko had burned a hole in his
towel… how were they still alive again?

“Goro?” Shinjiro asked. He didn’t get a response. Almost immediately, his mind jumped to
the worst-case scenario. Had something happened? Had Goro been hurt? “Goro?”
“...can handle myself… Niijima-san,” Goro’s voice was half-indiscernible through the line.
“...not a child.”
“You little shit,” Shinjiro muttered. He slumped into the sofa’s cushions in relief. “You fell
asleep on me.”
Shinjiro waited five minutes before hanging up. Kid deserved some sleep. Shinjiro
sometimes wondered if Goro slept at all with everything that was going on in his life. At least
he could tell Mitsuru that he was getting his rest.
It was getting late. Shinjiro himself should consider resting before Akihiko came home and
demanded to know why he was partying up a storm. Akihiko was getting noticeably more
tense over Shinjiro’s health. Shinjiro wished he would just give up worrying already.
Well, Akihiko wasn’t back yet. It couldn’t hurt to put on some television for the time being.
As Shinjiro turned the television onto some romantic drama, his lungs tightened. Shinjiro
hunched in on himself as furious coughs shook his entire body. It was almost impossible to
stay steady as his lung furiously tried to expel whatever disgusting substance was lurking
inside.

When his lungs had finally called quits, Shinjiro’s head was pounding, and he could taste
metal. A wave of dizziness made it difficult to stay oriented as he inspected the reddish-pink
substance gathered in the crook of his elbow.
“Well,” Shinjiro said hoarsely. “That’s new.”
He washed it off thoroughly. What Akihiko didn’t know couldn’t hurt him.

“Good morning,” Goro said Thursday morning. He was almost too tired for the tiniest of
polite smiles. He kept his eyes on the currently grilling meat. “What can I get for you today?”
“That’s how you greet an old friend?” a familiar voice sniffed. “After it being a year and a
half of your human years since we last spoke?”
Goro’s head snapped toward the sound of the voice. Elizabeth was barely recognizable in a
shocking red dress that barely resembled her old Velvet Room outfit. Marie trailed behind
her, glancing at Elizabeth suspiciously.
“Elizabeth?” Goro asked. “What the hell are you doing here?”
“Better,” Elizabeth said. “I thought I would introduce Marie-chan to the world of shaved ice.
She stands around in this summer heat all day with nothing to cool her down.”
“Is this normal?” Marie asked Goro. “Can you just leave the Velvet Room whenever you
want?”
“Our master never said we couldn’t,” Elizabeth said. “Although I wouldn’t do it too liberally
when you have a guest to attend to. My guest is done with that place, so I take more liberties
in my forays.”
“I can see that,” Goro said. “You should dye your hair next.”
Elizabeth’s eyes gleamed. “This is why I like you.”
Elizabeth ordered her shaved ice and let Marie choose a random flavor. Marie just shrugged
and asked for lemon, which caused Elizabeth to make a brief face of disgust. Goro turned
toward Teddie and barked out the order.
“I like that one,” Elizabeth said, pointing to Teddie. “He reminds me of myself.”
“You don’t happen to know where he came from?” Goro asked exhaustedly.
“That’s spoilers,” Marie snapped. She grabbed Elizabeth by the arm and dragged her away.
Astonishingly enough, Elizabeth followed, looking a little like she was about to laugh. Goro
took comfort in that. It probably wasn’t life threatening if Elizabeth wasn’t fighting tooth and
nail to tell Goro Teddie’s origins.

As Goro continued to take orders and prepare food, Yu approached Elizabeth and Marie with
a perplexed expression. Come to think of it, Yu had probably never seen Elizabeth before.
Elizabeth smirked and began to speak in what was no doubt a flirtatious manner. Marie
crossed her arms and sunk deeper into her chair.
Had Elizabeth paid for the food?
“Two shaved ice!” Teddie called out cheerfully. Elizabeth was still talking to Yu, so Marie
stood up and marched to the stand.
“Thanks,” she said. She took both shaved ice and stared at Elizabeth’s green tea flavored one
reproachfully.
“You never paid,” Goro said. “Do you have money on you?”
Marie’s eyes widened. “Oh, yeah. She gave me some.” She placed down the shaved ice at a
nearby table and rummaged through the pockets of her skirt. They must have been much
larger than they initially appeared, because she pulled out a rather large pouch of yen.
“How much does it cost?” Marie asked.
Teddie cheerfully proclaimed the cost, and Marie painstakingly counted out the money. By
the time she was done, Yu seemed to be satisfied with his conversation with Elizabeth and
approached Marie.
“Hi, Marie-chan,” Yu said. “Is your shaved ice good?”
“I haven’t had the chance to try it yet,” Marie said. She turned back toward the shaved ice,
which was already melting around the edges. Elizabeth stood up and collected hers.
As Marie and Yu resumed having a normal conversation and walked away, Elizabeth stayed
near the stand. She munched on her ice contentedly as Goro continued to labor.
“Please tell me you didn’t come to tell me some damning information,” Goro said. “Is the
world ending again?”
“No,” Elizabeth said with her mouth full. “Not quite so completely as last time, at least.”
“Oh, well, that’s a comfort,” Goro said sarcastically. “Do you happen to know who the killer
is?”
“I’m not omniscient,” Elizabeth said. “Contrary to popular belief.”
“Then why do you act like you can read my mind?”
“I’m just more perceptive,” Elizabeth said. “Perhaps, if you lined up all of the citizens in your
town, I’d be able to guess which one is the killer.”
“I’ll get on that,” Goro said.

“In truth, I came out to give the new girl some fun,” Elizabeth said. “Margaret has a habit of
being condescending, and Theodore’s such a goody-two-shoes it hurts. Lavenza and I are the
only ones in this family who know how to have fun.”
“You’re corrupting the child?”
Elizabeth snorted derisively. “She’s older than you.”
“Have you found out any useful information about Tsuyoshi?” Goro continued. “How to get
rid of him, I mean? Theodore was about as helpful as Kurusu’s cat.”
Elizabeth’s face fell. “Unfortunately, I cannot give you any guidance on how to defeat him.
I’ve been inquiring with my master to find a way to help, but he is, as you say, no more
informative than a majestic feline.”
“I thought Igor didn’t believe in interfering?” Goro asked.
“He smirks the way he does when he’s hiding something, which, unfortunately, does not
necessarily mean much. My master is full of secrets. Regardless, I will get through to him,”
Elizabeth said, pointing at Goro with her spoon. “Your faith in me shall not be wasted.”
Goro snorted.

Chapter End Notes

Goro: *goes through character development and gets friends and becomes emotionally
happier and healthier*
Goro's friends: wow you have friends and are seemingly emotionally happy and healthy
Goro: sounds fake
Obviously Goro's still going through it but my man has come a Long way and refuses to
admit it.
Elizabeth's going through the Velvet Room equivalent of a goth era.
Also I feel like I'm obligated to say that I do not endorse child labor but if "just formed
consciousness" teddie can work at Junes, "mentally in his twenties" goro can certainly
qualify
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3
Edit: guy's i forgot to link fanart AGAIN this is so sad
art 1
art 2
art 3
Thank you to everyone who made this lovely art!

Chapter 59: August 18–23, 2011
Chapter Summary

The chapter that is literally nothing but summer shenanigans
Welcome to persona 4

Chapter Notes

tw: ptsd, implied/referenced child neglect, wardrobe malfunctions

See the end of the chapter for more notes

After work, Teddie insisted that Goro go back to Yosuke’s house with them.
“Teddie, I’m sure Akechi-kun wants to go home,” Yosuke said as Goro handed him his
apron. “It’s already pretty late.”
Teddie stomped his foot petulantly. “Goro-kun promised to teach me to ride a bike, and the
summer is already half-way gone!” Teddie protested. “Now is the perfect time to trap him
into teaching me.”
“It’s not a very subtle trap if you’re going to proclaim your motives to the entire store,” Goro
said.
“Seriously, Ted,” Yosuke agreed. “Can’t it wait until Saturday?”
Teddie shook his head. “I checked the calendar,” he said. “It’s the summer festival on
Saturday. And I can’t wait any longer. There’s a perfectly good bicycle gathering up dents
and scratches from its lack of use.”
“Actually, those dents and scratches are from me.” Yosuke grimaced. “Don’t try to bike while
holding an umbrella. Or schoolbooks.”
“Maybe you just don’t know how to bike,” Goro said, although Goro wasn’t sure he would be
able to successfully bike one-handed.
“That’s why you can’t teach me, Yosuke,” Teddie said firmly. “Goro-kun is the only man for
the job.”

It was obvious Teddie was not going to be swayed. Goro wasn’t in the mood to argue any
further.
“Fine,” Goro sighed. “I fell asleep early yesterday anyway.”
“Hooray!” Teddie cheered.
“You seriously don’t have to if you don’t want to,” Yosuke said. “Don’t let this guy make all
the calls.”
“I appreciate the sentiment, but I did promise,” Goro said. “Let’s hope this doesn’t end in
disaster.”
Since it was the middle of the summer, the sun still hadn’t completely set by the time they
came to Yosuke’s house. Yosuke glanced at his watch.
“My parents should be back within the hour,” he said. “They’re still seeing to some things at
the store. Fair warning, they might invite you to dinner.”
“I’ll try not to impose,” Goro said. “Now where is this bike that I’ve heard so much about?”
Teddie changed out of his bear costume and dragged the bike out of the garage. Goro
couldn’t blame him for assuming that dents and scratches came from disuse. The bike looked
like Yosuke had pulled it from a dump and then let it sit in the corner of his garage for years.
Half of the yellow paint was chipped off, and cobwebs were gathered in between the spokes.
“Wait, let’s pump up the tires,” Yosuke said. “They’re probably really flat.”
Goro was almost certain Yosuke knew more about riding bikes than Goro did. Goro had
learned to ride at some point in his childhood, but he had no memory of when. He likely
taught himself when nobody else was around to tell him not to.
Goro would try his best to teach without accidentally killing Teddie in the process.
“What do I do first?” Teddie asked, holding the handlebars with both hands.
Goro cleared his throat. “Well, first, you get on the bike.”
Teddie nodded and swung his leg over the seat. The seat wasn’t quite adjusted for his height,
and the very tips of Teddie’s shoes were the only thing supporting his balance by the time he
was properly seated.
“Learning to ride a bike is all about knowing where your center of gravity is,” Goro said. “I
want you to take your feet off the ground and try your hardest to keep the bike standing
straight.”
Teddie nodded and lifted his feet. The bike wobbled violently underneath him, and Teddie
crashed to the ground.

Yosuke yelped. Goro flinched. Teddie jumped to his feet and beamed. “I think that was at
least five seconds!”
They tried again. Teddie kept his balance no better than before.
“Maybe start pedaling,” Goro said. “The bike isn’t really meant to stand on its own.”
Teddie clearly didn’t know what Goro meant, because he only lifted his feet off the ground,
kicked the pedals, and fell over yet again.
“It’s all part of the learning process!” Teddie said, untangling his shirt from a stray spoke.
“R-right,” Yosuke said. “Um, Akechi-kun and I need to have a quick strategy meeting.”
Teddie gave them a thumbs up as he wobbled back and forth on the bike. Yosuke dragged
Goro a few yards away from Teddie.
“Um, Akechi-kun,” Yosuke said. “I know you were the one burdened with the responsibility
of teaching Teddie, but can I give you some advice?”
“Gladly.”
“I think, typically, when you teach someone to ride a bike, you hold onto the back of their
seat at first,” Yosuke said. “That way they can simulate the feeling of balance without
actually having to… balance.”
“Oh.” Goro tried not to look too surprised. Come to think of it, he had seen that sort of thing
on television before. He just hadn’t given it much thought. “Alright, we’ll try that.”
“Then, when Ted’s not expecting it, you need to let go of the bike,” Yosuke said, grinning.
“We’ll see how long it takes for him to crash.”
It was weird to stand behind a bike and hold onto the seat. Teddie wasn’t bothered by it, and
Goro at least managed to prevent Teddie from toppling over.
“Teddie, you need to put your feet on the pedals and start pushing,” Goro said. “I’ll stay
behind you.”
“It’s time for take-off!” Teddie began pushing the pedals, inevitably moving the bike forward.
Goro began to jog behind him. “Look Yosuke! I’m biking!”
“You’re doing a great job.” Yosuke gave Teddie a thumbs up. Out of the corner of his eye,
Goro could see Yosuke mouth, “Let go.”
Goro let go and stopped running. Teddie continued to bike.
“Um, Goro-kun?” Teddie asked. “How do I steer?”
Goro had forgotten about steering. From the looks of his horrified expression, Yosuke did
too.

“Just move the handles!” Goro shouted.
Teddie looked over his shoulder. His mouth formed a small ‘o’ of surprise when he saw Goro
wasn’t right behind him. The bike swayed off course, and Teddie tumbled into the grass.
Yosuke looked about ready to laugh, but he jogged up to Teddie.
“You good?”
Still lying on the ground with the bike on top of him, Teddie took deep gasping breaths and
stared up at them with shining eyes. “I did it,” he said. “I biked.”
“Yeah,” Yosuke said. “And then you crashed. Maybe that can be a family tradition, actually.”
Teddie shook his head. “I’ve done enough biking today,” he decided. He pushed the bike off
him and stood up. “You know what has never done me wrong?”
“What has never done you wrong?” Goro asked.
“Roller-skates.” Teddie ran back into the garage and returned with a pair of roller-skates in
his hands. “Yosuke got them for my re-birthday! I’m a master on these babies.”
“Are you now?” Yosuke asked.
Teddie stuck his tongue out at Yosuke as he took off his shoes. He shoved on his rollerskates, haphazardly tied the laces, and stood back up.
“The roller-skates bow to my control,” Teddie said. “I am the king of roller-skates.”
Everything coming out of Teddie’s mouth was pure absurdity.
“Alright, then, your majesty,” Goro said, raising his eyebrows. “Prove it.”
“I will.” Teddie pushed off and began rolling forward at an impressive speed. He continued to
roll until he collapsed face first into the grass with a small ‘umph’.
Yosuke burst out laughing. Goro failed to hold back a snort.
Teddie immediately leapt to his feet, fortunately able to keep his balance in the grass. “Was
that a laugh I heard?”
“I’m not apologizing,” Yosuke said, swiping a few stray tears from his eyes and clutching his
stomach. “That was the best thing I’ve seen all week.”
“Not from you,” Teddie said. “Goro-kun laughed! I thought you hated jokes!”
“What are you talking about?” Goro said. “I don’t hate jokes. I hate puns. There’s a
difference.”
“Is there?” Teddie asked, crossing his arms.

“Ignore him,” Yosuke told Goro. “He’s being ridiculous.”
“What’s going on out here?” asked a deep, unfamiliar voice. Goro tensed, but Yosuke and
Teddie looked totally relaxed as they turned toward the sound.
Two individuals who must have been Yosuke’s parents walked up the driveway. Yosuke’s
father bore a remarkable resemblance to Yosuke as he raised his eyebrows at the scene before
him. “Why does it look like Teddie-kun had a fight with the bicycle and lost?”
“We tied, actually,” Teddie said. “Goro-kun was teaching me how to ride.”
“Goro-kun?” Yosuke’s mother asked. She caught Goro standing stiffly between Yosuke and
Teddie. “Oh, you must be him. It’s wonderful to make your acquaintance.”
Goro took a deep breath and bowed. “You too, Hanamura-san.”
Yosuke was right. They did invite him over for dinner.
Unlike the somewhat tense meals in the Tatsumi household, where Kanji and Goro struggled
to hold a conversation with Tatsumi-san, Yosuke and Teddie’s constant banter kept the
conversation alive. Yosuke’s parents even made jokes of their own about the hectic busyness
at Junes. Goro didn’t contribute much to the conversation, but even then, Yosuke’s parents
asked him about his studies and interests.
It was almost nice.
Aeon Arcana: Rank 3

On Saturday evening, they met at the summer festival. The boys arrived at the shrine sooner
than the girls, and they stood by the mask stand as they waited, watching the other guests mill
around the area.
“Strange,” Yosuke said. “I remember this place being more crowded last year. Is it because of
the murders?”
“Well, I guess I can’t blame people for being scared,” Kanji said. “I don’t see any reporters
around either. They sure have a knack for stirring things up and then disappearing.”
“I bet your festivals were way more crowded in the big city. Huh, Sensei?” Teddie said.
“Oh.” Yu shrugged. “This is my first time coming to one of these.”
“Wait, seriously?” Kanji asked.
“I didn’t see much point in it before,” Yu admitted. “But it looks like fun. I’m glad we
decided to go.”

“We’re going to have to hit all of the stands,” Yosuke said. “Oh! Don’t you fish on the bank?
I bet you’d be a pro at the goldfish scooping game.”
“If you want to see a goldfish, there’s one in Goro’s room,” Kanji said. “It literally only
swims and eats. If you want a real festival experience, you need to go to the ikayaki stand
pronto.”
“We can’t do both?” Yu asked.
“An intriguing counteroffer,” Yosuke said with a wink. “We’ll consider it. Either way, we
should wait for the girls before doing anything.”
“What’s taking them so long anyway?” Kanji asked.
“It’s the summer festival,” Goro said. “I hope you all can be mature about this, but they’re
probably putting on yukata.”
“Oh, that makes sense,” Kanji said with a shrug.
Teddie gasped. “I get to see three beautiful girls in yukata?” A sly smile crawled on his face.
“Perhaps today can finally be Teddie’s lucky day to score a hot stud.”
“Shame,” Goro said. “Teddie isn’t as mature as the rest of us here.”
“What?!”
“You really should stop pursuing the girls,” Kanji said. “You’re way too young for them.”
“And it’s kind of creepy,” Yu said. “That applies for someone else I know too.”
Yosuke looked away. “Sorry.”
Goro’s prediction turned out to be correct. All the girls, including Nanako, paraded into the
shrine in brightly colored yukata. Nanako held a bag of cotton candy.
“Sorry we took so long,” Yukiko said. “It took us longer than we expected to get dressed.”
“Wow, Nana-chan!” Teddie exclaimed. “You look beautiful!”
Nanako giggled. “Thank you,” she said. She looked down at her feet. “It’s kind of hard to
walk, though.”
“That’s the secret, Nanako-chan,” Rise said. “If you want to look beautiful, you have to be at
least a little bit uncomfortable.”
“But you’re always beautiful, Rise-san!” Nanako said, admiration obvious in her eyes.
Rise beamed. “Aw, that’s so nice of you to say.”
“It’s more accurate to say that dressing fancy is kind of uncomfortable at times, huh?” Chie
said.

Nanako nodded. “Mhm!”
Dojima walked up to the group, smiling wearily despite the prominent circles under his eyes.
“Hey, guys. Thanks for looking out for her.”
“Dad!” Nanako spun toward Dojima with a thrilled expression.
“You’re back sooner than I expected, Dojima-san,” Yu said.
“Yeah, well, I miraculously managed to get away from work earlier than usual,” Dojima said.
“They bought me cotton candy!” Nanako held up the cotton candy. “Do you want some?”
“Um, no thanks.” Dojima smiled. “Why don’t you and I go do the target pract– I mean game
with me?”
Nanako nodded. “Let’s go!”
Dojima took Nanako away from the main group. As they left, Nanako spoke at a mile per
minute about her time with the girls.
“She really is a sweet girl,” Yukiko said.
“Of course she is,” Yu said, sounding almost offended that there would be any doubt.
“Alright guys,” Kanji said. “It’s seriously time for us to hit the ikayaki stand. Then Yosuke
wants to show Yu the joys of trying to force a goldfish into a tiny bag.”
“You really have a way of making it sound like fun,” Yosuke said sarcastically.
“You’ve never been goldfish scooping before, Senpai?” Rise asked.
Yu shrugged. “Guess I just never had the opportunity.”
“I remember winning that game once,” Chie said. “My parents didn’t let me keep the goldfish
though.”
“My goldfish is actually from that game,” Goro said. “My friend caught it.”
Teddie gasped. “We can get a pet goldfish for free?”
“Do I really have to say it again?” Kanji said. “Ikayaki first. Goldfish later. I’m starving.”
“Actually, now that you mention it, so am I,” Rise admitted. “Alright! Food first.”
They hit various food stands and watched Yu win the goldfish scooping within thirty seconds.
It was truly a sight to behold. Yu bestowed the goldfish upon Teddie, who declared that he’d
name the fish “Goldie”.
“It’s like my name, but better,” Teddie said.

“I hope you don't expect me to feed it,” Yosuke said.
“Of course not!” Teddie hugged the goldfish bag to his chest gently. “I’ll take Goldie to the
TV world if I have to!”
As Yosuke insisted that was completely unnecessary, an unfamiliar woman walked up to
them. She held a small notebook in her hand.
“Hello there!” she said with a polite bow toward the group before immediately turning to
Rise. “Are you Kujikawa Rise, by any chance?”
Kanji had been too quick to speak when he said there were no more reporters in Inaba. Goro
should have expected this.
Rise’s smile was obviously strained as she laughed airily. “I get that a lot, but I’m just a
lookalike. Would I really be out in the open like this if I were actually an idol?”
“I guess not.” The reporter frowned, but a knowing gleam shone in her eyes. “That’s a shame.
I was hoping to get an interview with her, but I understand that she might want to be left
alone.”
“It can’t be easy being an idol,” Yosuke agreed.
“Well said!” The reporter reached behind her ear and pulled out a pen previously hiding in
her black hair. “That’s alright. Despite what my boss might say, I don’t need an interview
with an idol. And a group of teens might be better anyway.”
“Maybe you should start with introducing yourself,” Goro said, indulging in being
standoffish toward a reporter. As the Detective Prince, he had to be cheerful and polite even
when reporters tried to dig into every inch of his private life.
“Oh, of course.” The reporter lowered her pen and notebook. “My name is Amano Maya. I
work with Kismet Publishing, and I’m currently working on an article for one of our teen
magazines, the Coolest. I was hoping to get an article with Kujikawa-san on the strength it
took to take a step away from showbiz, but I can settle for a high school perspective on
everything that’s been happening in this town.”
“Oh, I know that magazine!” Chie said, brightening. “They had this really good article about
different ways to train for sports.”
“My partner took the pictures for that article,” Amano said with a small smile. “Would any of
you be willing to answer a few questions?”
“Everything that’s been happening in this town?” Yukiko asked. “Do you mean the
murders?”
“Partially,” Amano admitted, only the tiniest of blushes spreading across her light skin. “I
understand if you wouldn’t want to talk about that. But Inaba seems to be a hotspot for
celebrity activity as well. Not only is this Kujikawa-san’s hometown, but rumor has it that
up-and-coming detective Shirogane Naoto has been spotted here as well.”

“He’s famous?” Kanji asked in alarm.
“Not quite as famous as Risette,” Amano said. “But he’s gaining popularity.” She clicked her
pen thoughtfully. “Maybe I can get an interview with him.”
“I don’t know if he’s really the interviewing type,” Yosuke said.
“This interview,” Yu said. “Would it be anonymous?”
“If you want it to be.”
In the end, Yu, Yosuke, Teddie, and Chie consented to be interviewed. They stepped aside
from the main group as Amano asked them different questions. They were too far away to
hear, but judging by their mild expressions, the interview wasn’t too violating.
When they were done, they walked back up to the main group. Teddie was practically
skipping, looking thrilled with himself.
“Thank you so much for your help,” Amano said with another bow. “Have a good evening.”
“You too, Amano-san,” Goro said.
“Oh, and if you do happen to run into your doppelganger…” Amano scrawled her number on
her notepad and ripped off the page. She handed it to Rise. “Tell her to consider giving me a
call. But no pressure.”
Amano walked away and disappeared from view. Rise frowned at the phone number.
Chie smiled. “She was nice.”
“Am I going to be famous now?” Teddie asked. “Like Rise-chan?”
Yosuke sighed. “I really wouldn’t count on it.” He glanced at Rise. “Do you intend on calling
her?”
“Probably not,” Rise said, folding the paper and stuffing it between her obi. “But if I do go
back into show business, maybe I’ll let her have an interview. As a thank you for more or less
respecting my privacy.”

Goro’s phone rang the following morning.
“Hey, Akechi-kun,” Akira said. “You know the summer festival?”
“I might have heard of it,” Goro said dryly.
“Right.” Akira’s voice was embarrassed. “Well, I haven’t had the opportunity to go yet this
year, and I know it’s open for at least another day. I thought maybe you’d like to come with
me later this afternoon?”

“Oh, I’d be glad to.” Goro was unable to hide some of his surprise from his voice. “What
time would you like to meet up?”
At their agreed time, Goro met Akira in front of the shrine. When they entered the festival,
Akira looked around with a dazed expression.
“It’s been a couple of years since I’ve been to one of these,” Akira admitted. “What do you
like to do?”
Goro refused to admit that he had mostly just followed his friends around in recent years.
Before that, he hadn’t attended a festival since before his mother had died.
Goro could have opinions. Goro knew how to have fun without the help others.
Akira looked at him expectantly. An old fear of failure crept up inside Goro. What if Akira
was unimpressed by his choices? What if he was disappointed? Goro wasn’t sure if he was
afraid that Akira would be disappointed by Goro or by the festival itself. Neither options
were preferable.
“My friend swears by the ikayaki,” Goro said.
“Are they good?”
“They were fine,” Goro said.
Akira snorted. “I guess I can give them a try.”
They ended up sampling multiple different foods. Akira ended up enjoying the okonomiyaki
the best. The irony of okonomiyaki being a type of pancake was not lost on Goro, even if
there was no way Akira could have known about Goro’s unpleasant association with
pancakes.
Even surrounded by sweet smells and the festival’s red glow, Goro could picture himself
smiling at the Phantom Thieves all while he planned to kill Akira. He remembered thinking
that they were all a group of fools. But it turned out they weren’t as ignorant as Goro thought.
“You don’t want some?” Akira asked, holding out his plate toward Goro. “It didn’t insult
your family, did it?”
“Insult my family– what are you talking about?”
“You’re looking at it like it offended you personally,” Akira said. He ate another large bite.
“That’s not a normal response.”
“It didn’t offend me personally,” Goro said. “It’s just food.”
“In that case, are you sure you don’t want some?” Akira asked. “You’ve barely eaten
anything all night.”
“I’m not that hungry.”

“Well, I’m starting to overflow,” Akira said. “Have some.”
Goro rolled his eyes and snatched the plate from Akira. He took a small bite of the
okonomiyaki. It was actually quite good.
“There,” Goro said. “Happy?”
“I want it back now, please,” Akira said. Goro returned the plate, and Akira finished the food
off in less than a minute. Had Akira really made such a fuss just to prove a point? What
point? That Goro could enjoy food he resented?
“For someone who was full, you ate that quickly,” Goro said. “Delicious pancakes, were
they?”
“They did taste really good,” Akira said regretfully. “But I actually am full now. Maybe we
could try the target game we saw earlier?”
Goro had been hoping Akira wouldn’t bring up the target game. Although the guns were
certainly toys, he didn’t have the best association with the weapons. Maybe Goro could
pretend they were evokers instead.
“Sure,” Goro said. And then, because a part of Goro could not shake the memory of Akira
being his bitter rival, he added, “We could make a contest out of it.”
“I don’t have the best aim,” Akira said. “Is it whoever hits the best prize wins?”
“That will do.”
Goro went first. Taking the fake pistol, Goro resisted the urge to show off flagrantly and hit
the top prize. Goro wouldn’t know what to do with a pair of earrings anyway. He shot the set
of nice-looking pens instead.
The vendor congratulated Goro and handed him his prize. Akira gave Goro an impressed
nod.
“Well done,” he said.
Goro forced back his smirk. “It’s your turn.”
Akira took the gun and aimed it at a pair of headphones, one of the most difficult prizes.
Akira frowned in concentration, and Goro bit back the urge to scoff. Akira would be better
served to pick an easier target closer to where Goro aimed–
Akira’s cork hit the box of headphones slightly off-center. The vendor looked astonished as
he handed Akira his prize.
Goro probably looked astonished. He should have known better than to go easy on Akira.
Akira grinned. “This is good,” he said. “I needed new headphones.”

“How did you do that?” Goro asked, pretending his pride wasn’t wounded.
“I have an old toy I practice with when I’m bored,” Akira said. “I’ve been doing it less to
prioritize my studies, so I’ve gotten a little rusty.”
Come to think of it, Akira never had an issue hitting enemies with his model gun in the
metaverse. Goro assumed that Akira simply had the cognition of never being able to miss, or
that his time playing Gun About at the arcade had improved his abilities. It hadn’t occurred to
him that there was more to it than that.
“Well, I’m impressed,” Goro said.
Akira beamed. “Thanks.”

“It’s finally beach day!” Chie said. “Let me tell you, I have been looking forward to this.”
“Well, it's something to help me forget about school starting up again soon,” Kanji said. “I
can’t believe summer vacation is almost over.”
“Now’s seriously not the time to think about that,” Yosuke said. “I can’t have fun if I’m busy
thinking about school.”
“R-right. Sorry.”
They all stood in front of Yosuke’s house, waiting for Junpei to arrive and pick them up.
They gathered fifteen minutes earlier than Junpei agreed to arrive, which probably meant
they were going to stand there for half an hour. Junpei wasn’t exactly known for his
punctuality.
“When do you think your friend is going to get here?” Yukiko asked Goro. “It’s already been
ten minutes.”
“If we’re lucky, he’ll be here within the next five minutes,” Goro said. He’d prefer not to
throw Junpei under the bus before the group had even met him.
“I know that this is for the betterment of the group, but it would have been really cool if we
all could have driven to the beach on our scooters,” Yosuke said. “It’s such a nice day too.”
“It’s probably for the best, who knows what might have happened with all of us on the road
anyway,” Kanji said.
“I’ll have you know that I’m an excellent driver,” Rise said indignantly.
“Didn’t you just get your license?” Yu asked.
Rise looked ready to protest, but at that moment, Junpei’s van drove up in front of them.
Goro checked the time on his phone. Impressive. Junpei was actually a minute early.

Junpei rolled down his window and grinned at them. “Did somebody order a trip to the
beach?”
“Wow, Goro-kun,” Teddie said. “You didn’t tell me that your friend was cool.”
“I’m hurt,” Junpei said, still grinning. “How could you not have told them all about me?”
“It hasn’t really come up in conversation,” Goro said.
“Ah, well, they have plenty of time to get to know me now,” Junpei said. “Pile in, everyone.”
They entered Junpei’s van, which was actually tidier than Goro expected. The gray seats
smelled vaguely of fabric softener. Had he recently gotten the vehicle cleaned?
“It’s a short drive, but I have some snacks in the back seats,” Junpei said. “But you have to
tell me if any of you find the penguin cracker.”
“You know about that?” Goro asked.
“Everybody knows about that,” Rise said. “Once I thought I had found it, but it turned out I
had just bitten the head off of a different animal.”
“I found the real deal,” Kanji said proudly. “I took a picture of it.”
“Aw man, you should totally show me when we get back,” Junpei said. “I made a bet with
Yukari that I could find it before she did. Now we eat nothing but those animal crackers.”
“Sounds like a healthy lifestyle to have,” Goro said dryly.
“Well, I’m increasing my chances by having other people go through the animal crackers for
me,” Junpei admitted.
“We’re more than happy to contribute,” Yu said, his mouth half-full of crackers. “I forgot to
eat breakfast this morning.”
“I thought we talked about this,” Yosuke said, his voice pitching in concern. “Breakfast is the
most important meal of the day.”
“I usually eat breakfast,” Yu said defensively. “I just forgot.”
“Oh yeah, like that one week where you kept forgetting every single day?”
“I kept sleeping in, that’s not my fault.”
“You know what? We’ll talk about this later,” Yosuke huffed. “Give me some of those animal
crackers.”
Yu apologetically handed Yosuke a couple of crackers. Yosuke shoved them into his mouth
and chomped on them aggressively.

The rest of the drive went by uneventfully. Junpei didn’t crash, and nobody else argued over
their eating habits. When they arrived at the beach, Teddie was particularly delighted to find
out that no surprise rain clouds had come to ruin the day.
“It had been clear all morning,” Kanji said. “And the weathermen said it wouldn’t rain.”
“And now it might be clear all afternoon,” Teddie said. “Besides, Yosuke-kun told me the
weathermen weren’t always right.”
“He has a point,” Chie sighed.
“I don’t know,” Yu said reluctantly. “They’ve been pretty spot on recently.”
“Alright, everyone!” Rise clapped her hands. “Let’s change into our suits. That ocean is
calling my name.”
“I’m more of a sandcastle competition guy myself,” Junpei said.
Everyone except Goro gave Junpei a confused look. Goro’s expression was far more
unimpressed as Junpei winked.
“Eh, ignore me. Have fun, you guys. I’ll be here when you’re ready to head on back.”
“Thank you very much Iori-san,” Yukiko said with a bow. Everyone else echoed her.
“Don’t mention it.” Junpei smiled. “Everyone needs to have fun every now and then. I’m
planning on catching some rays myself.”
Goro emerged from the bathroom after changing into his swimsuit. Junpei already stood next
to the door.
“Catch.”
Junpei tossed an object at Goro, who barely caught it before it smacked him in the face. It
was a canister of sunscreen, and Goro looked up at Junpei skeptically.
“I didn’t realize you were concerned about sunburns,” he said.
“Let’s just say it’s a gift from Mitsuru,” Junpei said. “Well, no. I bought it. But she told me to
make sure you sunscreened, so it’s mostly her fault.”
“I would have remembered,” Goro said. It was a blatant lie. He hadn’t even brought any. A
few burns on his skin were the least of his worries.
“Cool, there’ll be enough to go around,” Junpei said. “Now, go do what you do best.”
“And what would that be?”
“Boss around your ‘super cool’ teenage friends.” Junpei chuckled and shook his head fondly.
“Junpei, you’re eighteen.”

“And?”
“You’re still a teenager.”
“Am I? That’s incredible, really. I feel so much older and wiser.”
“You’re ridiculous.” Goro rolled his eyes and started to smear sunscreen on his face. “I hope
you remembered to sunscreen yourself on Mitsuru’s behalf.”
“Nuh uh,” Junpei said. “You’re only meant to boss around your younger teenager friends.”
“Tough luck.” Goro chucked the bottle back at Junpei. Junpei yelped.

“Don’t you want to go in the water, Goro-kun?” Rise asked a few hours later. “It’s super
refreshing!”
Goro sat at the edge of the ocean and stared at the endless expanse. His fear of drowning had
subsided slightly over the years, but the waves were looking somewhat unforgiving. How
well would he be able to handle being unexpectedly dunked? The last thing he needed was
another panic attack while underwater.
Besides, a small part of Goro was afraid that Theodore’s necklace would come undone in the
ocean and be lost forever. Goro wasn’t sure how he’d react to losing one of his only
protections in the world.
“I’m content over here,” Goro said. “Feel free to splash me if I’m looking too hot.”
Chie instantly took that opportunity to kick the water toward Goro. A few drops splashed
across Goro’s face, and Goro flinched from the cold. He spat out the small amount of the saltflavored liquid that got into his mouth.
Goro kicked water back toward Chie. She shrieked. “Hey, no fair!”
“I never said I wasn’t going to fight back,” Goro said dryly.
Chie clapped her hand over her fist. “If it’s a fight you want,” she said. “Then it’s a fight
you’re going to get!”
It was somewhat difficult to have a proper water fight when Goro was only standing a few
inches into the ocean and Chie was still trying to keep herself submerged. They were left with
a very awkward looking competition in which they attempted to splash water extremely long
distances. Very little water actually hit the intended target.
“This is painful to watch,” Kanji said.
“No, no, I’ve almost got him this time,” Chie said.
“You’ve got this,” Yukiko said encouragingly.

Kanji sighed. “Y’all do your own thing. I’m going to keep him company so that I don't have
to keep watching this.” He started to swim toward the shore. “Don’t try any funny business
while I’m gone, Teddie.”
“I’m a perfect gentleman,” Teddie said. “Sensei has been coaching me on how to charm the
ladies.”
“Oh, so that’s why you’ve been making less dirty jokes,” Rise said.
“Good work, Yu-kun!” Chie cheered. She waved at Yu, who was standing on the beach and
speaking to Yosuke.
As Kanji got out of the water, Goro was spurred into action. He grabbed a nearby beach
towel and threw it at Kanji. It landed square on Kanji’s face. Goro squeezed his eyes shut and
tried to expel the fresh image from his mind.
“What?” Kanji asked, his voice muffled by the towel. “What is it?”
“How the hell can you not notice that your bathing suit has come off?” Goro hissed. “Cover
yourself!”
“Holy shit!”

Chapter End Notes

Almost put the date down for this chapter as '2023', ive been doing too much mla format
(even tho the year is 2024 idk what to tell you)
Kinda wanted to do a april fools chapter yesterday but i did not. Those of you on tumblr,
i hope you enjoyed the booping. I certainly did. Much better than the toothpaste oreo I
was tricked into eating.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 60: August 23–August 26, 2011
Chapter Summary

MORE SUMMER SHENANIGANS
And then some not so shenanigans
BUT THEN ITS BACK TO SHENANIGANS

Chapter Notes

tw: ptsd, implied/referenced child abuse and neglect, discussion of death and murder

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“I’m glad we found your swimsuit,” Yosuke said. “And I’m glad that Akechi found a towel
before anything happened.”
“Yeah, well, that was embarrassing as all hell,” Kanji said. “Can we pretend it never
happened?”
“It was probably the most exciting part of the trip so far,” Yu admitted.
“Oh, shut up.”
Yosuke leaned against the railing overlooking the beach. Goro and Teddie were currently
competing against Chie and Yukiko in a sandcastle-building competition that Iori had
suggested. Somehow, Chie and Yukiko seemed to be winning. Yosuke was astonished those
two could create anything without accidentally destroying what they touched.
“I think Teddie is dragging Goro-kun down,” Yu said. He must’ve spotted what Yosuke was
staring at. “He seems better at building sandcastles than that.”
“Well, he can’t be perfect at everything,” Kanji said. “Not like you seem to be, Senpai.”
Yu raised his eyebrows. “What are you talking about?”
“You do seem to be good at everything,” Yosuke admitted.
“Not everything,” Yu said quietly. “There’s a reason I opted out of the sandcastle building.”

“Because you were going to crush everyone in the competition?” Yosuke asked half-jokingly.
“Oh yeah, that’s exactly it.” Yu rolled his eyes. “I was going to literally crush everyone’s
sandcastles. My stomping skills are unsurpassable.”
“We could help,” Yosuke said. “Then we would be the winners, right?”
“I’m not sure those are the rules,” Kanji said. “I have a feeling we’d just be disqualified for
sabotage.”
“Aren’t we the judges?” Yu said. “We can make up the rules as we go along.”
“Oh yeah.” Kanji’s expression brightened. “We can’t disqualify ourselves, can we?”
“But Rise’s the announcer,” Yosuke said. “She could disqualify us.”
“Ah, damn, you’re right.”
Chie and Yukiko had begun embellishing their castle with seashells. Teddie and Goro were
still trying to keep theirs from falling apart.
A heavy grief weighed down on Yosuke’s chest. Here they were, having fun, when they
didn’t even know if they had actually caught the killer. It was an unsettling thought.
“The good times never last long,” Yosuke said. He sighed. “I wonder if our high school days
will end like this too.”
“What’s with that attitude?” Kanji asked. “We’re saving people, aren’t we? Even if we
haven’t caught the original killer, we can still rescue people from the television.”
Yosuke grimaced. “Not as comforting as you could have been.”
“We don’t know what the future will bring,” Yu said. “It’s important that we enjoy the good
times we have with each other. It beats worrying about bad things that might never happen.”
“Sure.” Yosuke forced on a grin. “This trip has been pretty great anyway. How about we go
skiing in the winter? I’m pretty good on a snowboard.”
“Talking about winter already?” Kanji asked. “Summer vacation hasn’t even ended yet.”
Yu’s expression was uncharacteristically closed off as he stared at the ocean. Had Yosuke said
something wrong?
“Senpai?” Kanji asked. “You good?”
“If you don’t like skiing, we don’t have to,” Yosuke said. “It was just a suggestion.”
“Let’s do it,” Yu said. He smiled and looked back at them. “We gotta enjoy the time we have,
right?”

Oh. Yosuke had somehow completely forgotten that Yu was going to leave Inaba in the
spring. Winter wasn’t far off from that. Leave it to Yosuke to bring down the mood.
“Damn straight.” Kanji nodded. “Killer or no, we’d better have the best times of our lives
together.”
“Isn’t that a little extreme?” Yosuke asked, grateful that Kanji gave him something to
hopefully divert the conversation.
“You can never be too extreme when you’re trying to have a good time.”
“I don’t think that’s true,” Yu said.
“Yeah,” Yosuke said. “If we were having too much fun, we’d be destroying Yukiko and
Chie’s finely crafted architecture.”

As the sun began to set, everybody piled back into Junpei’s van. Junpei drove them back to
Inaba. Everybody was exhausted, so conversation was far more subdued. Teddie fell asleep
against Yosuke’s shoulder almost as soon as Junpei had started the ignition.
“If it’s alright with you guys, I can drop you all off individually,” Junpei said. “It’s probably
not safe for you guys to be walking back to your houses at this time of night.”
Everybody agreed. Junpei dropped everyone off until there was only Kanji and Goro left in
the back seats of the van.
“This is our final stop,” Junpei said, pulling to a halt in front of the Tatsumi residence.
“Thank you for riding with Junpei Transportations.”
“Thanks a million,” Kanji said as he got out of the van. “I can’t tell you how relieved I am I
didn’t have to bike all that distance.”
“Anytime.”
Goro made no move to exit the vehicle. Kanji gave Goro a confused look. “Are you coming
or what?”
“I’ll be out in a minute,” Goro said. “I just want to speak to Junpei-kun in private.”
Kanji still looked confused, but he shrugged. “Suit yourself, I guess.” He shut the door of the
van and walked a few paces away. He stood in front of the front door with his arms crossed,
clearly waiting for Goro to come out first. Goro appreciated the caution.
“Uh oh, am I in trouble?” Junpei asked. His voice was light, but the look in his eyes was
more guarded.
“Are you going to be driving back to Iwatodai tonight?” Goro asked.

“I didn’t exactly rent a hotel room,” Junpei said. “Don’t worry about me. I’ll take a nap
before leaving.”
“I’m not worried about that,” Goro said. “I actually had a favor to ask of you.”
“Yeah? What’s up?”
Goro pulled a small piece of paper from his pocket with a map of the area surrounding Inaba.
A small red circle marked the spot where Tsuyoshi's car was still located according to the
tracker.
“Could you stay at Inaba for one more day?” Goro asked quietly. “I want you to take me to
this location tomorrow morning.”
“Goro,” Junpei said, furrowing his brows. “This is the middle of nowhere.”
“I know that,” Goro snapped. “It’s important that you take me there. It’s for the
investigation.”
“And that’s why your friends can’t be there to overhear you, right?” Junpei asked. “Don’t
give me BS, Goro. I wrote the book on it.”
“You just have to trust me on this,” Goro said.
“Right, because you clearly trust me enough to tell me the truth.” Junpei lightly whacked
Goro’s head with the sheet of paper. “I thought you were getting better at this whole trust
thing.”
“It’s not a trust issue,” Goro said. The piece of paper crinkled loudly as Goro snatched it from
Junpei’s hand. “I don’t want you to get mixed up in something you can’t handle.”
“That is the exact definition of not trusting me,” Junpei said. “I can take care of myself.”
“Well, so can I.”
Junpei sighed and rested his elbows against the steering wheel. He massaged his eyes
exhaustedly. “I can’t take you to this unknown location without knowing where I’m taking
you. You’re already involving me in whatever this dangerous task is. You might as well tell
me the truth.”
“You’ll tell Mitsuru.”
“Well, if it’s dangerous, then yeah.”
Maybe Goro should just tell the truth. What was he so afraid of? Junpei wasn’t wrong. He
could handle himself. And Goro could really use a person to confide in, even if it meant all
the others finding out as well.
But Tsuyoshi wasn’t just any enemy. He was practically untouchable. How powerful was he
in the metaverse, where he had free access to the cognitive world’s abilities? How many more

lives would Goro have on his conscience?
“I thought I spotted one of Shido’s goons in Inaba,” Goro said, pushing back his guilt. “I put
one of the trackers Fuuka gave me on his car. I want to make sure Shido isn’t doing
something that will make his rise to power all the easier.”
It was close enough to the truth to pull off the lie convincingly. It helped that Shido had
begun to gain fame in Japan. He had been elected in the past year, and people were starting to
bring his name more and more frequently. It was clear that Shido’s plans were beginning to
come into play.
Goro needed to call Isshiki sooner rather than later. He just had no idea how he was meant to
sound like any credible authority on the matter of her death. Mitsuru had already tried to
convince Isshiki to work for the Kirijo group instead, but Isshiki had naturally found such an
offer suspicious and refused.
“Seriously?” Junpei asked. His voice was less doubtful and more surprised. “What could he
want in the middle of nowhere?”
“I don’t know,” Goro said. “Maybe it's a secret base of operations. Or maybe they discovered
something similar to the plumes of darkness. I don’t remember Shido using them when I was
‘under his employment’, but I wasn’t intimately familiar with all the facets of his operation.”
“Scary,” Junpei said. “Okay. Sure. I’ll help you. But we’re just there for recon, alright? If it
looks like it's too much for us to manage, we’re calling Mitsuru. She has some political
power too.”
“And it’s doing us a lot of good,” Goro muttered. “Has she made any progress in defaming
Shido?”
“I don’t know much about this stuff, but your story makes it clear it’s not that simple with
this guy,” Junpei said. “Give it time. I’m sure she’ll manage to come up with something.”
If Goro recalled correctly, the Kirijo group had tried to push against Shido’s rampant
nationalism the first time around as well. Shido wielded too much power for Mitsuru to fight
him even then. Goro recalled ending a few Kirijo executives to weaken the company himself.
If Mitsuru had a shadow, he probably would have killed her too.
That nauseating thought alone was enough to remind Goro that Mitsuru would only have so
much sway in this battle. Even if Goro was out of the picture of Shido’s conspiracy, it wasn’t
stopping Shido from finding some other way to tap into the cognitive world’s power.
Or maybe, miraculously, it would. Goro wasn’t about to hold his breath.
And at this current date in time, Shido might not be doing anything openly scandalous. There
was a limit to how much Mitsuru could even begin to accuse him of. As a matter of fact, if
Mitsuru dug too deep, Shido would just target her as he gained more influence. Akechi would
have to remind her to be careful.

“Fine,” Goro said. “You’ll pick me up tomorrow morning?”
“You got it,” Junpei said. “Leave it to you to complicate even a simple trip to the beach.”
“How do I do it,” Goro said dryly.
Goro got out of the truck and joined Kanji, who looked extremely impatient. “Was everything
alright back there?” he asked. “He didn’t threaten you or anything, right?”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Goro said. “He’s saved my life more times than I can count.”
“Oh. Really?”
“Yes.” They had all saved each other’s lives at one point or another while exploring Tartarus.
“But I appreciate your concern.”
“Don’t mention it.” Kanji exhaled wearily. “Come on, I’m beat.”
When they stepped inside, they were assaulted by the smell of freshly cooked meat and
vegetables. Kanji and Goro both shared looks of confusion. It was a little late into the day to
have dinner.
“Ma?!” Kanji asked as he took off his shoes. “We’re back!”
Tatsumi poked her head out of the kitchen and smiled. “I was wondering when you boys
would be getting back. Did you have fun?”
“Uh, yeah,” Kanji said. They followed Tatsumi into the kitchen, where an entire meal was
still being prepared. “Didn’t you eat dinner by yourself?”
“You told me yourself that you probably wouldn’t eat any proper food,” Tatsumi said. “After
you two shower, I thought you would enjoy having a relaxing meal.”
“Well, I would,” Kanji said. He still looked somewhat stunned. “Thanks.”
Goro struggled to wrap his mind around what he was staring at. It was nearly nine o’clock at
night, which was certainly later than they usually ate. Not to mention that Tatsumi had made
far nicer food than she normally did. Why had she gone so far out of her way?
“That counts for you too, Akechi-kun,” Tatsumi said. “The food will be ready when you’ve
cleaned up.”
“Of course, Tatsumi-san,” Goro said automatically. “You didn’t have to go out of your way
for us.”
“Of course, I did,” Tatsumi said, chuckling. “You two are growing boys. I have to make sure
you’re well-fed, don’t I?”
“Naturally.” All guardians made sure their children were well-fed. That’s why Goro kept a
stash of food in his room.

Goro and Kanji cleaned themselves and ate with Tatsumi. The food was delicious. Goro
wasn’t sure if that was because he spent an entire day at the beach or if Tatsumi had managed
to make her food taste better than usual. He didn’t ask.
Kanji and Tatsumi got into a debate over which stitch was better in crocheting. Goro was
satisfied with staying silent. Not only was he abhorrent at crocheting, but this whole affair
was unsettling. Making a nice meal for children who wasted their entire day at the beach
wasn’t normal behavior for adults.
Kanji didn’t look bothered by it. Goro tried not to let his tension show.
“Thank you very much for the meal,” Goro said when he finished eating. “I really appreciate
it, Tatsumi-san.”
“I’m so glad you enjoyed it,” Tatsumi said. “You didn’t talk much during dinner. Did you
enjoy your day?”
Goro swallowed and pasted on a smile. “It was fun,” he said truthfully.
When he returned to his room, he lay down on his futon and stared at the ceiling. Everything
was strange about this place. Tatsumi didn’t behave like any other adult he had met, and it
wasn’t just her occasional random statements about cloth work.
If Goro didn’t know better, he’d say that Tatsumi cared about him.
The thought was absurd. Adults didn’t care about Goro. Or, at least, living adults certainly
didn’t. Tatsumi was probably just being kind to keep Kanji from being upset with her.
“You’ve been a joy to have at my home.”
Lies. All people ever did was lie. Goro just fed Junpei a handful.
Goro barely slept that night.
Hierophant Arcana: Rank 4

Junpei picked him up early that morning and said he guessed the drive to take almost two
hours, especially since it was possible they were going to have to go offroad. Goro didn’t
particularly care how long it took, as long as they got there eventually.
Junpei spent the first half-hour of the drive talking about his baseball team and how good it
felt to be back into the sport. He then mentioned how the others occasionally came to games.
Goro nodded and exclaimed at the appropriate segments, but he couldn’t stay invested in the
conversation.
“But what about you?” Junpei asked. “What sort of shenanigans have you gotten into in this
small-town life?”

“Oh, the usual,” Goro said. “I worked at Junes for a week. Taught a bear how to ride a bike.
Investigate murders.”
“That’s quite the lineup,” Junpei said.
“That’s one word for it.”
The air conditioner hummed loudly between them. Goro looked out the window and watched
trees zoom past them restlessly.
“Okay, what’s on your mind?” Junpei asked. “You’re being way more quiet than usual.”
“Ah yes, because I’m known for being the life of the conversation.”
“You’re typically more talkative than this,” Junpei said. “What’s going on? You nervous?”
“No. I’m excited out of my mind to be investigating this potentially dangerous lead,” Goro
said sarcastically. “Of course I’m nervous.”
“Okay. Maybe that was a stupid question.” Junpei drummed his fingers against the steering
wheel restlessly. “What about school? Anything interesting happening there?”
“I took exams,” Goro said. “They were about as dreadful as I expected them to be.”
“Tell me about it,” Junpei said. “I’m so glad to be done with that life.”
“Imagine.” Goro felt a headache coming on. “You don’t have to worry about your grades ever
again.”
“I’m sure your grades are nothing to worry about,” Junpei said. “Mitsuru said that you got
top of your class in exams.”
“I did,” Goro admitted. “It helps that I’ve taken them all before.”
“Well, sure,” Junpei said. “But I probably would have forgotten all that information if I were
in your shoes. It can still be impressive.”
“Would you consider it impressive if someone found the test answers in the faculty office,
read them, and then remembered them on the day of the test a few months later?” Goro
asked.
“That’s not the same,” Junpei said. “Besides, this is a completely different school. It would
have been a different test.”
“That’s not the point.” Goro grit his teeth. “Everyone around me has had years less life
experience than I do. I didn’t earn that score. I shouldn’t even be in that class.”
“It’s not your fault.”

“I could have graduated by now,” Goro whispered. “If I had been less foolish, if I had just
lived a normal life, I could have been out of high school. I could be in university. I wouldn’t
be here, driving to God knows where.”
Junpei didn’t say anything for a long moment. “I’m sorry.”
Goro sighed. “If it’s not my fault, it’s certainly not yours. Forget I said anything.”
Junpei stopped at a stoplight. When they were finally able to continue forward, Junpei said,
“You know, you’re allowed to be upset about your situation.”
“Good. I am.”
“You’re allowed to complain about it too.”
“What’s there to complain about?” Goro asked. “Most people don’t get a second chance on
life. I should be grateful.”
“Sure, but… I know I’d be frustrated if I had to re-do everything with the Dark Hour. Even
if…” Junpei’s voice cracked. “Even if I could change things. It would still be hard.”
“You live a happy and fulfilling life,” Goro said. “It’s not the same. There was no way I
would find happiness where I was.”
“You don’t know that.”
“I wasn’t a good person,” Goro snapped. “I was evil. I would have either spent my entire life
in jail or lived a lie. Hell, I’m still living a lie.”
“One, just because you did bad things, it doesn’t mean you were evil incarnate. Please, don’t
talk about yourself like that.”
“I was evil,” Goro insisted. “What else do you call a person who kills for his own benefit?”
“I don’t know, confused?” Junpei suggested. “Manipulated? You were a kid, Goro. A kid
who did some really bad things, sure, but you died when you were my age. And, as you so
kindly pointed out yesterday, I’m still a teenager.”
“You weren’t there!” Goro shouted, his voice cracking. “Stop talking about it like you were
there!”
Junpei flinched, and Goro put his head in his hands.
“Sorry,” Junpei said. “I just hate it when you talk about yourself like that.”
“I shouldn’t have snapped.” Goro sat up and rested his head against the headrest. “I’m just…
things would have never worked out for me in my old life. Even if I had turned over a new
leaf.”
“You can still miss it,” Junpei said softly.

“I don’t miss it.” Goro’s headache was getting worse. “What’s there to miss?”
Junpei didn’t say anything. Goro released a breath and said, “Look. I’m sorry. Can we please
just change the subject?”
“Sure.” Junpei smiled. “What’s all this about teaching a bear how to ride a bike?”
“It’s a long story,” Goro sighed before launching into an explanation.

A small gravel path conveniently branched off from a paved road and lead them to their
destination. Goro supposed that even Tsuyoshi didn’t want to drive his beautiful car into the
wilderness without some sort of road.
“If this is a secret operation, I feel bad for the evil goons who have to commute to this place,”
Junpei said as the van jostled up and down erratically.
“How far away are we?” Goro asked.
“Maybe half a mile,” Junpei said. “Why?”
“We should pull over. Not only will it be better for the van, but this isn’t the most discrete
approach in the world.”
“Good point.”
Junpei parked the van behind a couple of trees. It wasn’t remotely hidden, but at least it
wasn’t sitting in the middle of the road. If Tsuyoshi really was at this place, he’d probably
detect their presence when they got close enough anyway, no matter where Junpei’s van was.
“Alright,” Junpei whispered as they closed the van doors. “Remember. We’re just here for
reconnaissance.”
“I heard you the first time,” Goro said. “Come on, let’s go.”
They continued alongside the road, slowing their pace the closer they got to their theoretical
destination. In spite of this, Junpei was no expert in keeping his footsteps quiet. Goro jumped
every time he cracked a stick.
“Sorry,” Junpei said.
Goro silenced him with a furious look.
Even in the forest, the sun glinted against the surface of Tsuyosh’s car. Goro held a hand in
front of Junpei to stop him. They stood in dead silence as they waited for any sound of
footsteps or speaking.
A bird chirped above them. They both flinched.

“I don’t think anyone’s here,” Junpei said as quietly as possible.
“I’m getting that too,” Goro said. “Keep your guard up.”
Their gait became more careless as they approached the vehicle. It was parked next to the
gravel path, looking completely abandoned. If it weren’t for the fact that it was still as clean
and well-kept as it always was, Goro would have assumed that Tsuyoshi just abandoned it in
the forest.
The only sign of civilization in the area was a run-down shed sitting at the end of the gravel
path. A rusted metal latch sat on the door.
“Well, this is anticlimactic,” Junpei said. “I thought you said you saw one of Shido’s goons
get into that expensive-looking car.”
“I did,” Goro said. “He must have noticed the tracker and tried to throw me off the trail.”
“No, if you throw someone off the trail, you take the tracker out and throw it in the middle of
nowhere. You don’t abandon your vehicle in the middle of nowhere.”
Goro wouldn't put it past Tsuyoshi to leave his vehicle in the middle of the woods. He
probably had his own, more supernatural ways of getting from place to place. The car was
likely only there for storage purposes when Tsuyoshi wasn’t haunting Inaba. Junpei couldn’t
know that, though.
“We can always try this lock,” Goro said. “You check the car.”
Junpei tugged at the handle of the door to the driver’s seat of the vehicle. The door didn’t
budge.
“Want me to break the window?” Junpei offered.
Goro circled the shed. There were no windows for him to walk through. Goro would have
preferred that Tsuyoshi have no idea Goro was even at this place. As it was, however, Goro
would have to break something to gain any new information.
“Maybe try to see if the car has anything of interest in it before breaking in,” Goro said. He
inspected the rusted lock on the shed’s door. It would be difficult to break, but the shed itself
looked like it was falling to pieces. “Help me with this door.”
Goro and Junpei kicked the door into multiple pieces. They managed to make a hole in the
shed large enough that they wouldn’t accidentally give themselves a load of splinters when
stepping through.
“They’re definitely going to know we were here now,” Junpei lamented.
“Well, no one is here as witnesses,” Goro snapped. “And I’m not walking away empty
handed.”
“What happened to scoping the area?”

“This is scoping the area.”
The shed was as small on the inside as it was on the outside. Goro pressed down his
disappointment. It was a good thing that they hadn’t been accidentally sucked into the
metaverse. It was safer that way.
The interior itself was as sparse as the outside. A half-broken chair sat in the corner of the
room, covered in cobwebs. An equally filthy desk lay sideways against the back wall. Junpei
opened one of the drawers and yelped as a spider crawled out.
“Anything in there?” Goro asked.
“Yeah, maybe ten generations of spiders,” Junpei said. He rubbed his hand against his pantleg. “Nothing very evil-looking.”
Goro searched the other drawer. No spiders lived inside, but half a century’s worth of dust
probably did.
Junpei looked over Goro’s shoulder. “Well, this is a bust. Sorry that the tracker thing didn’t
work out.”
“Well, we know that the device works,” Goro said. “That was the car I tagged.”
“Those Shido guys have to be filthy rich,” Junpei said, stepping back and rubbing the back of
his neck. “Imagine just abandoning a perfectly good car in the middle of nowhere.”
Goro turned around back toward the mangled remains of the door. The streak of sunlight that
filtered through illuminated the clouds of dust floating through the air. Goro almost coughed
on principle.
“Hey, wait,” Junpei said. “Look.”
Junpei pointed toward the back wall next to the door. The sun glinted off a smooth surface
leaning against the wall. Upon closer inspection, it was a large mirror probably a foot taller
than Junpei. The reflective surface was hardly touched by dust, and the glass hadn’t warped.
“This is new,” Goro said. He frowned at his own reflection. Junpei’s face appeared over
Goro’s shoulder.
“Some evil dude dropped off a massive mirror at a random shed and walked back home?”
Junpei asked, obviously half-sarcastically.
Goro flicked the glass experimentally. His fingers bounced off the surface. Everything else
about the mirror was so painfully mundane that Goro almost didn’t believe that it had any
significance at all. The only thing of note were odd scorch marks on the ground and walls
surrounding the mirror, but nothing on the actual mirror itself.
“There must be more than meets the eye.” Goro tried to move the mirror, but no matter how
hard he strained, the mirror didn’t budge. “Junpei, help me.”

“Got it.”
Junpei and Goro stood on one side of the mirror and pressed their entire weight against it. It
felt like pushing against an extremely thin brick wall. Goro’s heart raced from the effort, but
the mirror didn’t yield.
“Yeah, call this a hunch, but I don’t think we can move this thing,” Junpei said. “I don’t think
that car could have moved it.”
Goro pulled out his phone and took an extremely low-quality photo of the mirror. He sighed
in irritation.
“It’s obvious that we can’t take that back with us,” he said. “And apart from a mirror being
glued to the ground, we haven’t learned anything new.”
“Maybe there’s something we’re missing?” Junpei asked.
“I don’t think so,” Goro said. How was he no closer to finding more information on Tsuyoshi
than he was before? He grit his teeth in frustration and turned away from his own reflection.
“Let’s get the hell out of here.”
“Well, as much of a bummer as this turned out to be, I’m glad that none of us almost died.”
“You really have a way of looking on the bright side.”
“Somebody has to.”

Goro received a text from an unknown number by the time Junpei dropped him off in Inaba
that afternoon. Goro almost had a heart attack before he reminded himself that Takaya was
dead.

U̴͙͠n̶̪̒ k̷͔̇ n̶̥͊ ò̸̬ w̷̦̿ n̸̥̓ ̸̉ͅ: : So nice of you to drop by uninvited.
Ṷ̷̿ n̷̖͝k̷̪̆ ǹ̸̝ o̸͚̽ ŵ̸͓ n̵̜̈́ ̶͓̀: Find anything interesting?
Tsuyoshi, then. Goro couldn’t believe that he was actually somewhat relieved. Tsuyoshi
texting him was very problematic, obviously, but at least Takaya hadn’t found some way to
claw his way out of his grave.
Goro ignored the messages. He should make a habit of not walking around town alone for the
next few days. Maybe Tsuyoshi would decide not to kill him if he was surrounded by friends.
On that note, Goro would prefer not to stay cooped up in the house for the rest of summer
vacation. Therefore, when he saw Kanji put his shoes on and step outside, Goro followed.
“Where are you going?” he asked.

“Oh, I’m just stopping by Junes to see if Teddie needs a topsicle,” Kanji said. He looked
confused. “What? You want to come along or something?”
“Sure,” Goro said.
Teddie was thrilled to have a topsicle, and they sat in one of the employee rooms while he ate
it happily. When Teddie finished, they stepped back into the main store.
“Well, my work here is done,” Kanji said. “See you guys around.”
Goro resisted the urge to follow Kanji. Kanji would surely get suspicious if Goro started
tailing him like a stray cat. No, it was better to be subtle about his desire not to be alone.
“Bye, Kanji-kun!” Teddie said cheerfully.
“You coming with, Goro?” Kanji asked.
“I have a few things I wanted to get done here, actually,” Goro lied. “You can go on ahead.”
“Oh, sure.”
Kanji left, and Goro turned to Teddie. “What time do you get off work?”
“I have a couple more hours,” Teddie said. “We have a small event happening today. Do you
want to help me pass out balloons?”
Goro sighed. “Why not?”
For the next two hours, Goro stood next to Teddie and handed balloons to eager children.
When Shirogane approached, Goro seriously considered whether his safety was worth
sacrificing his pride over.
“Shirogane-san!” Goro said in faux cheerfulness. “Have you come for a balloon?”
Shirogane shook his head. “I’m fine, thank you. I admit I’m a little surprised to see you
here.”
“Are you?” Goro asked. “I thought you only came to this store to see if we’re continuing our
investigation.”
Naoto closed his eyes and shook his head. “I need to eat too, you know. Although I did hear
that you and your friends found Kubo. You have my congratulations.”
“Is that so?”
“I hope that you will consider this case as closed from now on.”
“I don’t know,” Goro said. “Do you consider it closed?”

“I can’t share confidential information,” Shirogane said elusively. He bowed. “Good luck
with your future endeavors.”
“That was weird,” Teddie said, watching Shirogane walking past the cabbages. “Why didn’t
he want a balloon?”
“That’s what you’re hung up about?” Goro asked incredulously.
If Teddie had been out of the bear costume, he probably would have winked. As it was, he
cackled mischievously. Goro rolled his eyes.
Near the end of the two hours, Yosuke walked up to them holding a small trinket from one of
the event stands. “Oh, Akechi-kun, I didn’t realize you were here.”
“I only arrived a few hours ago,” Goro said.
“Well, thanks for the help,” Yosuke said. “The balloons were a big hit with the kids.”
“They always are,” Teddie said. He handed one to Yosuke, who in turn handed it to a nearby
child.
“Speaking of children.” Yosuke held up the blue keychain. “I thought I’d give this to
Nanako-chan tonight. She likes all things Junes, doesn’t she?”
“Oh, what a great idea!” Teddie said. “I’m sure Nana-chan will be thrilled to have a new
souvenir. Can I come with you?”
“You have to come with me,” Yosuke said. “It’s going to be dark soon, and we’re trying to
limit the amount of time we walk alone at night.”
“Oh, right.”
“Are you going to head back home, Akechi?” Yosuke asked. “If you come to Yu’s place with
us, we could drop you off at your house too. Safety in numbers, right?”
Goro was beyond grateful that Yosuke offered. He would have felt ridiculous asking if he
could come along.
“I suppose I can tolerate that,” Goro said. “It would be good to see Nanako-chan again
anyhow.”
“That’s the spirit!” Teddie said.
When they arrived at the Dojima residence, Yu and Nanako were sitting around their small
table in the living room. Elementary school textbooks sat on its surface. Dojima had yet to
return home.
“Hi, Nana-chan!” Yosuke said. “We had a little event at Junes today, so here’s a souvenir.”

Nanako jumped to her feet and took the keychain with a bow. “Thank you very much!” she
said.
“Are you working on summer homework?” Yosuke asked. “Man, I feel bad for you.”
“Didn’t you spend an entire night doing your summer homework, Yosuke-kun?” Teddie
asked.
“Wow, really?” Nanako asked. “Wouldn’t it be better to spread it out?”
“I wanted to get it all over with,” Yosuke said. “But this will be a cinch. What are you
working on?”
“Proverbs,” Nanako said. She sat back down. Goro, Yosuke, and Teddie sat down alongside
her. “I need to write what each proverb means and how it goes with my life.”
“Oh, I’ve got one!” Teddie said. “Cogito ergo sum.”
“You know Latin?” Yu asked.
“I know three words of Latin,” Teddie said. “I heard it on television.”
“What programs are you watching?” Yosuke asked exasperatedly. “Actually, forget about it.
What’s the first proverb, Nanako?”
Nanako read out the proverbs, and the others worked together to hint at what the proverb
meant. To Nanako’s credit, she understood a good deal of the proverbs on her own, although
Teddie kept accidentally blurting out the meaning without thinking.
“This is the last one, and then I have to write my own proverb,” Nanako said. “Fall seven
times, get up eight.”
Teddie’s eyes lit up, and Yosuke slapped his hand over his mouth, causing Teddie to let out a
muffled squawk.
“What do you think it means, Nanako?” Yu asked.
“It means never give up, right?” Nanako asked. “Because you get up more times than you
fall.”
“Well said,” Goro said.
“Feather Pink said it,” Nanako said. She leaned forward slightly as she spoke. “She was
trying to save Red, but time kept repeating over and over. She said it every time the loop
restarted until she finally saved him.”
“It was an emotional episode,” Yu said. “I saw it with her.”
“I don’t think the assignment will let you use fictional characters as an example,” Goro said.
“No matter how real their struggles feel.”

“I would save Big Bro and Dad no matter how many times it takes,” Nanako said. “But I
guess you’re right.” She hummed thoughtfully.
“Are there any times that you had to try again and again at something?” Yu asked.
“Oh!” Nanako said. “What about that time Big Bro ate those omelets until he got to Akechisan’s? He persevered through the… less good omelets until he got to the good one.”
“You don’t have to lie to us,” Yosuke said. “We all knew they were bad. Besides, none of the
girls are here right now to be insulted.”
“But let us not forget that Big Bro’s were the best,” Goro said, shooting a wry smile at Yu.
“Big Bro’s omelets are always the best,” Nanako agreed. She frowned in concentration and
wrote down her response. When she was finished, she looked up. “What should I write my
proverb about?”
“It should be about Sensei, of course!” Teddie said.
“Oh, that’s not necessary,” Yu said, although he puffed his chest out slightly and was clearly
forcing himself not to smile. “You don’t have to, Nanako.”
“Teddie-san’s right,” Nanako said. “I want to write my proverb about you.”
“Oh, okay.” Yu looked like he wasn’t sure if he was about to cry.
“What life lesson does Yu teach you?” Goro asked. “We can work from there.”
“Life lesson… He helps me with my vegetable garden,” Nanako said.
“Proverbs are usually vaguer than that,” Yosuke said.
“Oh, okay.” Nanako hummed. “Well, he takes care of me when Dad’s really busy. Maybe I
could make my proverb about that?”
The other four glanced at each other. Goro didn’t know about the others, but he was plotting
to find Dojima and drag him back home by the ear.
“That sounds great,” Yu said. “But you’ll have to phrase it in a sentence or two.”
“How about… all big bros take care of their sisters?” Nanako asked. “Or, I know! With each
big bro is a happy little sister.”
After some tweaking, they put the homework away. Nanako yawned and leaned against Yu
sleepily.
“It’s probably bedtime,” Yu said, frowning at the clock. “Come on, I’ll put you to bed.”
“Oh, wait,” Nanako said, yawning loudly. “I wanted to show Akechi-san something.”

She got up and ran to her bedroom. She emerged with the Jack Frost plush Goro bought her a
few months before. It was slightly more misshapen than it was when Goro first purchased it.
“I sleep with him every night,” Nanako said. “I just wanted you to know that he is super
loved.”
Goro barely realized he was smiling. “That’s great to hear, Nanako-chan.”
After Yu put Nanako to bed, Yosuke stood up.
“We should probably get going if Nanako’s going to be sleeping,” Yosuke said. “Thanks for
having us.”
“You guys were a big help,” Yu said. “Thanks a bunch.”
“It was fun,” Teddie said.
“Yeah,” Goro said. He frowned as they opened the front door. He knew Dojima had issues
with arriving back from work on time, but he hadn’t realized it was quite this bad. He
couldn’t even manage to be back in time to put his daughter to bed? Was money more of an
issue than it seemed? “Is Dojima-san usually this late?”
“Sometimes,” Yu said, his expression closing off. “Thank you again for coming over.”
“Right.”
Sun Arcana: Rank 3

Chapter End Notes

Guys, next week is gonna be so fun. A few of my favorite scenes are in next week's
chapters. (Bearing in mind that i have a great many favorite scenes.)
Can't believe Naoto is STILL rank 1. So sad.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 61: August 29–September 1, 2011
Chapter Summary

EVEN MORE SUMMER SHENANIGANS
then summer is over ;-;
But, what's this? only the best character in the entire fic ??? /hj

Chapter Notes

tw: ptsd, panic attacks, implied/referenced child abuse & neglect, referenced gun
violence

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Goro and Akira agreed to spend their last days of summer enjoying each other’s company.
Since it was pouring rain, Akira suggested they try to complete the rainy day beef bowl
challenge.
“Kurusu-kun, have you seen the size of those beef bowls?” Goro asked. “They’re enough to
kill a grown man.”
“People have won the challenge before,” Akira said defensively. “The owner told me.”
Goro didn’t know how best to tell Akira that those people were other-worldly beings who
probably didn’t have digestive systems. “Well, I guess it can’t hurt to try,” he said reluctantly.
Akira beamed. “I knew you’d come around.”
“But if you’re going to try to beat the challenge, don’t think that you’re going to do it without
competition,” Goro said. “Maybe I’ll beat the challenge first.”
“And here I thought that you thought the whole thing was ridiculous.”
“It is. I’m just giving you more motivation to get it done sooner so we can forget about the
whole thing.”
Neither of them made a dent in their beef bowls.

It was still raining as they walked back home. While they tried to stay dry underneath their
umbrellas, Goro asked, “Have you seen your uncle recently?”
Akira shook his head. “He doesn’t come over when my parents are home more often,” he
said. “They don’t even know he’s back. He and Dad have a feud.”
“A feud?” Goro asked.
“It’s a long story,” Akira said, shrugging. “My parents aren’t always at home this often, so
I’m not complaining. It’s been nice.”
“Are they not home a lot?”
“They sometimes have business trips,” Akira said. “I know how to handle the house when
they’re gone. They’re usually only gone for a couple of days.”
“A couple of days?”
“Don’t worry about it,” Akira said. “They’re just supporting me. It’s not easy taking care of a
child.”
“Don’t you understand how much it costs to even keep you alive?”
His mother’s voice echoed so sharply in Goro’s memories that Goro came to a complete stop.
It had been in response to Goro's begging for some toy the other kids in school had, back
when he was still too young to fully understand their situation. She apologized later,
explained why things were harder in gentler terms. That was often how things went. His
mother snapped. Goro learned. She apologized, even though she was right, and life wasn't
fair.
Akira turned toward Goro in confusion.
“What is it?”
“It’s nothing,” Goro lied. “I suppose it does take effort to take care of one’s children. I just
wished for your sake they were around more.”
Despite everything, Goro’s mother succeeded in taking care of Goro on a daily basis.
“It’s fine,” Akira said again. “I mean, you live on your own, right? Or you did earlier this
year.”
“That’s not really the point.”
Akira glowered and opened his mouth to say more. A loud meow interrupted him.
Goro and Akira looked down to see a half-starved cat standing in between them. The cat’s
brown fur was soaked, making his malnourished condition all the more obvious.
The cat stared up at them petulantly. Akira crouched down with a small smile.

“Hello there,” he said sweetly.
The cat hissed.
“Kurusu-kun, that thing is going to give you countless diseases,” Goro said. “We should just
leave it alone.”
“You don’t like cats?” Akira asked with a wounded expression. He ignored Goro’s advice
completely and began scratching the cat behind the ear. Miraculously, the creature did not
immediately scratch Akira’s eyes out.
“I like cats fine,” Goro said. “I just prefer to know that they aren’t carrying diseases before
putting my face close to their claws.”
“Aw, Akechi-kun’s just a worrywart,” Akira told the cat. “You’re perfectly safe, aren’t you?”
The cat purred and arched its back. Akira stroked its fur.
“Are you listening to me at all?”
“I’m agreeing to disagree.”
“The cat could hurt you.”
“Don’t be silly.” Akira was still using a baby-voice for the sake of that stupid cat. “He’s just a
sweetheart.”
“He’ll tell you when to go to sleep.”
Akira looked more perplexed than he had when Goro returned from the dead. “How is a cat
going to tell me when to go to sleep?”
“Never mind,” Goro said. “Look. You don’t know where that thing’s been. I don’t want you
getting sick.”
“Do you belong to anyone?” Akira asked the cat, searching its neck for any sign of a collar.
“Oh no, you’re all alone.”
“Akira-kun,” Goro snapped. “You can’t adopt a cat. What would your parents say?”
“I’m sure they’d be fine with it,” Akira said defensively. “And if not, I’m sure you’d be
willing to ask Tatsumi-san about it. Right?”
“I know I’ve said this at least three times. We don’t know where that cat has been.”
“We’ll take it to the vet.”
“Maybe it likes being outdoors.”
“It looks like it hasn’t eaten in weeks,” Akira said. “And it's soaked. If we don’t intervene,
it’ll probably die out here.”

The cat rubbed its head against Akira’s leg, pleading for more pets. Akira indulged it.
“Well, it’s your decision,” Goro said. “If you want to take in the thing so badly, don’t let me
stop you.”
“Good,” Akira said. “Because you can’t. I’m going to give this poor thing a home even if it
does tell me when to go to sleep.”
“Be careful what you wish for. And at least keep an eye out for anyone looking for a lost
cat.”
Akira lifted the cat into his arms. The cat looked a little surprised to be picked up, but it
didn’t immediately attack Akira either. Maybe Akira was right. Maybe it really did just want
shelter.
Goro still didn’t trust it. Akira better take the thing to the vet immediately to make sure it
didn’t have fleas. If Akira died because he let a cat scratch him, Goro was going to kill him.

After Akechi went back to his house, Akira gave the cat in his arms a severe look. The cat
blinked at him with wide pupils.
“Now, listen here,” Akira told the cat. “As much as I like to hear you meowing and purring
when I pet you, you can’t make too much noise in my house. Okay? If my parents find out
about you, and hopefully they won’t, then I’ll be in a world of hurt.”
The cat didn’t say anything. It just continued to stare at Akira blankly.
“Good enough,” Akira sighed. “And who knows? Maybe if my parents do find out about you,
they’ll let me keep you around if my grades stay high enough.”
Akira wasn’t going to count on it.

Kanji poked his head through the doorway of Goro’s bedroom the following evening, causing
Goro to look up from his summer homework with a start.
“Hey, Goro-kun,” Kanji said. “You coming to the fireworks festival with us?”
“Fireworks festival?” Goro asked somewhat blankly.
“Yeah, the one they have every summer,” Kanji said. “The rest of us are planning on meeting
up at the hill overlooking town if you want to come along.
Shit. Goro had forgotten that most places had a summer fireworks festival.
“Of course, I’ll come along,” Goro said before his mind could stop him.

Kanji grinned and shot him a thumbs up. “Great.”
Goro nodded and returned to his homework, trying to ignore the dread already swelling up
inside him. “Right.”
Later in the evening, as Goro and Kanji met the group on the hill, Goro fully regretted his
decision to come. If he had been more prepared, he would have made plans that would get
him out of having to watch fireworks. Last year, when Iwatodai had its fireworks festival,
Goro and Ken watched a movie on Goro’s laptop with headphones.
Goro wondered where Ken was now. Was he forcing himself to stand outside and watch what
would likely be an impressive display? Or was he staying at someone else’s house?
Goro called him.
“Hi, Ken-kun,” Goro said.
“Hey,” Ken said. “What’s up? Is something wrong?”
“Not exactly,” Goro said. “Is your fireworks festival today?”
“Oh, yeah, it is,” Ken said. “I’m hanging out with Shinjiro and Akihiko, though. Their
apartment is kind of far away from where they’re being launched.”
“Lucky,” Goro muttered. He glanced at Kanji to make sure he didn’t overhear. Kanji raised
his eyebrows, and Goro stepped a few yards away from the main group.
“Why?” Ken asked. “Are they forcing you to watch them? If they are, I can come over and
beat them up for you.”
“Thank you for the offer, but that’s not necessary,” Goro said. He had half a mind to say that
he was also comfortably inside, but he had a feeling Ken wasn’t going to buy into his
bullshit. “I didn’t tell them that I’m not fond of fireworks. It’s not their fault.”
“What’s stopping you?” Ken asked. “If they’re really your friends, they’ll understand.”
“Well, they’re trying to have as many summer experiences with one friend in particular,”
Goro said. “He hasn’t really been to see any of these festivals. I wouldn’t want to make him
feel neglected.”
“Who cares about him?” Ken asked. “Okay, that came out wrong. But I think you’re going to
put a damper on the night if you have a panic attack in the middle of the show.”
“It’ll be fine,” Goro said. “I just wanted to make sure that you were comfortably situated.”
“Goro, tell me if I’m wrong, but haven’t you been actually shot before? Like where the bullet
connected to your body? And a lot blood came out, and it hurt a lot—”
“Yes, yes, I know what a bullet feels like. And?”

“I’ve only seen other people get shot, and I hate the sound of fireworks,” Ken said. “If you
don’t want to tell them the truth, I understand, but make up some sort of excuse. Say you’re
sick or something.”
Ken was right, but the idea of walking home alone made Goro sick to his stomach. He should
have come up with an excuse before leaving the Tatsumi residence to begin with. And he
couldn’t have someone leave with him before the show just because he was afraid of a few
fireworks.
“I just don’t think it’s a good option.”
“Oh my god.” Ken sighed. “Give me a minute.”
There was jostling on the other side of the line.
“Alright, kid,” Shinjiro said. “Ken says you don’t want to tell your friends that you have a
perfectly normal trauma response to fireworks?”
“They’re excited,” Goro snapped. Nanako came up the hill with Dojima, and she grinned at
Goro. Goro gave her a weak smile. “And I don’t want to walk home alone in the dark.”
“Alright, well, I can’t exactly argue with that reasoning,” Shinjiro said. “But Ken’s right.
Having a panic attack is also going to put a real dent in celebrations. Surely you can find
someone willing to walk you home?”
“The only one who might be willing to miss it is Dojima-san, and he probably isn’t willing to
leave Nanako alone with the others.”
“What’s this about me?” Dojima asked.
“Shit,” Goro muttered. “I’ll talk to you later. Tell Ken I said bye. And give Akihiko my
greetings.”
“Sure. But get yourself out of there.”
“I’ll be fine,” Goro snapped. They were just fireworks.
Goro hung up before Shinjiro could continue to protest. “Hello, Dojima-san. It’s good to see
you made it on time.”
“Did you need something from me?” Dojima asked. “I didn’t catch your whole conversation,
but if you think you need help, I can try.”
Goro was not going to ruin Nanako’s night. “It was nothing.”
“Didn’t sound like nothing.”
“Hi, Akechi-san!” Nanako said, looking thrilled. “Dad came home early!”
Yu and the others approached the three of them.

“We were waiting for you,” Yu told Dojima. He looked like he wanted to be accusatory, but
the relief in his voice was evident.
“Sorry if I made you nervous,” Dojima said. “I didn’t quite finish my paperwork, but Adachi
can handle the rest.”
Hopefully Adachi didn’t mind doing paperwork while the rest of the town was enjoying the
fireworks. Maybe Goro could find a way to switch places with him.
“Things are heating up down there,” Kanji said, walking up to and leaning over the fence.
“Does that mean they’re about to start?” Yukiko asked.
“Really?!” Nanako asked, still grinning from ear to ear.
Goro took a deep breath as the first firework whistled through the air. They were just
fireworks. They were just–
BANG.
Goro’s entire body jerked away from the sound. He barely kept his balance.
BANG.
They were just fireworks. Goro blinked and stared at the burst of colors still fading into the
night sky. They were certainly beautiful. Kitagawa would have made some comment on them
by now.
BANG BANG
Goro grabbed hold of the fence and dug his palm into the wood. He was not going to make a
big deal out of this. He was overreacting. Everyone else was having a good time.
BANG
It was getting harder to breathe. Goro’s entire body shook, but he tried to keep himself steady
with the fence for support. A cold sweat began to form on his face.
They were just fireworks–
BANG
Takaya was dead. Goro was alive. Akira was alive. He was alive–
“Hey, Akechi-kun?” Dojima asked quietly. “Are you sick? I can take you back to your
place.”
The others turned their gaze away from the fireworks. They looked at Goro with concern.
Goro wanted to melt into the grass.

“I don’t want to ruin Nanako’s night,” Goro said. Everything sounded distant. He grimaced at
the sound of another firework.
“We can take care of Nanako,” Yu said immediately.
“I know you can,” Dojima said. “I’ll take Akech-kun back home, and then I’ll be right back.
You kids enjoy the show.”
Goro let Dojima lead him down the hill and into his car. He was pretty sure Dojima was
trying to talk to him, but his ears were ringing too loudly for him to hear.
Dojima turned on the car’s radio, muffling the fireworks. Goro’s breathing began to even out.
“I’m sorry for the inconvenience, Dojima-san,” Goro said. “I should’ve told someone I was
sick.”
“Actually, what I’m seeing looks a lot more like a panic response than any illness,” Dojima
said. “Am I right?”
Goro didn’t see much point in hiding the truth, although it would probably lead to more
uncomfortable questions. “Maybe,” he said, looking away from Dojima so he wouldn’t see
how clammy his face was. “The city has its fair share of criminal activity. Does it make a
difference?”
“You don’t have to be sorry,” Dojima said. “Is that what you were talking to your friend on
the phone about?”
Goro nodded. Another gunshot– firework– rang out in the distance, and he flinched. “I didn’t
want to worry anyone.”
“I understand,” Dojima said. “I know you don’t take much stock in what I say, but it’s not
your job to take care of everyone else. You have yourself to take care of.”
Goro grit his teeth. Was that the philosophy he used when he wouldn’t even arrive home in
time to tuck Nanako in at night? He was clearly capable of leaving the office earlier. He’d
done it multiple times now.
They pulled up in front of Tatsumi textiles. Goro got out of the vehicle. “Thank you for the
ride,” he said shortly. “You should get back to your daughter.”
Goro hurried inside the house. Tatsumi was watching a movie in the living area.
“Oh, you boys are back early,” she said. “I can turn this off.”
“That’s not necessary, Tatsumi-san,” Goro said. “It’s only me. I… wasn’t fond of the noise.”
“Well, we have that in common,” Tatsumi said. “This film’s loud enough that it blocks out
most of the noise, if you’d like to watch it with me.”
“I wouldn’t want to impose.”

“It’s not imposing,” Tatsumi said, patting the space on the sofa next to her. “I always enjoy
the company.”
Well, Goro had nothing better to do. He sat down next to Tatsumi and tried to focus on the
movie, which was a period piece from the Sengoku era.
The tension in his body didn’t even begin to loosen until well after the sound of the fireworks
disappeared entirely.
Chariot Arcana: Rank 5

Needless to say, Goro did not sleep well that night. He spent the rest of the next morning
trying to distract himself by practicing his crocheting. His repeated failure in the art didn’t
exactly serve to make him feel better, but it at least enabled him to forget his nightmares.
His phone began ringing, and he dropped yet another stitch. Swearing frustratedly, he
answered the phone.
“It’s me,” Shinjiro said. “Just checking in after last night. Did you manage to leave?”
“My friend’s uncle gave me a ride home,”
“Good,” Shinjiro said. “That’s good. You should text Ken. He’ll be proud.”
“I didn’t exactly swallow my pride and ask for help,” Goro admitted. “And before you say
anything, you do the exact same thing.”
“Ever heard of do as I say, not as I do?” Shinjiro asked dryly.
“I’ll start if you start,” Goro said.
“Fine,” Shinjiro said. “From now on, if I’m not feeling well or comfortable, I’ll tell someone
right away. Just watch.”
“I’d pay money to see that happen.”
“Ha ha. Just don’t be too much of an idiot, got that?”
“I’ll try.”
Goro did text Ken to let him know that he survived the night. Ken congratulated him for
prioritizing his mental health. Goro reluctantly informed him that he was more or less
dragged out of there by Dojima.
Ken was still impressed Goro didn’t stay out of sheer stubbornness. Goro couldn’t exactly
blame him.
Around noon, Goro received a call from Yu.

“Hi, Akechi-kun,” Yu said. “Are you feeling alright?”
“Yes,” Goro said. “It must’ve been something I ate, but I feel much better now.”
“That’s a relief,” Yu said. To his credit, he did sound relieved. “Nanako was worried about
you.”
“Well, you can tell her that I am perfectly fine.” Goro massaged his temple and forced the
exhaustion from his tone. “I’m sorry for worrying you. Did she enjoy the fireworks?”
“That’s an understatement.”
“Well, I’m glad I didn’t ruin the night.”
“You didn’t ruin the night,” Yu said. “Honestly, I’m the one who should be apologizing to
you.”
Goro frowned. “What do you mean?”
“Well, I feel really insensitive for not considering how fireworks might affect you
considering—”
“Did Dojima tell you?” Goro interrupted, maybe a little more urgently than necessary.
“No,” Yu said calmly. “Figures he would notice, though. You really weren’t acting like you
were just sick.”
Goro sat on his futon and sighed. “Well… that’s embarrassing.”
“No, it’s not,” Yu said firmly. His voice softened. “Just let me apologize, please. I should
have remembered that you and guns don’t have the best relationship. I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be,” Goro said, pinching the bridge of his nose. “I should have been honest. I’m sorry
for not trusting you guys.”
“It happens,” Yu said. “But you’re seriously feeling better?”
“Yes.”
“Well, in that case, do you want to come over to my place?” Yu asked. “Nanako said that
Dojima-san is bringing a watermelon, and she wants to share it with everyone. No pressure of
course.”
“No, no, of course I can come,” Goro said. It was the least he could do to make up for the
scene he made yesterday. He really should have told Kanji he didn’t want to go.
“Invite Kanji too,” Yu said. “I’m trying to see if I can get the whole gang over.”
“I don’t think that’s going to be an issue.”

Sure enough, Kanji was more than happy to come over to eat watermelon with Nanako. And
he was far more excited than Goro.
“I haven’t had much time to enjoy watermelon this year,” Kanji said. “I’m glad I’ve gotten
the chance at least once before the end of summer.”
“You haven’t eaten it yet,” Goro said dryly.
“You know what I mean.”
When they arrived at the Dojima residence, everyone except Dojima was already there.
While they waited, the group conspired to smack the watermelon open with a bat. The idea of
putting some pent-up frustration into destroying a watermelon was quite appealing.
Unfortunately, Doijma arrived with an already cut-up watermelon. Nanako was deeply
disappointed, but Goro couldn’t blame Dojima for the miscommunication.
“It’s okay, Nanako-chan,” Chie said. “We can do it some other time, like at the beach!”
“Does that mean we get another chance to see you in your bathing suits?” Yosuke asked,
winking. Yu swatted the back of his head. “Ow!”
“We probably don’t have enough time to go to the beach this year,” Yukiko said. “But there’s
always next year.”
“Next year?” Nanako stared downcast at her watermelon slice. “Will you guys play with me
next year too?”
Yu’s expression looked about as downcast as Nanako’s, but Yosuke smiled. “Of course, we
will!”
The rest of the group echoed Yosuke’s sentiment. Yu was the only one who kept silent, but
Nanako either didn’t notice or was an incredible actor. Dojima smiled gratefully.
“Hear that, Nanako?”
Nanako nodded. “Yep! Thank you!”
The somber mood fled the group as they ate and enjoyed their food. Kanji, for some bizarre
reason, had a container of salt at the ready for his watermelon.
“Do you always have salt in your back pocket?” Goro asked as Kanji put an excessive
amount of seasoning onto his watermelon.
“I keep it handy,” Kanji said. “Most places don’t salt their food enough. So I need to be at the
ready.”
“It’s a watermelon.”
“Plenty of people put salt on their watermelon,” Kanji said defensively.

“I’m well aware, but most people don’t feel inclined to dump half a container of salt on a
single slice of it.”
“It adds flavor,” Kanji said. He held out his salt to Goro. “Do you want some?”
Kanji was so earnest about the whole ordeal that Goro reluctantly took the salt and sprinkled
some on top of his slice. Admittedly, it did make the watermelon taste sweeter.
Dojima stood off to the side in the living room, watching everyone with a fond expression on
his face. And as much Goro would like to pretend last night never happened, he couldn’t
forget the favor Dojima did for him last night.
When Goro finished eating his watermelon, he entered the living room. Yukiko, Teddie, and
Rise were in the middle of trying to stack their watermelon rinds in the most convoluted ways
possible. They seemed too enthralled in what they were doing to overhear Goro.
“Dojima-san,” Goro said. “I never properly thanked you for your help last night.”
“Oh, don’t worry about it,” Dojima said. “I was happy to help.”
“Well, nevertheless, thank you.” Goro bowed. “And thank you for having us here. I know it’s
not easy for you to get away from your job this early in the day.”
“Yeah, I guess so,” Dojima said. “Things have been slowing down now that the case seems to
be closed, which is a big relief. Hopefully, they stay that way.”
Dojima’s parenting skills were really none of Goro’s business. It was obvious that Dojima
was trying to be there for Nanako, even if he failed on a frequent basis. Goro should just keep
his mouth shut and avoid pissing Dojima off.
And yet small things kept pissing him off. The fact that Goro was there to help Nanako with
her homework, but Dojima wasn’t there to put her to bed. The fact that even Goro’s mother
had made him breakfast when she could, but Nanako seemed perfectly accustomed to taking
care of her own meals. And yes, Dojima was working to provide for Nanako, but Dojima had
the means to take more time off work. To at least be home in time to show Nanako he cared.
“I know Nanako will be excited to have her father home more often,” Goro said, trying not to
inject too much spite into his tone.
He wasn’t very successful.
“What do you mean?” Dojima asked, even though his voice was resigned enough that he
knew exactly what Goro meant.
“My apologies,” Goro said. “I didn’t mean to overstep. I just meant that my mother worked
very hard to support me when I was younger too. I know that I cherished the moments she
spent time with me, no matter how rare they were.”
“Oh, yeah.” Dojima was looking at Nanako now with an unreadable expression. Was it grief?
Frustration? “I suppose you’re right.”

Goro returned to the others. He wasn’t in the mood to overstep his bounds too far, even if he
really wanted to smack Dojima in the face.
Chariot Arcana: Rank 6

The start of school marked the end of Goro being able to get away with shadowing people
everywhere he went. Although Kanji and Goro could walk together some of the way to their
respective schools, the paths to Yasogami High and Yasogami Middle diverged more than
one might expect.
Fortunately, Goro made it to school without Tsuyoshi appearing out of nowhere to confront
him over Goro’s nosiness. Goro wanted to be relieved, but he was mostly unsettled. Tsuyoshi
usually harassed Goro over things as small as Goro’s general happiness. Why the hell was
Tsuyoshi keeping his silence now?
Maybe he liked watching Goro constantly check over his shoulder.
Class itself was uneventful. Akira met Goro at the front of the middle school, and they
walked home together. It was almost as though summer vacation never happened.
“How’s the cat you kidnapped?” Goro asked dryly.
“I did not kidnap him,” Akira said. “And I took him to the vet yesterday. Contrary to your
belief, he wasn’t holding any diseases, and the vet gave him all his shots. And I’ve asked
around, and nobody is looking for a cat matching his description.”
“And your parents are alright with you having him in the house?” Goro asked.
Akira nodded. “Yep! We’re a happy family: me, the cat, and my parents.”
Goro had to admit that he was surprised by this news, but he wasn’t going to argue if that was
the case. He was glad that Akira’s parents were more reasonable than Akira had been making
them out to be. And they were around far more than they initially were earlier that year.
Maybe they’re only gone on rare occasions?
Something told Goro that line of thinking was far too optimistic.
“The cat?” Goro asked, deciding to focus on something else. “You haven’t named it yet?”
“I couldn’t decide on a name,” Akira said. “Besides, we sort of adopted it together. I thought
you should have a say too.”
“You want me to name the cat,” Goro said.
“No, I want you to help name the cat,” Akira said. “What about Go-Go Goro?”
Goro balked. What the hell? “That isn’t even a name,” Goro said. “How about demon
creature instead?”

“Go-Go Goro isn’t a name but Demon Creature is?” Akira said. “Are you sure you don’t
secretly hate cats?”
“I think cats can be manipulative little shits when they want to be,” Goro said. “And Monster
Cat seems to me to be a manipulative little shit.”
“I think you’re just trying to be stubborn because I was right about Monster Cat not having
any diseases,” Akira said. “And we are not naming it monster cat either.”
Well, Goro couldn’t say that this Akira didn’t know him well.
“Fine,” Goro said. “But I’m not good at naming things.”
“Neither am I,” Akira said. “I’ve never had a pet before. My parents never let me have one.
Until now that is.”
Goro would have never guessed. He always seemed to know exactly what Morgana needed,
but maybe it was helped by the fact that Morgana was sentient and could speak Japanese.
“I’ve never had any pets until very recently either,” Goro said. “My friends had a dog that I
helped take care of, and another friend of mine named my goldfish. So I really don’t have any
naming experience.”
“I guess we’re in a pickle,” Akira said. “Oh! Should we name the cat Pickles?”
“That is so cliche it hurts,” Goro said. “We’re not naming the monster cat Pickles.”
“We’ll keep work-shopping it,” Akira sighed.

Goro unfortunately did not have the opportunity to meet the new and improved Monster Cat
that day. He received a text from Yosuke saying that they wanted to have one final discussion
on the case, since it seemed that Mitsuo really might have been the true killer all along.
When Goro arrived at Yosuke’s house, it was clear that no one in the group believed that
Mitsuo was the true culprit. That, or they really didn’t want Mitsuo to be the true culprit.
“Naoto-kun really blew his debut in school,” Yosuke was in the middle of telling the others.
“Did you see how he just blew off those two girls?”
“Well, he said that he wanted to mull things over,” Chie said. “He must be talking about the
murder case, right?”
“Shirogane goes to your school?” Goro asked. “I thought he only came here for the murder
cases.”
“That’s what we thought too,” Yu said. “But he transferred this semester.”
“He must not be any more satisfied with the end of this case than we are,” Kanji said.

“And if a detective prodigy isn’t satisfied, then he might be thinking along the same lines as
Goro-kun,” Rise said.
“Didn’t you say that there were a lot of suspects in this case, Goro-kun?” Yukiko asked.
“Maybe Mitsuo is one of those.”
“I wouldn’t be surprised,” Goro said, sitting down next to Yosuke.
“Well, until someone gets kidnapped or shows up on the midnight channel again, I want to
believe that it’s over,” Chie said. “Can’t we talk about something else?”
“Um, the school trip is pretty soon, right?” Yosuke asked. “Where are we going again?”
“Tatsumi Port Island,” Yukiko said. “It’s a pretty big city.”
Wait a minute.
“Port Island?” Rise looked just as surprised as Goro felt. “I’ve done tons of shoots there. It’s
just beyond the Moonlight Bridge, yeah? There should be tons of spots to hang out there.”
“You’re going to Iwatodai?” Goro asked.
“Oh yeah, I guess that's the name of the main city,” Chie said. “Why? Have you been there
before?”
“I’ve lived there,” Goro said. “That’s the city I transferred from.”
“What? No way,” Yosuke said. “You’ll have to show us all of the cool spots.”
“Didn’t I just say I knew great places to hang out?” Rise demanded. “There’s even this club
that owes me after they canceled one of my concerts.”
“Well, we might not actually have much opportunity to hang out,” Chie said. “Apparently
we’re going to be visiting a private school there. To have local and urban students interact or
something. It’ll be all about studying and serious business… yuck.”
“Ugh, it’s like they missed the entire point of a school trip,” Rise said with a disgusted
expression.
“What kind of place even is this school?” Yosuke asked.
“Is it Gekkoukan High?” Goro asked.
Chie and Yukiko nodded.
“It’s apparently really nice,” Chie said. “They have fancy buildings and everything. We’re
going to come on the first day, tour some factories on the second, and then come back on the
third.”

“The place was built by the Kirijo Group, so that’s why it looks like they dumped all of their
money into the front lobby,” Goro said.
“Seriously?” Yu asked.
“Who cares how fancy the school is?” Yosuke face-planted into the table. “This is no better
than a glorified social studies trip.”
“Well, it is sponsored by the school,” Kanji said. “We’ll be there too, so if it starts to drag, we
can just bail.”
“You’ll be there?” Yu asked. “It’s not just second years?”
“They’re combining the classes like with the school campout,” Yukiko said, nodding. “The
school’s low on funds, so they’re cutting the trip to once every other year.”
“Well, at least we won’t be bored with you around, Sensei,” Kanji said. “Too bad Goro and
Teddie can’t go.”
“They always did call me the life of the party back in the city,” Yu said.
“They did not,” Yosuke said.
“You never know,” Yu said slyly. “Maybe you’ll see an entirely new side of me.”

Chapter End Notes

The cat is finally here I'm so happy.
More lovely art! This time of Elizabeth in her red fit. Go give it love. <3
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 62: September 6–8, 2011
Chapter Summary

no more summer shenanigans ;-;
but what is this? field trip shenanigans??

Chapter Notes

tw: non-consensual alcohol use, drunkeness, ptsd, very vaguely referenced sexual
harassment

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Teddie knocked on Goro’s front door at the crack of dawn on a Tuesday morning, holding a
bike by his side. The same bike Teddie failed to ride a few weeks ago.
“Teddie,” Goro said. “It’s a school day.”
“I know!” Teddie said. “But I wanted to practice my bike riding skills, so I wobbled and
crashed all the way here! I was hoping you could teach me some new tricks.”
Goro sighed and shut the front door behind him. “I hate to break it to you, but I was never
actually taught how to ride a bike. I think I make for a poor teacher.”
“I heard that you don’t actually know a subject unless you’re able to teach it,” Teddie said.
“Does that mean you don’t know how to ride a bike?”
“What? Of course I know how to ride a bike,” Goro said.
“Then you should be able to teach me.”
Goro massaged his temple. “Fine, fine. I’ll try to help you. Again.”
“Great!” Teddie said. He got on the bike. “Yosuke has been helping me with the holding
behind the bike and letting go in a fit of betrayal. Any other helpful tips you can think of?”
“I hate to state the obvious, but have you been remembering to hold both handles?” Goro
asked. There was a magazine of some sort in Teddie’s hand, making his grip on the
handlebars tenuous at best.

“Oh! Is that important?”
“Unless you’re very experienced, yes, it’s important,” Goro said. “What are you holding?”
Teddie beamed and got off the bike. “That’s what I came here to show you, actually!” he said.
“You and Kanji-kun.”
Teddie handed Goro the magazine, which was a publication of the Coolest.
“Teddie’s famous now,” Teddie said. “Turn to page fifteen!”
Goro obliged. Sure enough, an article titled Finding Joy in Dark Times took up two pages.
Teddie’s quote was already highlighted in bright pink.
One student very aptly said, “I just want my home to go back to normal again.” Media tends
to dramatize cases such as these, but it’s important to remember how frightening it is to lose
a sense of safety in your own home. Despite their fear, these teens refuse to stop living their
lives and enjoy ing themselves…
“Aren’t I inspirational?” Teddie asked. “Do you think more people will come to interview
me?”
Goro handed the magazine back to Teddie. Amano was certainly a proficient writer if nothing
else. “I wouldn’t get your hopes up. But congratulations.”
“Thank you, Goro-kun!” Teddie beamed. “Of course, the home I was talking about was the
TV world, even though I guess I don’t even know what normal is there. But I know the fog
just isn’t right.”
“Seeing as standing in the stuff gives me a headache, I think you would be correct on that
point,” Goro said. “Although maybe the metaverse simply isn’t as compatible with humans as
we previously believed.”
“Is that why I can’t ride a bike?” Teddie asked. “Are bikes not compatible with bears?”
Goro almost wanted to laugh.
“You’ll be fine,” he said. “You just need more practice. While we’re covering the basics, do
you know how to stop the bike?”
Teddie’s drawn out humming was all the answer Goro needed.
Aeon Arcana: Rank 4

The week went by quickly without any sign of the murders or kidnappings resurfacing. Yu
took it as a big win. Even if they hadn’t caught the real guy, they had hopefully deterred the
original killer from making any more moves. And hopefully nothing terrible would happen
while they were away on the school trip.

Despite the admittedly boring destination, Yu found himself looking forward to this trip. He
originally planned on skipping the school trip when he first moved to Inaba. There wasn’t
much point in going on a trip if he had no friends to enjoy it with. But things had changed
since then. He could probably sit through the most boring lecture in the world and have fun
seeing his friends glance at him with equally bored expressions. And there would probably be
time to hit the town afterwards.
The only real downside about the situation was that Yu would have to leave Nanako behind
for the next few days. She insisted she could take care of the house, and she probably could.
It didn’t make Yu feel any better about leaving her.
“I’ll bring you a souvenir,” Yu promised. “Anything in particular you want?”
“Anything is good,” Nanako said. “But, um, if they have some, I really like Mochi!”
“Mochi it is,” Yu said. It couldn’t be hard to find Mochi in Iwatodai. He’d sneak out of their
hotel if he had to.
When they arrived, Yu found that Goro and Chie hadn’t been lying about how fancy
Gekkoukan High was. The place looked more like a government building than a school, with
white pillars and a courtyard that put the Inaba park to shame.
After a genuinely interesting lesson on the origins of Izanami and Izanagi, their new
homeroom teacher, Kashiwagi-san, led them to a hotel that looked distinctly… less grand. As
a matter of fact, Yu was astonished that anyone allowed Kashiwagi to make hotel
reservations in the first place, much less not check to make sure they weren't sending children
to a love hotel.
“Isn’t there something funny about this place?” Yosuke asked.
“Is there?” Chie asked. “We don't have any of these modern hotels in Inaba, so I can’t tell.”
Oh Chie, you sweet summer child.
Rise was blushing. “This place is called ‘Shirakawa Boulevard’ and, well…”
“Actually, I don’t want to know,” Yosuke interrupted.
“We should probably go inside,” Yu said, steeling himself. “We survived Rise’s dungeon,
right?”
“Did you really have to bring that up?” Rise asked.
Kanji nodded. “It’s a good thing Goro isn’t–”
Teddie’s voice interrupted Kanji’s. “Hmm… this is faster than I expected… this is quite the
hotel… if the others were to see me… I wonder… what would Yosuke’s reaction be?”
“You have got to be shitting me,” Goro’s voice said.

They spun toward the direction of the voices, which turned out to be the entrance of the
street. Teddie stood in his bear costume next to Goro, who looked about ready to blow a fuse.
“Teddie?!” Yosuke shrieked.
Kanji looked equally shocked. “Goro-kun? Don’t you have school?”
“Kind of ironic coming from you,” Chie said. “Didn’t you skip like half of our first
semester?”
“Oh, shut up,” Kanji said. “How did you guys even get here?”
“We took the train,” Teddie said. “Goro-kun was kind enough to split the funds with me.”
“He had already saved up most of his fare,” Goro said. He crossed his arms and glanced at
the gate to the hotel irately. He looked like Yu’s father when he thought Yu was being too
much of a nuisance, but Yu would never tell Goro that. “I just tagged along.”
“But why are you here?” Yosuke asked.
“The lonely bear inside of me went stir crazy!”
“We’ve been gone for a day!” Rise protested.
“One day too long,” Teddie said. “Goro felt the same.”
“Don’t go spreading lies,” Goro said. “I wanted to take the opportunity to visit some of my
friends here. Now, Teddie, I’m glad that we got to see them, but we should leave before their
teachers catch us here.”
“You’re not going to try to sneak into our rooms?” Yosuke asked.
“Are you kidding?” Goro asked. “I’d die before entering that place again.”
“Again?” Yu asked. What was the story there?
“Goro-kun’s friends are letting us stay the night at their place!” Teddie said. “It’ll be like a
sleepover.”
“I think that just is a sleepover,” Kanji said. “But I’m glad you’re so excited about it.”
“I can’t believe you’re sleeping at a love hotel. This love hotel, no less,” Goro muttered.
“Well, Teddie, I’m leaving. You can catch up to me later if you want to continue hanging out
with everyone else.”
“No, no, wait up!” Teddie exclaimed in alarm. He followed Goro out of the boulevard just in
time for Kashiwagi to reappear and tell them to all go back inside.
Yu couldn’t decide whether he wanted to laugh or grimace when he and Yosuke were
assigned to a room with a round, heart-themed queen-sized bed. As a matter of fact,

everything in the room was shaped or patterned with hearts.
“Oh my god,” Yosuke said. “Actually, you know what? I’m too tired for this. Let’s just… try
to sleep.”
“Fine by me,” Yu said.
They had changed into their pajamas when there was a knock on the door. The knock
must’ve been more of a warning than a request, because without any further prompting, Chie
and Yukiko entered.
“Hey guys,” Chie said.
“What are you guys doing here?” Yosuke asked, poking his head out of the bathroom and
holding a toothbrush.
“I got a snorer,” Chie said. “And I cannot sleep when someone’s already snoring. It’s
terrible.”
“And my roommate’s boyfriend came in and wanted to take advantage of the romantic
atmosphere.” Yukiko grimaced. “I didn’t really want to be around for that.”
“So, what, you’re going to sleep in our room instead?” Yosuke asked. “There’s only one bed.
It’s bad enough with just the two of us!”
“Oh, don’t worry, we can sleep on the floor,” Chie said. “It’ll be just like the camping trip.
Except with less snoring.”
Yu didn’t really have a problem with it, assuming they could all be mature about it. “We have
some extra pillows you can use.”
“Oh, great,” Chie said. “That’ll make it better than the camping trip.”
They had thrown a few pillows on the floor when there was yet another knock on the door.
Yu opened it to see Rise looking about ready to punch something.
“I cannot stand the girl in my room,” she said. She stormed inside furiously. “First she asked
for my autograph, and then she asked about my appearance on the midnight channel. She
wanted to know how many guys I had gone to one of these places with and ugh– If I weren’t
so nice, I would have slapped her!”
“I can do it for you,” Yu offered.
“Are you kidding, I can slap way better than Yu-kun!” Chie protested.
Some of the rage in Rise’s face drained away. She smiled exhaustedly. “Chie and Yukiko are
here too?”
“Yeah, it’s basically a party at this point,” Yosuke said. He flopped face first onto the
waterbed, which jostled awkwardly beneath him. “Teddie would be jealous.”

“So I can sleep here?”
“On the floor,” Yu said. “Or I guess all the girls could take the bed if Yosuke is okay with
that.”
“Are you kidding?” Yosuke asked. “This bed is so weird that nobody would want to sleep on
this thing. Why is it made of water?”
“Well, assuming it doesn’t leak, it does support the body, I think,” Yukiko said. “Not that we
have any in our inn, of course.”
“I feel like I’m floating at the beach. Except it’s meant to be a bed.” Yosuke rolled off of the
bed and face-planted onto the floor with a painful-sounding thump. “Ow.”
Another knock. This time, Rise opened it to Kanji stepping inside.
“Oh, the gang’s all here, huh?” Kanji asked. “I thought I heard more than two voices.”
“Are you here to join the sleepover?” Yu asked. “We have pillows and floor-space just for
you.”
“Well, I don’t mind if I do. The guy in my room was being all weird. I think he was
intimidated,” Kanji said.
“Everyone seems to be having roommate problems today,” Yukiko said.
“Except Yosuke and I,” Yu said. “Our only problem is the weird bed.”
“Oh, yeah, the beds are super weird,” Kanji agreed. “I kind of wonder what Teddie’s reaction
to them would be.”
“He’d jump on them, no question,” Yosuke said. “And then they’d burst and we’d have
flooding problems.”
“Oh, I have a good story about this place I heard while I was at Port Island a couple years
ago,” Rise said. “They say this place is haunted.”
“What?” Chie asked. “Seriously?”
Rise nodded. “Yeah. It goes that one day, at midnight, at least one mirror on every floor
broke. Nobody saw anyone enter either, but there were signs of someone breaking in.”
Yu kind of doubted that actually happened. But it was a neat story. He imagined what it
would be like to be trying to sleep, or make out, and then suddenly his mirror was broken.
Yu’d probably think that he accidentally broke it without realizing. Or that he hadn’t noticed
the mirror had come that way.
Actually, no. Those mirrors were way too fancy not to notice immediately. You’d know
whether or not it was broken as soon as you entered.

“Don’t tell me…” Kanji said. “There’s a ghost with a vendetta against mirrors here? But I
need one to do my hair!”
“Your hair?” Yosuke asked. “Seriously?”
“Hey, you wish you had hair as tidy as mine.”
“It is very nice,” Yukiko told him.
“Very tidy,” Yu agreed.
Kanji puffed up his chest. “See? There’s some hair appreciation.”
“This isn’t about hair appreciation. This is about your priorities if there’s a ghost–”
Yet another knock on the door. This time, Yu was more confused than anything. Teddie and
Goro were definitely not there, unless Teddie somehow decided to sneak into the hotel in
spite of his sleepover with Goro’s friends. Was it a student complaining about the noise? Or
maybe it was a teacher?
Yosuke seemed to think the latter. “Shit! Everyone hide!”
Kanji, Rise, Yukiko, and Chie all sprinted to the bathroom and shut the door behind them. Yu
opened the door with as neutral of an expression as possible. Fortunately for him, Yu had the
best resting face.
It wasn’t a teacher. Shirogane stood in front of him instead.
“Naoto-kun?” Yosuke asked. “What are you doing here?”
“I thought I heard voices,” Shirogane said. “You do realize that there are only meant to be
two people per room? Unless you want someone sleeping on the floor.”
“It’s just us,” Yosuke said.
“We were… watching TV,” Yu said.
“Your room has a TV?” Shirogane asked doubtfully. “Could I come in and corroborate that?”
Crap. Yu glanced at Yosuke. Yosuke shook his head frantically. Clearly, there wasn’t actually
a TV in the room. What sort of hotel room didn’t have a TV?
“Um, you need a warrant,” Yu said. “Sorry.”
“It’s a hotel room, not your private property,” Shirogane said. The corners of his mouth
twitched upwards in amusement. “But it’s no matter. I’m not a teacher. I don’t care if your
friends are hiding in the bathroom.”
At that moment, a loud thud emerged from behind the bathroom door. A furious scuffling and
hushed whispers telling each other to shut up ensued.

“You’re not going to tell?” Yosuke asked.
“And what could I possibly have to gain from that?” Shirogane said. He frowned and glanced
down the hall. “The teachers would tell me to go back to my room as well, and my roommate
is well… a little unruly for my tastes.”
Kanji burst out the door. “You could hang with us if you want,” he said. “If you’re willing to
sleep on the floor, that is.”
Shirogane shook his head. “I wouldn’t want to impose.”
“Eh, it wouldn’t be imposing,” Yosuke said. “Might be less awkward since we sort of know
each other anyway. But no pressure.”
Naoto glanced over the room. He exhaled and smiled. “Well, if you insist, I wouldn’t mind at
least knowing the people I’m sharing a room with.”
“Great,” Chie said. “We’re telling each other ghost stories. Did you know this place was
haunted?”
“I highly doubt that,” Naoto said.
“Hey, don’t steal my story!” Rise snapped.

“Thank you very much for letting me sleep here,” Teddie said when they arrived at Shinjiro
and Akihiko’s apartment. “I was worried I’d have to pretend to be a stuffed teddy bear!”
“Do you wear that costume all the time?” Shinjiro asked dryly.
“Be nice,” Akihiko said. “We’re glad to have you. Keeping out of trouble, Goro-kun?”
“I try,” Goro said.
“Did you know that Sensei is staying at a love hotel?” Teddie asked. Goro had half a mind to
smack him. “I wonder what’s happening behind closed doors.”
“They’re exhausted; they’re probably sleeping,” Goro said.
“A bunch of high school students are sleeping at that place on Shirakawa Boulevard?”
Shinjiro asked. “Who let that happen?”
“I don’t know, and I prefer not to think about it,” Goro said.
“I can show you my Teddie bear impression if that will help distract you,” Teddie said.
Without any further prompting, he stood perfectly still. Goro had to hand it to him; if he
didn’t know better, he would think Teddie was just a giant stuffed animal.
“Okay, that’s really creepy,” Akihiko said.

“Maybe I should use it to scare Yosuke,” Teddie mused, returning back to normal.
“You do that,” Shinjiro said. He turned to Goro. “I’m going to make dinner. Want to lend a
hand?”
Goro gave him a small smile. “That sounds great.”

Teddie had gotten ahold of Yosuke’s trip guide. Apparently, the group would have free time
for the entire afternoon and evening. Goro had plans to meet up with Emiko and Ken that
afternoon, but he promised to find them in the evening.
“Alrighty, I’ll have someone give you a call,” Teddie said, giving him a thumbs up.
“You’re going to wander around the city without a cellphone?” Akihiko asked. “That’s not
safe.”
“It’s not?” Teddie asked. “But I wander around town all the time without one.”
“That’s probably not safe either, actually,” Goro said. “I’ll talk to Yosuke about that.”
“I can walk him to his friends,” Shinjiro said. “I could use the fresh air anyway.”
“Is it far away?” Akihiko asked.
“It’s a couple of miles from here,” Teddie said.
“A couple of miles is fine,” Shinjiro said. “I can handle it.”
“I’ll go with you,” Akihiko said. “I have something I want to buy in that area anyway.”
Shinjiro narrowed his eyes. “Is that right? Maybe I could buy it for you.”
“I would rather get it myself.”
“You don’t think I can handle buying something?”
“Don’t go painting me as the unreasonable one here–”
While Akihiko and Shinjiro continued to bicker, Teddie leaned toward Goro with a concerned
expression. “Are they okay?” Teddie asked.
“They’re fine,” Goro said. “Don’t worry about it.”
Shinjiro eventually reluctantly agreed to let Akihiko go with him, although he didn’t look
happy about it at all. Goro couldn’t blame Shinjiro for being frustrated. He also couldn’t
blame Akihiko for being worried.
Goro spent the first half of the morning catching up with Akihiko and Shinjiro and the second
half crocheting. He was almost done with a shoddy stuffed penguin he was making for Kanji,

even though the process was still just as agonizing as when he first began.
“I didn’t know you crocheted,” Akihiko said, glancing over his shoulder.
“Not very well,” Goro muttered. “It’s for a friend.”
“Better than what I could do,” Akihiko said. “I’m not sure I have a creative bone in my
body.”
“Neither do I.”
That afternoon, Goro waited outside Gekkoukan Middle. Emiko and Ken were already
talking rather animatedly as they walked out the front gates. When Emiko saw Goro, she
practically squealed.
“Goro-kun!” She beamed. “It’s so good to see you again!”
“I can’t believe you decided to skip school for us,” Ken said, looking genuinely stunned.
“You. Skip school.”
“We all have to do it sometime,” Goro said. “You should try it.”
“Is it fun?” Emiko asked. “Do you feel rebellious?”
“Actually, it gives me chills.” Goro grimaced. “I have a reputation to maintain.”
“I’m sure it’s fine,” Emiko said. “The kid who sits next to me is always skipping class, which
means I have more room to spread out my stuff.”
“You probably shouldn’t celebrate people not taking school seriously,” Ken said.
“Well, he goes to school sometimes,” Emiko said. “Mandatory attendance policy and all
that.”
“Especially at such an expensive institution,” Goro said, glancing at the building behind him.
It really did put Yasogami to shame.
“Sometimes I wish I could skip school and work at an animal shelter all day,” Emiko said.
“The animals are much nicer than our English teacher.”
“But you’re pretty good at English, Emiko-chan,” Ken said. “I can’t keep track of the
participles.”
“It’s all about word placement,” Emiko said. “And the ending of the word.”
“Yeah, except sometimes it’s ‘ing’ and sometimes its ‘ed’.” Ken sighed. “How am I meant to
know that its the crying cat and not the cried cat?”
“Practice.” Emiko nodded, satisfied with herself. “Speaking of crying cats, I heard that you
adopted one, Goro-kun?”

“I did not adopt a cat,” Goro said. “My friend picked a stray off the street.”
“Have you decided on a name yet?” Ken asked.
“I’m still hoping for Monster Cat,” Goro said. “But no, Akira hasn’t made a call. He wants
me to help, even though I’ve never named anything in my life.”
“You can’t name a cat Monster Cat,” Emiko said, looking deeply offended. “That’s not even
a proper name.”
“She has a point,” Ken said. “You should name him Ken, after the coolest person you know.”
“You wish.”
“I’m pretty good at naming animals,” Emiko said. She wore a shit-eating grin. “Hm. What
about Go-Go Goro?”
“You have got to be joking.” Goro hadn’t even told Emiko about Akira’s ridiculous
nickname.
“I am.” Emiko laughed. “Ken told me about it.”
Goro gave Ken a mutinous glare. Ken smiled guiltily. “Sorry.”
“My trust is now broken,” Goro said with a deadpan stare. “This friendship can’t continue
any further.”
“Aw, don’t be like that,” Emiko said. “I think the name’s cute.”
“It’s not a name.”
“It’s better than Monster Cat.”
“Monster Cat is literally just a placeholder,” Goro said. “We’ll replace it with something else
once we finally make a call.”
Ken and Emiko only laughed. Goro found himself smiling along with them. It was nice to
pretend that the worst of his problems was naming a random stray. He would make the
moment last while he still could.

That evening, Goro said goodbye to Ken and Emiko and called Yosuke.
“We’re exploring Paulownia Mall,” Yosuke said. “We can’t decide whether we’re doing
karaoke or coffee.”
“Karaoke is by far the better choice,” Goro said. “That coffee is disgusting.”
“Careful,” Yosuke said. “Kanji might take that as a challenge. I think Yu wants to drink it just
to test his limits.”

“Well, tell him not to,” Goro said. “He’ll pass out.”
Maybe Goro was exaggerating a little bit. He didn’t care. Anything to avoid having to drink
that coffee ever again.
“Akechi-kun says you’ll pass out if you drink that coffee… You what?!” After a brief pause,
Yosuke returned to the line. “He says that passing out from that coffee gives him skills,
whatever the hell that means.”
“You get skill cards from coffee?” Goro asked. “This whole time?”
“What on earth are you talking about?” Yosuke sighed. “Whatever. Look, just meet us there,
alright? I need to stop Yu from willingly drinking drugged coffee.”
Yosuke hung up. Goro found the train station. It felt slightly uncanny to be back in Iwatodai.
It was as though he never left at all.
The Paulownia Mall was mostly unchanged since Goro had last been there, although the
bottom of the fountain gleamed with coins. Had Elizabeth made another offering to the
fountain spirit?
The others were nowhere to be found. Goro was about to call Yosuke and demand to know
where they were, but Yu called him instead.
“Are you here yet?” Yu asked.
“Yes. Where the hell are you?”
“We went to the night club,” Yu said. “You should come hang with us. It’ll be fun. The drinks
taste kind of weird, though.”
“The drinks taste… are you drinking alcohol?” Goro demanded.
“No, no, Rise said they were soft drinks,” Yu assured him. “I’m sure that they’re just very
poorly flavored soft drinks. I stopped drinking mine a few sips in.”
“That’s probably for the best,” Goro said. “Alright, I’m coming.”
“We’ve reserved the second floor. Some sort of favor the club owes her after her concert was
canceled a year or two ago.”
Did that have anything to do with the shadow they had fought in this place? Not that it really
changed anything.
“Fine, fine, I’m coming.”
“You won’t be uncomfortable?”
“It’s a nightclub, not a strip club,” Goro said as he entered the building. He winced as the
lights from the stage flashed in the corner of his vision. “I have actually had drinks at a bar

before. Although admittedly ones with less flashing lights.”
Besides, the upstairs area was perfectly comfortable. Nothing was themed at all sexually, and
the red cushions were actually fairly soft.
Less comfortable was the absolutely bizarre atmosphere coming from the group. Yukiko was
laughing more than usual, and Rise looked oddly flushed.
“Goro-kun!” Chie cheered. “You made it!”
“I know, you all doubted me,” Goro said dryly. He sat down next to the spot Yu had saved for
him and took a drink from Yu’s hands. The place smelled of alcohol, but that easily could
have been leftover from a different group.
Ideally.
Shirogane was there as well, much to Goro’s surprise. He hadn’t touched the glass in front of
him. As a matter of fact, he was hunched in on himself with his eyes closed. Was he asleep?
“He fell asleep as soon as we got here,” Kanji said. “We didn’t really get much sleep last
night.”
“I’m still upset about that,” Teddie said, crossing his arms.
Goro frowned. “What are you talking about?”
“They all slept over together,” Teddie said. “All of them!”
“Yeah, well, those rooms were just uncomfortable at best,” Yosuke said. “Besides, it was fun
to share ghost stories for most of the night.”
“It’s no wonder none of us got any sleep,” Yu said. He stared at his drink. “Do you think if I
finished this, I could find another skill card?”
“I don’t think every disgusting drink in the world gives you a skill card,” Goro told Yu.
“But if I tried.”
“Don’t.”
“You’re so funny, Sensei,” Teddie said. “I’m going to forgive you for your betrayal as long as
you keep being your hilarious self!”
“What are you talking about?” Kanji asked. “Are you okay?”
“Kanji, calm down,” Teddie said. His voice began to slur. “Kanji? Kanji, Kanji, Kanji… I
Kanjectrue something’s up!”
Teddie and Yukiko began to laugh their heads off. Yu took a huge swig of his drink.
Unthinkingly, Goro swallowed down a gulp of his too.

The taste was so overwhelmingly not a soft drink that he gagged.
Kanji took a sniff of his drink. Goro followed suit.
“Oh my god,” Kanji said. “This stuff totally smells like alcohol.”
“It is alcohol,” Goro said. He already felt lightheaded. “Everyone stop drinking that shit right
now.”
“What?” Rise demanded. Her voice was slurring much like Teddie’s. “I-I told ‘em to give us
soft drinks! I swear!”
Goro was already beginning to feel lightheaded. What the hell had he been thinking? He
should have at least sniffed it before drinking.
Goro giggled. What the hell was Shinjiro going to say when he came back half-inebriated?
“Goro-kun?” Chie asked, sounding astounded. She either hadn’t drunk much or was taking
the side-effects spectacularly. Goro didn’t particularly care which.
“Kings game!” Rise said. “At times like this, you have to play the king’s game. It’s the law.”
“I’m not sure that’s a good idea,” Yu said.
“Yeah, we might do something we regret–”
“Shh,” Rise interrupted loudly. “Those stupid adults keep treating me like a kid. I know the
parties get way more fun when I leave. I’m going to play the king’s game now and ain’t no
one is going to stop me!”
This ridiculousness never happened when Goro was with SEES. Even the phantom thieves
had never accidentally drunk alcohol before.
Naoto woke up, looking confused. “What’s happening?”
“We seem to have accidentally gotten a bit drunk,” Yu said. “I mean, I’m fine. But everyone
else is a bit out of sorts.”
“You’re fine?” Kanji said. “You look like you’re about to fall over!”
Yu did look like he had half a mind to fall asleep. “No-no, I’m good. I’m going to kick Rise’s
ass in this game.”
“You said that the game wasn’t a good idea, and I’m more and more inclined to agree with
you,” Yosuke said. “Rise, maybe we should all just try to get home.”
“Come on, Yosuke,” Chie said. “Don’t be a wimp. Why shouldn’t we try out this game?”
“Yeah, Yosuke!” Teddie said. “Don’t be a wimp!”

“I have a headache,” Goro said. He felt that he should be more concerned about this situation.
Way more concerned than he was. “I think I’m going to leave.”
“No, Goro, you can’t leave me!” Teddie grabbed onto Goro’s hand. “You’re my ride home!”
“I’m not driving,” Goro said. “We are walking like normal people.”
“You can’t leave me,” Teddie said again. He began to sniff. Was he about to cry?
Goro sat back down reluctantly.
“I’m going to order us all glasses of water,” Naoto said. “What possessed you to order
alcohol?”
“We didn’t!” Rise protested. “But we’re in this situation, and there’s no getting out of it.”
“I really think we should leave,” Yosuke insisted.
“What are you so afraid of?” Rise asked. “Is someone gonna confess to the dark truth?
Maybe you’re afraid of getting Senpai in trouble.”
“I’m a very good rule follower,” Yu said. “I don’t think that’s gonna be an issue. Besides, I
don’t tell Yosuke about that creepy hospital lady.”
“Hospital lady?” Yosuke asked. “What the hell are you talking about?”
Yu shushed him.
“Where’s Akira when you need him?” Goro whispered, glancing at the ceiling. “He’d have
some quip that would get us all out of this ridiculous situation.”
Kanji was already asleep. Goro was quite frankly jealous of him.
“I’m not talking about ordinary rules,” Rise said. “Maybe he’s got some really dark secrets
hidden inside. Teddie said that Senpai got a persona without any shadow at all–”
Yu frowned. “Actually–”
“--and Senpai came into town right before the murders started.” Rise looked as though she
wasn’t fully aware of what she was saying. “Want to tell us any juicy gossip about that?”
What was Rise insinuating? That Yu was the killer? The thought was preposterous. Why
would Yu try to kill people and then risk his life trying to save them?
Then again, Ikustuki had seemed perfectly helpful too, right before he betrayed them.
“This again?” Yosuke asked. “Yukiko, I thought we dropped this.”
“I didn’t say anything!” Yukiko protested, looking more flustered than Goro had ever seen
her.

“My shadow was mean to Yosuke,” Yu said, missing the point entirely. “Sorry Yosuke.”
“What are any of you talking about?” Naoto asked. “Could this have something to do with
your true involvement with the murder case?”
“Well, you see, we jump into TVs and rescue people,” Yukiko said.
Goro snorted. As if Naoto was going to believe any of that. “And I’m a time traveler,” he said
amusedly.
“Oh yeah, maybe Goro has dark secrets he doesn’t want to reveal,” Rise said
contemplatively.
Naoto looked very offended. Goro couldn't blame him. “Are you making fun of me?”
“No, no, ish true!” Rise said.
Yosuke put his head in his hands and groaned as Rise attempted to summon her persona.
“Kanji had the right idea about sleeping,” Chie said.
“It’s clear that you have no intention of telling the truth to me,” Naoto said. He pursued his
lips. “But I’m curious… how did you manage to get alcohol inside here without me
noticing?”
“What?” Yukiko snorted. “They served it to us.”
“No, they couldn’t have,” Naoto said. “I asked when I ordered water. They haven’t served
alcohol since a rash of drunk driving incidents last year.”
“Maybe they lied?” Chie asked.
“Wouldn’t put it past them,” Goro said.
“Don’t tell me we’re drunk off the atmosphere,” Yosuke said.
“No, there’s no denying that this is alcohol,” Naoto said. “You reek.”
“Well, how are we going to get any?” Rise demanded. “This is the employee’s faults, you
hear?”
Goro’s head was beginning to hurt. The employees must have been lying. How else would
alcohol have gotten into the drinks?
Shit… Goro wanted to forget this evening ever happened. He hadn’t ever had a drink this
strong since one of Shido’s slimier associates got overly friendly and handed him a shot of
vodka. Goro had drunk it to save face. He had been out of sorts the rest of the evening.
Now Goro wanted to throw up.

Naoto began to walk away, but Goro stood up and followed him. “Shirogane-san,” he said.
“Wait.”
Naoto crossed his arms and turned around. “I’d prefer not to be lied to again.”
“I’m not here to tell you anything you want to know,” Goro said. “I just wanted you to know
that we… well, I guess I can’t speak for those dumbasses. But I respect you. For what you’re
trying to do.”
Naoto’s eyes widened. “What I’m trying to do?”
“Find out the truth,” Goro said. “Get justice. It’s actually very inspiring.”
“But you won’t tell me the truth.”
Technically, Yukiko and Rise had already told Naoto the truth. Goro wasn’t one to continue
pursuing lost causes, even when half of his inhibitions had been lowered.
“That is the truth,” Goro said. “You were… are… goddammit… you are one of the coolest
people I know. Your sense of justice and… what am I even saying?”
Goro wasn’t sure. Naoto had been such an inspiration to him in the past, but maybe Naoto
wouldn’t take that as a compliment, considering who Goro was. Not that he knew that, of
course. Or… or… maybe Goro was just being sentimental. It was weird, actually speaking to
the first detective prince.
“Well, thank you,” Naoto said. “But I really should get going. Do you need help finding a
ride?”
Goro glanced at the half-drunk party behind him. Yosuke was already shaking Yukiko and
Kanji awake. Maybe walking wouldn’t be the best idea.
“I have a few people I can call,” Goro said. “Thank you.”
“Of course.”
Fortune Arcana: Rank 2

Chapter End Notes

I think the plot actually returns next chapter. Crazy, i know.
Also i miss the cat. When will the cat return from the war /j
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 63: September 10–15, 2011
Chapter Summary

Guys im so sorry
shenannigans are over for real this time
what are we going to do with outselves ;-;

Chapter Notes

tw: poor decision making, kidnapping, ptsd, implied/referenced child neglect

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“Remind me what happened?” Akihiko asked as Goro collapsed onto the sofa and tried not to
feel sick.
“Someone spiked our drinks,” Goro said. “Don’t know who. Can I sleep now?”
“Yeah, sure,” Akihiko sighed. “Just… don’t throw up all over the floor.”
Teddie hummed happily to himself. He was already asleep at the kitchen table. Goro could
not have been more embarrassed. At least nobody in the room knew about Goro baring his
heart and soul to Shirogane like it was nothing. How much could he pay Shirogane to forget
that ever happened?
As Goro blinked exhaustedly at the kitchen, Shinjiro coughed violently into a handkerchief.
Akihiko must have seen something Goro couldn’t from this distance. He snatched the
handkerchief from Shinjiro’s hands.
“What is this?” he asked.
“It’s just my handkerchief, relax–”
“Shinji, I thought you agreed to tell me if your symptoms got worse.”
“It’s the same cough.”
“There’s blood…”

Goro fell asleep before he could hear more.

Although Goro still had a headache the following morning, both Teddie and Goro said
goodbye to Akihiko and Shinjiro and returned to Inaba on train. Teddie complained about
feeling sick the entire ride back, but Goro ignored him.
“You kept drinking that crap even after I told you it was alcohol,” Goro said. “Don’t
complain.”
“Nobody warned Teddie about the after effects,” Teddie complained.
“Well, now you know for later.”
By the time they arrived at Inaba, both Goro and Teddie were feeling significantly improved.
Teddie was humming the Junes tune, telling Goro his plans to infiltrate Yasogami High.
Seeing as Akira could easily enter Yasogami Middle without being stopped, Goro didn’t
really think Teddie would have any issues.
“I had a lot of fun with you and your friends, Goro-kun,” Teddie said. “I hope to see them
again someday.”
“Maybe you will,” Goro said. “Hopefully with less drunkenness.”
“Shinji-san was a really good cook too,” Teddie continued. “I’ll be one happy bear the next
time I eat his cooking.”
“I’m sure you will be.”
Goro returned to the Tatsumi residence and quickly hid away in his room to finish the
penguin he made for Kanji.
“Ma, I’m home!” Kanji said as he entered the house. “Did Goro-kun get back all right?”
“Of course, why wouldn’t he?” Tatsumi said. “He’s in his room if you want to speak to him.”
“Oh, right,” Kanji said. “Obviously.”
Kanji knocked on Goro’s door soon after. Goro debated hiding the penguin, but there wasn’t
much point. He might as well just show it to Kanji and get the ordeal over with.
“You can come in,” Goro said.
Kanji opened the door and stepped inside, looking somewhat uncomfortable. Was he still
suffering from the effects of hangover? It wasn’t unlikely.
“I just wanted to apologize for how… weird things got last night,” Kanji said. He shut the
door behind him and lowered his voice. “I know that clubs aren’t really your thing in the first
place, and then we all got drunk on you.”

“I was tipsy too,” Goro said. “I should have known better than to drink something without
confirming it wasn’t alcohol in a place like that.”
“Yeah, well…” Kanji shrugged. “Sorry anyway.”
“Apology accepted,” Goro said. “How are you feeling?”
“Sick to my stomach,” Kanji admitted. “Can I sit down?”
Goro nodded, and Kanji immediately sat down at Goro’s desk. Goro’s muscles tensed as
Kanji picked up the penguin and inspected it.
“Huh,” Kanji said. “You make this?”
“Yes,” Goro admitted. He grimaced when Kanji poked its lopsided face. “I made it for you,
but I know it's not very good.”
“Are you kidding?” Kanji asked. “This is really impressive for your first try.”
“It’s… not my first try.” Goro wasn’t in the mood to give Kanji false impressions of his
talent. He had put that life behind him. “This is closer to my third.”
“Still impressive,” Kanji said. “It’s for me?”
“Well, you taught me everything I know,” Goro said.
“Right, one lesson taught you how to make an entire stuffed animal,” Kanji said sarcastically.
“Fine.” Goro rolled his eyes. “You and YouTube taught me everything I know. You were still
my first teacher.”
“Well, I’m flattered.” Kanji squeezed the penguin with both hands. “Really. Thank you.”
“It was nothing.”
“I do have to ask, though,” Kanji said. “Did you actually enjoy making this? Because I kind
of got the impression that you didn’t enjoy crocheting. It’s fine if you don’t, by the way.”
“I understand the appeal,” Goro said neutrally. “It is satisfying when I finally succeed at
something.”
“You know that wasn’t my question.”
“Well, fine, I can’t say that I had a thrilling time,” Goro said. “But you were the one who
wanted me to have a hobby, weren’t you?”
“Yeah, but as a way to unwind,” Kanji said. “There’s not much point if you don’t enjoy
yourself while doing it.”
Goro didn’t say anything to that. The whole concept of unwinding still felt ridiculous. They
still didn’t know for sure if the killer was still at large or not, and Shido was only growing

more and more powerful. Even if Goro had very little he could do about both of those at that
moment, the last thing he wanted to do was relax.
Kanji stood up.
“It’s no big deal,” Kanji said. “We’ll find something you enjoy sooner rather than later. Just
give me some time to brainstorm.”
“Right,” Goro said. He didn’t want to argue. Kanji was still his host, after all. Goro still owed
Kanji for punching him in the face in July.
“Seriously,” Kanji said. He patted Goro’s shoulder. “I’m not surrendering until I’ve found the
perfect hobby for you. Something that puts a smile on that grouchy face of yours.”
“Did you just call me grouchy?” Goro asked.
“Maybe,” Kanji said. “I plead hangover.”
“I don’t think that’s how it works,” Goro said. He sighed. “It’s fine. I know I’m not a peach to
be around.”
“That’s not what I meant,” Kanji said awkwardly. “You just look like you have a lot on your
mind, you know? I want to help with that.”
“I don’t think a hobby is going to make my problems go away.”
“But it might make them less overwhelming,” kanji said. “Let’s just play it by ear, yeah?”
“Sure.”
Emperor Arcana: Rank 6

“Akira-kun,” Goro said after school on Monday afternoon. “Why is the monster cat here?”
Akira looked down at Monster Cat, who was nuzzling his head against Akira’s legs. That in
itself wouldn’t be odd if it weren’t for the fact that school just ended. What was the cat doing
with Akira?
“The monster cat is a sweetheart,” Akira said reproachfully. “Who decided to follow me to
school. I managed to hide him in my bag for the rest of the day, but I wanted to let him have
air as I came to meet up with you.”
“The cat followed you to school,” Goro said.
“Yep.”
“How did you not notice?”

“He’s a master of stealth,” Akira said. He leaned over and pet Monster Cat behind the ears.
“All monster cats are masters of stealth.”
“I don’t buy it.”
“Well, that’s because you’re a hater,” Akira said. He picked Monster Cat up and sighed. “He
climbed into my backpack, and I didn’t find him until after I was half-way to school. Is that
better for you?”
“I still don’t know how you wouldn’t notice that, but fine,” Goro said. “It’s an explanation, at
the very least.”
“Goro-kun likes his explanations,” Akira told Monster Cat. “Because he is a very smart but
very stubborn person who likes to doubt everyone’s parents.”
“I’m standing right here.”
“He also likes stating the obvious.”
“You’re corrupting the poor creature,” Goro said. He leaned over and stared Monster Cat
straight in its hazel eyes. “Between you and me, Akira is a little shit on the inside.”
“You hurt his feelings,” Akira said.
“Oh, I hurt his feelings,” Goro said.
Akira nodded. “He’s very defensive of his favorite person in the entire world,” Akira said.
“He would never think of me as a little–”
Nanako was walking toward them. Goro stomped on Akira’s foot. Akira yelped and dropped
Monster Cat in alarm. Monster Cat, looking very shocked by this betrayal, ran straight up to
Nanako.
“Monster Cat, wait up!” Akira cried, running after him. Goro followed close behind. The last
thing he needed was for Nanako to be killed by the potentially feral cat.
Nanako crouched down and began to pet the cat. Monster Cat purred particularly
aggressively as he pressed his head into Nanako’s hand.
“Aw,” Nanako said. “Are you lost, little kitty?”
“See?” Akira told Goro. “Your monster cat is very sweet around the children.”
Nanako looked up and beamed. “Hello, Akechi-san! I found a cat.”
“He’s actually our cat,” Akira said. He gave Goro a confused look. “You know her?”
“She’s my friend’s cousin,” Goro said.
“You have a cat?” Nanako asked in amazement. “What’s his name?”

“That’s still to be decided,” Akira said. “We have a few contenders we’re deciding between.”
That wasn’t strictly true, unless those contenders were Go-Go Goro and Monster Cat. And
nobody with any common sense would choose Go-Go Goro as a practical name. Then again,
Monster Cat wasn’t what most would call a proper name either.
“I want pets,” Nanako said. She sighed sadly as she continued to stroke the monster cat’s fur.
“But Dad is allergic. He’s worried I might be allergic too, even though I’m fine right now.”
“Oh, that’s sad,” Akira said softly. “I’m sorry to hear it.”
“You can visit Monster Cat whenever you’d like,” Goro said. “Although I guess that’s not my
call to make.”
He glanced at Akira, who nodded agreeably.
“If I see you, I’ll let you say hi,” he said. “I have a feeling Monster Cat is going to be
following me around a lot in my near future.”
“Why are you calling it Monster Cat?” Nanako asked.
“It’s Goro’s fault,” Akira said immediately. “We’re not actually choosing that as a name.”
“Right,” Goro said. “That’s why his ears perk up when we say it.”
“There’s still time to make this right,” Akira said. He picked up Monster Cat. “From now on,
I’m going to call you Sweetest Cat Ever.”
Monster Cat blinked at Akira blankly.
“That’s not really a name either,” Nanako said. “If you want, I can help with the naming.”
“That’s very sweet of you, um…” Akira frowned. “I’m sorry, I don’t think I caught your
name.”
“Dojima Nanako.”
“Well, that’s very sweet of you, Nanako-chan, but I think we can figure out this naming thing
as long as Goro stops interfering,” Akira said. “But I’d be happy to hear your ideas.”
“You should name him after my big bro,” Nanako said. “Yu is a very good name.”
“We’ll consider it,” Goro said.
“Thank you.” Nanako bowed. “I need to go. I’m going to a friend’s house.”
“Be careful,” Goro said.
“I will! Bye, Kurusu-san, Monster Cat-san!”

As Nanako jogged away, Akira stared at Monster Cat with a horrified expression. “Even the
child is using the name.”
“It’s our own fault for using it unironically,” Goro said.
“No, it’s your fault for starting it,” Akira said. “I don’t want to take any of the blame for
this.”
“Fine. I take full responsibility. For the record, I think it’s a very good name.”
“How on earth is it a good name?” Akira asked.
“You’ll find out later.”
Akira was extremely miffed when Goro didn’t clarify any further.
Sun Arcana: Rank 4

In the evenings, Tatsumi usually watched art documentaries while sewing. However, that
evening, Tatsumi turned on the TV and began switching between channels when Kanji wore
a look of alarm.
“Wait!” he blurted out. He snatched the remote from Tatsumi and flipped back a couple of
channels.
“Kanji!” Tatsumi said sternly. “What on earth was that about?”
Goro leaned against the nearby wall and pretended not to expect Kanji to be smacked in the
face.
“Just give me a minute!” Kanji snapped.
Kanji stopped changing the channels at the local news station. Naoto was on the screen,
speaking to an interviewer.
“Oh… like what?” asked the interviewer.
“Unfortunately, I cannot divulge details at this time. But this matter claimed the lives of three
people. Hence, I believe even the smallest inconsistency must be investigated,” Naoto said.
He looked less comfortable in front of the cameras as he one day would be, but the interview
looked vaguely familiar. It was likely one of the many Goro watched when researching
Shirogane’s popularity. How many years ago had it been now? Almost six?
“Oh, I recognize that young man,” Tatsumi said. “Is he a friend of yours, Kanji?”
“You could say that,” Kanji said. He glanced at Goro uncertainty. “We’ve spoken a few
times.”

The interview moved onto Naoto discussing his past cases. Kanji handed the remote back to
Tatsumi.
“Sorry, Ma,” he said. “You can go back to watching your show. I can watch the rest of this in
my room.”
“Apology accepted,” Tatsumi said. “It’s good of you to support your friends, but I’d prefer
you just ask next time.”
Kanji looked away, obviously embarrassed. “Right.”
Kanji gestured beckoningly at Goro, and Goro followed him reluctantly. When Kanji had
safely closed his bedroom door behind him, he turned his television back to the news
channel.
“You don’t think this means that Naoto-kun’s going to be put in the TV too, do you?” Kanji
asked.
“I don’t know,” Goro said. “That depends on if he’s right about Kubo not being the true
culprit.”
“What do you think?” Kanji asked. “I know that you don’t really remember the details of this
case, but surely you remember something that can help us out.”
Goro frowned. “If you want me to go off of my gut feeling, I think there is more than meets
the eye,” he said. “I don’t think we’re done with these kidnappings yet.”
“Shit,” Kanji said.
“I do have an idea,” Goro said. “If you see Shirogane-kun, would you mind telling him to
come speak to me? I have something I want to ask of him.”
Kanji raised his eyebrows. “What is it?”
Goro trusted Kanji, but the less people who knew about this plan, the less likely it was going
to fall to pieces. “It’s a surprise.”

Shirogane found Goro walking back home from school with Akira.
“You wanted to see me?” Shirogane asked.
“Yes,” Goro said. “But maybe we should meet somewhere more private.”
“My house should be empty in an hour,” Shirogane said. “My grandfather has a meeting with
an old friend of his. Will that be agreeable to you?”
“That sounds fine.”

Shirogane gave Goro the address and walked away. Akira gave him a confused look. “What
was that about?”
“Don’t worry about it.”
“You’ve said that a lot lately.”
“I guess there’s a lot you don’t need to worry about at the moment.”
Akira didn’t look thrilled with that answer. Goro couldn’t exactly blame him.
After Akira successfully made it back to his home, Goro went to the address Shirogane gave
him. His grandfather’s house was actually rather nice. It was bigger than most of the homes
in Inaba, although it was nothing too luxurious. Goro rang the doorbell, and Shirogane let
him inside.
“We can speak in my grandfather’s study if you want more privacy,” Shirogane said. “Hardly
anything gets through the walls in there.”
Shirogane led Goro to the study. He closed the door securely behind him and crossed his
arms. “Alright. Enough waiting. What do you want to talk to me about?”
“You plan to be kidnapped, am I correct?”
“What do you mean?” Naoto asked, his eyebrows furrowing.
“I know you’ve made the connection between the kidnappings and the victim’s appearance
on television,” Goro said. “And yet you willfully engaged in an interview. If I didn’t know
better, I’d say you were trying to find the culprit by intentionally being kidnapped.”
Naoto sighed. “And what if you’re right? Are you going to stop me?”
“I hope you understand the risks of what you’re doing.”
“I’m not a fool,” Naoto said, uncrossing his arms. “I know full well this could result in my
untimely death. But the pattern is consistent enough that I am willing to take that risk.
Besides, your group has a habit of finding the victims.”
“In that case, I’m not going to stop you,” Goro said. “I doubt I could.”
“You would be right about that,” Naoto said. He put a hand on his hip. “But if you’re not
going to stop me, why are you here?”
“I want to help you,” Goro said. “Whoever this person is, he has ways of knocking you out
before you have much time to assess the situation.”
Naoto nodded. “I know he drugged you. The same couldn’t be said for certain of Kujikawasan.”
“She still has no memory of the event,” Goro said. “So it must happen faster than is ideal.”

“Fair point,” Naoto said. “What do you suggest?”
Goro pulled out a single tracker from his pocket and handed it to Naoto. “This is a tracker my
friend developed. With it, I can determine anyone’s location from miles away.”
“You’re suggesting that I put this on my attacker,” Naoto said, inspecting the tracker
carefully. “Then, if I don’t remember anything, we’d still know where the culprit had gone.”
“Exactly,” Goro said. “It’s not foolproof, of course. The culprit might find the tracker and put
it elsewhere, or you might not have time to put it on them at all.”
“But it is better than nothing,” Naoto said. He frowned. “Who else knows about this plan?”
“Nobody but ourselves and a few of my associates,” Goro said. “A friend of mine developed
the trackers. And she doesn’t know the specifics, just that I wanted to use them to track down
the killer.”
“Associates? Where did your friend even get the technology to develop this?”
“She works with the Kirijo Group from time to time,” Goro said.
Naoto’s eyes widened. “Impressive,” he said. “But I suppose I shouldn’t be surprised. I heard
that Kirijo-san was extremely agitated when you were taken.”
“I should hope so,” Goro said. “She is my guardian.”
Not that it really meant anything. But Goro and Mitsuru had gone through enough together
that Goro would have felt a bit betrayed if his kidnapping hadn’t upset Mitsuru.
“Hopefully, my grandfather won’t be too worried,” Naoto said. “I don’t know how your
operation works, but if you do rescue the victims, please find me as soon as possible.”
“We try,” Goro said. “Try not to get killed.”
“I do have some self-defense training, you know,” Naoto said. He put the tracker in his
pocket. “Thank you for this. I’ll try not to waste it.”
“You’re very welcome.” Goro clenched his fists. “I doubt I need to tell you this, but please
avoid telling any of the others about this plan.”
“Of course not,” Naoto agreed. “The less people who know about this, the more likely it is to
succeed.”
Finally, someone in this town who was on the same wavelength as him. Even if that
wavelength was extremely reckless.
Fortune Arcana: Rank 3

“Did you find Naoto-kun alright?” Kanji asked that evening.
“Yes,” Goro said.
“What did you tell him?”
“I just told him to be careful, and that I hoped he knew what he was doing,” Goro lied.
“That’s it?” Kanji asked indignantly. “I could have told him that for you.”
“I wanted to do it myself.”
“If you say so.”

Naoto’s silhouette appeared on the midnight channel the following evening.
“We should warn him, shouldn't we?” Yosuke asked after school the next day. “The killer
might be behind bars, but we don’t know that for sure.”
“I don’t think he needs any warning,” Goro said.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Rise asked.
“He’s trying to bait the killer,” Yu said. “He wants to try and find out if they actually have the
right person.”
“You’re kidding, right?” Kanji asked.
“Yeah, there’s no way Naoto-kun would be that stupid,” Yosuke said. “He’s more levelheaded than the rest of us combined.”
“I’m not actually sure that’s true,” Yukiko said. “He does seem like the sort of person who
would do anything to find out the truth about a case.”
“Well, I’m going to warn him to keep an eye out anyway,” Yosuke said. “It doesn’t feel right
to just assume he knows what might be coming.”
“Good point,” Chie said. “I’ll come with you.”
Half the group went to warn Naoto about the danger that he certainly knew was coming. Yu
and Goro were among those who decided that it didn’t take ten people to deliver a single
message.
“Well, while they do that, want to go do something?” Yu asked. “I mean, there’s not much we
can do until Naoto is actually taken. We could train or something.”
“It’s been a few days since I’ve last been on a run,” Goro said.
“A run?” Yu asked.

“It’s a good way to increase your stamina,” Goro said. “If I didn’t exercise regularly, I’d be
running on fumes ten minutes into a dungeon.”
“Huh, I guess that’s true,” Yu said. “Alright. Try not to outpace me too much.”
“Are you kidding?” Goro asked. “Your legs are at least a third longer than mine.”
“A third?” Yu asked. “I was thinking closer to twice as long.”
“If your legs were that long, you’d look like you came out of some horror novel.”
“But my stamina would be amazing.”
“I don’t understand you at all,” Goro said. “Just get changed into something more suitable for
working out. I’ll meet you by your place.”
The run itself was actually quite enjoyable. Yu was obviously able to keep pace with Goro
rather well, but Goro didn’t fall behind any significant amount either. And although running
didn’t make for very good conversational opportunities, it at least made Goro feel like he was
doing something that wasn’t sitting around and waiting for Naoto to be kidnapped.
When they were done, they sat in front of Nanako’s vegetable garden and drank water in
relative silence. It was hot enough that their sweat was beginning to evaporate off their faces,
which was extremely refreshing.
“That was fun,” Yu said. “If only Yosuke would agree to work out like this.”
“He doesn’t?”
“Yosuke is more of an ideas guy than a ‘let’s go get stronger’ guy,” Yu said. “When we were
first starting out, he would wear out so quickly when we were running around Yukiko’s
castle.”
“I can imagine.” Goro could still picture Junpei practically folding in on himself by the time
they were done in Tartarus, and they were only able to be in there for an hour at a time.
“He’s improved a lot since then,” Yu said. “Everyone has.”
“You have too,” Goro said. “I know I haven’t been around as long as some of the others, but
its obvious that you’re taking this seriously.”
“Well, yeah,” Yu said. “I think, for the first time in my life, I’m a part of something that’s
really special. Something that will make an impact, you know? I can’t waste that.”
“You make it sound so simple,” Goro said.
Yu frowned. “Do you not agree?”
“No, I think I do agree,” Goro said. “I’m just impressed. Most people would get high on the
power or disregard it entirely.”

“Were you one of those people?”
Goro snorted. “Guess which one.”
“I know what your shadows said,” Yu said. He wiped some remaining beads of sweat from
his brow and pressed his water bottle against his forehead. “But you don’t seem like a powerhungry sort of person.”
“Maybe not anymore,” Goro said, shrugging his shoulder. “People can change.”
“I guess they can,” Yu said. “I think I’ve changed… this past year, I mean. I used to feel
hardly anything at all, and now my life is filled with all sorts of experiences.”
“That’s the thing about life,” Goro said. “It changes you.”
“But you can change your life too, right?” Yu asked. “I was thinking… maybe you don’t have
to follow it wherever it takes you. Maybe you can take control.”
Goro shook his head. “There’s no controlling what life brings,” he said. “Only controlling
what you do with it.”
Yu smiled grimly. “I guess you’re right.”
“But Yu,” Goro said. “That doesn’t mean you have to let the people around you control you
too.”
Yu stood up and sighed. “Maybe not.”
Goro took the cue and stood up as well. “I should get going,” he said. “Thank you for your
company.”
“Thanks for wanting it,” Yu said. “Nanako is spending the afternoon with a friend, and I
really didn’t want to be at home alone.”
“Well, I’m glad that I can be of service to you for once.”
“Me too.”
Star Arcana: Rank 4

That night, Kanji decided the best way to stay up until midnight without falling asleep was to
try to teach Goro to sew. Goro was about as proficient in the art as he was in crocheting,
except that he managed to prick himself about twenty times in the process.
“I’m starting to get this vibe that you’re not a very crafty person,” Kanji said.
“Where’d you get that idea?”

Goro was fortunately saved by the Midnight Channel buzzing to life. He put the sewing
supplies back on Kanji’s table. Both he and Kanji leaned forward to get a better view of the
TV.
Naoto’s shadow stood in what looked to be some scientific facility. He wore a lab coat over
his usual blue polo and tie.
“Good evening, everyone. I am the Detective Prince, Shirogane Naoto. Welcome to
‘Experiment of the Century: The Genome Project.’ I will be experimentor and experimentee
both, in a forbidden yet wonderful bodily alteration process!
“You shall witness my departure into a new realm...The moment of a new birth! From the
chosen day forth, I shall walk a completely different path in life...! And I will share this
glorious occasion, this memorable day, with all of you! Do stay tuned!”
Well, if the investigation team hadn’t already begun suspecting that Naoto was assigned
female at birth, they certainly were likely to find out now.
The TV shut off. Kanji jumped to his feet.
“That idiot!” he exclaimed. “What good is he going to do anyone kidnapped, huh? What was
he thinking?”
“We already discussed this,” Goro said. “He wanted to ascertain the true killer.”
“I know that… I just… ugh!” Kanji looked about ready to punch the wall. “I was really
hoping that we had caught the guy, you know? But this only confirms that you were right all
along, and now Naoto is in danger because of it.”
“We’ll rescue him,” Goro said, standing up. “We always do.”
Goro already brought his laptop into Kanji’s bedroom in preparation for Naoto showing up
completely on the Midnight Channel. He opened it up to the program showing the location of
the trackers.
Tsuyoshi’s tracker was still sitting by that strange shed. As a matter of fact, Goro wasn’t sure
that Tsuyoshi had even been in Inaba since mid-August.
The other tracker wasn’t at Naoto’s house. This should’ve been a good thing. Technically, it
was.
“You have got to be shitting me,” Goro muttered, staring at the computer screen.
Why was he even surprised? This should have been one of the most obvious possibilities. He
should have been prepared for this potential inevitability.
And yet it had never even occurred to him.
“I know, right?” Kanji asked. “What was he… wait, what are you looking at?”

Kanji looked over Goro’s shoulder. Goro didn’t bother to hide the screen. He was planning on
telling the others anyway.
“Um, isn’t that Yu’s house?” Kanji’s voice was completely bewildered. “Why the hell are you
staring at it?”

Chapter End Notes

Nyarly really do be out here trolling everyone. Man is thriving rn.
Check out this awesome art of Akechi in a SEES uniform! Very cool. <3
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 64: September 16–17, 2011
Chapter Summary

Guys why is everyone shouting at each other ;-;
guys ;-;
why can't they all just get alonggggg

Chapter Notes

tw: ptsd, arguing, referenced kidnapping/murders, trust issues

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“Akechi-kun? Akechi-kun!”
Goro snapped out of his reverie and looked up at his teacher. “Yes?”
“Get your head in the game, Akechi-kun,” the teacher said. “Since you were so fascinated in
today’s lesson, perhaps you could tell me who I was just speaking about?”
Goro’s mouth felt suddenly dry. He glanced to his right, still half-expecting Emiko to be there
to slide her sloppy notes toward him.
There was no one. He was alone.
“I’m sorry,” he said. “I don’t know.”
The teacher sighed. “I didn’t think so,” she said. “What about you, Aoki-kun?
Goro tried to keep his mind focused on the rest of the lesson, but he could hardly focus at all.
The discovery from last night kept pounding against his head like a battering ram.
There was no way Yu was actually the culprit. Why the hell would the culprit want to rescue
the people he was hurting? It didn’t make any sense. There must’ve been a mistake. Maybe
the killer noticed the tracker and put it on the one person that the entire group trusted. Hell,
maybe it was Tsuyoshi.
Yu must have an alibi. But the time and place of when each person was kidnapped was so
tenuous. Goro couldn’t remember any instance in which there was no way Yu could have

been involved with a kidnapping.
It was hard to focus on finding an alibi when the image of Ikutsuki’s smile kept flashing in
his mind. Takeharu’s dead body. The image of Yu trying to kill everyone he loved. Of Yu
feeling just as Goro did when he was nothing more than Shido’s unwitting pawn.
But why was Goro so firmly against the idea of Yu being the culprit? He and Yu weren’t
particularly close. They were friends, but that was about as far as their relationship went.
Goro was always prepared when an adult betrayed him, so why was the idea of Yu’s betrayal
so sickening?
Maybe it was Nanako. How the hell was he meant to tell her that her big brother might be a
killer? How the hell was he meant to apprehend Yu and leave Nanako alone with Dojima,
who was so emotionally stunted that it hurt?
Maybe Dojima was the killer. What had Goro told Adachi when he first came to Inaba?
Nobody would suspect a cop.
There would be one way to find out. Goro had already texted everyone saying he wanted to
meet at Yosuke’s house before they went to the TV world. If there was a tracker on Yu’s
clothing, that would confirm it.
The idea was still sickening.
It was strange. For all the scorn he had given the Phantom Thieves for only mistrusting adults
when children have the potential to be just as dangerous, Goro was doing the same thing. It
was barely conceivable that a teenager would be able to outsmart him.
But why? Goro himself had been a traitor. Akira had outwitted him when Goro had tried to
kill him. Why was it too much to assume that Yu had manipulated all of them?
Had Goro trusted Yu? Truly trusted him? Was Yu saving his life enough for Goro to believe
that he had nothing to do with Goro’s kidnapping to begin with? But Goro didn’t trust
anyone. It took almost a year for him to even trust SEES.
Did he trust all the Investigation Team?
No. He couldn’t have. He wouldn’t have kept the trackers a secret if he had truly trusted
them. He was just surprised. Yu hadn’t betrayed him, because Goro had never trusted him to
begin with. This was just shocking news. News that Goro could recover from.
It might not even be true. It could be a trick.
But if it was…
What were they going to tell Nanako?

“What the hell?” Yosuke couldn’t believe what he was seeing. Did Goro seriously think Yu
was the culprit because of one faulty tracker? That was barely evidence at all! “Your program
says that the tracker is at my house,” he continued. “Doesn’t that mean the killer could be any
one of us? The killer could be you, for all we know.”
“Thank you, genius, might I remind you that I wasn’t in Inaba for the first four victims?”
Goro snarled. “I don’t want to believe it either, but this is the truth. The tracker was at
Narukami’s house, and now it’s here. You do the math.”
“This is what you wanted to speak to Naoto-kun about?” Kanji demanded. “Tell him to be
careful, my ass.”
Yosuke let out a shocked laugh. “There’s no way the rest of you are believing this, right? I
mean, this is Yu we’re talking about. Our leader.”
Nobody said anything. Not even Yu.
Yosuke jumped to his feet. He couldn’t believe this was happening. “Come on, are you
seriously going to buy into this?! Stand up for yourself!”
“I’m not the killer,” Yu said. “But the evidence is looking kind of stacked against me at the
moment.”
“So? People get falsely accused all the time! Just prove Goro wrong.”
“Please,” Goro said.
Yu reached into his pocket and pulled out a small item. He placed it on the table. “Is this the
tracker?” Yu asked.
Goro nodded. His expression was tight.
“I found it in my coat pocket while at school today,” Yu said. “I don’t know how it got there.”
“That’s not exactly what I would call decisive evidence in your favor,” Kanji said.
“I mean, there’s no way Yu is actually the killer,” Chie said. Yoskue wanted to sob in relief.
“Why would he save all of those people?”
“Thank you,” Yosuke said, gesturing wildly at Chie. “Why would he help us save lives? He
saved your life, Goro-kun!”
“I know that!” Goro snapped, jumping to his feet himself. “I don’t want to believe it; I’m just
telling you the facts. I told Naoto to put the tracker on the culprit, and the tracker is on
Narukami!”
“Maybe the killer put the tracker on Yu?” Chie asked.
“But why Yu?” Rise asked. “You don’t think…”

“It’s not Doijma,” Yu said immediately. “Accuse me all you’d like. Don’t bring Dojima-san
into this.”
“Are you kidding me?” Yosuke asked. “Your innocence is on the line here!”
“I don’t care!” Yu’s voice cracked. “Dojima is innocent. We’re not taking Nanako away from
her father.”
“Oh, but we’ll take her away from her Big Brother instead?” Yosuke demanded. Why the hell
was Yu self-sabotaging himself?
“Dojima-san was pretty insistent that we stay out of the case,” Kanji said. “Maybe it was to
cover his tracks?”
“I don’t know if that theory is provable enough for Goro-kun,” Yosuke said.
“Don’t give me so little credit,” Goro said. “Of course, I’ve considered the possibility that
Dojima is the killer. And if that’s the theory you want to go with, then it’s something I’m
willing to consider further.”
“We are not considering that theory!” Yu snapped, slamming his hand against the table. The
sudden vibration caused the tiny tracker to skid off the table. Nobody bothered to pick it up.
“Dojima-san is good, alright? He’s not the killer!”
“Well, unless Nanako is the mastermind, we’re running out of options,” Goro said.
“We’ve said it before, right?” Rise asked reluctantly. “We always did think it was odd that
Senpai was the first one able to enter the TV.”
“And he did come right before the murders,” Yukiko said. “It is a weird coincidence.”
“But why would he want to do that?” Rise asked. “I mean, why would you want to kill
people?”
“I don’t want to kill anyone,” Yu said. “I’m not the culprit.”
“Yeah,” Kanji said. “I mean, could a guy like Yu really overpower me? He’s so scrawny.”
“So you’re willing to consider Kubo as the culprit, but not Yu?” Goro asked. “Yu could
probably overpower Kubo in an instant.”
“Yu is our friend,” Yosuke said.
Goro laughed, but it sounded more like he was crying. “And friends are just perfectly
incapable of betraying people!”
“His shadow said that he would be willing to do anything to be needed,” Yukiko said.
“Would that even include murder?”
“Sensei wouldn’t do that!” Teddie cried.

“Maybe we should all take a deep breath,” Chie said. She stood up and raised her hands
placatingly. “Yu can’t be the killer, alright? He was with us the entire time when Rise-chan
was taken.”
The room went dead silent. Yosuke could hear the birds chirping outside.
“Oh, that’s right,” Rise said. Her eyes widened. “I was taken right when you all were trying
to arrest that peeping Tom with Adachi, right? Yu was with you the entire time.”
“And if that’s the case, then we all have an alibi,” Chie said, nodding. “Except for Teddie, but
I really doubt that you’re involved in the murders.”
“I can proudly say that I have no hope of overpowering Kanji-kun,” Teddie said.
“I would hope not,” Kanji said.
“Is that good enough for you?” Yosuke asked. He hated that he was relieved. Was he really
starting to buy into what Goro was saying? “For a detective, you sure are stupid.”
Goro looked like he had been slapped in the face. Yosuke couldn’t bring himself to feel bad.
“I’m the stupid one?” Goro repeated. “You’re the one who trusted your friend despite the
evidence stacked against him.”
“How is that stupid?” Yosuke asked. “Last time I checked, it should be innocent until proven
guilty, right?”
“We were well on our way to proving him guilty,” Goro said. “Ignorant trust like that only
gets you killed.”
Yosuke wanted to spit. “And what would you know about trust? You seem so eager to accuse
any one of us of being killers.”
“Yosuke,” Yu said sharply. “That’s enough.”
“Trust gets you killed,” Goro said. “Or it gets others killed. I’m not sorry for using the facts I
had in front of me to make a conclusion, but I am sorry I forgot a critical detail such as Yu’s
alibi. Yu-kun, please forgive me.”
“It’s alright,” Yu said. “Really.”
“I’m sorry to the rest of you as well,” Goro said. “Now, if you’ll excuse me.”
Goro strode out of the room with a stony expression. Yosuke crossed his arms. He couldn’t
say he was particularly sorry to see Goro go.
A stifled silence filled the room as Goro slammed the door shut behind him. Yukiko stared at
her lap, looking like she wanted to cry. Rise was glancing out the window uncomfortably.
Chie’s previous smile of triumph faded into something sadder.

“Okay, what the hell just happened?” Kanji asked. “Because I think I lost track of the
conversation somewhere.”
Some of Yosuke’s anger was fading away. He couldn’t decide if he wanted to cry or punch
something.
“Akechi-kun just accused Yu of murder, but Yu can’t be the killer because he has an alibi,”
Yosuke said. “The end.”
“You’re not being fair,” Yu said. “He had reason to believe it. It’s not like the odds were for
me.”
“Except that you had an alibi!”
“Like you remembered that,” Chie scoffed. “It happened months ago. I only remembered
because I was busy thinking instead of arguing with everyone.”
“But Akechi-kun’s smarter than that,” Yosuke said. He massaged his eyes. “Why didn’t he
remember that himself?”
“Would you remember everything if you thought your friend had betrayed you?” Yukiko
asked quietly.
“Yeah, I would, because I wouldn’t immediately assume the worst.”
“Yosuke,” Yu said. “Nobody’s perfect. And Goro wasn’t the only one who thought I did it.”
He stared at Yukiko and Rise solemnly. “You both have been wondering about me for a while
now, haven’t you?”
“Not really,” Yukiko said. “I just… your shadow said some strange things, and I managed to
forget about it for a while, but when Goro showed that map…”
“And I didn’t really think you were the killer!” Rise hastened to say quickly. “I just thought it
was a pretty crazy coincidence, and I entertained the thought once or twice, but I didn’t really
mean it.” Rise slumped and bit her lip. “I’m a pretty terrible friend, aren’t I?”
“No,” Yu said. “There’s nothing wrong with being cautious.”
“Yu,” Yosuke said, staring at Goro’s still-open laptop. There was no denying that it was really
hard to argue with a tracker. Maybe Yosuke had been a little hard on Goro. “We really have to
consider the possibility that Dojima…”
“No,” Yu said again. “No. We’re not doing that. Not right now.”
“But where else could it have come from?” Yukiko asked, still looking shaken from their
conversation.
“Anyone. Okay?” Yu stood up and closed Goro’s computer. “Clearly the killer saw the
tracker and planted it on me to divide us. Let’s not let him win, got that?”

“R-right,” Kanji said.
“Great.” Yu picked up Goro’s computer. “I should return this to Goro. We’ll meet up in the
TV world in an hour, alright?”

Goro had realized he left his laptop in Yosuke’s room almost as soon as he left Yosuke’s
house. He wasn’t willing to go back up and face the others all over again, so he just sat on the
front step, wondering how he could have missed such a vital detail.
Of all the potential alibis Goro had wracked through his head, he had missed the obvious one
staring him in the face. It was clear Rise had been kidnapped while they were dealing with
the creep trying to get photos of her. Chie was right. Yu had been with them the entire time.
He never had the chance to kidnap her.
What had he been thinking?
The door opened behind Goro. Goro flinched.
“Hey,” Yu said. “You left your laptop.”
Goro stood up and took the laptop from Yu before he decided to smash it across Goro’s skull.
“Thank you,” Goro said stiffly.
“It was nothing,” Yu said. “I needed some air anyway.”
“I’m sorry,” Goro said. He wanted to say more, but Yu beat him to the punch.
“Like I said, it was no big deal.” Yu put his hands into his pockets casually. “You kind of left
in a rush; it’s understandable that you would leave your laptop behind.”
“That’s not an excuse,” Goro said, even though neither of them were even thinking about the
laptop. “I should’ve thought further ahead.”
“You forgot,” Yu said. “Everyone forgets things.”
“All I ever seem to do is forget.” Goro turned away. “I’ll get out of your hair.”
“Goro,” Yu said. Goro froze. “I’m not angry.”
An overwhelming mix of emotions bombarded Goro from all sides. Frustration at being
dismissed so quickly by Yosuke. Frustration with himself, that he had missed such a critical
detail. Fear, because now the rest of the team probably hated him. And even relief, because
deep down he had wanted to trust Yu.
“Well, maybe you should be.” Goro’s grip on the laptop was growing more tenuous. “I
almost turned the entire team against you. If it weren’t for Chie, you could have been alone,
and we could have been without our leader when Naoto’s life is on the line.”

“And yet.”
“I know Yosuke’s furious,” Goro said. His chest hurt to even think about it. “I’m furious.
Why didn’t you defend yourself back there?”
“When has defending yourself ever gotten you anywhere?” Yu asked. “A guilty person is
going to defend himself just as quickly as an innocent person. No one is going to believe
either if there’s enough evidence.”
“And some people take silence as an admission of guilt,” Goro said. “You weren’t saying
anything, and I thought that all of my worst fears had been confirmed.”
“I’m sorry.”
“No, you shouldn’t be apologizing–” Goro inhaled deeply in frustration, trying to calm down.
“Don’t you give a shit about yourself at all?”
“Do you?”
“I would if I was being falsely accused of murder,” Goro said. “I thought you wanted to help
people. How can you do that if everyone thinks you’re the villain?”
“I don’t know,” Yu admitted. “You can’t make me angry at you, though. It’s not like you
framed me for the crime.”
“That’s not the point,” Goro said.
“You made a mistake. Everyone makes those–”
“I don’t!” Goro shouted. “I shouldn’t! Mistakes get people killed. You should know that
better than anyone, considering who we’re up against.”
“Nobody died,” Yu said. “I’m alive. Everyone is just rattled. Mostly relieved.”
“I know that,” Goro said. He exhaled shakily. “I-I’m relieved too.”
“There.” Yu shrugged. “No harm, no foul.”
Goro couldn’t understand Yu at all. Was there a single bone in his body that cared at all about
his emotional wellbeing?
“Just because nobody died doesn’t mean there wasn’t any harm.”
“Yes, but we can all recover, and that’s what counts,” Yu said. “I know you were just trying
to protect the others. I’m glad you didn’t try to keep it a secret to protect me.”
“Is that right?”
“We’re trying to catch a murderer,” Yu said, his voice steely. “Withholding evidence would
be like siding with him. Especially if you think the person is someone close to you.”

“And yet you won’t even consider the possibility that Dojima-san is the culprit.”
“Look, I already did,” Yu said. “I didn’t want to admit it, but I did consider it while you and
Yosuke were arguing. But remember? Adachi’s first alibi can be verified by Dojima. They
share an alibi.”
“Unless Adachi and Dojima are conspiring together,” Goro said. “Adachi could have been
distracting us with the stalker while Dojima pushed Rise into the television.”
“You really have a way of making me feel better about this,” Yu said.
“I’m not saying it’s likely,” Goro said. “I’m just acknowledging the possibility.”
“Fine,” Yu said. “You’re right. It is a possibility. But what would be his motive?”
“I don’t know.”
“Then let’s try to give both Adachi and Dojima the benefit of the doubt for now,” Yu said.
“We’ve looked at the facts. It’s still unlikely that Dojima-san or Adachi-san are involved.”
“You’re right,” Goro said, even though he wasn’t sure that he was ever going to look Dojima
straight in the eye again. “Fine. I’ll try to forget about it.”
Besides, if it wasn’t Dojima, it meant that their entire exercise had been for nothing. And that
was a thought that was almost too frustrating to bear.
“Thanks,” Yu said. “I’ll keep an eye out, okay?
“Okay.”
Star Arcana: Rank 5

They went to the TV world, but Rise only told them that they needed more information on
Naoto to find his dungeon. Goro considered telling the entire group the truth about Naoto’s
sex, but the last thing he needed was to betray another person’s trust. Naoto hadn’t even
confided in Goro.
Goro would play it by ear. If it came down to it, he would reveal Naoto’s secret for the sake
of saving his life. This dungeon was likely going to end up revealing the truth anyhow.
Yosuke was still obviously angry at Goro. Seeing that everyone else behaved awkwardly at
worst, Yosuke’s resentment was a nice change of pace. Yu was continuing to behave as
though nothing had happened at all.
Kanji was among those willing to forget that the entire affair had ever happened. When they
arrived home, Tatsumi took one look at their faces and asked, “Did you two get into a fight of
some kind?”

Kanji and Goro glanced at each other. Kanji’s expression had remained unsettled throughout
the entire day, but after they stared at each other for five seconds, Kanji tore his eyes away.
His expression relaxed.
“Nah, it’s nothing,” Kanji said. “We just heard a really weird rumor that turned out not to be
true at all.”
Tatsumi tutted and shook her head disapprovingly. “You shouldn’t put too much stock in
rumors, you know. They’re rarely as true as people think they are.”
“Of course,” Goro said. He couldn’t decide if he was relieved or frustrated that Kanji was
choosing to sweep this under the rug.
Relief might have been winning.
The following day, the group continued their search for information on Naoto. They tried
speaking to a few nearby cops, but none of them were particularly willing to give up any
information.
“You’re the fifth kid to bother me today,” one of the officers told Goro as soon as he
approached them. “Are you here to report a crime, or are you here to fulfill one of your
friend’s dares to see how many times you ask an officer the same question before they snap?”
Goro left before he “accidentally” punched one of those officers in the nose.
As Goro stormed off, he accidentally brushed shoulders with Yosuke, who was heading in the
opposite direction.
“Sorry–” Yosuke cut himself off when he saw Goro. He pressed his mouth in a thin line.
Goro took a deep breath. Yosuke was right to be angry with him. “I wouldn’t bother with
those officers,” he said. “They didn’t tell me shit.”
“Maybe they can tell you’re overly paranoid,” Yosuke said.
“Are we really going to do this now?” Goro asked.
“Only if you make me.” Yosuke looked away. “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have some
officers to question.”
Goro didn’t say anything as Yosuke marched up to the officers. As soon as the word
Shirogane passed Yosuke’s lips, the officers began telling Yosuke off. Yosuke walked back
toward Goro, dejected.
“Okay, you were right,” he said. “They’re assholes.”
Despite his words, Yosuke’s voice and expression were still as cold as ice. The contrast was
unsettling. Yosuke was usually so calm and laid back. Hell, Goro would even call him an
understanding individual. Had Goro really screwed up so badly that even Yosuke was fed up
with him?

“Yosuke,” Goro said. “I actually do want to talk about this.”
“Right, because you were so willing to talk to us before,” Yosuke said, rolling his eyes.
“Accuse first, ask questions later. That’s your motto, right?”
“That’s not fair,” Goro said. “I did talk to you about it. I didn’t keep it a secret at all.”
“You kept your entire plan a secret,” Yosuke said. “If you had trusted us with that, we could
have avoided this entire thing.”
It was true that if Yu had known about the plan; there would have been very little doubt
regarding his innocence. A guilty Yu wouldn’t have kept the tracker in his coat pocket. But if
Yu had been the killer…
But that was exactly Yosuke’s point, wasn’t it?
“I don’t trust easy. It’s a side effect of being betrayed,” Goro said. “I’m sorry. What else do
you want me to do?”
“I don’t know,” Yosuke said. “But I care about Yu more than anything, and to hear you
accuse him like that… that felt like the betrayal.”
Goro wondered how he would feel, if someone had tried to convince him that Akira was the
black mask. Would he be furious? Amused? The comparison didn’t exactly work, seeing as
Goro knew exactly who the black mask really was.
That part of his life sometimes felt like a dream, and Goro would wonder if it ever even
happened. Other days, it felt as vivid as the world Goro saw before him.
“I didn’t intend for that to happen,” Goro said.
“Well, it did,” Yosuke said. “You really scared me, Goro. I really… I really didn’t want to
face that possibility.”
Yosuke must have been reveling in taking the knife of shame and twisting it into Goro’s
chest.
“You weren’t the only one,” Goro said.
Yosuke sighed. “Heh, I guess not,” he said. “I guess I’m a bit of a hypocrite. I accused you
and Dojima-san too, and both of you have alibis.”
“Unless the Adachi theory’s correct,” Goro said.
“The what in the what now?”
Both Yosuke and Goro jumped as Adachi walked up to them. Where had he even come from?
“Oh, we were just talking about how cool you are,” Yosuke said. “And how you might act
really incompetent, but there’s definitely a reason you became a detective that is no doubt as

admirable as your haircut.”
Well done, Yosuke. Very convincing.
Adachi’s eyebrows nearly reached his hairline. “Um, okay. I heard you talking about Dojimasan too, though. Is everything alright?”
“Everything’s fine, Adachi-san,” Goro said. “What are you even doing here?”
“Oh, well, that Naoto kid is missing, so I was asking around. Apparently, he hasn’t made a lot
of friends. Oh, maybe you could answer some of my questions?”
“We didn’t know him very well,” Goro said. “Sorry.”
“Eh, it was worth asking,” Adachi said. “I better keep working before Dojima catches me
slacking off.”
“Yeah,” Yosuke said. He nodded exaggeratedly. “Don’t let us keep you.”
“I’ll see you kids later,” Adachi said. “And don’t think I haven’t forgotten what you owe me,
Akechi-kun.”
Adachi ran off. Yosuke shot Goro with a perplexed look.
“I owe him ramen for helping me,” Goro said. “I don’t want to talk about it.”
“I can’t really blame you. But about the Adachi theory, let’s not overcomplicate things,”
Yosuke said. “Yu said he was compiling a list of people he interacted with the day Naoto-kun
was taken. We’ll try to figure out who planted the tracker from there.”
“I should have trusted you guys,” Goro said.
Yosuke’s smile was tense, but it was probably the warmest gesture Goro had received from
him all day. “Apology accepted, I guess.”
Magician Arcana: Rank 5

Yu called them to the TV world a few hours later.
“You finally got something out of those cops?” Yosuke asked him. He grinned. “Way to go,
partner.”
“I just pretended I was a friend of Naoto-kun,” Yu said, shrugging. “They managed to tell me
a bit without their heads blowing up.”
“That honestly sounds like it would have been a struggle for them,” Chie said. “They were
testier than Yosuke without breakfast.”
“I’m not that mean when I don’t eat,” Yosuke said, crossing his arms.

“Um, yes, you definitely are,” Kanji said.
“Extremely impolite,” Teddie said.
“Right, well, let’s just get to the point.” Yosuke sighed. “What did you learn?”
“Apparently, Naoto-kun’s being treated like a child by the other officers during his
investigation,” Yu said. “And he has an abnormal obsession with trying to solve the case.”
“Well, I don’t really think we can judge on the second part,” Yukiko said.
“None of us tried to get ourselves kidnapped,” Kanji said.
“Well, that’s a fair point,” Yukiko said. She looked down embarrassedly.
“No, no, you had a good point too, Yukiko,” Chie said, coming to her rescue. “We are super
passionate about solving this case. Definitely more passionate than your average high
schooler.”
“Your average high schooler doesn’t wield supernatural powers straight out of a manga,”
Yosuke said.
“Well?” Goro asked Rise. “Was that information enough?”
Rise nodded. “I definitely have a good feel for him,” she said. “Although it feels weird that
Naoto-kun would get so worked up over anything. He’s so cold.”
“I think he’s just quiet,” Yukiko said. “He had a good time with us during the class trip,
right?”
“Yeah, right up until we got drunk off our asses,” Kanji said.
“We didn’t get that drunk,” Yukiko said, blushing.
“Some of us didn’t get that drunk,” Yosuke said. Yu nodded, and Yosuke rolled his eyes. “Yukun, you were among one of the worst of us. And I distinctly heard Goro giggle.”
“Goro laughs in real life!” Teddie protested. “Once, he snorted in amusement to one of my
jokes.”
“We are not talking about this,” Goro snapped.
“Nope, nope, you deserve some hazing,” Yosuke said. “For all the heart attacks you gave me
yesterday.”
“Some light bullying,” Yu agreed, grinning. “No hard feelings.”
At least Yosuke was losing some of the real resentment in his tone. Goro could suffer through
some teasing about his apparent inability to laugh.

“As entertaining as making fun of Goro is, I found Naoto-kun,” Rise said. “Shouldn’t we
save him as soon as possible?”
“Isn’t it getting kind of late?” Yukiko asked. “Maybe we should save it for tomorrow.”
“Are you kidding?” Kanji asked. “Can’t we at least scope the place?”
“I’m all for saving Naoto-kun as soon as possible, but Yukiko’s right,” Chie said. “The sun
was already getting ready to set on us when we came in. And you know how easily we lose
track of time in here.”
“Fair enough,” Yu said. “Let’s call it a night, then. Good work today, guys.”

Yu could always count on Adachi to tell him the things Dojima didn’t want him to hear.
Maybe that made Adachi an extremely irresponsible person, but it made Yu’s investigation all
the easier.
Dojima arrived at home somewhat on time that day. He continued to just read his newspaper
at the kitchen table while Nanako watched television, much to Yu’s frustration.
Dojima was trying. Yu sometimes thought he didn’t try quite hard enough.
It didn’t help that Yu was still trying not to think about that stupid tracker from the day
before. Obviously, it wasn’t Goro’s fault that he was trying to take preemptive measures to
catch the killer. The entire plan was actually pretty clever. And Yu was beyond glad that Goro
had told the group his findings, or else Goro would still be suspecting Yu in silence.
Yu was less glad that Dojima was now a potential suspect. And while he was ninety-percent
certain Adachi said that Dojima was with him the night Kanji was taken, a part of him wasn’t
so sure. That call had been months ago. Was Yu misremembering?
Well, there was an easy enough way to solve the conundrum.
“I’m going to study,” Yu told the house, standing up from the living room sofa.
“Good night, Big Bro!” Nanako said.
“Don’t stay up too late,” Dojima said. “Sleep is just as important for your brain as studying
is.”
“Right,” Yu said. There went his plans for staying up until two in the morning. Not that
Dojima could stop him.
Safely in his bedroom, Yu pulled out his phone and called Adachi’s number. The only reason
he even had the number was because Dojima wanted Yu to have an emergency contact in
case anything terrible happened. It was almost funny that, so far, Yu had only used it to call
Adachi about alibis.

“Oh, Narukami-kun,” Adachi said upon picking up the phone. “What’s up?”
“Do you remember a few months ago, when I asked about your alibi when Kanji was taken?”
Yu asked. There was no way to say it without sounding extremely suspicious. But it would
probably fly right over Adachi’s head. Hopefully.
“Um… I think so,” Adachi said. “I told you I was at the office, right? What, do you suspect
me again?”
“No, no, of course not,” Yu said. “You were with us when Rise-chan was kidnapped, that
would be ridiculous.”
Unless Adachi and Dojima were accomplices. Yu still found that option extremely unlikely.
Even Goro had sounded like he was randomly guessing when he suggested it.
Adachi sighed exaggeratedly. “Phew. That’s a relief. What’s this about, then?”
“You did say that Dojima-san was with you that evening, right?” Yu asked.
“Did I?” Adachi said. “I mean, I think he was.”
Yu’s heart dropped. “You think?”
“Hey! It was a while ago, alright? Dojima was definitely with me for most of the day, but,
come to think of it, I think there was one point he left and came back sometime before
Tatsumi called about her son’s disappearance.”
“But, I thought you said that I could ask Dojima-san about your alibi,” Yu said. He had asked
Dojima about the alibi. “That alibi is useless if Dojima wasn’t there for some of the time.”
“No, no, I definitely told you that you could ask the other officers about my alibi,” Adachi
said. “It’s not like we have our own private office. I mean, they might not remember that day
anymore, but at the time, they would have.”
“I thought for sure that you said…” Yu’s mouth felt dry. “Do you remember how long he was
gone?”
“Not long enough for me to care that much,” Adachi said. “He’s always running in and out to
make sure people are alright, you know how he is. And don’t sweat about misremembering.
It happens all the time to me.”
“Yeah, I’m sure it does,” Yu said. Maybe Adachi was misremembering his own alibi.
But no. What sort of person didn’t remember their own alibi? Even Adachi wasn’t that
incompetent. No. Yu must have misremembered, or misunderstood what Adachi meant. The
phone call was months ago.
Well, that was just fantastic.
“Well, thanks for the clarification, Adachi-san,” Yu said. “I’ll talk to you later.”

“Heh, anytime.”

Chapter End Notes

y'all i forgot the social link update last week i am hopeless. There are literally reminders
next to the relevant chapters and my brain is like "hmmm nope lets forget actually"
Fool (0) - Kurusu Tsuyoshi (?) - Rank 8
Jester (0)- Tohru Adachi - Rank: 6
Magician (I)- Hanamura Yosuke - Rank 5
Priestess (II) - Kurusu Akira - Rank 4
Empress (III) - Kirijo Mitsuru - RANK MAX
Emperor (IV) - Tatsumi Kanji - Rank 6
Hierophant (V) - Tatsumi Azumi - Rank 4
Lovers (VI) - Mochizuki Ryoji - RANK MAX
Chariot (VII) - Dojima Ryotaro - Rank 6
Justice (VIII) - Amada Ken - RANK MAX
Hermit (IX) - Sakaki Takaya - RANK MAX
Fortune (X) - Shirogane Naoto - Rank 3
Strength (XI) - Yamamoto Emiko - RANK MAX
Hanged Man (XII) - Kirijo Takeharu - Rank 6
Death (XIII) - Arisato Minato - RANK MAX
Temperance (XIV) - Iori Junpei - RANK MAX
Devil (XV) - Ikutsuki Shuji - Rank MAX
Tower (XVI) - Shido Masayoshi - Rank 5
Star (XVII) - Narukami Yu - Rank 5
Moon (XVIII) - Aragaki Shinjiro - RANK MAX
Sun (XIX) - Dojima Nanako - Rank: 4
Aeon (XX) - Teddie - Rank 4
Judgement (XX) - Velvet Room Attendants - Rank 6
I'm so proud of Naoto. Finally broke free of the rank 1 curse.
Also! More lovely art! Please go give it love.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 65: September 17–18, 2011
Chapter Summary

The cat would like to follow Yosuke and Junpei's legacy and try to become the main
character
obviously, he succeeds, because he is amazing

Chapter Notes

tw: child abuse/neglect, manipulation, ptsd

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Akira changed his mind. Monster Cat was a valid name for a cat. Especially this cat.
Akira’s parents were in the living room, trying to enjoy a relaxing evening. They weren’t
even working from home. They were just watching television. Akira was not about to ruin
that for them.
Which would be all well and good, but Monster Cat would not stop meowing at him like his
life depended on it.
“Shut up, will you?” Akira hissed at him. “I can’t give you pets all day. You have to stay
hidden under the bed.”
Monster Cat did not want to stay under the bed. Monster Cat had been growing more and
more restless as Akira’s parents found more and more time to stay at home. One night under
the bed was fine. Monster Cat was much less fond of five nights in a row of hiding.
Monster Cat expressed this by meowing loudly and scratching at Akira’s desk chair. Akira
thought he might cry.
“I’m sure they won’t be home tomorrow,” Akira whispered. He pushed Monster Cat
underneath his bed more forcefully. “Just try to hold out a little longer.”
Monster Cat’s meow was so pitiful that it made Akira cringe. It also made the sounds of the
television stop from the other room. Akira froze.
“Akira-kun, what’s all that noise?” Akira’s father demanded.

“It’s, um, just me reciting my English!” Akira said. “I have to recite, um, Wordsworth for
English class!”
“Oh, well, try to do it a little more quietly,” Akira’s mother said. “You know we don’t get a
lot of opportunities to relax.”
“I know. I’m sorry,” Akira said. “I’ll be quieter.”
“Thank you very much, sweetheart.”
The TV noises resumed. Akira continued to try to wrangle Monster Cat back into hiding.
“Would you like a cat burrito?” Akira asked as quietly as possible. He grabbed a blanket off
his bed and attempted to wrap it tightly around Monster Cat. “You like cat burritos, don’t
you?”
Monster Cat usually liked cat burritos. That night, Monster Cat liked freedom more. He
hissed loudly and swatted at Akira’s arm. His claws only lightly scratched him, but the pain
was enough for Akira to yelp anyway.
The TV noises stopped again. Monster Cat took advantage of Akira’s distracted state to
scramble on top of Akira’s desk.
“Are you sure you’re just working on homework in there?” Father asked.
“Yes!” Akira said, trying to keep the panic out of his voice. He jumped to his feet as Monster
Cat began to strut up to the glass of water he had sitting on his desk. “Just Wordsworth!”
“Maybe you should leave the poetry for later and work on something more practical,” Father
said. “Don’t you have math homework to do?”
Akira had finished all his math homework. He had finished all his homework two hours ago.
“Yeah, I do…”
Monster Cat raised his paw, staring between Akira and the glass contemplatively. Akira ran
across the room.
“What was that?” Mother asked. “You were mumbling–”
Right before Akira could stop him, Monster Cat pushed the glass off the edge of the desk. It
shattered against the wood floor. Water spread everywhere.
Akira immediately picked the blanket up and pressed it against the water. Monster Cat did a
victory lap around the room.
“That does it,” Father snapped. His heavy footfalls marched toward the room, and Akira left
the water and grabbed Monster Cat. He needed to hide–

The door opened violently. Akira froze with the cat still in his arms. His father stared at him
with wide eyes.
Monster Cat meowed.
“What…” Akira’s father inhaled deeply. “Akira-kun. What the hell am I looking at right
now?”
“He’s a cat,” Akira said. “His name is–”
“Does it look like I care about its name?” Father’s voice was deathly quiet. Akira winced.
“What is it doing here?”
“He was alone,” Akira said. “And I didn’t want him to die in the wild, you know, so I gave
him shelter, and it was raining, so, of course, it was kind of a given…”
Akira trailed off. His father still looked furious.
“Do you mean to tell me that you’ve been letting an animal get its nastiness all over our
home?”
“He does his business in the backyard,” Akira said quickly. “He’s very good about that. And I
always clean up after him. He’s very well behaved.” He glanced at the mess on the floor.
“Usually.”
“It’s an animal,” Father said. “We have very clear rules about this.”
“Well, you’re not home often, so I thought you wouldn’t mind.”
“So you thought you were above asking permission? You thought that just because we were
busy feeding you, and sheltering you, and making sure you didn’t waste the opportunities in
front of you, that you could begin making the rules?”
Akira’s chest hurt. He reflexively hugged Monster Cat closer to him. “No, that’s not what I
was saying at all.”
“No, I think that was exactly what you were saying,” Akira’s father said. “Are you not
satisfied with what we give you?”
“I am. I am,” Akira said. The thought of being ungrateful was too terrible to even bear. “I’m
sorry for arguing. I’m sorry.”
“If you’re sorry, you’ll throw away that mangy creature right now.”
Akira’s stomach dropped. “What?”
“There are no animals allowed in this house,” his father said. “You have to get rid of it.”
“Can’t I hold onto him for one more day?” Akira asked. “I have a friend. He can take care of
him for me. Or I can take him to a shelter. Please.”

“Are you arguing with me?”
“No, I just don’t want him to get hurt.”
Akira’s father set his jaw. “Fine. You want to protect that thing so badly? Then you can go
with it.”
Akira’s father grabbed Akira tightly by the wrist and led him out of his bedroom. Akira’s
mother looked at Akira disapprovingly. Akira looked away in shame. He ruined a perfectly
good night.
“He’s going to lose the chance to study,” his mother said.
“Tomorrow’s Sunday. He’ll have plenty of time to make up for it,” his father said. He opened
the front door and shoved Akira outside. Akira didn’t resist as his father locked the door
behind him.
And then Akira was alone. Monster Cat was still in his arms, but he didn’t really make much
for human company.
In the past, Akira would have tried to sleep over at a neighbor’s house. Once, though, one of
the more sensitive neighbors called the child abuse hotline. His parents managed to convince
the social worker that nothing horrible was going on, but it taught Akira a valuable lesson in
what happened when he burdened others.
It was September. The weather wouldn’t be too bad.
Akira’s stomach growled. His parents hadn’t gotten around to serving dinner yet. They liked
to eat it later in the evening.
Akira would just have to go without. His father would let him in for breakfast in the morning.
Besides, his parents wouldn’t have much time for dinner either when they were busy cleaning
up the glass in his bedroom.
Monster Cat meowed at him. He looked clueless as to what just transpired.
All of a sudden, Akira’s throat burned, and he screwed up his face in an attempt not to cry.
“I’m sorry,” Akira said, his voice cracking. “I don’t think you have a home anymore.”
Monster Cat nuzzled his hand. Akira buried his face into his fur. Monster Cat didn’t feel like
a mangy creature. He felt like a perfectly soft cat who smelled like sunshine incarnate.
“This is all your fault,” Akira whispered into the cat’s fur. “Or maybe it was mine. Maybe I
shouldn’t have rescued you to begin with.”
Monster Cat meowed. Akira exhaled and sat up. “I didn’t mean that.”
It wasn’t Monster Cat’s fault. And Akira didn’t regret rescuing him. He regretted lying to
Goro.

In the darkness of the night, headlights came out of nowhere and stung Akira’s eyes. A
familiar-looking car rolled in front of the building, and Tsuyoshi-san stepped out. Relief hit
Akira so violently that he thought he might throw up.
“Hey kiddo,” Tsuyoshi said, walking up to him. “I thought I would come for a surprise visit.
Why are you out here?”
“I… I like the fresh air,” Akira said. Tsuyoshi had left for the States in part because of a bad
fight he had with Akira’s father. Akira knew his name had come up more than once in it.
“Your cat seems to like it too,” Tsuyoshi said. Monster Cat slipped out of Akira’s arms and
began to circle Tsuyoshi cautiously. “Oh, but he might not like me very much.”
“He’s just being silly,” Akira said. He scooped Monster Cat back into his arms. “Uncle is no
one to be afraid of.”
“I hope not,” Tsuyoshi said, smiling. “You don’t look very comfortable out here.”
“I’m fine.”
Tsuyoshi nodded, but he was frowning. “Tell you what. I’ll pop in and get permission from
the parents, and then you and I can go out to eat somewhere.”
“You don’t have to talk to them,” Akria said quickly. “They won’t… they won’t care if I go
with you.”
“Oh, well, in that case,” Tsuyoshi said. “Let’s go, shall we?”

Sunday morning, a loud knock came from the other side of his door. Goro shot out of his
futon immediately.
“Goro-kun?” Tatsumi asked. “Are you in there?”
“Yes, I’m coming,” Goro said. He opened the door for Tatsumi. “I didn’t sleep in, did I?”
“No, you’re fine,” Tatsumi said. “You’re free to sleep in as much as you like on the weekend,
but you have a guest.”
“A guest?” Who could possibly have come to see him at this hour?
Goro followed Tatsumi to the front of the shop. Akira stood by the door, looking exhausted.
“Oh, Akira-kun,” Goro said. He jogged up to Akira. “What’s wrong?”
From up close, it was obvious Akira had gotten little to no sleep that night. His eyes looked
punched in, and he looked to be on the verge of falling asleep where he stood.
“I had a favor to ask you,” Akira said. “Maybe.”

“Okay?”
Akira glanced at Tatsumi, who was settling back into her usual sitting position. “Maybe we
should take it outside.”
“Whatever you want.”
Monster Cat was sitting lazily on the sidewalk outside the textile shop. He swatted at a
butterfly, which kept flying just out of his reach.
Akira sat down next to Monster Cat. Goro sat down next to him.
“What’s going on?” Goro asked.
“I lied to you,” Akira said. “I’m sorry.”
“You lied to me?” Goro asked, confused. “What are you talking about?”
“Monster Cat didn’t sneak into school with me,” Akira said. “I took him to school in my
backpack so that my parents wouldn’t find him at home.”
“I thought you said your parents were fine with Monster Cat.” The sentence came out more
accusatory than Goro intended.
Akira nodded miserably. “I lied about that too. I didn’t ask them. I knew they wouldn’t
approve.”
“Oh.” Goro glanced between Monster Cat and Akira. As disappointed as Goro was, he
couldn’t say he wasn’t expecting something like this. “I take it you got caught?”
Akira snorted with a grimace. “Yeah.” Monster Cat crawled into Akira’s lap. “They think I’m
at the library right now. They wouldn’t want me spending time with friends… since I’m in
trouble and all.”
The ensuing silence was almost uncomfortable. Akira looked as though there was something
he desperately needed to say but wasn’t sure how to say it. Goro wanted to tell Akira that his
parents still sounded like neglectful assholes. Somehow, he didn’t think Akira would be
receptive to the statement.
“You said you had a favor for me?”
“Right, um. I was wondering… maybe you could take care of him for me?”
“Akira-kun… I don’t know what Tatsumi-san’s policy is around animals,” Goro said. The
idea of even asking made his stomach tighten in dread. “I’m already asking a lot of her.”
Akira’s face fell. He dug his fingers deep into Monster Cat’s fur.
“I don’t have anyone else I can ask,” Akira whispered.

Monster Cat stared up at Goro pitifully. If he could talk, he’d probably be saying that Goro
was sentencing an innocent creature to suffer alone for the rest of its life.
“Alright, alright,” Goro said. “I can figure something out.”
Akira looked up at Goro hopefully. “Really?”
“I can’t make any promises that I’ll be the one taking care of him, but I’m sure I can figure
out somewhere he can live.” Goro cautiously scratched Monster Cat underneath his chin.
“Admittedly, my last resort would be miles away.”
Emiko would be thrilled to have another animal to take care of.
“That’s okay,” Akria said immediately. “As long as he’s taken care of, I can handle that.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yeah,” Akira said. “You’ll try to find a home for him in Inaba, though. Right?”
“I can certainly try.”
“Thank you,” Akira said. He exhaled shakily. “Thank you so much.”
“That’s what friends are for, isn’t it?”
“Yeah,” Akira said. He smiled. “Yeah. I guess you’re right.”
Priestess Arcana: Rank 5

Akira didn’t want to be caught lying to his parents so soon after being caught with a cat. He
said goodbye to Goro and presumably headed back home. Goro ran into his bedroom, located
his phone, and called Yu.
“How do you feel about cat sitting?” Goro asked, swiftly returning outside to ensure Monster
Cat didn’t wander off in his absence.
“Um, that depends,” Yu said.
“I have a cat that I need you to take care of for hopefully only a day,” Goro said. Monster Cat
fortunately was still busy swatting the butterfly. “Do you think Dojima-san’s allergies are
severe enough for it to be a bad idea?”
“I hope not,” Yu said. “He’s hardly around enough as it is. Hold on, let me ask Nanako.”
Half a minute later, Yu returned to the line. “Nanako says that it should be fine, but please
bear in mind that this is a very biased account of a seven-year-old who would really like to
play with a cat all day.”
“What time does Dojima-san usually come home?” Goro asked.

“Maybe eight thirty on average,” Yu said. “Sometimes later. He’ll be busy with Naoto’s
disappearance, so I’m guessing later.”
“With any luck, I could come back for the cat before that point,” Goro said.
“Okay, then it’ll probably be fine,” Yu said. “But speaking of Naoto-kun, are you up to going
to the TV world again today? I want to rescue him as soon as possible.”
“Will Nanako be alright alone with the cat?” Goro asked.
“You could always bring him to the TV world with us,” Yu said. “Do foxes eat cats?”
“I don’t think the fox trying to extort us is in any danger of eating the cat,” Goro said. “I am
worried that this thing is going to try to wander into the fog and never be heard from again.”
“That’s a fair point,” Yu said. “I’m sure Nanako’s capable of taking care of a cat for a few
hours. It would really make her day too.”
“Great,” Goro said. “I’ll be at your house in a few.”
When Goro arrived at Yu’s house, he noted that Yu looked almost as tired as Akira did. Was
there something in the air last night that prevented people from sleeping enough?
“What’s wrong?” Goro asked, still holding tightly to Monster Cat.
“It’s nothing,” Yu said. “Well, actually, I did receive some unfortunate news, but it’s nothing
worth talking about here.”
Yu glanced at Nanako, who was running to the front door. Goro understood his meaning and
nodded.
“Hello!” Nanako said. Her eyes widened when she saw Monster Cat. “I’m taking care of
Yu?”
Yu frowned. “Me?” A wide grin of understanding spread across his face. “You named the cat
after me?”
“We haven’t… actually named him Yu yet,” Goro said. “But Nanako put it out there as an
option.”
“Oh,” Yu said, looking very distinctly disappointed. “Well, Nanako-chan, you’re only
looking after Yu the cat for a day, alright? Goro should be back to pick him up in the
evening.”
“Okay!” Nanako said. “Is it okay if I play with him outside for most of the day? I called dad,
and he said he didn’t want too much fur in the house.”
“That’s perfectly alright,’ Goro said. “The important thing is that he doesn’t get hurt or lost.”
“Okay!” Nanako said.

“We won’t be mad if he does get lost, though,” Yu said. “Just call us, and we’ll help find
him.”
Nanako nodded, but she didn’t look worried. “He won’t get lost,” Nanako said. “I’m very
good with cats. My friend has one, and I think I’m her favorite human ever.”
“I think you’re a lot of people’s favorite human ever,” Yu said.
“I’m not talking about people,” Nanako said, looking embarrassed. She looked away from Yu
and back at Goro. “Can I please take him now?”
Goro handed Monster Cat to Nanako. Monster Cat looked none to pleased over yet another
change in temporary ownership. His pupils went so large that Goro was afraid his eyes would
become only black slits. Fortunately, Monster Cat didn’t struggle against Nanako’s careful
petting.
“Thank you very much, Akechi-san,” Nanako said. “I’ll take good care of him for you and
Kurusu-san.”
“We’ll be very grateful,” Goro said. He glanced at Yu as Nanko started to walk to her
backyard. “What time do you want to meet today?”
“Let’s say an hour,” Yu said. “That’s the amount of time it usually takes to wrangle all the
others.”

As per Yu’s request, everyone met in the TV world. Before they went to Naoto’s dungeon, Yu
told them the sobering news that had clearly kept him awake all night.
“Dojima-san might not have an alibi after all,” he said.
“What do you mean?” Yosuke asked. “I thought Adachi said Dojima was with him the day
Kanji was kidnapped?”
“I called Adachi last night,” Yu said. “He said that Dojima was with him for most of the day,
but he went out of the office too. It was just other people in the office he said could confirm
his alibi.”
“Yeah, and it’s not likely they’re going to remember if we ask them about Dojima now, huh?”
Yosuke asked. “Shit.”
“I did ask them,” Yu said. “I went to the station at an ungodly hour at night and spoke to
some of them. They didn’t remember that specific day either, but they did say that Dojima
does step in and out of the office a lot to help around town.”
“Weird that Adachi of all people remembers,” Kanji said.
“I mean, it makes sense,” Yu said. “We grilled him about where he was that day, and being
accused of murder sticks with you.”

Yosuke shot Goro a dirty look. Goro looked away uncomfortably.
“This rules out the accomplice theory,” Goro said. “If Adachi and Dojima were working
together, Adachi would have no reason to reveal that Dojima wasn’t in the office for the
entirety of that day.”
“Maybe you should just talk to him about it?” Chie asked. “Maybe Dojima-san has a
different alibi.”
“If I start asking him where he was on the day someone was taken or killed, he would freak
out,” Yu said. “You know he doesn’t like us snooping into that stuff.”
“Yeah, I can’t see that going very well,” Yosuke said.
“But Dojima-san can’t really be the killer, can he?” Yukiko asked.
“I didn’t actually go out that much the day Naoto-kun was taken,” Yu said. “I hung out with
Kanji and then went home. And I think its safe to assume that the tracker was intentionally
planted on me, since we haven’t been as subtle as we could be about saving the victims.”
“And we all know Kanji isn’t the culprit,” Rise said.
Yu hesitated. “And I did… see Dojima pick up my coat that night. I’d left it on a chair in the
living area, and he said he was looking for his phone. At the time, I didn’t think anything of
it.”
“You couldn’t have mentioned that earlier?” Yosuke asked.
Yu didn’t say anything, glaring at his shoes.
“What are you going to do, then?” Goro asked, crossing his arms. “He’s a detective. It’s
going to be all the more difficult to prove his guilt.”
“We don’t know that he’s guilty,” Yu said defensively. “It could all still be a coincidence.”
“Yeah!” Teddie said. “Maybe someone broke into Yu’s house while he was sleeping!”
Goro took a deep breath. “I know I was too quick to accuse you earlier, Yu, but we haven’t
found any evidence proving that Dojima is innocent.”
“I still find it kind of hard to believe,” Rise said. “And we don’t have a motive for Dojimasan. I think we should just keep an eye on the situation for now.”
“And what if it turns out that Dojima is the culprit, and we waited and did nothing?” Goro
asked.
“We’re not doing nothing,” Yu said. “We’re just being cautious.”
“Yeah, if we get too overconfident, the killer might catch us off guard,” Kanji said.

Yosuke’s cold look was surprisingly effective in deterring Goro from arguing any further. In
the past, Goro would have never been this guilty over incorrectly accusing someone of
murder.
“Fine,” Goro said. “If the rest of you want to wait, that’s fine. But I’m going to keep an eye
on him if nobody else will.”
“Maybe we should keep track of his movements,” Chie said. “Do you have another one of
those trackers, Goro-kun? Then, if he goes to someone’s house on the same day they get
kidnapped, we’d know it was him!”
“That’s not invasive,” Yosuke said sarcastically. “Isn’t that sort of thing illegal?”
Chie crossed her arms. “Well, Goro’s right. We can’t do nothing. How is this any different
from that time we followed Kanji around all day?”
“When you what?” Kanji asked.
“That was different,” Yukiko said, looking uncomfortable. “We were trying to save his life.”
“And now we’re trying to make sure that Dojima-san isn’t a ruthless killer,” Chie said.
“That’s basically the same thing.”
“I agree with Chie-chan,” Teddie said. “Sometimes you have to do whatever it takes to save
the world.”
“You’re just quoting the movie we watched last night,” Yosuke said.
“Maybe we should save this for later,” Rise said. “We do want to start rescuing Naoto-kun
today, right?”
“Oh, um, right,” Kanji said. “Rise’s right. Let’s wait until Naoto tells us his side of the story.”
Yu looked distinctly relieved. “Good point. Let’s go.”
Naoto’s dungeon looked like a hideout straight out of a TV show. Rusty metal doors were
half-opened, and a satellite sat on the entrance's roof.
“It’s all sci fi,” Yosuke said. “Hey, doesn’t it remind you of those secret hideouts in those live
action shows?”
“Oh yeah,” Kanji said. “I used to watch Featherman all the time when I was a kid.”
“It’s still pretty good,” Yu said. “I’ve watched a few with Nanako. I think the new generation
is taking itself more seriously than the last.”
“Really?” Yosuke asked. “I always thought the older episodes took themselves pretty
seriously too. But I guess you did get stupid episodes where villains team up and help the
heroes.”

“Oh, I think I know which one you’re talking about,” Kanji said. “With the brothers?”
“I can’t remember,” Yosuke said. “It came out years ago. I only know about it because it was
the only good thing that was on at the time.”
“And you only watched this stuff when you were kids, huh?” Chie asked.
“Oh, shut up!” Yosuke said, blushing.
“You shouldn’t disparage that stuff, even if it’s targeted toward kids,” Rise said. “I hear those
shows have some really tough shots. A lot of the actors even do the stunts themselves.”
“Oh, it’s like in those kung fu movies I watch,” Chie said.
“Except that they’re jumping through rings of fire and fighting in outer space sometimes,”
Yosuke said.
“Um, the actors aren’t literally in outer space,” Yukiko said.
Yosuke’s face went red, and he sputtered. “I know that!”
“I want to go to outer space,” Teddie said.
“As fascinating as this conversation is, might I suggest we start exploring the dungeon?”
Goro asked. “I was hoping we’d start before the sun went down.”
They did start exploring the dungeon. Kanji, Yosuke, Yu, and Chie continued to talk about
their favorite TV shows.
Goro occasionally gave opinions. Occasionally. He hadn’t watched Featherman in years. He
only knew about certain episodes from Ken’s endless ramblings.
At least Yosuke had good opinions. Feather Hawk should be everyone’s favorite character.
Yu insisted that he always liked Feather Owl as a kid, even though he was just a blundering
fool in his earlier episodes with no character development to speak of.
Yu said he got better. Goro would believe it when he saw it.

They left the TV world about half-way through the afternoon. Good. Goro had plans for the
evening.
Before leaving Junes, Goro called Tatsumi. “Tatsumi-san?”
“Yes?”
“You’ve been working so hard for us,” Goro said. “Kanji and I wanted to help you by making
dinner tonight.”

Kanji, still standing in the general vicinity, shot Goro an alarmed look. Goro stared back at
him unapologetically.
“Oh, that’s very sweet of you, but it’s unnecessary,” Tatsumi said.
“Kanji really wants to,” Goro said. He knew from past experience that saying Goro owed her
didn’t work at all. “He feels bad for all the times he’s made life more difficult for you.”
“Well, that’s true,” Kanji muttered. “But I don’t know the first thing about cooking.”
“Oh, well, if he really wants to, I suppose I don’t mind taking the day off from the kitchen,”
Tatsumi said. “It’ll be nice to know that Kanji-kun can feed himself when I’m no longer
around, but I hope he knows that he isn’t obligated to do this for me in any way.”
“I’m sure he does,” Goro said. “Thank you very much, Tatsumi-san.”
As Goro put his phone back into his pocket, Kanji said, “What the hell was that about?”
“I’m sorry for dragging you into this,” Goro said. “I needed to do something nice for her, and
I knew she wasn’t going to let me if I didn’t involve you in the equation.”
“Okay, sure, but why are you so insistent on doing this for her anyway?” Kanji asked.
“It’s a long story.” It wasn’t actually that long. Goro was just too embarrassed to explain.
“What’s Tatsumi-san’s favorite meal?”
“Oh, um, she really likes takikomi gohan,” Kanji said. “Do you know how to make that?”
“I’m pretty sure I do,” Goro said, already pulling up Shinjiro’s number. The meal was a
favorite of Yukari’s, but it was better safe than sorry.
Shinjiro wasn’t very informative. “Can you stop calling me every time you want to cook
something?” Shinjiro asked. “I’m starting to get worried you’re going to call me over frozen
ramen.”
“I knew how to make frozen ramen by the time I was six,” Goro said. “And I don’t want to
screw this up.”
“Oh, are you cooking for someone again?” Shinjiro asked. “You know there are recipes on
the internet if you don’t think you remember how to make things.”
“I’m sure you do better than the internet.”
“Maybe I’ll start a blog just for you,” Shinjiro said. “I’ll call it the Goro Can’t Remember
Recipes blog.”
“Maybe you should,” Goro said. “If you won’t help me, I’m sure I can figure it out on my
own.”

“Alright, how about this? You recite the recipe to me, and I’ll tell you if you’ve forgotten
something critical,” Shinjiro said.
Goro sighed. “Fine.”
It turned out that Goro knew the recipe perfectly. Shinjiro sounded both proud and
exasperated at this discovery.
“If you want to talk to me that badly, please remember you don’t need a motive,” he said.
“Just call and say, ‘hey Shinji, I'm bored out of my mind.’ That might be easier.”
“That’s how I’m going to start all of my phone calls from now on,” Goro said.
“Please. That would be hilarious.”

Despite Kanji’s concerns, Goro still managed to get him to help with the dinner. The last
thing Goro needed was for Tatsumi to think that he was a liar, even if he technically was. To
Kanji’s credit, he was certainly more of a help than a hindrance. He knew his way around the
ingredients, which was more than Chie or Yukiko could say.
When the food was almost ready, Tatsumi-san entered the kitchen. “My, something smells
delicious,” she said. “Maybe I’ll get you boys to cook every evening.”
“I would be more than happy to do that,” Goro said.
“No, no, that’s not necessary,” Tatsumi said. “I was only joking.”
Goro glanced at the clock. It was only seven o’clock, so they would definitely be done eating
before eight thirty.
Kanji had already set the table and poured drinks, so it took mere minutes to sit down and
begin eating. The conversation wasn’t particularly animated. Kanji was clearly still worried
about Naoto, and Goro was growing more and more anxious over his upcoming conversation.
“Well, that was delicious,” Kanji said when he was done. “It feels kind of good to eat
something you made yourself.”
“Imagine how I feel every day,” Tatsumi said.
“Really tired,” Kanji said. “It was hard work.”
Tatsumi laughed. Kanji looked slightly embarrassed.
“Anyway, I’ve got homework to do. See you guys later.”
Kanji left the kitchen. Goro and Tatsumi were alone. Goro hadn’t quite finished his food yet,
so he forced himself to scoop up more vegetables with his chopsticks with a steady hand.

“Alright,” Tatsumi said. “What’s going on?”
“What do you mean?” Goro asked.
“I love Kanji, but he isn’t the type to choose to cook on a Sunday afternoon,” Tatsumi said. “I
imagine you were the real mastermind behind this treat.”
“I owe you so much,” Goro said, bowing his head.
“I don’t think that’s it.”
Sometimes Goro wondered if certain adults could read minds. It was a ludicrous thought, of
course, but this level of perceptiveness was uncanny.
“There is a… another favor I need to ask of you,” Goro said, putting down his chopsticks. “I
hope I’m not overstepping my bounds.”
“Of course not,” Tatsumi said. “What is it?”
“My friend had a pet cat he rescued off of the streets,” Goro said. Come to think of it, maybe
he should have left the part where the cat was a stray out of the story. “He was taking care of
him, but his parents found out. They don’t want an animal in the house, and my friend
doesn’t know who else to ask, so he wanted to know if I would take care of him.”
Tatsumi hummed. Goro pressed his hands on his knees. “Well, I do live in a textile shop. Is
the cat well behaved?”
“I believe so,” Goro said. “Kurusu-kun never complained about scratches on furniture. And I
would take care of him on my own, of course. You wouldn’t even have to pay for any of the
supplies.”
“In that case, I don’t see anything wrong with it,” Tatsumi said.
Goro looked up in surprise. “You don’t?”
“It seems to me that you’re responsible enough to keep the poor creature out of trouble,”
Tatsumi said. “And Kanji’s mentioned wanting an animal before, so I doubt you’ll hear any
complaining from him.”
“I don’t want to burden you any further,” Goro said.
“It’s not a burden,” Tatsumi said. “I’m rather fond of cats myself. And it will be nice to have
company when you and Kanji are out with your friends.”
Goro got to his feet and bowed. “Thank you very much, Tatsumi-san,” he said. “I’ll try not to
betray your trust.”
“I’m sure you won’t,” Tatsumi said. “But you know, in the future, you don’t have to cook me
nice meals before asking for a favor.”

Goro nodded, his mouth dry. “Of course.”
Hierophant Arcana: Rank 5

Chapter End Notes

guys I do not remember september taking this long
fortunately for us, october is the shortest month in existence; or, well, maybe
unfortunately for us come to think of it
More art! This time of Emiko :3
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments (sorry
guest commenters about the temporarily blockage; might be time to put yourselves on
the waiting list to get an account, you're missing out on a lot of great account-only fics!)
<3
I believe this is my seventh greeting to the binge readers. How are you today? Resting, I
hope?

Chapter 66: September 18–October 3, 2011
Chapter Summary

Naoto gets rescued hoorayy!!

Chapter Notes

tw: ptsd, implied/referenced child abuse, implied/referenced discrimination

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Fortunately, it seemed that Goro managed to make it back in time to retrieve Monster Cat
before Dojima came back from work.
“Did he behave?” Goro asked Nanako, who was cradling Monster Cat in her arms.
“Mhm!” Nanako said. “We had a lot of fun today!”
“I’m glad to hear it,” Goro said. He took Monster Cat from Nanako. “I’m sure he’ll be happy
to see you if you stop by to visit.”
“Really?” Nanako asked.
“Really.”
“Wow! Thank you very much, Akechi-san!”
Yu put a hand on Nanako’s shoulder. “Thanks for letting her look after him.”
“You’re joking, right?” Goro asked. “I’m the one who should be thanking you.”
“It was nothing,” Yu said.
Goro returned to Tatsumi Textiles with Monster Cat in tow. Before they entered the house,
Goro raised the creature so that they were staring at each other face to face.
“You better listen to me well,” Goro said. “This is your second chance at having a home.
You’d better not screw it up by scratching Tatsumi-san’s fabrics, or it will be both our heads
on the line.”
Monster Cat meowed.

Goro slipped inside and placed Monster Cat down on the floor. Monster Cat immediately
stalked up to Goro’s futon and curled up on it.
“That’s not your bed,” Goro said without much vindication. He pulled out his phone and
called Emiko.
“What’s up, Goro-kun?” Emiko asked. “You don’t usually call at this hour.”
“I seem to be taking care of the cat,” Goro said.
“The cat? Oh! You mean Goro Junior!”
“No, I mean Monster Cat,” Goro snapped. Monster Cat’s head perked up. “Or whatever we
end up naming it. Anyway, what supplies do I need?”
“Um, let’s start with the basics,” Emiko said. “Do you have food?”
“I was going to get on that,” Goro said.
“Oh, and do you have Taiyaki safely out of reach?” Emiko said. “He’s in a tank, so that
shouldn’t be an issue, but there’s no need to tempt the devil.”
Goro hadn’t even thought of poor Taiyaki. Monster Cat was clearly exhausted, but he was
eyeing Taiyaki’s tank lazily.
“Give me a minute.” Goro put Emiko on speakerphone and placed the phone on the desk.
Goro heaved Taiyaki’s tank onto his dresser, which should theoretically be too high for
Monster Cat to get to. It was bizarre to have the fishtank no longer on the desk where it had
lived for so long, but Taiyaki’s safety was more important than Goro’s sense of normalcy.
“Done,” Goro said.
“Good,” Emiko said. “You’ll probably want to cover it overnight so that the light from the
tank doesn’t tempt the cat further.”
Emiko continued to give Goro a list of supplies Goro would need, as well as tips to keep
Monster Cat and Taiyaki happy and healthy. It was already late at night. Most shops were
closed, but Goro didn’t want to experiment and see what would happen if he had Monster Cat
stay the night without a litter box either.
“Kanji-kun?” Goro asked, knocking on his bedroom door. “Are you still awake?”
“Of course,” Kanji said. He opened the door, but his expression was more tired than his
voice. “What’s up?”
“I need to get last minute supplies for this cat,” Goro said. “I was so focused on dinner I
forgot that I would need things when the cat actually got here.”
Kanji frowned. “Cat? What cat?”

Goro quickly summarized his true motive for making dinner for Tatsumi-san, as well as his
situation with Monster Cat.
“I knew something was up,” Kanji said. “Sure, I can go out for some last-minute shopping.
Safety in numbers, right?”
They bought the supplies and delivered them to Goro’s room. Monster Cat was already
sleeping on Goro’s futon by the time they got back, and Goro realized with a small amount of
resignation that he was sharing his bed with a cat now.
At least this cat couldn’t tell him what to do.

The following day was Respect for the Aged Day, but Akira was still grounded over hiding
Monster Cat for so long. Akira said he didn’t want to press his luck by sneaking out again.
Goro couldn’t exactly blame him.
School was back in session on Tuesday, and Goro stepped outside to see Akira waiting
outside Tatsumi Textiles.
“Is he here?” Akira asked.
“You couldn’t have waited until the afternoon?” Goro asked.
“I was going to, but I missed him a lot,” Akira admitted. “Is he in your bag?”
“I’m not going to sneak him to school,” Goro said. “Not only is that almost certainly against
the rules, but completely unnecessary. Tatsumi-san agreed to look after him while I’m away.”
“Really?” Akira asked. “But you were so worried about how she’d react.”
“I guess I was a little too worried,” Goro said tersely. “How are things at home?”
“They’re fine.” Akira shrugged. “My parents got over the cat thing as soon as it was gone,
and I served my time studying. They’re pretty quick to forgive.”
“Well, that’s something, at least,” Goro said. He couldn’t be certain Akira was telling the
truth, but nothing in his face indicated he was hiding something.
“So…” Akira rocked back and forth on his toes once. “Can I see the cat?”
“Don’t you have school?”
“Just a peek?”
Goro reluctantly let Akira inside. Monster Cat sat on the living room sofa, but he ran over to
them at the sound of Akira’s voice.
“He wants your pets,” Goro said. “Don’t surrender.”

“I’ll surrender as much as I want,” Akira said, crouching down and petting Monster Cat
enthusiastically.
“A peek” ended up being twenty minutes. If Goro and Akira weren’t both ridiculously
punctual people, they would have been running late for school. As it was, they only arrived at
their respective classes on time, as opposed to at least fifteen minutes early.

They didn’t reach Naoto’s shadow until that Friday. When they entered the final floor, Naoto
and his shadow stood in a room that looked to be the least safe surgical facility to ever be
invented. A round chainsaw blade hovered over the surgical table.
“Naoto!” Kanji exclaimed.
Naoto turned to them with an exhausted expression on his face. “Ah, it’s about time you
arrived. Dealing with this child has been quite a pain.”
Naoto’s shadow was not thrilled at all. He looked to be on the verge of tears. “No, no, don’t
go!”
“I need to go back now,” Naoto said. “Besides, it’s obvious that it’s useless speaking to you.”
Goro couldn’t believe that Naoto was handling his shadow better than Goro had.
“Why? Why are you leaving me here?” Naoto’s shadow was crying. “Why am I always left
alone? I don’t want to be alone!”
“Naoto-kun…” Yukiko said.
Naoto turned to Goro. “Did your plan work, by any chance? Have you determined the true
culprit?”
Yosuke crossed his arms. “We were actually hoping to ask you that–”
“You think you can ignore me, but you only delude yourself,” Naoto’s shadow said. His voice
took on a much less immature cadence. “I am you.”
Naoto’s shadow proceeded to explain how Naoto was treated on the force. Goro wasn’t
particularly surprised to hear that the adults looked down on Naoto for being a child. Nor was
he at all alarmed that Naoto might want to center his identity around pleasing them. After all,
hadn’t Goro done the same?
“Enough of this,” Naoto said, still keeping his stony exterior. “I can find my own reason for
living.”
“I’m telling you, that is impossible,” Naoto’s shadow said. “You are but a child. How can you
change this essential truth?”

Naoto expression cracked. Goro was surprised he had managed to hold up this long. “S-stop
it,” Naoto said.
“At your core, you admire the ‘strong’ and ‘cool’ men who populate detective fiction, but in
spite of your desire to emulate them, you must know you are nothing of the sort. Admit you
are a child and that there is nothing you can do about it, and we can finally proceed with the
body alteration process.”
“Um, I don’t think that’s very safe!” Chie said. “Are you sure that thing won’t cut you in
half?”
“Just stop it!” Naoto snapped, beginning to look panicked.
“‘Naoto’s such a cool, manly name! But a name doesn’t change the truth. It doesn’t let you
cross the barrier between sexes. How could you become an ideal man when you were never
male to begin with?”
Goro was frankly surprised it took this long to reveal what Goro assumed to be Naoto’s most
closely guarded secret.
Yosuke’s reaction was almost comical. “Wait, what… did he? Did I hear that right?”
“H-he’s not a guy?” Kanji asked. He gasped and pointed at Goro. “You knew!”
“Of course, I knew,” Goro said.
“Why didn’t you tell us?!” Yosuke’s voice was high pitched.
“I didn’t think it was any of my business.”
“How did you–” Naoto sucked in a breath. “No. I will not throw a tantrum. That
accomplishes nothing.”
“And now you’re mimicking the very same men who have put you down time and time
again,” Naoto’s shadow said. “‘Throwing a tantrum accomplishes nothing, Naoto-kun.’ They
made you cry, didn’t they?”
“Stop it,” Naoto snapped. “Just shut up!”
“Shouldn’t we stop him?” Yukiko asked.
Kanji shook his head. “Nah, just let Naoto spill the whole thing. Otherwise, he’s going to
keep hurting. We’ll do our job and kick the shadow’s ass, right?”
The shadow didn’t like that at all.
The battle itself wasn’t difficult. Naoto’s shadow wasn’t as strong as Kubo’s, and it only took
a few well-placed almighty skills from Goro and Yu to bring it down.

When Naoto woke up, he explained everything. His parents died when he was young, leaving
him to be raised by his grandfather. Despite that, he wanted to be a detective, so his
grandfather allowed him to work cases by his side.
“What was that you said about ‘You’re only a child?’” Yukiko asked.
Naoto sighed and glanced away. “Not everyone welcomes my collaboration when it comes to
solving cases...My status as a ‘child’ was sufficient to offend many of those whom I worked
with. Were that the only issue, then it would have resolved itself with time...But though I will
one day change from a child to an adult, I will never change from a woman to a man…”
“Your sex doesn’t have to dictate who you are, Naoto-kun,” Goro said. “I’ve met people who
live out their gender regardless of how they were originally born.”
“Y-yeah,” Kanji said.
“You’re very kind, Akechi-kun, but I don’t think that’s truly the problem,” Naoto said. “My
sex doesn’t fit my ideal image of a detective, and the police department is a very male
oriented society. If they had the slightest ‘concrete’ reason to look down on me, no one would
need me anymore.”
“You don’t know that,” Kanji said.
“So, it’s not really about being a boy?” Yukiko asked. “Or wanting to be an adult?”
“No,” Naoto said. “I’ve only been pretending to protect myself from those who would try to
put me down because of who I am.”
Naoto stood up and faced the shadow.
“I’m sorry… I kept ignoring you, pretending you didn’t exist. But you are me...and I am you.
You've always been inside me. I’ve been trying to shape myself to satisfy others, but in
reality, I must strive to be who I really am.”
Naoto’s shadow turned into a persona, and they turned to the rest of the group.
“So… are you a girl or a boy?” Yosuke asked.
“I’m confused,” said Teddie.
“I believe I am closer to a woman than a man,” Naoto said, frowning. “In any case, I hope
you don’t expect me to behave like the girls in my class.”
“That’s fine,” Chie said. “Just be yourself.”
“So… what do you want us to call you, though?” Kanji asked. “Like, uh, pronouns?”
“She is fine… but I don’t think I’d mind experimenting with they either,” Naoto said
contemplatively. “I’ll let you know if that changes.”

"Alrighty, they-she!” Teddie said cheerfully.
“That’s… not how that works,” Yosuke told Teddie.
Naoto smiled before lurching forward and collapsing. Everybody gathered around them, and
Kanji helped Naoto up.
“You really are a devious group,” Naoto said. “I can’t believe you kept something like this
hidden for so long.”
“Rise and Yukiko literally told you to your face,” Goro said.
“Do you really expect me to have taken that story seriously when they were drunk?” Naoto
sighed. “But you make a fair point. This whole thing is so unbelievable that it’s no wonder
the true perpetrator has eluded the police.”

Dojima and Adachi got off work early that day. Yu would normally count this as a miracle,
but Adachi’s flushed face and relaxed expression wasn’t particularly comforting.
In his drunken state, Adachi was more than happy to tell Yu all about Naoto being found.
Dojima noticed that Yu wasn’t particularly surprised by the news, but Yu just ignored him.
“You know what sucks?” Adachi asked. “We still don’t have proof that the Kubo kid
murdered anyone besides Morooka-san. How are we meant to build a case like this? I wonder
if Dojima-san is right… Maybe there really is another perp out there. The real one...”
“Adachi! How many times do I gotta say it!? Don’t keep running your mouth like that,”
Dojima snapped.
“Woah! Sorry.” There was no way Adachi was actually sorry. If he was, he would have
stopped telling Yu all about the case months ago.
Dojima turned to Yu, his frustration evident. “Alright, see here! Don’t worry about the case.
Just study like a normal student. If you don’t…”
Dojima cut himself off.
“If I don’t?” Yu asked.
Dojima sighed. “I know there’s not much I can do to stop you, but you’re going to get hurt if
you keep going like this, alright?” He got up. “I’m going to bed.”
Dojima went to his bedroom. Adachi frowned apologetically. “Sorry, I totally killed the mood
there. But yeah, I can totally understand why Dojima-san’s worried. You know the problems
it could cause if something happened, right? Like, if it happened you were mixed up in it,
we’d be real worried…”
“Are more scary things going to happen?” Nanako asked.

Adachi and Yu comforted Nanako before Adachi saw himself out of the house. He was still
pretty drunk. Yu hoped he didn’t accidentally fall and hit his head.
“Are you and Dad fighting?” Nanako asked Yu when Adachi was gone.
“Huh?”
“You don’t talk to him a lot anymore,” Nanako said. “And just then, he looked really upset
with you.”
Yu patted Nanako’s head and smiled. “We’re not fighting, alright? He’s just worried.”
“Oh.” Nanako didn’t seem that comforted. “When will he stop worrying?”
“I don’t know.”

Naoto remained indisposed while they recovered from their time in the TV world. Monster
Cat was getting a little skittish even in the safety of the Tatsumi residence, so Goro took him
outside to run around.
“You should get him a little place to climb and play,” Emiko said over the phone. “That
might make him happier to stay indoors. But not near Taiyaki.”
Which was how Goro ended up at Junes, surveying the different pet supplies. The cat climber
was half his height, and he realized belatedly that he probably should have brought a friend to
help him carry it.
Well, it wasn’t as though Goro wasn’t strong. Maybe he could get it inside the shopping cart?
Goro squatted down and slowly lifted the box.
“Ah, Akechi-kun!” Goro turned toward the sound of Adachi’s voice. “Do you need help with
that?”
Goro put the box down. He wasn’t going to struggle openly in front of Adachi. “Adachi-san,”
Goro said. “Are you off work today?”
“Eh, Dojima-san is giving me the cold shoulder because I spilled too much information to
Narukami the other day,” Adachi said. “I get that he’s worried, but it’s not like I told him
anything dangerous, geez.”
“No, you just told him confidential information,” Goro said.
“For an unofficial detective, you sure care about following the law,” Adachi said. “It’s not
hurting anything. I’m not telling everyone I know the secret stuff.”
“Just the teenagers putting their noses into places they really don’t belong. Good to know.”
“Aren’t you one of those teenagers? Wait, are you a teenager?”

“I’m thirteen.”
“Wow. I thought you were twelve.”
“Thank you,” Goro said. “Did you come here to comment on my age, or did you want to help
me?”
“Oh, right,” Adachi said. He picked up the box with relative ease compared to Goro. “Are
you getting a cat or something?”
“I already have a cat,” Goro said. “I’m just getting something to make him feel less agitated
indoors.”
“Oh, smart,” Adachi said. “Maybe I’ll get an animal. It’ll make my space feel a little less
lonely.”
“Are you a cat person?” Goro asked.
“I’m not actually that fond of cats or dogs,” Adachi said. “They’re a lot of responsibility.”
“You just said you wanted an animal.”
“Yeah, but only in theory. Maybe a fish. Those are pretty easy, right?”
“You still have to keep their water clean.”
Adachi sighed and stared at the ceiling woefully. “Then I don’t have a chance. I can’t even
keep my own desk clean. Dojima-san once said he found incomplete paperwork from a
month ago hidden beneath my mess.”
Every day, Adachi found new ways for Goro to be unimpressed with him.
“That’s not something you should brag about,” Goro said.
“Maybe not,” Adachi said. “You’re the sort of kid who keeps everything spotless in his room,
huh?”
“It makes it easier to find things.”
“I think it makes a room look soulless.”
“Agree to disagree.”
Goro bought the climber, and Adachi helped him take it home. Goro placed the box in the
corner of his bedroom.
“Thank you for your assistance,” Goro told Adachi. “I think I can assemble it on my own.”
“That’s two favors you owe me now,” Adachi said. He laughed nervously and scratched the
back of his head. “Are you ever going to get around to treating me to that ramen?”

“Ramen?” Goro said, just to mess with him.
“Remember?” Adachi asked. “I bought those art supplies for you! And now I’ve carried
around that heavy box half-way across town. You agreed compensation was only fair.”
Goro had better things to do than to give Adachi a free meal, but Adachi would only continue
to be insufferable about it if Goro kept putting it off. Besides, Goro did owe Adachi.
“Fine,” Goro said. “Let’s just do it now, while we’re here. How does that sound?”
“Sounds good to me,” Adachi said. “But make sure that you don’t take me anywhere cheap,
alright?”
Adachi ended up picking the ramen place, which was the fanciest ramen restaurant in Inaba
(which didn’t say much). Then, Goro was pretty sure Adachi went out of his way to buy the
most expensive dish on the menu.
Goro didn’t buy anything. He knew that Tatsumi was going to make dinner anyway, and he
was beginning to find comfort in the consistency of the family dinners. While awkward, at
least Goro knew exactly when they were eating each day. It felt wrong to eat dinner early
when Goro knew he’d be back before Tatsumi was done cooking.
“Oh man, this is exactly as delicious as I imagined,” Adachi said, digging into his ramen with
gusto. “Free food always tastes more delicious than food you have to pay for yourself.”
“I’m glad you’re enjoying it,” Goro said dryly. “I take it you don’t treat yourself often?”
“Of course not,” Adachi said. “I don’t get paid that much in this town, you know that? Now,
back in the city, I was making a half-way decent income.”
“Why are you here if you love the city so much?”
“I got transferred,” Adachi said. He took another bite of his food. “It’s a long story.”
Obviously, the story wasn’t pleasant if Adachi wouldn’t give into his natural tendency to
overshare. Goro resisted the urge to ask further. It was really none of his business.
“Of course, my parents haven’t visited since I moved,” Adachi continued, continuing to eat
his ramen enthusiastically. “My mom keeps saying she wants to visit, but I’ve yet to see it
happen. Probably for the best. They’d hate the state of my house.”
“Where do they live?”
“The city,” Adachi said. “Where else? Certainly better than here.”
“The town has its charms,” Goro said. “People recognize you more often, which I guess is a
blessing and a curse.”
“Oh well,” Adachi said. “It doesn’t matter if my parents give a crap about me. At least I can
find fulfillment in my work.”

“You do?”
“Of course, I do! What sort of question is that?”
“You complain about it frequently,” Goro said.
Adachi waved his chopsticks flippantly. “You’ll understand when you’re older.”
Goro had been older. Most people who found fulfillment in their job didn’t complain about it
every five seconds.
Jester Arcana: Rank 7

“Hey, Goro-kun?” Akira said as they took Monster Cat on a walk. Although Monster Cat was
well pleased with his new climbing apparatus, it was a nice day. Akira and Goro wanted to
enjoy the weather, and Akira wanted to spend time with Monster Cat at the same time. Goro
was half convinced Akira liked the cat better than he liked Goro. “I wanted to ask–”
“Look out!” Teddie shouted.
Goro and Akira jumped out of the way as Teddie completely lost control of his bike. He
crashed into a trash can that happened to be standing between them. Both Akira and Goro
cringed at the loud clang and Teddie’s terrified shout.
Monster Cat hissed.
“Are you okay?” Akira asked, immediately helping Teddie up.
Teddie nursed his head. “Oh, I’m fine,” Teddie said. “Don’t worry about little old me.”
“I do worry,” Goro said. “I worry a lot. Why were you biking if you still don’t know how to
use the brakes?”
“Of course I know how to use the brakes. You taught me how,” Teddie said defensively.
“They just broke… that’s all.”
“The bike does look pretty beat up,” Akira said.
“It doesn’t help that people keep crashing it,” Goro said. “Are you sure you didn’t damage
your head when you went down?”
“Is that meant to be an insult?” Teddie asked.
“No, it was a genuine question,” Goro said. “That looked painful.”
“Ah, well, it does hurt a bit,” Teddie said. “But I’m probably fine. It’s nothing to worry
about.”
“Maybe we should take you to a hospital,” Akira said.

“No, no, I’m fine,” Teddie said.
Monster Cat walked up to Teddie and meowed. Teddie gasped in delight. “Sensei told me you
had a cat, but I had yet to see it for myself!”
Teddie picked up Monster Cat, who immediately began struggling to get out of Teddie’s
arms.
“Aw,” Teddie said. “Aren’t you purrfect.”
“He’s uncomfurtable is what he is,” Akira said, not missing a beat. “You should put him
down.”
Teddie looked as though Akira had given him a birthday present early. “Well, we would want
to avoid a catastrophe.”
Goro suffered through too many of Teddie’s ridiculous puns to find lazy jokes triggering
anymore. He did find his face to be heating up in second-hand embarrassment.
“You guys both need to stop,” Goro said.
Akira wore a shit-eating grin. “Goro-kun, you don’t like our meowvelous jokes?”
“Fur-get him,” Teddie said. “He secretly appreciates them.”
“No, I don’t,” Goro said. “They’re ridiculous and overdone.”
Monster Cat meowed loudly. Goro took that as an agreement.
“The cat agrees with us,” Akira said.
“No, the cat agrees with me,” Goro said. “You’re embarrassing him.”
“Jokes are never embarrassing,” Akira said. “They’re merely funny.”
“I couldn’t have said it better myself,” Teddie said. “Purr-haps we should get together and
scheme some bear puns for my benefit.”
“I think I would find that bear-able,” Akira said.
“I’ve created a monster,” Goro whispered to the cat as Teddie and Akira started to laugh
loudly. He fought to keep a treacherous smile off his face. It was too absurd to not find a little
bit amusing. “I should have never let those two meet.”
Another meow in agreement.
Aeon Arcana: Rank 5

September turned to October, and the weather started to get cooler. It was almost odd to see
everyone start wearing winter clothes. Goro hadn’t even realized it was possible for Kanji to
wear long sleeves.
Speaking of Kanji, Goro was beginning to become fed up with him. Kanji was still desperate
to find some sort of hobby for Goro to “unwind” with, and they had yet to succeed. Between
drawing, piano, dance, martial arts (Chie had participated with that), and cooking, the only
thing Goro had true proficiency in was cooking. And Goro didn’t cook for fun.
Kanji was certainly learning new things in the process though. It was comforting that Kanji
wasn’t nearly as skilled in hobbies outside of arts and crafts.
This time, Kanji summoned Goro to Samegawa Floodplain with two fishing rods in tow.
“Alright,” Kanji said. “In case you haven’t already guessed, today we are going to be trying
our hand at fishing.”
“I’ve actually done this before,” Goro said, recalling his time with the phantom thieves. “I’m
pretty good.”
Kanji sighed. “Let me guess, it’s not really your thing?”
“I don’t find sitting in one spot and waiting for a fish to grab a hook particularly entertaining,
no,” Goro said. “It’s more of a social activity. Something to do with friends so that you’re
entertained while you wait.”
“I’m pretty sure Yu stands alone for hours in the hopes of catching this one fish,” Kanji said.
“I’m not doing that.”
Kanji slumped. “That’s… actually a massive relief. I wasn’t looking forward to sitting still
for that long myself.”
“Can I go home, then?”
“I have a backup plan, not to worry,” Kanji said. He put down the fishing rods and pulled
three small bean bags out of his pocket. “Have you considered juggling?”
Goro stared at him blankly. “Pardon?”
“Oh, come on, it’s not that bad,” Kanji said. “I think I’ve gotten pretty good. Here, I can
teach you.”
They spent fifteen minutes trying to juggle. Goro’s hand-eye coordination wasn’t bad at all,
and he didn’t have much difficulty with the activity. He did find the whole ordeal deeply
foolish.
Goro caught his beanbags and let his hands fall to his sides. “Kanji-kun, I don’t think this is
for me.”

Kanji stared sadly at his beanbags. “Yeah, I was starting to get that too.” He sat down. “Man.
You’re one tough nut to crack, Goro-kun.”
Goro sat down next to him. “You might want to give up this entire endeavor,” he said. “I
understand what you’re trying to do, but I don’t think this is actually helping me to relax at
all.”
Kanji grabbed a handful of grass and ripped it up. “You’re right. I only wanted to help you,
but I guess I was only annoying you, huh?”
“Annoying isn’t the right word,” Goro said generously. “But I’m feeling stretched thin.”
“I can’t really blame you,” Kanji said. He collapsed backwards and stared at the sky. “This
whole time I thought I was helping you, but maybe I was just telling myself that so I could
feel good about myself.”
“Maybe you were,” Goro said. “I can’t say.”
“Alright,” Kanji said. He rolled backwards and jumped to his feet. “From now on, I’m going
to stop forcing you to do things you don’t want to do, got that?”
“I can’t control your actions,” Goro said. “But I believe in you, if that’s what you want to
hear.”
“Well, whenever I’m stepping out of line, you just tell me, okay? The important thing is that
you have a good time when we hang out.”
“Actually, correct me when I’m wrong, but I think it’s important that both of us are happy.
That’s what I’ve heard, at any rate.”
“Well, obviously,” Kanji said. Some of the steam drained out of him. “I really am sorry for
making you uncomfortable. It wasn’t very cool of me.”
“You were well-meaning,” Goro said. “I’m not exactly known for my acts of kindness.”
“Yeah, well, I guess there’s such a thing as trying to be too considerate of others,” Kanji said.
“This friendship thing can be pretty tough, sometimes.”
“That, we can agree on,” Goro said. “If it makes you feel any better, I did somewhat enjoy
some of the hobbies we tried. Maybe if I later decide to do them on my own terms, I’ll find
them more relaxing.”
Kanji nodded. “That’s something, at least. But how about we try this again? You wanna get
some topsicles with me?”
“It’s not exactly summer weather anymore.”
“And who says it has to be summer weather to enjoy topscicles?” Kanji asked defensively.
“The stuff’s delicious.”

Well, Goro couldn’t say he disagreed.
Emperor Arcana: Rank 7

Chapter End Notes

Okay y'all. I really waffled on what to do about Naoto. Their story is SUPER transcoded, but canon gives at least a decent explanation for why they were presenting as a
boy but still identifies as a girl, and normally with things like gender identity, I don't like
to directly oppose canon. Also, personally I kinda think Naoto is cool as a female
character. However, I also know that canon really screwed a lot of fans over with the
again super trans-coded storyline (even if the writers didnt intend to make it trans coded,
thats still how many fans perceived it), and it felt weird to just be like "okay I guess
you're a girl now!" when there is an opportunity for trans visibility in the fic. So this is
kinda what I landed on as a compromise. Naoto is still kinda just experimenting, so I'm
leaving it up to the reader to decide if Naoto ends up identifying as cis or nonbinary.
Sorry if it's not what you wanted.
In any case, we finally made it to October!! I lowkey forgot how quickly the second half
of September goes by. Just like part 1 fr fr.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments (I trust
you guys but please don't get into arguments with each other about Naoto's gender
identity. It seems like something people might have strong opinions over. Also no
transphobia either pls.) <333
EDIT: friends, this chapter was posted FIVE MONTHS AGO and i'm still getting
comments about how Naoto's character was about sexism in Japan and isn't trans at all.
That is a Very Valid take, but I cannot live the rest of my life with the occasional
comment about what the writers intended with Naoto's character in this fic. Everyone is
entitled to their own opinion, but I'm tired and would like everyone to read this chapter
and accept that some people strongly felt like Naoto should have been trans and other
people very strongly liked the present narrative about male dominated jobs in Japanese
society. Both of these opinions are valid, which is literally Why I had a massive
paragraph in these notes originally. I wish all my readers a lovely day but please lets end
this conversation for my sake. <3333

Chapter 67: October 4–7, 2011
Chapter Summary

guys naoto talks so freaking much
i dare you to find a persona 4 game transcript, they have whole freaking paragraphs for
dialogue

Chapter Notes

tw: ptsd, implied/referenced child abuse, referenced death, referenced kidnappings

See the end of the chapter for more notes

October fourth wasn’t a day Goro held in particularly high esteem. It was hard to forget how
badly things could have gone two years ago. It was harder still to forget how badly things had
gone that day.
The year before, Ken had asked Goro to come over to Shinjiro’s apartment with him. Ken
had apologized to Shinjiro for trying to kill him, but Shinjiro had forgiven him almost
immediately. Goro, recognizing the trend, apologized for threatening Ken’s life.
In the end, they all agreed to forgive each other. It was hard to be angry after everything
they’d been through since then. It was especially hard to be angry when they were all still
alive and breathing.
Shinjiro was still alive then. Goro had counted that as a miracle.
Shinjiro was still alive now. None of them expected him to make it this long. Maybe they had
more time than they realized.
The day was still hard. Goro might be unsettled by the anniversary, but October fourth was
also the day Ken’s mother died. The day Shinjiro took a life.
Goro called Ken first.
“Hi,” Goro said. “How are you doing?”
“Fine,” Ken said, in a way that meant he wasn’t fine at all.
“You don’t have to be.”

“Yeah…” Ken hesitated. “It’s just hard, you know? Thinking about how bad things were at
first… and then how bad things could’ve gone two years ago. I really am sorry for all the
trouble I caused.”
“I forgave you for that a long time ago,” Goro said. “You can’t apologize every year. It’s not
healthy.”
“No, I guess not,” Ken said. “I’m just… worried. Or guilty. I don’t know. And I know it’s
been four years, but I—I miss my mom.”
“It’s only natural.” Goro squeezed his eyes shut. “I’m not sure if this is what you want to
hear, but it’s been thirteen years since I last saw my mother, and I still miss her.”
Ken stayed silent for a moment before saying, “I think it’s better that way. I mean… to stop
grieving is to stop caring, right? I don’t… I don’t want to forget how important she was to
me.”
After talking a little longer with Ken, Goro was about to call Shinjiro when he received a text
from Yu.
Narukami Yu: Today is Nanakos birthday
Narukami Yu: i wanted to do smth nice for her
Narukami Yu: can u come by junes after school?
As if Goro would have ever been able to say no to that. How old would Nanako be turning?
Seven? Would she be expecting a gift of some sort?
Well, Yu hadn’t told Goro to bring a gift, and he really didn’t have the time to go shopping
when school was in half an hour. Maybe he could quickly buy something at Junes before
Nanako got there.
Goro finally called Shinjiro with a sarcastic “Hello Shinjiro, I’m bored out of my mind,”
which at least got a shaky laugh out of him.
“It’s the little girl’s birthday?” Shinjiro asked when Goro brought it up. “What’s her name?
Nanaka?”
“Nanako,” Goro said.
“Right. And you’re taking her to Junes? Is there some fantasy land in Inaba I don’t know
about, or are you taking a child to a department store for her birthday?”
“You don’t understand,” Goro said. “She loves Junes. It might as well be a fantasy land to
her.”
“I can’t decide if that’s endearing or concerning,” Shinjiro said. “You said her dad wasn’t
around much, right?”

“According to Yu, she likes the jingle,” Goro said. “I’m not sure her fascination with the
place has anything to do with a lack of family outings. But I could be wrong.”
“I could come over,” Shinjiro mused. “Kick some sense into her dad.”
“That would be assault.”
“Well, you only live once, right?”
Goro bit back a remark on how incredibly unfunny that joke was. Shinjiro seemed to read his
silence anyway.
“Well, it’s a good thing that someone gets to be happy today,” Shinjiro said. “All things
considered.”
“Yeah,” Goro said, not sure what to say.
“Don’t worry about me,” Shinjiro said, even though Goro hadn’t said anything. “You have
your own problems to deal with without adding mine to the list.”
“Last I checked, being worried was a mark of a good friend,” Goro muttered.
“Last I checked, the past is in the past,” Shinjiro said. “Both Ken and that little girl need you
more than I do. Seriously, I’ve got Akihiko if my brooding gets out of hand.”
Goro sighed shakily. “Right.”

“I don’t know what to get her!” Chie complained as the group searched the rows of items in
Junes. “Why couldn’t Yu have given us more notice for this?”
“He forgot,” Yosuke said. “Dojima-san told Yu this morning that he was going to be bringing
cake over when he got home from work, and that’s around when Yu panicked and told us.”
“It’s good that Dojima-san remembered Nanako’s birthday,” Yukiko said.
“I hate that we feel the need to congratulate him for that,” Kanji said. “Anyway, I don’t think
you need to stress too hard about what we’re getting her, Senpai. Little kids are happy with
basically anything.”
“Maybe we should get her a book,” Yukiko said. She walked a few paces away toward the
children’s book section. “I loved reading when I was a kid.”
They followed Yukiko to the various picture books on display.
“I don’t know,” Rise said, crouching and peering at a series of books starring penguins. “I
think Nanako-chan is too smart for most of these. She’s pretty mature for her age.”

“What’s this one?” Teddie asked. Teddie picked up a book with strikingly familiar cover-art
of a pink alligator. “Look! Nana-chan likes pink, right?”
“Oh no, we are not getting her that book for her birthday,” Yosuke said. “Besides, I think Yu
told me she’s reading it for school.”
“Oh, that one made me cry like a baby,” Rise said.
“A children’s book made you cry?” Chie asked.
“Haven’t you read it?” Goro asked, staring intently at an empty spot in the shelves. His entire
body ached. “It’s about an alligator that dies by drowning in a pool of its own tears.”
“Oh, did you have to read it for school too, Goro-kun?” Yukiko asked.
“You just wildly oversimplified it,” Yosuke said. “It’s a narrative on how society treats those
different from them and then benefits when they suffer.”
“I really don’t think that was the point,” Kanji said. “I think the point was that you will be
remembered by what you leave behind when you die.”
“Are we still talking about a children’s book?” Chie asked.
Teddie sniffed. “Th-that’s, that’s so sad!”
“You really haven’t read it, Chie?” Yukiko asked.
“Well, I remember it being a kind of big deal,” Chie said. “But I never read it, no.”
“Didn’t the author and illustrator die?” Kanji said. “That’s how I first heard about it. Yeah,
check the little blurb on the inside cover.”
Yosuke looked over Kanji’s shoulder and read,
“Kamiki Akinari wrote this book to convey his own struggles through a genetic disease he
had since childhood. Although he sadly passed away at the age of nineteen, his mother and
friend had it published in memoriam to his life. Yoshino Chidori illustrated its pages. She
tragically lost her life in an accident at the age of sixteen, but her incomplete illustrations are
a testament to what she left behind.”
“I didn’t know they wrote that,” Goro said.
“Well, I guess teachers aren’t going to want their young students to think too hard about real
people dying,” Chie said. “Fictional alligators are easier to swallow.”
Yosuke nodded. “Yeah– Goro-kun?”
“What?” Goro snapped.
“I just… are you okay?” Yosuke asked.

“I guess it is pretty heavy stuff,” Kanji said. “Maybe we should just put it back.”
“I’m not a child,” Goro said. To his horror, his vision blurred. He blinked furiously. “I just…
I knew Chidori personally. That’s all.”
“Oh,” Yosuke said. His eyes widened. “Oh.”
“I’m so sorry, Goro-kun,” Yukiko said. She took the book from Kanji and put it back on the
shelf. “I had no idea.”
“Of course, you didn’t,” Goro said. “I didn’t tell you.”
“Maybe we should get back to finding a gift for Nanako,” Kanji said. “How much time do we
have now?”
“Oh, shit,” Yosuke said, glancing at his phone. “Fifteen minutes.”

“Happy Birthday, Nana-chan!” Everyone cheered as Yu brought Nanako up to their table.
They hadn’t purchased a cake, since Dojima ideally had that covered. They did buy three
gifts, partly out of franticness and partly out of their sheer inability to make decisions.
Someone might as well have put stars into Nanako’s eyes. “This is for me?”
“Of course it is,” Yu said, putting a gentle hand on her back. “Dojima-san didn’t lie to me
about it being your birthday today, did he?”
Nanako shook her head. She smiled at the others. “Thank you very much!”
“We haven’t even gotten started yet,” Chie said. “I’ll buy you a treat of your choice, and then
you can start opening your presents.”
Chie ended up buying Nanako takoyaki, and Nanako sat down at the table and began opening
her presents. For the first gift, Rise had insisted on buying something she could sign for
Nanako, so they had settled on a notebook.
“It has Risette’s signature!” Nanako said, gasping at the front page.
“That’s right,” Rise said. “Even if I never come back to show business, I thought you might
like that.”
“Wow,” Nanako said.
“You can write your thoughts in it too,” Yukiko said.
“Okay!” Nanako said, nodding. “Thank you!”
Teddie wanted to give Nanako something soft, so he got her an admittedly adorable looking
cat plush.

“It’s really soft,” Nanako said, hugging it close to her.
“It’s not quite like a real cat,” Goro said. “But it’s certainly less work than one.”
“What are you going to name it?” Yu asked, looking like he was fighting back a laugh. Goro
knew he was thinking about the unfortunate naming of Monster Cat.
Nanako beamed and held out the cat toward Yu. “I can name him Yu!”
“That’s a great name,” Yosuke said, looking like he was trying very hard not to laugh. Yu
beamed.
The third and final gift was mochi. Yosuke had recalled how much Nanako had wanted some
when they had gone on their school trip. Just as he predicted, Nanako was thrilled.
“This is my best birthday ever!” Nanako said.
“Wow, that’s high praise, seeing as the day isn’t even over yet,” Kanji said.
“Well, this is my first birthday I got to celebrate with Big Bro and his friends,” Nanako said.
“And at Junes!”
Nanako’s mother was dead. Her father was distant. Her beloved “Big Bro” would be leaving
in the Spring. She had every reason to be miserable.
And yet Nanako was still laughing. Still smiling. So hopeful that things would only continue
to get better.
Goro almost envied her.
Sun Arcana: Rank 5

When Naoto fully recovered, the group met at Yosuke’s house. Naoto wasn’t looking too
worse for wear, although she was obviously incredibly tired.
The team agreed not to mention their theories to Naoto until after hearing her testimony. The
last thing they needed to do was put ideas into Naoto’s head that altered her account of what
really happened.
“I hate to ask,” Yosuke said awkwardly. “But do you remember anything from when you
were kidnapped?”
Naoto nodded. “You don’t need to apologize. That was the reason I was kidnapped, after all.”
“Oh, um, right,” Yukiko said.
Naoto hummed. “First, I heard the doorbell ring. But when I opened the front door, I saw no
one there. Just as alarm bells sounded in my mind, someone grabbed me roughly from behind

and covered my mouth with something. As I struggled, I was put into something like a sack
and most likely carried on the culprit's shoulder.”
“What about the tracker?” Chie asked. “The one Goro gave you.”
Naoto glanced at Goro. “So, you filled them in,” she said. “Well, I had the tracker in my
pocket at the time. When he grabbed me, I managed to pull it out and violently shove it into
his pocket.”
“I guess it definitely got onto the culprit, then,” Kanji said, looking uneasy.
“How can you remember all this?” Rise asked. “I don’t remember anything from when I was
taken.”
Naoto frowned. “The culprit seems to have used a chemical to incapacitate me, but luckily, I
wasn't completely unconscious. I had been expecting a trick along those lines, so I was
somewhat prepared. And of course, I was desperate to gather as much information as I
could.”
“Wow, that’s pretty impressive,” Yosuke said.
“It ain’t something to be proud of,” Kanji snapped. “You are all way too damn calm about
this.”
“Naoto got information, didn’t they?” Goro asked. “That’s a testament to their abilities.”
“That’s not the point, damnit,” Kanji said. “Aren’t we forgetting that they could have died?”
Naoto blinked, obviously surprised by the outburst. “I appreciate your concern, but I’m fine. I
knew there was a high likelihood I would be rescued by your group. Akechi-kun reassured
me of this fact.”
“I can’t believe you let them go through with this,” Kanji muttered.
“It’s not like I had much of a choice at that point,” Goro said. “Naoto was already on
television. It was only a matter of time before they were targeted.”
“We should get back to the testimony,” Yu said. “Did you get a good idea of who the culprit
was?”
Naoto shook her head. “Not enough to say who exactly. Judging by their actions and body
type, I’d say the culprit is definitely a man. I heard no conversations or voices, so I believe
he’s acting alone.”
Everybody glanced at each other knowingly.
“It's after that that things get murky. I felt a single impact, which I assume is when I was
thrown into the TV...” Naoto leaned over and massaged her temple. “But the time from
kidnapping to that point seemed too short. It was a matter of minutes.”

“Maybe there was a TV on the side of the road?” Chie asked.
“Regrettably, my memory from there on is a blur,” Naoto admitted.
“I had kind of assumed that the kidnapper had thrown people inside their own televisions,”
Rise said. “Although, I guess that wouldn’t make very much sense if there were other people
at home.”
“Not to mention that Akechi-kun was kidnapped in the middle of the street,” Yosuke said.
“Do you remember seeing any TVs nearby?”
“Not that I recall,” Goro said.
“I can’t believe the killer went up and just rang the doorbell,” Yukiko said. “What if he was
caught?”
Naoto sighed. “I finally understand why you all testified that you couldn't recall much of
what happened. Such a bizarre experience, with mental and physical fatigue on top of it...It's
only natural to be confused. And going by the surrounding circumstances, my kidnapping
and everyone else's were near identical...the only discrepancy is Akechi-kun’s case.”
“Well, if Mitsuo was a copycat killer for Morooka, maybe the same thing happened to
Akechi-kun?” Chie asked.
“Not likely,” Yosuke said. “I mean, come on. If everyone knew they could kill people by
throwing them into televisions, we’d have way more disappeared people. Right?”
“But Mitsuo knew to enter the television,” Yu said. “There could be more people with the
ability than we initially thought.”
“That’s been bothering me!” Chie said, raising her hand. “If Mitsuo could enter the
television, why didn’t he kill Morooka that way too?”
“I doubt the thought even occurred to him,” Naoto said. “When the police were catching onto
him, it is likely that the thought of escaping into the television was a frantic, split-second
decision. He likely didn’t know of the other world before then. Of course, I’d ask Kubo
myself, but… I’ve been taken off the case. I doubt the police will believe any of this.”
“They wouldn’t want to admit they were wrong anyway,” Rise said. “Once you’ve said
something on television, you don’t want to take it back.”
“The public tends to turn on you when they think you aren’t sure of your beliefs,” Goro said.
“The police care more for their reputation than actual justice.”
“I think that’s why I was taken off the case,” Naoto said. “As soon as I raised the possibility
that there be another culprit, I was dismissed out of hand. As a matter of fact, they want to
end this case with Kubo’s arrest.”
“Even if there’s another killer?” Chie asked.

“As much as I would like to continue complaining about cops, don’t we have other things to
worry about?” Kanji asked. “Like the tracker?”
“Ah, yes, I’ve been wanting to ask about that,” Naoto said. “I trust that you didn’t tell me the
results so as not to alter my testimony, but I’ve told you all that I know.”
“Wow, you really are an ace detective, Naoto-kun!” Teddie said, looking somewhat awed.
“That’s exactly what we decided.”
“To be entirely honest,” Yu said. “I found the tracker in my own pocket.”
“As if Senpai could pick up an entire person over his shoulder,” Rise said.
“No, you’re certainly not the right body type,” Naoto said. She tilted her head thoughtfully.
“Could the culprit have spotted my true intentions?”
“Putting it in his pocket wouldn’t have been exactly subtle,” Kanji admitted.
“But to target the leader of this group would have been a very intentional choice,” Naoto
said. “Were you in contact with anyone on the day I was taken?”
“We’ve already asked all of these questions before,” Goro said, trying not to feel exasperated.
“I don’t tend to speak to many adult males on the regular,” Yu said. “And after school, I don’t
remember anyone bumping into me or getting into my personal space.”
“Which means the only other option really is…” Yosuke began, giving Yu an apologetic look.
“Detective Dojima certainly does fit the profile I managed to make in my head,” Naoto said.
“But of all of the detectives there, he and Adachi-san are the least eager to end the case.”
“That does seem odd,” Yukiko said.
“But it’s still a possibility?” Yu asked hollowly.
“Anything is a possibility,” Naoto admitted. “And, based off of what information we have
gathered, it’s not unlikely.”
“Why would he have gone after Akechi-kun?” Chie asked. “Sure, the culprit could have been
someone else, but he was still thrown into a television, right?”
“We think that he was taken because he was asking Adachi-san questions about the case,”
Yukiko said. “We thought that Adachi-san might have been the killer, but he has multiple
alibis now.”
“Dojima wasn’t there,” Goro said. “If he was, he would have told Adachi off for telling me
more than he should have.”
“But Adachi could have blabbed to Dojima about what you said, right?” Kanji said.
“Adachi’s not really one for keeping secrets.”

“Did you suggest anything that would make Dojima-san suspicious of you?” Naoto asked.
“It was months ago, but I do recall suggesting Adachi or another detective might be the
killer,” Goro said, pinching the bridge of his nose. “I probably said something along the lines
that the police are less likely to suspect each other.”
“Well, that would put Dojima-san on guard if he is the culprit,” Naoto said reluctantly. “But
we have no motive.”
“But we do have evidence,” Yu said. He leaned forward and covered his face with his hands.
Yosuke rested a supportive hand on his shoulder.
“We... had an idea,” Chie said reluctantly. “And it’s going to sound horrible, but…”
“We wanted to put one of the trackers on Dojima-san,” Yosuke said. “I mean, he’s a
legitimate suspect, right? We need to make sure that he’s not hurting anyone.”
“It’s a huge breach in privacy,” Rise said. “I’m still not sure if I’m comfortable doing that.”
“Considering the nature of this case, I’m not sure there’s another way to prove Dojima-san’s
innocence or guilt without following him around,” Naoto said. “It’s not as though he is going
to have the murder weapon. And chemicals such as the ones that knocked me out could be
found in anyone’s kitchen.”
“We could check for a syringe or something,” Kanji said. “Because of Goro-kun.”
“He would have thrown that away by now,” Goro said. “He was the one who suggested I get
tested for drugs.”
Another point for Dojima’s innocence.
“I say we do it,” Kanji said. “I mean, we already know where he goes most of the time
anyway, right? He just works all day and then comes back home.”
“I guess we’re not recording his actions or conversations,” Rise said reluctantly. “Just where
he’s going.”
“If we were to do this, Yu would have to be the one to plant the tracker,” Yosuke said. He
glanced at Yu. “If you’re not comfortable with this, we can quit the plan entirely.”
Yu sighed, sat up, and shook his head. “No. I think we have to do this. We can’t turn on our
backs on an actual lead. And who knows? Maybe we’ll prove his innocence.”
“Very well,” Goro said. “If you stop by Tatsumi Textiles, I can give you a tracker in person.”
As they started to disperse, Naoto pulled Goro aside. “I meant to ask,” she said. “That day in
the TV world, you said you knew about my… ruse. Not even adults were able to tell the
difference. How could you?”

And so Goro was forced to explain the entire wretched story all over again. He almost
preferred the explosive reveal to SEES compared to this constant explaining as new people
joined their number. At this rate, he was going to have his story down to a science.
Naoto… actually took it impressively well.
“It is hard to believe, but not impossible,” Naoto said, her eyes shining with fascination. “We
can enter televisions at will. It’s not a stretch to think time travel is possible on top of that.
Perhaps, if you’re willing, I could ask you some questions about this cognitive world in the
future.”
“Feel free,” Goro said. “But maybe another time. I don’t want to keep Yu waiting.”
Naoto nodded. “Of course not.”

In the end, it was remarkably easy to place the tracker. Yu stuck it on the bottom of Dojima’s
shoe under the guise of putting on his own. Dojima never indicated that he had any
knowledge of what Yu had done.
It didn’t erase the guilt.
Guilt didn’t erase the underlying fear either. What if this had all been a lie from the start? Had
Yu been stupid to even think he could be a part of a family?
Dojima put his shoes on and left the house the following morning with only a goodbye. Yu
watched him go anxiously.
“Big Bro?” Nanako asked. “Is everything okay?”
No. Maybe Yu hadn’t been so stupid after all.
“I’m fine, Nanako,” Yu said. “Let’s get to school, huh?”

Naoto wanted them to do a physical examination after school. Apparently, she had already
made them all appointments. Not only was Naoto concerned about the potential health
ramifications of going back and forth into the TV world, something Goro had admittedly
never considered, she wanted to find out more about Teddie’s origins.
Goro wasn’t particularly fond of hospitals. Hospitals meant that someone had been injured, or
kidnapped, or that Maruki was planning on hijacking more people’s minds for his own
benefit.
However, the physical examination was rather painless. The doctors even went as far as to
say that Goro was an average height and healthy weight for his age, which he certainly
wasn’t when he was thirteen the first time around. Would he end up taller than he was when
he was originally eighteen? All because he started eating well sooner in his life?

Despite the admittedly good news, Goro was still relieved when he was done being
examined. He gathered in the hall with everyone else and waited for Naoto to come out with
Teddie’s test results.
“That was just an ordinary checkup,” Yosuke said.
“What did you expect?” Goro asked. “It wasn’t as though Naoto-kun could tell them that we
regularly go into televisions and wish to have our insides looked at.”
“I was kind of imagining that they were going to spin us around in some machine,” Kanji
admitted.
“Even the doctors looked confused as to why we were here,” Rise said reluctantly.
Naoto and Teddie came out of a nearby door.
“Sorry for the wait,” Naoto said. “We hit a little snag in the investigation.”
“It turns out that I’m a beary mysterious bear!” Teddie said. “Even the X-rays couldn’t tell Xactly what was going on inside of me.”
“Man, good work on the branching out!” Chie said.
“Goro-kun’s friend inspired me,” Teddie said proudly.
Goro was not proud of this fact. The less puns that were created in this world, the better.
“What do you mean?” Yukiko asked. “About the X-rays, not Goro-kun’s friend, I mean. Were
they malfunctioning?”
Naoto sighed. “That’s what the doctors believe, at least.” She put her hand on her hip. “None
of the machines seemed to find out anything about Teddie at all, it’s as though there’s hardly
anything inside of him.”
“That can’t be right,” Yosuke said. “When he falls off his bike, he always ends up getting
scraped. And it’s not like cotton stuffing is coming out of his body.”
“That would be freaky,” Teddie said.
“I agree,” Naoto said. “And so do the doctors. Without machines, Teddie’s results were
perfectly normal in the examinations. But it still begs the question of what he is.”
“I guess we don’t know hardly anything about Teddie just like we don’t know anything about
these personas and shadows,” Kanji said.
“We might not know much about Teddie, but I believe there’s plenty that’s already known
about personas and shadows,” Goro said. He was surprised Kanji would even say that. “I
assumed you already knew.”

“Knew… what?” Yosuke asked. “We obviously know what personas and shadows are, but we
have no clue where they come from. I mean, I researched it on the internet a little bit, and it
just said a persona was like… another personality. But other than that, we’ve got nothing.
Right, partner?”
Yu rubbed the back of his neck. “Well, I have a small idea of that, actually.”
“You do?” Yukiko asked. “What is it?”
“Well, there’s this room…” Yu began. “But nobody else can see it, and there’s this man with
a long nose and… I’ve completely lost you.”
Everybody except Goro was staring at Yu with blank expressions.
“A room with a man that has a really long nose?” Yukiko asked.
“Forget it,” Yu said.
“Well, theories aside, I did some research into the real-world meanings of personas and
shadows as well,” Naoto said, nodding to Yosuke. “Persona and Shadow are common
psychological terms. A shadow is suppressed power, and when it’s controlled by one’s ego, it
becomes a Persona…”
“I don’t think I understood any of that,” Teddie said sadly.
“Shadows become personas?” Kanji asked. “Well, I guess our shadows did become our
personas after we beat the shit out of them.”
“Your personas are the mask you wear to overcome life’s hardships,” Goro said. “And the
shadow is the suppressed part of you that you keep hidden from the rest of the world. They’re
two sides of the same coin.”
“I never thought about it that way,” Yukiko said.
“So, when we mastered our shadows, we got personas?” Yosuke asked. “That’s not too
complicated… I think.”
“Ah, who cares about the details anyway?” Kanji said. “If they get in our way, we’ll crush
them.”
“I just wish I knew where this other world came from,” Naoto said. “Why do people’s
unconscious desires seem to form other realities?”
“That’s just the power of the collective unconscious for you,” Yu said.
“Naoto-kun’s not wrong,” Goro said. “There probably is something larger at play. There
almost always is.”
“That’s a comforting thought,” Yosuke said. “For now, I think we should just focus on
finding our killer. We’ll find out the source of the TV world after.”

Yosuke had a point.
“And we’ll find out who Teddie is too!” Teddie interjected. “I can’t let my insides be a
mystery forever, you know!”
“Well, while you look into yourself, I have places to be,” Goro said. “My bad pun-fluence of
a friend invited me over to study this evening.”
Kanji snorted.
“Pun-fluence?” Yu echoed, starting to grin.
Goro felt his face flare up. “No—”
Teddie gasped. “Goro-kun! You said another accidental pun!”
“I said pun in fluence, I did not—”
“Aw, Goro-kun,” Rise said. “There’s no need to look so punsettled. We love puns!”
“Do we?” asked Yosuke.
“You’re all insufferable,” Goro muttered, turning away from the group. “I’m leaving.”
“I think you mean punsufferable,” Naoto said.
Goro sputtered.

Akira’s parents were suspiciously nice.
“Oh, you must be Akechi-kun,” Akira’s father said, stepping aside so Goro could enter the
house. “It’s a pleasure to finally make your acquaintance.”
“You too, sir,” Goro said.
“We’ve heard you’ve done a lot for Akira,” Akira’s mother said. “It’s so good to know that
Akira has positive role models in his life.”
Akira looked horribly embarrassed. He kept glancing at the door Goro assumed led to his
bedroom.
“The pleasure is all mine,” Goro said. He didn’t have a particularly high view of Akira’s
parents from what Akira told him. Still, he was relieved they weren’t openly horrible. “Now,
if you’ll excuse us, Kurusu-kun and I have a lot of… studying… to do.”
Akira managed to drag Goro into the safety of his bedroom.
“They’re… nice,” Goro said.

“I told you,” Akira snapped. “My parents are good people.”
Goro really wanted to believe that. It would fit the image he had made up for Akira’s past life
back when he was bitter and angry at his rival for having the life he could never have.
Now, Goro could only continue to have doubts.
They started to study until Akira’s parents went out to have a work dinner of some kind. Free
of any potential supervision, Akira dragged Goro out into his backyard. A small plot of land
was dedicated to a flower garden, although it was obviously wilting in the cooling weather.
“I’m sorry I didn’t think to bring you here during the summer,” Akira said, frowning sadly at
his plants. “It didn’t occur to me to try until recently.”
“It’s not your fault, Akira-kun,” Goro said. “You were spending time with your family.”
“Right.” They crouched down next to the flowers and began pulling weeds anyway. “I should
plant new seeds, but I haven’t had a lot of time for that recently.”
“I assume your parents have allowed the garden,” Goro said. “It’s not exactly hidden.”
“They have, but they also expect my studies to come first,” Akira said. “They really want me
to succeed when I’m older.”
“I’m sure they do,” Goro said. That much was obvious.
“Fine,” Akira said. He sighed. “Let’s just… change the subject.”
“How long have you been gardening?” Goro asked.
“A while,” Akira said. “Maybe, um, three years now? I’m not very good, but flowers have all
sorts of different meanings, you know.”
“Yeah,” Goro said. Akira had already told him this. Told him about the flower garden he had
at home, miles away from Tokyo. Told him about the different meanings in the flowers.
Something not unlike grief sucked most of the air from his chest. “I do.”
Akira must have noticed something was wrong. “Goro-kun?”
“It’s nothing,” Goro said. He took a deep breath. “I’m fine.”
“Why do you have to be like that?” Akira asked.
“Like what?”
“You keep saying you’re fine, but it’s obvious that you’re not.” Akira yanked out a weed
more aggressively than before. “Shouldn’t friends confide in each other?”
“Do you confide with me?” Goro asked.
“I–” Akira looked hurt, but surprise was evident on his face. “I… of course, I do.”

“When?”
“Well.” Akira stared at his flowers and smiled bitterly. “Okay. I guess I don’t.”
“It’s not that we’re not friends,” Goro said. He dug his nails into the dirt. It would be a pain
in the ass to clean later, but at least it helped him to stay grounded. “I just don’t want to hurt
you with my problems.”
“I don’t think that’s how friendships work,” Akira said. “I haven’t had very many friends
before, but I think you’re meant to want to help each other.”
“I know,” Goro said. “But that requires two willing participants.”
“What if we made it a game?” Akira asked. “You could tell me what’s wrong, and then I
could tell you something that upset me. Then we could help each other.”
“A question for a question?” Goro asked distantly.
“More like… a confession for a confession,” Akria said. His frown deepened. “Are you…
you look really bad.”
“I’m…” A small laugh escaped Goro, and he had no idea why. “...I’m a coward.”
“What do you mean?”
“Exactly what I said.” Goro ducked his head and didn’t look Akira in the eye. “I can’t… let
dead men rest. I can’t even look at my face without being reminded of them. And I don’t
know why.”
Akira hesitated, chewing on the inside of his cheek. “Does this… have to do with the scar on
your face?”
“What else?” Goro asked. “It wasn’t an accident.”
“Can I ask what happened?”
“Nothing’s stopping you from asking, Kurusu-kun,” Goro said softly.
“That’s not what I meant.”
Goro knew what he meant.
“I don’t want to talk about it,” Goro said. “I’d prefer to forget it ever happened, actually.”
It had been nearly two years. Two years was ample time to recover from the trauma. To
forget how scared he had been. To forget how he had cowered like a child while Jin tried to
track him down.
To forget how Ikutsuki had comforted him.

Goro couldn’t let that happen again. He couldn’t fall for the same lies. He couldn’t let any
adult draw him into a false sense of security.
“Maybe talking to someone would help,” Akira said. “I… I’ll tell you something I haven’t
told anyone before.”
“You don’t have to,” Goro said.
“No,” Akira said. “I think… I think it will make me feel better.”
“Then, by all means,” Goro said. “I’m listening.”
Akira leaned back and pressed his palms against the grass. “You know when Konishi was
killed? Oh, well, you weren’t here. So maybe you don’t.”
“I know of it,” Goro said.
“I was the one to discover the body,” Akira blurted out. “I saw her fighting on the Midnight
Channel, and then I was going to school early in the morning, and I saw her hanging there.
That’s why I took the opportunity to walk to and from school with you. Konishi discovered
the first body, and I was scared.”
Discovering Konishi’s body early in the morning… seeing her fight on the Midnight
Channel…
In hindsight, maybe it should have been obvious. It was just like Akira to hide his trauma
under the guise of some clever ghost story.
“That was you?” Goro asked unthinkingly.
“That was… what?”
“Nothing,” Goro said. “I just… I didn’t realize you were the one to discover Konishi’s body,
that’s all. It wasn’t released to the public.”
Akira had said the police kept his identity a secret, hadn’t he?
“The police kept it a secret because of what happened to Konishi,” Akira said, oblivious that
Goro already knew. “I haven’t told anyone. Not even my parents.”
Not even his closest friends. Not even the person he inadvertently brought back from the
dead.
“I’m sorry,” Goro said. “That must have been very traumatizing.”
“Yeah, well, I guess I should get used to it,” Akira said. “Shirogane-san got kidnapped, right?
That means the killer is still at large.”
“Not forever,” Goro said. It couldn’t be forever. “This will end, one way or another.”

Akira’s eyes were haunted as he stared at Goro. “And what if that way gets another person
killed?”
Priestess Arcana: Rank 6

Chapter End Notes

i was about to say we were getting close to the end game of part two but we're only like
300 out of 528 pages into the word doc so maybe end game is the wrong word
we're getting really close to november guys isn't this exciting
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 68: October 10–16, 2011
Chapter Summary

guys i proofread this chapter so frantically this morning

Chapter Notes

tw: ptsd, honestly this chapter isn't very trigger heavy

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The benefit of living in the central shopping district was that Goro had a perfect view of
everything that went on near the Velvet Room entrance. By extension, he had a perfect view
of the absolute ruckus every attendant was making when crowding around the door.
And by every attendant, he meant every attendant. Every attendant he knew of, at any rate.
Lavenza and Margaret stood side by side, looking the most composed out of the entire group.
Elizabeth and Theodore were bickering, and Marie had her head buried in the journal Goro
had given her.
Upon being greeted with such a sight, Goro would have been ridiculous not to investigate
further. He approached the group with a confused frown.
“What is going on here?”
“Ah, we were hoping that one of you would come along eventually,” Theodore said.
“This is one hundred percent Lavenza’s fault,” Elizabeth said immediately. “She insisted
upon this outing of ours.”
“I don’t think it’s very fair that the rest of you get to explore the human world and I’m stuck
inside all the time,” Lavenza said petulantly. “Not to mention that you haven’t been getting
along as of late.”
“We get along fine,” Theodore said, crossing his arms with a pout. “Elizabeth and I just argue
for the fun of it.”
“Fun is one way of putting it,” Marie said. “You give the rest of us a headache.”
“Let’s not start something,” Margaret said wearily.

“I’m not the one starting something.” Marie snapped her book shut. “You’re the one taking
my poetry pages and strewing them all over the floor.”
“You refuse to express your feelings with words; how else is Narukami going to know how
you feel?”
“You think that’s helpful? It’s just invasive!”
Lavenza tugged on Goro’s shirt. “Pardon my rudeness, but I was hoping that you could show
us a place like the aquarium? I was very fond of that experience, and I think it will help my
family learn some more cooperation, which is vital if we wish to assist humanity well.”
“I think you have an excessive amount of faith in my ability to bring people together,” Goro
said. “I know you were hoping for Yu to come.”
“I have heard he has better diplomatic skills, although I have never met him myself,”
Lavenza admitted, raising her voice as Theodore and Elizabeth joined the argument. “But
Elizabeth and Theodore do seem to get along better after you brought them places together. I
think that an outing will be good for us.”
“I guess I don’t have anything better to do,” Goro said. He had been secretly hoping that the
Velvet Room attendants would start to get along more too. The limousine was stifling enough
without the steadily rising tension between Marie and Margaret.
Unfortunately, Inaba wasn’t really known for ‘interesting places’. It was known for the
Amagi Inn and its hot springs, which wouldn’t exactly help with family togetherness, seeing
as Theodore wouldn’t be allowed in the same hot springs as the rest of the Velvet Room
entourage.
If only Lavenza arranged this intervention when he was at Iwatodai. He could have taken
them to the karaoke bar or something.
“So? Where are you taking us?” Elizabeth asked, drawing her attention back toward Goro.
“I don’t know if you’ve looked around recently,” Goro said. “But there aren’t many popular
spots. I suppose we could take the train to the city.”
“Oh, no, don’t be ridiculous,” Margaret said. “The human world has plenty of charms, even
when the inhabitants are fewer.”
“You say that like you come out here often,” Marie said, rolling her eyes.
“What if you decided, Lavenza?” Goro asked loudly, hoping to cut off an argument before
another one would begin. He really wasn’t made for peacekeeping. “Is there anywhere that
you wanted to see?”
Lavenza clasped her hands together. “Well, I heard of a sport that humans partake in where
they try to catch fish. Is that a teamwork activity?”

Goro would not call fishing anything that required a remote amount of teamwork. On that
note…
“It’s certainly more enjoyable when you’re among friends,” Goro said neutrally.
“Excellent,” Elizabeth said. “Minato-kun never did take me fishing. This will be a new
experience for me.”
“I hope it’s not too violent,” Theodore said. “What happens to the poor fish?”
“From what I understand, you can release them back into the water if you do not wish to sell
or eat them,” Margaret said.
“Eat them?” Lavenza asked, looking slightly aghast.
“They taste pretty good,” Marie said.
Lavenza’s eyes began to water. They scrapped the fishing idea.
“There are still plenty of fun things to do by the water,” Marie said, trying to comfort the
distraught fragile Lavenza. “Like, um… Yu-kun told me they splashed each other a lot at the
beach.”
“And you can wash your hands,” Theodore said. “Water is a very important resource.”
“As if anyone would call that fun,” Elizabeth scoffed. “Lavenza, sweetie, some humans are
careless around their natural resources. If we picked up litter, we might make the river very
happy.”
“And the fish?” Lavenza asked, perking up.
“Oh, the fish will love it,” Margaret said.
They went to the flood plain and began picking up litter. There actually was a remarkable
amount of trash and soda-cans lying about. More than Goro expected, at least, considering
the no-littering sign standing by the bank.
Marie, looking disgusted at the thought of picking up garbage, kindly held the trash bag for
them. Elizabeth, remarkably enough, was the most eager to find as much trash as possible.
“Theodore takes this thing far too seriously,” Elizabeth said. “And I can’t have my brother
beating me in anything.”
“Ah, so you’re not actually doing this out of concern for the river,” Goro said as he picked up
yet another half-crushed soda can.
“It can’t be both?”
“I can’t believe that humans would disregard their natural environment like this,” Lavenza
said. She scowled. “It’s disgusting.”

“They tend to take it for granted,” Goro said. “It’s easy to forget about the environment when
you’re wrapped up in your own problems.”
“But couldn’t they find comfort in it?” Lavenza asked. “Everything about this place is so
beautiful.”
“Things look prettier when they’re new,” Margaret said. “It is easy to take what you’re used
to for granted.”
“Are we having a heart to heart?” Marie asked. “Or are we continuing with the waste
management?”
Elizabeth dumped her litter into the trash bag. “I cannot rest while Theodore rushes to beat
me.”
“You may think yourself better than me, sister, but I believe I am beating you by a mile this
time around,” Theodore said. “I’m not always the butt of the joke, you know.”
Elizabeth, despite her previous claim, stopped collecting litter and crossed her arms. “Maybe
you should stop acting so ridiculously, then.”
“I’m not ridiculous,” Theodore said, crossing his arms in a mirror posture to Elizabeth. “I’m
just different from you, that’s all.”
Lavenza glowered. “Can’t you stop fighting for two seconds?!”
Goro was honestly impressed that she knew how to raise her voice.
“I know you brought us all here so that we could get along,” Margaret told Lavenza. “But one
group activity does not make people forget their differences.”
“I know,” Lavenza said, looking at her feet. “But you’re not even trying to communicate with
each other.”
Margaret sighed. “I admit… I can take people’s good qualities for granted,” she said.
“I’m standing right here,” Marie said.
“Fine.” Margaret turned toward Marie. “Marie, I’ve been unfair to you. You’re far more…
crass than I’m used to in a Velvet Room attendant. It frustrates me.”
“That doesn’t give you the right to interject in my personal life,” Marie said, crossing her
arms. “And you should leave Elizabeth alone about her clothes.”
Goro felt extremely out of place. He collected litter more aggressively in an attempt to
distance himself from the conversation.
“I know,” Margaret said, “And I’m sorry. But I wish you would respect my feelings too.
Sometimes, I really am trying to give you advice. You’re only damaging your own growth
when you don’t even try to listen to what I have to say.”

Marie hesitated. “Fine.” She sighed explosively. “I’ll… try to be more open to feedback, or
whatever.”
“Thank you.”
“Theodore, I’ll try not to make you the butt of every joke,” Elizabeth said reluctantly.
“Oh,” Theodore said. “I didn’t even realize this outing was about us.”
“It wasn’t,” Elizabeth said. “But I thought I’d follow the trend.”
“So you’ll stop arguing?” Lavenza asked.
Bizarrely enough, Lavenza bore a striking resemblance to Nanako in that moment.
“We’ll certainly try,” Margaret said.
“Good,” Lavenza said, crossing her arms and nodding.
They wrapped up their cleaning. As it turned out, Goro collected the most waste. Goro hadn’t
realized it was possible to beat any of the attendants at anything, but Marie had been keeping
internal count of all the trash being collected. Goro had gotten a significant lead while the
others were having their heart to heart.
“Well done, Goro-kun,” Theodore said. “Not only have you participated in our intervention,
but you have defeated me and Elizabeth.”
“Not that you would win an actual fight against us,” Elizabeth said quickly.
They returned to the Velvet Room. Margaret stood outside the door and waited for everyone
else to leave.
“I wanted to thank you for being so willing to help Lavenza,” Margaret said.
“I didn’t actually do much,” Goro said. “I’m not sure why you needed me in the first place.”
“When we are serving a guest, we attendants are bound to the Velvet Room, or to our guests,”
Margaret said. “Theodore and I would have had immense difficulty going further than a few
feet away from the door without our guests.”
“Didn’t Elizabeth and Marie go to Junes on their own?” Goro asked.
“Well, Marie is something of a special case,” Margaret admitted. “And Elizabeth has always
been a free spirit.”
“Be honest,” Goro said. “Are you actually going to start getting along now that you’ve had
that conversation? It was barely fifteen minutes long.”
“Maybe not,” Margaret said. “But being out there reminded me that just as humans take their
world for granted, I think I was taking my family for granted as well. I should be more open

to spending time with them.”
“You got all that from collecting litter?”
“Don’t take the people you care about for granted, Goro-kun,” Margaret said. “You don’t
have to do everything on your own.”
“I never said I did.”
“You don’t need to say something for it to be in your thoughts.”
Judgement Arcana: Rank 7

The next day, Chie dragged everyone to Junes to study for upcoming exams. Nanako was
more than happy to come along with Yu, although Yu had an ulterior motive.
“Even if Dojima-san isn’t the killer, it’s obvious the killer has close contact with me,” Yu
explained quietly to the others. “And if it isn’t Dojima-san, that means Nanako is at a lot of
risk.”
“So that’s why you’ve been having us babysit her when you’re working at night,” Yukiko
said.
“Nanako wasn’t visiting a friend this afternoon, and she likes Junes, so I felt better about
having her come along,” Yu said.
“We totally understand,” Kanji said. “Don’t stress about it, man.”
Yu nodded gratefully. “Thank you.”
“What are you guys talking about?” Nanako asked.
“It’s nothing, Nanako-chan,” Kanji said immediately. “Just how excited we were to teach you
about algebra.”
Nanako didn’t look very convinced. Yu hadn’t been exactly subtle about pulling everyone
aside.
“I thought you were going to study for your exams,” Nanako said. “So shouldn’t you be
teaching each other?”
“That’s… a very good point,” Chie said. “Well done!”
“Dad says that exams are important.” Nanako took a sip from the soda Yosuke had already
bought her. “He gives Big Bro a reward when he does good, which is always.”
“That’s because your Big Bro is one of the smartest people I know,” Yosuke said. “And that’s
no joke.”

“As fun as this conversation is, we should probably get started,” Goro said. “We’re burning
sunlight.”
They sat down at the long wooden table in the Junes food court and pulled out their
textbooks. Goro definitely had the least intimidating work out of the lot of them, but he sat
between the first years and the second years. Helping highschoolers study for exams was the
only way he retained most of his past high school knowledge.
“Let’s start with proving trigonometric identities,” Yukiko said.
“Why are we jumping straight into math?” Chie said, sighing woefully.
“We’re just talking about trig functions in our math,” Rise said. “What is it… we find the
area of the triangle given two sides and–”
“Huh?” Kanji looked thoroughly startled by this new information. “You find the area of the
triangle with that… you know, that thing.”
“The formula?” Goro offered.
“Yeah! Formula!” Kanji beamed. “I knew there was a word for it. What’s it? Base by height
by two?”
Naoto offered to help Rise and Kanji with first-year math, and Yu and Goro took charge in
assisting the second years. Goro neglected most of his own studies; it still wasn’t very
difficult compared to proving trig identities, which Goro hadn’t particularly missed.
“I don’t understand why we even have to do this,” Yosuke said. “Can’t we just trust that the
smarter guys got it right?”
“That sort of attitude causes you to lose all sense of critical thinking,” Goro said.
“What does critical thinking mean?” Nanako asked. She was obviously somewhat listless,
even though Teddie was doing a good job of entertaining her while everyone else studied.
“It means that you think so hard that your brain hits critical condition!” Teddie said. “You’re
thinking to the max!”
“That is not what it means,” Yukiko said scornfully. “Don’t fill poor Nana-chan’s head with
lies.”
Teddie slumped. “Sorry.”
“Critical thinking means that you can look at the facts and make decisions without just
believing what other people tell you,” Yu said.
“Oh… so if my friends tell me it’s okay to steal, I can think that it's not okay because that’s
what Dad taught me?”
“Um, sort of,” Chie said.

“Do your friends encourage you to steal?” Yu asked immediately.
“No,” Nanako said, shaking her head quickly. “It was just an example.”
“I don’t think Nanako has it in her to commit any crimes,” Yosuke said. “Do you? I mean,
can you imagine Dojima-san hauling her in?”
“That wasn’t what I was worried about,” Yu said.
They continued studying for the rest of the afternoon. Nanako asked a few more questions
about what they were studying, and Teddie once again brought up the mystery of his origins.
By the time they wrapped up their studying for the day, they were all thoroughly exhausted.
Goro actually looked forward to his own exams, which would be laughably easy compared to
the endless math and science the highschoolers were subject to. How had Goro managed to
juggle school, celebrity life, and working for Shido again?
Maybe he had just gotten weaker over the years.

Another nightmare. Another instance of waking up in the middle of a dark room.
Monster Cat meowed at him tentatively. Goro had no idea why he was even awake at this
ridiculous hour.
“I’m fine,” Goro muttered. “Don’t worry about me.”
Monster Cat meowed again and crawled onto Goro’s stomach. The warm weight made him
relax almost automatically, as though his body was pre-programmed to fall for a cat’s
manipulation.
“I told you not to worry about me,” Goro muttered, running his fingers through Monster
Cat’s fur. “Why can’t you listen?”
Monster Cat didn’t say anything. He might have fallen back asleep.
Goro truly must be a wreck if even his cat was starting to feel concern for him. What had
happened to his perfectly crafted illusion of perfection? What had happened to the days that
nobody could notice that his life was cracking at the seams?
“Why doesn’t anyone listen?” Goro exhaled explosively. “What happened to me?”
Goro didn’t expect Monster Cat to reply. Monster Cat stayed within those expectations.
Maybe Goro had been right earlier. Maybe he really was becoming more and more weak. He
couldn’t lie for shit anymore. Everybody saw through him.
The only two people who used to be able to see past Goro like that were Shido and Akira.

Maybe they were the only two people who really knew him.

“Do you like coffee?” Naoto asked over the phone the day before exams.
“I do have a preference for it,” Goro said. “Why?”
“You said you would tell me more about the cognitive world,” Naoto said, sounding
reluctant. “I was hoping I could entice you with a cup of coffee while I asked you my
questions.”
“I had nearly forgotten about that,” Goro admitted. He did agree to answer Naoto’s questions,
and he wasn’t exactly looking forward to spending the rest of his afternoon studying or
watching the Dojima’s tracker.
Dojima’s routine was fairly consistent. He spent most of his time in the police station, with
intervals walking around town. It was always in a set pattern and in public spaces. Very rarely
did he deviate, and when he did, Goro was always able to discover that a crime had taken
place there. For all intents and purposes, Dojima’s everyday actions weren’t incriminating at
all.
But nobody new had shown up on either the television or the midnight channel. They would
have to wait for that to happen to make any decisive calls about Dojima’s behavior.
“Where do you want to meet?” Goro asked. Kanji was at home; he could put him on Dojimawatching duty.
“My house is fine,” Naoto said. “My grandfather makes a fine cup of coffee. I’m sure you
won’t be disappointed.”
Coffee was relative. Compared to the sewer water Chagall served, Goro was sure Naoto’s
grandfather made nothing less than heaven poured into a mug. As to whether that coffee even
slightly amounted to the Le Blanc’s level of impressive taste, Goro would be the judge.
“I’ll be there in a few minutes,” Goro said.
The coffee was quite good, much to Goro’s bizarre disappointment. Had he secretly wanted
Naoto’s grandfather to fail, just so that he could continue touting Le Blanc as the single best
coffee joint in Japan? Surely, he wouldn’t be motivated by such petty reasoning.
“It’s good, isn’t it?” Naoto asked.
“Yes,” Goro said. It didn’t taste like Le Blanc’s coffee, but the flavor was certainly in a
league of its own.
Stubbornly, Goro decided that Le Blanc’s and this coffee could be tied in quality.
“My grandfather studied coffee beans when he was younger,” Naoto explained. “I suppose
being analytical has run down the family, because he combined various formulas until he

finally came up with the perfect blend of coffee.”
“I suppose that you have a fair amount of free time on your hands when you’re a private
detective,” Goro said dryly.
“Not as much as you might think,” Naoto said. “But certainly more than Dojima and Adachisan seem to have.”
“How are you taking it?” Goro asked. He took a sip of his coffee and tried not to visibly relax
at the smooth bitter taste. “Not being on the case, I mean.”
Naoto raised their eyebrows. “I’m sure I don’t know what you mean,” they said. “I may not
officially be on the case in the police’s books, but I think its safe to say I’m more on the case
than those in the force.”
“You know what I meant,” Goro asked. “I know the approval of those in the precinct was
important to you.”
Naoto glowered into their coffee. “I don’t care about them.”
“I told myself that too.”
Naoto looked up, surprised. Goro took a deep breath.
“I’m not saying our experiences were the same, because they weren’t.” Goro put down his
cup and stared studiously at a family photo on the wall. Naoto was a very small child
standing between two individuals Goro could only assume were their parents. “But I do
understand fighting for the approval of adults who automatically disregarded me due to my
age.”
“Unfortunately, I’m afraid I can see where they’re coming from,” Naoto said. “If Nanako
came up to me and started offering me advice on this case, would I accept it with grace? Or
would I ignore her because she’s only a child?”
“Nanako is seven.”
“And I’m only fifteen,” Naoto said. “To someone in their late thirties, there is very little
difference.”
“Except that you’ve solved cases before,” Goro said. “And so had I, as far as they knew. You
earned their respect, and they chose not to exercise it anyway.”
“I still worry,” Naoto said. “What if I grow up to be just like them? Every person has a streak
of pride that is very hard to blot out, and I’m afraid that mine…”
Naoto trailed off, looking away.
“I wouldn’t call you proud,” Goro said.

“I wouldn't consider myself humble either.” Naoto sighed and took another sip of their
coffee. “But that isn’t actually why I called you here, of course. I wanted to probe you on this
cognitive world.”
“So you’ve said,” Goro said. “What would you like to know?”
Naoto launched into a plethora of questions on the cognitive world that even Goro felt
marginally unequipped to answer. He ended up recommending that they read Isshiki
Wakaba’s works, although he wasn’t sure if Wakaba had started truly researching the concept
of a cognitive world yet. Seeing as the cognitive world didn’t truly yet exist, her theories on
palaces certainly wouldn’t be currently accurate.
When did Isshiki start working with Shido? It was certainly before Goro came into the
picture.
Anxiety started creeping into Goro’s stomach. He should start working on a way of
contacting Isshiki. But how the hell was he meant to go about it? Goro still had over a year
before Shido wanted Isshiki dead, but should Goro really wait until that point?
They did have more immediate matters to deal with at the moment…
No later than Goro’s fourteenth birthday. Goro would find a way call and warn Isshiki before
that point.
“The entire concept of the public’s perceptions impacting the cognitive world is fascinating,”
Naoto said. They had been taking notes the entire conversation. “Do you think the cognitive
world manifests differently in different parts of the world? Or is the collective unconscious
representative of the entire globe’s perceptions?”
“I don’t think that could be true,” Goro said. “Cultures still have enough variety that the
cognitive world wouldn’t line up so much with widely held Japanese beliefs. But, if I’m
being perfectly honest, Japan does seem to be the main center for metaverse anomalies.”
“That is true…” Naoto said. Naoto chewed on the end of their pen, not looking aware they
were doing it. “There are so many unanswered questions. You seem to believe this cognitive
world is connected to the TV world, but what keeps creating these worlds? Apart from the
obvious presence of personas and shadows.”
“From what little pattern I’ve managed to detect, some powerful being wishing to play with
humanity,” Goro said.
Naoto’s eyes widened. “Do you think that’s what’s happening here?”
“I think you should brace yourself for the possibility,” Goro said. “But it’s as Yosuke says.
Just because there might be a god pulling the strings doesn’t mean we should ignore very
human evils.”
“Right,” Naoto said. “We have a killer to catch. It’s just easier to think about more abstract
concepts than the harsh truth in front of us.”

“That someone has no problem in harming teenagers?” Goro asked. “Surely in your line of
work, this isn’t new.”
“No, but it’s more personal,” Naoto said. “In spite of my age, I’m not wholly inexperienced.
Yet I still managed to let myself get taken so easily. It’s… frightening, to tell you the truth.”
Goro had felt powerless when his attacker had grabbed him from behind. He was incredibly
experienced in combat, but he had been subdued painfully easily. He could have died if the
killer chose to take a more direct method.
“I know exactly how you feel.”
Fortune Arcana: Rank 4

Exams were about as exciting as they always were. In other words, they were stiflingly
boring. Akira was able to provide Goro a small amount of entertainment as they walked
home from school together, but despite the ease in which Goro took the tests, he still found
himself feeling drained. Being trapped in a silent classroom filled to the brink with tense
students didn’t exactly create a relaxing environment.
On Saturday afternoon, Akira asked if he could visit Monster Cat. Goro would never say no
to such a request, seeing that, as far as Goro was concerned, Monster Cat was still Akira’s
cat.
“Hello, Kurusu-kun,” Tatsumi said as they entered. “Are you here to visit the cat?”
Tatsumi had yet to call Monster Cat by his name. Mostly because Goro refused to admit that
Monster Cat was the poor creature’s name.
“Yes ma’am,” Akira said. He glanced at Goro and lowered his voice. “Maybe we should
reconsider and change to a different name.”
“Trust me,” Goro said. “I’ve tried. He only remotely answers to Monster Cat.”
Tatsumi pretended not to hear them. “If you’d like to call your parents, you can stay for
dinner,” she told Akira. “I’m more than happy for the company.”
“O-oh, really?” Akira asked. “I wouldn’t want to impose.”
“You sound like Goro-kun.” Tatsumi laughed. “I enjoy hosting others. Please, don’t worry
about me.”
“In that case, I would be more than happy to stay,” Akira said. He bowed. “And I really can’t
thank you enough for being willing to take care of Mon… the cat for me.”
“Goro-kun’s the one doing all the work,” Tatsumi said, waving her hand dismissively. “I
haven’t had to raise a finger to make sure that cat is fed and healthy.”

“That’s so not true!” Kanji called from his bedroom. “I know you feed him treats when you
think nobody is looking!”
Goro grimaced at Kanji’s outburst.
“We should go to our room,” Goro said. “We have to… study.”
“Like Kanji-kun’s studying?” Tatsumi asked, smiling wryly.
“Uh, I am studying! Not to worry!”
Goro had faith that Kanji was at least attempting to study. That was all he could be sure of.
Goro led Akira into his bedroom. Monster Cat was contentedly situated at the top of his
climbing toy, chewing on something.
“Oh no,” Akira said, leaning close to Monster Cat and peering at the dark object. “Is that one
of your gloves? It looks a little big for you. It’s not Tatsumi-san’s is it?”
Goro instantly tugged the glove out of Monster Cat’s mouth. Monster Cat hissed.
It was the glove that Tsuyoshi had “given” him. The one Goro was certain he had put inside
his drawer of valuable possessions, which should have been impossible for Monster cat to
even get into.
“What’s wrong?” Akira asked.
“It’s… I just don’t know where he could have gotten this,” Goro said. He tried to smile, but
he was sure it must have looked closer to a grimace.
Goro hurried to his drawer and yanked it open. All his other valuables were still accounted
for. They lay neatly arranged as Goro left them.
Had Goro only imagined putting the glove away? Maybe he had accidentally dropped it and
Monster Cat had gotten a hold of it.
The explanation was too easy.
Nothing was easy for Goro.
“You look really pale,” Akira said. “Are you sick? Maybe you need to sit down.”
“I… I feel fine,” Goro lied. He put the glove back in the drawer and slammed it shut. He
ended up sitting down anyway.
“Maybe its exams,” Akira said. “I’ve heard they can be draining.”
“Yeah,” Goro said. He bit back an exhausted laugh. “That’s probably it.”

The next morning was a Sunday, and Yosuke invited Goro to another group study session at
Junes. Goro ended up being one of the first people to arrive.
“Oh good,” Yosuke said, looking up from the textbook. His nose had practically been
touching the pages. “It’s only you.”
“It’s only me?” Goro said dryly.
“I didn’t mean it like that.” Yosuke grimaced. “I only meant that you're not likely to distract
me from my studies, which is good, because I have this feeling I’m going to fail all of my
exams.”
“I doubt you’re going to fail,” Goro said. He sat down next to Yosuke. “You’re not
unintelligent.”
“Yeah?” Yosuke asked. “Okay, well, before the others come and distract me into not wanting
to study anymore, quiz me.”
Yosuke shoved a piece of paper into Goro’s hands. It was a list of questions written in Yu’s
handwriting.
“Yu’s pretty good at guessing what potential questions on the exam is going to be,” Yosuke
said. “So ask me a random question and I’ll give you what I think the answer is.”
“I can’t help but to notice there aren’t any answers on this sheet of paper,” Goro said.
“Yeah, well, I’ve been trying to remember them without them being written,” Yosuke said.
“C’mon, get with the quizzing already.”
Goro frowned and looked at the fifth question on the page. “What bird is commonly referred
to in the English phrase, to stick one’s head in the sand?”
Yosuke blinked at him blankly. “Um… what does that phrase mean again?”
“I thought I was the one quizzing you,” Goro said.
“C’mon, give me a hint!” Yosuke asked, clasping his hands pleadingly.
“I’m pretty sure it means that you’re hiding from your problems,” Goro said.
“Oh, um, and it’s a bird, right?” Yosuke said. He put his head in his hands. “Hold on, I know
this… uh, um, is it an owl?”
“That doesn’t sound right,” Goro said. “I believe the answer is ostrich.”
“You’re totally right,” Yosuke said. “How’d you know?”
“I remembered.”

Yosuke took the paper back from Goro and slumped. “Man… I can’t believe that a thirteenyear-old could do my exams better than I can.”
“Need I remind you that I’ve experienced around twenty-one years of life?” Goro asked. “It’s
not remotely the same thing.”
“You don’t have to try and make me feel better.” Yosuke’s fingers curled around the paper,
crumpling it slightly. “I know that I’m basically useless to the group now.”
“Where the hell did that come from?”
“I’ve considered myself the ideas guy, but you and Yu are way smarter than me,” Yosuke
said. “And now that Naoto’s joined the group, I might as well have nothing helpful to add at
all.”
“We still value your input,” Goro said. “It’s not a competition.”
“I hardly get a word in edgewise these days,” Yosuke said. “And it’s not like my persona’s
that strong compared to the others.”
Yosuke’s attitude strongly reminded Goro of Junpei’s bitterness toward Minato earlier into
SEES’ existence. Goro should nip this inferiority complex in the bud before it caused conflict
among the group.
“You don’t have to be the smartest or the strongest to be an important part of the group,”
Goro said. “That’s not why people keep you around.”
“I know that,” Yosuke said unconvincingly. “I mean, I feel like I have to keep telling Yu to
stop acting like his only purpose in life is to make us happy.”
“And yet you consider yourself worthless.”
“Well, it’s different.”
“Why?”
“Because… because, I don’t know!” Yosuke crumpled up Yu’s notes completely. “I know
nobody has a high opinion of me. And I probably deserve it. Sometimes I talk about the girls,
and I hardly know what I’m saying.”
“You know what you have that I don’t?” Goro asked.
“Nothing,” Yosuke asked.
“Trust,” Goro snapped. “Have you forgotten already? Last month, you rose to Yu’s defense
so quickly I genuinely thought you were going to kill me.”
It was true. The fury in Yosuke’s eyes implied Yosuke was going to find the nearest stake and
shove it through Goro’s heart. That sort of defense only served to fuel the fire of Goro’s
frustrations at the time. In hindsight, it was almost admirable.

“You thought I was stupid for it.”
“Not everyone is that loyal,” Goro said. “And you have a shocking amount of emotional
maturity. When you’re not making ridiculous comments about women.”
“I know I should stop,” Yosuke said. “I just…”
“You just…?”
“Well, at first I started because Saki died, and I didn’t know how to handle it,” Yosuke
admitted. “And happy guys try to pursue girls, right? And then–”
“Hey guys! Sorry we’re late.” Rise said. The rest of the group trailed behind her.
“Chie wanted a beef skewer and then we all wanted beef skewers,” Kanji admitted. “So it
took longer than expected."
Naoto frowned. “Where’s Teddie-kun?”
“He’s going to babysit Nanako,” Yosuke said. “So he’s headed to Yu’s place. Yu should be
here soon.”
After Yu arrived, everyone pulled out their textbooks. They then proceeded to have a longwinded conversation that had absolutely nothing to do with what they were studying.
Yosuke was right. He and Goro should have studied when they had the chance.
Magician Arcana: Rank 6

Chapter End Notes

Okay next week im gonna be vacationing so there will still be updates but dont panic if
its noon on tuesday and a chapter's still not up.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 69: October 21–30, 2011
Chapter Summary

Festival shenanigans:D

Chapter Notes

Tw: threats, ptsd, referenced sexualization, referenced death

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The Thursday after exams were over, Yu arrived home to find that Nanako hadn’t gotten
home from her friend’s house.
Yu tried not to panic. Nanako was allowed to spend time with her friends, but it was getting
darker outside. Maybe Yu should pick her up so she wouldn’t have to travel through town
alone at night–
The door opened and closed loudly. “I’m home!” Nanako said cheerfully.
Never mind.
“Oh, you’re already back,” Nanako said. She held the mail from that day in her hands. Yu
probably should have thought to get that himself. “There was a letter for you in the mailbox.”
A letter? Since when did people decide to send Yu letters?
Nanako handed Yu a plain envelope. It was addressed to Narukami Yu, but there was no sign
of the sender’s name and address on the envelope.
Yu tried to keep the dread off his face as he tore open the seal and read the note. It was only
one sentence long.
dont rescue anymore
Well, if there was any shred of remaining doubt that the killer knew Yu’s true involvement in
the case, it could safely be discarded.
“Nanako, did you see anyone strange approach the mailbox?” Yu asked.
“No, why?” Nanako asked. “Is it not from a friend?”

“N-no, it is,” Yu said. “Just one more question, and then you can watch TV. What time did
you last check the mail? Before this time, I mean?”
“Yesterday afternoon,” Nanako said. “I always check the mail when I get home.”
It was true. Yu never had gotten into the habit when Nanako was always on top of mail.
“Is it something bad?” Nanako asked again.
“It’s nothing,” Yu said. He carefully folded the piece of paper and put it back into its
envelope. “Just a prank.”
“Oh.”
“Your show’s on, right?” Yu asked. “Don’t worry about me. Everything’s fine.”
Nanako had always been too smart to ever really believe that.

Yu gathered everyone on the school roof of the high school an hour before classes began.
Goro had an alarmingly small amount of difficulty of getting there unnoticed.
And then Yu showed them the note.
“Don’t rescue anymore,” Naoto repeated. “Is this a warning?”
“That’s a mild word for it,” Goro said.
“You don’t mean it’s a threat, do you?” Yukiko asked.
“It’s gotta be a prank,” Kanji said. “I mean, this sort of stuff only happens in movies, right?”
“We haven’t been exactly subtle about rescuing the victims,” Goro said. “I wouldn’t exactly
call it a surprise that the killer is starting to get fed up.”
“Yeah, but we’ve been meeting at my house to avoid being overheard and everything,”
Yosuke said.
“We’ve also had a track record of returning the kidnapped victims to their homes,” Naoto
said. “Not to mention you haven’t exactly been subtle in staking out potential victims.”
“You did catch onto us pretty quickly, huh?” Chie asked Naoto.
“What are you going to do about the note?” Yosuke asked. “I mean, are you going to turn it
in to the police?”
“I wasn’t sure,” Yu admitted. He glanced at Goro and Naoto. “Do you think they’d find
anything?”

“The killer isn’t a fool,” Goro said. “I doubt he’s going to have written that in his own
handwriting. I suppose it’s possible they could find fingerprints.”
“I don’t think it’s likely,” Naoto said. “They’ve evaded the police for this long. The message
is a warning, and the subtext is that they are confident the note can’t be used to trace the
crime back to them.”
“Not to mention that we don’t really trust the police at the moment,” Rise said.
“Even if Dojima-san is innocent, if he catches wind that you’re so heavily involved in the
case, I doubt he would let you move around town freely,” Naoto said. “And that would
greatly hinder our investigation.”
“Keeping it a secret it is,” Yu said. He put the note back into his pocket. “If the killer is
willing to start issuing threats, we should be more careful from now on.”
“Cross your fingers it’s just a prank,” Yosuke said.
“I find that highly unlikely,” Goro said.
“I guess it’s too much to assume Dojima-san wouldn’t put a letter in his own mailbox, huh?”
Chie asked.
“Dojima-san’s a detective. He wouldn’t be so reckless as to put the letter inside the house.
And nobody would think it odd if he put mail in his own mailbox,” Naoto said.
Yu nodded. “Nanako had last checked the mail the day before,” he said. “So even though
Teddie or one of you guys didn’t notice him unexpectedly going back home, it doesn’t really
mean anything.”
While they were at school, Teddie kept an eye on Dojima-san’s movements. Goro doubted he
watched the screen nonstop, but it was good to have a set of eyes on it during that huge block
of their day.
“Teddie has been saying that someone’s been watching us while we’re in the TV world,”
Yosuke said. “You don’t think we show up on the midnight channel, do you?”
“If that were the case, wouldn’t people be gossiping about us?” Yukiko asked.
“Yeah, nobody mentioned you guys when telling me about the Midnight Channel when we
first got here,” Rise said. “So I don’t think that can be it.”
“I guess we don’t fully know how the Midnight Channel works, huh?” Yosuke asked.
“We can worry about that later,” Yu said.
“Yes.” Naoto nodded. “For now, we should remember that the killer knows who we are. Stay
vigilant, but maybe this can work to our advantage.”

Goro wasn’t so sure that only a select number of people in Inaba knew their involvement in
the murders. Anyone would probably have the common sense to figure it out if they were
paying attention.

Yu called Goro a few days later and asked him to watch Nanako. Apparently he had a job at
the hospital, and everyone else was occupied with other plans that evening. Goro tried not to
take offense that he was the last bastion on Nanako babysitting duty. It wasn’t completely
unfair. Goro was physically much younger than the others.
Nanako was more than happy to have Goro come by. She and Goro sat in the living room and
turned on the television. It immediately played commercials, so she made conversation
instead.
“Big Bro’s friends have been coming here a lot lately,” she said. “I think he thinks I’m
lonely.”
“I think it’s older siblings' jobs to get worried,” Goro said. “I guess I wouldn’t know,
though.”
“Why not?” Nanako asked.
“I’m an only child.”
To Goro’s surprise, Nanako looked shocked by this news. “Really? What about that man who
was on the phone?”
Goro frowned. “What… man?”
“The one who said the bad word,” Nanako said. “When you were making cake for Yosukesan. Big Bro said you were brothers.”
“Big Bro told you that, huh?” Goro asked. Come to think of it, Goro hadn’t ever explained
the nature of his relationship with Shinjiro to Yu. He supposed that someone not in the know
would assume that Shinjiro and Goro were related in some way. “We’re not actually brothers.
We’re just friends.”
“Oh,” Nanako said. “Well, you’re right about big siblings worrying too much. Big Bro
doesn’t tell me anything.”
“He’s just trying to protect you.”
Nanako huffed. “From what?”
Was Nanako trying to fish him for information? Goro was almost impressed.
“I’m sure you know that the town isn’t exactly the safest recently,” Goro said vaguely.

“But he’s extra worried,” Nanako said. “And he keeps telling me nothing is wrong, but I
think the letter said something really bad. He looked like he ate Rise-san’s omelet.”
Yu had actually prepared Goro for the possibility that Nanako would ask about the letter.
Apparently, she had tried to ask all the others about it too.
“It was just a prank,” Goro said.
“That’s what everyone says.” Nanako sighed. She looked like she was about to say more, but
the commercials ended and Feather Pink appeared on the screen. “Oh, it’s starting.”
It must have been a rerun. New episodes of Featherman didn’t come out until Sunday–
Feather Pink, or Pink Argus, transformed back into her civilian self. If Goro had been
drinking anything, he would have spat it out all over the television screen.
“Crap, crap, crap!” Yukari said, running to her fictional high school. “I’m going to be late for
class!”
“Pink Argus is having a hard time keeping up with her classes,” Nanako said. “She has an
important assignment due, but she can’t do it because she’s too busy saving the world.”
Why the hell was that relatable?
Why the hell was Yukari the one begging her teacher to give her a day’s extension on the
television screen?
“Is something wrong?” Nanako asked.
“N-no, it’s fine,” Goro said. “Give me a moment.”
Goro pulled out his phone and frantically typed a text message.
Akechi Goro: When the hell were u going to tell me ur in featherman?!
Takeba Yukari: u knew i had gotten a big role
Akechi Goro: not in the most popular kids show in the country!!
Takeba Yukari: its embarrassing
Goro could not believe that Yukari had the gall to say that having a face almost any child
could recognize was embarrassing. He also could not believe that he was watching Yukari
pretend to be in high school again. Everything about this was entirely unbelievable.
Yukari, or Feather Argus, was now complaining about her unreasonable teacher to her
fictional high school friends. She actually was a pretty good actor. Everything about seeing
Yukari live out a fictional life was just completely bizarre.
“Do you watch this show a lot?” Goro asked.

Nanako nodded. “This episode is my favorite,” she said. “I’m glad I get to watch it with
you.”
It turned out that Pink Argus was having troubles at home as well. Her brother was in the
hospital because of a car wreck that was apparently caused by one of the villains of the show.
Yukari didn’t want to worry her friends, though, so she refused to tell them what was going
on. She juggled her schoolwork, super heroism, and injured brother all at once, without any
outside help.
Yukari was just playing a role. Goro did not have to call her and make sure she wasn’t doing
this in real life. That would be absurd. Yukari didn’t even have a brother. The actor meant to
be playing her brother barely resembled her.
By the end of the episode, her exhaustion had gotten so bad that Yukari almost died in a
battle. She was forced to explain her situation to her friends, and they agreed to help her out
with her problems.
Inexplicably, when the episode ended, Goro asked, “Does her brother get better?”
Nanako nodded. “Mhm!”
What a relief. Not that Goro cared about a kid’s show or anything.
Nanako yawned. Was Goro meant to help put her to bed? What time did she go to sleep
anyway?
“If my big bro was in danger, I would try to rescue him,” Nanako said.
“You don’t have any super powers,” Goro pointed out.
“If I had super powers and Big Bro was in danger, then I would rescue him.” Nanako smiled.
“Dad saves people in danger, though. I bet he could rescue Big Bro.”
“Yeah,” Goro said after a small pause. “I bet.”
The front door opened, and Dojima announced his presence. Nanako jumped to her feet to
greet her father. Goro followed after her.
“Oh, Akechi-kun,” Dojima said, looking surprised. “I guess you were watching over Nanako
while Yu was away?”
“That’s right,” Goro said. “We’re just a little worried since the kidnappings have resumed,
that’s all.”
Dojima’s expression shifted to suspicion. “Right. You kids are staying out of it, though,
right?”
“Of course.”

“Good.” Dojima nodded and smiled. “Well, I really appreciate what you do for Nanako. It
helps me rest easy when work forces me to stay late too.”
Good to know that Dojima felt some concern for Nanako when she was left all alone in the
house.
“Well, I should be going,” Goro said.
“Thank you for spending time with me, Akechi-san!” Nanako said happily.
“The pleasure was all mine, Nanako-chan.”
Sun Arcana: Rank 6

“Oh, you’re back,” Kanji said as Goro entered the living room. “How was Nanako?”
“Suspicious,” Goro said. “Yu needs to work on his poker face. Nanako can tell something’s
wrong.”
“Yu always has a poker face.” Kanji snorted and crossed his arms. “When you live with him,
I bet you can read all the different variations.”
“I suppose that much is true.” Goro sat down on the couch next to Kanji and sighed in
exhaustion. “Fortunately, Featherman was there to keep her distracted for the most part.”
“I haven’t watched a lot of the new show. It’s Featherman Victory, right?” Kanji said. “Is it
any good?”
“It’s not bad,” Goro said. “It’s a little bizarre when you know one of the actors, but apart
from that, it was actually pretty good. I’d have to watch more episodes to know if the
characterization stayed consistent, but it at least maintains some of the charms of the older
incarnations.”
“Huh. You were a fan?”
“You could say that,” Goro said. There was a time when he would cry over missing one of
the weekly episodes. “I haven’t watched it in earnest in years.”
“Neither have I,” Kanji said. “Naoto was talking about it the other day though, rambling
about the different characters and their arcs and stuff. Its weird. I always thought Phoenix
Featherman was just for kids.”
“That’s because it is targeted toward children,” Goro said. “I wouldn’t say the show I just
watched was meant for mature audiences.”
“Yeah, but from the way Naoto talks about it, it has plot lines about as interesting as any
shonen manga I’ve read.”

Kanji was using the voice he used when he thought he was going to rope Goro into
something. Goro narrowed his eyes at him. “What are you suggesting?”
“I bought the box set for Phoenix Featherman R,” Kanji admitted. “Naoto says it’s her
favorite version of the show so far, and I wanted to be able to bond with her over something,
you know? But I’d be pretty embarrassed watching a kid’s show by myself.”
“You want me to watch Featherman R with you… so that you won’t be embarrassed,” Goro
said slowly.
“Pretty much.”
“From what I understand, the show has a perfectly large adult following on the internet.”
“That’s the internet, nobody has any shame on there,” Kanji said. “If any of my classmates
catch wind of this, my reputation will be deader than the shadows we kill on the regular.”
“Who cares what your classmates think? I doubt the others are going to judge you. Yosuke
talks like he still watches it.”
“That’s not the point.” Kanji sighed. “Please, man? Nobody will care if they think I’m just
watching it to bond with my little brother.”
“I’m not your little brother.”
“Well, duh. We both know that, but some people don’t.”
“People are going around saying the two of us are siblings?” Goro asked skeptically. First
Shinjiro and now Kanji? Who was going to be next? Teddie?
“Well, you know how people are.” Kanji scratched the back of his neck awkwardly. “Some
people got it into their heads that you’re Ma’s illegitimate child or something and that’s why
you came back to Inaba. It makes no sense, of course, but they talk.”
Come to think of it, Goro did remember hearing some gossiping whispers as he walked past a
group of adults the other day. He just assumed it had nothing to do with him. People would
find anything and everything to gossip about.
“Well, great,” Goro said.
“Look, you don’t have to, but TV is more fun when there’s someone to watch it with
anyway,” Kanji admitted. “And I’d die before asking Ma to watch Featherman with me.”
“Did you need me?!” Tatsumi called from a few rooms over.
“Uh, it’s nothing!” Kanji said, his face panicked.
Goro ended up agreeing to watching. They sat in Goro’s room with Monster Cat draped over
both their laps and started playing the show.

To Goro’s horror, it only took two episodes for him to become fully invested. Since when did
writers for kid’s shows know how to tell a compelling narrative? No wonder Ken kept
badgering him to start watching it.
Goro didn’t breathe a word of it to Kanji, though.
“Pretty good, huh?” Kanji asked when it had gotten so late that they were both on the verge
of collapsing. “I guess Naoto-kun doesn’t make this sort of thing up.”
“It was tolerable,” Goro said. “If you watch it again, I’ll be fine with keeping you company.”
Kanji beamed. “You got it.”
Emperor Arcana: Rank 8

Tatsumi-san wasn’t home the next evening since she was visiting some friends. The TV in the
living room was bigger and newer, so Kanji and Goro sat on the sofa and continued binging
Featherman R.
“For Naoto, of course,” Kanji said. “I mentioned I was watching it, and they just lit up.”
“Of course,” Goro said.
During the less interesting filler episodes, Goro grabbed a book of crossword puzzles he
recently bought and began solving them. He ignored the smirk Kanji sent in his direction.
Crossword puzzles weren’t a hobby; it was just something to keep him entertained while
Yellow Owl and Blue Swan tried to get a cat down from a tree.
But, more often than not, Goro didn’t need the crossword puzzles at all. The episodes
continued to be genuinely interesting as the relationships between the characters continued to
develop.
Black Condor probably had the record for making the worst possible decisions. Not only was
he reckless, he refused to tell anyone about any of his problems. He even went as far as to
investigate the villain’s lair on his own.
“Why doesn’t he tell anyone?” Goro asked. “He’s going to get himself killed.”
“Doesn’t trust them, I guess,” Kanji said.
“After all they’ve been through?” Goro snapped. “He has no reason to mistrust them. If he
dies, they won’t even know where he’s gone.”
A small part of Goro knew he was being a hypocrite. He pushed that part of him away.
As Goro predicted, Black Condor did not survive his foray into the enemy base. They were
halfway through the funeral when Goro’s eyes started to get heavy. Wasn’t this show meant
for children? Why had they killed off a major character…

A soft and unfamiliar weight was suddenly sitting on top of Goro. Goro’s eyes snapped open
to see Tatsumi putting a blanket on top of a sleeping Kanji. The television was off. The
unfamiliar weight that had woken Goro up was also a blanket.
Tatsumi didn’t seem to have noticed that Goro woke up. She left the living room and
theoretically went to her own bedroom.
Funny, Goro hadn’t even realized he’d fallen asleep. And why would Tatsumi bother
worrying about getting them blankets?
Well, Goro wasn’t likely to be attacked if Kanji was in the room with him. And he was
exhausted.
Goro closed his eyes and fell back asleep.
Hierophant Arcana: Rank 6

Goro’s culture festival wasn’t until mid November. Yasogami High clearly operated on a
slightly different schedule, because the rest of the group had their culture festival on the final
week of October.
“Teddie had the bright idea of signing us all up for the beauty pageant,” Chie said scathingly
a few days prior. “But we got our revenge by signing the boys up for the cross dressing one.”
“Don’t remind me,” Yosuke groaned.
“Is Teddie competing?” Goro asked immediately.
“That’s right!” cheered Teddie.
“I bet one thousand yen that Teddie’s going to win.”
Yu narrowed his eyes. “Are you trying to challenge me?”
“Well, I’m not accepting that challenge,” Kanji said. “I don't stand a chance against Teddie.
Guy looks like he was made to be ridiculously pretty.”
“Aw, thank you Kanji-kun,” Teddie said. “You see, Sensei? It’s just no good to challenge a
master.”
“Five thousand yen,” Yu told Goro. “Teddie’s going down.”
It would take a miracle for anyone to beat Teddie. Goro wouldn’t even be angry if Yu ended
up beating him. As a matter of fact, he’d pay money to see how he pulled it off.
“You have a deal.”

“I’m starting to get the feeling our revenge isn’t making the boys as upset as they should be,”
Yukiko said sadly.
“Those two don’t speak for me!” Yosuke squawked.
“Well, it could be kind of fun,” Kanji said. “Just laugh with the crowd, right?”
Judging from Yosuke’s horrified expression, he would be doing nothing of the sort.
On Sunday, Goro visited Yasogami High. The pageants wouldn’t start until about midday, but
Goro assumed that the rest of the team were busy preparing for their respective pageants.
Goro wandered around school to occupy himself in the intervening time.
He hadn’t expected to see a blue tent sitting in the middle of the hall.
“The long nosed fortune teller,” Goro read out loud, raising his eyebrows in derision.
There was no way. It had to be a coincidence.
Disregarding his doubts, Goro stepped inside the Velvet Room, or Goro supposed it could
only really be considered a tent.
Margaret and Elizabeth stood on each side of Igor, who sat behind his famous round table.
Tarot cards were laid out on the table’s surface.
“Welcome,” Margaret said. “Would you like your fortune read?”
“Is this allowed?” Goro asked.
“I’m sure I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Elizabeth said. “We’re only participating
in this culture festival so that we can guide any lost humans, such as yourself.”
“I don’t think I want my fortune read,” Goro said. “I can’t believe you three are here.”
Igor’s eyes twinkled. “There’s much to be said from new experiences,” he said. “Take the
fool card, for instance.”
“Infinite possibilities,” Goro said. “And one of them involves a portable Velvet Room. I’ll
bear that in mind for if that information ever becomes useful.”
“You never know when shadowed rumors become a reality,” Igor said. He flipped over one
of the cards. It was the tower arcana. “It’s always best to be prepared.”
“I don’t believe it,” Goro said. He started stepping out of the tent. “Admit it, this is your idea
of fun.”
Igor chuckled behind him.
Goro glanced at Yu’s classroom and discovered that it was a group dating cafe. Goro prayed
it wasn’t Yosuke’s idea and headed back toward the ground floor. He spotted Nanako and

Dojima walking past the lockers.
“Dojima-san,” Goro said, approaching them. “What a pleasant surprise.”
“Well, we’ve been looking forward to this,” Dojima said, smiling. “Especially Nanako.”
“I’ve been helping Big Bro practice with his makeup!” Nanako said proudly. “He’s going to
beat Teddie for sure!”
“Do you know much about makeup?” Goro asked, surprised.
“Well, not really,” Nanako admitted. “We’ve been experimenting together.”
“I gotta admit, I was surprised when I heard about the pageant at first,” Dojima said. “But
then he told me that he has to beat Teddie for the sake of the girls?”
“That’s the first I’ve heard of it,” Goro said. “Last I checked, he only wanted to beat Teddie
for the sake of the five thousand yen we bet.”
Dojima chuckled and shook his head as he glanced down at his watch. “We should start
heading for the gym. Looks like it’s going to start pretty soon.”
They stood in the back of the crowd. Dojima probably had the same idea Goro did. Nanako
didn’t need to be overhearing whatever unsavory comments the students would inevitably
make during the entire affair.
Nanako was impressed with everyone’s outfits, except for maybe Yosuke’s. Goro had the
feeling that Chie had intentionally botched Yosuke’s hair. Even if Teddie was the one who put
their names down for the beauty pageant, Chie had suspected Yosuke had something to do
with it. Goro thought Yosuke would have come forward by now if he had.
When Yu came on stage, it was safe to say that the entire crowd was blown away. His gray
wig was long and curled, looking very similar in style to Mitsuru’s hair. As a matter of fact,
Goro was pretty sure that Yu was wearing Mitsuru’s clothes from her highschool days. Had
Yu seriously called Mitsuru over this?
Regardless of his methods, Yu legitimately looked like a woman. Goro was struck with the
memory of the time Akira had shown up looking like a completely different person,
practically gleeful over his impressive cross-dressing job.
“I’ll be damned,” Dojima said. “I didn’t think he could pull it off.”
“Wow,” Nanako whispered. “He’s pretty.”
Teddie stepped onto the stage, but where he looked like a pretty girl, Yu looked like a
gorgeous woman. Goro wasn’t even all that upset about the five thousand yen he would have
to hand over to Yu after this.
Nanako, naturally, voted for Yu. Goro did too, even though it was an act of self sabotage. He
hadn’t forgotten what Dojima said about Yu wanting to protect the girls from something.

“The votes are in, and it was a fierce battle between our strongest competitors,” the
announcer said. “But it looks like our model from the city won the day!”
It turned out that the prize for winning was choosing the theme of the girl’s pageant. Goro
now understood what Yu meant. Teddie had been doing better about not repeating whatever
lewd comment he heard from the television, but knowing him, he’d unthinkingly chose a
bathing suit theme or something similar without hesitation.
Yu looked at the crowd with a deadpan expression. “Business attire.”
Even from the back of the crowd, Goro could spot Naoto standing in front of the stage. She
was so obviously relieved she looked about ready to cry.
Needless to say, Naoto won the girl’s pageant.
After the pageants, everyone got back into their ordinary clothing and met up outside the
gym. Nanako rushed up to Yu and gave him her congratulations. Yu held his hand out toward
Goro expectantly.
Goro sighed. “Well done,” he said. He pulled five thousand yen out of his wallet and handed
it over. “But why the hell did you ask Mitsuru for help?”
“I already contact her to get new weapons when ours are wearing out,” Yu said. “And my
honor was at stake.”
“I can’t believe I didn’t win,” Teddie said woefully.
“You’ll live,” Yosuke said, entirely unforgiving. “I’m so glad it’s over.”
“You can say that again,” Chie said. “I thought I was going to die when all of the boys started
whispering about my outfit.”
“I want to get that Kashiwagi woman fired,” Yukiko said darkly.
“Y-yukiko-senpai,” Kanji said, his eyes wide.
“No, she’s right,” Rise said. “It’s an insult that we’re forced to compete when someone signs
you up, Teddie.”
Teddie sighed. “I’m sorry. I thought it would be funny.”
“I never want to do something like that ever again,” Naoto said, pinching the bridge of her
nose.
Dojima’s phone began ringing. He glanced at the number and sighed. “Hold on a minute, I
have to take this.”
Yu frowned deeply as Dojima stepped away from the group. Dojima’s frown deepened as he
spoke, and he raised his voice frustratedly.

“He has work,” Nanako said, disappointment obvious in her tone.
“But he said he took the day off,” Yu said irritatedly.
“Obviously Dojima’s boss disagrees,” Yosuke said, crossing his arms.
Dojima hung up and walked back up to the group, still looking frustrated. “I’ve got to make a
business trip to the prefectural office, and I won't be back until tomorrow. Shame it had to fall
during your school's Culture Festival. Nanako and I were both looking forward to it...Sorry to
dump this on you, but could you show Nanako around?”
Judging by Dojima’s extremely unhappy expression, Dojima would have gotten out of the
meeting if he could have. Goro couldn’t be too angry at him for that, even if Dojima’s sudden
departure was beyond frustrating.
Bad things turned to good things, though, because they agreed to spend the night at the
Amagi Inn with Nanako. Nanako looked thrilled at the idea of going to the hot springs, which
meant she was distracted from Dojima’s absence.
The room Yukiko got for the boys was much larger than the room Goro stayed in when he
was residing at the Inn. Apart from the obvious difference of it having four futons prepared, it
also had a large table that could feed an entire family.
“I saw that your class had a group date cafe,” Goro said as they sat around the table and
began dealing out cards for a game. “What was that all about?”
“I put it down as a joke,” Yosuke said remorsefully. “I didn’t realize anyone would actually
vote for it.”
“And then we had to act it out to get traction,” Kanji said. “For a minute there, I thought Yu
and Yosuke were going to kiss.”
Yu raised his eyebrows and smirked. “Maybe we were.”
Yosuke sputtered. “D-dude!”
Teddie gasped. “I bet you were very impressed by Yu-kun’s outfit today, Yosuke–”
“We are not talking about this!” Yosuke’s voice raised in pitch, and he was obviously
blushing. “Can we hurry up and start playing already?”
They played for a few hours. Goro glanced at the clock. “It should be the men’s turn for the
hot springs if you want to take a bath,” he said.
They headed down to the hot spring only to find that the girls were already there. All five of
them looked about ready to murder, including Nanako, before Yukiko’s eyes widened.
“Oh, wait, we got the times wrong,” she said. “Sorry.”

The boys were forced to leave while the others got out of the water and changed. Overall, the
exchange was embarrassing, but Goro was grateful Yukiko owned up to the mistake before
actually attacked them.
After their bath, they returned to their room. They were thinking about getting into bed when
woman’s sobbing echoed from an unknown location.
“Holy shit!” Kanji exclaimed. “What the hell was that?”
“Could it be?” Teddie asked. “Is this place haunted?”
“D-don’t be ridiculous.” Yosuke chuckled nervously. “Why would it be haunted?”
“The talismans hanging on the ceiling are probably for Yamano,” Goro said. “It’s no wonder
we have such a large room. This must have been the room she died in.”
Yu nodded helpfully.
“Oh come on!” Yosuke said. “I’ve been trying to block it out, and now you had to go out and
say it. Why would you do this to me?”
“Ghosts aren’t real,” Yu said helpfully.
“How can you say that so confidently when time travel and jumping into TVs is real?” Kanji
snapped.
“If ghosts were real, I’d have been haunted by one by now,” Goro said. “Frequently.”
“Maybe you’re just blocking yourself off from the truth,” Yosuke said.
The woman’s sobbing continued. Teddie sniffed. “I can’t sleep like this! I’m going to Yukichan’s room!”
“You are not,” Goro snapped. “Poor Nanako is probably trying to sleep right now.”
“O-oh, that’s a good point,” Kanji said. “And yeah, from experience, barging into the girls
room only leads to more pain.”
Why the hell did Kanji have experience in that field?
“Then what are we supposed to do?” Teddie demanded.
“I don’t think I can sleep like this,” Yosuke agreed.
“Look, if you’re so afraid of the ghost, just say some jokes or something,” Goro said. “You
like making stupid jokes, don’t you?”
“I do like stupid jokes,” Teddie agreed, his eyes lit up. “Maybe the jokes will make the ghost
feel better, and she’ll go away!”

“I… I’m not sure that’s how it works,” Yosuke said.
“It’s better than raiding the girls room,” Yu pointed out.
“That is true.”
“Okay, okay, I’ll go first,” Teddie said eagerly. “What is a ghost’s favorite dessert?”
“That’s original,” Kanji said sarcastically. “Ice cream, right?”
“You got it!” Teddie winked. “What about a ghost’s favorite fruit?”
“Booberries?” Yosuke asked dryly.
“You guys are good at this,” Teddie said. “I worked really hard coming up with those.”
No one had the heart to tell Teddie that his jokes were some of the most common jokes in
circulation among school children.
“Do all of our jokes have to be ghost themed?” Kanji asked. “Because I think I’m going to
fall short there.”
“What do you call a middle schooler back from the dead?” Goro asked in a deadpan tone of
voice.
“I don’t know, what?” Teddie asked immediately.
Goro pointed to himself.
There was an unimpressed silence.
And then, inexplicably, Teddie started laughing his head off.
“That was terrible,” Kanji said. “Are we allowed to laugh?”
“That was–” Teddie gasped for air. “--the worst joke I’ve ever heard.”
Goro cracked a smile. “I think I’m allowed to joke about it when I’m the victim.”
“There was barely even a punchline,” Yu said.
As they continued to pass jokes around between them, they forgot about the crying woman.
The crying woman must have forgotten about them too, because eventually the sound
stopped.
Later they learned that a devastated Kashiwagi and Hanako had roomed above them. Yukiko
said they were probably crying because they lost to Naoto in the pageant.
Goro knew ghosts weren’t real.
Sometimes he wished they were.

Aeon Arcana: Rank 6

Chapter End Notes

Y’all I forgot how much of a hassle it is to post chapters on the phone I’m dying here
Also I’m skipping the band on the roof part bc I said so
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments <3

Chapter 70: November 4–5, 2011
Chapter Summary

If I had a nickel for every time I posted a devastating chapter in Florida on a Thursday
I would have two nickels
But I can count on my fingers the number of times I’ve been in Florida so

Chapter Notes

Tw: kidnapping, injuries, throwing up, illness, implied/referenced child abuse and
neglect, ptsd

See the end of the chapter for more notes

It started raining more violently in November. People began to talk about how strange the
weather and fog was becoming.
When Goro and Kanji checked the midnight channel a few days into the month, they saw an
extremely blurry figure. The only thing Goro could make out about them was that they were
small.
When the group met up to talk about it, they couldn’t figure out who the person was. No
child had made a surprise appearance on the television recently. The most they could do was
agree to check the midnight channel again that night. Hopefully, the image would become
clearer.
They also agreed to keep a closer eye on Dojima’s tracker. If someone else got kidnapped,
this time was imperative to confirming whether or not Dojima was the killer.
For both Nanako and Yu’s sakes, Goro hoped that he wasn’t.

Akihiko arrived home from work to find Shinji already working on dinner.
“Got off work early, huh?” he asked.
“You could say that,” Shinji said. He coughed before continuing to chop a carrot with careful
precision.

“What, did they give you a mandatory sick day again?”
“Well, you know how they are– shit.” Shinji accidentally grazed his finger. The cut didn’t
look too deep, but Akihiko hurried to their first aid supply hiding under the sink.
“You should really be more careful,” Akihiko snapped as he grabbed some gauze.
‘Yeah… I’m the worst…” Shinji sounded dizzy.
Akihiko spun around. Shinji had put his knife down and was clinging onto the counter tightly.
His face was sheet white.
“Shinji?” Akihiko asked. His stomach felt like it had twisted his chest up in knots.
“Nothing to worry about.” Shinjiro scowled, but he blinked like he couldn’t quite see what
was in front of him. “Just a dizzy spell.”
He collapsed without another word.

Their kotatsu was broken. Nanako was especially distressed by this, in spite of Yu assuring
her they could go out and buy another one. When Dojima came home that night, she ran up to
him and told him the news immediately.
“Shouldn’t you already be in bed?” Dojima asked. It was a fair question. It was already half
past ten.
“Dad, the kotatsu’s broken. Can me and big bro buy a new one?”
Dojima looked distracted by a piece of paper in his hand, but he still answered Nanako’s
question. “The kotatsu… oh, it is that time of year, isn’t it? The weather sure has been odd
lately.”
“Mhm,” Nanako said.
Dojima mustered up a smile. “All right, I’ll leave it to you. Get whichever kind you want.”
He was still staring at the envelope. Nanako asked about it before Yu could get the words out.
“Is that a letter?” she asked.
Dojima turned to Yu and held out the envelope. “It’s for you, but…”
Just like the previous warning letter, there was no return addressee or address. It was just
titled: To Narukami Yu.
Yu’s heart dropped all the way to the bottom of his stomach as he took the envelope. Aware
of Dojima’s burning gaze over his shoulder, he opened the letter and read the single sentence
scrawled on the piece of paper.

if you dont stop this time someone close will be put in and killed
Yu was going to be sick. Did this have something to do with the new person on the midnight
channel? Did whoever was threatening him want to make sure that this victim actually died?
“Hey, what the hell is this?!” Dojima demanded.
Dojima snatched the letter from Yu’s hands. Yu couldn’t tell if he was panicked or angry as
he read the sentence over and over.
“I knew something was up when there wasn’t any return address,” Dojima muttered. He
looked up from the letter and stared at Yu with a grim expression. “So I was right. You are
involved in this case. What are you up to?”
Yu opened his mouth, but no words came out. He wasn’t sure if it was the shock of the letter,
or Dojima’s anger, or if the stress of the case beginning to boil over. All he knew was that if
he said a single word, he was sure he’d lose composure.
Dojima was still waiting expectantly. Nanako looked like she was about to cry.
“I– I don’t know what’s going on,” Yu forced out hoarsely.
It was technically the truth. But it wasn’t the truth that Dojima was looking for, and Yu knew
it.
“So, you’re not going to be honest with me,” Dojima said. “I’ve been treating you like
family, so I didn’t push you on this. But I see now that was a mistake, I should have
intervened sooner because I care about you.”
His words stung, but Dojima was right. Yu hadn’t been honest. And now someone he cared
for might be hurt.
“D-dad,” Nanako said, obviously scared.
Dojima sighed. “We’ll continue this somewhere else, but I’m not letting you leave until I’m
convinced, got that? This is for your own good.” He turned to Nanako and tried to smile. He
wasn’t very convincing. “Don’t worry. We’re not fighting. We’ll be right back, so don’t wait
up for us to go to bed, alright?”
Nanako glanced at Yu for comfort. Yu stood up and tried to hide the trembling in his hands.
“We’ll be back soon,” he said, trying to inject some courage into his voice. He wasn’t quite
sure which he was more afraid of. The ransom letter or Dojima himself. Dojima would never
hurt him, but Yu hadn’t quite seen him this pissed before.
He said he was worried.
His parents had said a lot of things were for his own good. In hindsight, Yu wasn’t really sure
that was true at all.

“Okay,” Nanako said. “I’ll be waiting.”

Chie and Yukiko were on Dojima-watch that night.
“Um, is it just me, or is Dojima going back to the station?” Chie asked as she stared at the
little dot that represented the tracker. It could be her imagination. She was feeling really
sleepy already.
Yukiko looked just as confused as Chie felt, though, so that was a good sign that Chie wasn’t
imagining things.
“But he just got back,” Yukiko said.
“But this is totally the route he takes to get to the station,” Chie pointed out. She frowned.
She wasn’t sure anything like this had ever happened before. “Maybe we should call Yu and
ask him what’s going on.”
“Good idea.”
Yukiko pulled out her phone and dialed Yu’s number. They waited with their breaths held, but
they got no response.
Yukiko called again.
Still no response.
Chie called.
Still no response.
“Okay, now I’m really worried,” Chie said.
“I’ll call the others and tell them what’s going on,” Yukiko said. “You should go back to the
house and check on Nanako-chan, at least.”
“Sounds like a plan.” Chie jumped to her feet and tried to ignore the anxiety buzzing in her
stomach. “I’m sure his phone just ran out of batteries, right?”
“Probably,” Yukiko said, but she didn’t look like she believed it. Chie didn’t really believe it
either.

Dojima took Yu’s phone away. Yu was suddenly gripped with a fresh anxiety.
“We just left Nanako alone,” Yu said. “Can’t I send one of my friends to look after her?”

“When you guys are all involved in the case in some way?” Dojima demanded as they pulled
into the station. “I don’t think so.”
“But they’ll protect her–”
“Or you guys will attract unwanted attention toward her,” Dojima said. “Nanako knows not
to answer the door for strangers. She can take care of herself for the hopefully short amount
of time we’re going to be gone.”
Yu shut his mouth. The writer of the note had said to stop rescuing, so he probably wouldn’t
make a move until after they attempted to rescue whoever was on the midnight channel. They
had time.
Please let them have time.

Kanji and Goro were watching Featherman while they waited for the midnight channel to
come on. Therefore, they both jumped when Kanji’s ringtone started blaring without
warning.
“It’s just Yukiko-senpai,” Kanji said after glancing at the caller ID.
Goro paused the video. “Isn’t she watching Dojima-san with Chie?”
Kanji paled as he answered the phone. “Kanji here… what do you mean–”
Goro’s phone started ringing as well, but it wasn’t anyone from the Investigation Team.
Instead, Akihiko’s caller ID blinked violently at him.
A quiet dread started gathering within Goro. He stepped away from Kanji and answered the
phone.
“Is everything alright?” Goro asked.
Akihiko didn’t answer immediately, and the quiet static of the phone was his only response.
“Akihiko!” Goro snapped. The dread welled up within him and made him as tense as one of
Yukari’s bowstrings. “Is everything alright?”
“Shinji’s been hospitalized,” Akihiko said.
“Oh my god.” Goro pressed his hand against the wall to steady himself. “What are the
doctors saying?”
“It’s not looking good,” Akihiko said. “He probably only has a few more days to live, and
that’s being optimistic.”
“You’re joking.” Goro shut his eyes tightly. “This is just some sick joke.”

“You think I would joke about this?” Akihiko demanded. “I know that it’s late and you
probably can’t make tonight’s train. But just try to get here as soon as possible.”
“Of course,” Goro whispered. He pushed himself off the wall and hurried out of Kanji’s
room. He ignored Kanji’s asking where he was going behind him. “Is he… can you hand the
phone to him?”
There was a brief pause, and Shinjiro’s ragged voice came on the other side of the line. “Hey,
dumbass.”
“I’m coming as soon as I can,” Goro said. He yanked his suitcase out of his closet. “So don’t
you dare die before I get there, got that?”
An exhausted chuckle. “Wouldn’t dream of it. You’d kill me from beyond the grave.”
Goro kept Shinjiro on speaker phone as he frantically packed his bags.

Yu and Dojima sat on opposite sides of a gray table. Adachi stood awkwardly behind Yu.
“Alright, speak up,” Dojima said. “What have you gotten yourself into? What was that
warning letter about? Why would someone be sending you something like that?”
For a brief, ridiculous second, Yu considered telling Dojima it was just a prank. That one of
his classmates had it out for him and that it probably was all it was.
Yu discarded the possibility immediately. There was no point. If the others’ theory was right,
and Dojima was the one really behind this–something that seemed less and less likely by the
second– then he already knew the truth. And if he wasn’t the culprit, then it wasn’t fair to lie
to him any longer.
So, Yu took a deep breath, opened his mouth, and told him everything. He explained the
Midnight Channel. He explained that the killer had been shoving people inside televisions.
He explained personas and how they rescued the victims from their own selves. He explained
all of it.
Dojima didn’t say a thing during Yu’s entire explanation. And when Yu had told him
everything he could even think was worth mentioning, the disappointed expression on
Dojima’s face made it obvious that Dojima didn’t believe him at all.
“Persona… people going inside TVs?” Dojima massaged his eyes, and Yu felt inexplicably
guilty. “I thought you’d finally tell me what was going on. After a year… I don’t expect you
to trust me like your old man, but I thought you’d at least tell me the truth.”
“This is the truth,” Yu said. The only part he had omitted was the part where everyone
suspected Dojima was the killer.
“Are you seriously going to look me in the eyes and try to convince me that people can go
inside TVs?” Dojima asked. He stood up and started to walk toward the door. “That sort of

thing is impossible.” He paused. “Stay here for the night.”
And then fear, anxiety, and guilt turned into rage. Yu was so tired of suspecting Dojima, so
tired of being afraid of his own family, and now, when Yu took a risk and told him
everything, Dojima wasn’t even going to believe him?
Yu jumped to his feet and stormed up to the television sitting in the back corner of the room.
He turned, looked a startled Dojima in the eye, and shoved his hand through it without
another word.
The silence was deafening. Adachi gaped.
“Holy shit,” he whispered.
“I trust you more than I trust either of my parents,” Yu whispered, not removing his hand
from the television. Dojima only stared with his mouth slightly open. “And I’m not afraid to
look you in the eyes and tell you the fucking truth.”

Chie ran all the way to Nanako’s house and skidded to a halt in front of the door.
She rang the doorbell, forcing herself to calm down. She had gotten to Nanako-chan’s house,
and it didn’t look like anyone had done any breaking and entering. With any luck, Nanako
had already fallen asleep, and that was why she wasn’t answering the door immediately. That,
or she had gone with Yu and Dojima-san.
Blessedly, the door finally opened. Nanako didn’t look thrilled to see Chie.
“Why are you here?” Nanako asked.
“Um, your big bro sent me!” Chie lied. She hoped that Yu actually had gone with Dojimasan, or Chie was about to be caught as the biggest liar out there. “He wanted to make sure
someone was watching you while he and Dojima-san were away.”
“Oh,” Nanako said. “Dad made it sound like no one was coming over. He said I should put
myself to bed.”
“Well, I’m here to protect you while you sleep.” Chie stepped inside and shut the door behind
her. She forced back the urge to yawn.
“I’m not tired,” Nananko said.
“That’s okay!” Chie put her hands on her hips. “How about we watch the television instead?”
Dojima might kill Chie later, but Chie would rather have Nanako happy than sad and alone in
her bedroom.
Unfortunately, Nanako didn’t look quite as cheered up as Chie hoped she would be.
“Alright,” Nanako said.

They sat down at the television, and Chie tried to figure out the best way to ask Nanako why
Yu and Dojima had left in the first place. When she finally did ask, Nanako just shook her
head.
“Dad and Big Bro got in a fight, and Dad took him to the station,” she said. “He said he’d be
back soon.”
Chie hoped that was true, but it wasn’t sounding good.

“You’re making a racket,” Shinjiro said. “You don’t really think you’re going to make it to
the train in time? It’s…” He coughed. “It’s practically midnight.”
“Shut up, shut up, shut up,” Goro said breathlessly. It was practically a mantra. “You don’t
get to judge me, you don’t get to–”
Goro clung to the phone as he shoved practically all of the shirts in his drawer into his
suitcase. The midnight channel buzzed alive on the television behind him.
Goro turned toward the television. Even in his panic, he couldn’t ignore a potential murder
victim.
Unlike yesterday, the silhouette was completely unmistakable. How many times had Goro
seen those pigtails in the recent months?
Nanako.
He dropped his phone. It clattered loudly against the floor.
“Goro?” Shinjiro’s weak voice sounded panicked. “Goro? What’s wrong?”
Goro scooped up his phone and fought back the swell of panic that threatened to swallow him
whole.
“I have to go,” he said. He hung up before he could even think to apologize.

Quiz shows were painfully boring. And Chie hadn’t slept that much the night before, and
running all that distance to Nanako’s house had worn her out.
Needless to say, as the clock ticked down to midnight, she was getting really sleepy. The kind
of sleepy that made it really difficult to keep her eyes open, much less actually stay awake.
“Are you okay, Chie-chan?” Nanako asked, because she was the sweetest angel to cross into
the mortal plane.
“I’m–” Chie yawned explosively. “I’m fine. Don’t worry about me.”

“You can rest if you want,” Nanako said. “I’m fine on my own.”
“That would be–” Chie yawned again. “--that would just be irresponsible.”
Maybe Chie should have had Yukiko come with her to watch Nanako. As a matter of fact,
she should text someone.
Chie pulled out her phone and opened up Yukiko’s contact. She started to formulate a
message, but her fine motor skills seemed to be lacking–
Chie heard a doorbell ringing in the distance. She blinked rapidly and realized her face was
pressed awkwardly against half of a pillow.
“Oops, looks like I fell asleep after all,” Chie said. She sat up and rubbed the back of her
head.
“I can get the door,” Nanako said. “It’s just the delivery man. I can see his truck through the
window.”
“No, no, I should get it,” Chie said. She stood up and walked to the front door before Nanako
could get there. Nanako stepped to the side, looking somewhat disappointed. “Better safe
than sorry, right?”
Nanako nodded reluctantly. Chie opened the door.
There was… no delivery man.
Someone shoved a rag over Chie’s mouth. Chie felt suddenly dizzy. She tried to push back
against her assailant, but he just pushed her against the floor. Her back hit the ground
violently, and all of the air was pushed from her lungs.
Shit… was this how the others felt when they were taken? This was the absolute worst.
Nanako was crying.
No… no… Chie had to protect her. She blinked the darkness from her eyes furiously. She
jumped to her feet, swallowing back the feeling of wanting to pass out. She had to get
Nanako first.
Chie ran outside and spun around searching for any sign of Nanako. Nobody was in the front
yard.
“Nanako-chan?!” Chie called out. “Delivery… delivery-truck bastard! Come out here!”
No response. Chie started to run up to the truck parked in front of the house.
Chie had only made it a few stumbling steps when the delivery truck roared to life. It skid
around the corner at a speed that had to be illegal.

This couldn’t be happening. Had the delivery truck driver just kidnapped Nanako-chan? That
was crazy, right? Maybe Nanako had just decided to spontaneously play hide and seek with
her.
But why would the door be slightly open?
Chie fumbled for her phone. She had to call someone about this. Anyone, really.
She threw up all over the sidewalk before she hit the call button.

“Naoto-kun!” Chie practically cried. She sounded somewhat ill. “Do you know Dojima-san’s
number?”
Naoto was already running out of her house and through the rain, struggling to keep hold of
her umbrella. She was trying to get to Nanako’s house as quickly as possible to assist Chie in
keeping watch.
She had never predicted that Nanako would be the one to appear on the midnight channel.
Although Nanako was mentioned by name in a newspaper article about the man who
interviewed elementary schoolers about the fog, she hadn’t appeared on the television.
Naoto shouldn’t have let her guard down.
“Yes, but is now really the time–”
“I saw the guy who took her!” Chie’s voice reached an impressively high pitch, and Naoto
grimaced.
“What?” Naoto asked breathlessly. “You mean Nanako-chan’s already gone? Don’t you
normally get more time than this?”
“Now’s not the time for this! It was a delivery truck driver! I saw him speed away from
Nanako’s house!”
Chie was right. Now wasn’t the time for whys and what ifs. Saving Nanako was their priority.
“Thank you,” Naoto said, running into a puddle and splashing water all over her pant leg.
“Call the others.”
Naoto hung up on Chie and dialed Dojima’s number with trembling fingers. It was difficult to
see the numbers in the darkness and rain while simultaneously running, but she couldn’t stop.
She had to keep going.

Dojima hadn’t said a word since Yu put his hand in the television. Yu yanked it out right
before it struck midnight.

And then Nanako was on the midnight channel.
“Wait a minute,” Dojima said. “That’s Nanako! What the hell is she doing on the television?
Didn’t you say they had to show up on the TV first?”
“I-I don’t know,” Yu said. Yu hadn’t even realized it was possible for the day to get even
worse than it already was. “I need my phone.”
“And let you guys can go in that television and risk your lives?” Dojima asked. He pulled his
phone out. “Damnit, I need to call Nanako, make sure she’s okay.”
Yu held his breath as they waited for Nanako to pick up.
She didn’t.
Dojima swore just as his phone began ringing.
“Is it Nanako-chan?” Adachi asked hopefully.
“No,” Dojima said. “It’s Shirogane.” He picked up the phone with an irate expression. “What
the hell is going on, Shirogane?” His expression was taut. “A delivery truck? How did she
know… actually, you know what, never mind.”
He hung up on Naoto and ran to the phone sitting on the table. He slammed his hand over one
of the buttons.
“Traffic division, Ohta speaking.”
“There’s been a kidnapping! Get your men on it immediately! The victim was seen taken in a
delivery truck! Start with checkpoints on the highway!”
“Checkpoints?! Um, sir, could you tell me a bit more about what’s going on–”
“Quit griping and get on it!” Dojima shouted. “The victim is a seven-year-old girl, my
daughter!”
“Your daughter?! Sir, how do you know this is a kidnapping–”
“Is now the time to be arguing?” Dojima looked about ready to punch the phone. Yu had half
a mind to do it himself. “It’s connected to the multiple murder case!”
“The murder case? But, sir, we caught the culprit. Do you have any proof? Any ransom
letters or notices?”
“My nephew just received a letter tonight,” Dojima said. “So stop arguing and get on it!”
“Um, yes sir!”
“Even if you tell them its connected to the case, you can’t prove it,” Adachi said. “And
everyone thinks the case is over and done with– sir! Where are you going?”

Dojima was already running to the door.
“What does it look like?” Dojima snapped. “I’m gonna look for my daughter!”
Dojima slammed the door shut behind him before Adachi could say another word in protest.
Yu began to run after him.
“Now, wait a minute,” Adachi said, grabbing Yu’s arm. “Where the hell do you think you’re
going?”
“I need to talk to the others–”
The entire team burst through the door. Adachi backed away in alarm.
“We just saw Dojima-san running in the opposite direction,” Yosuke said. “Do you think
they’ll catch him in time?”
“We don’t even know who this he is!” Adachi exclaimed. “All of you need to calm down.”
“Calm down?” Kanji shouted. “Quit your bitching and pull yourself together! Yu’s only
family is in danger, and you want us to calm down?”
“Please, let us look for her,” Yosuke begged.
“Adachi-san’s right,” Naoto said. “We won’t be any help if we don’t try to look at this
logically.”
“What is there to look at?” Goro asked icily. Yu had never heard him sound so angry. “We
know the kidnapper is a delivery truck driver. How many delivery trucks do you think are
driving around in Inaba at this time of day?”
“But if we figure out who, it might give us an even bigger advantage,” Naoto said. “Adachisan, who is connected to the case that might also be involved in the delivery service?”
Adachi was visibly sweating. “Um, I don’t know… wait a minute! I did see something in the
case files. Something about a delivery truck driver… it was connected to the first murder!”
He handed Naoto the case file. Naoto’s eyes widened. “Taro Namatame.”
“Wasn’t he a council secretary though?” Rise asked.
“But his family runs a delivery truck business!” Naoto said urgently. “He returned to the
business after he lost his job in the scandal!”
“Oh my god,” Adachi said. “I need to speak to Dojima-san.”
“So we know what type of delivery truck to look for,” Kanji said. “Great. What now?”

“It should give us a lead of where to look to next,” Naoto said. She peered at the case file.
“The address isn’t far from here!”
“Then what are we waiting for?” Goro snapped. “Let’s get the hell out of here.”
They didn’t wait for Adachi to give them permission, but Adachi was already hurrying out of
the building himself.

The rain was finally letting up. This turned out to be a small miracle, because it let them see
the smoke billowing in the distance.
“The hell… Is that smoke?” Kanji asked.
“You don’t think Dojima-san…” Yukiko said, looking sick.
If Dojima or Nanako died, Goro was going to kill something. Preferable Namatame.
Needless to say, they ran toward the source of the smoke. Adachi was already at the scene.
Namatame’s truck was leaning off the side of the road, and Dojima’s car looked as though it
had smacked straight into it.
Dojima was collapsed against the asphalt. Adachi was trying to tend to him.
“Dojima-san! Are you alright?”
Dojima tried to get to his feet, but the most he could do was sit up. “Where’s… Nanako?”
Naoto was already on her phone, calling the ambulance. Goro turned toward Namatame’s
truck. It was smoking less badly than Dojima’s car, but it was obvious it had also sustained
damage. He ran to the driver’s seat to see if Namatame was unconscious, but nobody was
there.
“Somebody check the back compartment!” Goro shouted.
“There’s nobody there,” Adachi said. “I need to call backup.”
“Nanako…” Dojima said slightly more loudly. “Where’s Nanako?”
“What happened?” Chie asked. Her face was paler than usual, and she leaned against Yukiko
for support.
“...was on my way to Namatame’s house… when I saw him drive past me… gave chase…
and he.. Damnit… where’s Nanako? And Namatame? You have to find them.”
“Save your strength, Dojima-san,” Yukiko said.
Goro couldn’t breathe. Dojima looked like he was lying on death’s door as he fought for
every breath. Yu’s face was so pale that Goro wondered if he was about to collapse.

Takeharu had died like this. Practically on this same exact day two years ago. Takeharu had
died before Goro ever maxed his social link, and now Dojima was dying, and Shinjiro was
dying, and Goro didn’t know what to do–
“Maybe there are clues in the truck,” Yosuke said frantically.
“No, you can’t!” Adachi snapped. “We have to preserve the scene!”
“Then allow me,” Naoto said. “If it rains again, we’ll lose everything anyway.”
Naoto crawled into the back compartment. It was easy to spot the most important object
sitting in the back of the truck.
“It’s a TV!” Rise gasped.
“Anyone could fit through that thing,” Goro said. The screen was massive.
“Is that how Namatame did it?” Yu whispered. “He rang people’s doorbells, grabbed them,
and shoved them into the television in his truck?”
“I don’t remember seeing a delivery truck when I was taken,” Goro said.
“Maybe you just didn’t notice it?” Chie asked. “That’s kind of the entire point. He was hiding
in plain sight.”
There wasn’t any time to worry about this.
“I’ve also found a diary in the driver’s seat,” Naoto said. “Most likely kept by Namatame
himself.”
They gathered around Naoto as she read the pages. “I learned the existence of a new world.
Thus, I must save people..."
“Save?! What the hell’s that supposed to mean?” Kanji snapped.
“It’s a list of the victim’s home addresses,” Goro said, peering at the untidy scrawl. “Mine
isn’t included, but I suppose I didn’t have a home address at the time.”
The explanation for Goro’s absence from the list was logical, but something still felt out of
place. If Goro’s entire world wasn’t falling apart, maybe he’d investigate it further. As it was,
he didn’t particularly care about the logic of a killer.
“Everyone else is written on here,” Naoto said. “With the exception of Morooka-san.”
“Wow, then that settles it,” Adachi said.
“Is this last part about Nanako-chan?” Rise asked, pointing to the writing describing how
Namatame planned to “save” Nanako.

Naoto frowned as she read the final passage. "I managed to take her to safety. The police
have been active lately...This will probably be the last time I write in this diary. I've done
everything I can…”
“That means Nanako’s already in the TV world,” Yu said. “We need to go–”
“Wait!” Teddie exclaimed. “If we go in through that TV, who knows where we’ll end up!
What if we end up somewhere dangerous?”
“If I were Namatame,” Goro said. “I’d escape from the police through the television.”
“Oh my god, you think he really did that?” Chie asked.
“It’s what Kubo did, didn’t he?”
They were all so focused on the diary that none of them noticed that Dojima had gotten back
on his feet. Goro looked up to see Dojima already crawling into the back compartment.
“Dojima-san?” Adachi asked. “What are you doing?”
“You said Nanako went inside that television?” Dojima asked Naoto.
“Yes sir, but you really shouldn’t be moving around with your injuries.”
Dojima grit his teeth and limped further into the compartment.
It was suddenly obvious what he was about to do.
“No, Dojima-san, you can’t!” Yukiko exclaimed.
Adachi was already trying to grab hold of Dojima. Somehow, despite his injuries, Dojima
shoved him away. Adachi stumbled backwards.
“I don’t care how dangerous it is!” Dojima shouted. “I’m not leaving Nanako all alone with
that killer!”
Yu pushed his way past Adachi and raced after Dojima, but Dojima was closer to the
television. It only took a few more steps to fall in.
Yosuke grabbed Yu’s arms before Yu followed after him.
“Yosuke, let go of me,” Yu said, trying to push his way forward. Yosuke yanked him back.
“We can’t save three people,” Yosuke snapped.
“He’s going to die in there,” Yu said. “If we leave him in there, he’s going to die, and then
Nanako will be alone.”
“We’ll save him,” Yosuke said. “But we can’t do that without you.”

“Didn’t you see him?” Yu’s voice cracked. “He’s going to die, Yosuke. He’s already dying,
and who knows how long it’s going to take, he’s going to die, Nanako–”
Yu collapsed to his knees. Tears started falling heavy down his cheeks. He looked like he was
drowning.
“I can’t be alone again,” Yu sobbed. “I can’t… I can’t be alone again.”
Yosuke silently wrapped his arms around Yu in an embrace. Yu’s entire body shook as he
buried his face into Yosuke’s shoulder.
Goro looked away. He had half a mind to cry too.
His phone was still in his bedroom, completely forgotten.
“Kanji-kun,” Goro whispered. “I need to borrow your phone.”
Kanji was alarmed but too distracted to argue. He handed his phone over. Goro inputted
Akihiko’s number.
“Goro-kun?” Akihiko asked. “Shinji said you hung up in a hurry. What’s going on?”
Shinjiro was dying. He had a few days left at best. If Goro made this choice, he might never
get the chance to see Shinjiro ever again.
He never had freedom of knowing when his mother was going to die. He couldn’t sit by her
side.
He had this chance. He could be there for him.
But if Goro took this chance, there was no guarantee Dojima would make it out alive. No
guarantee Nanako would make it out alive, with the rain becoming more frequent.
Goro would never be able to forgive himself if he had the chance to save them.
“Goro-kun?” Akihiko asked again. “Are you alright?”
“I… I can’t come tomorrow,” Goro said hoarsely.
“What?”
“Nanako,” Goro said. “She’s just a little girl. Oh my god, Akihiko, she’s trapped in that
world, and her father is badly injured and trapped in there too, and if I leave and she dies, I
don’t know how I could live with myself.”
There was a pause. Akihiko was likely trying to wrap his mind around what Goro had just
said. “Okay,” Akihiko said. “I understand.”
“Can I talk to him?” Goro asked. “Is he asleep?”
“Not anymore,” Akihiko said.

“Hey, Goro,” Shinjiro said. “You good?”
And Goro had to explain the situation all over again. Akihiko helped, but he was obviously
still confused.
“I have to stay,” Goro said wretchedly.
“You’re damn right you have to,” Shinjiro said.
“What?”
“What did you expect me to say? Abandon the child? In what universe did you think I’d be
okay with that?”
“You’re dying.”
“I’ve made it this long, what’s a few more days?” Shinji said. “Mark my words. I won’t let
something like death take me until I know that kid isn’t going to join me.”
“Right.” Goro exhaled through his teeth. “She won’t.”

Chapter End Notes

Sorry for not answering last chapters comments but I simply did not have time. Please
know I read and appreciated all of them.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 71: November 5–6, 2011
Chapter Summary

More pain for everyone :D

Chapter Notes

tw: implied/referenced child neglect, referenced death, ptsd, injuries, hospitals

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Kanji and Goro returned home to an extremely worried Tatsumi.
“Where have you two been?” she asked. “You both left in such a hurry.”
Goro couldn’t say anything.
“Sorry, Ma,” Kanji said exhaustedly. “Yu’s little sister was kidnapped, and Dojima-san got in
a car wreck.”
“Oh my.” Tatsumi covered her mouth with her hand. “That’s horrible.”
“We’re sorry for worrying you,” Goro said. “I… need to sleep.”
“You look freezing,” Tatsumi asked. “Are you sure you don’t need a cup of tea to warm up?”
“No thank you, Tatsumi-san.”
But Goro didn’t sleep that night. He lay on his futon and stared at the ceiling, trying not to
think about how he was failing everyone he cared about.
He failed.

Yu convinced Yosuke that he was fine at home alone.
“Your parents are probably worried about you,” Yu said outside Dojima’s house. The door
was still half-open. “I’m fine.”
“I can explain the situation,” Yosuke said.

“I’m fine, Yosuke,” Yu said firmly. “Please.”
Yosuke had already seen Yu at his worst. Yu could still feel the puffiness of his eyes from
sobbing openly into Yosuke’s shoulder. He needed a minute alone to try to pull himself
together.
“Fine,” Yosuke said. “But call me if you need me, alright? I don’t think any of us are going to
sleep tonight.”
Yu certainly wasn’t.
Yu stepped inside the house and shut the door behind him. It echoed hauntingly behind him.
“I’m home,” Yu said quietly.
The house creaked in response.
Yu should have never told Dojima the truth. Maybe then, he could have been recovering in a
hospital.
Instead, he could already be dead.

“Dad! Daddy, wake up!”
The pain was almost too much to bear, but Ryotaro would never have been able to mistake
that voice for anyone except–
“Nanako…” He grit his teeth against the pain and opened his eyes. Bright sunlight made him
blink rapidly, but he couldn’t see much past a strange yellow fog. “Nanako?”
What had even happened? Nanako was kidnapped… he chased after Namatame… crashed…
a stranger with almost glowing yellow eyes grabbed his hand and helped him out of the car…
but he disappeared, and Adachi came… then Dojima chased Nanako into the TV.

“Daddy!” Nanako immediately wrapped her arms around Ryotaro, which only made a shock
of pain rush up Ryotaro’s spine. Ryotaro gasped in alarm, and Nanako immediately pulled
herself away. Her breathing hitched.
“No, no, it’s okay,” Ryotaro said. “I’m fine. Are you hurt?”
“Why does everyone keep lying?!” Nanako asked, choking on a sob.
Ryotaro blinked. “What?”
“You’re hurt! It’s not okay!”

There was just no lying to this girl, was there? “Well, don’t worry. I’ll make it. Are you
hurt?”
“N-no,” Nanako said. “I don’t think so. My head hurts a little bit.”
Ryotaro tried to sit up to get a closer look, but his entire body felt like it was cracking around
the edges. He collapsed back onto the ground. It felt soft, like grass.
Strange… Yu had said this TV world had taken many forms. Was that where they were right
now? Come to think of it, Ryotaro had charged in to rescue Nanako.
Maybe he hadn’t thought this through.
“Good,” Ryotaro said. “Is… is Namatame here?”
“The delivery man?” Nanako asked. “He’s over there. I kicked him in the balls like Kanji-kun
taught me.”
Ryotaro barked out a laugh, which did nothing good for his ribs. “Good girl.”
“Are you going to die?” Nanako whispered.
Ryotaro forced himself to wear a brave face. He had no idea if he was being successful. The
pain made it hard to stay focused for long. “Of course I’m not. We’re all going to make it out
of here just fine.”
Nanako’s lip trembled. “You’re lying.”
Nanako was the only thing that mattered.
“Not completely.”

The next day was a Sunday. Without prompting, everyone arrived at Junes at the crack of
dawn.
Everyone including, it seemed, Adachi. He stood at the Junes food court at the table the team
usually studied at, his arms folded across his chest and his expression impatient.
“Um, what are you doing here?” Yosuke asked.
“I couldn’t sleep at all knowing that Dojima-san and Nanako-chan are in that place,” Adachi
said. “It’s still so hard to believe. People going inside of TVs?”
“We don’t need your help,” Goro said.
“Seriously?” Adachi asked. “Just because I’m not as experienced as you guys doesn’t mean I
don’t have skills. I mean, come on, I have my police training at the very least.”

“No offense, Adachi-san, but we really don’t want to fight your shadow when we’re trying to
save the others,” Chie said.
“My shadow?”
“Weren’t you listening to my explanation at all?” Yu asked, not an ounce of patience in his
tone.
“Well, it all got really confusing near the end there,” Adachi said. He laughed nervously.
Goro couldn’t take it. “Listen closely, Adachi,” he said, not even bothering to keep the bite
out of his voice. “It’s extremely difficult to effectively hurt shadows with ordinary weapons
and strength. You don’t have a persona. You’re going to be more a hindrance than a help. So
get the hell out of our way.”
Nobody scolded him for his rudeness.
Adachi sighed and glanced at the sky. “Well, if you’re so sure about that, then I won’t go,” he
said. “I guess I’ll focus on helping the others find Namatame. With any luck, he’s still in the
real world.”
“Thank you,” Yukiko said.
“Great, now that we’re done here, can we hurry up and get inside the television?” Kanji
snapped. “I’m sick and tired of waiting already.”
By the time they finally entered the television, Goro was desperate to kill something. They
gathered around Rise impatiently, waiting for her to figure out Nanako’s location.
“Is it just me, or is the fog heavier than usual?” Kanji asked, glancing around nervously. “I
can barely see anything even with these glasses.”
“Maybe it has something to do with all the fog in the real world?” Yukiko asked.
“It doesn’t matter,” Goro said shortly. He clenched his fists and took a deep breath. It didn’t
make him feel better. “Rise?”
“I know where Nanako is,” Rise said. “She’s in that direction.” She pointed vaguely behind
her.
“What about Namatame?” Yosuke asked sharply. “Is he there too?”
“And Dojima?” Yu asked.
“I sense two other presences,” Rise said. “It’s probably them. They’re less strong than
Nanako, though.”
“That’s probably because we know her best,” Yukiko said.

“We should hurry,” Naoto said. “Dojima’s injuries were severe, and we don’t know how this
world will react to them. Our only hope is that time passes differently enough in this place
that they won’t worsen to a critical level.”
Yu nodded with a tight expression. “Lead the way, Rise.”
Nanako’s dungeon was one of the most beautiful places Goro had ever seen. Clouds and
rainbows decorated a bright blue sky, completely disregarding the murky fog that plagued
most of the TV World. Pink and blue flowers adorned an old stone castle archway. A massive
tree stretched upwards for miles, surrounded by floating islands.
“This is… Nanako-chan’s…?” Yukiko’s voice trailed off as she stared at the sight in front of
her.
“It’s beautiful,” Rise said quietly. “Like a storybook vision of heaven.”
“Heaven, huh?” Yosuke asked. “Deep down, Nanako-chan must really miss her.”
“Who wouldn’t?” Goro asked.
Had he ever considered the possibility that his mother was in heaven? Some religious people
had immediately dismissed her to hell due to the nature of her death, or maybe the nature of
her life. The very few kind ones said that she was in a better place.
Goro had never believed it. He had never even really given thought about it. His mother was
dead, and Goro was not. That was all that had really mattered, in the end.
Nanako clearly saw things very differently. Had that made her sadder or happier, in the end?
Goro had no idea.
“We have to get her back,” Yu said. “I’ll need all of you.”
“Of course!” Teddie said fiercely. “We’re going to rescue Nana-chan, no matter what!”
They split into multiple parties. Yu led half the group through the dungeon while Goro and
the other half waited outside. Then, when Yu’s group had completely expended all their
energy, they traded places. When both groups felt like they were on the verge of collapse,
they returned to the entrance and paid the fox an exorbitant fee for healing. Then they’d
return and start the process all over again.
It was an efficient method of tearing their way through the dungeon, but it was also
infuriating. Whenever Goro’s group was benched, they’d pace around for what felt like
hours. Goro wanted to get his hand on another shadow and rip it to shreds. Instead, he was
reduced to waiting outside like a coward.
“We’re going to get him,” Yukiko told Goro.
“I know that,” Goro snarled. “And when I do, he’s going to regret ever touching Nanako.”
“You’re kind of scary when you talk that way,” Chie admitted.

“Do you disagree?”
“Of course not!” Chie said. She grinned. “It’s kind of cool.”
Goro didn’t think it was cool. He hated that this part of himself had come out. The part that
only wanted to kill and exact vengeance on anyone that hurt him.
But he couldn’t make it go away. He couldn’t maintain his composure in the same way Yu
seemed to be capable of. The only thing he could do was try to make sure that only shadows
got hurt in his fury.
Goro didn’t know what he’d do when he saw Namatame. Judging from Yosuke and Kanji’s
stormy expressions, neither did they.
After Goro came back from his third trip into the dungeon, it was obvious that the waiting
game wasn’t doing Yu any favors too. There was practically a hole in the dirt where Yu had
paced repeatedly in circles.
“We’re changing things,” Yu said. “We’re all going to go in together. I can’t take much more
of this.”
The entire group entered the dungeon and emerged at an open space. A high-pitched
shimmering sound rang above them, and Nanako’s voice began to echo from an unknown
location.
“Why did you disappear..? Why did you leave me…? No, come back…”
“Are these Nanako-chan’s feelings?” Chie asked quietly.
“But I'm not lonely...I have Dad with me. I know he's always late coming home...and he never
plays with me because he's so busy...He can't cook or do laundry either...He tries to be nice,
though he's a little scary sometimes...but I love him...Big bro is with me now, too, and his
friends...So I'm not alone...I'm not lonely…”
Goro couldn’t listen to this. Nanako was supposed to have the childhood he never had. She
was supposed to be the one who smiled even when things got hard.
How could he have been this ignorant?
“A little kid… telling herself she’s not lonely so she doesn’t fall apart,” Kanji said grimly.
“That sort of thinking will kill you in the end,” Yu said. “I should’ve been there for her
more.”
“Don’t be that way,” Yosuke said. “You did everything you could.”
“It’s my fault she was taken,” Chie said wretchedly. “I can’t believe I let Namatame get the
jump on me while I was watching her.”

Goro agreed and was more than willing to say so too, but Yukiko had already grabbed Chie’s
hand comfortingly.
“Don’t blame yourself, Chie,” she said. “Besides, we should greet Nanako with a smile when
we rescue her.
“I don’t think she’ll be convinced,” Goro said. “She’s more perceptive than you think.”
“Well, if not for her, then for me,” Yukiko said. “I can’t… I can’t feel like I’m breaking down
before we’ve even gotten half-way there. We need to keep it together so that we can be at our
strongest when we save her.”
“Save her? That’s a funny joke” said a rough voice from behind them.
The hairs on the back of Goro’s neck went on end, and the entire group spun around toward
the strange voice.
Rise gasped. “Senpai, look!”
Dojima stood in front of them, but obviously not the real one. Even if his eyes weren’t a
bright shade of yellow, Dojima had never looked quite so jaded as he looked now. He wasn’t
even pretending to smile.
He looked like Sakura or Takeharu, if you removed all their soft edges and only left misery
behind.
“Dojima-san,” Yu said.
“It’s not him,” Yosuke said quickly.
“Aren’t I?” Dojima’s shadow sighed. He fumbled with a lighter and lit a new cigarette. “My
idiot of a nephew told me about these shadows himself, you know?” Yu flinched. “I’m just as
much Dojima Ryotaro as you are Hanamura.”
“Have you come with the intention to fight us?” Naoto asked.
“Not anything so complicated as that,” Dojima said. “I just came to tell you that it’s pretty
much a lost cause. You might want to quit now and save yourself the pain of failing later.”
“What are you talking about?” Yu asked. “That’s your daughter up there!”
“Everyone dies,” Dojima’s shadow said. He breathed out a large puff of smoke. “My wife
dies, and I can’t find the killer. Nanako gets taken… Even if you kids manage to capture
Namatame, he’ll walk free if you can’t find any decisive evidence linking him to the
murders.”
“If you’re not here to help, then you might as well fuck off,” Goro said. “That’s what you do
best, right? Run away? Hide from your problems?”

Dojima’s shadow sighed, the sadness beneath his eyes deepening. “Got me in one.” He
turned around and started walking away. “God, I need a drink.”
“Dojima-san, wait!” Yu snapped. “Where are they? Where’s Nanako?!”
Dojima’s shadow didn’t answer.

Ryotaro cataloged his injuries.
His ribs were almost certainly broken, and judging from how painful it was to breathe, it was
possible he had a punctured lung. Fortunately, it wasn’t fatal, or Ryotaro would have been
dead by now. His legs were in enough pain that it was safe to assume at least one of them was
fractured. Probably both of them. Ryotaro wasn’t experiencing any symptoms of a
concussion or major head injury, but he was certainly bruised all over his body.
It hadn’t been a pretty car wreck. Ryotaro running headfirst into the television hadn’t likely
been a help either.
With Nanako’s help, he managed to get himself in a sitting position by resting his back
against one of the pillars circling the area. Ryotaro was at least able to keep a good eye on
Namatame, who was eyeing him and Nanako warily. He obviously hadn’t recovered from
Nanako’s impressive self-defense skills.
“Just stay over there, Namatame, and nobody else has to get hurt,” Ryotaro said as loudly as
he could muster. It hurt like hell.
“Dad,” Nanako said. She clutched onto Ryotaro’s shirt as carefully as possible. “Where are
we?”
“Well…” Ryotaro took a deep breath. “You probably won’t believe me…” Another deep
breath. “But we’re inside the television.”
“Really?” Nanako asked. “How?”
This was why Ryotaro was terrible with children. They kept asking questions that Ryotaro
wasn’t remotely equipped to answer.
“I don’t know.”
“Oh.” Nanako was obviously disappointed, likely even scared, by the lack of information.
Ryotaro would be lying if he said he wasn’t scared too. There were too many unknowns, and
Nanako’s life could still very well be in danger. Being on the force hadn’t prepared him for
this supernatural bullshit.
It had been hard to follow Yu’s explanation of the TV world, but Ryotaro wasn’t sure that it
had been Yu’s fault at all. As soon as Yu had said that he and his friends entered televisions to

save the victims, Ryotaro had checked out. Instead of actually listening to what his nephew
had to say, he focused on how frustrated he was with his stupid, reckless kid.
Now, Ryotaro wished he had paid closer attention. Maybe it would have helped them get out
of this place.
Come to think of it, hadn’t Yu mentioned something about a shadow? An alternate version of
someone’s self that came out when they first entered the television? But if that was the case,
where were any of their shadows? Maybe Namatame had entered it before, if he was the real
culprit, but Ryotaro and Nanako certainly hadn’t. Neither of their shadows were anywhere in
sight.
As if summoned by Ryotaro’s thoughts, Ryotaro’s clone emerged from the fog. He looked
like Ryotaro on one of his bad days, when it was easier to try to forget his struggles behind
multiple glasses of beer.
He’d stopped doing that after he slipped up the night Kujikawa was found. Yu looked like he
had half a mind to kill him the following morning, and it had taken at least a day to get the
smell of alcohol out of the house.
And Ryotaro couldn’t bear to disappoint Nanako like that again.
“Thought I’d stop by and make sure nobody was dying,” Ryotaro’s clone said. He glanced
between Namatame and Ryotaro. “But I guess Nanako can take care of herself more than you
can.”
“Dad?” Nanako asked, her voice shaking. “W-why… what?”
“He’s not real,” Ryotaro said, because he couldn’t think of any other way to explain this
phenomenon to Nanako. He couldn’t understand it himself. “It’s just a trick.”
“Actually, I’m the real deal,” Ryotaro’s shadow said. “More real than the man who puts on a
smile and pretends he’s the perfect father.”
“I’ve never pretended to be that,” Ryotaro said. “I know I’ve fallen short–”
“Fallen short?” Ryotaro’s shadow asked. “That’s a new word for it. And here I thought it was
nothing but good old-fashioned neglect. I think I remember your nephew saying a word or
two about that to you.”
Ryotaro was in too much pain to put up much of a fight against this thing. Nanako
whimpered.
“Please don’t fight,” she whispered.
“We’re not–”
“Why keep lying to her?” Ryotaro’s shadow asked. “We know she sees right through it.” he
glared at Nanako. “You know what? We are fighting, and sometimes grown ups need to fight
to get shit done–”

“Nanako, cover your ears,” Ryotaro said immediately, raising his voice over his shadow.
“Don’t listen to a word that man says.”
Nanako squeezed her eyes shut and slammed her hands over ears. She was trembling.
“That man?” Ryotaro’s shadow said. “That’s harsh.”
“Mind watching what you say to her?” Ryotaro snapped. He took a deep breath to keep his
lungs from collapsing. “If you’ve got a problem with me, fine. It’s got nothing to do with
her.”
“Are you kidding me? It’s got everything to do with her!” Ryotaro’s shadow snapped.
Nanako flinched. “She looks so much like Chisato that it hurts. The best thing to do is run
and pretend I’m on some mission for justice.”
“That’s not–” A fresh wave of pain slammed into Ryotaro, and he stumbled over his breath.
“--that’s not true. I have a job to do.”
“And when you’re home?” Ryotaro's shadow sighed exhaustedly. “Admit it, you’re afraid to
even speak to her.”
“That’s not…” But it was true, wasn’t it? Ryotaro did hide from his own daughter, maybe
sometimes without even realizing it. They barely talked outside of meals. And Ryotaro barely
attended meals.
No wonder Nanako gravitated toward Yu. Someone to play with her, to give her attention, to
make sure she was eating. Things Ryotaro should have been doing instead.
“You’re realizing it, aren’t you?” Ryotaro’s shadow asked. “I’m just a shell of a man, content
to run from everyone in my life until I have nothing left. I complain that my nephew doesn’t
trust me. But really, it’s the other way around.”
“I do trust Yu,” Ryotaro said. “Hell, I trust him more than I trust myself.”
“Is that really saying much?” Ryotaro’s shadow asked. “I can’t even protect Chisato, much
less my daughter. Besides, I didn’t believe a word he had to say in his defense. He’s just a
dumb kid caught up in things he doesn’t understand.”
“What do you want?” Ryotaro asked. He was tired of these games. He was tired of being told
things that deep down, he already knew. Things he had been trying to hide away from.
“Again, just making sure that nobody’s dying,” Ryotaro’s shadow said. “I’ll be going now.”
“Wait a minute, you’re leaving?” Ryotaro wasn’t going to be particularly sorry to see it go,
but if this shadow really was him, there was no reason for him to be leaving. “You’re just
going to leave Nanako to fend for herself?”
“Haven’t you been paying any attention at all?” Ryotaro’s shadow asked coldly. “I’m not
going to let Nanako burden me. She can take care of herself.”

Tears started gathering at the corners of Nanako’s eyes. She could clearly hear everything,
and Dojima had half a mind to kill his shadow, damn his health.
“How could you say that?” Ryotaro’s voice shook. “How the hell could you say that about
her? She’s seven. She’s not even half your size.”
“No, Dojima-san,” Ryotaro’s shadow said. “How could you say that? Isn’t that what you said
to Yu last night when he asked about Nanako’s safety? Imagine what could have been
avoided if you had just stopped to listen to him.”
The words hurt worse than Ryotaro’s injuries. He couldn’t even think of a word to say.
Ryotaro’s shadow left just as Nanako burst into heaving sobs.

After hours upon hours of working through the dungeon, they agreed to take a short break in
the real world to eat lunch. Almost as soon as they re-appeared in the Junes electronics
section, Adachi descended upon them.
“Why are you still here?” Yosuke demanded.
“I managed to get a shift patrolling the Junes,” Adachi said. “I was just so worried, you
know? How are they? Dojima and Nanako-chan, I mean.”
“We don’t know yet,” Goro snapped. “We haven’t gotten to them.”
“But they’re both still alive!” Chie said hopefully. “So that’s a plus.”
“We just came out to eat a quick bite before going back in again,” Kanji said. “You’d better
not be wasting our time.”
“Oh, sorry!” Adachi frowned. “How about this? I know I can’t be much help to you guys, but
I can at least buy you a nice large meal, right? That’ll be of some help.”
“That would be great,” Yu said. He had been more subdued ever since they met the shadow
version of Dojima. “Thanks, Adachi.”
“Anything for a friend.”
They followed Adachi into the food court. Goro pulled out his phone. There was no
abundance of missed calls, and, in this case, no news was good news.
He called Shinjiro’s number. Akihiko answered it for him and put the phone on speaker.
“Hey,” Shinjiro sounded more pained than he had the night before. “What happened to
starting every call with ‘hey Shinji, I’m bored out of my mind’?”
“You’re not funny,” Goro said.

Coughing. “I’m a little funny. But seriously, how’s it going?”
“We’re working as fast as we can,” Goro said. “I think we might be nearly half-way
through.”
“Pretty impressive. I hope–” Shinjiro wheezed. “--don’t wear yourselves out too much.”
“Our health is the least of our worries,” Goro said. “We still don’t know how much time we
have.”
“Your lack of self-care–” Another gasp. “--you’re killing me here.”
Goro wanted to smack him through the phone as they sat down at a table. Instead, he settled
for stony silence.
“Alright, alright. Bad joke.”
“And they say my jokes are bad,” Goro muttered.
“Okay… this I’ve got to hear.”
Goro reluctantly relayed the tale of his terrible joke at the Amagi Inn just a week before. It
was bizarre to think that they could be so lighthearted back then. The atmosphere at the table
was so heavy that Shinjiro was probably the most cheerful person in Goro’s presence. Even
Adachi was more somber than usual.
“Okay, that joke is terrible,” Shinjiro said. He coughed. “No... no punchline at all.”
Goro’s grip on his phone tightened. He was probably scratching the casing. “I’ll try to do
better next time.”
Goro spoke to Shinjiro their entire lunch break. He barely ate anything, even though Adachi
provided them with a fairly substantial meal probably costing him his entire wallet.
As they entered the electronics department, Goro was forced to end their call.
“I have to go,” he said. “We’re going back in.”
“Right. Talk to you later.”
“...Yeah.”
Goro hung up. Kanji gave him a confused look.
“Who were you speaking to that whole time?”
“A friend,” Goro said shortly. He wasn’t going to distract the others with his own problems,
even if Goro felt like his entire world was slowly collapsing underneath him.
Kanji was kind enough not to pry.

Shinjiro was exhausted. He could feel his body giving out on him, trying so hard to rest.
Shinjiro practically had to will his heart to keep beating.
Not yet, he told himself. He’d promised Goro he wouldn’t die without making sure that little
kid wouldn’t join him. He needed to know.
Another breath. Another high-pitched beep on the heart monitor.
Beep.
Breath.
Beep.
Breath.
It hurt. But he wasn’t a quitter.
“He’ll forgive you,” Aki said. “If you can’t hold on. You know that.”
“Shut up,” Shinjiro said.
Akihiko shut up.
Almost everyone was gathered in the hospital room. Even Yukari, who Shinjiro was pretty
sure should be in the middle of shooting for her show, was standing anxiously next to
Mitsuru.
“You guys…” Shinjiro took yet another shuddering breath through his ventilator. “Have
terrible bedside manner.”
There was a brief pause, and the only thing Shinjiro could hear was the heart monitor still
slowly beeping.
“I could tell you about the stupid thing Junpei did with his teammates the other day,” Yukari
offered.
Junpei was hilariously horrified by this. “Don’t. You’re going to kill him through secondhand embarrassment.”
Junpei looked like he swallowed a lemon as soon as he said the words. If Shinjiro had it in
him, he would have laughed.
Yukari continued with her story. Or, really, her version of Junpei’s story.
He could hold on just a little bit longer.

Nanako was crying, and Ryotaro didn’t know what to do. Not in the face of the horrible
realization of how badly he had screwed up. He didn’t deserve to call himself Nanako’s
father.
Well, one thing was for sure, he couldn’t just watch.
Ryotaro gently put his hand through Nanako’s hair. Nanako hiccupped, looking at Ryotaro in
alarm.
Damnit. Just how badly had he failed his girl?
“I’m sorry, Nanako,” Ryotaro said. “I’m so sorry.”
“Who was that man?” Nanako asked, obviously trying to swallow back sobs. “Do you… do
you really see me that way?”
“No, no, of course not,” Ryotaro said immediately. Nanako was never a burden. Ryotaro was
just a coward. “None of this is your fault. It’s mine, alright?”
“B-but… you said… that man said…”
“It’s complicated,” Ryoatro said. How could he phrase this without making it worse? “He
isn’t really me. He’s just… all of my worst feelings.”
Nanako’s expression shuttered. “So you do feel that way about me.”
“No, no, Nanako, I swear to you I don’t.” Ryotaro stumbled over his words. He never had
been good at this.
But he needed to get better.
“I’ve been… I’ve been a terrible dad, haven’t I?” Ryotaro whispered. “I’ve been letting my
emotions control me so much that I haven’t given you any time at all.”
“That’s… that’s not true,” Nanako said unconvincingly. “You took me to the festival, and the
fireworks! You got off work early for that!”
“Two times in the entire year,” Ryotaro said dryly. He continued running his hand through
Nanako’s hair. “Not exactly the best track record.”
“You’re a good dad,” Nanako said. As much as Ryotaro appreciated the attempt, it wasn’t
Nanako’s job to comfort him at all.
“You don’t have to try to make me feel better,” Ryotaro said. “I know that I haven’t been
spending enough time with you. I haven’t even really been taking care of you. What sort of
father does that?”
“You’re busy saving people,” Nanako said quietly. “I understand.”

“No,” Ryotaro said. “I don’t have any excuse. I’m sorry, Nanako. I’m sorry I failed you so
badly.”
“It’s okay.”
“It’s not.” Ryotaro tried to turn toward Nanako, and he hissed at the pain. “Look, honey, from
now on, I’m going to do better, alright? I’m gonna… I’m gonna try to be home more often…
and I’ll learn to do the laundry for you… and I’ll play with you when I can, instead of just
reading the newspaper all night.”
Nanako’s eyes widened. “Really?” Her face fell quickly. “Do you promise?”
If Ryotaro ever saw Chisato again, she would probably beat him up, and he would deserve it.
“I promise. And if I go back on it, you have permission to…” A small smile forced its way
onto Ryotaro’s face. “...kick me in the balls.”
Nanako giggled.
And then she burst into a fresh bout of tears.

Chapter End Notes

y'all i think when working on these chapters i churned out like 13k words in a day.
Which is a pretty decent churn-out for yours truly.
Nanako got to construct the dungeon since she went in the TV first. Namatame and
Dojima are just vibing as visitors.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 72: November 6–7, 2011
Chapter Summary

and then the persona 3 themes look at persona 4's themes and go "hey can we have a
turn driving the bus"

Chapter Notes

tw: ptsd, injuries, violence, hostage situations, death, hospitals, implied/referenced child
abuse & neglect

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“Nanako’s my only reason for living,” Dojima’s voice echoed above them as they hit the next
floor. “If anything happened to her, I’d find a way to join her. And maybe then, I could see
her and Chisato again.”
“Dojima-san…” Yukiko said softly.
“We have to keep moving,” Yu said, quickening his pace.
The fog on these floors were a dark red color, where it was obvious Nanako’s influence was
weaker. They took a few steps further and heard Namatame’s voice over-shadow Dojima’s.
“I discovered a new world,” he said. “I must save people. Yes, only I can.”
“The next time I see him, I don’t know what I’m going to do,” Rise said. Her eyes flashed
dangerously, and she glared at the rest of the group, as if daring them to disagree.
“I agree, but Nanako and Dojima-san should be our priority,” Naoto said.
Naoto could get Nanako and Dojima to safety. Goro would distract Namatame by ripping him
to shreds.
They reached yet another open area. Except this time, instead of Dojima’s shadow greeting
them, a giant cross stood in their way instead.
“Why are you getting in my way?” Namatame’s voice asked. “I’m… I’m going to save this
girl!”
The shadow was stronger than they expected. The group still turned it to dust.

But when they were done, everybody looked like they were on the verge of collapse. Even
Goro felt like he would probably pass out if he even attempted to summon his persona again.
“I hate to say this,” Kanji said. “But I think we should turn in for the night.”
“No,” Yu said. He tried to keep walking forward, but he stumbled. “We can keep going.”
“We really can’t,” Rise said. “I’m sorry, Yu-kun. I promise we’ll start again first thing
tomorrow.”
Technically, there was school tomorrow. Everyone came to an unspoken agreement to pretend
it didn’t exist.
“What if it’s too late?” Yu whispered.
“It won’t be,” Rise promised. “We’re really close to them. I can feel it. But we can’t die
now.”
When they stepped into the Junes electronics department, there wasn’t a single customer in
sight, and intercom chimed above them announcing the store was closing in five minutes.
Goro checked the time. It was nearly ten o’clock. They had literally spent their entire day in
that wretched place.
Goro called Shinjiro again, but he was already asleep for the night. Akihiko and Goro
exchanged a few words as he walked back to Kanji’s house. He hung up in time for Tatsumi
to lecture them on where they had been. Goro could barely hear the words.
Tatsumi still fed them, much to Goro’s alarm. Goro ate automatically, his body feeling the
pangs of his ignoring his lunch. When they were done eating, Goro immediately went to his
room and lay down on his futon. He wanted to speak to Shinjiro, to make sure he was alright,
but that wasn’t really an option at the moment.
Monster Cat curled up next to him. Goro forced himself to close his eyes.
He would be of no help to anyone if he didn’t sleep enough. He had to rest.
The pile of corpses only seemed to get higher and higher in his nightmares. Goro took one
look into Nanako’s unseeing eyes and woke up in a cold sweat.
Monster Cat was now fully curled up against Goro’s side. Goro rolled over and curled up
slightly around the cat himself. Monster Cat’s warmth was comforting in a way that sleep
could never be.
As Goro buried his hands into Monster Cat’s fur, he let himself feel younger than he really
was.

Nanako must have tuckered herself out after all that crying. She looked exhausted as she
rested against Ryotaro, clinging to his shirt for comfort. Ryotaro refused to admit that her

weight was probably damaging his injuries. Nanako needed all the comfort she could get in
this place.
Ryotaro’s shadow returned while Nanako slept, and Ryotaro eyed it warily. The shadow made
no move to antagonize Ryotaro, instead staring at Nanako with an exhausted expression.
“I’m not going to reject you, you know,” Ryotaro told the shadow. “My nephew told me…
something about a fight breaking out if I do.”
“Is that right?” Ryotaro’s shadow said, rolling his cigarettes between his fingers. “You’re
willing to admit that I’m you?”
“I would never say those things in front of Nanako—” The shadow’s eyes flashed, and
Ryotaro hastened to continue, “but there was truth to your words, so, yes, I guess a part of
you is me. So, please… I got the message… just leave us alone.”
Ryotaro’s shadow raised his eyebrows and nodded. “Alright, then. I’ll leave.”
Ryotaro blinked, and the shadow was gone. No fanfare. No magical creature to summon in
battle. Just, nothing.
Well, Ryotaro wasn’t exactly in any condition to battle anyway.
Unfortunately, during that conversation, Namatame had started to regain confidence. He
stood up and took a few steps closer to Ryotaro and his daughter.
Ryotaro’s hold on Nanako’s shoulder tightened.
“Can’t you see how beautiful this place is?” Namatame asked. “It even led you to make
amends with your daughter, to accept yourself.”
“That’s what you saw?” Ryotaro asked. “Don’t you realize this place kills people?”
“You’re wrong,” Namatame said. “I’m saving them. Why can’t you realize that this is a
sanctuary?”
“Go to hell.”
“I’ll make you see.” Namatame got to his feet, and his face became frenzied. “I’ll make you
understand–”
“If you lay a hand on my daughter, I will end you myself. You got that?” Ryotaro barked.
“You stay away from her.”
Namatame clearly wasn’t impressed. But he stayed away. That would have to be good
enough. Ryotaro wasn’t exactly in much of a position to fight.
The thought terrified him.

They tried to go to Junes the next morning.
The patrolling cops caught them in their school uniforms. They forced them to go to school,
threatening to call both their parents and the school.
They went to school.
It was probably the most agonizing single day of school of Goro’s life. The hours went by at
such a ridiculously slow pace that Goro had the displeasure of imagining hundreds of new
and unique ways Nanako and Dojima could be dying. All while learning about prepositional
phrases.
And his teacher had the gall to be unimpressed with him when she noticed he wasn’t paying
attention. He had half a mind to bite her head off. Didn’t she realize what was going on this
very minute?
Of course she didn’t. Barely anyone knew.
But finally, the school day ended. Goro sprinted out of the school-building, not even noticing
Akira waiting for him by the front entrance.
“Goro-kun, wait up!” Akira cried, running after him.
Goro forced himself to slow down. Akira gasped for breath as he walked alongside him.
“What’s going on?” Akira asked. “Did something happen?”
“It’s…” A lump clamped down on Goro’s throat, and he didn’t know why. He was keeping it
together for this long. Why was he going to break down in front of Akira, of all people?
“What is it?”
“I can’t…” Goro swallowed. He could. “Nanako-chan was kidnapped.”
Akira’s face slackened. “You mean that little girl? The one who likes Monster Cat?”
“Yes.”
“Oh my god,” Akira whispered. “Goro… I’m so sorry.”
“It’s not your fault,” Goro said.
“No, but–”
Goro couldn’t stay there anymore. He couldn’t listen to Akira try to comfort him while
Shinjiro was still dying and Nanako was still in danger. There wasn’t time.
And Goro was afraid that if he stayed any longer, he would become a sniveling mess.
“I have to go,” Goro said.

Akira blinked. He was obviously surprised and hurt by the sudden declaration. “Oh, um,
okay.”
Guilt wormed its way inside Goro’s throat, alongside that annoying lump that only seemed to
be growing. “I’m sorry. I just. I have to go.”
“No, I understand,” Akira said. “I just… if you need someone to talk to. I’m here.”
“Thank you,” Goro said.
He ran back to Junes, calling Shinjiro all the while.
“Is this… good news?” Shinjiro asked.
“From a certain point of view,” Goro siad. “School detained me, but Rise says that we’re
almost to them. We should be able to get them out by the end of today, if we play our cards
right.”
“Oh. That’s… that’s really good news.”
“If all goes well, I should be able to get to Iwatodai by tonight,” Goro said.
“And the kid will be okay?”
“I promise.” Goro refused to acknowledge any other option.
“That’s… that’s great.” Shinjiro’s voice shuddered. “You’re a really… really great kid. You
know that?”
“Don’t talk like that,” Goro said. “I’ll see you soon, alright?”
“Alright. Just making sure you know.”
Everyone was already waiting for Goro in the electronics section. Goro swallowed. “I need to
go.”
“Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do.”
Goro inhaled deeply. “Right. I’ll see you later.”
“Yeah… bye.”

When they returned to Nanako’s dungeon, Rise stopped short, looking surprised.
“Guys… I think Dojima-san’s shadow is gone.”
“What does that mean?” Yu asked, his voice immediately tense. “Is Dojima-san–”
“He’s still here,” Rise said. “I think he must have accepted his shadow.”

“You think?” Yosuke asked, looking surprised.
“Does it really matter?” Kanji asked. “Dojima’s alive, and we’ve got one less thing to worry
about.”
“Kanji’s right,” Naoto said. “We can theorize about it later, when we know everyone is safe.”
“Better yet,” Yosuke said. “We’ll ask Dojima himself.”
They hurried up the stairs to the next floor of the dungeon. The red fog faded back into blue
skies, and Nanako’s voice echoed above them.
“I’m scared… Mom… Big Bro… Where are you?”
“I’m coming!” Yu cried, even though he must have known Nanako couldn’t hear him.
More fighting. More running. The feeling of precious time slipping from their fingers
following their every step.
And then they finally reached the tenth floor. The giant gates adorned in gold could only
mean they had reached their destination.
“There she is!” Rise cried. “Nanako-chan is behind these gates!”
Yu pushed the doors open with all of his strength.

Namatame had gone from restless to dangerous. Nanako’s exhausted condition had only
gotten worse.
Ryotaro was suddenly very afraid of what was about to come next.
“They’re coming,” Namatame said unexpectedly. “They’re going to take her away.”
“They…?” Did Namatame mean the kids? How the hell did he know that?
“I can’t let them take her away,” Namatame said. “I must save her.”
Ryotaro grabbed hold of Nanako’s shoulder very tightly. Nanako’s hold on Dojima’s shirt
tightened. “Haven’t you been paying attention to what I’ve been telling you? This place kills
people!”
“You’re not going to stop me from saving her. You can’t stop me,” Namatame said. He ran up
to Ryotaro and grabbed Nanako.
“Dad!” Nanako cried.
His injuries be damned, Ryotaro jumped to his feet and socked Namatame in the nose.
Namatame punched him in the ribs. His already fractured ribs.

Ryotaro’s body crumbled against his will. He couldn’t keep his balance. He could barely stay
conscious.
“Get away from her,” Ryoatro said, stumbling toward Namatame with his teeth set. “Get the
hell away–”

Dojima lay sprawled in front of the staircase in the middle of a circle of stone angels.
Dojima-san!” Yu cried. He sprinted ahead of the group, and they hastened to follow. Yu got
down on his knees. “Please be alive, please–”
“Nanako,” Dojima gasped. “He took…”
“Big bro!” Nanako cried weakly.
Everybody looked up toward the sound of her voice. Namatame was holding Nanako in a
chokehold, his arm pressed against her neck. He walked backwards up the stairs.
“You m-mustn’t go!” Namatame said, looking every bit the coward Goro imagined him to be.
Yu’s expression hardened. His eyes flashed in a way that was almost frightening. “Let go of
Nanako.”
“I’m going to save this girl–”
“You’re choking her!” Goro shouted. “Is that the sort of bullshit you call salvation?”
“It’s definitely Namatame Taro,” Naoto said quietly. “We were right… he did come in here.”
“Let go of Nanako!” Yukiko shouted.
An unnatural grin spread across Namatame’s face. He laughed. “So, you’re the ones I saved.
Don’t worry. I’ll save this girl too.”
“Is he high?” Kanji asked. “Quit talking shit and let go of the girl!”
Namatame’s hold on Nanako tightened, and his face contorted into a scowl. Nanako let out a
strangled gasp.
“D-Don’t come near me,” Namatame said.
“Nanako-chan!” Chie cried.
“Everybody, calm down!” Naoto shouted. “We can’t predict his behavior.”
Naoto was right. This was officially a hostage situation, and the best way to deal with those
was to attempt to gain the trust of the hostage taker. If the culprit thought he was being heard,
he was more likely to calm down. It was like dealing with a particularly stubborn child, only
with extremely high stakes.

“We need to keep him talking,” Naoto said, voicing Goro’s thoughts. “If we can discern his
intentions, perhaps we can somehow deal with him.”
Well, if Goro was good for anything at all, it was talking.
“We don’t want to hurt you Namatame-san,” Goro said sweetly, in a way he probably hadn’t
spoken to anyone in years. “We want to help you.”
“Help me?” Namatame’s frightened expression didn’t change. “But you’re trying to take her
away from me.”
“Perhaps you can help us understand.” Goro hoped Namatame’s shadow would turn into a
monster of some kind. He’d enjoy destroying it. “I’m sorry if I misunderstood, but didn’t you
say something about saving her? We want the same thing.”
“Y-you do?” Namatame frowned.
“Why?” Yu asked in a dangerously even tone. “Why are you saving people like this?”
“I see them on that Midnight Channel,” Namatame said. “They’re.. They’re asking to be
saved.”
“Did I ever ask to be saved?” Rise asked. She sounded like she was on the verge of tears.
“Even if we had, you didn’t save us, damnit!” Kanji snapped. “You did the exact opposite!”
“If I hadn’t put you in the TV, how would you have ended up?” Namatame asked.
“Ended up… does he mean we wouldn’t have faced ourselves?” Yukiko asked.
That was the most ridiculous reasoning Goro had ever heard.
“But you guys nearly died!” Chie exclaimed.
“Exactly…” Namatame said.
“Enough of this,” Yosuke said. “Did you kidnap them? Yes or no.”
“Yes.”
Goro didn’t particularly care to hear the reasoning of a killer who thought he was saving
people through death. The only benefit of this inane conversation was that Namatame’s
attention was being taken off of Nanako.
“Why did you target residents who showed up on the television to save them?” Naoto asked.
“Why do they show up on the midnight channel?”
“They kept signaling me… to save them.”
Kanji growled. “You keep saying save this and save that, but all you were doing was
murdering people!”

Namatame looked surprised by that. “Murder… I was saving them.”
“I’m sure you thought you were,” Goro snapped, briefly forgetting himself. “Death is the
only way to salvation, isn’t it? When will you people learn that death isn’t some god to be
fucking worshiped?!”
“All you’re doing is ending innocent lives!” Yosuke agreed.
Namatame grinned. “If you want to think that, go ahead,” he said. “I know you chased us all
the way here… to kill… Well, too bad, because I’m going to save her.”
“Kill?” Yu whispered.
Nanako made a strangled sound as Namatame pressed down harder on her neck. Yu’s eyes
widened into proper panic.
“Just let go of her!” he shouted. “We’re not here to kill anyone!”
“Shut the hell up!”
And then a strange aura rose up around Namatame. His eyes turned yellow, and his grin was
even more unnatural than before. Was his shadow inhabiting his body? Since when had that
been possible? Was it because he wasn’t hiding from his true self?
“What a wonderful world… an unknown, unreachable place… filled with pleasant fog. I’m a
savior.”
“Is that… a shadow?” Yukiko asked.
“Big– bro–” Nanako wheezed. She coughed. “I can’t… breathe.”
“Nana-chan!” Teddie cried.
“We can’t waste any more time,” Yosuke said. He glanced at Kanji. “Let’s do this.”
Kanji and Yosuke charged Namatame’s shadow, pushing him back. In his alarm, he let go of
Nanako. She collapsed forwards into Yu’s arms, already unconscious.
Goro was moments away from taking his sword and impaling Namatame with it.
“Give.. her back…” Namatame gasped.
“Stay the hell away from us if you know what’s good for you,” Goro said.
“I’m… I’m going to save her!”
Namatame’s cry turned into a furious roar, and a huge wave of power pushed everyone
backwards. Yu clutched tightly onto Nanako as Namatame called more shadows to him,
turning him into an enormous angel creature.
Finally, something Goro could actually hurt.

“I–I’m going to save her,” Namatame’s booming voice came from the angel. “Don’t
interfere.”
“Take Nanako,” Yu told Teddie. He looked toward Yukiko and Chie. “You three need to
protect her and Dojima-san.”
Namatame’s shadow cast maziodyne. Teddie and Yosuke barely dodged out of the way in
time. Goro’s entire body crackled with burning electricity, but he stayed standing.
“Are you kidding?” Chie demanded. “I want to beat this guy up too!”
“Chie,” Yu said desperately. “Please.”
“We’ll take care of them,” Yukiko promised. She grabbed Chie by the hand and ran down the
stairs. Teddie followed close behind.
“Alright,” Kanji said. “Let’s teach this son of a bitch a lesson!”
The first half of the battle was more or less simple. Namatame’s attacks were extremely
powerful, but Goro and Yu’s personas had strong enough abilities to make sure nobody
collapsed mid-battle.
Namatame’s strength was still extremely impressive. Even Goro’s strongest attacks only
slightly weakened him. It was a game of endurance. Who would lose strength faster? Who
would dish out enough damage before someone died?
And then Namatame finally began to slump in exhaustion. Goro gasped for breath.
“Just die… already,” he said, readjusting his grip on his sword. His palm was slick with
sweat.
Namatame bowed his head, but he wasn’t dissolving into dust like a dying shadow would.
Instead, a red pulse light came out of his ridiculous peace-sign halo.
And Goro wasn’t in control of his body anymore.
I’m just trying to save her, Namatame’s voice pleaded in his ear desperately. Don’t you want
to save her too?
Of course Goro wanted to save Nanako. So why was he running to Namatame’s side? Why
was everyone else running alongside him? Yu wanted to save Nanako just as much as the rest
of them, so why were they turning against him?
He’s trying to kill her. You have to stop him.
Kanji was already attacking Yu. It was so tempting to follow his lead, but something still
stopped him.
Yu would never try to kill Nanako. He wasn’t a killer.

You thought he was.
No–
Goro’s mind went completely blank.
When he came to, he lay sprawled on the ground. His entire body hurt all over. Kanji helped
him up.
“What happened?” Goro asked, swaying in place. Kanji handed him a soma.
“I’m sorry,” Yu said, dodging one of Namatame’s physical attacks. “I had to–” He summoned
his persona and charged. “--defend myself.”
Shit.
“It happened to all of us,” Kanji said apologetically.
It was like the charm status effect, but at least when Goro was charmed, some part of him
knew that his actions were not his own. Namatame’s mind control was closer to what Maruki
had done. When Goro could barely control his thoughts.
It was sickening, but Namatame was gearing up for another attack. Goro couldn’t afford to
stand around reminiscing.
Goro summoned Hereward. The well placed megidolaon made Namatame lurch forward
even more than before.
“Care to do the honors?” Goro asked Yu. If anyone deserved it, it was him.
Yu’s expression was colder than ice.
“Persona!”
Yu’s persona sliced through Namatame’s shadow at least ten times. The shadow fell to the
ground and turned to stone before crumbling into nothingness.
Namatame stood in its place; his expression confused and frustrated. Goro wanted to punch
him.
“Dammit why…”
Goro slammed his fist into Namatame’s eye. Namatame stumbled backwards and collapsed.
“Goro-kun!” Naoto said sharply.
“What?” Goro asked coldly. “He deserved it.”
“Should’ve let Yu do it, if you ask me,” Kanji said.

But Yu was already sprinting down the stairs alongside Yosuke. Yukiko still cradled Nanako
in her arms. Goro and the others hastened to follow.
“Did she wake up?” Yu asked desperately. He took Nanako from Yukiko and held her close.
“N-no,” Chie said. Her voice wavered. “And Dojima-san isn’t waking up either.”
“This world must not be good for her,” Teddie said. “We need to get her out of here!”
“But we have to be careful with Dojima-san,” Naoto said. “Any unnecessary movement can
cause more harm than good.”
“Do we have any more goho-m’s?” Goro asked immediately.
“Yes, I think so,” Rise said. She reached into her pocket and pulled one out.
“Wait, before that…” Kanji sighed long-sufferingly and nodded toward Namatame. “I guess
we have to bring that asshole along too.”
“Kanji you try to carry Dojima-san on your shoulders,” Yu directed, taking charge. “Yosuke
and Yukiko, can you guys drag Namatame?”
Naoto showed Kanji the proper position to carry Dojima with as little additional injury to
Doijma as possible. Yukiko and Yosuke had each of Namatame’s arms wrapped around their
shoulders and dragged him down the stairs with very little care.
Yu never let go of Nanako.
Rise used the goho-m, and they arrived back at the entrance of the dungeon. The walk back to
the TV world entrance was agonizing at best. They had to slow down to keep everyone in
sight, and Nanako and Dojima still showed no signs of waking up.
“They’re both still alive,” Yu muttered to himself repeatedly. “They’re both alive.”
But for how long?
When they finally made it back to the Junes electronics department, Adachi was still lurking
in the corner.
“Oh my god, you’re back!” Adachi said. He sprinted up to them. “I was kinda worried you
guys weren’t coming out at all– Wait, is that Dojima-san? And Namatame?!”
“Adachi-san, call an ambulance at once,” Naoto said. “Dojima-san is extremely injured, and
Nanako isn’t waking up.”
Adachi already had his phone pulled out. “R-right.”
Nobody exchanged a word with each other until Dojima and Nanako were taken to the
hospital. Yu got on the ambulance alongside Nanako. The rest of the team would be forced to
walk.

As the ambulances pulled away from Junes, Goro pulled out his phone to call Shinjiro.
Twenty-five missed calls from an hour before and multiple text message notifications glared
up at him in the darkness of the night.
Goro frantically opened his messages.
Amada Ken: why wont u answer ur phone
Amada Ken: when u see this call me right away
Goro called Ken without a moment’s hesitation, praying it wasn’t what he thought it was.
Ken answered almost immediately, his voice impatient. “What took you so long—”
“Ken,” Goro interrupted, his voice thin. “What happened?”
“Goro…” Ken’s voice sounded choked, and he hesitated. “You’re too late. Shinjiro’s gone.”

First came shock.
The sort of nauseating shock that seeped into every pore of Goro’s body, making goosebumps
crawl up his skin and his breathing stutter. Goro stood fixated in place and told Ken he’d call
him back. He hung up and stared at his phone.
Gone. Shinjiro’s gone.
The word rang over in Goro’s head like a taunt. Gone. Gone. Gone.
Denial came as quickly as the shock. Ken said gone. Maybe Shinjiro had just run away from
the hospital. Or he moved out of the country. Or–
“Goro-kun?” Kanji rested a hand on Goro’s shoulder. Goro barely felt it. “Sorry to interrupt,
but… are you okay?”
“I–” The words "I'm fine" stuck on the roof of his mouth.
Gone. Gone. Gone.
Shinjiro’s gone.
“Goro?” Kanji asked. “Are you sick or something? You’re kind of freaking me out here.”
No. Shinjiro’s dead.
“I need… I need to go,” Goro said. He could barely hear his own voice over his ears ringing.
“Go? Go where? Aren’t you gonna go to the hospital with us?”

Kanji didn’t understand. He didn’t understand what was wrong.
Because Kanji didn’t know. Goro hadn’t told him. Goro hadn’t told anyone.
“My friend…” is dead. The terrible words that Goro couldn’t stand to spit out.
The others had stopped further ahead of the road. They were waiting for him. They were
probably wondering what was taking Goro so long.
“You’re friend…? What’s going on?” Kanji asked again. His voice was softer. Goro still
flinched.
Kanji didn’t know anything.
Goro shut his phone with a sharp click. He couldn’t look at Ken’s glaring messages any
longer. Instead, he looked Kanji in the eyes.
Kanji’s face was so worried.
Kanji had more important things to worry about than Goro’s problems.
“I have to go back to Iwatodai,” he said. “I’m terribly sorry for my rudeness.”
Kanji furrowed his eyebrows. “What the hell are you talking about?”
“Do I need to spell everything out for you?” Goro snarled. He stepped away from Kanji
furiously. “My friend is dead!”
Everybody stared at Goro in shock. Goro took a deep breath.
“Go see Nanako,” he said evenly. “I need to go back to Iwatodai. Keep me updated.”
He turned around and walked away. Nobody followed him.

Almost the entire team crowded the hospital hallway outside Nanako and Dojima’s rooms.
They’d been sitting and pacing for nearly two hours, waiting for any news about either of
them.
When they first arrived, Kanji explained Goro’s unexpected absence to Yu.
“A friend of his just died, apparently,” Kanji said quietly. “He’s going back to the city.”
Yu understood, but the reminder of death only injected more anxiety into his lungs. He
couldn’t lose Nanako.
Finally, finally, Adachi came back to the group. Everybody stood up eagerly.
“Huh?” Adachi said, sunding surprised. “You guys are still here?”

Where else would they be?
“Adachi-san,” Yukiko said before Yu could say a thing. “Did they find out anything?”
“Well, good news and bad news,” Adachi said.
“Start with the bad,” Yu said immediately.
“They aren’t sure what’s wrong with Nanako-chan,” Adachi said. “Which makes sense if this
is some weird TV phenomenon. They say they have to run more tests before they can figure
out what’s going on with her. And that goes to the perp too. Who knows when we’ll finally
get to hear his story.”
“And the good news?” Yosuke asked.
“Oh, right.” Adachi brightened. “Dojima-san’s awake. The doctors are fairly confident that
he should get out of it alive and well, although he might suffer some lasting pains and stuff
like that.”
Yu had half a mind to collapse in relief. Nanako was alive, and the doctors were at least
confident about Dojima’s recovery. As long as Nanako could fight through whatever aftereffects she suffered from the TV world, things would be alright.
Nanako was a fighter. She would make it.
Things were going to be alright.
“That’s a big relief,” Chie said. “Thank you so much, Adachi-san.”
“Always glad to be the deliverer of good news,” Adachi said. His grin faded into a serious
expression. “But you guys should be getting home. It’s getting late. The last thing we need is
you guys collapsing too.”
“He’s right,” Yosuke said. “Nanako-chan’s going to be fine. Acting all gloomy won’t change
anything.”
Chie grinned. “Oh, how about this? We should have a party for when Nanako gets out of the
hospital!”
“What– isn’t it a little early for that?”
The others began planning Nanako’s coming home party as they left the hospital. Yu stayed
behind.
Adachi stood next to Dojima’s hospital bed. He frowned in alarm when Yu stepped further
inside.
“Huh?” He said. “You’re still here?”

Yu swallowed back a sharp remark. Adachi could be tactless at the best of times, but his heart
was in the right place.
“Where else would I be?”
“I guess I thought you would go back home,” Adachi said. “If you’re worried about Dojimasan, you don’t have to. I’ll keep guard over him.”
“I want to talk to him,” Yu said flatly.
“O-oh.” Adachi stepped away, raising his hands in surrender. “In that case, I’ll just… give
you a moment of privacy.”
Adachi fled the room, and Yu took his place next to Dojima’s bed.
Yu had never seen Dojima out of his gray shirt and red tie. It was almost frightening to see
him dressed in a white hospital gown and forced to take bedrest. Bruises mottled his skin.
When Dojima opened his eyes, he looked pained to do even just that.
“Yu…?” Dojima asked. “…is Nanako…?”
“The doctors still don’t know,” Yu said, echoing what Adachi had surely already told him.
“Right.” Dojima squeezed his eyes shut. “Dammit.”
“Are you okay?” Yu asked. The last time he had seen Dojima outside of the TV world, he had
already been injured from his car wreck.
“You sure… I’m the one who needs that question?” Dojima asked.
“Nanako’s not allowed to have visitors yet,” Yu said.
“That’s not… what I meant.”
Had it only been two nights ago that Yu had sobbed into Yosuke’s shoulder, trying to stop his
life from unraveling entirely?
The tears weren’t there anymore. Yu felt like an old rag. Wrung out and left to dry.
“I’m fine,” Yu said.
“Yeah, right.” Even in its weakened state, Yu detected hints of regret in his voice. “I’m
sorry… if I had trusted you sooner… maybe we could have avoided all this.”
“It’s my fault,” Yu said immediately. “I didn’t trust you either. There was another note, and I
didn’t tell you about it.”
Dojima shifted his head to the side and grimaced. “No… I didn’t give you much reason to
trust me.”

Yu had so much more he wanted to say. He wanted to be angry. To exclaim that Dojima
should have trusted him sooner. He wanted to beg him to live. To recover as soon as possible.
Yu wanted to stay.
But Dojima was obviously too weak to maintain any meaningful conversation, and
exhaustion was truly starting to settle in Yu. Yu pulled up a chair and sat down. He clasped
his hands together and sat quietly by Dojima’s side.
The chair was uncomfortable, and Dojima fell asleep quickly. The hospital machines were
noisy and far from comforting.
It was still better than the chilling silence that waited for him at his home.

Ryotaro drifted back into consciousness when the door to his room shut behind a new visitor.
He forced himself to open his eyes.
Adachi tiptoed further into the room, holding a blanket.
Ryotaro never understood Adachi’s antics. His blasé carelessness even in the worst situations
made him an undependable partner at best. And his lack of respect for protocol made Ryotaro
reluctant to trust him with anything.
Maybe that’s why Ryotaro took slight comfort in injecting incredulousness in his tone when
he next spoke.
“What’re you doing?”
“Oh, Dojima-san!” Adachi said. He looked like Nanako being caught trying to sneak out of
bed past her bedtime. “Sorry. I didn’t mean to wake you up.”
God, Ryotaro missed Nanako. She was only a few rooms over, but she might as well have
been miles away, for what good it did him.
“Don’t tell me… you’re sleeping over.”
“Well, I don’t really intend to sleep, sir,” Adachi said. “But your nephew fell asleep before I
could tell him to hurry home, and I didn’t really want to move him.”
Ryotaro glanced to his left. Sure enough, Yu was slumped against the plastic chair he was
settled in. His eyes were shut, but his face looked set in a frown.
Poor kid looked exhausted even when he was sleeping.
At least he was finally getting some rest.
Ryotaro felt useless as Adachi tossed the blanket on top of Yu. Yu barely even stirred.

“There,” Adachi said. He frowned and glanced at the ceiling. “Though, I guess I will have to
wake him up for school tomorrow.”
“Let him sleep,” Ryotaro said.
“If you say so.”
Ryotaro exhaled shudderingly. “Adachi?”
“Hm?”
“Thanks…” Well, Dojima had been on a streak of swallowing his pride recently. “Sorry for
treating… you so harshly before.”
Adachi chuckled nervously. “It’s alright, Dojima-san.”
Ryotaro closed his eyes. “Haven’t been fair to you.”
“Well, apology accepted, I guess,” Adachi said. “It feels kind of weird to have you
apologizing to me when you’re confined to the hospital bed like that.”
“You’re not hearing it again.”
“Aw, come on,” Adachi said pleadingly. “Admit it. You might seem all scary and harsh on the
outside, but inside, you’re just a big softy, right?”
Ryotaro was exhausted. He let himself fall back asleep before he had to answer.

Chapter End Notes

So sorry guys. No persona for Dojima. He's a boring adult and only persona 5 adults get
personas. /j (i know adults get personas but guys there's a limit to how many people i
can have in a room i refuse to add to the party count)
And against all odds I finally remember that today is social link update day
Fool (0) - Kurusu Tsuyoshi (?) - Rank 8
Jester (0)- Tohru Adachi - Rank: 7
Magician (I)- Hanamura Yosuke - Rank 6
Priestess (II) - Kurusu Akira - Rank 6
Empress (III) - Kirijo Mitsuru - RANK MAX
Emperor (IV) - Tatsumi Kanji - Rank 8
Hierophant (V) - Tatsumi Azumi - Rank 6
Lovers (VI) - Mochizuki Ryoji - RANK MAX
Chariot (VII) - Dojima Ryotaro - Rank 6
Justice (VIII) - Amada Ken - RANK MAX
Hermit (IX) - Sakaki Takaya - RANK MAX

Fortune (X) - Shirogane Naoto - Rank 4
Strength (XI) - Yamamoto Emiko - RANK MAX
Hanged Man (XII) - Kirijo Takeharu - Rank 6
Death (XIII) - Arisato Minato - RANK MAX
Temperance (XIV) - Iori Junpei - RANK MAX
Devil (XV) - Ikutsuki Shuji - Rank MAX
Tower (XVI) - Shido Masayoshi - Rank 5
Star (XVII) - Narukami Yu - Rank 5
Moon (XVIII) - Aragaki Shinjiro - RANK MAX
Sun (XIX) - Dojima Nanako - Rank: 6
Aeon (XX) - Teddie - Rank 6
Judgement (XX) - Velvet Room Attendants - Rank 7
Thank you for reading, i hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 73: November 7–11, 2011
Chapter Summary

where did all the shenanigans goooooo
its only sadnesss hereeeee

Chapter Notes

tw: referenced death, grief, ptsd, implied/referenced child abuse, violence, threats of
death

See the end of the chapter for more notes

This was the fourth time Goro had taken the train between Inaba and Iwatodai.
This ride was by far the longest.
After abandoning the others, he had only briefly stopped by the Tatsumi residence to take his
already packed suitcase. He explained the situation to Tatsumi in as few words as possible.
And then he left.
It was late enough that it was already dark outside. Goro sat with his back ramrod straight
against his chair, staring at the emptiness of the scenery as it zipped past.
A few seats ahead of him, a child was happily exclaiming to her parents about someone she
had played with that day. Her parents smiled and nodded as they listened to their explanation.
They looked so normal. Everyone on the train looked as though this was any other day to
them.
Goro stayed focused on the window. It was easier to control his anger that way.
He briefly called Ken back after he was done reeling.
“Tell me she’s okay,” Ken said quietly. “Tell me that little girl’s okay.”
“I don’t know,” Goro said. “I left as soon as I heard. She’s in the hospital.”

Judging by the stony silence that followed, that answer wasn’t good enough. It wasn't good
enough for Goro either.
“Mitsuru already had his body moved to a funeral home,” Ken said.
Goro closed his eyes. “Okay.”
“What time will you get here?”
“Probably around midnight.”
“…I’ll tell Mitsuru.”
“Right.”
There wasn’t much either of them felt able to say after that. Goro hung up soon after. He
called the others and had a conversation of the same vein with each of them. By the time he
was done, he was completely exhausted.
It still didn’t feel real. None of it felt real.
The train was nearly at Iwatodai when Goro received a text from Kanji.
Tatsumi Kanji: dojima will pull thru. Still dont know what’s wrong with nanako
Goro stared at that message for a long time. As relieved as he was that Nanako wasn’t going
to lose a father, if he had to choose, he’d rather have good news concerning Nanako. This
unknown quantity served as very little solace to him.
Tatsumi Kanji: also ma wants to know when u get to a friends place
Tatsumi Kanji: she’s worried bout traveling this late at night
Goro forced himself to respond.
Akechi Goro: okay thank you for your concern
The train slowly lurched to a stop. Goro took his suitcase and stepped off. Mitsuru said that
someone would be waiting for him by the steps of the station, so Goro headed outside of the
station and looked around.
Akihiko sat at the bottom step.
Of all the people Goro expected to pick him up, Akihiko was the last on his list.
Goro lifted his suitcase and walked down the steps. He silently stood next to Akihiko.
Akihiko looked up at him and sighed.
“Alright,” he said, slapping his knees and standing up. “Let’s go.”
Goro swallowed. “Akihiko—“

“Don’t,” Akihiko said. “I-I can’t hear any more apologies.”
So Goro didn’t. He followed Akihiko to his apartment. Akihiko fumbled with his keys, but
his hands didn’t shake as he unlocked the door.
The apartment was just as it always had been, apart from some clutter. A cutting board and
knife sat by the kitchen sink. A first aid kit sat on the table.
“You don’t mind sleeping on the couch again, right?” Akihiko asked. “Wait—shit. You
probably haven’t eaten dinner yet, have you?”
“I’m not hungry,” Goro said.
“Yeah.” Akihiko’s expression closed off. “I don’t think… I’m not sure there’s any easy way
to make anything with the food in the fridge either. I’ll buy something tomorrow.”
Akihiko began to head down the hall to his bedroom. Before opening the door, he glanced
back toward Goro. “Help yourself if you get hungry. Call me if you need anything.”
“Okay,” Goro said. “I will.”
Akihiko nodded and entered his room. The door echoed shut behind him.
Goro sat down on the sofa and texted Tatsumi to inform her he was safe. He then went into
his contacts and clicked Shinjiro’s number.
Ring… ring… ring…
Why was he doing this? Why was Goro doing the one thing that was sure to make him hurt
more when the inevitable finally came?
Ring… ring…
Why was any of this happening?
“This is Aragaki Shinjiro. For whatever reason , I can’t come to the phone at this time. Leave
a message at the beep. Or don’t. I don’t care.”
Goro hung up immediately.
He had just wanted to hear Shinjiro’s voice again.
“Hey Shinji,” Goro whispered at his still-open phone. He stared at Shinjiro’s number and shut
his eyes. “I’m bored out of my motherfucking mind.”

Apparently, Shinjiro’s will wasn’t very specific regarding funeral arrangements. Akihiko
allowed Mitsuru to arrange the ceremony.
“It will be in a few days, probably,” Akihiko said when Goro asked the following morning.

“Was he—” Goro swallowed back the bile in his throat. “Was he in pain?”
Akihiko shrugged. “Sometimes it looked like he was fighting for every breath he had. But he
fell asleep right before the end. One minute he was sleeping, and the next… well, you know.”
He was asleep. That was good. He wasn’t suffering in the end.
Another, bitter part of Goro wondered what it would be like to have the luxury of dying while
asleep. To be surrounded by friends and family before passing.
He hated himself for it. Shinjiro was dead, and the only thing he could think of was himself.
His grief. His jealous thoughts.
But it was hard to think of anything else. Part of Goro still refused to acknowledge that
Shinjiro was dead at all. A terrible, hopeful part of him thought Shinjiro would enter through
that door and make another snarky comment. That he’d apologize for not being there when
Goro first arrived.
It never happened.
The apartment was painfully quiet throughout the rest of the morning. Akihiko tried to be a
good host, but neither he nor Goro could think of anything to talk about. Eventually, Akihiko
retreated into his bedroom, and Goro tried to read one of his schoolbooks as a distraction.
Still no news about Nanako.
In the afternoon, presumably after classes, Minato reached out and asked Goro if he wanted
to meet at the park. He and Ryoji apparently needed to clear their heads, and they were
inviting everyone else along too.
Goro knocked on Akihiko’s bedroom door.
“Come—” Akihiko grunted. “—in.”
Akihiko was dripping in sweat and doing push-ups. The small punching bag leaning against
the wall looked to be beaten into a pulp.
“I’m going on a run,” Goro told Akihiko. “Do you want to come along?”
Akihiko didn’t even hesitate as he continued doing push-ups. “No, I’m fine,” he said. “Have
fun.”
Goro bit back a concerned comment about Akihiko overworking himself. He knew it
wouldn't be welcome.
Aigis and Junpei took up Minato’s offer. They met at the front of the entrance. Ironically
enough, Ryoji and Minato were the last ones to arrive.
“No offense, but why are you here, Aigis?” Junpei asked. “I mean. You’re not one for
exercise.”

“I was hoping the beauty of the park would distract me,” Aigis said. She glanced behind her.
It really was a beautiful day. The sky was as blue as it ever had been. Even the trees that had
lost all their leaves had a sort of withered beauty about them.
“Didn’t work, did it?” Junpei asked.
“No.” Aigis frowned. “It makes me… angry.”
Minato and Ryoji finally arrived. With the colder months, Ryoji once again wore his favorite
yellow scarf.
“Hi guys,” Ryoji said in faux cheerfulness. “Thanks for doing this with me. And Goro-kun!
Small town life still doing it for ya?”
“Oh, Goro-kun, pardon my rudeness,” Aigis said. “I barely realized you were here.”
“I’ve missed Iwatodai,” Goro said. This was the same park Shinjiro had found him in after
Ikutsuki betrayed them. Had Shinjiro ever realized how much that moment impacted him?
Had Goro known, until this exact moment, how much hope Shinjiro had given him? “Sorry I
didn’t make it back sooner.”
“We understand,” Minato said. His voice lacked some of the emotion it had gained over the
past two years.
“Let’s just go,” Junpei said. “Sorry. I can’t deal with this emotional shit right now. I just want
to let off some steam.”
So they went.

“Sorry, I couldn’t bring myself to make dinner,” Akihiko said that evening. He pulled packets
of frozen ramen from the freezer. “I bought these a few hours ago.”
“I can prepare them, if you want,” Goro said.
“No.” Akihiko scowled. “I can’t… I can’t lie down and do nothing. I know preparing frozen
food takes no effort at all, but that’s why I can’t… I can’t refuse to do even that.”
The ramen was bland and oddly flavored. It barely tasted like good ramen at all. It was
nothing like the noodles Shinjiro took care to season and boil to the perfect consistency.
Goro wanted to throw his bowl against the wall.

Goro wore a suit for the funeral.
He hadn’t worn a suit since Chidori’s funeral. Still, he didn’t even need to look in the mirror
as he tied his tie. The movements were as instinctual as they were when Goro had to wear

that same striped tie for his everyday attire.
Shinjiro would have attended his funeral in that same red coat he wore every day.
Overwhelmed, Goro punched the mirror. Pieces of glass shattered out of place where his fist
connected with its smooth surface. The shards sliced through Goro’s skin. Blood dripped
from his fist, nearly staining his white shirt.
“Goro?!” Akihiko shouted. He sounded scared. “Are you okay?”
Were any of them okay? “I’m fine,” Goro said. He went to the kitchen where the first aid still
sat on the table.
“You’re bleeding,” Akihiko said. He sounded almost furious as he pulled the gauze out of the
first aid kit. “Goddammit, Goro. You’re hurt. That’s not fine at all. Why are you so allergic to
asking for help?”
“Well, excuse me for thinking that we had bigger things to worry about,” Goro said.
“You really think that Shinji would want you to be a martyr on his behalf?” Akihiko snapped.
He grabbed Goro’s hand and inspected the injury.
“Well, I don’t know, do I?” Goro asked coldly. “He’s too fucking dead to ask.”
Akihiko flinched backwards and stared at Goro with a stunned expression.
“He cared,” Akihiko said. “He cared so damn much about all of us. Too much, if you ask me.
So don’t act like he wouldn’t be worried.”
Goro’s anger only flared higher.
“I never asked for him to care about me,” he said. “Maybe, if he had just left me alone, I
wouldn’t be feeling this way right now!”
Akihiko’s mouth turned to a thin line. For a minute, Goro half-wondered if Akihiko was
going to hit him.
“Well, he was just as much a bastard in life as he is in death, I guess,” Akihiko said. “Stay
still and let me clean your wound.”
Goro resisted the urge to yank his hand away. If he caused too much drama over a single
injury, they were going to be late to the funeral. More shame was the last thing Goro needed.
They were still almost late.
Goro didn’t actually recognize all of the guests. Shinjiro made friends in the last two years of
his life. Coworkers at his restaurant, friends of Akihiko that got to know him in turn, even a
few old classmates who he reconnected with. It wasn’t what anyone would call the largest
social sphere, but it was more than Goro had been expecting.

Had Goro really been so distant that he hadn’t known about these people? Some of them
spoke about Shinjiro as if they had known him their entire lives. One of the former
classmates reminisced with Akihiko about a time Shinjiro stole the teacher’s entire printed
stack of tests in the hopes of avoiding the exam altogether.
It sounded like something Shinjiro would do. It didn’t change that Goro knew nothing about
it.
Emiko and Ken attended the funeral, of course. Emiko hadn’t known Shinjiro extremely well,
but she was still familiar with him through association with Goro and Ken.
“I’m glad you could make it,” Ken said stiffly, but Goro had known Ken long enough to
recognize the traces of resentment in his eyes.
“I’m sorry for your loss,” Emiko said, looking close to tears herself.
“I am too,” Goro said. He looked at Ken while he said it.
Ken’s expression shuttered. He glanced away in a fashion that screamed we will talk about
this later.
As long as they didn’t cause a scene during the ceremony, Goro didn’t care what they talked
about.

They didn’t cause a scene during the ceremony.
They may have caused a scene immediately after, as guests were leaving.
“How’s Nanako?” Ken asked.
“I haven’t gotten any news yet,” Goro said.
“Is she going to die?”
“Die?” Emiko’s voice wavered in anxiety. “Who’s dying?”
Sometimes, Goro wondered if it would behoove them to just tell Emiko the whole truth about
the cognitive world. It would save some inherent distance between her and the other two.
But, knowing Emiko, she would want to help fight the shadows, and she had never showed
any signs of having the potential to summon a persona. She would only put herself in danger.
“My friend’s little sister was kidnapped,” Goro said, sticking with as much of the truth as
possible. “They recovered her, but she is currently comatose.”
Emiko was stricken. “That’s horrible!”
“That’s why Goro stayed in Inaba later than he intended,” Ken said. He sounded physically
pained. “He nobly wanted to make sure she was found first.”

The way Ken said it, one would assume that being noble was a capital offense.
Emiko noticed too.
“Are you two fighting?” She asked.
“Not last I checked,” Goro said, glancing at Ken warily. “I wish I could have gotten to
Iwatodai sooner too.”
“I’m sorry your brand-new friends were too important for you to leave.”
“I’m sorry?” Goro asked, absolutely flabbergasted. “Did you miss the part where a sevenyear-old was in mortal peril?”
“Did you miss the part where our friend died, and you weren’t even there to say goodbye?!”
“I spoke to him on the phone every fucking day.”
“And I was actually there!” Ken looked about ready to punch Goro. “What happened to being
here, huh? You promised.”
“I couldn’t exactly predict the entire world was going to go to hell around the same time he
collapsed, could I?”
“You’re blaming him for this?”
“His timing was god-awful.”
“He waited for you,” Ken said angrily. “And you never showed.”
“Guys—” Emiko said.
“He wanted me to stay.” Goro stepped up to Ken threateningly. “Something you seem to fail
to understand.”
“Maybe if we all took a deep breath—”
“You don’t understand how alone I felt,” Ken said. “I thought you would be there, and you
weren’t. You didn’t even call to see how I was doing.”
“First I fail Shinjiro, and now I’m failing you.” Goro was moments away from punching Ken
in the nose. “Is there anyone else you would like to add to that list while you’re at it?”
“You think it’s just me?” Ken asked. “Everyone wanted you to be there. And now the girl you
worked so hard to save might not recover anyway—“
And then Goro did punch him in the nose.
Ken stumbled backwards before launching himself forward and punching Goro in the gut.
Goro was about to respond in turn, but Emiko shoved herself in between the two.

“Stop, stop!” Emiko shouted. “What are you doing?”
Blood was already dripping from Ken’s nose and onto his suit. Goro leaned over and
breathed heavily. He wasn’t sure if his heart was pumping from rage or adrenaline.
“What is going on?” Mitsuru asked, pulling herself away from another conversation.
Neither Goro nor Ken said anything. Emiko glanced between them helplessly.
“Well?” Mitsuru asked. “Are any of you going to be mature about this?”
“It was my fault,” Ken said suddenly. His voice was hoarse and choked, and Goro looked up
quickly. As angry as he felt, he hadn’t wanted to accidentally kill Ken in the process.
But no. It wasn’t his injury impeding his voice. It was the tears rolling down his face.
“Ken?” Mitsuru asked.
“I… I was out of line,” Ken said. “I provoked him.”
“That’s very honest,” Mitsuru said. She didn’t ask what Ken had said to cause Goro to punch
him in the face. Goro was glad to avoid any needless comfort. “But Goro, I expect better
from you. When has fists ever ended a conflict?”
“When you knock your attacker unconscious,” Goro said. He nursed his fist reluctantly. It
was going to need extra care when he and Akihiko got back to the apartment.
“Not helpful,” Emiko whispered.
“I don’t know what you two were fighting about, but you are both mature enough to handle it
with words,” Mitsuru said. “Work this out.”
Ken nodded. Goro glanced at the ground so that he wouldn't have to look at Mitsuru’s
disappointed expression.
“So?” Emiko asked. “Are you going to make up now?”
“I’m sorry,” Ken said. “I don’t know… you were right to stay. I don’t know what I was
thinking.”
Despite the obvious remorse on Ken’s face, it was clear that a part of Ken still wanted to
blame Goro for everything.
“I shouldn’t have punched you,” Goro said. “Sorry.”
“Let’s just avoid making promises we can’t keep from now on,” Ken said. “It might save us
some trouble.”
“Is that a promise?” Goro asked dryly.
Ken glowered.

Death opened old wounds and created new ones. When it came to a death like Shinjiro’s,
with no clear killer, the ridiculous urge to blame anyone who slighted him was a very real
feeling.
A horrible, nasty part of Goro wanted to blame Ken’s mother for Shinjiro’s death. If she had
never died, Shinjiro would never have started taking those suppressants in the first place. He
would still be there, probably telling them to stop acting like toddlers.
Goro never said the words out loud, as much as that nasty part of him wanted to. Ken would
never forgive him.
Goro did understand why Ken was angry at him, but he didn’t regret staying to save Nanako.
Goro did regret not being there for Shinjiro.

Goro stopped coming to school. That, or he was doing an expert job of avoiding Akira.
It wouldn’t be that much of a surprise if he was avoiding Akira. Goro had left in a hurry on
Monday, not explaining what was bothering him so much. And it was obvious something had
been bothering him.
Maybe he was sick. Or maybe something terrible happened.
Either way, Akira was becoming sick with anxiety. The more days that passed without Goro
miraculously reappearing, the more Akira wondered if he would have to take matters into his
own hands.
Finally, Akira went to Tatsumi Textiles and asked Tatsumi-san himself.
“Goro-kun?” Tatsumi asked. “Oh dear, he didn’t tell you?”
Akira shouldn’t have been disappointed. He knew something was wrong.
“Tell me what?”
“His good friend died the other day, apparently,” Tatsumi said. “He returned to the city for
the funeral. He should be coming back soon, though. Feel free to play with the poor cat in the
meantime.”
Good friend? Dead? How? When?
No wonder Goro had seemed so distracted the other day. Akira would be distracted too if
Goro suddenly died without warning.
Still, why hadn’t Goro told Akira himself?
Come to think of it, maybe Akira should have texted him. Whoops.

Akihiko started to behave… oddly normally after the funeral.
Oddly in the sense that he was returning to his normal life. It was as if Shinjiro hadn’t died at
all.
“The last thing Shinji would want me to do is mope around all day,” Akihiko said when he
saw Goro’s perplexed expression. “I have school to catch up on.”
“He hasn’t been dead for a week,” Goro said.
“I know how to count the days.”
“He hasn’t been dead for a week,” Goro reiterated. “And you’re already getting over it?”
Akihiko’s eyes flashed. “Don't think for a minute this is me getting over it,” he said. Goro
almost flinched. Instead, his expression twitched violently. “Shinji lived his last days to the
fullest. I’m not going to spit on his memory by wasting mine.”
An open envelope sat on the kitchen table. Goro recognized Akihiko’s name written in
Shinjiro’s untidy scrawl on its white surface.
Was that one of the letters Shinjiro had passed out to the group back in January last year?
Back when they still genuinely thought the world might end?
Goro had left his in his room in Inaba. The horror of the death was too raw, too fresh. It
barely occurred to Goro that he might want to read the letter at all. How many months had he
spent considering the letter a part of a grim future? A future that Goro didn’t want to think
about until that time came?
It was that time. Goro still found himself oddly reluctant to even think about opening the
letter.
He couldn’t look at it until he got to Inaba anyway. Goro would worry about it then.

Goro returned to Inaba that Friday. As much as he wanted to stay in Iwatodai, both school
and the Dojimas’ conditions drew him back.
Shinjiro’s letter also burned a hole into Goro’s mind. It was an itch he couldn’t get rid of, and
Goro had a feeling he would never be able to rest until he read its contents.
Neither of the Tatsumi’s were home. A note on the table said that Tatsumi had gone grocery
shopping. Kanji must be spending time with the others, likely hanging out at the hospital and
waiting for good news on Nanako.
Goro went straight to his room. Monster Cat meowed at him, perched on top of his climbing
toy.

Goro would pet him later. For now, Goro needed to at least make sure that the letter was still
safely inside the drawer Goro hid it in. He dropped his suitcase on the floor and yanked open
the dresser drawer. Ken’s action figure still sat on top of Ryoji’s scarf. Goro shoved the scarf
to the side.
Goro’s copy of Shinjiro’s will still sat at the bottom of the drawer. Goro had read it about a
thousand times the past two years, but he hadn’t wanted to take Shinjiro’s cooking knives
back to Inaba. It felt rude to just take something that used to belong to Shinjiro and leave.
Akihiko would deliver them when he was ready.
Shinjiro’s letter, on the other hand, was nowhere to be seen.
Goro wondered if this was what Shinjiro felt every time Goro did something lifethreateningly stupid. Every time Goro was somewhere he wasn’t supposed to be.
The letter wasn’t where it was supposed to be. And, as Goro began ransacking his dresser
drawers, he found that it wasn’t anywhere at all.
Where the fuck was it?
“Looking for something?”
Goro spun around, still clutching a shirt he had just yanked from his drawer. Monster Cat
hissed violently.
Tsuyoshi stood in the back corner of Goro’s room, holding a slightly wrinkled envelope
between two fingers.
“Give that back,” Goro whispered. His rage made his entire body shake. “You fucking
bastard, give that back right now.”
“Or what?” Tsuyoshi asked, smirking. “You’ll kill me? I’d like to see you try.”
Goro’s sword was tucked away in his closet. There was no way Goro would be able to reach
it in time. Not before Tsuyoshi pinned him down, or worse, did something to the letter.
“What do you want?”
“I can’t extend my apologies for what happened?” Tsuyoshi asked. “I heard about poor
Shinjiro. But, then again, it was the little brat’s fault he was dying in the first place.”
Every survival instinct in Goro screamed to stay still. To not move a muscle.
Goro was never good at listening to his survival instincts.
He sprinted forward and grabbed Tsuyoshi’s tie. If he could pull it tightly enough, maybe he
could strangle him–
Tsuyoshi brought his hand around Goro’s neck. Goro finally froze.

“Don’t go so mad at me for quoting what you said yourself,” Tsuyoshi said. “The meaner side
of you had a lot of unsavory things to say about your little friend, huh?”
“You don’t have any right to say anything about him,” Goro snarled. He grabbed for the
letter, but Tsuyoshi yanked his hand away just as Goro’s fingers brushed against the paper.
His hold on Goro’s neck tightened as he tutted. “Uh-uh. Grabbing is rude.” With a single
hand, he ripped open the seal of the envelope and pulled out the letter. He angled it so that
Goro couldn’t see a single word. “Now, let’s see what dear Shinjiro had to say to you.”
If it wasn’t already getting difficult to breathe, Goro would have held his breath. As it was,
Goro’s breaths sounded more like short, angry gasps.
“Goro,” Tsuyoshi read. “You probably hate my guts right about now– very true –but I hope
you don’t burn this letter until after you read its contents… Now, there’s an idea.”
“No,” Goro wheezed. He scratched at Tsuyoshi’s arm, trying to get him to loosen his grip on
his throat. Tsuyoshi didn’t even falter. He pinned Goro against the wall. Stars flooded Goro’s
vision. “Don’t. I’ll burn you. If you even think about burning that letter–”
Monster Cat tried to launch himself onto Tsuyoshi, but Tsuyoshi didn’t even blink at the cat’s
claws in his leg.
“You know, I really liked that stunt you pulled back at my little shack,” Tsuyoshi said
conversationally. “A tracker? Very cute. You know the best part? I wasn’t even expecting
such forwardness. I bet you weren’t expecting this, either.”
Goro didn’t beg. But as Tsuyoshi began crumpling the letter in his fist, he was starting to feel
frantic.
“Please,” Goro gasped. “Don’t do it. I won’t poke around in your business ever again, just
don’t burn it–”
Tsuyoshi shushed him. “There, there, Goro-kun,” he said. His eyes still skimmed the letter
with a vengeance. “Don’t cry. All of this whining is really becoming pathetic.”
“You bastard–” It was getting harder and harder to breathe, and his voice was barely audible.
“I’ll kill you. If you don’t give me that letter, I’ll–”
The letter burst into flames.
Goro screamed.
“Well, I’d hate to be killed,” Tsuyoshi said. He dropped the ashes of the letter on the floor.
“There you go. I’m sure you’ll be able to put that back together.”
“I’m home!” Tatsumi called out from the front of the house.
Tsuyoshi dropped Goro. His entire body hit the ground with a painful thump. Goro coughed
and gasped for breath. He needed oxygen.

He needed Shinjiro.
“Whoops, maybe I did too much damage,” Tsuyoshi said. “Don’t want you dying quite yet.”
Tsuyoshi snapped his fingers. The pain in Goro’s neck went away immediately.
Goro saw red. “Get the fuck out.”
Tsuyoshi raised his hands in surrender. “Fine, fine, I’m going.”
Goro was about to scream at Tsuyoshi to leave, but there was a knock on his door.
“Goro-kun?” Tatsumi asked. “I heard voices. Is everything all right in there?”
Goro turned back toward Tsuyoshi. He was gone. It was just Goro and a small pile of ash.
Goro could still feel the phantom pain of fingers wrapped around his throat. He continued
taking overly deep breaths, trying to relish the feeling of air properly entering his lungs.
He stared at the remains of Shinjiro’s letter and tried not to feel the burning rush of emotion
that came with it.
Shinjiro’s last words to Goro. Gone. And Goro would never know what they said.
Monster Cat meowed, almost sounding concerned. Goro remembered the person standing
behind the door.
“I’m–I’m fine, Tatsumi-san,” Goro said.
He used to be such a better liar than this.
“Can I come in?” Tatsumi asked.
Goro stood up and let Tatsumi into the room. Tatsumi frowned when she saw Goro’s face.
“Do they feed you in the city?”
They used to.
“I wasn’t very hungry,” Goro said.
Tatsumi still looked unsettled. “Why do I smell smoke?”
Not to worry, Goro did not say, it’s only the ashen remains of the last words my dead friend
wanted me to read after he died. It wasn’t like it was my last chance to hear from him or
anything. I’ll clean it up.
Goro opened his mouth to say that he was burning a candle.
Instead, he burst into tears.

Goro tried to stop, but the harder he tried to keep the tears at bay, the more furiously they
poured down his cheeks. It was almost harder to breathe normally than when in Tsuyoshi’s
chokehold.
Goro hadn’t cried like this in years.
Without warning, Tatsumi gently wrapped her arms around Goro. Goro stiffened, but she
didn’t move. She just stood there, gently rubbing his back in a way that felt good. It felt like
comfort.
“Would you like me to stop?” Tatsumi asked quietly.
Goro almost said yes, that he wanted to be left alone, that he didn’t deserve this kind of
comfort, that, that—
But he was crying too violently to say anything at all. He unthinkingly grabbed onto
Tatsumi’s kimono for support and shook his head.
Please don’t go, he thought between tears. Oh god, Shinjiro, why did you go?
Grief and rage and hate and love pushed its way out of Goro. Something was furiously trying
to wash the emotions from his system, trying to make him feel as if there was nothing there at
all.
It wasn’t working. The emotions were tangling together, like Goro’s horribly mishandled
yarn when he tried crocheting. They created a painful knot in his stomach, refusing to
become undone.
Without thinking, Goro collapsed to his knees, causing Tatsumi to sit down with a quiet huff
of surprise. She didn’t retract the hug, and Goro buried his face into her shoulder,
consequences be damned. He couldn’t care anymore, couldn’t hold himself up anymore. Not
anymore. Not anymore.
Shinjiro was dead. He was gone and he would never come back. Goro would never hear his
voice again, never bicker with him again, never even worry about his health again. Shinjiro
was dead, and Goro was trapped in a world that hated him. A world that yanked away every
part of Goro that really mattered and left him to die an empty husk of himself.
Goro handled the emotions the only way he knew how.
He screamed. He screamed until he had no air left to give. He screamed until his tears
became nothing but hiccupping sobs.
Tatsumi didn’t flinch away. She didn’t retreat from Goro’s agony.
She stayed.
That only made the knot inside Goro tighten. Tatsumi shouldn’t stay. Tatsumi shouldn’t want
anything to do with him.

Goro was a vile, evil person. He had killed for a living without an ounce of remorse.
Shinjiro was only a kid who made a terrible mistake.
And now Shinji was dead. Goro was alive.
That felt like the greatest crime of them all.
Hierophant Arcana: Rank 7

Fool Arcana: Rank 9

Chapter End Notes

Guys! Finally! Goro has CRIED and he's like had a proper hug for once in his life. This
is huge.
And thank the tumblr anon for getting the chapter 20 minutes earlier i guess lol.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments.

Chapter 74: November 11–16, 2011
Chapter Summary

Goro does the impossible
We're so proud of him

Chapter Notes

tw: suicidal thoughts, ptsd, hospitals, grief, references to death
hi link

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Igor wasn’t in the Velvet Room when Goro entered.
“Oh, Goro-kun,” Theodore said. Being his attendant, Theo was almost always the first one to
greet Goro upon entering. “What can I do for you today?”
“I want to go back,” Goro said.
Theodore’s face fell. “What do you mean?”
“You know what I mean,” Goro said. His voice cracked. “I don’t care if you don’t know how.
Isn’t this place between time and matter? I want to go back to my own time.”
Marie looked woefully confused. Margaret’s expression was one of deep resignation.
Panic was the best word to describe Theodore. “Goro-kun, you know I cannot do that for
you,” he said. “But maybe we could go out somewhere where you can vent your feelings?”
“Vent my feelings?” Goro took a deep breath. “You want me to vent my feelings?”
“You never let me vent my feelings,” Marie muttered.
“Marie,” Margaret said sharply.
“Liz lets me vent my feelings,” Marie said.

“You and your family of supernatural beings have been dragging me into your messes for
years now,” Goro said. “Why do we always have to clean up these metaverse anomalies?
Aren’t these gods and beings your problem? Why can’t you go out and fix it yourself?”
“It’s against the rules–” Margaret said just as Theodore said, “I think you are overestimating
our strength.”
“Rules? Strength?” Goro laughed bitterly. “Don’t give me that bullshit. You’re stronger than
any human could ever dream of being. You could have gone out there and saved us time and
time again, instead of giving me useless information and trinkets to use in battle.”
Theodore flinched. “Goro-kun–”
“So, you drag me back in time to help a bunch of other children clean up your problems, am I
missing something here? Would it kill you to choose an adult as a wildcard for once in your
lives?”
“We don’t choose our guests, and we had nothing to do with your reawakening,” Margaret
said. “Your arrival to this time is just as much of a mystery to us as it is to you.”
“But you have the power to put me back, don’t you?”
The silence was deafening. Marie still looked confused, but she had the common sense to
keep her mouth shut.
“I am living a lie,” Goro said. “I am doomed to live a lie for the rest of my life, and the best
you can tell me is that you don’t know? That you can’t interfere?”
“We exist to aid humanity in its battle against evil,” Margaret said. “That is our only role.”
“Elizabeth seems to think otherwise.”
“In spite of Elizabeth’s best efforts, she cannot actually depart from this room for long
periods of time,” Margaret said. “We are bound to this realm without the help of a human
counterpart. We cannot easily conquer threats to humanity.”
“You could snap your fingers and kill most shadows.”
“Power corrupts absolutely,” Theodore quoted. “I’m sure that’s a human proverb
somewhere.”
Goro glowered. “Your point being?”
“If we chose to ‘save’ humanity because of our immense power, we may begin overstepping
our bounds, becoming just like the enemies we wish to be defeated,” Theodore said.
Margaret nodded. “How many deities have you fought who believed they were aiding
humanity in their struggles?”

Nyx had wanted to free humanity from life. The god of control was giving humanity their
desire to be free of difficult choices. Maruki had tried to remove everyone’s pain by
brainwashing the entire world.
Goro couldn’t believe that Margaret actually had a point.
“Fine. You insist on not helping fight our battles,” Goro said through gritted teeth. “How is
that stopping you from putting me back?”
“Goro-kun,” Theodore said gently. “You’re dead on that side of reality. We cannot put your
soul inside of a corpse.”
“I’d rather be dead than trapped here!”
Goro felt dizzy almost as soon as the words came out of his mouth. He wanted to take them
back, but that would mean the words weren’t true. And he had a horrible feeling that he had
meant exactly what he said.
“You don’t mean that,” Margaret said after an uncomfortable pause.
“Don’t I?” Goro asked bitterly. “People die wherever I go. I can’t even suffer the
consequences of my actions because of my situation. If I were dead, at least, at least that
would be some form of retribution for my victims.”
“Has it occurred to you that this place might be the justice you’re so desperately seeking?”
Theodore asked. “You have the chance to save lives. That will mean far more to potential
victims than your death.”
“I haven’t saved anyone,” Goro said.
“I think you would be surprised,” Margaret said.
“This– this is hell,” Goro said. “I don’t care who I’ve saved. I don’t care about justice or
punishment. I just want to be done.”
“And you think death will release you from that pain?” Theodore asked.
Goro didn’t believe in an afterlife. Or, at least, he thought he didn’t. That was why the next
words that came out of his mouth were absolutely absurd.
“At least the people I love would be there!” Goro’s hands shook, and he pressed them against
Igor’s table. “I could see Shinjiro again, I could see my mother again, maybe even Akira
would be there.”
“Akira is alive,” Margaret said gently.
“You know what I meant.”
“Do you really want to die?” a new, but not unfamiliar voice asked. Goro looked to his right
to see Lavenza standing next to him. She must have entered while he was yelling.

Goro didn’t say anything. He knew Lavenza was probably older than him, but she looked like
she was Nanako’s age. Nanako, who was still unconscious in the hospital with very little
signs of waking up.
“I don’t think you do,” Lavenza said for Goro.
“You don’t know what I want,” Goro said hoarsely. “Everyone thinks they know me. They
don’t. Nobody really knows me.”
“We all wear masks to protect ourselves from the evils of the world,” Lavenza said. “But
masks reflect what is hidden within. To know someone’s mask is to know a part of them as
well.”
“Get to the point.”
“You hate, Goro-kun, but that is because you love,” Lavenza said. “You love so much that it
hurts, so you turn it to hate to make the pain less.”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Goro scoffed. “They’re polar opposites.”
But Goro knew that wasn’t true. Hate and love were both passion toward another person.
They just had different sentiments behind them.
“Grief cannot be healed with hate!” Lavenza said passionately. Her face set in a determined
scowl. “Only by continuing to love deeply will those wounds begin to heal.”
Lavenza’s words dripped of idealism. She acted as though it was easy to choose to keep
loving in a world that wanted nothing more than to tear him to shreds. In a world that took
the very things Goro loved and ripped them away.
“I’m tired,” Goro admitted. “I’m… scared.”
He spat the last word out like it was a curse.
Igor reappeared behind his table suddenly. Goro took a sudden step backwards into Lavenza,
who politely stepped to the side.
“I’m afraid I overheard the tail end of your conversation on my way back here,” Igor said. “I
hope you aren’t treating my attendants too harshly.”
Igor might have an odd and jovial appearance on his exterior, but Goro knew a threat when
he heard one.
And as safe as he might subconsciously feel around the Velvet Room attendants–safe enough
to yell at them, at least–Goro held no illusions of Igor being a kindly person. Goro was quite
afraid of what he would see if he ended up pissing Igor off.
“I was just leaving,” Goro said frostily. He began to turn away. “Thank you for your
hospitality.”

“It is only natural for someone in your situation to feel frightened,” Igor said, stopping Goro
in his tracks. “That is why it is especially important to remember your bonds.”
Was that all Igor knew how to talk about? Bonds and personas and contracts that had yet to
be fulfilled?
“Sometimes, it seems that my bonds are doing more harm than good,” Goro said.
“Perhaps, that is because you refuse to confide even in those who you have formed an
unbreakable bond with,” Igor said, a smile still on his face. “Your fear can become strength,
but not if you let it stifle you first.”
“I don’t need to listen to this,” Goro said.
“And please remember that this Velvet Room is a sanctuary from the evils you face,” Igor
said.
Goro left the so-called “sanctuary” before Igor could continue butting his abnormally long
nose into issues he could never understand.
Judgement Arcana: Rank 8

And yet, Goro couldn’t manage to get Igor’s words out of his head.
He hadn’t confided in anyone, had he? He’d gone to Inaba and retreated into his shell, barely
communicating with his friends back home and not trusting his new friends enough to help
him.
No wonder Ken had been so frustrated with Goro lately. For all Goro’s complaining that Ken
never confided with him before shit hit the fan two years ago, Goro had turned around and
started doing the exact same thing to him.
And what had he promised Shinjiro? That he would tell someone about the shit going on in
his life? That he would confide in others when something was wrong?
He couldn’t even tell the Investigation Team that his friend was dying. He was no closer to
trusting people with his problems than he was two years ago.
Did he really not trust them? He trusted them with his life, sure, but did he really truly trust
them? He thought he was protecting the others. Maybe he didn’t trust them to protect
themselves.
He went to school for the first time in what felt like a week on Saturday, even though it had
only really been four days. Those four days in Iwatodai were some of the longest days in his
life.
“I heard about your friend,” Akira said as they walked home together. Akira looked slightly
uncomfortable, as though Goro were some entity that he only just met. “I’m really sorry.”

Confide in him, a treacherous voice inside Goro whispered. You need to confide in him. He
confided in you, didn’t he?
“You didn’t do anything,” Goro said, ignoring that voice entirely. “Don’t be sorry.”
“You know that’s not what I meant.”
“I know.”
So things stayed tense and awkward throughout the rest of their journey. Goro was almost
grateful when Akira told him he could walk the rest of the way to his house from the
shopping district.
But as he watched Akira walk away with a sad expression on his face, Goro mostly just felt
tired.
He hadn’t had the opportunity to visit the hospital since he got back to Inaba. He wasn’t
about to give himself more regrets by being too afraid to go.
Nanako still wasn’t receiving any visitors. Inexplicably enough, Goro went to Dojima’s room
instead.
Dojima was a wreck, but somewhat improved since the last time Goro saw him. He lay in his
hospital bed, looking as though every breath was a struggle. But some of the swelling around
his face had died down. He was conscious.
“Ah, Akechi-kun,” Dojima said weakly. “Didn’t expect to see you here.”
“My apologies for not coming sooner,” Goro said. He sat down at the plastic chair already
sitting next to Dojima’s bed. “I had to leave town for personal reasons.”
“Don’t apologize,” Dojima said. “I know you’re not holding your breath on my behalf
anyway. Every day at least someone comes in to ask about Nanako.”
Goro wasn’t about to correct him.
“Has there been any sign of improvement?” Goro asked.
Dojima shut his eyes, looking physically pained. He probably was. “They don’t know,” he
said. “They don’t even know if she’ll wake up at all.”
If Goro had been less tired, or if Shinjiro hadn’t just died, maybe he would have been able to
hold his tongue long enough before he said, “I didn’t realize you cared.”
Goro expected Dojima to try to launch out of his bed and throttle Goro. At the very least, he
expected a furious expression and some sharp words.
But Dojima just looked sad.

“I’ve always cared,” he said. “I just… lost sight of what was important, somewhere along the
way.”
“How do you lose sight of your own daughter?” It sounded accusatory, which it was, but
Goro genuinely wanted to know the answer. “She loves you more than anything, and you just
left her to learn how to take care of herself!”
“I'm a coward.”
“That’s not an explanation,” Goro said.
“No.” Dojima sighed. “I guess it’s not.”
Goro waited expectantly.
“I convinced myself that things would be alright if I could chase down Chisato’s killer,”
Dojima said. “But really, I was too afraid to face reality. And Nanako suffered for it.”
Goro wanted to stay angry. A part of him still burned with rage. But the rest of his emotions
might as well have been doused with cold water.
He would be a hypocrite to pretend he wasn’t guilty of doing the exact same thing. The only
difference was instead of being a lackluster parent, Goro was a mass murderer.
“You have no idea how quickly the world can crush children like her,” Goro said. He didn’t
bother curbing the bitterness in his tone.
“Speaking from experience?”
Goro dug his nails into his thigh.
“Nanako’s nothing like me.”
“It’s obvious you’ve been through some shit,” Dojima said. “All of you kids have.”
“My problems are my own,” Goro snapped. “Don’t flip this on me.”
“You want me to be there for Nanako,” Dojima said. “And I promise I will. But you’re a kid
too. Are you letting anyone be there for you?”
Goro left the room as his response.
Chariot Arcana: Rank 7

Goro called Shinjiro that night.
He wasn’t in denial. He knew he wasn’t going to get a response. That didn’t stop him from
waiting through the rings impatiently. Monster Cat had the grave misjudgment of sitting in
Goro’s lap, and Goro clutched onto his fur tightly. He couldn’t fall to pieces. Not yet.

“This is Aragaki Shinjiro. For whatever reason I can’t come to the phone at this time. Leave
a message at the beep. Or don’t. I don’t care.”
The proceeding sound was shrill enough to make Goro flinch.
Goro took a deep breath.
“Fuck you,” he said. “I hate you. How could you just leave me like this?”
No. It didn’t matter. Shinjiro couldn’t hear any of this shit anyway. There was no point in
filling the message with complete garbage. As a matter of fact, everything Goro was even
planning on saying was an exercise in futility. What was he even doing–
Monster Cat meowed. For some reason, the sound was enough for Goro to continue.
“I’m scared,” Goro said. “Which I’m sure is no surprise to you, since you were always
insisting I talk to someone about my problems, and I had a whole phantom that existed to tell
me I was scared, so I suppose I shouldn’t have bothered stating the obvious.
“But Akira’s uncle, but he’s not really Akira’s uncle, has it out for me. I don’t know what he
wants, and I don’t know how to kill him, and I’m terrified that he’s going to kill all of you as
a way to get to me. Which, again, I suppose is a waste of time to say, since you’re already
fucking dead.”
Goro wanted to stab something.
“I hope you don’t mind that I used your phone as practice for when I dump my problems on
an actually living and breathing person. Bye.”
Goro hung up and threw his phone across the room. It collided against the wall with a
spectacular bang.
Goro froze and waited for Tatsumi to ask what was wrong. Hopefully, she would fail to
notice the small dent Goro made in her wall.
Instead, his phone began ringing.
Goro picked up Monster Cat and walked up to the phone. It had landed face up on the
ground. Akihiko’s caller ID glared threateningly up at him.
Why the hell was Akihiko calling Goro at this hour?
Goro answered the phone.
“What the fuck was that about your friend’s uncle?”
“Akihiko,” Goro said, feeling almost faint. “You weren’t meant to hear that. Why did you
hear that?”
“I was going to delete the voicemail and my finger slipped--"

"Why the hell did you keep listening?" Goro demanded, half-furious, half terrified.
"Because knowing you, you would tell a answering machine critical information, and I was
worried. I'll apologize for my invasive curiosity once you tell me why you've been keeping
the fact that you're in danger a secret,” Akihiko said. “What the hell, Goro?”
“It’s not… who am I kidding? It’s probably exactly as bad as it sounds.”
“You’re in an honest mood,” Akihiko said. “Good. Now, how long has your life been
threatened by this guy?”
Akihiko was going to kill Goro. When Goro had planned on coming clean on his own terms,
he was going to tell Minato first. Or maybe Mitsuru. Hell, explaining the real reason they
found that mirror to Junpei would be better than this.
“Goro, I’m really not encouraged by this lack of an answer,” Akihiko said. “How much was
it? Weeks? Months?”
“How about two and a half years?”
Akihiko didn’t say anything for approximately one and a half seconds. Then he released one
of the most impressive stream of swearing that Goro had ever heard from him.
“Two and half years?” Akihiko asked. “That’s… that’s before you joined SEES.”
“If it’s any comfort to you, he didn’t start actively threatening my life until that October,”
Goro said.
“That’s not comforting at all!” Akihiko inhaled deeply, his breath crackling through the
phone speakers. “Were you ever planning on telling someone about this?”
“I’m telling you now, aren’t I?”
“Every time I find out about something, you tell me that,” Akihiko said. “Could you stop
giving that bullshit excuse and be honest with me?”
A rush of emotion struck Goro like a bullet. He wasn’t sure if it was rage, sadness, or fear,
but it was enough for Goro to almost say nothing at all.
“I’m not sorry for trying to protect your lives,” Goro said. “And before that I barely even
knew you. Why would I confide in you?”
“So you waited two years to bring this up,” Akihiko said flatly. “After everything we’ve been
through.”
“Did you miss the part where I wanted to keep you guys from dying?” Goro asked. “This
isn’t some joke, and he isn’t like Takaya. You could shoot him in the head, and he would
keep on walking.”

Another impressive stream of swearing. Goro took that to mean that Akihiko realized how
dangerous Tsuyoshi really was.
“So, really, you should probably leave me to handle it on my own,” Goro said. “He hasn’t
killed me yet–”
“You really think I’m just going to let you get killed because I’m too afraid to handle a
threat?” Akihiko demanded.
“What the hell do you think you’re going to be able to accomplish?” Goro demanded.
“I could beat this guy to a bloody pulp, that’s what.”
“Don’t you think I haven’t already tried that?!” Goro was moments away from punching the
wall. Why had he ever thought that telling someone would be a good idea? This move had to
be about as reckless as when Goro decided getting answers from Takaya was his best option.
“Akihiko, if you come here with guns blazing, he might kill you just to prove a point.”
“Has he done that before?”
Admittedly, Tsuyoshi hadn’t killed anyone Goro knew, as far as he was aware. But he had
caused Goro to be kidnapped, nearly gotten Strega to kill Emiko, infiltrated Akira’s life, and
broken into Goro’s room on multiple occasions. And that was disregarding all of the blatant
taunting and displays of power.
If he thought Goro was about to amass an army against him, would he really hesitate before
killing SEES entirely?
“No,” Goro admitted. “But I wouldn’t put it past him.”
“So you don’t want me to help,” Akihiko said. “Do you really think I’m going to be able to
sit back while this guy is threatening you?”
“I don’t know what I want you to do,” Goro said. Every word was coming out sharp and
ragged. It hurt to think. “Someone told me I should start confiding in people, I guess.”
“Give them a medal,” Akihiko muttered. “Look, I can’t pretend I don’t know there’s some
guy worse than Takaya giving you a hard time.”
“I know,” Goro said.
“I need to at least tell Mitsuru.”
“I know.”
“And, look, Goro, I know things have been… Well, they’ve been pretty terrible lately. But
thank you for trusting me. Even if it wasn’t on purpose.”
“Just don’t make me regret it,” Goro said.

Mitsuru gave Goro an emergency button that he could press to broadcast his location if
Tsuyoshi decided to give Goro a hard time. Goro still didn’t want SEES members to start
flooding into Inaba. As a compromise, Mitsuru told Goro he had to clue the Investigation
Team into what was going on.
The conversation was awkward, to say the least. But they agreed to come to Goro’s aid if
something went wrong.
“I can’t believe your friend’s uncle is evil,” Kanji said.
“He’s not actually my friend’s uncle,” Goro said.
“I don’t mean to be pushy, but shouldn’t you tell your friend that?” Kanji asked. “He thinks
some force of evil is his uncle.”
“Do you really think he’d believe me?” Goro asked.
“Oh. Good point.”
Kanji raised a fair objection, though. One day, Akira would learn the truth. Even if that day
was five years from now. How would he react if he knew Goro had lied to him about
someone he considered family?
There was no point in considering hypotheticals. Goro had to focus on what the best move
was now.
Mitsuru, Yukari, and Minato went to investigate the shack Goro and Junpei found. They
found no new information that would be of any use to them. That seemed to be a common
theme when it came to Tsuyoshi.
A terrible helplessness overwhelmed Goro. Nanako was dying, and there was nothing he
could do about it. Tsuyoshi could kill them all in their sleep, and they weren’t any closer to
finding a way to get rid of him as they were before. They couldn’t speak to Namatame about
his murders, and there was no way of knowing if they could even pin the murder on him at
all.
It made Goro feel clammy. He hated feeling so helpless and frazzled.
The awful part of him wished he was back with Shido. Things had been so simple then. Both
Goro and Shido had understood the score. Goro did what Shido wanted. Goro didn’t die.
Goro would one day get his revenge. Shido would die. Goro would die or rot in prison for the
rest of his life.
It wasn’t pleasant. But it was simple. Any helplessness Goro might have felt was easily burnt
away by the promise of his vengeance.
Nothing was simple anymore. Goro couldn’t even pretend that things were all going
according to his plan, because Goro had no plan.

Although Goro was working on a plan to break into Namatame’s room. How hard could it
really be to scale the hospital and get through the window?
Monster Cat meowed at him as Goro sat at his desk and pretended that homework was the
most of his worries. He had half a mind to snap his pencil in half.
“I need to do something,” Goro muttered to himself. He stood up and went to the closet full
of cleaning supplies.
He started by dusting all the furniture. When not a speck of dust remained on any surface in
the house, he began to clean the floors.
That was how Tatsumi found him: kneeling on the kitchen floor, furiously attacking a stain
that refused to disappear no matter how hard Goro scrubbed.
“Goro-kun?” Tatsumi said, sounding politely confused. “Are you quite alright?”
“I’m fine, Tatsumi-san,” Goro said. He sat up and moved to cover up the stain with his knee.
“I just decided to do some cleaning.”
“I can see that,” Tatsumi said. “Have you been at it for quite a long time?”
“I just started,” Goro said. “Please. You do so much for us. Let me return this favor.”
“Well, if you insist,” Tatsumi said. “I won’t say no to a little help every now and then.”
Goro continued to scrub furiously at the floor. When he finished making the kitchen floors
spotless, he grabbed the vacuum from the closet.
Tatsumi cleared her throat. Goro turned around to see her standing with an arched eyebrow.
“Tatsumi-san?” Goro asked.
“I understand that you’re worried, but cleaning the house won’t change a thing,” Tatsumi
said.
“Excuse me if I’m overstepping, but it will make the house cleaner,” Goro said.
“It won’t make you feel better.” Tatsumi gently took the vacuum from Goro and put it back
inside the closet. “You’ll just scrub your hands dry.”
“Is there something you’d rather me do instead?”
“Take some deep breaths and stay calm,” Tatsumi said. “I understand that things are very
difficult for you kids recently, but it won’t do to work yourself to the bone.”
Goro obediently took deep breaths. He didn’t feel any better.
“How about this?” Tatsumi asked, reading Goro’s frustration on his face. “You like cooking,
right? Why don’t you help me cook tonight’s dinner?”

That… didn’t sound completely intolerable.
Goro followed Tatsumi into the kitchen and began to help her prepare the vegetables for that
night’s meal. He followed her instructions carefully, ignoring the small voice inside of him
that insisted that Shinjiro would add more salt, or chop the vegetables more finely, or turn the
heat down–
“Is there something on your mind?” Tatsumi asked as she stirred the vegetables together.
“It’s nothing, Tatsumi-san,” Goro said immediately. He held onto his knife tightly, even
though he had no expectation of actually using the weapon. Not unless Tatsumi made him,
and Goro found that very unlikely. “Just remembering, that’s all.”
“Remembering… oh, I remember when Kanji was just a sweet little boy, always staying out
of trouble,” Tatsumi said forlornly. “Well, maybe not always.”
“He wasn’t always so passionate?” Goro asked.
“Oh no, he was always very passionate,” Tatsumi said. “Once, he insisted that all of the toys
in his bedroom came to life when he wasn’t looking, so he refused to get rid of any of his
toys lest he hurt any of their feelings.”
The image of a smaller Kanji worrying about hurting his toys’ feelings was enough to make
Goro want to laugh. The funniest part was that Goro had seen Kanji subconsciously
apologize to inanimate objects when bumping into them. It wasn’t quite the same thing, but
the awkward conscientiousness was very on par for the course.
“But it was funny, because he was never upset when he lost one of his toys,” Tatsumi said.
She took the rest of Goro’s chopped-up vegetables and put them into her pot. “He just said
that they had decided to go on adventures without him, and that maybe they would come
back.”
“Did they ever come back?” Goro asked. “Did he find them, I mean?”
“Sometimes, which thrilled him to no end,” Tatsumi said. “For all of his lack of social
awareness, he was actually quite a sweet child.”
“Did he get into any other trouble?” Goro asked, curious about Kanji’s childhood despite
himself. He never had the opportunity to learn about his friends as small children before. He
barely interacted with their parents, assuming they had any even worth talking to.
To be honest, Goro only recently realized that any parents were worth talking to.
“He got in trouble in elementary school for trying to knit during class.” Tatsumi smiled
fondly. “I was embarrassed at the time, but I suppose I was slightly pleased that he was so
taken with our trade. The past has a habit of looking nicer than it felt in the present.”
“Maybe we can’t appreciate what we have until it’s gone,” Goro said.

“Or maybe it’s because we prefer to remember the good, instead of focusing on all of the bad
that might have come with it,” Tatsumi said wisely. “Of course, you aren’t wrong either. I
have a bad habit of taking things for granted.”
“You wouldn’t be the only one,” Goro said.
The door rattled open loudly. Kanji entered the kitchen with his usual boldness, but he looked
alarmed to see Goro and Tatsumi working together.
“Oh no,” Kanji said. “I know that look on Ma’s face. You two have been talking about me,
haven’t you?”
“I assure you, it’s only been good things,” Goro said.
Kanji wore the expression of someone who had a very different definition of what qualified
as good. “She hasn’t told you about the hair, has she?”
“The hair?”
“Oh, I was just getting to that,” Tatsumi said cheerfully. “You see, Kanji-kun has always been
fascinated with colorful hair styles, so he–”
Kanji fled the room and slammed the door shut behind him. Goro stayed. He wasn’t about to
miss an opportunity for blackmail.
Hierophant Arcana: Rank 8

“Goro-kun,” Mitsuru said on the phone. She started calling him more often now that she
realized how much danger Goro actually was in on a regular basis. “If this Tsuyoshi corners
you again, you really should try to learn more about him.”
“You say that as though I haven’t already been trying,” Goro said. “Has Elizabeth told
Minato anything?”
“Elizabeth? No, I’m afraid she hasn’t been very forthcoming with information. According to
Minato, she’s already told you everything she’s been permitted to know.”
Goro had the feeling that Igor wasn’t completely a fool. He clearly knew that Elizabeth was
more than willing to tell Goro classified information if she thought it was necessary. Good on
her, really.
“I think…” Goro glanced around nervously. He always had a terrible feeling that Tsuyoshi
was eavesdropping on every conversation he had. “I think he might be responsible for why
I’m here.”
“You said he was the one who reminded you of the murders in Inaba,” Mitsuru said. “I don’t
really think that’s a question anymore.”

“That’s not what I meant,” Goro said. “I meant here. In this time.”
“But if he hates you as much as you say, why would he do that?” Mitsuru asked. “I don’t
mean to put words into your mouth, but from my perspective, your life has only improved
since you time traveled.”
Mitsuru wasn’t wrong. Although Goro’s life always had the habit of veering toward the
disastrous, mostly thanks to Goro’s admittedly self-destructive tendencies, his life was
certainly better than it had been the first time around.
The last time Goro had been thirteen and a half, he was struggling through yet another foster
home, considering the benefits of joining his mother before telling himself he couldn’t give
up. Now, Goro had friends and a future. Two things that used to be a fantasy.
“Maybe he didn’t plan for me to do so well,” Goro said. “But he gave me my glove. One
from my past, or my future, depending on your point of view. It doesn’t even begin to fit.”
“How do you know it’s the same one?” Mitsuru asked. “He could have gotten a fake to
aggravate you.”
Something in Goro’s core told him it was the same one. But even if it wasn’t—
“How would he have known about it?” Goro asked. “I haven’t told anyone the significance of
that glove.”
“Then maybe he did have something to do with your bizarre circumstances,” Mitsuru said.
“But please don’t seek him out for answers. As much as I would love to know more about
who we are dealing with, I don’t want your death on my conscience.”
“Don’t want you dying on me quite yet.”
“You aren’t actually responsible for my mistakes.”
“But you are my responsibility,” Mitsuru said. “Please, don’t be reckless.”
“Don’t be too worried,” Goro said grimly. “I’m only reckless when I think I can win.”

Chapter End Notes

I'm so sorry for the pain I inflicted upon everyone last chapter. I think I can safely say
that the scene last chapter is definitely the cruelest thing I wrote in this fic. Even I was
indignant.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 75: November 16–21, 2011
Chapter Summary

an ode to shenanigans

Chapter Notes

tw: hospitals, references to death, ptsd, implied/referneced child abuse & neglect

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Goro returned to Inaba’s hospital.
“Hello,” Goro said as politely as possible to the receptionist. “Is it possible that I can visit
one of your patients?”
The receptionist did not look very impressed. They raised a single eyebrow. “Name?”
“Namatame,” Goro said as casually as possible.
The receptionist looked as though they had heard this request before. Considering the rumors
that had been flying around, it wouldn’t be surprising.
“I’m sorry, I can’t disclose information about Namatame’s hospitalization at this time,” the
receptionist said.
Goro pretended to give up and asked the receptionist for directions to Dojima’s room. He
then pretended to be lost as he searched the hospital for any possible rooms Namatame might
be held.
He eventually found a room with an officer standing in front of the door.
“Hey!” The officer snapped. “What are you doing here, kid?”
Goro put on a mock expression of surprise. “Oh, I’m sorry, sir,” he said. “I was just searching
for Dojima-san’s room, but I must have made a wrong turn somewhere.”
“Dojima-san?” the officer asked. “You’re on the wrong side of the building, and the wrong
floor. Turn around, go down a floor, then all the way to the end of the hall, and make a right.”

“Oh,” Goro said. “I thought I heard the receptionist tell me to make a left from the stairs. I
must have misremembered. I’m terribly sorry for bothering you. Thank you very much for
your help.”
“It’s no problem. Just try to listen more carefully next time.”
“Don’t worry,” Goro said. “I will.”
Goro wasn’t thrilled at the thought of visiting Dojima after Goro’s appallingly rude exit
during the last visit. But he had to at least walk in that direction so that he wouldn’t appear as
a liar to the officer. He’d go almost as far as Dojima’s room before turning around and going
home.
The hallway lurched to the right, and Goro rounded the corner only to walk directly into Yu.
“Oh shoot, sorry,” Yu said, taking a sudden step back.
“No, I wasn’t looking where I was going,” Goro said, rubbing his head. It had been a fairly
anticlimactic crash, all things considered. “I take it you were here to visit Dojima-san?”
“Who else?” Yu said. There was a slightly bitter edge to his voice.
“Is he doing alright?” Goro asked, and then, because he couldn’t help himself, “Is Nanako
getting worse?”
“No, no, Nanako’s about the same,” Yu said. “Which is about as much as we can hope for,
the way the doctors are talking.”
“You don’t think she will wake up?”
“She will,” Yu said firmly. “But I don’t think she’s going to recover further until she actually
does. And at this rate, I’d rather have no news than bad news.”
Goro couldn’t disagree. Yu was absolutely right.
“And Dojima-san?”
“He’s getting better,” Yu said. “But that’s not really saying much. You were going to visit
him, right?”
“I was actually here for Namatame,” Goro said.
Yu’s expression was already irritated, but his frown deepened. “He’s taking visitors?”
“Much to my annoyance, no,” Goro said. But just because he couldn’t interrogate Namatame
didn’t mean he couldn’t ask Yu questions. “If Dojima and Nanako are doing as well as you
can hope, what’s wrong?”
Yu brushed past Goro and walked to the elevator. Goro followed him. “What makes you
think something’s wrong?”

“The look all over your face is a clue,” Goro said.
Yu slammed his hand over the down button. “It’s nothing,” he said. “I was just on the phone
with my parents.”
“Did they know about Nanako?”
“I left them a message earlier,” Yu said furiously. “Of course, they only just now saw fit to
call me back. You’d think that my mom would be a little bit worried for her brother, at least,
but she barely said a word about it.”
The elevator door slid open, and they stepped inside. Yu pressed the button for the ground
floor with even more intensity.
“Why did she call, then?” Goro asked.
“She wanted to make sure that Dojima-san was still a fit guardian for me,” Yu said. “She was
worried they’d have to cut their work short, but I was more than happy to assure her that I
could handle the house on my own, like I’ve been doing for years.”
“Do you need someone to help you?” Goro asked. “I’ll admit that I’ve been feeling
somewhat high strung recently. I wouldn’t mind some extra chores.”
“That’s kind of you, but you have your own shit to deal with,” Yu said. “Besides, there’s
barely any mess, since I’m the only one living there right now.”
Goro imagined Yu spending every night alone in that house. Was it like living with Akihiko
after Shinjiro died? Like there was any empty space that was once filled with life? Dojima
and Nanako weren’t dead, of course, but they weren’t exactly in peak condition either.
The elevator doors opened. Yu strode away from Goro before he could even try to find the
right words.
Star Arcana: Rank 6

Goro might not have had the words, but Yosuke was more tactful than Goro sometimes gave
him credit for. Not to mention, out of the entire group, he was probably the closest with Yu.
Therefore, after school, Goro went to Junes to seek out Yosuke, who was restocking the
canned food isle.
“I’m worried about Yu,” Goro said.
Yosuke dropped a can of beans. He caught it right before it landed on his foot. “Goro-kun!
Don’t scare me like that!”
“We’ve been going into the metaverse for how long?” Goro asked. “You should have been
able to hear me coming.”

“Maybe, but most of the time we’re the ones sneaking up on shadows, not the other way
around,” Yosuke said. He aggressively put the can on the shelf and crossed his arms. “What
did you want?”
Goro rolled his eyes. “I’m worried about Yu,” he said again. “I thought maybe you would
want to help.”
“Is he sick or something?” Yosuke asked. “Or do you think he’s going to do something super
reckless?”
“It’s nothing that urgent,” Goro said. “It’s just his living situation. He goes home to a
completely empty house every night. It can’t be good for his mental state.”
Yosuke’s expression shifted from alarmed to somber. Neither of them had forgotten Yu’s
distraught reaction to both Nanako and Dojima disappearing. Goro was quite certain that
nobody at the scene was likely to forget that anytime soon.
“I’ve been worried about that too,” Yosuke said. “But what do you want me to do? I’ve tried
to invite him over to my place, and he doesn’t want me coming over too often. He’s worried
he eats into my time, even though we still have an open guest bedroom since Teddie insists
on sharing a room with me.”
“I don’t know,” Goro admitted. “I know we can’t exactly invite ourselves over for dinner.”
“No…” A sly grin spread across Yosuke’s face. “But maybe we can do ourselves one better.”
“What are you planning?” Goro asked.
“Wait, let me make a few calls,” Yosuke said. He turned around and quickly tried to finish
stocking his shelf. “I don’t want to get anyone’s hopes up.”
“I’m not a child; you can tell me.”
“Nope. You might think the idea is stupid anyway.”
“I won’t…” Goro sighed. Yosuke was clearly dead set on keeping this a surprise. “Fine. Keep
it a secret if you must. I’ll be available if you want to fill me in.”
“Don’t worry,” Yosuke said. He put away the last can and gave Goro a ridiculous looking
wink. “I will.” He sighed. “In all seriousness, thanks for looking out for Yu. I’ve been feeling
pretty useless recently.”
“What are you talking about?” Goro asked, trying to keep the exasperation out of his voice.
“Eh, well, Naoto’s kind of taken over being the brains of the team,” Yosuke said. “And you
were already holding that position. I’m fine with that, don’t get me wrong, but even Yu’s
been more distant lately. If I can’t even be a good friend, what good am I?”
“You’re looking out for him better than I am,” Goro said.

“Well, it’s not a competition,” Yosuke said modestly. “Just… thanks. For believing in me.
And for wanting to help Yu.”
“I’m not a monster,” Goro said.
Yosuke looked embarrassed. “That’s not what I meant.”
Goro believed him.
Magician Arcana: Rank 7

Yosuke’s grand idea was a sleepover at the Amagi Inn.
“I wanted to go camping,” Yosuke explained to Yu as he dragged him up to their room. It
was, not at all by coincidence, the same room that they stayed in a few weeks before. Yukiko
still must be having trouble selling that room to anyone else. “But then we’d be far away
from the hospital if it turned out something happened with Nanako. So where better than here
instead?”
Goro, Kanji, and Teddie trailed behind Yosuke and Yu as they entered the elevator.
“But… Why are we doing this?” Yu asked.
“Why not?” Yosuke asked. “Tomorrow’s a Sunday, so we don’t have to worry about school
or anything like that. And it’s been a little while since we’ve all done something together as a
group.”
“I guess,” Yu said. He still looked flummoxed as they entered the room.
The rest of the team was already inside the room, waiting expectantly for Yu. Piles of snacks
and games sat on the table.
“You made it!” Chie said cheerfully. “We were a little worried you’d refuse to show.”
“Why wouldn’t I?” Yu asked.
“Well, you have been a little distant lately,” Yukiko said. “Not that we blame you or anything.
We were just worried.”
“Oh,” Yu said. “Well, I’m here.”
“Yay!” Rise clapped her hands together. “It’s a shame this room doesn’t have a kitchen. We
could have another cooking competition.”
“Uh no,” Kanji said. “I came here to have a good time. Not to have indigestion.”
Rise glowered. “As if you could do any better!”
“I probably could–”

“Now, now,” Chie said. “There’s no need to fight. I brought the snacks for the very reason of
maintaining world peace.”
Chie handed them both a massive bag of animal crackers. Oddly enough, if there was one
thing Kanji and Rise were unified on, it was their love of trying to find the rare penguin
animal cracker. Even though Kanji had already found the animal cracker once before, he had
told Goro that part of the fun was finding it in the first place.
Rise and Kanji sat down and began eating their animal crackers systematically. Naoto
glanced at the two of them with a mildly exasperated expression.
“At any rate, it’s good to be able to spend the night with each other under slightly less bizarre
circumstances from the last time,” Naoto said. “We didn’t really have the chance to all hang
out the night of the culture festival.”
“The last time?” Goro asked.
“You can’t be mentioning the sleepover that must not be named?!” Teddie exclaimed. “You
promised to never mention it to me again!”
Oh, right. Goro had forgotten that the entire Investigation Team had slept on the floor in the
hotel on Shirakawa Boulevard that September.
“For the last time, Teddie, we’re sorry that you weren’t there,” Yosuke said. “Look at it this
way, we’re doing it over so that you and Goro can be included.”
Teddie sighed. “It’s not the same as it would have been with the waterbed.”
“Nobody slept on that stupid thing!”
“But I don’t even know what it feels like!”
“Imagine floating,” Yu said. “That’s what it felt like.”
“I bet it would have been a perfect mattress for jumping on,” Teddie said wistfully. “I can
picture it now... Me soaring through the air…”
“And then the mattress breaks and the entire room gets filled with water,” Yosuke said. “We
were really missing out.”
“You don’t know that the mattress would have broken,” Teddie said.
“Is this really what we’re going to be spending the rest of our evening talking about?” Goro
asked, thoroughly sick of any discussion of that wretched place. Especially when associated
with water.
“Oh, no, of course not,” Yukiko said. “Maybe you should drop it, Teddie.”
Teddie harrumphed, but he sat down and took a hand full of Kanji’s animal crackers in
response.

“Oh, I know,” Chie said. “We told ghost stories during that last sleepover, right? Maybe we
could do that again.”
“You do realize that this room is potentially haunted, right?” Kanji asked.
“What?!” Chie screeched.
They then had to explain that this was definitely the room that Yamano had stayed in before
she died. Yukiko had the decency to look slightly guilty when Chie turned on her with a
betrayed expression.
“Yukiko, why did you choose this room of all places?!” Chie whined.
“Well, we’re having a hard time getting people to stay here, you see,” Yukiko said. “So it’s
available for doing stuff like this.”
“Let’s forget the ghost story idea,” Rise said. “I brought some games. Why don’t we play for
Senpai’s love?”
“Ha ha,” Yosuke said. “We’re not doing that.”
“Are you afraid you’re going to lose?” Rise asked.
“What?!” Yosuke snapped. “No! I’d win his love against you any day!” Yosuke’s face went
bright red. “But, you know, it’s his life. We shouldn’t force anything on him.”
“Aw,” Yu said, wearing a lighthearted grin. “I didn’t know you felt that way about me,
Yosuke.”
“Oh, you shut up,” Yosuke said, obviously embarrassed. He looked almost confused.
Goro could not believe what he was seeing. For all his social skills, Yu was incapable of
seeing that Yosuke had a very legitimate and serious crush on him. And Yosuke,
astonishingly enough, was so deep in denial that he seemed to be unaware of the exact same
thing.
The rest of the group came to an unspoken agreement that they were not qualified to deal
with this nonsense.
“Why don’t we compete for something a little less… heated?” Naoto suggested. “What if the
loser had to tell an embarrassing story about themselves?”
“Kanji has those in abundance,” Goro said.
“Oh, I have got to hear some of this,” Yosuke said.
“You’re looking pretty smug,” Kanji said, “for someone who crashes his bike into trash
cans.”

Neither Kanji nor Yosuke lost the first round of cards. As a matter of fact, it was Naoto who
was the loser. Although Naoto was a very fine strategist in their own right, the game Rise had
chosen was reliant on luck alone.
“Alright!” Chie said eagerly. “I want to hear what sort of detective shenanigans you got up to
when you were younger.”
“Oh, well…” Naoto was already looking flustered. “I’m not sure if I have any embarrassing
stories.”
“I’m sure that your grandfather will say the same if we asked him,” Goro said. “Or perhaps
he has some highly entertaining tales for us.”
“You might as well be able to choose which embarrassing story gets revealed to the rest of
us,” Yukiko said, catching Goro’s drift. “Come on, we won’t judge.”
“Yeah, there was this one time Yukiko…” Chie petered off as soon as she saw the
disapproving glare on Yukiko’s face. She chuckled nervously. “Sorry.”
“Fine.” Naoto sighed. “You win. I guess there is this one story, but I don’t really remember it
that well.”
It was probably Goro’s imagination, but it was almost as if everyone leaned closer toward
Naoto. Naoto was so good at keeping such a perfect image that they were all eager to know
there was a time when Naoto wasn’t close to such perfection.
Of course, Goro knew that Naoto couldn’t be perfect, but he was still curious about this
embarrassing story.
“Well, this was back when my parents were still alive,” Naoto said. “I don’t remember it too
well, but when I was perhaps five years old, I wanted to join my parents in solving one of
their cases. I knew they wouldn’t let me come along, so I wore an oversized pair of
sunglasses and a fake mustache in the hopes of them not recognizing me. I believe I
introduced myself as ‘Adult Detective’.”
“Please tell me there are pictures,” Chie said.
“Unfortunately, from what I understand, my parents were too busy laughing to actually
capture the moment,” Naoto said.
The rest of the night continued in a similar trend. Much to his horror, Goro was the loser of
the next game, and he scrambled to find an embarrassing story that didn’t have any awful
memories attached.
Eventually, he decided to tell them about the time Akira had tousled his hair and given him
his glasses.
The same glasses Goro wore every time in the TV world.

Although the Investigation Team was highly amused at the idea of Goro being forced to have
abhorrently messy hair, the impact of the story was somewhat damaged by the fact that the
team saw him in glasses on a regular basis.
Yukiko technically had a room prepared for the girls. They didn’t end up using it. The longer
they stayed up that night, the more people began to fall asleep on top of the table. Teddie had
fallen asleep on top of Yosuke. Yosuke was less upset than Goro expected him to be.
And eventually, Goro fell asleep too.

It wasn’t unusual for Goro to wake up from nightmares.
It was slightly more unusual for Goro to wake up from a nightmare while also sharing a room
with approximately ten other people.
His heart beating irregularly, Goro sat up and looked around. Teddie was still sleeping on top
of Yosuke, and Yosuke’s head was pressed uncomfortably against the table. Rise and Kanji
had also awkwardly fallen asleep on top of the table. Chie and Yukiko had gotten on top of
the futons before falling asleep, and Naoto was sleeping two futons away from them.
Yu wasn’t in the room. Goro’s spike of panic died down immediately when he saw Yu
standing on the balcony looking into the courtyard.
Goro stood up from the table as quietly as possible. He slipped onto the balcony next to Yu.
“Couldn’t sleep?” Yu asked quietly.
“I believe it’s more accurate to say I couldn’t stay asleep,” Goro said.
“Oh.” Yu leaned further against the balcony railing. He looked like he had half a mind to fall
asleep right then and there, but he didn’t. He just stared blankly ahead.
A comfortable silence fell between the two of them. Goro scanned the courtyard, making sure
there weren’t any unwelcome visitors spying on him.
“Can I ask you something?” Yu asked suddenly. His voice cracked around the edges in a
display of vulnerability that Yu had never directed toward Goro before.
“I can’t stop you from asking,” Goro said.
“How do you fall asleep at all?” Yu asked. “I mean, after everything that's happened, I’m
afraid of closing my eyes for too long.”
“It’s a necessary bodily function,” Goro said dryly. “You die if you don’t sleep enough.”
“Doesn’t make it any easier.” Yu brushed his bangs away from his eyes. “Every night, when I
fall asleep, I just see my failures. Or my entire team dying. Or I’m betrayed by someone I
love.”

Yu’s voice choked off, and a stab of guilt struck Goro.
“We were wrong about Dojima,” Goro said. “I’m sorry that we even entertained the idea.”
“No, no, we were right to follow a lead,” Yu said. “I’m not sure I ever really believed it
anyway.”
“I did.”
“You don’t trust anyone,” Yu said. “But you never answered my question.”
“I told you,” Goro said. “I sleep to live. And when I’m especially lucky, I get through the
night without nightmares.”
“You must be really lucky.”
“I didn’t say it was common.” Goro clenched his fists. “I’m not the one you should be talking
to about this.”
“Maybe not,” Yu said. “But I appreciate the help anyway.”
Goro shrugged half a shoulder. “Anyone could have told you what I did.”
“Not anyone has been through what we have,” Yu said. “And you’ve already done this sort of
thing twice. So if you can keep sleeping, then I guess I can too.”
“You should do that, then.”
“I guess so.” Yu pushed himself away from the balcony rails. He gave Goro a small smile.
“Thanks.”
Goro had a feeling Yu wasn’t just thanking him for the advice.
Star Arcana: Rank 7

That Monday, the fog was so thick that Goro half wondered if they had accidentally entered
the TV world when stepping outside.
As he walked to school, he received a call from Yosuke.
“Hey, did you hear the news?” Yosuke asked, sounding bizarrely excited.
“The news?”
“Nanako’s awake!” The words were enough to make Goro stagger. “We can start visiting her
today too.”
Goro almost laughed. She was awake. Not only was she awake, she was well enough to visit.
It was more than Goro had dared to hope.

“Thank god,” he said.
“We’re going to visit her after school,” Yosuke said. “I figured you would want to come
along too.”
“As if there was any doubt,” Goro said.
“Oh, and, um, Namatame’s awake too apparently,” Yosuke said. “But the police aren’t getting
much out of him, according to Adachi. He’s still pretty out of it.”
The news was worrying, but Goro was still euphoric over Nanako not being dead.
“Namatame’s out of our hands at the moment,” Goro said. “Let’s be grateful for what we do
have.”
“Right,” Yosuke said. “Okay, then! I’ll see you this afternoon.”

“Nanako’s awake?” Akira asked after school that day. He beamed. “That’s great news.”
“That barely scratches the surface,” Goro said. “Things rarely actually work out.”
“Well, that’s one less thing on your plate, right?” Akira said. “Nanako-chan will be out of the
hospital in no time.”
Akira was far more optimistic than Goro ever was, but Goro found himself hoping that his
words would be the truth. Nanako was strong. She would pull through.
Right?
“You can come with me,” Goro said. “To visit her.”
“Oh, I didn’t know her that well,” Akira said, glancing away. The distance between Goro and
Akira had only gotten wider in the recent weeks. Between all of the shit that went down in
the beginning of the month and the dissonance between their lives, even Akira was beginning
to realize that there was a hoard of secrets Goro was keeping from him. “Besides, my parents
are back home. They would have questions if I don’t come back home at the normal time.”
“I understand,” Goro said immediately.
He was disappointed, but he did understand. It wasn’t as if Goro didn’t deserve the cold
shoulder either. Akira had confided with him, and Goro still kept all his fears locked away.
Goro would have gotten sick of his own antics too.
But to explain completely would be to reveal the cognitive world to Akira early. And to do
that would be to explain who Goro really was, every nasty and fractured detail.
Goro wasn’t strong enough to face that.

Fortunately, relief about Nanako was still a drug coursing through Goro’s system. Whereas
those dark thoughts would normally have ruined his day, he managed to push them to the side
to deal with later.
Nanako was alive, and Nanako was awake, and maybe things were finally starting to work
out for once in Goro’s miserable life.
When Goro arrived at the hospital, some of that hope came crashing down.
Nanako was always a small child. She was one of the only people Goro was well-acquainted
with who was actually shorter than him, and she was likely less than half of Yu’s height. But
lying there in the hospital bed, she looked like she shrunk down three sizes. Her too-pale skin
stretched across her face, and her breaths came out as painful sounding gasps.
It hurt so much that Goro wanted to kill something. It made him want to scream.
Instead, Goro inhaled his red-hot fury and held his tongue. Nanako was alive. It could be so
much worse.
Adachi stood on the other side of the hospital bed next to Dojima, who sat in a wheelchair.
“Nanako?” Dojima said tentatively. His voice wavered in its gentleness. “Everyone’s here to
see you.”
Nanako opened her eyes. It struck Goro how exhausted she looked.
“Big… bro,” she said, smiling weakly.
“I’m here,” Yu said, taking her hand as gently as possible.
Nanako beamed.
The nurse absolutely ruined the moment by bursting into the room and demanding to know
why Dojima had left his own hospital bed to visit Nanako. Goro would have thought the
answer was obvious: Goro and the rest of the team would have throttled him otherwise.
“I’ll wheel him to his room right away,” Adachi said, trying to appease the nurse.
“No, you won’t,” Goro snapped. “Let him stay with his daughter.”
The nurse sighed. “Fine, but please be back in your room in time for your check up.”
Dojima only nodded absentmindedly.
Nanako fell asleep about a minute later, and they quietly left the hospital room to hear the
doctor’s prognosis.
“Her condition is stable for now, but… I never thought I’d say this as a doctor, but we still
can’t figure out the cause of Nanako-chan’s symptoms. That’s why we can only administer
temporary treatments to alleviate her pains.”

This was not the news any of them wanted to hear.
“But she’s not in danger anymore, is she?” Dojima asked, tension making his voice sharp at
the edges.
Everybody held their breath.
The doctor’s eyes were apologetic, but apologies ultimately did nothing to solve the problem.
“She’s regained consciousness, but we can’t let our guard down yet. All we can do is
continue to monitor her condition closely.”
Goro could not kill the doctor. Goro could not maim the doctor. Goro could not shout at the
doctor. The doctor was doing his best. The doctor was the only reason Nanako wasn’t in total
agony.
Besides, no news was still better than bad news. Nanako might not be guaranteed to live, but
she wasn’t guaranteed to die either. They just had to hope it would stay that way.
Dojima’s expression was still greatly pained as he turned to Adachi.
“How’re things going with Namatame?”
Adachi looked as though he was hoping Dojima wouldn’t ask. “Not well,” he said. “He’s
awake now, but he’s not in any condition to tell us anything useful. We’re only given a little
time to speak with him each day, so we’ll have to wait until his strength recovers.”
“Do you think you could let us speak with him?” Naoto asked.
Adachi chuckled uneasily. “No offense guys, but I don’t think a bunch of teens are going to
get any more information out of him than the cops, even if you know his modus operandi.
And you’ve been taken off the case, Naoto-kun.” He smiled. “Don’t worry, I’ll keep an ear
out for anything TV related.”
The doctor looked a little puzzled but didn’t raise any questions. He dismissed himself and
left the group to discuss the topic in private.
Goro wasn’t comforted by Adachi’s new helpfulness in the slightest.
“Do we even need to speak with him?” Yosuke asked. “Feels pretty open and shut to me. I
mean, his diary links him to nearly all the victims.”
“Nearly being the problem,” Naoto said. “Something doesn’t fit right.”
“I should be there,” Dojima said. “I feel so useless like this.”
“At least you can be there for Nanako-chan, right?” Adachi asked. “Besides, at least you
don’t have to listen to all those rumors about the fog. Things have been getting kind of hectic
around town.”

“Oh yeah,” Chie said. “People are starting to say that the fog is carrying diseases and stuff.
But surely that can’t be true, right?”
“At this point, who knows what’s true?” Yosuke asked grimly.

Chapter End Notes

I find it absolutely unhinged that we still have like thirteen chapters in the persona 4 part
of this fic. Like bruh. We're already at the end of November.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3
Binge readers perhaps drink some water. I understand if you don't tho.

Chapter 76: November 22–28, 2011
Chapter Summary

could tsuyoshi stop gaslight gatekeep and girlbossing please?
it's really disrupting my children's lives

Chapter Notes

tw: gaslighting, implied/referenced child abuse, illness, hospitals, discussion of
corruption, references to death

See the end of the chapter for more notes

In the safety of the Tatsumi residence, Goro sat in his room and idly played with Monster
Cat. He still had homework he needed to complete, but he couldn’t focus on it. Every time he
tried to solve his algebraic equations, he could only be reminded of Nanako lying alone in the
hospital bed, gasping for air.
Well, she probably wasn’t completely alone. Yu looked as though he was prepared to stay in
the hospital until he passed out or was forcibly removed. If Adachi was good for anything, he
would make sure Yu got an appropriate amount of sleep, even if it was just in a hospital chair.
Had Shinjiro looked like that, in his final moments? Had everyone stayed gathered around
him for as long as possible, trying to ignore the obvious?
No wonder Ken was angry at him. Goro would have been angry too if he had gone to visit
Nanako when she woke up and one of the others was nowhere to be seen.
Goro called Ken as he tried to smooth down Monster Cat’s fur.
“Goro-kun?” Ken asked. He sounded about as tired as Goro felt.
“Hi,” Goro said. “Just checking in, I guess.”
“Is something wrong?”
“Nanako’s awake,” Goro said. Despite Ken’s frustration with Goro, it was obvious that Ken
cared deeply about Nanako’s condition. “But they still don’t know what’s wrong with her.”
“Shit,” Ken said. Then he swore again. “Don’t tell Mitsuru I’ve been swearing.”

“She’d have to come for me first,” Goro said, unable to suppress a small grin. “How have
things been back home?”
“Rough,” Ken admitted. “Emiko’s stopped crying. But it’s still hard. Not as hard as someone
breaking into my room and trying to kill me, but hard.”
“I should have told you,” Goro said.
“I understand why you didn’t,” Ken said. “I’ve been kind of an ass to you lately, huh?”
“Friends are meant to call each other out on their bullshit,” Goro said charitably.
“Yeah, but… blaming you for not being there… that was messed up. You did the right thing
by rescuing Nanako. I’m not sure I ever told you that.”
Goro’s breath got caught in his throat.
“What if she doesn’t live?” Goro asked, finally voicing his worst fear in recent weeks.
“She’ll have people she cares about with her,” Ken said. “I think that makes a difference.”
“And if she dies suddenly?” Goro buried his fingers deeper into Monster Cat’s fur, trying to
remember how to breathe. “Her father is in a different room, and Yu has school. What if she’s
alone?”
“You’ve visited her, right?” Ken asked.
“Of course.”
“Then, she’ll know she’s loved,” Ken said. “And she won’t… she won’t be in any pain
anymore, right?”
Ken’s voice cracked from a mixture of grief and puberty. The result was a pleading sound
that made Goro have half a mind to cry himself.
Goro never believed in the afterlife. But he refused to believe that anything less than
Heaven–a real paradise, not that fractured dungeon– awaited Nanako.
“No,” Goro said. “I guess not.”
Their conversation drifted into the mundane. Ken was trying to study for the exams
happening the next week. Goro had quite frankly forgotten they were even happening.
Someone knocked on Goro’s door. Goro said goodbye to Ken and hung up.
“Come in,” Goro said.
Kanji stepped inside the room. Monster Cat trotted up to him and rubbed his head against
Kanji’s leg. Kanji obligingly crouched down and scratched the top of his head.
“Hey, Goro-kun,” Kanji said. “I know things have been rough lately.”

“That’s an understatement.”
“But then I was thinking, you know what makes me feel better when life is trying to get me
down?”
“What?”
“A distraction,” Kanji said. “Want to watch those last episodes of Featherman R with me?”
Distracting oneself from the problem did not make the problem go away.
It did, admittedly, stop Goro from uselessly spiraling into all his darkest thoughts.
“Fine,” Goro said. He stood up and followed Kanji into his bedroom. Monster Cat came
along, and Kanji gave him a ball of yarn to play with while they booted up the next episode.
“Careful,” Goro said. “He’s going to start breaking into your room to play with all of the yarn
you have hiding in here.”
“He would not,” Kanji said. “Monster Cat is cool.”
Monster Cat pounced on the yarn as if in agreement.
The finale for Phoenix Featherman R was fine. There were a few plot threads that were never
wrapped up, and one of the characters had an absolutely bizarre change of heart half-way
through the episode, but it was enough to help Goro to pretend that Nanako wasn’t
potentially dying.
Unfortunately, as soon as Kanji turned the TV off, that reality only suffocated him further.
“That was way better than I expected it to be,” Kanji admitted. “Maybe we should watch Neo
Featherman. That finished recently, right?” He beamed. “Oh, and we can invite Naoto-kun
too.”
“How do you know they haven’t already watched the show?” Goro asked.
“Well, they might enjoy having friends to watch it with,” Kanji said defensively. “Besides,
everything has rewatch value. Are you telling me you haven’t seen any of the episodes in
Featherman R?”
Featherman R came out after Goro’s mother died. He had caught a few episodes of it on a
rare Sunday when his foster parents were out of the house, but not often enough to be an avid
watcher. And that had been so long ago that it really shouldn’t count.
“I watched the previous generation more,” Goro said. “But it’s funny. I can barely remember
anything that happened in those episodes. I just–”
Goro cut himself off before he said anything ridiculous.
“You just…?” Kanji asked with a prompting tone.

“It made me want to be a hero,” Goro said. “Sometimes I’d dream about getting superpowers
and becoming rich enough to save my mother and I from poverty.”
“Well, I know it’s probably later than you were plannin’, but you’re a hero now.”
“You’re not the first person to tell me that,” Goro said, thinking back to when Ken had
handed him that action figure. Oddly enough, Goro half missed those days. The world might
have been going to hell, but at least Goro wasn’t worried about the fate of a seven-year-old.
At least Shinjiro was alive.
“Then maybe we’re not wrong,” Kanji said.
“Do heroes really exist?” Goro asked. “Or do people with different values clash until one side
emerges victorious?”
“Do murderers really see themselves as the heroes?” Kanji asked. “Even if I liked being evil,
I don’t think I’d come out of killing an innocent person and say, ‘yeah, I’m the good guy’.”
“No,” Goro said. “I think some don’t.”
But others did.
Emperor Arcana: Rank 9

“What’s keeping you so down?” Akira’s uncle asked, nudging Akira’s shoulder gently.
Akira’s parents had left town the same day Nanako woke up in the hospital. Akira hadn’t
realized until he had gotten home, but it was too late to turn around and ask Goro to let him
come along anyway.
Besides, Akira wasn’t sure if Goro would want his company.
Uncle Tsuyoshi had stopped by and offered to take Akira to the city for dinner. Akira tried to
say no–it wasn’t a short trip to the city–but his uncle insisted. And Akira had to admit that he
was relieved to not have to spend the evening alone.
He missed Monster Cat.
Now, he and his uncle sat on a bench near an ice cream shop, eating ice cream. The sun was
already down, but it was fun to see the few people still wandering around in the cold winter
evening.
“It’s nothing,” Akira said. The number one creed Akira lived by was to not burden other
people with his problems. Even if Uncle Tsuyoshi was super amazing, Akira wasn’t going to
ruin that by bringing down the mood. “Just thinking about how ice cream doesn’t really
match the weather.”

“Good thing I came overprepared,” Tsuyoshi said. He reached into his pocket and pulled out
a black glove. It was too big for Akira, but it looked too small for Tsuyoshi too. “Here.”
“Thank you, but where’s the other one?” Akira asked, taking the glove. He put it on,
stretching his fingers so they could brush the top of the glove’s fingers.
“Hm, I guess I lost it,” Tsuyoshi said. “Keep an eye out for it for me, will you?”
Akira nodded.
“Now, I don’t want to pry,” Uncle Tsuyoshi said. “But I have a feeling that the cold is the
least of your issues. Young boys run hot. I would know. I was one, once.”
It was true. Akira felt a bit of a chill, but the cold wasn’t bothering him as much as it maybe
should have.
“It’s not a big deal,” Akira said. “Nothing for you to worry about.”
“Does this not a big deal look like a certain friend of yours?” Tsuyoshi said.
“Well, I don’t know if he’s actually my friend,” Akira muttered, kicking the sidewalk with the
tip of his shoe. He took another bite of his ice cream before it started melting. The blueberry
flavor should have been delicious, but he was too distracted to really enjoy it.
“What?” Uncle Tsuyoshi sounded way more concerned than Akira expected him to be. His
parents would have just said that friends were a secondary priority. “But I thought you two
adopted a cat together! What happened?”
“Well, nothing happened,” Akira said hesitantly. “He just doesn’t talk to me as much. But a
lot has happened in his life; I’m probably just overreacting.”
“You’re a lot of things, kid, but I wouldn’t call you an overreactor,” Tsuyoshi said. “If
anything, I’d call you an underreactor. I mean, any normal kid would crumble under the
pressure of taking care of themselves like you do.”
“My parents take care of me,” Akira said, an old defensiveness rising up within him.
“Still. If you’re worried about Akechi-kun, then maybe you’re onto something.”
“His friend died,” Akira said weakly. “I think he’s just sad. And this little girl is in the
hospital.”
“But shouldn’t friends lean on each other?” Tsuyoshi asked. “If he really trusted you,
wouldn’t he confide in you? I mean, you’ve confided in him, right?”
Akira hesitated. He hated to admit it, but his uncle was voicing all the thoughts Akira had
himself on the subject.
“Yeah,” Akira admitted.

“I hate to say this,” Tsuyoshi said. “I know he’s important to you. But… oh, maybe I
shouldn’t say anything.”
Anxiety swarmed in Akira’s stomach. He appreciated his uncle trying to protect his feelings,
but he needed to know if anything was going on.
“What is it?”
“Well…” His uncle ate the last of his ice cream contemplatively, chewing on his spoon like it
was a cigarette. “It’s possible that he met some of his old friends when he went back to the
city. I’m sure he cares about you, but…”
Akira’s heart sunk. Goro had found his closer friends in Iwatodai. Maybe he only considered
Akira his replacement friend while he spent time in Inaba. Why hadn’t he realized it sooner?
“Oh,” Akira said hollowly. He stared at his ice cream, which was now a liquid pile of mush in
his cup.
“I’m sorry, Akira-kun,” Tsuyoshi said. “I know how much you liked him.”
“N-no, it’s okay,” Akira said. He tried to smile. “I was just… we were just study partners
anyway.”

Akira didn’t show up at the middle school the next day. Goro tried not to feel too worried.
Akira had no obligation to walk all the way to a school he didn’t even attend.
Goro texted him anyway.
Akechi Goro: r u okay
Kurusu Akira: yea my parents r home and I had to get back immediately
Akechi Goro: do u want me to come over to ‘study’
Kurusu Akira: thx but I know u want to visit nanako
Kurusu Akira: dw im fine
Akira wasn’t exactly wrong. Goro had been hoping to visit Nanako in the hospital that
afternoon. As a matter of fact, he was planning on visiting Nanako every afternoon possible.
Something in Goro’s gut told him that there was something more beneath the surface of
Akira’s texts. Some sort of subtext that Goro should be grasping.
But Goro couldn’t think of anything. And he couldn’t exactly force the issue when his heart
wasn’t into it.
Akechi Goro: if you insist

Akechi Goro: ill see you tmrw?
Goro received no response. He pushed back his concerns and pocketed his phone. He had to
at least check on Nanako’s progress before doing anything else.
Goro wasn’t at all surprised to see Yu and Teddie already in Nanako’s hospital room when he
arrived. Nanako was sleeping, but the three of them stood silently as they watched her
breathe slowly but steadily.
“I’m worried,” Teddie said.
“She’ll be alright,” Yu said.
“Has she woken up at all today?” Goro asked, glancing at the heart monitor. It was still
beeping at an appropriate interval, which was a saving grace.
“Briefly,” Teddie said. “I told her one of my favorite jokes.”
Yu’s mouth twitched. “Did she laugh?”
“Well, she looked too tired to laugh,” Teddie said wretchedly. “But she smiled a little bit!”
“Good for you,” Goro said.
Judging by the extra pleased expression on Teddie’s face, Teddie knew that Goro was being
genuine.
“Oh, there’s three of you now,” Adachi said, entering the room awkwardly. “I didn’t expect to
see you here, Goro-kun.”
“Why wouldn’t I be?” Goro asked.
“Don’t kids your age have homework?” Adachi asked. “And, I might have my dates mixed
up, but aren’t exams coming up too?”
“Nanako’s more important than a few tests,” Goro said.
“Well, we can agree there,” Adachi said. He stood across from them on the other side of
Nanako’s hospital bed. “I didn’t really take exams seriously when I was your age either.”
“That implies that you took them seriously eventually,” Yu asked.
“Give me a break. Do you think it’s easy to get through high school?” Adachi asked. “I had
to work my ass off to get to college. I remember pulling all-nighters before exams, drinking
maybe ten cups of coffee.”
“That’s not good for your heart,” Yu said.
“It can take it,” Adachi said. “Actually, I’m falling back into old habits. It’s hard to keep an
eye on both Nanako and Dojima-san without pulling a few all-nighters here and there.”

“You really care that much?” Goro asked.
Had he really misjudged Adachi so badly to assume that he wouldn’t put in so much effort?
Maybe he had.
“Of course,” Adachi said. “I mean, not to be weird or anything, I’m probably closer with the
Dojimas than I am with my actual family.”
“They have that effect,” Yu said.
“But seriously, guys,” Adachi said. “Don’t be like me. I can get away with a few days
without sleep because I don’t have exams coming up. You guys should really be focusing on
taking care of yourselves right now.”
“Easier said than done,” Goro said.
“Did Dojima-san put you up to this?” Yu asked Adachi suspiciously.
“He may have mentioned his concerns,” Adachi said. “He knows you’ve been here more than
you’re at your actual house. If you’re not careful, it’s going to end up as messy as my place.”
“Should you really be bragging about that?” Goro asked.
“Are you kids going to listen to what I say at all?” Adachi asked bleakly.
“I’m sure exams will be fine,” Yu said neutrally.
“I rarely study for my own exams,” Goro said, although he had to study more and more the
further he got into his education. “They’re fairly easy.”
“I don’t have exams!” Teddie said cheerfully.
“I’m surrounded by whiz kids,” Adachi mumbled, turning around back toward the door.
“Well, I’m going to tell Dojima that I tried. Tell me if anything happens while I’m gone.”
Adachi left the room. Nanako stirred, but she didn’t open her eyes.
When Adachi came back a few hours later, they had nothing to report.
Jester Arcana: Rank 8

“You were a detective once, weren’t you?”
Naoto and Goro sat by Nanako’s hospital bed. Yu had been convinced to rest and study at
home, especially since Nanako didn’t seem to be in any state to wake up that afternoon.
However, Goro and Naoto promised to sit by Nanako’s hospital bed and call if anything
happened.

They were more than happy to do so. Goro had a feeling that Naoto hadn’t planned
otherwise.
“In a very loose sense,” Goro said. “Many of the crimes I ‘solved’ I committed myself, you
know.”
“Yes, well… you worked on the force. And you were a detective prince, similar to myself.”
“You were the original detective prince,” Goro said. “I merely filled in your shadow when
you started to back out of the spotlight.”
“Were you a fan?”
Goro hated thinking about his time with Shido. It reminded him of how stupid he was, not to
mention how easily he got sucked into the life of fame and prestige that had evaded him until
that point. He might have hated his plastic smile and the lies he danced around on a daily
basis, but he loved the attention. He loved the praise, even if it was for a person that wasn’t
really him–
“I’m sorry,” Naoto said. She must have noticed Goro’s expression shifting into something
less than pleasant. “I didn’t mean to pry.”
“I’d hardly call your question prying,” Goro said. He leaned back in his hospital chair. “I
admit I didn’t know much about you before I… entered Shido’s conspiracy. I had heard about
you in passing, of course, but I assumed you were closer to an icon than someone who
actually got things done.”
Naoto’s expression became thoughtful. “I see.”
“Don’t take it personally,” Goro said. “I knew for years that the cops were never really
seeking justice. You weren’t the only one I looked down on.”
“I don’t blame you,” Naoto said. “When I was younger, I was always eager to work with the
police and bring perpetrators to justice. But it didn’t take long for reality to settle in. Even our
justice system is choked by the handle of bureaucracy.”
“But you plan on continuing working with the police?”
Naoto nodded. “What else would you have me do?” she asked. “At the moment, I’m a private
detective who is only contracted by the police, so I have more liberty to behave as I see fit.
And even if our system is inherently broken, I can’t just ignore the injustices in the world
either.”
“You think you can fix the system?” Goro asked sharply.
“Did I say that?” Naoto asked with an equal amount of iciness. “I only want to help people. I
am not under the illusion that I can purge the corruption of the force. But neither will I risk
letting someone get away with vile acts because I was too afraid to work with it.”

Goro had to begrudgingly respect Naoto’s decision. He remembered the thrill of solving
crimes he didn’t know the answers to during his time as a detective. He had relished the
vindictive pleasure of knowing that he helped put away someone who might have gotten
away otherwise.
Goro didn’t want to go back to that life. But he couldn’t blame Naoto for not giving up her
passion. Especially when she had a record of putting away more than one dangerous person
by the time Goro had started researching her.
“Well,” Goro said, clearing his throat. “Back to your original question. I think I was a fan,
after I had actually watched your interviews and researched your actual resume. You had
done a lot of good, and you didn’t seek out the attention. I… respected you.”
Naoto flushed. “Well, I– thank you, Goro-kun.”
“I wasn’t the only one,” Goro said. “Even years after I became a celebrity, your old fans on
the internet would insist that you were better than I could ever dream of being.”
“My apologies.”
“It’s not your fault. It’s a testament to the loyalty of your future fanbase.”
Naoto sighed. “To be honest, I was probably relieved when you stole my limelight,” she said.
“The attention I’ve been getting recently is… marginally overwhelming. And I’ve only really
had one interview so far.”
“You’ll get used to it,” Goro said.
“That’s what Rise-chan says too.” Naoto sighed. “It’s just… a lot. Especially with everything
else that’s going on.”
“Have people started recognizing you?” Goro asked.
“In Inaba, everyone knows me already,” Naoto said. “But in the city… yes, a few people.”
“Eventually, you might want to consider wearing a face mask or sunglasses when going out
in public.” Goro smiled slightly. “Or tousle your hair.”
Naoto grimaced, bringing a hand to her hair. “I’d prefer for it not to come to that.”
“It makes for a laugh, at least.”
“Well—” Naoto glanced at Nanako’s unconscious form “—we could certainly use a few
more of those.”
Fortune Arcana: Rank 5

“Hgh…”

Goro and Yosuke sat up in their seats at the sound of Nanako’s voice. They held their breaths
as Nanako blinked up at them tiredly.
She tried to smile. “H-hi guys.”
“Nanako-chan!” Yosuke exclaimed. “Are you doing alright?”
Nanako managed a small nod. “Big… bro?”
Yosuke’s face fell, and he jumped to his feet. “He’s with Dojima-san,” he said. “I’ll get them
both, okay?”
Nanako didn’t say anything as Yosuke ran out of the room. Goro clasped his hands together
and tried to think of anything to say to her.
Nanako must have sensed Goro’s troubles.
“I’m… listless,” Nanako said, stuttering over the word. She glanced at Goro pleadingly.
“Story?”
A story. Yes. Goro could tell stories. Not nearly as well as Akira could, but, well, Akira
wasn’t here, was he? It was just Goro. Think of something. Anything.
“I know Pink Argus,” Goro said, his mind scrambling. “Well, I know her actor, that is. We
used to live in the same dorm.”
Nanako’s eyes went wide. “Wow. Can I meet her?”
“Oh, of course,” Goro said. “I’ll see if I can arrange something.”
Nanako’s smile was slightly less forced, but she didn’t say anything else.
A story, Goro. He had just told her a measly fact. And while that fact had certainly captured
Nanako’s attention, it was time to actually provide a story to go with it. He needed a conflict
and a resolution. Basic storytelling. And it could not involve anything to do with the Dark
Hour, because not only would it fly over Nanako’s head, it was also far too bleak to tell a girl
trapped in a hospital bed.
Conflict. Resolution.
Come on, Goro, a voice that almost sounded like Shinjiro whispered in his head. You really
going to choke on me now?
“She’s really good at archery,” Goro said. “In real life. I admit that my friends and I found the
concept intriguing, especially my friend Emiko. So Yukari—that’s the name of Pink Argus’
actor—she offered to teach us a thing or two.”
“I bet… you were good,” Nanako said.

Goro snorted. “That’s kind of you to say, but I was not as good as I would have liked to be.
My aim wasn’t as bad as Ken’s, but my form was horrendous, according to Yukari.”
The door opened, and Yu burst inside, followed by Yosuke pushing Dojima’s wheelchair.
Nanako twitched minutely at the sudden arrival.
“Big bro,” she said with a relieved smile. “Dad.”
“Hi,” Dojima said. “How are you feeling?”
“Goro-san is telling… me a story,” Nanako said.
And now Goro had an audience to his fumbling. Yu gave him an encouraging thumbs up.
Goro pretended not to see him.
“Right. Well, after we had practiced for a bit, Ken got this bright idea that we would throw
fruit and try to shoot it mid-air. With the bow and arrow,” Goro tacked on quickly, seeing the
severe look on Dojima’s face. “Yukari hit her fruit, of course. And Emiko hit hers, alarmingly
enough. Apparently this wasn’t her first foray at archery. Ken missed. And when it was my
turn, Emiko was a little over enthusiastic. She threw the fruit at me.”
Nanako was asleep. Goro immediately stopped speaking.
“No, no, go on,” Yosuke said. “What happened after Emiko threw the fruit at you?”
“I died,” Goro said sarcastically. “You’re speaking to an apparition right now.”
“Well, we already knew that, so…” Yu said. “What actually happened?”
“Some juice got on my face, and I suffered from some mild bruising,” Goro said reluctantly.
“I’m not actually the best storyteller.”
“Sounds like fun,” Yu said. “Maybe I’ll start using a bow as my weapon of choice.”
“Do you know how to use one?” Yosuke asked.
“It’s never too early to learn,” Yu said. “I’ll get Goro as my teacher.”
“Um, speaking from experience, Goro-kun isn’t the best teacher,” Yosuke said. “No offense.”
“Who helped you study for exams?” Goro asked, unimpressed.
“Speaking of exams,” Dojima said. “You kids are remembering to study for them, right?”
“Of course,” Yu said unconvincingly. “All I do is study. Study and explore the insides of
televisions.”
“I know compared to monsters and murderers, school doesn’t seem that important, but how
well you do now can impact the rest of your life,” Dojima said. “I don’t want you guys
slacking off because you’re worried about us.”

“Now you’re sounding like Adachi,” Yu said. “Or was Adachi starting to sound like you?”
“The day that Adachi has his own responsible thoughts is the day that people stop gossiping
about the weather,” Yosuke said.
Dojima wheeled himself closer to Nanako and lowered his voice. “I really appreciate you
guys looking out for her,” he said. “I just don’t want you to forget to take care of yourselves
too.”
“Don’t worry,” Yosuke said, winking. “None of my friends are going to throw fruit at me
anytime soon.”
“Do you think Kirijo-san has pictures?” Yu asked.
“Mitsuru wasn’t there,” Goro said. He did not mention that Junpei had taken photos.
Sun Arcana: Rank 7

Exams started, and Goro still saw very little sign of Akira. They walked home from school
together only once the week before, and it ended with Akira insisting he needed to get back
to his parents and telling Goro to visit Nanako.
Goro hadn’t seen Akira at all on Monday as he walked back from the school. He intended to
visit Nanako that day, of course, but he wanted to stop by Akira’s house to make sure Akira
wasn’t dying without Goro realizing.
Akira’s street looked about as normal as always, at least. He rang the doorbell to Akira’s
house.
Tsuyoshi answered. Goro felt everything in his body freeze in place.
“Oh, Akechi-kun!” Tsuyoshi said brightly. If he was behaving so formally, that must mean
that Akira was home too. “What brings you here?”
“Kurusu-san,” Goro said with faux cheerfulness. Had it always been this hard to smother his
true feelings in faux politeness? Or was it just harder because both parties knew they were
putting on a show? “I was just checking in with Akira-kun. He’s been acting rather strangely
recently.”
“Oh, I’m sorry,” Tsuyoshi said. “I’m afraid he’s not feeling well. It’s very contagious, you
see. That’s why I’m helping out.”
Tsuyoshi was a liar. If Akira was really sick, he would have told Goro, right?
But, come to think of it, Akira had been behaving somewhat peckish when Goro last saw
him. Goro had assumed that Akira was just feeling quieter than usual, but had Goro really
missed something so obvious?

“Is that right?” Goro needed to start carrying weapons around on the regular again. Tsuoyoshi
was wearing a grin that could mean he was planning anything from Goro’s impending death
to ordinary taunting. “Are you sure I can’t visit him?”
“I’d hate for you to get sick too,” Tsuyoshi said snidely. “Besides, he doesn’t want any
visitors.”
“That’s what he wants, is it?”
“Why don’t you just leave before you do any more damage?”
Goro kept his posture rigid. It was the only thing stopping him from launching himself at
Tsuyoshi. “And what is that meant to mean?”
“You’re a smart cookie. I’m sure you can figure it out on your own.”
Tsuyoshi shut the door on Goro. Goro pulled out his phone and texted Akira.
Akechi Goro: Why didnt u tell me you were sick
Goro probably waited thirty minutes on that front step. But he refused to leave until he knew
that Tsuyoshi wasn’t currently in the process of hiding Akira’s body in a ditch.
Kurusu Akira: i didnt want to bother u
Goro frowned, even as relief flooded him. He hated that Akira was sick, but at least Tsuyoshi
hadn’t been lying about doing something more nefarious. But what the hell was that text
message supposed to mean? Was it a little early for Akira to be developing a martyr
complex? Or was he just naturally that way?
Akechi Goro: its not a bother
Akira didn’t respond.
Maybe it was paranoid and invasive, but Goro ducked into Akira’s backyard and looked
through his bedroom window. Sure enough, Akira was sick in bed, but he didn’t look to be on
death’s door. Not like Nanako currently was.

“Was that Goro?” Akira asked exhaustedly when his uncle came back into his bedroom.
What had started out as a small cold just a few days before had escalated into a truly
miserable fever.
“No, kid,” Tsuyoshi said. “It was just the delivery man.”
Akira frowned. “But I thought I heard…”
“Fevers do weird things to our brains sometimes,” Tsuyoshi said. “But I did call him to tell
him you were sick. He said he didn’t want to risk getting sick during exams.”

“Oh.” Akira tried not to feel hurt by the sentiment. Exams were important. It made sense that
Goro would want to prioritize them over him.
It still stung.
“Sorry, kiddo,” Tsuyoshi said.
“No,” Akira said. He sneezed. “It’s fine.”
When Akira finally saw Goro’s message, he tried not to feel the hurt rushing back in.
Somehow, the message seemed so disingenuous.
Akira forced himself to answer it anyway. He didn’t want to burden Goro any more than he
already had.

Chapter End Notes

Can't believe this is happening to my boys smh.
And oh boy I cannot Wait for next chapter. Y'all are SOO lucky it landed on a tuesday.
So genuinely lucky. That plot ball is gonna get rolling and boy its not gonna want to
stop.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 77: November 29–December 3, 2011
Chapter Summary

Local author forgets that she needs to post a chapter while watching Detective Conan

Chapter Notes

tw: death, ptsd, discussions of murder, hospitals

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Another afternoon, another day visiting Nanako.
She wasn’t improving. Not in the way that everyone had hoped she would. She was waking
up semi-consistently, but that was where her recovery seemed to end. No strength
miraculously flooded her body. She didn’t stay awake for long periods of time.
If she hadn’t recently woken up from a coma, Goro would have assumed that her condition
was getting worse.
Needless to say, the morale of the group was decreasing with each exam-filled day.
“Why can’t things always be happy?” Teddie asked.
“That’s not really how the world works,” Rise said. She tugged at one of her ponytails
restlessly. “If things were always happy, I think we would all be in very different places right
now.”
“I likely wouldn’t exist,” Goro said in faux cheerfulness.
Rise looked a little ill. Teddie’s expression was more confused than anything.
“Why not?” he asked.
It was quite simple, really. If they lived in a perfect world, Shido wouldn't have taken
pleasure in manipulating and using unsuspecting women. His mother would have been spared
her wretched life, and, by extension, Goro as well.
But Goro had an uneasy feeling that if he began to explain that logic, he might have to
explain sex to Teddie. And then explain abusive relationships. Not only did the idea of having

that conversation fill him with dread, but it wasn’t exactly something to be talking about in
Nanako’s hospital room.
“Let’s just say that your everyday decisions change things more than you might think,” Goro
said.
“Oh,” Teddie said. Judging from his expression, he didn’t understand a word Goro said. “...if
no bad things happened, would I exist?”
“That entirely depends on how you came to be,” Goro said.
“I’m sure you would exist,” Rise said immediately afterwards. “What’s the world without
Teddie, right?”
“I don’t know,” Teddie said. “I promised Nanako-chan I would play with her, but she doesn’t
seem to be getting better.”
“And this is your fault, how?” Goro asked.
“If I had been there for her, maybe I could have stopped her from being taken,” Teddie said.
“Or you would have been vomiting for days like Chie-chan,” Rise said. “Come on, Teddie.
We already agreed we wouldn’t play the blame game.”
“Oh, you’re right,” Teddie sighed. “I wish Nanako would get better.”
“Join the club,” Goro said. “But moping isn’t going to change anything.”
“That’s a little harsh,” Rise said. “Aren’t you sad?”
“Of course I am.” Goro crossed his arms impatiently. “And by all means, feel sad in your
own time. But if Nanako wakes up today, do you really think she’s going to feel better if
we’re all mourning over her like she’s already dead?”
“I guess not,” Teddie said. “It’s just harder to be happy all the time than I expected.”
“Nobody’s expecting you to be happy all the time,” Rise told Teddie immediately.
“That would be absurd,” Goro said. “And I admire your tenacity in your attempts to make
people laugh. But the world isn’t a happy place, and to ask you to be happy all the time is
unrealistic. I’m merely asking that you try to put on a happy face for Nanako’s sake, at least.”
“I think I can do that,” Teddie said. He gave Goro a shaky smile. “I have lots of jokes I’ve yet
to tell Nana-chan. I think you’ll find them beary good.”
“I think Nanako-chan has heard that one already,” Rise said.
“It wasn’t my best work.” Teddie beamed. “But I can think of all sorts of new ones while we
wait for her to wake up, right?”

“That’s the spirit!” Rise said. “And since Goro wants us to be in better spirits, he has to help
you.”
“I don’t know,” Teddie said reluctantly. “Goro-kun isn’t very good with jokes.”
Goro bristled. “I wasn’t trying that day at the inn,” Goro said. “I can do better.”
“Oh yeah?” Teddie asked. “Prove it, then.”
Shit.
“I, well–” Goro felt his face flush. To be completely honest, he was horrible with jokes, and
everyone knew it. “Give me a minute to think.”
“Boo,” Rise said. “Don’t worry, Teddie. I know a lot of jokes from my time as a star.”
“I do too,” Goro snapped. “But they’re all stupid references to the Phantom Thieves and
Santa Claus.”
Rise and Teddie began cackling.
“Excuses, excuses,” Rise said, even as she laughed.
“We can teach Goro-kun how to be funny together,” Teddie said when they finally stopped
laughing. “It will be my payment for you teaching me how to ride a bike!”
Goro had a terrible feeling about this.
Aeon Arcana: Rank 7

“Goro-kun, do you have someone to walk to school with?” Kanji asked one morning early in
December.
Goro thought of Akira, who was still recovering from his illness. Despite Goro’s best
attempts to visit, Akira insisted that Goro shouldn’t get himself sick during exam week.
“Not at the moment, no,” Goro said. “Why?”
“The fog looks like its thicker than ever,” Kanji said. “Might be a good idea to walk in
groups.”
“We’re not going to the same place,” Goro said.
“It’ll get you half-way there, right?” Kanji glanced outside nervously. “Besides, the idea of
you walking alone in this stuff makes me nervous. That guy is after you, right?”
The fog was indeed getting so thick that Goro could barely see two feet in front of him.
Without someone else, there was good chance Goro would make a wrong turn and not make
it to school on time.

And Tsuyoshi would probably get away with the most absurd bullshit with the fog’s cover.
“Fine,” Goro said.
They had barely started walking to school before they joined Chie, Yukiko, Naoto, and Rise.
Only a little further, and they nearly ran smack into Yosuke and Yu.
“Where did you guys come from?!” Yosuke demanded, looking as surprised as they were.
“I could say the same thing to you!” Chie snapped.
“Were you all hanging out without us?” Yu asked playfully.
“Everyone’s started walking in groups since the fog has gotten so thick,” Yukiko said. “We
ran into each other a little ways back.”
“Smart,” Yu said. It was difficult to see his expression in the dense fog, but his voice took on
a concerned note. “I hope the littler kids especially are doing that.”
“I believe I saw some parents escorting their children to school,” Naoto said. “The paranoia
about the fog in general only seems to be spreading.”
“Didn’t they say it was going to snow soon?” Rise asked. “What’s going to happen if the fog
mixes with the snow?”
“Unless this fog has some other unknown side effects that I don’t know about, I imagine the
snow will behave normally,” Goro said. “Fog and snow aren’t unheard of.”
“Yeah, but–”
“Wait a damn minute!” Kanji exclaimed. Everybody raised their hands defensively at the
sudden noise. “Sorry, but everyone put on your glasses.”
It couldn’t be…
Perturbed, everyone put on their glasses. Immediately, the fog almost completely
disappeared, and Goro was able to see everyone’s faces in normal detail. Yosuke’s shoelaces
were untied.
“Holy crap,” Chie said. “Does this mean…”
“This fog is from the other world?” Yosuke finished doubtfully. “But… how would that be
possible?”
“This wouldn’t be the first time the metaverse began interfering with the real world,” Goro
said. “If I’m being completely honest, it was only a matter of time before something like this
started to happen.”
“But why?” Kanji asked. “I mean, why now? Things have been fine for months.”

“Maybe it started coming in gradually and we didn’t notice?” Yukiko asked. “People’s deaths
have always been dependent on the fog coming into our world.”
“Well, one thing’s for certain,” Naoto said. “This isn’t any ordinary fog. Even if these glasses
were made with the intention of improving our vision, no glasses would be able to see
through fog under normal circumstances.”
“Teddie could make a fortune if he started mass producing these,” Yosuke said.
“Fortune aside, it might do some good too,” Goro said. “Traffic accidents are only going to
be more frequent with fog this thick.”
“But won’t people ask unwanted questions?” Chie asked. “How are we going to explain
where we got the glasses?”
“How quickly can Teddie make the glasses anyway?” Rise asked. “We wouldn’t want to
overwork him.”
“How about we have a meeting at Yosuke’s place after school today?” Yu asked. “We can
discuss this and everything else that has been going on.”
“Oh, it’s been a while since we’ve had a meeting there,” Yukiko said.
“I was really hoping we wouldn’t have to anymore,” Yosuke said with a frustrated sigh.
The final day of exams was filled with the frantic scratching of pencil against paper and stiff
silence between students. Restlessness filled the air as everyone tried to get through the last
exam of the semester. Nobody wanted to be trapped in the classroom for a second longer than
they had to be.
Although school was still relatively easy for Goro, he felt much the same. Between the
shocking new revelation about the fog and the lack of improvement in Nanako’s condition, it
was hard to be patient when Goro was forced to recall who killed who during the Sengoku
period.
When school finally ended, Goro practically jogged the whole way to Yosuke’s house. He got
there before even Yosuke did, but Teddie was there to let him in.
“I made snacks for everyone while waiting!” Teddie said, showing Goro a plate of very
misshapen cookies that sat on the table in Yosuke’s room. The cookies were charred on the
edges.
“Are you sure they’re edible?” Goro asked doubtfully.
“You sure those things are edible?” Shinjiro had asked Goro and Fuuka once.
Damnit.
“Hey!” Teddie said. “I’ll have you know that I worked very hard cookieing these, and they
are delicious!”

A choked laugh burst out of Goro. Teddie smiled triumphantly.
Yosuke and the others arrived at his house a few minutes later. They squeezed into the
various corners of the room. Goro had forgotten how crowded it was now that they had such
a large group.
“I brought a newspaper!” Chie said. She held up a rolled-up newspaper triumphantly before
spreading it out on the table. “There’s a story about the fog right here.”
"Some specialists are raising concerns that this fog may consist of harmful substances...More
and more citizens are calling for an investigation into the cause of the fog and the facts about
it..." Rise read out loud. "Though the government has begun its preliminary investigation,
many feel that the causes will be hard to pinpoint..."
“Well, that’s comforting,” Yosuke said.
“I guess that’s why you don’t see anyone walking around anymore,” Kanji said. “Ma has
mentioned business being slow.”
“Do you think the fog could have any negative side effects in the real world?” Goro asked
Teddie. “It’s obviously from the television if our glasses can see through it.”
“It does seem like the fog from the other side,” Teddie said. “But apart from that, I’m
clueless.”
Naoto picked up the newspaper. “There's another item of note here...A summary of
Namatame's career, with details about the case. ‘...The suspect was having an affair with the
first victim. It seems she was killed due to relationship troubles. Also in April, Ms. Saki
Konishi's body was discovered. The police are looking into a motive for the murder. In July, a
boy living in Inaba performed a copycat murder. The boy was initially thought to be the
culprit behind all the killings, but later suspicion was thrown upon Namatame. Last month,
the suspect attempted to kidnap a seven-year-old girl of Inaba, resulting in his arrest’...It
seems Namatame is still confined to his hospital bed, so further interrogation has yet to
commence.”
“So all that’s left is to build a case against him, right?” Kanji asked.
Goro snorted just as Yu asked, “Will they be able to prove it?”
“I’m sure Dojima-san can…” Yosuke said doubtfully.
“Are the police going to believe what he says about the TV world?” Yukiko asked.
“He might be considered mentally unstable,” Rise agreed.
“Has Adachi put the note you received the day Nanako was taken into evidence?” Goro asked
Yu. “Although Naoto-kun is fairly confident our culprit will have covered his tracks,
anything that traces the note back to Namatame will lend credence to the case.”
“Something has been bothering me about that first note, actually…” Naoto said.

“What is it?” Yu asked.
“The phrasing feels odd.” Naoto put the newspaper back on the table and tapped the wooden
surface restlessly. “Don’t rescue anymore. It doesn’t exactly fit Namatame’s narrative of
‘saving’ the victims.”
“The guy was killing people,” Kanji said. “Is now really the time to be analyzing his every
word?”
“It is weird,” Chie said reluctantly.
“There’s no doubt that Namatame is responsible for the kidnappings,” Goro said. “If the
evidence points to Namatame writing the letter, it really doesn’t matter what he meant by it.
Even if he believes himself a savior, maybe he had the intelligence to know we believe we
are rescuing his victims.”
Or there was an accomplice who wanted to see everything play out. Goro wouldn’t put it past
Tsuyoshi to write that letter. Well, there was no point in Goro keeping it to himself. Everyone
knew about Tsuyoshi now. Goro was about to suggest the possibility when Yosuke
interrupted.
“We are rescuing them.”
“This is all kind of confusing,” Teddie said. “Can we talk about something else?”
“Oh, sure,” Yu said. He gave everyone an apologetic look. “We can talk about it more once
Adachi tells us about the evidence.”
“If he tells us,” Kanji muttered under his breath.
“I just remembered, though,” Yu said. “We realized the kotatsu was broken the day… things
went to hell. I promised Nanako we would buy a new one.”
The mood lightened almost immediately. Goro held his tongue about Tsuyoshi. If he really
was interfering, there really wasn’t much they could do. Mitsuru still hadn’t found any
helpful information, telling Goro to stay away until they figured out anything about
Tsuyoshi’s potential weaknesses.
Putting murder out of their minds, the group went to Junes to shop for a new kotatsu. Yosuke
was more than pleased to show everyone the store’s admittedly rather impressive stock.
“Hey, while we’re here, why don’t we get a Christmas present for Nanako-chan?” Chie asked
as they debated over which kotatsu to buy. “That’s coming up, right?”
“It’s still almost an entire month away,” Yukiko said.
Kanji was crouched in front of a black kotatsu, but he stood up at the new conversation topic.
“Better early than late. What do you think she would like?”
Everybody looked at Yu.

“She really likes a wide range of things,” Yu said helplessly.
“This is going to be the birthday present conversation all over again,” Rise said. “She’s a
little kid. Can’t we get her a plush?”
“I’m sure she’ll be happy with whatever you get her,” Goro said, feeling oddly tense. He was
fairly certain Nanako would be pleased by anything they sent her way, but he didn’t want to
screw up the Christmas present when she was currently confined to the hospital.
“The stuffed animals are over there,” Yosuke said. He pointed across the room. “I think I saw
her eyeing a dragon plush once.”
Yukiko looked especially pleased by that. “Oh, that would be cute. I remember I had a dragon
stuffed animal that Chie gave me when we were kids–”
Yu’s phone began ringing.
“Oh, sorry,” Yu said. He flipped his phone open and answered. “Narukami speaking.”
The volume on Yu’s phone was loud enough for everyone to hear.
“This is Adachi,” Adachi’s voice said mechanically from the speaker. “Um, I want you to
stay calm and listen, okay?”
Everyone in the group immediately tensed. Chie and Yukiko grabbed each other’s hand.
“Okay,” Yu said, his voice thin.
“Nanako-chan’s condition got suddenly worse,” Adachi said. “The doctor wants you to come
to the hospital immediately. We’ll be waiting.”
Goro’s heart rate quickened as Yu’s eyes widened. “I’m on my way.”
They ran the whole way to the hospital.

Nanako didn’t look much different than she had when she was sleeping. The heart monitor
beeped at a less periodic rate. Goro found himself waiting desperately for each pursuant beep
as the doctor explained the situation to Yu and Dojima.
Dojima was out of his wheelchair. This change made his presence only marginally more
intimidating when he argued with the doctor.
“All we can do right now is monitor her condition closely,” the doctor said. His voice was
level, but it was obvious he was getting exasperated. “Dojima-san, you need to return to
your–”
Dojima lurched forward, slashing his arm through the air. “I don’t give a damn about myself!
Do something for Nanako–”

Dojima interrupted himself with a gasp of pain. Yosuke exclaimed in alarm. Dojima grabbed
onto Yu’s shoulder to steady himself. He held onto his side with his other hand and stared at
Nanako with a crumbling expression.
“Just save her… for god’s sake, please save Nanako…”
“We’ll do our best,” the doctor said. “I must ask you to step outside for the time being.”
People only promised to do their best when they didn’t believe they would succeed. The
doctors were losing hope.
Goro was losing hope.
A nurse managed to drag Dojima back to his room, which was blessedly closer to Nanako’s
room than it was before. Everyone else sat on the benches in the hall, waiting impatiently for
an update.
Goro stared restlessly at the necklace around his neck. If Nanako were to die, would this
bring her back? Would the pendant Theodore gave him prevent Nanako from dying at all?
But Goro didn’t know how the pendant worked. Would it heal Nanako completely? Or would
it only temporarily delay her death? Goro always assumed the pendant was more useful for
combat situations than illness. And if he used it too early or too late, would it work at all?
There had to be something he could do.
Goro tried to enter the hospital room, willing to at least try to use the pendant on her, but the
nurse pushed him out before he could say anything. And then Goro was suddenly afraid that
any attempted intervention of his might inadvertently lead the doctors to not being able to
save her in time.
Goro held his breath and waited outside.
“Can’t you do something?” Yosuke snapped at Teddie. “The problem is from your world,
right? Don’t you know anything that can help?”
Teddie was on the verge of tears. “I’m thinking… I’m thinking…”
“Damnit! How could this happen to a little girl like this?” Kanji demanded.
“We all just need to stay calm,” Yu said. He stopped pacing up and down the hall and ran his
fingers through his hair. “At times like these, we need to stay calm. Panicking accomplishes
nothing. Panicking only causes more problems. I just need to stay calm.”
“How the hell do you expect us to stay calm at a time like this?” Kanji demanded.
“And shouting is meant to help?” Goro asked. “Shut up and let the doctors work.”
Everybody fell into a short silence. The silence was swiftly interrupted by Adachi’s
approaching footsteps.

“You guys still here?” Adachi asked.
“What sort of question is that?” Goro asked. “Do you expect us to go home and sleep soundly
in our beds while this is going on?”
“Well, I knew Yu would still be here, but I thought the rest of you might leave… well, never
mind. It’s good of you guys to stay.”
“How’s Dojima-san doing?” Naoto asked.
“The doctors are working on him,” Adachi said. “He opened up one of his wounds back
there.”
A brief awkward pause fell between them. Yosuke quickly picked up a different thread.
“Any luck on Namatame?” Yosuke asked.
“U-um, about that… I won’t mince words here. We’re going to have a hard time to make the
charges stick.”
It turned out to be everything they expected. Namatame had an alibi for the night Yamano
was presumably killed. And although he could have put Yamano in the television at any time,
nobody else knew that. Not to mention the entire television angle was never going to hold up
in court.
“But you believe us, right, Adachi-san?” Yukiko asked.
“How could I not?” Adachi asked. “I saw you guys go through one of those things. But it
doesn’t change the fact that not everyone else is going to buy a story like that as easily.”
“If that’s the case, why don’t we bring the TV into the courtroom?” Kanji demanded. “That
might solve our problem pretty damn quickly.”
Goro couldn’t imagine what sort of public stir that would cause.
A nurse sprinted from Nanako’s room as though it was a crumbling palace. Everybody
jumped from their seats. A horrible sense of doom pooled in Goro’s stomach.
The nurse turned toward them, almost tripping. “Is Nanako-chan’s family here?”
Yu stepped forward immediately. “I’m her cousin,” he said.
“Hurry inside! Please talk to her!”
Yu ran after the nurse without another word. She slammed the door shut behind them. Goro
and the rest of the group were left staring at the closed door in sick anticipation.
“What the hell… what’s going on?” Yosuke asked.

The answer was obvious. Rise had already started crying. Yukiko whispered Nanako’s name
in quiet horror.
Goro pressed his head against the wall with enough force to feel pain. He inhaled shuddering
breaths, trying to stop himself from spiraling.
She was so young. She was so fucking young. She couldn’t die. Not after Dojima had
promised to do better. Not after Goro promised to introduce her to Yukari.
Why hadn’t Goro brought Yukari to Inaba? Why hadn’t he acted sooner?
Everyone else stepped away from the door and stood quietly. Goro could hear his own heart
beat more frantically.
Dojima’s footsteps shuffled forward faster than usual. Goro glanced to his side. Even in his
panicked state, he could see that Dojiam looked about ready to kick down someone’s door.
“How’s Nanako?!”
The others were helpless to reply.
“She’s dying,” Goro said through gritted teeth. It was the only way he could stop himself
from screaming at the top of his lungs. “Stop wasting time talking to us and go see her.”
But Dojima was already shoving the hospital door open. The nurse hastened to keep up with
him, working with about as much haste as Dojima.
“Nanako!” He didn’t bother to close the door behind him.
The piercing flatline of the heart monitor was louder than police sirens. Goro screwed his
eyes shut for only a moment before sprinting into Nanako’s room.
“Nanako?” Dojima asked.
Yu held onto Nanako’s hand with both of his own, hunched over the hospital bed. His
shoulders shook, and he didn’t look up at the others.
The doctors had their heads bowed.
Yukiko and Chie started sobbing. Rise’s crying doubled. Kanji shouted. Yosuke shouted.
Naoto said nothing.
“Nanako-chan…” Teddie said in disbelief.
Nanako lay in her hospital bed, her eyes closed. But that did nothing to hide the truth. Her
skin was already losing what little flush it still had. The heart monitor still blared. Nanako
didn’t move a single muscle.
Goro was no stranger to death. It followed him everywhere he went.

But he suddenly realized, in that moment, that he had never seen the death of a child. He had
never seen a child as small as Nanako lie still in a hospital bed, never to move again. Never
seen a brother weep silently.
Never seen a father’s horrible devastation. Never seen desperate hope break down into pained
grief. Never quite realized that a parent was even capable of it.
Shinjiro died peacefully. Shinjiro died peacefully knowing that Nanako was going to live.
Goro had promised him that Nanako was going to live.
But Goro had never been nothing more than a liar, hadn’t he? Shinjiro never got to learn the
full truth about Tsuyoshi, but he would know about Goro’s failure tonight. If he was still out
there, if Nanako was still out there–
Dojima’s expression shifted suddenly.
And while Goro had never seen a father’s grief before this day, he had seen the expression on
Dojima’s face. The grim resolve. The grief filled rage.
Namatame wasn’t going to be convicted. That much was becoming very clear.
Nanako would never smile again because of that bastard.
Dojima left the room.
Goro let him.
There was no way Dojima was going to make it past Namatame’s guards in his current state.
But maybe Dojima would get lucky. Maybe Namatame would get what he deserved.
Goro continued his efforts in trying to breathe.
The best he could manage was collapsing to his knees and shouting profanities at the air.
“What’s going on?” Adachi asked in the hallway. “Where’s Dojima-san going? Who’s
shouting–”
Goro inhaled sharply and shut his mouth. He couldn’t humiliate himself like this.
“Senpai!” Rise cried. Goro hadn’t even realized she left the room. “Come quick!”
Almost everybody ran out of the room. Goro stood up. Teddie didn’t move a muscle. Yu
stared at Nanako’s hand, which was still trapped in his own.
With the door wide open, it was laughably easy to hear the rest of everyone’s conversation.
Their discovery that Dojima was going after Namatame. Their concern that he would actually
manage to get away with it.
“Yu-kun,” Yosuke said. He stood in the doorway of the hospital room. “We need to go after
him. He could hurt himself.”

Yu looked up at Yosuke. He looked like Minato had when Goro first met him.
Minato had lost a sister too.
“Right.”
Yu gently rested Nanako’s hand down on her chest. As soon as he let go, some of his old
resolve came rushing back to him. He ran out of the room without another word. Yosuke and
Goro sprinted after him.
Adachi already ran after Dojima, but Goro still remembered where Namatame’s room was
located. Although Goro couldn’t give a crap about what happened to Namatame, he didn’t
want Dojima accidentally killing himself in the process. He had already opened up one of his
wounds a few hours before.
When they arrived at Namatame’s hospital room. Dojima was already being held back by two
police officers.
“Call a doctor!” one of the officers cried.
Dojima was losing his fight, trying and failing to free himself from the officers’ grasps. “Let
go of me… I need to…”
“Dojima-san!” Adachi cried. In a rare fit of responsibility, he took charge of the situation and
turned to one of the officers. “Quick, get him to his room! I’ll alert the doctors.”
Far less responsibly, he and the other two officers dragged Dojima-san away, leaving the door
to Namatame’s room completely unguarded.
Chie had stopped crying, but she looked like she was about to start up again. “Dojima-san…
was he really going to…”
“Don’t act so surprised,” Goro said. “Anyone would have done the same.”
There was no good response to that. Rise let out another hiccupping sob.
“He must have known that there was no way Namatame was going to be convicted,” Yosuke
said softly. “Dammit… Senpai and Nanako-chan’s dead… and he’s going to walk away for
what he did.”
“That’s not right!” Yukiko protested.
“The world’s not right!” Goro wanted to claw his heart out of his chest to make the pain go
away. “Do you think we live in a fantasy land where the heroes always win and the bad guys
always get locked away? If things were right, we wouldn’t have need for heroic fantasies to
begin with!”
Rise looked flummoxed. “But–”

A large thump came from the inside of the room. Nobody spared each other a glance before
Yu shoved the door open. They ran inside.
Namatame was on his knees next to his hospital bed. A massive television stood near the wall
a few feet away from him. A cold gust of air came from the open window.
“What are you doing?” Yu asked. His voice held no inflection, but it was so cold that nobody
else in the room dared to speak over him.
Namatame trembled. “I-I was scared. So I… I…”
“You want to run away?” Yu asked. “You’re such a heartless coward that you’re too afraid to
face what you did? Nanako’s dead because of you.”
“No, I didn’t, I–”
Buzzing TV static filled the room. Everybody stared at the massive television as Namatame’s
shadow appeared on the screen. He was grinning.
“I failed to save her. It’s because you got in my way.”
“What?” Yosuke asked. “I thought we already defeated his shadow.”
“No… come to think of it, Namatame never faced his other self,” Naoto said. “And we didn't
witness his Shadow returning to his body as a Persona, either...Perhaps that's why we're
seeing this now…”
Namatame stared at the television with a terrified expression. “What…”
“I failed. But it wasn't my fault. And the law can't touch me anyway..”
“That’s what he’s thinking?!” Chie demanded. “Then… he knew exactly what he was
doing?”
Yosuke’s expression hardened. “To hell with the law! I won’t ever forgive you for what you
did!”
“Please, stop…”
Kanji’s expression mirrored Yosuke’s. “Huh? Stop what? We ain't even done anything
yet...Or do you want us to do something...? Something fitting for a bastard like you!”
The shadow smirked. “Do whatever you want. You hate me because the child died, don't
you? I don't care either way. Living or dying makes no difference to me. But you...You're
different. You can't do such a thing. You wouldn't dare, right? I'll continue ‘saving’
people...It's my mission...!”
The TV turned off.
You can’t do such a thing.

“You don’t know us at all,” Goro said. He pushed himself to the front of the group and
towered over Namatame’s hunched form. “You don’t know me at all. Give me one good
reason why we should hesitate. If I were to throw you into that television, what would happen
to me?”
“Stop…”
“Absolutely nothing,” Goro whispered, his voice dripping in saccharine sweetness. “You said
it yourself, didn’t you? The law can’t touch me anyway. And I know the world would be
better off without a rotten son of a bitch like you.”
Yukiko found her voice. “Goro-kun, you can’t–”
“Why can’t he?” Yosuke demanded. “If we don’t do anything, he goes free! Can you really
live with yourselves if another little girl dies because of him?”
“You don’t mean…” Chie looked sick. “But…”
“We can’t let him do whatever he pleases,” Kanji said.
“I understand, but…”
Naoto spoke evenly, each word measured. “This must be a luxury suite. Most hospital wards
don't have such large televisions...Why, with something like this in the room, this man could
escape at any time...Although once he enters...he may find there's no way out.”
“Wait a second!” Rise said. “But that’s… isn’t that exactly what we’ve been fighting against?
This isn’t right!”
“It’s like Goro says,” Kanji said. “The world isn’t right. But we’d be doing everyone a favor.”
“But it’s… we’d be taking a life…” Yukiko said weakly.
“He took Nanako!” Goro shouted. Namatame flinched. “And he almost killed nearly
everyone in this room. His life is a pathetic existence, and I for one, will be glad to rid the
world of this scum!”
Yosuke cleared his throat. “Everyone...Listen to me. If we're gonna do this...now is our only
shot. We won't get a second chance. At this rate, the guy's gonna get off the hook...And he'll
go around ‘saving’ people again!” Yosuke’s entire posture screamed of firm resolve. His
hands didn’t even tremble. “Someone close to me died...Her killer can't be convicted...And
now I'm gonna let the same thing happen again? There's no way I can do that! It's just wrong,
isn't it!?”
Chie took a small step back. “But–”
“It’s so fucking simple,” Goro said. “All we have to do is shove him inside that television.
You’re not torturing him to death. You’re not shooting him in the head. It’s a simple shove.
One push to save so many more lives.”

“One push?” Rise whispered.
“If any of you want no part of this, you can step outside,” Yosuke said. “I'm not gonna force
you to stay. As for me, nothing could make me forgive this bastard...But before we do this, I
want to hear what you think.”
Everybody turned toward Yu.
Yosuke’s gaze was unwavering. “What do you want to do… Leader?”

Chapter End Notes

Guys we're in the final month of 2011,,,, soon i'll have to write 2012 in the chapters,,,,
spooky,,,
Also Yu hasn't said anything because he's pulling up the game guide on his phone,
obviously /j
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 78: December 3–5, 2011
Chapter Summary

the chapter in which Goro almost forgets he believes in friends and teammates now

Chapter Notes

tw: violence, guns, discussion of death/murder, hospitals

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The room was thick with tension as everyone waited for Yu’s response. Yu’s expression was
unreadable, but his grief was obvious. Even as Namatame sniveled and begged, the correct
choice was equally clear.
In preparation, Goro grabbed Namatame by the scruff of his hospital gown. He was so light it
was pathetic. Namatame gasped weakly.
And then Yu said the impossible.
“Wait a second…”
“There’s no time,” Yosuke snapped. “It’s now or never!”
“We’re missing something,” Yu said. “Remember? Not everything fits together–”
“Who gives a fuck about what fits together?” Goro asked. He took a step toward the
television, dragging Namatame along with him. Namatame’s breaths came in frantic gasps as
he tried to struggle against Goro. “Namatame put Nanako in the television, and now Nanako
is dead. That seems straightforward to me.”
“But Namatame’s true feelings,” Yu said. “He thinks he’s saving people.”
“We just heard his true feelings on the TV!” Yosuke shouted. “Bad people think they’re right
all the time!”
“Something about this is bothering me, alright?” Yu said. “Yosuke, we’re missing something,
and I can’t kill a man without knowing for sure–”
“We do know for sure!” Goro shouted.

“I don’t understand you,” Yosuke said. “Nanako’s dead. Don’t you realize that? She’s never
coming back because of this sick bastard–”
“We can’t kill someone—” Rise interrupted.
“We’ve got to do this!” Kanji snapped.
“Everybody calm the hell down!” Yu shouted. Everybody shut up. “Goro, put Namatame
down.”
“Just because you don’t have the strength to do what needs to be done doesn’t mean that I
don’t,” Goro said. He held onto Namatame all the more tightly. “Yosuke’s right. We will
never have an opportunity like this again.”
“And if we kill someone without knowing the facts, I will never forgive myself,” Yu said.
“Put him down.”
“It’s true that we haven’t considered anything from Namatame’s perspective,” Naoto said,
obviously trying to placate Goro. “Although there’s no doubt he caused Nanako great harm,
we don’t know anything about his motives apart from what we heard on the midnight
channel.”
“Do you think motives change anything?” Goro asked. “I killed hundreds of people because
of my daddy issues. Do you think the families of my victims give a shit about what my father
did to me?”
“We’re never going to understand him anyway,” Yosuke said. “Who kills people and thinks
they’re saving them?”
“Failing to understand and failing to listen are two different things,” Naoto said softly.
“Goro-kun, there are things about this case that I haven’t reconciled with either. Your
situation specifically. You never showed up on any television or news, and you were taken
down by a syringe, unlike Nanako and I. That paired with the strange phrasing on the
warning letter… It’s not impossible we’re dealing with another culprit.”
“Namatame’s still a culprit,” Goro hissed.
“But Namatame might lead us to the final culprit!” Yu snapped. “He can’t do anything in his
current state. At least allow us to find some answers from him before ending his life forever.”
Goro wasn’t there for Shinjiro because of this bastard. Nanako was dead because of this
bastard.
But Shinjiro believed in second chances. At least, he believed in Goro’s second chance. In
Chidori’s second chance. Would he really approve of Goro killing someone without finding
out all the facts? Would he approve of Goro killing someone at all, even if he really deserved
it?
Goro didn’t know. He couldn’t ask.

Yet… Goro hadn’t killed anyone in this timeline. Akihiko killed Takaya because Goro
hesitated. Because deep down, Goro was afraid to do what needed to be done.
Because he was tired of ending lives.
“You have a second chance,” Shinjiro had said two years ago. “What are you planning on
doing with it?”
Goro let go of Namatame.
Namatame dropped to his knees, still breathing frantically. He muttered hurried and repeated
apologies, but Goro ignored him.
“Fine, but you’d better remember this,” Yosuke said, voicing Goro’s thoughts. “I'll do
everything I can to stop him from repeating what he's done. Anytime, anywhere...anything.”
“I agree,” Yu said. “This… this can’t happen again.”
“We won’t let it,” Yukiko said. “But if there really is another person responsible, we have to
stop everyone responsible, right?”
“Yeah,” Kanji said reluctantly. “We’d just be lying to ourselves by doing anything rashly.”
“Maybe we should get out of here,” Chie said anxiously. “Shouldn’t the police be getting
back any moment now?”
Adachi chose that spectacular moment to run into the room.
“What are you guys doing in here?” Adachi demanded.
“Shit…” Kanji whispered.
“We were keeping an eye on the suspect,” Naoto said quickly. “We didn’t want him to
escape, since the other officers were busy making sure Dojima-san was alright. If Namatame
were to escape, it would ruin the police’s reputation, and their trust in you, Adachi-san.”
Goro hadn’t given Naoto enough credit. She knew how to manipulate people just as well as
he did.
“O-oh, I see.” Adachi eyed the giant television, and his eyes darted down to Namatame, who
was still kneeling at Goro’s feet. Brief understanding crossed his features. “I’ll tighten
security and have him moved out of this hospital as soon as possible. Maybe get rid of that
television too. Looks kind of dangerous. In the meantime, can you not mention you guys
were in here?”
The doctor helped Namatame back to his bed.
“Is he alright?” Rise asked. “He was kind of… upset earlier.”
“He seems fine,” the doctor said. “But he needs his rest. Outside, everyone.”

“We should see Nanako-chan anyway,” Yosuke said reluctantly.
They’d lost their chance to get rid of Namatame. And, as determined as Yosuke was, they’d
likely never have such a perfect opportunity ever again.
“Is Dojima-san alright?” Yu asked Adachi as they left the room.
“He’s fine,” Adachi said. “Well, as fine as you can be, at least. You should probably see him.”
A nurse ran up to them. She was beaming.
“There you are, all of you!” she gasped for breath. “Please, come with me!”
“What happened?” Yu asked immediately, but the nurse was already walking back to the
hospital room. Everyone was too sick with anticipation to ask again.
“Well, hurry up and follow her!” Adachi said. “I’ll keep watch over Namatame.”
They returned to Nanako’s hospital room. The heart monitor was beeping at regular intervals
again.
The heart monitor was beeping at regular intervals again.
“Is this… is this some sort of mistake?” Yu whispered. He was staring at Nanako as if he had
just seen the sun after a year of darkness. “She was… I was…”
“She’s alive!” Chie laughed in relief.
The doctor nodded. “It's very rare to be resuscitated after one's heart and lungs fail, but it
does happen. But until I know why she collapsed in the first place, I can't say for sure how
well she'll recover from here on...Still, Nanako-chan's a fighter, and she's trying desperately
to stay alive.”
“She’s alive,” Goro said, echoing Chie’s words. “Oh my god.”
Nanako was alive.
Goro tuned out everyone else’s exclamations of relief and gratitude. None of it mattered.
Nanako was alive, and Goro hadn’t failed Shinjiro. He had kept his promise. Shinjiro could
rest easy.
Nanako could continue to live.
A large tear rolled down Goro’s cheek as Kanji gently rested a hand on Goro’s shoulder. “Did
you hear the doctor? We’ve got to scram for the night.”
In the background, Yosuke was asking about Teddie’s location. Maybe Goro should have
been worried, but he was still stuck on the fact that Nanako wasn’t dead.

Goro lagged behind the others as he left the hospital room. Everything about that night was
so surreal. Nanako dying… Nanako reviving herself from the dead. It was a miracle.
But miracles didn’t happen.
Ryoji would probably argue otherwise.
Goro glanced behind him. If Goro was lagging behind, Yu wasn’t even a part of the group.
He stood in front of Nanako’s door, looking reluctant to leave the hospital at all. Adachi
walked up to Yu, and Goro found himself stopping to listen in.
The conversation started out mundane enough. Adachi warned Yu not to enter the suspect’s
room again, even though Goro was certain they would be trying it tomorrow.
“I also came to give you another update on Dojima-san,” Adachi said. “He’s asleep now. It
looks like some of his wounds opened up a bit, but they’ve fixed him up.”
“Does he know about Nanako?” Yu asked.
Adachi beamed. “Oh yeah, I heard! You guys were being so dramatic that I got really
worried–”
“Dramatic?” Goro demanded, forgetting that he was technically eavesdropping. The
terminology was just so absurd he couldn’t let Adachi get away with it. He turned on his heel
and marched up to Adachi. “You think that grieving over a dead girl is dramatic?”
Adachi appeared completely flummoxed by Goro’s sudden arrival. “Akechi-kun, what… no!
I just–”
“Goro,” Yu said. He grabbed Goro’s wrist before Goro did anything rash. “It doesn’t matter.”
Goro yanked his hand from Yu, but he didn’t attack Adachi.
“It does matter!” Goro gave Adachi a steely glare. “Nanako was dead. How would you have
wanted us to respond?”
“You all responded perfectly reasonably, of course!” Adachi looked appropriately panicked.
“Look, I clearly missed something. So many things were happening at once, I didn’t even
realize Nanako was actually dead. Or, well, maybe I was in denial. I wasn’t thinking when I
said you guys were dramatic.”
“I’m not the one who needs an apology,” Goro said.
“No, I understand,” Yu said. “It’s really okay, Adachi-san.”
“No,” Adachi said. “I’m sorry. I really don’t think before I speak sometimes.”
“There are worse flaws to have,” Yu said.

“Heh, right.” Adachi ran his fingers through his hair and sighed. “Well, at least I have
Akechi-kun here to keep me on the straight and narrow.”
“I’m not your moral compass,” Goro said.
“No, that’s probably Dojima-san’s job, isn’t it?” Adachi grinned. “I bet he’ll be back on his
feet and yelling at me in no time.”
Jester Arcana: Rank 9

Teddie was missing.
The last time anyone had seen him was at the hospital. He never showed up back at Yosuke’s
house, and he wasn’t answering any of their phone calls, even though Yosuke had given him
a phone nearly a month before.
The group scoured the town to find him that morning. Goro even asked Igor if he knew
where he was, and he received the sort of vague response he had come to expect from anyone
residing in the Velvet Room. By the time they had searched everywhere they could think of,
they gathered in Yosuke’s room in the hopes of finding Teddie waiting there cluelessly.
No such luck.
“Don’t tell me he went back to his world,” Yosuke said, pinching the bridge of his nose.
“But I checked the TV world,” Rise said. “I couldn’t sense him anywhere.”
“Maybe he’s hiding?” Yukiko asked.
“I’m worried about Teddie too, but we must trust him to come back on his own,” Naoto said.
“We only have a short window of time before Namatame returns. We must act now before it’s
too late to find the information we seek.”
Naoto was right. If they wasted this opportunity, they might as well have killed Namatame
when they had the chance.
“Oh, right,” Yosuke said. “That thing about there being two killers.”
“I keep circling back to the warning letters and Goro’s unusual kidnapping,” Naoto said.
“The warning letters’ phrasing of ‘rescue’ imply that someone other than Namatame wrote
them. And the only reason we could pinpoint for Goro being targeted was his immediate
investigation concerning the case. It had nothing to do with appearing on the television,
which is all the other victim’s connecting thread.”
“So you think another person tried to kill Goro-kun?” Kanji said. “Another copycat?”
“That wouldn’t make sense,” Goro said. “Although Kubo wanted to take credit for the other
murders for the sake of the attention, you’ll notice he targeted Morooka because of his less

than pleasant personality. If it’s true that the killer targeted me because of my investigation,
it’s not likely a copycat would find that a sufficient reason to kill me specifically.”
“No… he would have to be already involved, wouldn’t he?” Yosuke said. “Your investigation
wouldn’t affect him otherwise.”
“This is all conjecture, of course,” Naoto said. “It’s possible Goro was targeted for another
reason. But if the investigation angle is correct, and if someone other than Namatame
attempted the murder, it implies that there was another person involved in the previous
incidents.”
“Not to mention the guy must have known to throw Goro inside a TV,” Chie said. “I mean,
how do you accidentally drop someone inside a television?”
“So you think some mastermind manipulated Namatame into participating in the murders?”
Yu asked.
“I don’t want to jump to conclusions before speaking to Namatame first,” Naoto said. “But
that is my current theory, yes. It is essential that we hear Namatame’s side of the matter,
however.”
“Then let’s stop wasting time and speak to that son of a bitch,” Kanji said.
With a fake “suspicious object” and Naoto’s authority with the police, they were able to get
inside Namatame’s room without being stopped. From there, it was only a question of getting
answers from Namatame.
And what a tale he spun.
Apparently, after the news of his affair with Yamano came out, he returned to Inaba. Dejected
by the ruin he had brought upon himself and Yamano, he decided to test out the Midnight
Channel rumor. That was when he saw Yamano appear on the Midnight Channel. He
unthinkingly reached to touch her, and his hand went through the television.
And then Yamano was found dead.
When Namatame saw Konishi on the television, he tried to warn her of what might happen.
She didn’t listen. She died too.
Apparently, by the time he saw Yukiko on the television, he was becoming desperate. He
wanted to save her, but she wasn’t going to listen to his warning. Therefore, he thought if he
put Yukiko inside the television, it would be a way to protect her instead. When Yukiko
turned up alive, he thought it had worked, so he continued the trend.
It sounded like a ton of horseshit to Goro.
“What, like it was some holy mission?” Goro asked. “You kidnapped people from their
homes!”

Namatame flinched. “I thought it was the only way to help them,” Namatame said regretfully.
“I didn’t realize the other world was such a horrible place… You were right to want to kill
me.”
“Now’s not the time for self-pity,” Yu said. “Did you talk to anyone? Before you started
putting people in the televisions? Did someone suggest the idea to you?”
Namatame shook his head. “Not that I remember, no. I didn’t realize anyone else had the
ability.”
Namatame might be severely misguided at best, but even he would have surely remembered
if someone went up to him and suggested that he throw people inside a television to keep
them safe.
The police officer returned to the room, and they were kicked out. They began to walk to
Nanako’s hospital room to visit.
“So Namatame wasn’t solely responsible after all,” Naoto said. “A separate party was
responsible for the first two murders.”
“And Goro’s kidnapping,” Yu said.
“But who would do that?” Yosuke asked. He grit his teeth. “Ugh, it feels like we’re back to
square one.”
“We should review Yamano and Konishi’s cases for fresh details,” Naoto said. “Hopefully
there’s a connecting thread we’ve been missing until now.”
A sick feeling rested in his gut. Like there was something he should remember, some dots he
should have connected by now. But no matter how hard he tried to put them together, he
came up blank. Nobody he knew had a motive for killing Yamano and Konishi. Nobody he
knew could certainly be some grand mastermind.
He was missing something.
But what?

After visiting Nanako, Goro slipped away to Dojima’s room.
Dojima was once again confined to his hospital bed. A nurse was practically standing guard
in his room, making sure he couldn’t leave and re-open his injuries again.
She left when Goro came in, obviously choosing to give them space.
“Akechi-kun,” Dojima said. “This is a surprise.”
“It’s nothing personal,” Goro said. “I just wanted to make sure you weren’t dying again.”

“Ah, well, I don’t think you need to worry about that.” Dojima grimaced. “I’m sorry if I gave
you a scare yesterday. I wasn’t myself.”
“You didn’t scare me,” Goro said. He wasn’t entirely sure if it was true. “I couldn’t blame
you.”
“I was just… There’s no way to explain it,” Dojima said. “Nanako is my everything. When
she died, I wanted Namatame to feel even a fraction of my pain.” He looked away from Goro
restlessly. “I really shouldn't say that as a detective.”
Well, Goro couldn’t say he didn’t understand, but he had another pressing matter on his mind.
“I did have a question, if you don’t mind,” Goro began slowly.
“A question?” Dojima asked. “What is it?”
“That night… when you went into the television…” Goro said, trying to formulate his
thoughts in a coherent manner. “Only a few people have naturally had the ability to enter
TVs, but you seemed to come to that power and enter the television without anyone already
with the ability pushing you in.”
“Hmm, yeah, I guess that is kind of odd.” Dojima frowned, furrowing his eyebrows. “I don’t
know… things are kind of hazy after the wreck… oh, but you know, there was one odd
thing.”
Goro leaned forward. “Yes?”
“A guy with glowing yellow eyes helped me out of the car,” Dojima said. “I kind of thought I
hallucinated it, if I’m being completely honest.”
Goro clasped his hands together so tightly his nails dug into his skin. “Glowing yellow eyes?
Can you describe anything else about him?”
“It was kind of dark, but… I think his hair was curly?” Dojima grimaces. “Sorry. Again, my
memory is a bit hazy.”
So Tsuyoshi gave Dojima the ability to enter the TV. That was certainly… convenient timing.
But if Tsuyoshi was responsible for Dojima having the power, was he responsible for Yu and
Namatame having the power too?
“Every little bit helps,” Goro said, hoping he hid his dread effectively. He bowed. “Thank
you very much.”
“Sure.” Dojima sighed and slumped back into his pillows. “I can’t wait to put all of this
behind me. Be back at home with Nanako… maybe Namatame will even get convicted.”
Dojima snorted derisively at his own words.
“I’m sorry.”
Goro said the words before he could stop himself. He didn’t owe Dojima anything, and yet…

He was sorry.
Dojima looked back at Goro, confusion on his face. “What are you apologizing for? You
helped rescue Nanako.”
“I… “ Goro couldn’t implicate the rest of the group in this. “I could have killed him, after the
police took you away. I was going to. But I didn’t.”
“You shouldn’t apologize for not killing a man,” Dojima said wearily. “It wouldn’t have
brought her back anyway.”
“It could have saved others.”
“Murder isn’t the answer.”
Goro froze. Dojima didn’t break away from his gaze, and Goro’s skin began to crawl.
Why was he upset? It certainly wasn’t the first time he heard that cliche phrase. He was sure
it wouldn’t be the last. There was no reason to be so unsettled. Even if it was a naive way to
look at things, he had never gotten so upset by it before.
“So I’m just meant to leave it to the law, is that it?” Goro asked sharply. “To your precious
legal system?”
“Are you really going to have this argument with a police detective?”
“It’s because of people like you that I had to–” Goro shut his mouth before he got himself
arrested. “That is to say, sometimes murder is the only solution. What about self-defense?”
Dojima’s expression grew more tired. “Look, I’m not saying the world is a black and white
place where we can abide by hard rules. But a kid like you shouldn’t resort to murder before
exhausting all of your options. Hell, even if you have, a kid like you shouldn’t be killing
anyone.”
Goro’s eyes burned, which only made him more furious.
“You don’t know anything about me,” he snarled. “I’m not some innocent little kid who
needs your sheltering. Why does everyone feel the need to shelter me?”
“Call it instinct.”
“Well, I didn’t ask for your instincts.” Goro got to his feet and bowed stiffly. “I’m glad you’re
not dead.”
“I’m glad you didn’t kill anyone.”
Goro marched away before his ridiculous teenage hormones made him cry in front of
Dojima. He had no reason to cry. He was angry. He was furious that Dojima would belittle
him like that.

He made it out of Dojima’s bedroom before a sob unexpectedly tore its way from his throat.
A kid like you shouldn’t be killing anyone.
Do you think I keep you around for your pretty fucking face?
Goro started to laugh even as tears rolled off his face.
Chariot Arcana: Rank 8

The next day was filled with asking around for Teddie, as well as trying to find any new
information about the killer.
By the time they met up at Aiya for dinner, they had discovered absolutely no new
information. Nobody Goro spoke to mentioned seeing anyone suspicious at all earlier that
year, apart from one girl who knew about Namatame warning Konishi about her impending
death.
“So, to sum it up, no new information: the end?” Chie said in disappointment.
Naoto frowned. “The police had an unusually large number of officers in their initial
investigation of the first two incidents. To find facts that even they overlooked would be
difficult indeed, now that over half a year has passed. There wasn't a single report of
suspicious persons being witnessed to begin with... Yamano-san had ardent fans whereas
Saki-san didn't, but otherwise the conditions are the same.”
“There has to be something,” Yu said. “We know there’s a mastermind, right? So, with our
information, we just have to figure out who exactly fits the criteria.”
“It’s true that the killer would have to be someone to go unnoticed by most of the town’s
residents,” Naoto said. “He would have to have some sort of connection with Yamano,
Konishi, and Goro. As well as in some position to observe our actions periodically, to some
extent. Finally, it must be someone who could approach Senpai's house without arousing
suspicion...I need some fresh air before I give it more thought. I'll be outside.”
Yu and Yosuke followed Naoto outside. Goro didn’t move from his seat.
Someone who could approach Yu’s house without suspicion… Dojima, obviously, was no
longer a suspect. The same held true of Nanako and the rest of the Investigation Team.
Who else was there who came to Dojima’s house regularly enough to not draw suspicion?
The fucking mail man? A neighbor? Adachi?
The uneasy feeling from the day before came back full force.
Adachi. Adachi had the means to watch their progress from a distance. Not only had he
actively participated in one of their stake outs before, but he was close enough with Yu and

even Goro to get information on their progress. To make matters worse, before Goro came
along, everyone was meeting openly in Junes.
Adachi had the power to get rid of the threatening notes Yu received. That was why he was
bold enough to put the letters in the mailbox to begin with. He could intercept and get rid of
them before any evidence was discovered. That would be why no new information came out
of the letter that Dojima took from Yu.
The alibi that Adachi so easily remembered didn’t work anymore either. He could have killed
Yamano and Konishi and have nothing to do with Kanji’s kidnapping.
And who was it that Goro spoke to about his suspicions? Who had Goro half accused of
being the killer the day before he was taken?
Adachi.
Who had pinned suspicion on any suspect that happened to prance his way? Who was so
incompetent that it was a wonder he even had a job? Who would nobody begin to suspect?
Adachi, the hopeless detective. He would never be able to pull off any criminal behavior. He
was too incompetent.
Who had been adamant about the group not speaking with Namatame, even though he was so
eager to help? Who called everyone’s reactions to Nanako’s death dramatic?
Goro stood up and pulled out his phone. He dialed Adachi’s number.
“Adachi speaking.”
“Hello, Adachi-san,” Goro said sweetly. “I was hoping to treat you to ramen for all of your
help today. Are you free?”
“Ah, no, actually I’m going to the hospital overseeing Namatame’s transfer,” Adachi said.
“Maybe tomorrow?”
“That’s fine.”
Goro hung up.
“Um, why are you inviting Adachi to dinner?” Kanji asked. “You just ate dinner.”
“It’s Adachi,” Goro said before sprinting out of the restaurant. He pushed his way past
Yosuke and continued to run to the hospital without another word.
“Goro-kun!” Naoto shouted. “Where are you going?”
“Remember to answer your fucking phone!” Goro shouted behind him.
It probably wasn’t the response Naoto was hoping for. Goro hoped she got the message
nonetheless.

Naoto wasn’t quite sure what to make of Goro’s sudden departure. Neither were any of the
others.
“Uh, where did Goro-kun go?” Yosuke asked. “And why does he want us to answer our
phones?”
“Maybe he realized something?” Yu offered.
“Perhaps we should go inside and see if he said anything to the others,” Naoto said.
It was extremely bizarre to see Goro appear so erratically. Although he had a tendency
toward being reckless, he usually behaved recklessly in a more contained fashion, so as to
hide his true intentions from others.
“It is getting cold out here,” Yosuke agreed.
They entered Aiya. Everyone was already out of their seats, looking absolutely flabbergasted.
They must not have expected Goro’s sudden departure any more than Naoto did.
“Um, what just happened?” Kanji asked.
“We were hoping you could tell us,” Yosuke said.
“All he did was call Adachi,” Rise said. “He wanted to invite him to lunch, and then he was
running off. He looked upset.”
“Did Adachi hurt his feelings or something?” Kanji asked.
“I know it sucks to have your plans be rejected, but isn’t that a bit overkill?” Chie asked.
“I doubt he was running away because of that,” Yukiko said.
Yu’s eyes had widened as soon as Rise uttered Adachi's name, and he looked rather ill.
“Yu-kun?” Naoto asked. “Are you alright?”
“It’s Adachi,” he said.
“Huh, that’s what Goro-kun said too–” Chie said. “Wait.”
“It’s Adachi as in: Adachi is the killer?” Yosuke asked. “You mean: Adachi the lazy detective
is the killer? That Adachi?”
“How many other Adachis do we know?” Kanji asked.
“But Adachi can’t be the killer,” Yosuke said. “Come on. He’s Adachi. And he was helping
us earlier, remember? How could Adachi be the killer?”

“I don’t know,” Yu said, grabbing the back of a chair tightly. “But I was thinking about it
even before Goro ran out, and he’s the only one who fits.”
“It’s true that nobody would find Adachi-san’s presence suspicious,” Naoto said. She was
having trouble believing it herself. “He’s a detective, which means nobody would even
bother to suspect him. He is also a friend of the Dojimas, making it not unusual for him to be
by Yu’s house.”
“I’m going to be sick,” Chie said.
“But… Adachi was helping us,” Yukiko said. “And before, I mean, he said he came to escort
Yamano-san…”
This was new information.
“He came to the inn?” Naoto asked immediately.
Yukiko nodded. “When Ms. Yamano was staying at our inn, the media were swarming all
over it. That's when Adachi-san arrived, saying he had been assigned to guard her...He told
our waitress that fame could be rough…”
“Do you think he could have killed Yamano then?” Rise said. “During that time?”
“I guess he could,” Yu said.
There was something Naoto had overlooked as well.
“He also questioned Konishi on numerous occasions,” she said. “I heard it was because there
was so little information on the case at the time, but… It's certainly unusual to question
someone with as strong an alibi as hers multiple times…”
“That connects him to Saki-senpai,” Yosuke said.
“And Goro-kun said he spoke to Adachi about his suspicions the day before he was taken!”
Chie said.
“It’s definitely looking like more than coincidence,” Yu said grimly.
“So that’s why Goro-kun ran off?” Kanji said. “He figured out the truth and wanted to speak
to Adachi?”
“It’s still only a tentative theory,” Naoto said reluctantly. It was difficult to believe that
Adachi could be capable of masterminding such a plot, and they still didn’t know how
Adachi would have manipulated Namatame. “I would like to get some confirmation.”
Naoto pulled out her phone and called an officer. That was when she was rewarded with the
unwelcome news that Adachi was overseeing Namatame’s transfer to another hospital.
“What was that about transport?” Chie asked as soon as Naoto hung up.

“Adachi is headed to the hospital to oversee Namatame’s transfer,” Naoto said.
“It sounds like you kids should get a move on,” the owner of Aiya said unexpectedly. “Don’t
let that criminal escape!”
Naoto flushed. They really should have known better than to discuss the issue in such a quiet
public space. “Well, it’s still a theory–”
“Hurry!”
They were half-way up the central shopping district when Naoto received a phone call. She
almost ignored it– time was of the essence– but she remembered Goro’s words.
Answer your fucking phone.
She pulled her phone out. It was a call from Goro.
She answered.
“Goro-kun, where are you?”
“Where else?” Goro asked in a whisper. “I’m at the hospital. I’m about to speak to Adachi. It
occurred to me to explain the plan to you before I started.”
It only just occurred to him? What if something went wrong? What if Naoto didn’t get the
message? “What plan?”
“I’m going to put my phone in my pocket and approach Adachi in an attempt to get the truth
from him. I need you to record the call and not hang up. Of course, I have the call recorded
on my end, but two copies are better than one.”
It was a fairly decent plan, if not a little dangerous. Naoto trusted Goro to extract himself as
soon as Adachi started showing signs of violence.
“Fine,” Naoto said. She put her phone on speaker and began to record. “Don’t do anything
reckless.”
“No promises.”
The sound became suddenly staticky and unclear, but she could still hear the words being
exchanged.
“Goro-kun,” Adachi said. “What are you doing here?”
“I was hoping–”
“What are you doing?” Yosuke asked Naoto. “We’ve got to–”
Yu, who was already hovering over Naoto’s shoulder, shushed him. The rest of the group
gathered around Naoto.

“Is now really the time for a chat?” Adachi asked.
“I won’t waste your time. It’s about the case, but I’d hate for anyone to overhear something.”
Naoto began to run to the hospital, holding her phone to her ear as she ran.
There still wasn’t any time to waste.
Fortune Arcana: Rank 6

Goro had to give Adachi credit where credit was due. He had a marvelous poker face. His
face did not shift to one of suspicion. His eyes did not narrow threateningly.
He looked as confused as an innocent person would be. And as eager as a cop looking for
new information on the case.
Nevertheless, he lead Goro to an empty hospital room and shut the door behind him. Good.
The privacy would lead Adachi into a false sense of security. He might be more willing to let
something slip if it was just Goro, a weak thirteen-year-old, in the room with him.
“Man, you’ve never asked for privacy when we’ve talked about the case before,” Adachi
said. “Are you sure nothing’s wrong?”
“I just don’t want the information to fall into the wrong hands,” Goro said. “It’s imperative
we get a head start on whoever our culprit might be, right?”
“I’m confused,” Adachi said. “Isn’t Namatame the culprit?”
“That’s what we believed at first,” Goro said. “But further investigation implies that there
might be a third person involved.”
“A third person?” Adachi’s eyes widened. “Come on. How many people can shove people
into TVs? If everyone could do it, we’d know about it by now, right?”
“Oh, you’re certainly not wrong, Adachi-san,” Goro said. “As far as I’m aware, Yu-kun,
Namatame, and Kubo are the only ones who naturally have the ability. I only gained the
power when I was rudely shoved into the television by our mystery culprit.”
“You mean Namatame,” Adachi said.
“My name was never in Namatame’s notebook,” Goro said. “I imagine that is a bit of a
problem in your investigation.”
“Well, you didn’t really have an address at the time, so that’s not that suspicious.”
“Yamano didn’t have an address either,” Goro said. “She was staying at the inn as well. She
was in the diary.”

“Well, if Namatame didn’t kill Yamano, then why was her name in the diary?” Adachi asked.
He scratched the back of his neck. “Your theory has the same problem as ours.”
Check.
“I didn’t say anything about Namatame not killing Yamano,” Goro said.
“Oh, well, it was implied, wasn’t it?” Adachi said. “I mean, we know that he was involved
with most of the kidnappings, right? So it would make sense for Yamano and Konishi to be
the ones killed by a separate person.”
Adachi could hide, but Goro wasn’t done.
“Of course,” Goro said politely. “Adachi-san, I was wondering. Did the crime lab ever get
any forensics on the note that Narukami-kun received last month?”
“The note?”
“The threat,” Goro clarified. “Dojima-san had it, and I’m sure he turned it in the forensics.
It’s a big piece of evidence, after all.”
“Evidence? It looked just like a prank to me,” Adachi said. “I haven’t heard anything about it
since the incident. Maybe someone forgot?”
“Someone coincidentally pranked the person actually rescuing people?” Goro asked. “A bit
unlikely, don’t you think?”
“Well, I don’t think he gave it to me,” Adachi said. He laughed nervously. “I should probably
check, though. Dojima might kill me if he did and I forgot to submit it.”
“That would be wise.”
“I’m still confused,” Adachi said. “You said that you were telling me something big. All
you’ve given me is a half-baked theory.”
“I’m not done,” Goro said. “Do you recall one of the first conversations I had with you?”
“Um… no?”
“I suggested that the culprit could be a police officer,” Goro said. “More specifically, as a
joke, I suggested that you had the potential to be the culprit.”
“You’re not seriously thinking… I thought you let me off the hook!” Adachi said
exasperatedly. “I had an alibi, remember?”
“An alibi for the crimes we know Namatame to have committed,” Goro said. “Not for my
kidnapping, or for Konishi and Yamano’s murders, for that matter.”
"I’m not a killer,” Adachi said. “Are you really that desperate to solve this? I mean, I can’t do
any of that stuff with the TVs, or I would have accidentally fallen in by now!”

It was horrible. If the evidence hadn’t been stacked against Adachi, Goro would have
believed that statement wholeheartedly. Hell, he had even started to grow fond of Adachi’s
fumbling.
But Goro couldn’t afford to be sentimental. He didn’t have time for feelings of regret and
betrayal. He had a job to do, and if Naoto had half the brain Goro thought they did, they
would be waiting for a climax.
“I’m glad you took me to a luxury suite,” Goro said, as if he hadn’t gestured in the direction
of the hospital rooms with the televisions when offering to go to a private area. “We have a
television we can demonstrate on.”
Adachi’s veneer of confusion flickered. “What?”
“None of us have brought you into the television,” Goro said. “And you haven’t fallen in,
because we haven’t had to save you. If it’s true that you have no ability to push people into
the television, then just touch the screen. I won’t bother you about your suspicious behavior
and the disappearing evidence again.”
“That won’t prove anything,” Adachi said. “For all I know, your power is contagious. It’s not
like I go around touching TV screens on the regular.”
Goro was cornering Adachi. He was beginning to panic.
Good.
“On the contrary,” Goro said. “I spent the night in close proximity with a friend of mine. He
touched a television while standing right next to me, and his hand didn’t go through. Mine,
on the other hand, did.”
“Well, maybe it’ll work, and you’ll think I’m the killer,” Adachi said. “Maybe I just didn’t
know I had this power! I mean, Dojima-san didn’t get pushed in, right?”
It was too complicated to explain Tsuyoshi right now. “I recently confirmed that someone
with the power transferred it to him without him noticing. Regardless, it doesn’t matter. Don’t
even try to tell me that you haven’t been trying to put your hand in the TV as soon as you
heard about this other world,” Goro said. “If you have the power, you know. And if you do
have the ability, that automatically makes you a suspect. So touch the damn television.”
All of the panic and confusion on Adachi’s face slid off, revealing a nasty scowl.
Checkmate.
“I bet you think you’re really clever,” Adachi said. “That’s what you brats all think you are,
right? You think you’re the cleverest kids in town.”
Adachi marched up to Goro and grabbed him by the arm. Goro didn’t break his gaze with
Adachi.

“What’s the plan here, Goro-kun?” Adachi snarled. “Are you going to tell the police about
me? Say that I push people into televisions? They’re never going to believe you.”
“They might not,” Goro said, “but Dojima will. And trust me, we will find a way to get you
put behind bars.”
Adachi scoffs. “And how will you do that?”
The confession we’re recording on our phones is a start, Goro does not say. Adachi must
have noticed a smug look in Goro’s eyes anyway, because his grip on Goro’s arm tightened.
Good. Any violence will provide more solid evidence to get Adachi arrested.
“Are you sure you want to attack me?” Goro asked anyway, because he’d prefer to come out
of this encounter in one piece. “Someone might come running if I scream.”
“Huh, good point,” Adachi said. He shoved Goro away and locked the door. “And don’t start
spouting any bullshit about cameras. They don’t have any in patient rooms. And even if they
did, you’d be amazed how easy it is to delete security footage.”
“So you admit it?” Goro asked.
“I hate brats like you,” Adachi said. “Poking your nose into everyone’s business, refusing to
leave me alone. Pretending to be nice when everyone knows you’re really just a little shit.”
Adachi threw a punch, and Goro dodged out of the way.
“Well, you win,” Adachi said. “But you won’t be alive to tell anyone about your victory.”
“You can’t throw me in the television,” Goro said, stepping away from Adachi. If he engaged
in a fight, Adachi would certainly win. He had size and strength on his side. Now would be
the ideal time to try to escape the room, but Goro wanted as clear as a confession as possible.
“I have a persona. I wouldn’t die.”
“Maybe not,” Adachi said, pulling out a gun. “But nobody ever said anything about disposing
bodies inside the television. I think that would work out nicely, actually.”
Shit.
Goro reached into his pocket and pressed the emergency button Mitsuru gave him just as
Adachi kicked him in the gut.

Chapter End Notes

Goro's recorded conversation might not necessarily be admissible in court but you know
what is? Evidence of assault, great job Adachi, you've played right into Goro's hands. <3

This is probably the new update time for the rest of the summer. Unless I get really tired
of posting first thing in the morning. we shall see.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 79: December 5–7, 2011
Chapter Summary

Two villains being terrible in the same chapter? What is this world coming to

Chapter Notes

tw: guns, violence, injury, implied/referenced child neglect, emotional manipulation,
referenced kidnappings/murder

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Ryotaro knew he shouldn’t be leaving his hospital room, but the unusual amount of hustle
and bustle made him nervous. Adachi tended to be in the center of the chaos these days, and
he was hoping to find him and ask what the hell was going on.
When he reached the hospital lobby, one of the phones at the desk wass ringing, but no one
was around to answer it. Ryotaro gave the caller ID a passing glance.
Narukami Yu
Ryotaro balked. Dismissing the fact he wasn’t a hospital employee, he picked up the phone.
“Yu?” he demanded. “Why are you calling–”
“What part of the hospital are you in?” Yu demanded.
“What?”
“We’re almost there, but you might be closer. Goro-kun’s in trouble.”
Couldn’t they go a day where someone wasn’t in trouble? Would that be too much to ask?
“I’m in the right wing,” Ryotaro said.
“Okay, great,” Yu said. He sounded out of breath. “We’ll be there– in two minutes. We can’t
really tell exactly where they are, so just listen for the sound of a struggle. It’s one of the
luxury rooms.”
Yu hung up. Ryotaro didn’t waste any more time asking questions. He needed to find Gorokun and his attacker.

The sound of the gunshot was a pretty good place to start.

Goro didn’t want to escape to the television unless it was an absolutely last resort. He had no
idea where he could end up, and he might end up dying alone in there just as well as he
would with Adachi.
Recovering from the kick, Goro sprinted to the door. Adachi was faster. He grabbed Goro by
the hair and slammed his face into the door’s wooden surface. Goro inhaled sharply. In spite
of the bruising pain in his head, he fumbled with the lock and clicked it open.
Adachi still pulled Goro away and threw him to the other side of the room.
“Promise me you won’t breathe a word of this to anyone, and you won’t have to die at all,”
Adachi said, pointing his gun at Goro. “I’d hate to use this thing.”
An old, familiar fear came rushing back. It had been a strangely long time since anyone
pointed a gun at him.
But there wasn’t any time for freezing up.
“You can’t,” Goro gasped, still reeling from pain. “It’s too loud.”
Adachi’s grin widened. “What? Is self-defense a crime now—”
Goro launched himself forward and kicked Adachi in the groin. Adachi doubled over and
swore at the top of his lungs.
Without hesitating, Goro grabbed the gun with both hands and tried to wrestle it out of
Adachi’s grip. Adachi pulled the trigger just as Goro yanked the gun away from his face.
A loud bang broke his eardrums.
The bullet hit the wall behind Goro’s head. Goro froze, breathing heavily.
Adachi grinned, but it was nothing like the embarrassed smile he had given Goro in the past.
It was the same grin Goro had once seen in the mirror. A monster finally being let loose.
“Whoops,” Adachi said lazily. He yanked the gun out of Goro’s grip and pointed it at his
chest. “Now be a good little boy and stand down. Next time, I won’t miss.”
Abandoning the gun, Goro spun around and made a second break for the door. Adachi swore
and fired again.
Goro dropped to the ground just in time for a bullet to go through the door where his chest
had once been.
Goro stood up and reached for the door handle. Another thundering gunshot. Goro tried to
spin out of the way, but the bullet grazed his arm.

Goro clutched his arm and looked up at Adachi, who was smiling victoriously. He raised his
gun again and—
The door burst open. Good. Either the cops heard the racket or the Investigation Team came
to intimidate Adachi into giving himself up. Goro would be happy either way.
But when Goro glanced over his shoulder, he only saw Dojima, wearing his hospital gown
and resting his hand against the doorframe for support.
“What the hell is going on in… Adachi?”
Adachi froze. His expression flickered. Goro had no idea how he thought he was going to get
out of holding the same gun that had injured Goro, but his old guilty smile spread across his
face.
“Ah, Dojima-san,” Adachi said. “I… I can explain.”
Adachi had let his guard down. If Goro fled now, it was possible Adachi would change his
mind and shoot Dojima to save himself. Dojima was in no condition to defend himself.
“I can’t believe it,” Dojima said. “Adachi, what the hell is going on here?”
Adachi looked awkward and uncomfortable and not at all like he had a minute before. “I can
barely believe it myself. All of a sudden Goro grabbed my gun and started shooting me. I
barely managed to wrestle it out of his hands when I accidentally shot his arm,” Adachi said.
“It was just self-defense.”
Adachi was standing in front of the television.
“Self-defense? You expect me to believe that–”
With newfound adrenaline, Goro sprinted forward and pushed Adachi with all of his might.
Adachi yelped as he toppled backwards. He fell into the television headfirst.

Thou art I… and I am thou
The connection that you have nurtured has been transformed

Thy bond shall be the compass of redemption
and break the yoke of thy heart

The power of the Jester Arcana has been set free
Granting thee ultimate power

“Don’t worry, Dojima-san,” Goro gasped. He didn’t think he had a concussion, but now that
the danger had passed, he felt somewhat on the verge of passing out. “We’ll drag him out
later.”
“Akechi-kun,” Dojima said. “You’re injured.”
“I know… you don’t approve of killing,” Goro continued. “But he was going… to kill us
first.”
The police had finally arrived. So had the rest of the Investigation Team.
“Put your hands up!” one of the officers said, pushing Dojima aside. Goro put his hands up,
even though he didn’t have a gun.
“Where’s Adachi?!” Naoto snapped.
“He escaped,” Dojima said. “What the hell’s going on?”
“Somebody get Goro-kun medical attention…”
Goro really needed to stop passing out in front of an audience. He blamed the blood loss and
adrenaline crash.

Goro returned to consciousness a few moments later to Yu and Kanji holding him by his
shoulders and sitting Goro up. The doctors took Goro away moments later, because while
Goro’s injury wasn’t remotely fatal, the blood loss was naturally a concern. As soon as they
dealt with the injury and ensured Goro wasn’t going to die, Goro fell asleep in the hospital
room, utterly exhausted.
When Goro next woke up, he was lying in the hospital bed, and Dojima was the one sitting in
a chair next to him.
“Do the nurses know you’re out of bed again?” Goro asked dryly.
“They don’t mind as much since I’m sitting down,” Dojima said. “Besides, I figured you
could use at least someone there when you woke up.”
“I’m not dying,” Goro said.
“No, you were only shot and badly bruised,” Dojima said. “Guess I shouldn’t have come
down here after all.”
Goro supposed he had a point.
“Where are the others?” Goro asked.

“If school’s over, they’re trying to find Adachi, I think,” Dojima said.
“If school’s… it’s Tuesday?” Goro demanded. “Tuesday afternoon?”
“You passed out pretty late in the evening,” Dojima said sympathetically. “And you are a bit
worse for wear.”
“Tuesday afternoon,” Goro muttered. He had slept for over twelve hours. Was this his
punishment for getting approximately three hours of sleep for the past few evenings?
“Adachi made me miss a day of school.”
“You are one strange kid.” Dojima shook his head with an amused expression. “The good
news is that once they drag Adachi back to the real world, there’s a good chance we can pin
him. Your plan with the phones actually worked, even if it was a bit poorly thought out.”
“It was not poorly thought out,” Goro said irritatedly. “I lulled Adachi into a false sense of
security and got him to confess. I even recorded him attempting to murder me too, and I
explained the plan to Naoto beforehand.”
“Yeah, Shirogane had a message for you, actually,” Dojima said. “She wanted you to know
that telling her the plan at the last second without telling her all of the details was not a wellthought-out plan. And it’s up to debate if the recording will hold up as evidence.”
“She should be grateful I included her in the plan at all,” Goro muttered. “And you’re a
witness to Adachi assaulting me. He was the only one in the room with a gun. There’s still
evidence against him.”
“Please don’t tell me you’ve pulled something like this before,” Dojima said.
“No, it was quite different,” Goro said politely. “I didn’t involve other people those times.”
“You kids are going to be the death of me.”
“Adachi was going to be the death of both of us, actually,” Goro said. “Sorry I didn’t find a
better solution before resorting to murder.”
Dojima frowned. “He’s not dead yet.”
“But if he does, it will be my fault.”
“It was self-defense.”
Goro rolled his eyes. “That doesn’t ring a bell at all.”
“Adachi was bullshitting,” Dojima said. “You were actually defending yourself.”
“So, yesterday, murder was bad, but today it’s fine if it’s for the right reasons,” Goro snapped.
“Pick a side.”
“I think I failed to explain myself properly yesterday.”

“Well, you have all the time in the world to explain yourself now,” Goro said. “Do you
approve of murder as a solution, or don’t you?”
“If it’s down to your life or his, then do what you have to do,” Dojima said. “In this case,
Adachi was a full-grown adult waving a gun around, and you were a kid. Who knows what
could have happened if you hadn’t acted.”
“He could have surrendered,” Goro said. “He hesitated when you came in.”
“He threatened my family,” Dojima said. “I find it more likely that he would have just ran
away into the same television you pushed him in.”
“Oh, excellent,” Goro said. “I helped him.”
“What’s done is done,” Dojima said firmly. “There’s no point in obsessing over it.”
“I’m not obsessing.” Goro glared at the ceiling.
“He’s not the same man we thought we knew.” Dojima’s voice turned bitter. “He tricked us
all.”
“I don’t care about Adachi,” Goro said. He looked away from Dojima and ignored the pain in
his arm. “I never trusted him to begin with.”
If only he were telling the whole truth. Maybe he wouldn’t feel so disappointed.
“Then I guess you’re sharper than most.”
“Please, Dojima-san.” Goro’s words dripped in derision. “Don’t give me credit where none of
it is due. It’s not good for my ego.”
Chariot Arcana: Rank 9

Rise couldn’t find Adachi in the TV world. The only thing she could say for sure was that
Adachi was in there, which there really wasn’t any doubt over. Dojima had seen Goro push
him in.
Yosuke was still reeling from the absurdity of it all. Adachi was their killer. Not only was
Adachi their killer, but he was actually scary. He pointed a gun at a kid. Who did that?
Apparently Adachi.
“Damnit,” Kanji said as they exited the electronics section of Junes. “We came so far just to
run straight into a dead end.”
“I can’t believe I couldn’t find him,” Rise said. “Are my power really that– Teddie?!”
Teddie? What did he have to do with this…

Yosuke looked in the direction Rise was staring. Teddie was peeking his head around the
corner, his face hidden by his bear costume.
“Teddie!” Yosuke exclaimed, surprised but mostly relieved. “Where the hell have you
been?!”
“I’m sorry,” Teddie said sadly.
Rise burst into tears.
“Don’t apologize, Teddie-kun,” Yukiko said. “Are you hurt?”
“No,” Teddie said, shaking his entire body back and forth. “I figured out a lot of things. Stuff
about me...and that world. I wanted to tell you all… Wait a minute, where’s Goro-kun?”
“It’s a long story,” Yosuke said.
“Why don’t we go to the hospital and see if he’s woken up yet?” Naoto asked. “Then Teddie
can tell him his tale. We can catch Teddie up on the past few days on the way there.”
“Sounds good to me,” Kanji said.
“Why is Goro in the hospital?!” Teddie asked.
“Adachi is the killer,” Yu said. “We think he manipulated Namatame into ‘rescuing’ most of
the kidnapping victims. He definitely killed Yamano and Konishi.”
“What?!”

It turned out Teddie was a shadow who developed a psyche of his own. As fascinating as the
discovery was, it didn’t quite top being the hopes and dreams of humanity. At least the
question to Teddie’s origins had been answered.
Despite Goro’s unnaturally long nap, the hospital staff couldn’t see any reason for him to
stay. His injuries were mostly minor, and the wound in his arm was not infected.
Goro was glad to not be confined in a hospital bed. For one, he would be able to assist in
finding and dragging Adachi back to the real world. Secondly, hopefully everyone could
forget about Goro’s reckless actions sooner.
Back when Goro was with SEES, the consequence of putting his life on the line without fully
informing the team was a lecture from Akihiko and maybe a few exasperated discussions.
Ikutsuski had always adopted the “what’s done is done” policy, and everyone had enough of
their own problems to dwell on it too long.
Upon checking his phone, he saw he had a near infinite number of missed calls from
everyone in SEES. He probably spent about an hour explaining the situation to everyone over
the phone, even though it sounded as though Yu already told Mitsuru what had happened.

Goro assured them he was fine, they told him not to pull a stunt like that again, and the world
continued spinning.
Shinjiro’s number was glaringly missing from the list of missed calls. The world spun
nonetheless.
The Inaba residents were not so accustomed to Goro’s streak of foolishness. Not only did
Goro have Dojima of all people checking on him, but Tatsumi came to the hospital too.
“You gave me quite a scare,” Tatsumi said. “Who knew that Adachi-san could turn out to be
such a villain?”
Goro didn’t point out that a small part of him had always suspected. He had fallen for the
same trap as everyone else in the end. It was remarkable how easily he ended up trusting the
very same adults he swore to be wary of.
The entire Investigation Team came to make sure he wasn’t dying, even though he hadn’t
been even close to fatally wounded. They trailed behind Goro like a group of ducklings
trying not to lose track of their mother.
“I can’t believe you would confront Adachi like that without bringing the rest of us,” Chie
said.
“You were pretty badass, though,” Kanji said. “Where did you learn to corner people like
that?”
“Might I remind you that it was my entire job at one point in my life?” Goro asked. “You
guys are overreacting. He barely hit me.”
“He shot at you,” Yu said.
“Look, I’m sorry for not communicating my intentions better,” Goro said, because he hadn’t
fully thought things through. “But I got a confession out of Adachi, and we have something
that the courts can actually convict him with.”
“Well, that’s true,” Yukiko said reluctantly.
“I just can’t believe he shot at you,” Yosuke said. “I know he wasn’t the best detective, but I
never thought he would be so, so–”
“Mean,” Teddie said succinctly. He growled. “When I get my paws on him, I’m going to–”
“Nobody is going after Adachi alone,” Yosuke said loudly, staring at Goro meaningfully.
“When we find him, nobody is going to try to reason with Adachi alone either.”
It was Yu’s turn to get the meaningful stare. Yu refused to make eye contact.
Rise shuddered. “I really don’t think we’re going to be able to reason with him.”

Exams were over, and Goro quite frankly did not give a shit about getting sick. Although not
ideal, he could easily enough fight shadows while sick, and he needed to know Tsuyoshi
wasn’t doing something awful to Akira behind Goro’s back.
Goro attempted to call Akira when he got back to Tatsumi’s house, but he received no
response.
Akechi Goro: Can we talk?
Kurusu Akira: Sorry, I’m busy.
Therefore, the following morning, Goro crept out of the house with Monster Cat, claiming he
wanted to give Monster Cat some air.
“I don’t think that air is good for the poor creature,” Tatsumi said. “The fog is getting thicker
by the hour, it seems.”
“I’ll be fine, Tatsumi-san,” Goro said firmly. “I’m meeting with a friend. We’ll be able to
walk together.”
“Oh, is that friend who used to own the cat?” Tatsumi asked. “I haven’t seen him in a while.
How is he?”
“Last I checked, he came down with some sort of cold,” Goro said. “But he’s on the road to
recovery.”
Tatsumi wasn’t wrong about the fog. If it weren’t for Teddie’s glasses, Goro wouldn’t have
been able to see a thing. The sheer lack of visibility even put Monster Cat at unease, and he
didn’t complain at all when Goro scooped him up in his arms.
Goro walked to Akira’s house and crept to the back yard. He trusted that none of the
neighbors could see what he was doing, although Tsuyoshi sometimes seemed to be
omniscient. Still, Goro tried to remain undetected until he found the window for Akira’s
room.
Akira was still in his room, wearing his school uniform and putting schoolbooks into his bag.
He had recovered from his mystery illness, at least.
Goro knocked on the window. Akira dropped his books. He leaned toward his window to see
who it was, and his face slackened when he made eye contact with Goro.
“Come out here,” Goro said loudly, certain his voice was muffled through the glass.
“What are you doing here?” Akira probably said. Unlike Goro, he did not bother to shout.
Goro was left to read his lips.
“Monster Cat misses you.”
Hearing the sound of his name, Monster Cat meowed on cue.

Akira wordlessly opened the window and crawled out.
“This is the strangest dream since the one about the school that turned into a castle.”
“It’s not a dream–wait, what was that?” Goro asked.
Akira frowned. “What was what?”
Why was Goro hoping? Akira had only said it was a dream, but it was just like Akira to mask
his untouchable past under the guise of a dream.
“That statement. About the dream.”
“About the school that turned into the castle?” Akira asked. “It was a weird dream I had a
few years ago. I don’t remember most of it. I just know a school turned into a castle, and I
was really late to class. It scared me a lot.”
Of course. It must have been some remnant of memories from the past timeline, or maybe
Goro’s two lives overlapped, or… it didn’t matter. Akira didn't remember. Goro had known
better than to hope.
He tried to keep the bitterness out of his voice, but it was difficult.
“Right,” Goro said. “Well, as I was saying, I want to talk to you.”
“I thought Monster Cat missed me,” Akira said. “Why can’t we do this inside? Why didn’t
you ring the doorbell?”
“I was worried your uncle wouldn’t let me in,” Goro said. “Why didn’t you tell me your
parents weren’t home again?”
“I didn’t want to worry you.” Akira took Monster Cat from Goro and hugged him closely to
his chest. “And why wouldn’t my uncle let you in? He knows you’re my friend.”
How the hell was Goro meant to tell Akira that his uncle was some sort of powerful being
that seemed to have it out for Goro specifically?
“I tried to visit you when you were sick,” Goro said carefully. “Your uncle said you didn’t
want me to get sick during exams.”
“Well, yeah, but only because you said it first…” Akira said.
“I never said that.”
“But my uncle said…” Akira’s expression tightened. “You’re saying my uncle is a liar.”
“Akira-kun, I know your uncle is a liar,” Goro said. “If you would give me more time to
explain, I could prove it to you.”

“Oh yeah?” Akira asked. “Then what about that text message I sent you yesterday? I asked if
you wanted to meet since I wasn’t sick anymore, and you said that you had better things to
do.”
Goro’s skin crawled. He fumbled with his phone and looked at his most recent conversation
history with Akira.
There was no sign of any text messages from Akira saying that he wasn’t sick anymore.
There was no sign of Goro’s response, for that matter.
“I didn’t get that message,” Goro said. He showed Akira his phone screen.
“You really expect me to see that in this fog?” Akira asked flatly. “It might be easier if we
talked about this inside.”
“Is your uncle home?” Goro asked.
“He’s making breakfast, but until you can actually prove that my uncle is as dangerous as you
think he is, I’m not going to speak with you anywhere else.”
Akira wasn’t leaving Goro with much of a choice.
Akira went back into his bedroom, and Goro crawled in after him. The room was at least
markedly warmer, and Goro took off his glasses.
Akira tilted his head in confusion. “Why were you wearing those?”
“Aesthetic,” Goro lied.
“Okay, well…” Akira sighed. “Are you going to show me your phone?”
Akira was still holding Monster Cat with both arms, so Goro held the phone screen up to
Akira’s face. Akira peered at it with a frown.
“How do I know you haven’t deleted the messages?” Akira asked carefully.
“You really don’t trust me that much?” Goro asked, stung.
“I know what my phone says.” Akira put Monster Cat down on his bed and tossed his phone
at Goro. Goro caught it with one hand and stared at the messages the phone was already
opened to.
Kurusu Akira: im better if you want to meet up before school
Akechi Goro: sry im too busy for you atm
It was Goro’s contact. Underneath the message was Goro’s following request to talk. Akira’s
cold response made a little more sense now. But the fact remained that Goro had no memory
of sending that message. Not to mention it wasn’t on his phone. Had someone been meddling
with his text messages?

There was no denying that there was no way Goro could have seen or sent that message,
though. Akira sent that text on Tuesday morning. Goro wasn’t awake on Tuesday morning.
“I couldn’t have sent this,” Goro said. “I was in the hospital.”
Some of the cold hardness on Akira’s face wavered at that statement. “You were in the
hospital?”
Goro faltered, but he couldn’t imagine Akira would take “it’s a long story” as an acceptable
answer.
“I confronted someone who I thought could be responsible for the murder cases happening
around town,” Goro said. “He shot me.”
“He shot you?”
I shot you too, once, Goro thought.
“He just grazed my arm, I’m fine,” Goro said dismissively. “All I’m saying is that the
experience was harrowing enough that I was asleep for most of Tuesday. There are people
who can verify that.”
“But…” Akira looked hopeless. “If you didn't send the message, who did?”
“You’re not going to like this hunch, but I think your uncle–”
“Are you kidding me?” Akira snapped. “You think my uncle magically got into your
messages and sent that in your place?”
Yes, actually.
“He’s been feeding us incorrect information,” Goro said. “He’s been trying to separate us.”
“Uncle wouldn’t lie to me,” Akria snapped. “He’s been nothing but kind to me.”
Goro needed to stay patient. There had to be a way to get through to Akira. He wasn’t a fool,
after all, or Goro would have never been so intrigued by him in his first life.
“I know that he seems that way, but he’s threatened me on more than one occasion. He’s
taking advantage of you.”
“I’m getting kind of sick of your concern for me,” Akira said. “First you accuse my parents
of being negligent, and now my uncle is some sort of villain?”
“Your parents are negligent–”
A knock suddenly rang from the other side of the door. “Akira-kun?” Tsuyoshi’s voice said,
dripping with concern and false sincerity. “Who are you talking to?”

“Uh, no one!” Akira said. He started pushing Goro toward the empty window. Goro was
more than happy to oblige.
“You don’t mind if I come in, then?”
“I’m getting dressed!” Akira squeaked frantically.
Goro jumped outside and hid underneath the window. The fog fell thick and heavy around
him as Akira shut the window behind him.
Goro held his breath and kept his ears strained to hear the conversation.
Priestess Arcana: Rank 7

“See?” Akira said, opening the door for his uncle. His mind was still frantically going
through all the information Goro presented him with, but there was no time to focus on that.
He was kind of preoccupied with trying not to get in trouble for letting a friend sneak into the
house. “Nobody’s here.”
Tsuyoshi’s eyes landed on something behind Akira. Akira’s heart skipped a beat. What had
he forgotten?
“Akira-kun…” Tsuyoshi said. “Why is there a cat in here?”
Crap.
Monster Cat was still sitting on Akira’s bed, behaving quite well, all things considered. He
was staring at Tsuyoshi with slitted pupils. Did he believe the same things about his uncle
Goro did?
“Um, well, I was taking care of him for a friend,” Akira said. “I’m sorry for not telling you.”
Tsuyoshi laughed. “No worries. I’m not your parents. I can’t tell you whether or not you can
keep a pet around.”
That’s it? No lecture? Not demanding that Akira get rid of the animal by the time he got back
from school?
“Oh. Thank you.”
“But I don’t think you were talking to a cat,” Tsuyoshi said. His eyes gleamed the way they
did when he was about to tell a joke, and he raised his voice slightly. “We all know cats can’t
talk.”
Akira’s heart sank. Tsuyoshi had to know that Goro was outside, or he wouldn’t have raised
his voice like that. Admittedly, neither of them had been keeping their voices low when
arguing. Tsuyoshi probably knew exactly what they were talking about too.

“I was talking to myself,” Akira tried.
“It’s okay,” Tsuyoshi said. “I’m not mad. But why don’t you let poor Akechi-kun back in.
That cold can’t be good for him.”
“You’re not angry?”
“It’s only reasonable that you listen to your friends,” Tsuyoshi said. “Especially if they come
knocking on your back window. It wasn’t like you tried sneaking out in the middle of the
night.”
Hot relief flooded Akira. “Oh. Thank you. Again.”
“No need to make a big deal out of it.” Tsuyoshi walked across the room, unlatched the
window, and pulled it open with ease. He poked his head outside. “Alright, Akechi-kun! You
can come out now.”
Akira stood next to Tsuyoshi and looked for Goro in the fog. He found him sitting right
underneath the windowsill.
“It’s okay,” Akira told Goro. “He’s not mad.”
Tsuyoshi looked down in the direction Akira was staring. It was hard to read Goro’s
expression in the fog, but he didn’t look very happy.
“There’s nothing to be afraid of, Akechi-kun,” Tsuyoshi said. “I don’t bite, but the frost
might.”
That was a terrible joke. Akira thought he saw Goro cringe too.
“Well,” Goro said, standing up. “What a relief. If you would excuse me, Kurusu-san, I have
to go to school.”
Goro didn’t look remotely relieved. His hold on Akira’s phone was so tight that Akira was
worried he’d accidentally crush it.
“And leave your cat behind?” Tsuyoshi said. “Come on. If you come inside, I can treat you to
breakfast.”
“You also have my phone,” Akira added.
Goro’s face unexpectedly smoothed out. Where there was once poorly veiled resentment,
Goro looked like the sort of pleasant child his parents would smother.
“Very well, then,” Goro said. He climbed back inside the bedroom and handed Akira his
phone with a bow. “I suppose I can go in for a little while. I certainly didn’t mean to
accidentally steal your phone, Akira-kun.”
“N-no, it’s okay.” It wasn’t the first time Akira had seen Goro act this way, but usually it was
around strangers and when Goro was already in a good mood. Akira had never seen Goro

switch his attitude around so suddenly.
“Great!” Tsuyoshi shut the window and redid the latch. “Now, I know there isn’t a lot of time
before school, but is everything okay? It sounded like you two were fighting.”
“It’s nothing,” both Goro and Akira said in unison.
“Is that right?” Tsuyoshi asked. “I guess I made up my name being tossed around then.
Something about me threatening you?”
“I’m afraid you took me out of context,” Goro said. Lied. There was nothing out of context
about what his uncle had just said. “I was merely concerned that you were taking advantage
of Akira with the frequent absence of his parents. The world is full of manipulative people.”
“Oh, well, in that case, I can’t be too upset with you for that.” Tsuyoshi’s smile thinned. “But
know that I would never hurt Akira. And if someone’s hurting you like that, you should really
tell someone. They could help.”
“Thank you for your generous offer,” Goro said. “But I’m fine.”
“He said he was in the hospital yesterday,” Akira said, because no matter how mad he was at
Goro, he was still worried. “Someone might have manipulated his text messages.”
“Now, that is worrying,” Tsuyoshi said. “Was there anyone in the room with you?”
“Nobody who would open my phone without permission,” Goro said. “Now, if you would
excuse me, I really have to be getting to school.”
“Without eating anything?” Tsuyoshi asked.
“I ate at home.” Goro said. “I was just checking up on Akira.”
“Do you seriously still not trust him?” Akira demanded. “He’s trying to help you.”
The pleasant expression on Goro’s face shifted to something sad. “And I’m trying to help
you. But if you don’t want my assistance, then you don’t have to take it.”
“I don’t need help,” Akira said.
“Clearly.” Goro took a deep breath. His face became plastic again. “You can keep the cat. I’m
sure your uncle will let you watch him while your parents are away.”
What was Goro’s problem? Akira had great parents, and his uncle did nothing but love and
support him. Hell, his uncle was trying to help Goro with whatever was going on with him.
Why did Goro insist on stirring up trouble where there was none?
“I wouldn’t trust you with him anyway,” Akira said.
Goro bowed and left the room without another word. Akira cringed when the front door
opened and shut loudly.

“Whoops,” Tsuyoshi said. “I think I made things worse.”
“I just don’t understand,” Akira said. “Why would he accuse you of trying to manipulate me
like that?”
“He’s worried,” Tsuyoshi said. “I can’t say for sure, but I think he might have gone through
something similar. That, or he’s trying to stir up trouble to get away with blowing you off so
many times.”
“Goro wouldn’t do that,” Akira said weakly.
“If you say so, then I believe you,” Tsuyoshi said. “Try not to worry about it too much, kid.”
But Akira did worry. He worried a lot. Why had Goro gotten shot? Why would Goro tell such
a massive lie? Why did he treat his uncle like a broken glass bottle that needed to be handled
with care?
Why did Akira feel so sick to his stomach?

Chapter End Notes

I nearly forgot but there has been new art! Go check both of them out and give the artists
love.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 80: December 7, 2011
Chapter Summary

For the first time ever, a single day takes up a single chapter
this is huge

Chapter Notes

tw: misogyny, references to violence & murder, implied/referenced child abuse

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Goro wasn’t sure why he had expected the conversation about Tsuyoshi to go better than it
had. All things considered, it was a miracle Tsuyoshi hadn’t decided to follow him outside
and “not threaten” him.
It was obvious that Tsuyoshi was going out of his way to separate Goro and Akira. Not only
that, but he was vying for Akira’s trust to such a degree that Akira had wholehearted faith in
him. Akira was young and emotionally vulnerable with his absentee parents; he was an easy
target for manipulation.
It made Goro’s blood boil.
But what could he possibly do? Tsuyoshi would surely act out if Goro kept trying to openly
convince Akira his uncle was evil. At this rate, Akira wouldn’t want to speak to him again
anyhow. And then Akira would have no one but Tsuyoshi to listen to.
There had to be some way Goro could get to Akira. One that didn’t involve dragging Akira
into this murder mess before his time. But how?
That question haunted Goro throughout the rest of his time at school. He only put it on hold
when he reached the TV world to meet up with the others.
“Are you sure you’re okay, Goro-kun?” Yukiko asked. “Should you be out here?”
“I’m fine,” Goro said. “As I’m sure I’ve told you a hundred times before, he just grazed me.
It’s nothing to be worried about.”
“I’m not worried about the injury,” Kanji said. “I am worried about the cat. You took it out
this morning and never came back.”

“I lost him in a custody dispute,” Goro said. Hopefully Tsuyoshi didn’t decide to drown him
while Akira was sleeping. Goro was hoping Monster Cat would get in some scratches if
Tsuyoshi tried to do anything to hurt Akira.
“A custody dispute?” Yu asked. “With who, Akira-kun?”
“I’ll tell you about it later.” Goro crossed his arms and turned toward Teddie. “How’s the
hunt for Adachi going?”
“I can definitely tell he’s here…” Teddie said. “But the fog is completely covering his scent.”
It was true that the fog had only seemed to thicken in the TV world as it got worse outside.
Even with his glasses on, Goro struggled to see past a few meters radius.
“You can’t do it either, Teddie?” Rise asked disappointedly.
“Is it wrong to hope he gets himself killed in this place?” Kanji asked.
“Normally, I would say yes, but from the way he was talking the other day…” Yosuke
grimaced. “The world would probably be better off without him.”
“Come on, guys,” Yu said, his voice sharper than usual. “Haven’t we sworn to each other that
we’re going to find the whole truth? How are we meant to do that if we don’t find Adachi?”
“I agree with Yu-kun,” Chie said. “I know that I won’t be satisfied until I know why Adachi
chose to be such an evil bastard.”
“There isn’t always a satisfying answer to that question,” Goro said warily. “If he’s even
going to be willing to tell us his motives.”
Goro would be extremely grateful if Adachi would be willing to share anyway. The injury on
his arm, although inconsequential, still stung whenever he thought of Adachi’s betrayal. At
least Ikutsuki had the decency to explain his master plan as soon as he revealed himself to be
a heart-sucking son of a bitch. Adachi had skipped straight to the murder part.
“It’s Adachi,” Yosuke said. “He accidentally spills all of his secrets all the time.”
“Goro-kun has a point,” Naoto said. “The Adachi that accidentally helped was merely a
facade to hide what he was truly capable of. We shouldn’t be underestimating him.”
“We can’t underestimate him if we can’t find him first,” Kanji said. “Are you sure you can’t
do anything, Teddie?”
“I’m trying!” Teddie got into a horse-riding stance and roared dramatically.
“What are you doing?” Goro asked exhaustedly.
“I’ve found something,” Teddie said, although the enthusiasm in his voice was replaced with
uncertainty. “This way.”

“Is it Adachi?” Kanji asked.
“Um… it definitely smells,” Teddie said. “But it’s strange. This is the place where I met
Sensei, Yosuke, and Chie-chan for the first time.”
“Huh?” Yosuke asked. “Where was that again?”
As if Goro would know. Come to think of it, the story of how Yu and the others had come to
even discover the TV world had been greatly abbreviated when told to Goro.
“You mean that room with the creepy noose?” Chie asked. “He’s in there?”
“I thought that place was a reflection of Yamano’s heart,” Yu said. “Why would Adachi be
there?”
“There’s only one way to find out, right?” Kanji asked.

The entrance to Adachi’s palace was quite anti-climactic, all things considered. In
comparison to a strip club, secret base, and heaven, a small room was nothing particularly
mind blowing.
The noose and ripped up poster did create a rather unsettling atmosphere.
Adachi had his back to them, staring out a large window. Was he enjoying the fog’s murky
gloom?
“That bitch…” Adachi was muttering to himself as they entered. “I noticed her first...and she
just had to run off and have an affair…” Teddie let out a not remotely convincing sneeze.
Adachi spun around with a nasty glare. “Who's there!?”
“Hello, Adachi-san,” Yu said quietly.
“Oh, it’s just you guys,” Adachi said. “You here to arrest me, or is Goro-kun just here to
finish the job?”
“You wish,” Goro said disdainfully.
“I still don’t understand,” Rise said. “I thought you wanted to help us! I thought you cared
about Dojima-san!”
“You know, I really didn’t expect Yu to take the plunge and stick his hand inside of the TV in
front of Dojima and I,” Adachi said. “It definitely made things funnier, though.”
“Funnier?” Yosuke asked. “Nanako and Dojima-san were trapped in the TV world, and you
thought it was funny?”
“Can you blame me?” Adachi asked. His face twisted into an unnatural scowl. “Not much
gets on in the boonies, imagine my surprise when I developed supernatural powers one day

out of the blue. And then watching everyone try to get my help to catch this killer? Talk about
dramatic irony.”
“This is real lives you’re talking about, you bastard!” Kanji shouted.
“So?” Adachi asked. “It’s not like I was trying to kill anyone. It was this world that did the
actual killing, right?”
“I can’t understand,” Yukiko said. “You killed those poor people because you were bored?”
“Those poor people? Give me a break. Yamano and Konishi were both gold digging whores
who couldn’t see a good thing when it was staring them in the face.”
Fantastic. Not only did Adachi turn out to be a killer, he also was a raging misogynist. Goro
couldn’t wait to see how Adachi would disappoint him next.
“You–you–” Chie sputtered. “How could you say that?!”
“It was pretty easy, really,” Adachi said. “Everybody knows about the two of them cozying
up to Namatame.”
“Allow me to get this story straight,” Naoto said coldly. “Correct me if I’m wrong. In the
wake of Namatame’s affair, you went to the Amagi Inn to speak with Yamano. When she
rejected your advances, you pushed her inside the television. With this new power, you called
Konishi into the office and pushed her inside the television as well. When Namatame started
‘saving’ people, you chose to sit back and watch the show.”
Goro picked up the thread. “You stayed in the office longer to ensure you had an alibi during
the time Namatame took one of his victims, in case the kidnappings were connected to the
murders. When I started asking around, you thought your comfortable position of innocence
was challenged, so you attempted to kill me instead.”
“Pretty good. I guess you’re not famous for nothing, Naoto-kun,” Adachi said begrudgingly.
“You missed a few things, though. Like the part where I encouraged Namatame to find a way
to save the people showing up on the television himself.”
“But I thought the police didn’t take Namatame seriously!” Chie said.
“They wouldn’t have,” Adachi said. “But I just happened to be the one to answer the phone.
Obviously, the police weren’t going to believe a word Namatame said, but Namatame had the
means to save the people himself.”
“I can’t believe you,” Yu said. “You really didn’t care who was killed?”
“Don’t act like this isn’t all just some game to you either,” Adachi said. “All of you. This is
just like one of those TV shows, right? I used to eat those up when I was a kid. A group of
quirky young teens band together to fight evil, am I right?”
“That’s not what this is about,” Yosuke said.

“You said we missed a few things?” Naoto asked. “What else did we miss?”
“I put that Kubo kid in the television too,” Adachi said. “I don’t need you idiots thinking that
a slimy kid like that was worthy of the sort of power we have. He was trying to get the police
to arrest him, and if the case closed, Namatame might stop saving people. I really couldn’t
have that.”
“Because god forbid you lose the opportunity to toy with people’s lives,” Goro said.
“There’s a bit more to it than that,” Adachi said. “The midnight channel itself is a pretty
hilarious bonus. I remember being pretty excited for yours, Goro-kun. For such a nosey kid,
the other you is pretty pathetic.”
Goro pretended the words didn’t hurt. Both of his shadows were pathetic in the end. That was
somewhat the entire point. “Not as pathetic as you.”
“That’s pretty big talk for a scared little kid.”
“Hey!” Kanji snapped. “This little kid was smart enough to get you to confess!”
“Although he failed to inform the rest of us of his plan,” Naoto muttered, crossing her arms.
Goro had a feeling he wasn’t going to be forgiven for that any time soon. He probably
deserved it.
“Who even cares anymore?” Adachi asked. “Even if you can find a way to implicate me in
the real world, it’s not like it’s going to matter anyway. Haven’t you noticed? These two
worlds are merging into one.”
“Wait a minute,” Rise said. “This isn’t the real Adachi.”
“But he doesn’t smell like a shadow either,” Teddie said.
“You can figure all that out?” Adachi asked. A milder grin settled on his face. He almost
looked like the Adachi Goro used to trust. “I’m impressed. But yes, I’ve got to admit that this
world has taken a real shine to me. The monsters here don’t attack me at all. Maybe it’s
because we have the same goal.”
“Does this have to do with the TV world merging with the real world?” Yu asked.
“So you’ve noticed, then,” Adachi said. “The fog from the TV is filling the ordinary world.
By the end of the year, there won’t be any sides at all anymore. But hey, I’m in here if you
want me. You just have to find me first.”
“Can we take this bastard down already?” Kanji snapped.
“Didn’t you hear those two?” Adachi asked. “This isn’t my body.”
“It might make me feel better,” Kanji said.

The words were no sooner out of Kanji’s mouth when Yosuke threw his kunai at Adachi’s
face. Adachi disappeared as soon as the blade connected with him, and the kunai bounced off
the wall anticlimactically.
“Who knew that all of you were just violent chumps.” Adachi’s voice echoed off the walls of
the rooms. “Well, if it’s a fight you want, I’ll be waiting.”
“You come back, you– you–!” Chie shouted, but Adachi didn’t say anything further.
A massive portal opened up in the wall Adachi’s specter once stood in front of. Everyone
stared at it for a shocked moment before they turned to each other.
“What did Adachi mean?” Yukiko asked. “About the real world being like this place?”
“And didn’t he say by the end of the year?” Chie demanded. “It’s already December!”
Teddie looked at the ground glumly. “I think he means...this world will engulf the human
world. The people in town are acting weird. It's like when the Shadows that emerged from
people went berserk. If the fog gets even thicker and this town is completely shut off from the
outside world...Then...the other side might become full of Shadows, like over here…”
“You mean, everyone’s going to be turned into Shadows?” Rise asked.
“But it’s only going to be the town of Inaba?” Goro asked. “The rest of the outside world will
remain unscathed?”
“I guess so,” Teddie said. “But I think, over time, the fog will continue to spread to other
parts of the world too. Maybe even the entire world if nothing is done to stop it.”
“Oh, well, that’s comforting,” Yosuke said sarcastically.
“Something has to be causing the fog,” Naoto said. “According to Akechi-kun, most worldending calamities have a malevolent deity behind them.”
“Is that true?” Kanji asked.
“Mostly,” Goro said.
“You don’t think that Kurusu-san could be responsible, do you?” Yukiko asked. “We know
he’s evil.”
“It’s not likely,” Goro said. “He’s been haunting me for two and a half years, and these
incidents haven’t started until this past spring. I’d be glad to ask him if that would be
convenient to you.”
“Don’t do that,” Yu said.
“Why not?” Goro asked. “It’s not like we can do anything about him at the moment. I might
as well get some use out of him trying to turn my friend against me.”

“What?” Naoto asked.
“It’s a long story,” Goro reiterated.
“One I think you should have time to tell,” Yosuke said.
“I’m all for theorizing as to what might cause the world to end, but can we do it outside of
this place?” Chie asked. “If we’re not going to be tracking down Adachi today, then I don’t
want to be in here any longer than I have to. It’s kind of creepy.”
“That’s the understatement of the century,” Yosuke said. His eyes darted up to the noose still
hanging from the ceiling.
In the relative safety of the TV world entrance, Yu turned to Goro and told him to explain
what was going on with Tsuyoshi.
“Are we really going to do this now?” Goro asked exasperatedly.
“You got shot a few days ago because of your abhorrent communication skills,” Yu said.
“Yes, we are doing this now.”
Did gray hair come with an uncanny stubbornness for getting answers out of Goro? Because
he didn’t appreciate it.
“Fine,” Goro said. He proceeded explained the confrontation that occurred between Goro and
Akira that same morning. By the time he was done, everyone’s complexions had turned a
shade paler.
“He’s sick,” Chie said. “Are you kidding me?”
“And his parents aren’t home?” Yu asked. “Ever?”
“Not ever,” Goro said. “If his parents weren’t ever home, I wouldn’t have to take care of the
cat. I’ve even met them.”
“Oh,” Yu said. The tension in his face didn’t melt away, but his fists loosened. “That’s
something, I guess.”
“No, it’s not!” Yosuke exclaimed. “You mean to tell me that this creep snuck into your
hospital room and meddled with your text messages?”
“That’s the running theory, yes,” Goro said.
“And you’re sure there’s nothing we can do about him?” Naoto asked.
“Well, I haven’t exactly tried to stab him in a public setting,” Goro said. “But he hasn’t
shown any reaction to any of my attempts to hurt him. He doesn’t even look like he’s in
pain.”
“Then the only thing to do is to make sure your friend stays out of his influence,” Naoto said.

Yu stuffed his hands into his pockets and snorted derisively. “Easier said than done.”
“Perhaps you should speak to him, then,” Naoto said. “You could come to an understanding.”
“Me?” Yu asked.
“Why not?” Goro asked. “All you ever seem to do is connect with people.”
“I know, but I… Naoto could probably logic Kurusu-kun better than I could,” Yu said.
“It’s not about logic,” Yosuke said. “It’s about empathy. Kurusu-kun is probably going to
listen to someone who actually has similar experience than to the rest of us.”
“But my uncle actually is a good guy.”
“You still have the best shot,” Kanji said. “Naoto-kun can always clean up after you if it
doesn’t work out.”
“And maybe it can keep you distracted from all this Adachi business,” Chie said in an
obvious effort to be cheerful. Her smile wavered. “Right?”
“I know we already agreed on this, but remember that nobody can go chasing Adachi by
themselves,” Rise said. “We’re all going together, or not at all, okay?”
“I’d have it no other way,” Yosuke said. “We all have a bone to pick with the guy, right?”
“Right,” Yu said.

Goro pulled Yosuke aside after they left the TV world.
“He’s lying,” Goro said.
“Yu?” Yosuke asked. “Yeah, I know.”
“You know?”
Goro knew that Yosuke wasn’t as much of the fool as he sometimes acted, but Yu was very
adept at hiding his intentions. The only reason Goro knew he wasn’t lying is because there
was no way in hell Yu wasn’t going to try to reason with Adachi on his own. Goro had seen
his expression during their entire conversation with Adachi’s ghost. There was too much
desperate hope in his eyes.
“Hang out with a guy for long enough and you start getting a gut feeling, right?” Yosuke
asked. “Don’t worry, I’ll keep an eye on him. You just focus on not getting stabbed
unexpectedly.”
“I’ll let the record show that I have never been stabbed in any meaningful fashion,” Goro
said.

“There’s a first time for everything, right?” Yosuke’s expression softened. “Thanks for
looking after Yu-kun, though. I really appreciate it.”
“Oh, it’s nothing,” Goro said.
“It’s not,” Yosuke said. “If I didn’t know, and you didn’t say anything, and then something
happened… it would have been bad.”
“Well, I’m trying to learn a thing or two about healthy communication.”
Yosuke grinned and winked. “At the rate you’re going, I’m sure you’ll even get there one
day.”
“Stop, you’ll make me blush.” Goro said with a deadpan expression. He took a deep breath.
“I hope you’ve been working on your communication skills as well.”
“What are you talking about?” Yosuke asked, looking genuinely confused. “I’m great at
communicating.”
“Oh.” Goro widened his eyes exaggeratedly. “That’s why you’ve barely shown a shred of
emotion since the night we almost killed a man. Good to know.”
“That’s not fair,” Yosuke said. “I have shown emotion.”
“All I’m saying is that you haven’t been advocating for Adachi’s swift death,” Goro said. “I
know I would be, if he killed someone I loved.”
“There are too many other things going on,” Yosuke said immediately. “I mean, Yu’s
probably going to confront the guy on his own, and Nanako’s still in the hospital, and–”
“And we almost killed a man,” Goro interrupted. “Have you spoken to anyone at all about
it?”
“We didn’t kill him, so I don’t really think it’s a big deal,” Yosuke said. He stepped away
from Goro, obviously trying to end the conversation.
“I can’t believe I’m the one who has to say this,” Goro said. He pinched the bridge of his
nose and took a deep breath. “You’re a great friend, but you’re more than what you can do for
Yu.”
Yosuke’s expression was suddenly unreadable. “I never said it was. You’re the one always
bringing him up to me.”
“Because I know you know him the best,” Goro said. “And I never know how to handle
people without fucking things up more.”
“Oh, but now you’ve been blessed with clairvoyance when it comes to my issues, right?”
“No. I just know that we’ve had one hell of a week, and you’re too busy worrying about other
people to try to process it.”

“That’s because I’m fine,” Yosuke said.
“You weren’t fine when we had Kubo arrested, and you’re not fine now,” Goro said. “Talk to
someone about your emotions before you become as emotionally constipated as I am.”
“I don’t understand you,” Yosuke said. “You were shot. Yu’s only family members that count
are both in the hospital. My problems are nothing compared to that.”
“Does it look like that matters to me?” Goro demanded. “You’re going to be stopping Yu
from talking to Adachi, right? Just tell him how you feel. I’m sure he’ll say the same shit I’ve
been saying, and then you can say it right back at him, and then maybe everyone will learn
how to communicate healthily.”
“That would really be something, huh?” Yosuke muttered.
Maybe Shinjiro would even come back to life and congratulate Goro on achieving the
impossible.
Magician Arcana: Rank 8

Yosuke was going to give Yu five minutes. If he didn’t come out of the TV by that time,
Yosuke was going to charge in and give Adachi a piece of his mind.
Two minutes.
What was Yosuke doing, waiting in Junes at night? He should be going into the TV world to
make sure Yu was alright. Yosuke should have followed Yu into the TV as soon as he saw Yu
sneak into Junes. What was Yu doing anyway, trying to confront Adachi on his own?
Three minutes.
Maybe Yu thought he could get through to Adachi. Hell, maybe a part of Yosuke thought Yu
could get through to him. That was why Yosuke was waiting, right? Because he had faith that
his partner would be able to get out of the bind one way or another. With or without Adachi.
Four minutes.
All of this waiting was making Yosuke anxious. Could specters injure people? Adachi hadn’t
shown much hesitation in shooting Goro, but maybe he wouldn’t try to kill Yu? Adachi was
friends with the Dojimas, after all. He wouldn’t kill Dojima-san’s only nephew.
Right, just like he wouldn’t threaten the lives of people Yu cared about. What if Adachi had
been intending to put Nanako and Dojima in the TV all along? He must have had a laughing
fit when both of them fell in. And then he even pretended to help, buying them lunch and
asking to come along–
Yosuke’s stomach tightened.

Five minutes.
No. There was no time for brooding. Yosuke started to walk up to the massive television in
the back of the electronics department, glancing both ways for any sign of customers who
might spot him diving head first in the TV. No one was around, so Yosuke took a deep breath
and–
Ran headfirst into Yu.
“Ow!” Yosuke grabbed his head, stumbling backwards. Yu fell very ungracefully onto the
floor.
“What the heck?” Yu muttered, sitting up and rubbing his head. “Yosuke-kun? What are you
doing here?”
“What do you think?” Yosuke asked. “I knew you were going to talk to Adachi. You weren’t
fooling anyone.”
“Oh.” Yu got to his feet. “Well, you were right. It didn’t work.”
Damn. Why was Yosuke feeling disappointed right now? He had known there was no way
Adachi was going to listen to reason. The guy was straight up evil.
“Well, I told you so– is that blood?”
Yu’s hand immediately flew up to his ear, which had a small amount of blood dripping from
it. “It’s nothing,” he said.
“It’s not nothing,” Yosuke said. “Did he attack you?”
“I was just fighting a low-level shadow on the way and forgot to heal,” Yu said immediately.
“I’m fine.”
“Yeah right,” Yosuke said. “Come with me. I think we have first aid stuff in the back.”
Yosuke put Teddie in charge of closing the store before dragging Yu to the staff room. Yu
stopped resisting by the time Yosuke was dabbing disinfectant on the small wound. It didn’t
look deep enough to actually warrant a hospital visit, not like Goro’s injury had.
“I should have come with you,” Yosuke said. “I can’t believe I decided to wait outside.”
“It’s not your fault,” Yu said. “I didn’t even tell you I was coming.”
“But I knew anyway.” Yosuke sighed and put down his cloth. “Why weren’t you honest with
us?”
Yu took off his glasses. A small portion of his face dimly reflected off their lenses. “I knew
you’d try to stop me.”
“Yeah, because the guy shot you!”

“He didn’t shoot me.”
“Narukami Yu, if you get killed because of your refusal to rely on us, I’m never going to
forgive you.”
Yu stood up. “Look, I appreciate your concern, but there are other people who need it more.”
Is this what Yosuke sounded like to Goro? No wonder he lost his temper.
“This past week has been shit,” Yosuke said bluntly. “I almost killed someone. Goro and now
you got shot. Someone I thought I could trust turned out to be the bad guy all along.”
Yu’s hand hovered over the doorknob. He turned toward Yosuke with a sad expression.
“Yosuke-kun…”
“You were way closer with Adachi than I was,” Yosuke said. “So don’t pretend that you’re
doing fine, or everyone else is going to follow your lead until we all just become as cheerful
as Teddie’s empty bear costume.”
A startled laugh briefly emerged from Yu. “Teddie’s costume?”
“Because it’s always smiling?” Yosuke asked, wondering if his metaphor had worked at all.
“Look, that’s beside the point. Can you please sit down and talk to me about this?”
Yu let his arm drop to his side. Wearing a defeated expression, he sat back down next to
Yosuke.
“I don’t know what you want me to talk about,” Yu said.
“How about how you’re feeling?” Yosuke suggested. “I know that personally I’m feeling
pretty shitty right now.”
“I can’t imagine why,” Yu said sarcastically.
“It just feels like so many things have been happening at once,” Yosuke said. Now that he
had started, he wondered how the hell he had managed to keep it all in for so long. “Sakisenpai dies, and then we have the ability to save people through TVs, and then Nanako’s
taken, and dies, and I almost kill Namatame, and now Adachi was the killer this entire time.”
“I probably would have killed him too,” Yu said suddenly. It was just like him to latch onto
the part that mattered the most.
It also made no damn sense.
“Come again?”
“I wanted to kill him too.”
“But… but you were the one who stopped us from throwing the guy in!” Yosuke said. He
would never forget the way Yu had shouted at everyone to calm down. Yu was typically such

a soft spoken guy that the outburst had genuinely been a bit terrifying.
“That’s because I didn’t think he was the real one responsible,” Yu said. His eyes glistened.
“But believe me, the only thing that is stopping me from eviscerating Adachi when I next see
him is because I know he’s going to jail.”
“The only thing?” Yosuke asked. He didn’t want to disbelieve Yu, but he couldn't hide some
of the doubt in his words.
“What was that tone of voice for?”
“Please don’t take this the wrong way,” Yosuke said quickly. “But you just tried to reason
with the guy.”
“I tried to reason with my friend,” Yu said. “But I guess he was never real to begin with, so I
frankly don’t give a shit about what happens to Adachi now.”
Yu really was a terrible liar. He spoke like a little kid who was trying to convince himself that
his feelings weren’t hurt.
“You’re cooler than I am,” Yosuke said. “I didn’t even know the guy that well, and the idea
of him being dead is… scary. I mean, he seemed so nice.”
“It was just a trick,” Yu said. “I thought for sure… I thought maybe I could appeal to him, or
I don’t know. I knew he wasn’t the same Adachi I knew, but he never sounded like a liar. I
thought maybe he had liked spending time with me.”
“And then he shot you.”
“At least he’s being honest about wanting to get rid of me.”
A pit formed in Yosuke’s stomach. The murder case seemed to be coming to a head, but what
about Yu? He was leaving in March, and it was already December. They only had a few
months left.
“Adachi’s just a worthless criminal who doesn’t know a good thing when he sees it. I don’t
want to get rid of you,” Yosuke said. “And I’m sure the rest of the team feels the same way.
And I know Nanako wants to keep you all to herself.”
Yu smiled even as his eyes began to grow glossy. “Maybe she can adopt me.”
“Dude,” Yosuke said. “She totally already has.”
Yu laughed, and a few tears spilled down his cheeks.
“I’m serious,” Yosuke said. “Why do you think she calls you big bro all the time? She’s
probably got the adoption papers all lined up and ready to go.”
“I’d better tell Dojima-san the news,” Yu said. “I hope he’s prepared.”

Yosuke grinned. “I think we have a few of those balloons in Junes,” he said. “You know, the
‘It’s a boy’ balloons.”
“We probably wouldn't be allowed to bring them into the hospital room,” Yu said reluctantly.
“We can fill the house with them instead,” Yosuke said. “He’ll never see it coming.”
“He will if we tell Teddie about it,” Yu said. “We need to keep this a secret from him at all
costs.”
“I’m sure I can find some way to distract him.” Yosuke started laughing himself. “Can you
imagine Dojima-san’s face, though? If he entered the house after spending months in the
hospital just to see the place covered in balloons?”
Yu and Yosuke broke into violent laughter, barely able to pause to take a breath. It was a good
thing they were in the safety of the staff room, or customers might complain about them
making a disturbance. As it was, both Yu and Yosuke clutched onto their sides, trying not to
pass out from laughter.
At some point, both of them started crying, and not just from the laughter.
“Damn,” Yosuke said. He pressed his palm against one of his eyes. “I thought laughter was
supposed to be medicine for the soul.”
“Guess it wasn’t made for bullet wounds.”
Yosuke burst out laughing again. “That’s not funny,” he said between breaths.
“Can’t blame me for trying.”
Funnily enough, between the laughing and the crying and probably everything in between,
Yosuke felt way better. It didn’t fix things by any means, but some of the tension fester inside
had been lightened.
Hopefully Yu felt the same.

Chapter End Notes

No thoughts, head empty
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 81: December 8–10, 2011
Chapter Summary

Akira is in this chapter :O
so is Tsuyoshi :D

Chapter Notes

tw: emotional manipulation, implied/referenced child abuse

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Akira’s uncle had assured him that he hadn’t messed with Goro’s phone. Akira believed it
wholeheartedly. His uncle had no reason to do such a thing, after all.
It did make things a little confusing though. He wanted to believe that Goro was actually in
the hospital, but who would have messed with his phone? And why?
And that wasn’t to mention what Goro had said about Tsuyoshi. That he had been threatened
by Akira’s uncle on more than one occasion. Akira didn’t want to believe it. Goro had always
been more untrusting of adults than Akira thought was necessary.
But what if it was true? What if Goro had been asking for help, and Akira had been too
stubborn to acknowledge it?
No matter which way Akira looked at it, either his uncle or only friend was lying to him. The
thought made him feel nauseous to the point that he wondered if he was getting sick again.
If only Monster Cat could talk. Maybe then he could tell Akira the answer.
“Is something wrong, kiddo?” Tsuyoshi asked the following morning.
He had been coming by more and more often with the prolonged absence of Akira’s parents.
Akira didn’t mind; it helped a lot with the loneliness that usually came when his parents
weren’t home.
But when there was a small chance that his uncle could be a bad guy, Akira had a harder time
feeling comforted.
“It’s nothing,” Akira said.

“Are you still worried about what Akechi-kun told you?”
Yes. “No,” Akira lied.
“Right,” Tsuyoshi said. “Well, you can always ask him about it. Maybe you can lend him a
helping hand.”
“I don’t think he wants my help,” Akira said. “He wants to help me, even though I don’t need
helping!”
Akira didn’t think he needed helping, anyway.
“That does sound like a pickle,” Tsuyoshi said. “But I’m sure you can get through to him.”
“You don’t know that,” Akira muttered, poking his eggs with his chopsticks glumly.
“Sure I do,” Tsuyoshi said. “You’re a pretty special kid, after all.”
In spite of his anxieties, warmth spread through Akira’s entire body.
Akira walked to school alone. He almost went to the Middle School to talk to Goro after
class, but he thought better of it. He wanted to talk to another party about the situation.
Maybe there was someone else who was threatening Goro.
Akira wasn’t super familiar with most of Goro’s other friends, but he knew one of them
worked at Junes as the mascot. He almost crashed into Akira that one time on his bicycle.
Akira was only ten minutes into his walk from school when a gray haired high-schooler
approached him. Come to think of it, wasn’t he another one of Goro’s friends?
Well, that’s convenient.
“Are you Kurusu-kun?” person-who-might-be-Goro’s-friend asked.
“Yes,” Akira said cautiously. “Can I help you?”
“I’m Narukami Yu,” Narukami said. “I’m a friend of Goro-kun.”
Thought so. But why would one of Goro’s friends seek him out? Unless… “Did Goro send
you to talk to me?”
“I was volunteered,” Narukami said, which wasn’t a complete denial. “He told me about what
happened yesterday.”
“Did he say my uncle was a bad guy?”
“Yes.”
“He’s not,” Akira said stubbornly. He knew he wanted to hear what someone else wanted to
say, but he didn’t want any more biased opinions on his uncle either. Not without proof.
“He’s great. No, amazing. He’s the best uncle I could hope for.”

“I believe you.”
Akira rolled his eyes. “And now you’re not even taking me seriously.”
He gave a shallow bow before he began to walk away furiously. Narukami’s footsteps
frantically kept up with him.
“Wait!” Narukami said. “I do believe you.”
“You can’t believe me and Goro,” Akira said. “How the hell is my uncle supposed to be a bad
guy and the best uncle I could hope for?”
“I believe that he’s the best to you,” Narukami said. “That he treats you well.”
“Good, because it’s true.”
“I really just want to talk about this.”
Akira spun around, having half a mind to cry. Things used to be so simple before Goro came
along. Akira got good grades, and his life was fine. Even when there were murders, even
when his parents were gone for months, at least Akira knew where he stood in the world.
Now he had doubts about his parents, and he had doubts about the uncle he just got back, and
he missed having a friend to hang out and make jokes with.
“No, you just want to turn me against one of the few people in my life who actually cares
about me!” Akira snapped. “Why can’t you leave me alone?”
“I’m just trying to show you the truth,” Narukami insisted. “And find it out for myself.”
Akira took a deep breath. “So, you’ll listen to everything I have to say?”
“Yes.”
“Even if it makes Goro look like a bad guy?”
“I’m sure there’s a logical explanation for everyone’s behavior,” Narukami said. “I just want
to get to the bottom of it.”
It wasn’t a promise by any means, but at least Akira knew that Narukami was going to take
him seriously. He wasn’t going to insist Akira believed everything Narukami believed was
true.
And Akira did want answers.
“Okay,” Akira said. “But can we get out of the fog first? My head hurts.”
“Yeah, sure,” Narukami said.
They ducked into the same coffee shop that Akira and Goro used to drink at. Akira ignored
the way his chest hurt at the memories. Instead, he ordered his coffee and sat down as

normally as possible.
Narukami was quiet as they sat down and were served their coffee. Was Akira meant to start
the conversation? Or did Narukami want to finish his coffee before they got into the
important part?
“Was Goro really in the hospital on Tuesday?” Akira blurted out, sick of the silence. He
didn’t understand why Goro would make something like that up, but he had to be certain.
Narukami’s expression darkened. “Yes.”
“What happened?”
“He didn’t tell you?”
“He said something about confronting the culprit of the murder cases,” Akira said reluctantly.
He hated to admit it, but Goro’s story was so surreal that Akira wasn’t quite sure he believed
him. “And that he was shot.”
Narukami nodded and took a sip of his coffee. “That pretty much sums it up.”
Akira wasn’t sure he was thirsty anymore, but he forced himself to choke down the bitter
taste of his drink. It would be a waste of yen otherwise. “You were there?”
“He recorded it on his phone,” Narukami said. “I heard it in real time.”
“Was he badly hurt?” Akira’s cup trembled in his clenched hands. “Where was he shot?”
Narukami tucked some of his short hair behind his ear. His fingers brushed against a small
bandage Akira hadn’t noticed before. “It just grazed his arm,” he said. “But it bled pretty
badly.”
“Who?”
“I don’t think I can tell you that.”
“You don’t think you can tell me that?” Akira repeated, his voice cracking. “This entire
conversation is about finding out the truth, and you won’t tell me who shot my only friend?”
At least Narukami looked uncomfortable. “You’ll find out eventually. It’s still confidential
right now.”
“Of course,” Akira muttered. He looked down at his drink, and he found that a large amount
of his coffee had sloshed out of his cup and onto the table. Akira immediately put his cup
down and tried to clean the mess with a napkin.
“I’m sorry,” Narukami said. “But that’s not really what I came here to talk to you about
anyway.”

“I know,” Akira said. He placed down his dirty napkin a tad more firmly than necessary.
“Does Goro-kun have any proof that my uncle is some sort of monster?”
“...no,” Narukami admitted. “We have to trust him at his word.”
“Well, there you go.”
Narukami shook his head. “Do you have any proof that he isn’t?”
“That’s not how it works,” Akira snapped. “It’s Goro’s word against my uncle’s. What would
you have me think?”
“Look, I understand how this must feel,” Narukami said. “Earlier this year, I thought my
uncle might turn out to be the best person either.”
“But he wasn’t,” Akira said, guessing by Narukami’s phrasing. “And you have no idea how
this feels.”
“My parents weren’t around a lot in my life either,” Narukami continued. “My uncle and
cousin are basically my only family who actually care about me.”
A part of Akira faltered at those words. Did he feel the same way about his uncle? Sure, he
definitely acted like he cared more than his parents. But his parents cared about Akira too,
right?
Akira knew that Narukami was just trying to empathize, but it still made him angry. Did he
really think he could just assume how Akira felt just because they went through something
similar?
“We’re not the same,” Akira said, less furiously than before. “And even if we were, you don’t
get to know how I feel.”
“Right.” Narukami frowned, but he backed off. “Sorry.”
“But your uncle was a good person in the end, wasn’t he?” Akira asked hopefully, latching
onto the one part of the story that made him feel better. “Why can’t the same be true of my
uncle?”
“It could be,” Narukami said. “But I know it’s not easy, but try to have an open mind.”
“Fine,” Akira said shortly.
“According to Goro, he met your uncle two years ago,” Narukami said.
Akira snorted. He couldn’t help it. “My uncle was in the United States two years ago.”
“That’s not the way Goro tells it.”
“But Goro didn’t recognize my uncle when he first met him this year,” Akira said pointedly.
“Why didn’t he say something?”

“I don’t know all the details, but from what he’s told me, Kurusu-san is kind off…
antagonistic towards Goro. He doesn’t let it show around you, obviously, and I think Goro is
trying to protect you by acting like everything’s fine.”
“My uncle isn’t going to hurt me,” Akira said.
But, come to think of it, Goro had behaved strangely when he first met Akira’s uncle. Akira
didn’t remember it super clearly, but Goro hesitated before getting into the car. He had acted
distant for most of the day too. Akira had assumed it was because of something Akira had
done, or maybe surprise at Tsuyoshi’s sudden appearance.
But maybe it was more than surprise. Could it really have been fear?
“The truth is, I can’t convince you that your uncle is trying to hurt Goro, and probably you in
the process,” Narukami admitted. “But does Goro really have a good reason to lie to you
about this?”
“Maybe he’s trying to manipulate me.”
“Or maybe,” Narukami said. “He’s telling the truth. Have you seen him lie before? If you
know him well enough, it’s pretty easy to notice.”
Narukami was right. Akira would never forget that plastic expression Goro put on when
Tsuyoshi entered the room the day before.
Akira parted ways with Narukami not long after, only feeling more miserable and confused.
“Hey, kid,” Tsuyoshi said when Akira arrived back home. “Something wrong?”
“Um, it’s nothing,” Akira said, admittedly not all that convincingly.
“Mhm.” Akira’s uncle smirked slightly. “Here. I have something that might make you feel
better.”
Akira frowned. “What?”
Tsuyoshi grabbed his keys off the kitchen counter and tossed them at Akira. Akira caught
them and stared at Tsuyoshi with an open-mouthed expression of shock. His uncle seriously
wasn’t about to–
“Going for a drive always made me feel better when I was a kid,” Tsuyoshi said with a wink.
Despite his doubts, Akira couldn’t stop himself from following Tsuyoshi out the door. The
keys jangled together in his hand as he slid into the driver’s seat of Tsuyoshi's car. It was a
good thing his parents weren’t home. They would riot if they knew that Akira was about to
learn how to drive.

That evening, they gathered at Chie’s house to celebrate Yukiko’s birthday. Yu pulled Goro
aside before they cut the cake.
“Did you speak with Akira-kun?” Goro asked.
Yu’s expression was not victorious, but Goro couldn’t call it defeated either. Yu looked
more… uncertain. “He wasn’t very receptive. You don’t exactly have a lot of proof.”
“I can’t blame him,” Goro said. He swallowed down his disappointment the best he could.
“You don’t have to believe me either.”
“You’re joking, right?” Yu demanded. “You have literally nothing to gain from lying to us
about this.”
“You asked Margaret, didn’t you?” Goro asked.
“I asked Margaret,” Yu admitted. “But that wasn’t because I didn’t believe you. I was trying
to get answers. But all she said was that Elizabeth had already told you everything you
needed to know.”
“Ah yes, Elizabeth was full of helpful advice,” Goro said sarcastically. “Something about
loving others being my only chance to stop him. It’s such a shame that people keep betraying
me.”
“Do you think we should tell Kurusu-kun about the other world?” Yu asked. “It might help
him come around.”
“It will also put him in danger,” Goro said. “I’m not knowingly putting another elementary
schooler into harm’s way just to prove a point.”
“But this isn’t about proving a point.” Yu crossed his arms. “This is about helping Kurusu.”
“And will it help?” Goro asked. “Will making Akira fight shadows and risk his life really
help? Will it even convince him that I’m telling the truth?”
“I don’t know,” Yu admitted.
That was the problem, wasn’t it? None of them knew.
Fuuka tried to find information on the real Kurusu Tsuyoshi, who was theoretically still in
America. Unfortunately, she couldn’t find any sign of him. All records of him indicated that
he moved back into Japan around the same time Goro arrived at Inaba.
It wasn’t surprising that Tsuyoshi thought to get rid of his body double. If only he could be
less thorough.
“I do know that his uncle is treating him well,” Yu said. “It’s almost certainly manipulation,
but I don’t think Kurusu’s in any immediate danger.”

It didn’t make Goro feel better in the slightest, actually. And inaction would only play
directly into Tsuyoshi’s hands.
Action would probably play directly into Tsuyoshi’s hands.
“Thanks for trying,” Goro said. “If Tsuyoshi’s trying to isolate Akira, I should let the subject
drop for now. Maybe I can still salvage our relationship enough so that Akira can have a
friend outside of Tsuyoshi’s narrative.”
“That’s not a bad plan,” Yu said kindly.
It wasn’t a particularly great one either.
Star Arcana: Rank 8

It used to be so easy to lie to everyone, to put on a front.
But, come to think of it, Goro wasn’t sure his facade had ever worked on Akira.
Goro found Akira in the middle school library after school. Some things never changed, even
if Akira was clearly furious with him at the moment.
“Akira-kun,” Goro said, trying his hardest to seem as apologetic as possible. “I wanted to
speak with you.”
Akira looked up from his book, wearing an unimpressed expression. “You want to speak with
me yourself this time?”
“I’m sorry for everything I said about your uncle,” Goro said. “I still want to be friends.”
“Narukami-san was right,” Akira said abruptly. He closed his book and stood up. “You really
are a terrible liar.”
Well, this was going nicely.
“I can’t be sorry for telling you the truth,” Goro said, dropping his polite facade. “I am sorry
for hurting you in the process. And I do want to still be friends.”
“Friends don’t try to lie to each other,” Akira said. He ducked behind a bookshelf, but Goro
followed him.
“If you want to see the good in your uncle so badly, fine,” Goro said irritably. “I won’t bring
it up again. But I miss you.”
“If you miss me so much, how come I’ve barely seen you these past few months?” Akira
demanded.
“I told you–”

“Oh, right.” Akira shoved his book in between two others. “My uncle is a manipulative
monster.”
“Do I look like I’m lying when I say that?” Goro demanded. “If I’m really so bad at lying,
wouldn’t you be able to tell?”
“I don’t know!” Akira snapped. Students actually trying to study glared at him, and he
lowered his voice to a whisper. “You can’t… you can’t expect me to believe my uncle’s a
monster just because you said so. I mean, just the other day, he taught me how to drive his
expensive car just to make me feel better. Is that the behavior of a monster?”
What the hell?
“I’m not asking you to believe me,” Goro said, choosing to ignore that problematic detail.
“But I want to be your friend again.”
Akira hesitated, glaring at a set of algebra textbooks. “You don’t sound like you’re lying.”
His voice shook.
“I’m not.”
“You didn’t sound like you’re lying when you talked about my uncle either.”
“I wasn’t.”
Akira turned away. “I want to be your friend again too,” he whispered. “But right now… I
think I need some time to think.”
“Of course.” What else was Goro meant to say? “Take all the time you need.”
Priestess Arcana: Rank 8

They took that afternoon to search for Adachi. As they trekked through the fog filled
hallways and tried to forget how disgusting Adachi’s true self turned out to be, Naoto filled
the silence.
“Goro-kun,” they said. “I would like to speak to Kurusu-san.”
“That sounds foolish,” Goro said. Normally, he would be more upset at Naoto risking
themself to satisfy their curiosity. But, in this case, the fact of the fog consuming Inaba, and
quite possibly the whole word, was a fairly immediate problem. If Tsuyoshi was behind it,
they needed to know. “What makes you think he’ll tell you anything?”
“Nothing,” Naoto admitted. They adjusted their grip on their blaster as they glanced over
their shoulder to make sure no more shadows were approaching from behind. “But I’d like to
find out more about the true nature of the fog and the TV world.”

Goro suddenly missed the blaster that he brought into the metaverse with the phantom
thieves. Akira had bought it for him, and at the time, Goro had to restrain himself from telling
Akira he must have spent a fortune on a limited-edition model that had come out when Akira
was still in diapers.
“Why do you want to talk to him then?” Yosuke asked, inserting himself into the
conversation.
“We have to try, don’t we?” Naoto asked. “Perhaps he wants to lead us to the truth for his
own ends, anyhow. If he isn’t responsible, maybe he will lead us to the one who is.”
“I find this extremely optimistic,” Goro said. “All he’s ever done is make my life harder. I
don’t think he’s going to develop a giving heart in the final act.”
“Then maybe I can find a way for the truth to slip,” Naoto said. “Like I said before, we won’t
know if we do not try. And if the world does come to ruin, I won’t be able to forgive myself
if I didn’t exhaust my every option.”
She made a good point, but Goro was reluctant to admit it.
“You shouldn’t go in alone,” Goro said.
“Says the guy who confronted a guy with a gun alone,” Yosuke said.
“I could come with you,” Goro said loudly, pointedly ignore Yosuke’s comment. “To make
sure that he doesn’t try anything.”
“Thank you for your offer, but I’m hoping that we can avoid any violence,” Naoto said.
“From what I understand, Kurusu-san keeps a positive public image. If I meet with him
outside, there is a limit to how much damage he can do to me without arousing suspicion
from the neighbors.”
Goro rolled his eyes. “No offense, but I don’t have much faith in the neighbor’s observational
abilities.”
A shadow started to attack them, and Naoto and Goro jumped into battle ready positions. It
was a fairly weak shadow compared to the rest of the group, however. Yu stepped forward.
As he summoned a persona to strike the enemy’s weakness, Naoto continued to speak.
“You should be focusing on establishing a good bond with Kurusu-kun anyhow,” she said. “It
would seem disingenuous if you were to help me speak with his uncle after you promised to
give up implicating him.”
The enemy fell over due to Yu’s attack. They rushed it for an all out attack, and the shadow
turned into dust.
“Fine,” Goro said when they were done. “But you should bring someone with you.”
“I can come,” Yu said as Yosuke handed him a water bottle.

“You promised to rest tomorrow,” Yosuke said.
Yu took a large sip of the water with an extremely disgruntled expression. “Fine.”
“Oh, I can come!” Rise said. “Men are usually more willing to talk when I’m in the picture.”
Yu grimaced. Goro felt his hairs go up on end.
“Thank you, Rise-chan, but I can’t ask you to do that,” Naoto said. “You’re more than your
appearance.”
“I know that,” Rise said, scowling. “But that doesn’t mean I can’t take advantage of people’s
stupidity, right?”
“It’s a nice sentiment, but I can’t imagine he’ll be swayed on that end,” Goro said. “And I’m
sure he’s at least somewhat aware of your role as navigator on the team.” Rise looked about
ready to punch Goro in the face, and Goro hastened to continue. “However, I’m sure you can
provide plenty of support in making sure neither of you get killed, which is all I ask.”
“Oh,” Rise said. “Good.”
“Alright, then,” Naoto said. “Rise-chan and I will speak to Kurusu-san tomorrow afternoon
while Goro keeps Akira-kun occupied. Hopefully, he’ll provide us with some sort of clue as
to the source of this fog.”
“Sounds like a plan,” Yu said. “But don’t worry if it doesn’t work out.”
“And please be careful,” Goro said.
“Don’t worry, Goro-kun,” Naoto said. “Your conversation with Adachi taught me a thing or
two about verbally cornering opponents and making it out alive.”
Rise, who was apparently the only reasonable person in this group, looked extremely worried
by that statement. “He’s not going to shoot us, will he?”
“He’s yet to use a gun as far as I’m aware,” Goro said.
“And that noise would be hard to hide from the neighbors,” Yosuke said.

Before they exited the TV world, Teddie pulled Goro aside.
“Goro-kun,” Teddie asked quietly. “Do you think shadows can join biker gangs?”
“Where is this coming from?” Goro asked.
“I know I’m not very good at biking yet,” Teddie admitted. “But I always wanted to join a
biker gang. But now that I know I’m a shadow… maybe people won’t want me to be in their
biker gangs.”

“Teddie-kun,” Goro said, inhaling deeply. “You shouldn't want to be in a biker gang.”
“Because I’m a shadow?”
“No,” Goro said firmly. “Because they’re typically criminals.”
Teddie gasped. “Riding the bike is against the law?” He began to pace in circles. “You’ve
been training me to be a criminal?”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Goro said. “Typically biker gangs are groups of criminals who ride on
motorcycles together.”
“Oh.” Teddie sighed. “I bet shadows are good at being criminals.”
“Most shadows don’t have a fully developed psyche,” Goro said. “They’re just reflections of
humanity’s cognition. They can’t be criminals or law-abiding citizens.”
“I have a fully developed sike–psych–um… My brain is fully developed!” Teddie said,
looking a little more cheerful. “Does that mean I can be a law-abiding citizen?”
“If that’s what you chose,” Goro said.
“But shadows attack people,” Teddie said. “That doesn’t sound very law abiding.”
“Teddie, I don’t care if you’re a shadow, a bear, or a human in disguise,” Goro said. “You
don’t attack people on the regular. You’re not a bad person.”
“Really?”
“You are who you are,” Goro said. “You’re no ordinary shadow, so who gives a shit about
what other shadows do?”
“I never thought about it that way before,” Teddie said. “So I can join a biker gang, then?”
“You can make whatever choices you want,” Goro said. “You’re your own person. But please
don’t join a biker gang.”
“I guess my biking skills aren’t very up to fluff anyway,” Teddie said. “I keep trying to learn
on my own, but I keep crashing.”
“I’m sorry that I wasn’t the best teacher,” Goro said. “Have you tried to get Yosuke to teach
you?”
“He’s not that good at biking himself,” Teddie said. “And you were a really good teacher.”
That last statement was distinctly untrue, but Teddie was looking up at Goro with such hope
in his eyes that Goro knew exactly what he wanted.
“Fine,” Goro sighed. “I’ll stop by your house and try to teach you more.”
“Yay!”

“But only if Yosuke helps,” Goro said. “I don’t trust myself to not accidentally get you
killed.”
“Fine,” Teddie groaned.
Teddie actually had improved significantly on a bike since the last time Goro saw him on
one. Yosuke and Goro helped him practice, and Goro told him the correct mechanism to put
on the breaks, instead of just intentionally crashing when he wanted to stop.
“This is a life changer,” Teddie said.
“Why didn’t you notice he wasn’t using the breaks properly?” Goro demanded.
“He never asked!” Yosuke said defensively. “You already taught him that, so I assumed that
the breaks themselves didn’t work! It happened to me a few times.”
“Right.”
“I thought the breaks were broken too!” Teddie said cheerfully. “But I guess I just forgot
where they were!”
It felt good to see Teddie improve little by little. Goro almost felt like he had actually
accomplished something, even if he knew nothing about teaching people how to ride bikes.
And Teddie’s satisfied smile was a reward in itself.
Aeon Arcana: Rank 8

One of the benefits of living in a small town was the lack of necessity in public
transportation. Naoto and Rise were able to arrive at the Kurusu residence within half an hour
of leaving school. Goro promised to keep Akira occupied that afternoon, which meant that
Naoto had more than enough time to try to get the truth out of Kurusu-san.
“Are you sure you want to be here for this?” Naoto asked Rise. “As confident as I am he
won’t try to kill us in broad daylight, there’s no predicting what he will do.”
Rise nodded. “I might not be a hardboiled detective, but I’ve dealt with my fair share of
unpredictable adults. With you to keep him in line, this should be a cinch.”
Let nobody say that the life of an idol was an easy one. Besides, Goro was right to want
Naoto to have backup. Perhaps he had learned something from his encounter with Adachi
after all.
Good. Naoto never forget the way her heart stopped when she heard the gunshot echo both in
the hospital and the other side of her phone. They had all thought for a moment that Goro
was dead.
But now was not the time to reminisce. Naoto had a job to do.

Naoto took a deep breath and rang the doorbell. Rise and Naoto didn’t exchange a word as
they heard heavy footsteps get louder as they approached the door. They both took a small
step back as the door knob rattled, and the door swung open to reveal Kurusu-san.
It occurred to Naoto in that moment that she had never met Kurusu-san before this very
moment. For someone Goro so obviously feared, he appeared alarmingly ordinary. His black
hair was short and disheveled, and laugh lines around his mouth and eyes indicated that he
was past the prime of his life. He wore a pleasant smile, not an annoyed expression at two
strangers ringing his doorbell.
Then again, Adachi also took up the appearance of an ordinary individual, although his
haphazard treatment toward his immense responsibility was always a sign against him. As far
as Naoto was aware, Kurusu-san looked like an ordinary citizen answering the door.
“Good afternoon,” Rise said. She bowed, and Naoto remembered to follow suit. “We’re
doing a research project on the public’s perception of the fog in Inaba. I hope you don’t mind
the interruption.”
Naoto was a detective, but Rise was an actor. And although they had little hope of being able
to fool Kurusu successfully, Rise was able to emulate an earnest but shy student in a way that
Naoto couldn’t. When they reviewed their cover story ahead of time, Naoto agreed that Rise
should take the lead in introducing the two of them. If Naoto started, she would sound too
much like she planned on interrogating Kursu from the start.
“Not at all,” Kurusu said. “Come to think of it, you two look familiar. Have I seen you on
television before?”
“We get that a lot,” Rise said. “Um, I’m really sorry, but we have a lot of other houses to go
to. Can we get started on our questions?”
“Of course,” Kurusu said. “Fire away.”
Rise stepped back and looked expectantly at Naoto. Naoto cleared her throat and looked
down at the clipboard they brought as a prop for their ruse.
“There are multiple theories regarding the effects of the fog,” Naoto said. “Do you believe it
has any negative effects?”
“I think it’s all in the mind,” Kurusu said. “If you think the fog is going to hurt you, your
health is going to decline, right? And the more these rumors spread or get reported on
television, the more people are mindlessly going to fear the fog. It’s kind of sad, really.”
“That’s a really good point,” Rise said as Naoto wrote Kurusu’s response down. “People will
believe what they see on television without a second thought.”
Kurusu nodded. “It’s a relief to see that today’s youth aren’t as susceptible as us adults can
be. Although, I guess you’re just doing this for school, huh?”

“We got to research the topic of our choice,” Naoto said. “It seemed fitting to choose this,
considering the recent mass panic concerning this fog. Which leads to my next question: do
you have any theories regarding the source of the fog?”
“Well, it’s the weather, isn’t it?” Kurusu asked. “I don’t think there are any chemical plants
infecting the air nearby.”
“We received a few theories that this fog is a conspiracy of some kind,” Naoto lied. “You
don’t buy into such thoughts?”
“No one person can control the weather,” Kurusu said.
“What if it’s some sort of higher power?” Rise asked.
“Higher power?” Kurusu wore an amused expression. “Look, kids, I know what you’re
doing. And I applaud your effort, I do. The whole schoolkid act? Well, I guess it wasn’t really
an act, but I was impressed nonetheless. But I really don’t think you can call that poetryobsessed freak a higher power. She’s closer to a higher nuisance, wouldn’t you agree?”
“Poetry-obsessed…” Rise said, her eyes widening.
“You know about Marie-chan’s past?” Naoto asked, dropping all pretense of ignorance.
“I think you’ll find that I know just about everything,” Kurusu said with a wink. “Now, I’m
sure you two have a lot of houses to get to for your project. Don’t let me keep you.”
Kurusu shut the door in their faces.
“What does Marie have to do with anything?” Rise asked.
Neither of them knew Marie all that well. She was a friend of Yu’s, and she seemed to be
acquainted with Goro. As far as Naoto knew, Marie didn’t know much about her past, and
she was trying to discover the truth.
Naoto would never have predicted that she had something to do with the fog itself.

Chapter End Notes

Another tuesday, another chapter
More art! Go and give it love :D
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 82: December 10–19, 2011
Chapter Summary

Recovery ain't linear

Chapter Notes

tw: ptsd, implied/referenced child abuse, hospitals, references to kidnapping and murder

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Naoto and Rise texted Goro to inform him that they were unscathed by their conversation
with Tsuyoshi. They said they would discuss what they learned when they were next in the
TV world.
Goro released a small breath of relief. He put his phone down on his desk and turned toward
the cat climbing toy in the corner of his room, half expecting to see Monster Cat lying on top
of it lazily.
Monster Cat wasn’t there, of course. He was keeping Akira company. Goro glanced at
Taiyaki, who was swimming happily away in his tank. Did he know that his natural predator
was no longer sharing a room with him?
Perhaps not. Monster Cat had never actually attempted to eat Taiyaki.
“Goro-kun!” Tatsumi called from the living room. “Could you help me with these packages
please?”
Please. As if Goro had any choice in the matter.
Goro left his bedroom and went to the front door of the house, where multiple large
cardboard boxes sat. Tatsumi was already lugging one of them to the storage closet, and Goro
put two in a stack and picked it up. When he reached the supply closet, he dropped them
rather unceremoniously. The boxes landed with a loud thump, but the cardboard didn’t even
crumple slightly at the misuse.
“Please be more careful with them,” Tatsumi said. “I know their contents aren’t exactly
fragile, but I’d prefer they not spill.”
“I’m sorry, Tatsumi-san,” Goro said, feeling suddenly furious. “Maybe you should have
thought twice before asking me to help you.”

What was Goro saying? Why did he feel so angry all of a sudden? Tatsumi had done nothing
wrong, but now all he wanted to do was say every negative thought that he had bottled inside.
Tatsumi looked about as surprised as Goro felt. “Now, there’s no need to use that tone,” she
said. “And you didn’t do any harm. But if your arm is hurting, you can take a rest. I didn’t
mean to push you after your injury.”
“That tone, any harm?” Goro demanded. “I am so sick and tired of you people lying to me.”
“I don’t know what you mean.”
“You would think,” Goro said, raising his voice even more. “That after so many times, I
might start learning my lesson. Adults never have my best interests at heart. So can you
please stop acting like you give a shit about my feelings and start saying what you really
feel?”
“Goro-kun,” Tatsumi said firmly. “I understand that adults have hurt you, but I assure you–”
Goro was going to get murdered for this, but he had already crossed the line three sentences
ago.
“You don’t understand anything!” His throat felt raw as his voice cracked. “People keep
acting like they care about me, and I keep falling for it even when I know I shouldn’t! I know
what you really think about me. I’m just some smart-mouthed little shit, right?! So why don’t
you just come out and say it?”
“If you want me to be honest with you, then I cannot say such a thing,” Tatsumi said. “You’re
a very polite young man most days.”
“Oh, give me a break.” Goro took multiple steps away from Tatsumi. Why wasn’t she getting
angry yet?
“I think some sleep might help,” Tatsumi said. “Or food. Have you eaten today?”
“I don’t want your pity,” Goro said. He turned away and leaned against the doorframe to stay
steady. Why wasn’t Tatsumi angry? Goro had just screamed in her face, and she was asking
about how much Goro had eaten? What was wrong with her? “I want you to stop lying to
me.”
“Allow me to be blunt, then,” Tatsumi said, her voice hardening.
Something in Goro’s chest loosened. Finally, he could know her intentions without reading
into her every move.
“I think the adults who hurt you were vile human beings who deserve to rot for what they
did,” Tatsumi said with such uncharacteristic vindictiveness that a chill shuddered through
Goro’s body. “I hope Adachi gets the death sentence for abusing his power to shoot a child,
and I want nothing more than to help you to feel safe in my home. I don’t know if any of
those things are possible, but that is what I truly think, Goro-kun.”

Goro’s mouth was dry. Tatsumi wasn’t supposed to say that. Why did Tatsumi have to be so
unpredictable? Goro logically understood he was safe, but every instinct inside him screamed
as if on fire. He had been arguably less on edge when he had woken up inside of his foster
home almost three years ago.
“I’m not your charity case, Tatsumi-san,” Goro said. He swallowed as he pushed himself off
of the doorframe. He could stand without support.
“No,” Tatsumi said. “You’re a child who needs a safe place to stay.”
But Goro wasn’t a child. Not really. How would Tatsumi feel about Goro if she knew who
Goro truly was? Would she be so forgiving? Goro was just like the vile people who hurt him,
once upon a time. He abused his power to shoot a child, albeit one his own age. How many
people had he orphaned and sentenced to the foster system?
Goro thought he had come to terms with his past. He had long since accepted that there was
no way he could legally feel the consequences for his actions.
But it was one thing for people who knew the truth of his past to choose to let him live his
new life to the fullest. It was harder when it came to people like Tatsumi and Emiko. People
who would never know the truth. People Goro would essentially be forced to lie to for the
rest of his life.
How the hell was he meant to grapple with that?
“I’m not…” Goro could barely breathe. “I’m not who you think I am. I’m not a good
person.”
“Nobody’s good,” Tatsumi said. “And nobody is evil. We are all just people who make
choices.”
“And if I made evil choices in the past?” Goro asked quietly.
“Did you make it right?”
No. Goro never did anything to make it right. “The negative effects of my choices are gone–”
The outward ones, at least. “--I’m trying to stop it from happening again.”
“Then I think you should forgive yourself,” Tatsumi said. “We all make mistakes.”
A mistake was thinking he could ever manipulate Shido. Killing all those people hadn’t been
a mere mistake. Goro knew what he had been doing.
But Goro couldn’t explain that. To explain the people he’s killed would be to explain the time
travel, and to explain the time travel would be to explain the metaverse, and to explain that
further would risk more adults finding out about its power, and that could lead to thousands
of corrupt individuals using the metaverse for their own ends.
Goro would never be able to forgive himself. But he couldn’t continue to seek other’s
forgiveness either. Not when they didn’t know there was anything to forgive.

Tatsumi was still waiting patiently for Goro’s response. Goro bit his tongue to stop himself
from screaming. A faint metallic taste of blood filled his mouth.
“I’m sorry, Tatsumi-san,” Goro said. “I need some fresh air.”
Hierophant Arcana: Rank 9

The next day was a Sunday, and Goro had half a mind to sleep in and try to forget how
emotionally draining the day before had been. They were making excellent progress into
Adachi’s dungeon, and Yu agreed that they could take another day off to fully prepare both
mentally and physically.
Goro did not have the luxury of extra sleep, unfortunately, because he was awoken with the
sound of the doorbell ringing. The piercing tone was promptly followed by Tatsumi calling
him.
Goro stood from his futon and quickly put on some clothes. He went to the front room to find
Tatsumi surrounded by the entirety of SEES.
“Surprise!” Ryoji said, grinning.
“What are you guys doing here?” Goro asked, wondering if he was still in a dream.
“Don’t ask stupid questions,” Akihiko said. “You were literally shot earlier this week. Did
you really think we were going to let it rest with a single phone call?”
“I was kind of hoping that, yes,” Goro admitted.
“School’s been a bitch recently,” Ken said. “But we all agreed to come down here on our day
off.” He glanced at Tatsumi with a guilty smile. “Sorry, ma’am.”
“I still can’t believe you almost didn’t invite me,” Emiko said. She turned her glare to Goro.
“And that you didn’t tell me you were in the hospital!”
“I assumed Ken told you,” Goro lied.
“You did not!” Emiko crossed her arms. “Why do you guys keep hiding this sort of stuff from
me?”
“They didn’t want to worry you,” Minato said.
“Well, it’s too late for that,” Emiko said.
“It is always better for friends to be honest with each other,” Aigis said. “It helps for healthy
communication and an understanding of each other’s boundaries.”
“Aigis is studying to become a therapist,” Junpei said. “She keeps spouting out this stuff all
the time now.”

“We should go outside,” Goro said, feeling suddenly claustrophobic with everyone crowding
around the small front room. It had nothing to do with his fear that Aigis was going to start
psychoanalyzing him in front of Tatsumi.
“Have fun!” Tatsumi called out after them.
Goro wasn’t sure if he had noticed this before, but both Aigis and Ryoji’s eyes glowed faintly
through the thick fog. When they stepped further away from Goro, it left him with the vague
impression there were two pairs of floating blue irises.
“Ugh, I hate going out in this pea soup,” Ryoji said as they started walking down the
shopping district.
Koromaru barked. Presumably in agreement.
“It’s kind of spooky,” Yukari said. “It reminds me of the special effects that they’re trying to
do in one of the episodes we’re shooting.”
“Are you sure you don’t need help?” Mitsuru asked Goro. She lowered her voice so that
Emiko wouldn’t hear. “Narukami told me about the connection between the fog and the
metaverse.”
Goro shook his head. “We don’t have time to deal with ten shadows,” he said. “We’re
powerful enough to handle this.”
Mitsuru looked like she wanted to argue, but she kept her mouth shut. She must have realized
that Goro was right.
“I still can’t believe you’re on TV now, Yukari-chan,” Fuuka said. “Do you get recognized a
lot?”
“Sometimes,” Yukari admitted. “But only by the occasional little kid.”
“Speaking of little kids,” Ken said. There wasn’t a shred of bitterness in his voice when he
asked, “How’s Nanako-chan doing? You haven’t given us an update on her in a while.”
“No news is good news, right?” Junpei asked hopefully.
“She’s improving,” Goro said. “I think. Her heart stopped earlier this month, but she was
resuscitated.”
Dead silence fell among the group. Due to the fog, the shopping district was mostly empty,
but Goro could hear a stray shopper talking on the phone in the distance.
“Her heart stopped?” Emiko asked in a hushed voice. “She died?”
“She was resuscitated,” Goro repeated, raising his voice slightly. “But she’s starting to
recover.”

Recover was a very strong term, but she no longer seemed to be on the verge of death, at
least, which was a small mercy.
“Oh my god,” Ryoji muttered.
Goro swallowed. “Speaking of Nanako-chan,” he said. “I may have promised her that she
would get to meet Yukari. So, maybe, while you’re here, Yukari-chan…”
“Oh, of course,” Yukari said. “I didn’t bring my costume, though.”
“I’m sure she won’t mind,” Goro said.
“You two should probably go alone,” Minato said. “A lot of strangers in a hospital room is
really overwhelming.”
“We can check out the beef bowl restaurant in the meantime,” Akihiko said. “Assuming we
can find it.”
“I will lead the way,” Aigis said.

“She might not be awake,” Goro said quietly as they walked down the hospital hall to
Nanako’s room.
“That’s alright,” Yukari said. She squeezed her hands together. “Are you sure she won’t mind
that I’m not in my Pink Argus costume? I’m sure I can get it if you give me a few days.”
“She loves your character,” Goro said. “I’m sure she’ll recognize your face.”
“Alright.” Yukari exhaled. “I’ve got this.”
Goro slid the door to the hospital room open. Yu and Dojima were already sitting inside.
Nanako must have been awake, because Yu was speaking to her about something he was
doing with Naoto.
“There was this fake knife, and…” Yu trailed off upon Goro and Yukari’s arrival.
“Is this a bad time?” Yukari asked.
“It’s just her father and cousin,” Goro said, but even he felt a bit of doubt. “I’m sorry for
interrupting. My friend wanted to visit Nanako-chan.”
“Your friend?” Dojima asked.
Yukari stepped further into the room and bowed. “I’m Takeba Yukari,” she said. “I, um…”
“Pink Argus?” Nanako gasped. With what little strength she had, she sat up and stared at
Yukari with wide eyes. “You were telling the truth, Goro-san?”
“Please save your strength,” Yu said immediately. “She can come to you.”

Nanako didn’t take her eyes off of Yukari as she lowered her head back onto her pillow.
Yukari crossed the room to stand beside Nanako’s hospital bed.
“Hello, Nanako-chan,” Yukari said. She clasped her hands behind her back, a sure sign that
she was nervous. Nevertheless, she continued speaking, “Goro-kun has told me a lot about
you.”
“He told me that… that you were good at archery.” Nanako beamed, even though she looked
exhausted. “Can you teach me?”
“Oh, um, how about this?” Yukari asked. “When you get all better, I’ll come back and teach
you how to shoot a bow and arrow. If that’s alright with you, Dojima-san.”
“Please, Dad?” Nanako begged. “I want to be strong… like Pink Argus.”
“Well…” Dojima’s doubtful expression almost immediately crumbled under Nanako’s
pleading gaze. “As long as it’s safe.”
“It’s very safe,” Yukari promised.
“I’m going to work really hard to get better,” Nanako said. “I want to protect people… just
like Pink Argus.”
“I’m sure you already do,” Yukari said.
Nanako shook her head. “Big Bro and Dad… had to save me,” she said. “I didn’t do
anything.”
“That’s not true,” Yukari said immediately. “You were brave, right? You didn’t give up.
Sometimes, being brave is the best thing we can do, because it will give everyone else a
reason to be brave too.”
Did Yukari realize she was quoting a character from her own show? Even if she was doing it
partly out of nerves, a part of her must have realized that, right?
“That’s what Blue Swan said,” Nanako said, her mouth open in quiet awe. “But I don’t feel
very brave.”
“You’re being brave right now.” Yukari took Nanako’s hand. “Doing anything that’s scary is
brave.”
“Oh.” Nanako frowned, but she put on a small smile again. “You’re not scary, Takeba-san.”
Yukari let out a startled laugh. “I’m glad to hear it.”
Nanako proceeded to launch into a million questions on what it was like to be Pink Argus.
She was smart enough to fully acknowledge that Yukari wasn’t actually the character from
the show. She asked an alarming number of questions on how the show was made, even
though a part of her clearly hoped that some of it was real.

Nanako fell asleep half-way through asking yet another question about one of the actors.
“It’s hard to believe that we were her age when our lives went wrong,” Yukari muttered as
they left the hospital. “I mean, you were being born at the time, I guess. But Mitsuru, Minato,
and I were all around seven when the Dark Hour happened.”
“Let’s just hope we can clean up this mess before ten years have passed,” Goro said.
“Well, I know I can’t help directly, but I have faith in you,” Yukari said with a small smile.
“You’re pretty good at stopping the impossible, right?”
“I have a feeling persona users in general have that trait,” Goro said. “Don’t give me all the
credit.”
Yukari laughed. “Okay, I won’t.”

The next day, in the entrance of the TV world, Naoto and Rise relayed what little information
Tsuyoshi let drop.
Yu and Goro glanced at each other. The others didn’t realize this, of course, but Marie’s status
as a member of the Velvet Room became far more significant with the knowledge that she
might be the source of the fog.
“But what would Marie-chan have to do with all of this?” Yukiko asked.
“I’m confused,” Goro said. “Do you all know Marie-chan well?”
“Well, we’ve hung out with her when we see her with Yu-kun,” Chie said, putting her hands
on her hips thoughtfully.
“Yu, Goro,” Naoto said commandingly. “Judging from your expressions, you two know more
than the rest of us do on the matter. Care to let us in on the secret?”
“You’re not dating her, are you?” Yosuke asked.
“N-no, I’m not dating her,” Yu sputtered. “I just don’t think you guys are going to believe me
if I tell you the truth.”
“You’re related,” Kanji guessed.
Teddie raised his hand with a small jump. “Is she a shadow?!”
“She’s a Velvet Room attendant,” Goro said, sick of the guessing game. If the group didn’t
believe them, that was their issue. Both Goro and Yu could be each other’s testimonies on the
matter, and they could drag Minato into the mix if absolutely necessary.
“What the heck is the Velvet Room?” Kanji asked.

“It’s a place where wildcards go,” Yu said. “To make new personas. There are attendants
there who help us make our personas more powerful.”
“Where is it?” Naoto asked. “I don’t recall seeing you ever enter a specific room to create
new personas.”
“It’s in between dream and reality, mind over matter,” Goro said, rushing through the words.
He had never forgotten Igor’s vague description of where the Velvet Room was actually
located. “There’s a door in the entrance area of the TV world and the central shopping
district, but only wildcards can see it.”
“Oh,” Yukiko said. “That’s kind of hard to believe.”
“I think I’ve been there before,” Teddie said. “I can’t remember it very well, though.”
“Marie comes from that place,” Yu said. “Or, I always assumed that she was like the other
attendants.”
“But she’s not really like the other attendants at all, come to think of it,” Goro said. “The
other attendants all have golden hair and eyes.”
“Maybe Marie dyed her hair?” Teddie asked helplessly.
“And her eyes just happen to be blue?” Kanji asked. “Does she put in contacts or
something?”
“There’s no way Margaret wouldn’t have called her out for doing that,” Yu said.
“So, Marie-chan is some sort of otherworldly being, and she might be the source of the fog,”
Yosuke said. “Fantastic. You don’t think she’ll answer you straight out if you ask, do you?”
“I can try…” Yu said. “But she doesn’t remember anything.”
“Unless, of course, that was all an act to convince you to not suspect her,” Goro said
flippantly.
“I thought you were friends with her too,” Yu said.
“It’s just a possibility.” Goro wouldn’t exactly call himself friends with Marie anyway.
Friendly acquaintances was a far better way to put it. “At any rate, there’s no harm in
asking.”
“There’s a Velvet Room door here, right?” Chie looked around the room, squinting. “I really
don’t see anything.”
“I’ll talk to her later today,” Yu said. “Let’s focus on getting to Adachi for now.”
“It is possible that our foe is in the same place Adachi is,” Naoto said. “Since he knows about
the plan. It’s not a fantastic possibility, but it’s something.”

They had eighteen days until the world would theoretically end. Goro marveled at how
totally unconcerned he felt. Without Ryoji insisting there was no way to defeat this evil, and
with the group not wallowing in their own misery, Goro felt like they were certain to prevent
the fog from fully concealing Inaba.
Goro just hoped his confidence wasn’t unfounded.

That evening, Yu took Marie out to ask her about the fog. At Yu’s request, Goro and Yosuke
stopped by the hospital to pay Nanako a visit. Dojima-san was already forced to stay in
bedrest in his own room at that point in the evening, so Goro and Yosuke were alone as they
sat down in the empty chairs beside Nanako’s bed.
For a moment, Goro thought Nanako was asleep, but she opened her eyes almost as soon as
Goro settled into his seat.
“Hello, Goro-san, Yosuke-san,” she said. She smiled at Goro. “Thank you for bringing your
friend yesterday.”
“You’re very welcome,” Goro said.
“How are you feeling?” Yosuke asked.
“Better!” Nanako said immediately. “Soon, I’ll be able to leave the hospital and learn how to
shoot the bow and arrow.”
Goro appreciated Nanako’s enthusiasm, but he wasn’t quite sold on the idea that she would
be able to leave soon. Some color was returning to her cheeks, but she was far from her
typical, healthy self.
“I’m glad to hear it,” Goro said.
“And I can use it to help catch bad guys with… with my Dad.” Nanako yawned, and Goro
decided he wasn’t going to be the one to explain to Nanako that she couldn’t help her father
arrest people.
“I bet you’ll do a great job,” Yosuke said with an approving wink.
Nanako giggled before yawning again and sinking deeper into her pillow. When she spoke,
her voice was quiet and tentative. “Um, can I ask a question?”
“Sure,” Yosuke said just as Goro said, “Of course.”
“Well, um, Adachi-san hasn’t come to see me recently,” Nanako said. “He used to come a lot,
but he doesn’t anymore... Big Bro told me not to worry, but he looked really sad.”
Yosuke and Goro glanced at each other. What the hell were they meant to say to that?
“And now you’re sad,” Nanako said. “I’m sorry.”

“No, don’t be sorry, Nanako-chan!” Yosuke said immediately. “It’s not your fault. It’s just…
well…”
“Did he die?”
Such a blunt question from Nanako was startling, but she always was smarter than they gave
her credit for.
“He’s not dead,” Goro said.
“Oh.” Nanako’s expression visibly relaxed. “Is he sick, then? Why does he make everyone so
sad?”
“I don’t know, maybe we should leave this to Dojima-san,” Yosuke said anxiously.
Maybe Goro should have agreed with him. But Goro had just spent his entire afternoon
listening to Adachi obnoxiously taunt them as he manipulated the very environment around
them. He didn’t deserve to have Nanako worried about him.
“She has to learn the truth eventually,” Goro said. He turned toward Nanako and tried to wear
the gentlest expression possible. Knowing him, he had no idea how well he was pulling it off.
“I’m sorry to inform you that Adachi turned out to be not the nicest person.”
“Oh.” Nanako’s expression fell. “He’s a bad guy?”
“I really think we should leave this to Dojima-san,” Yosuke hissed into Goro’s ear.
Goro ignored him. “He is.”
“What did he do?” Nanako asked. “Did he hurt someone?”
Goro opened his mouth before shutting it again. How was he meant to explain to Nanako that
Adachi was indirectly responsible for her nearly dying? How was he meant to explain that
Adachi was a cold blooded killer?
Yosuke was right. They should have left it to Dojima. Hopefully, Dojima wouldn’t kill him
for choosing to take matters into his own hands.
“I’m afraid you’re going to have to ask your dad that,” Yosuke said. He jumped to his feet.
“Why don’t I get him now?”
Tears were already filling Nanako’s eyes as she nodded.
Dojima was definitely going to kill him.
Sun Arcana: Rank 8

Nanako was too intelligent to be satisfied with answers such as “he hurt a lot of people” and
“he wasn’t a good person”. By the time Dojima was done trying to give her the vaguest
version of events possible, she had guessed nearly the entire truth.
Goro and Yosuke sat outside the hospital room in shame, but they could still hear Nanako’s
desperate protests from the other side of the door.
“But he helped me with my homework!” Nanako sobbed. “I don’t understand!”
It took approximately half an hour before Nanako stopped. Goro and Yosuke hadn’t
exchanged a word the entire time. They stood perfectly still on the bench, waiting for Dojima
to come outside.
The hospital door slid open. Goro held his breath.
“Is she okay?” Yosuke asked weakly.
“She’s asleep,” Dojima said. His voice was curt, and Goro clung tightly to the edge of his
seat. “Now, care to tell me which one of you decided to tell Nanako about Adachi without my
permission?”
Goro stood up and bowed. “I’m terribly sorry, Dojima-san. I’m afraid I was the one who told
her.”
“No, it’s not Goro’s fault,” Yosuke said immediately, even though it definitely was. “She
asked first. Goro just wanted to tell the truth.”
“She deserves to know the truth,” Goro said irritably. “But it wasn’t my decision to make,
and we all know it.”
“I let him do it,” Yosuke said.
“You were actively trying to stop me,” Goro said. “Dojima-san, I take full responsibility for
what happened.”
Dojima scowled at the both of them. “Hanamura-kun, it didn’t occur to you to get me as soon
as Goro started explaining?”
“Well, um, I didn’t really want to get Goro-kun in trouble,” Yosuke admitted. “You’re kind of
scary when you’re upset.”
“And Akechi-kun, you really think I wouldn’t have listened to reason?” Dojima said. “You
could have come to me and advised me to tell the truth.”
“Would you have listened?” Goro asked.
Dojima grimaced and took a deep breath. “Look, we’re in a hospital, so I’m not going to
make a scene. In the future, come to me when Nanako asks those sorts of questions. What’s
done is done.”

“Do you think she’s going to be okay?” Yosuke asked quietly.
Dojima turned around and massaged his eyes. “I don’t know.”

“I think my parents are coming back to town in a few weeks,” Akira said. “You’re going to
have to take Monster Cat back.”
“That’s fine,” Goro said. “I still have the supplies. And I think Kanji-kun misses him.”
“Oh.” Akira raised his eyebrows. “I thought you wanted to get rid of him.”
When did Goro give the impression that he wanted to get rid of Monster Cat? Sure, Goro was
dubious of Akira adopting the thing initially, but that was months ago. “Where did you get
that idea?”
“You were pretty eager to shove him on me during our fight,” Akira said. “I thought you
didn’t want him.”
“Oh, no, that wasn’t it,” Goro said. “I just thought you could use the company–”
“Woo-hoo, Goro-kun!”
Teddie’s voice came seemingly out of nowhere. Both Akira and Goro both tensed as a light
from within the thick fog began to grow brighter and brighter. It became suddenly apparent
that the bright light was attached to a flashlight, which was haphazardly duct taped to one of
its handlebars. Teddie was riding the bike, swaying back and forth, but miraculously not
crashing. He skid to a stop in front of Goro and Akira, barely avoiding crashing into them
both.
“Are you trying to kill us?” Goro asked as Teddie caught his breath.
“Why is there a flashlight on your bike?” Akira asked.
“I am happy to inform you that I am not trying to kill you, unlike a beary annoying
detective,” Teddie said.
Akira’s brows furrowed. “What–”
“And the flashlight is for seeing, of course!” Teddie said. “Even my very impressive eyes
aren’t enough to see through all this fog.”
“I think it’s more accurate to say it’s a warning light for anyone who might be in your line of
destruction,” Goro said.
Teddie laughed.
“You’re a lot better than you were last time,” Akira said. “That time, you really did crash.”

“Exactly!” Teddie said. “See, Goro-kun? I’m getting better.”
“I never said you weren’t,” Goro said. “But better doesn’t mean good.”
“Don’t listen to him,” Akira said. “He’s a sourpuss.”
“I’m so glad to hear you say that, Akira-kun,” Teddie said. “Would you like to join my biker
gang?”
Even Akira looked taken aback by this information. “Your what?”
“My biker gang,” Teddie said with utmost confidence. “Goro-kun told me that biker gangs
did illegal activity, so my biker gang is going to plant flowers in public places. I’m pretty sure
that’s illegal.”
“Oh, is that all?” Akira asked. The corners of his mouth perked up, and he looked to be
fighting the urge not to laugh. “I have some seeds you can use if you want.”
“Really?!” Teddie asked. “That would be great! I was worried I’d have to force Yosuke to
pay for them for me.”
“This must be the most dastardly biker gang I’ve ever seen,” Goro said dryly.
“Oh, I don’t have a bike, though,” Akira said.
“That’s okay,” Teddie said. “You can get one later.”
They had agreed to go into the TV world an hour after school, which gave Teddie and Goro a
little more than a half hour to take flower seeds from Akira and quickly plant them.
They quickly stopped by Akira’s house, which was fortunately absent of Tsuyoshi. Goro
scritched Monster Cat behind the ears in greeting as Akira got the seeds from his room.
Monster Cat purred.
“Did you ever give the cat a name?” Teddie asked.
“What are you talking about?” Akira asked, coming out of his bedroom with a plastic bag full
of seeds. “Monster Cat is his name.”

They planted the flowers on top of the hill overlooking town.
“I think they’ll look nice there,” Teddie said confidently.
“I’m sure they will,” Goro said. “But I’m afraid we have plans that are meant to happen in
five minutes, and we’re not even close to where we need to be.”
“Where are you going?” Akira asked.

“We’re helping Yosuke-kun at Junes!” Teddie said without missing a beat. “We promised to
be there at four o’clock.”
Akira bought the excuse easily enough, but Goro thought he spotted a faint glimmer of
suspicion in his eyes.
“That was fun,” Teddie said as he got on his bike.
“It would have been more fun if you hadn’t gotten dirt all over my uniform.”
“Hmm,” Teddie said thoughtfully. “Maybe I should get some dirt to throw on Adachi-baby
when we finally meet him face to face.”
He didn’t wait for Goro to respond, instead rocketing toward Junes on his bike. Goro waited
to hear angry pedestrians, but he was greeted with peaceful silence. Teddie’s biking skills
really had improved.
Aeon Arcana: Rank 9

Chapter End Notes

Technically its time for a social link update but I have a cold and am tired so y'all can
get an update another day.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 83: December 20–22, 2011
Chapter Summary

Rip Marie

Chapter Notes

tw: misogyny, implied/referenced child abuse, implied/referenced murders &
kidnapping, violence, corruption

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Marie was missing.
When Goro arrived at the Velvet Room the following day, she was nowhere in sight. Neither
was Margaret.
“Where’s Marie?” Goro asked.
“She’s missing,” Theo said without a brush of hesitation. “Margaret is looking for her.”
“She’s missing?” Goro asked, alarmed. “Since when?”
“Since a few hours ago, I believe,” Theodore said. “Yu-kun said something that upset her
greatly, and she hasn’t been herself since. She’s barely said a word these past few days.”
Had Tsuyoshi been right after all? Why hadn’t Marie just come to them about it?
“Does Yu know?” Goro asked.
“I believe Margaret plans on telling him,” Theodore said. “I’m very sorry, but that’s all I
know. Do you need any other assistance?”
Goro had planned on using Marie to help him with his skill cards, but Theodore was
proficient enough with them. Goro had a few support skills added to his personas and left the
Velvet Room. He then told everyone else the news.
“Marie-chan’s missing?” Chie asked. “But why?”
“Could she really have something to do with the fog?” Naoto asked.

“Margaret’s looking for her,” Goro told Yu, since nobody else was likely to know who he was
talking about. “I think for now we should focus on finding Adachi.”
Yu frowned but nodded. “You’re right,” he said. “She’s probably in some metaphysical place
we can’t get to anyway. But let’s keep an eye out, just in case.”

After days of mind games, hearing Adachi’s voice taunt them mercilessly, and fighting
shadows, they finally reached Adachi’s physical form.
And he looked entirely unconcerned at their presence.
“Wow,” Adachi said, smiling. “I’m surprised you made it this far.”
“Enough with the games, Adachi,” Yu said. “Just come with us quietly, and we won’t have to
hurt you.”
Adachi laughed derisively. “Are you kidding me? You still think you can reason with me?”
“He, unlike you, doesn’t take joy from hurting people!” Yosuke shouted.
“Oh, come on,” Adachi said. “It’s like I said before. I’m not hurting anyone. It’s this world
that actually hurts them, right? And I know Yu-kun enjoys playing the hero.”
“That’s not the point!” Rise said. “You put people in there knowing they could die! How can
you continue to justify that?”
“You guys are so self-righteous,” Adachi said, still smiling.
Chie was already in her fighting stance. “How can you say that?!” Her voice cracked. “Aren’t
you a police officer!? Out of everything you could have been, didn’t you specifically choose
to join the police?”
Almost everyone in the group became visibly uncomfortable with that question. Teddie was
the only one who looked as confused as Chie was.
“Don’t make me laugh,” Adachi said. To his credit, he was scowling. “Just because someone
joins the police doesn’t make them some kinda ‘agent of justice’ you dumbasses seem to
have deluded yourselves into thinking you are. Y’know why I applied? So I could legally
carry a gun… That’s all. You’d be surprised how many are like that.
“I thought it would be fun, too, but to tell the truth, that was a wash. Everyone around me
was such an idiot… I made one tiny mistake, and they all got on my case and sent me out
here to Nowheresville as punishment–”
“Knowing you, you deserved worse,” Goro said.
“Bold words,” Adachi said. “You don’t even know what I did.”

Goro glowered. “I can guess.”
Adachi glowered. “You people are so sensitive. Do you really think the higher ups were
appealing to their conscience when they sent me to this shithole? They just cared about their
reputation.”
Adachi’s scowl melted into a thoughtful smile. “But I guess it was thanks to them that I got
this power to begin with. I wonder what would happen if I stuck them in the TV?”
Yosuke grimaced. “Oh, for the love of god, why a bastard like you?!”
“A gift for having to put up with this lame job, I guess,” Adachi said. “Or maybe it has
something to do with our goals lining up? I don’t know. Does it really matter?”
“Do you really care so little about what happens to our world?” Yukiko asked. “Won’t you be
turned into a shadow too?”
“So what?” Adachi put his hands into his pockets and shrugged. “Let’s be honest. There’s
nothing great about the real world, is there? It’s just dull and annoying as hell.”
“That’s not true–” Yu said, but Adachi talked over him.
“No one accepts that's the way things are...They're just stuck with it because they can't deny
it, either. Those who actually succeed in life...They just happen to be born with the magic
ticket called ‘talent.’ If you don't have it, you can either accept or deny that fact until you die.
That's your only choice. Once you realize that, all you have left in life is despair. The ultimate
game over.”
“Haven’t you learned anything from the midnight channel?” Goro asked. “Success doesn’t
make anyone happy.” Even if it did make their lives much easier.
“Oh, that’s another thing I hate.” Contempt oozed from Adachi’s voice, and he stared directly
at Rise. “Rich bitches like you who don’t recognize a good thing when you see it. You have
everyone at your fingertips, flaunt your bodies so much that you’re practically begging for
someone to bang you, and then get all whiny when any guy looks your way. It makes me
sick.”
“Say another word, and I’ll end you,” Yukiko said icily.
“And I suppose that you’re the one I should be falling head over heels for, is that right?!”
Rise shouted, tears springing to her eyes. “Just shut up you fucking pervert!”
“Why should I?” Adachi demanded. “You’re just a bunch of naive brats who refuse to see the
world as it really is.”
“Are we the naive ones?” Naoto asked. “Or is it you who insists on viewing the world in your
bleak narrative?”
“Look,” Adachi said. “Think about it for a second. Once everyone turns into
Shadows...they'll still keep on living, oblivious to all the things around them...So how's that

different from the way it is now? No, this'll make things much easier for everyone.”
“Easier?” Yosuke demanded. “How would that make things easier?”
“C'mon! How many people out there actually think about what's real, or what's right and
wrong? Next to none, I bet. It's useless to think about those things in the first place. You don't
get anything out of facing reality, and there's no way to change it either. I mean, what could
be more boring than brooding over things you can't change?”
“Then stop brooding and actually do something about it,” Yu said.
“Oh, like you’re one to talk,” Adachi said. “All I’ve seen you do is mope about the year
almost ending. Have you actually tried to get out of your parent’s custody?”
“At least he’s making the most of this year instead of complaining all the time!” Kanji
shouted.
“Could you guys stop yelling?” Adachi sighed. “I know you’re all scared and are trying to act
tough to cover it up, but geez. Are you even listening to what I’m trying to say?”
“Nobody wants to become shadows!” Chie shouted with extra vigor. Her voice rattled against
Goro’s eardrums, but it was worth it in the name of giving Adachi a headache.
“Geez. Don’t you remember what it was like when your shadow came out?” Adachi asked.
“It must have been enjoying life far more than you!”
No, Goro didn’t think his younger shadow had been enjoying life at all.
Adachi’s entire body began to emit a blue glow, and his eyes became a piercing yellow.
“Be careful!” Teddie shouted, taking a step back. “I don’t know what’s happening!”
Unless Goro was very mistaken, and he hoped he was, it looked like Adachi was fusing with
his own shadow. Could all have them have done that this entire time?
“You all saw shadows as mere monsters didn’t you?!” Adachi’s voice reverberated, sounding
more and more inhuman. “These things move on pure instinct! They go wild because you
defy them! You annoying little brats are the ones who aren't wanted in the new world!”
“Speak for yourself!” Yukiko shouted. “Living is too painful for you, but you don’t want to
die? It makes no sense! You’re just throwing a tantrum like a little kid who can’t have his
way!”
“Shut up!” Adachi shouted. “You have no idea what I’ve been through?”
“I’m sorry, do you expect me to feel sorry for you?” Goro asked. “You drugged and shot me,
and you know what the best part is? You’re not even close to the top of my list of people who
scare me. You’ve twisted yourself so deep into your self pity that you can’t appreciate how
pathetic you truly are.”

“You don’t understand a thing–”
“I understand that you don’t want me to understand,” Goro shouted. “Because I am speaking
from experience when I say that you’re too afraid of being called out for your own fucking
actions!”
“He’s right,” Yu said coldly, pointing his sword at Adachi. “You’re nothing more than a
worthless criminal.”
“The world is about to change,” Adachi said, his voice thick with rage. “And you won’t
belong there!”
“Everybody get on your guard!” Yu shouted.
Nobody needed to be told twice. They shifted in defensive positions just as Adachi
summoned a persona and cast heat riser on himself. It looked almost exactly like a dark red
version of Izanagi.
“A persona?!” Rise asked. “But that can’t be!”
But it was the truth. Adachi’s persona hit hard and fast, but it was obvious Adachi was
unaccustomed to battle. That, paired with the fact that he was surrounded by nine far more
adept persona users, made the group far overpower him.
It took them less than ten minutes before Adachi crumpled forward, clutching his side. He
collapsed to his knees.
“Ugh,” he gasped. “This is… so lame.”
“Just surrender while you still can, Adachi,” Yosuke said. “We’re not going to let you hurt
anyone else.”
“And go to prison for the rest of my life?” Adachi asked. “It’s not like it matters anyway…
the world is going to be turned into shadows no matter what…”
Adachi suddenly cried out in pain. His eyes glowed yellow, and a dark fog engulfed his entire
body.
“Um, what the hell just happened?” Kanji asked.
“All humans… will become shadows,” said a voice that didn’t at all belong to Adachi. This
was someone else entirely. “And I shall descend upon the united world… as the master of
order.”
“Who are you?” Naoto asked. “What are you talking about?”
“That’s not Adachi?” Kanji asked.
Rise shook her head. “No, it doesn’t feel anything like him.”

“I… am Ameno-Sagiri,” the shadow said. “One who rules the fog. One awakened by man's
desires. Do what you will, but your world's erosion cannot be stopped. It is an
inevitability...You played your part well, stirring up the will of the masses into madness. But
that will soon come to an end...Mankind will soon become Shadows and live on in the
darkness of the fog, oblivious of their reality…”
“Do you think you’re special?” Goro asked.
“Why are you doing this?” Yosuke asked.
“I am the one that shepherds humans to their true desires. Though their hearts longed for
peace, it could never be attained...So they tore down the wall between image and reality.
Indeed, this is the outcome desired by mankind. And mankind's desires are my desires. That
is why I decided to expand this world…”
“You mean you created this nasty-ass world?” Kanji asked.
“This is a part of the sea of unconsciousness that exists within human hearts,” Ameno-Sagiri
said. “Mankind abandoned its pursuit of truth, placing itself in the depth of chaos and
falsehood. Thus, my strength has grown, and the fog will not lift. Your world will be engulfed
by the hollow forest.”
“Will you shut up already?” Chie asked. “Goro-kun told us all about fighting someone just
like you! We’ll just beat you up like he did!”
Ameno-Sagiri’s expression didn’t change. “It was I who made it possible for you to bring
about this destiny...I bestowed power onto those who could brave the hollow forest. That is
what allowed you to come in contact with this world...And you all have done very well
since.”
“Bestowed this power… you mean the power to enter the TV?!” Yukiko asked.
“But as far as we know, only Yu, Adachi, and Namatame originally had the power to enter
the TV,” Goro said. “Why them?”
“I knew they would have the power to set my plans into motion,” Ameno-Sagiri said. “I
created a world filled with desires...Viewed through a window, from which one sees what one
wishes to see...Humans departed from reality of their own volition, craving more false
images.”
“False images?” Yu asked.
“So that's why those who got famous suddenly appeared on the Midnight Channel, one after
another…” Rise said. “It was all in people’s minds.”
Naoto was frowning, obviously deep in thought. “I have to say, it must be true...The Midnight
Channel we saw in Namatame's hospital room...That kept bothering me since. What we saw
there wasn't Namatame's true intentions at all…”

"Then, it came on because we were all thinking, 'This person must be the killer, he can't be
forgiven'?" Yukiko asked.
"But the shadows said the same things inside the TV world as they said on the Midnight
Channel," Rise said. "So what does that mean? Were all of our shadows just voicing what
people thought of us?"
“What are you implying?” Goro demanded. “That the shadows we spoke to weren’t our true
selves?”
But if that was true, why the hell had Goro’s shadow known to dress up as Shido and throw
all of his mistakes in his face? Sure, the shadow had been vile and cruel, but Goro had been
that way at one point in his life.
“It was all an illusion?” Yosuke asked. “But… they said things that nobody else knew about
us. How can that even be possible?”
“Shadows are your true self,” Goro insisted. “That’s how it’s always been. They’re your
distorted desires–”
“No,” Yu said. “They weren’t our desires. They were our insecurities.”
“Are you saying… that this world took our fears and turned them into shadows?” Yukiko
asked. “But the shadows that showed up on the Midnight Channel were also being influenced
by public perception? That’s why some of them made more sense than others?”
“Obviously, Rise-chan didn’t really want to strip naked in front of the entire world,” Chie
said.
“But I did get excited at the thought of going into the TV and rescuing people,” Yosuke said.
“But even then, you weren't as excited as your shadow made you out to be,” Yu said.
“The shadows took your true feelings and tried to distort them into lies,” Teddie said quietly.
“And that’s why Sensei and Goro-kun had shadows, even when they already had personas. It
was this guy pulling the strings all along!”
“Exactly...The more false images one yearns for, the more one stops yearning for
reality...And so the forest grows on...That is the expansion of this world.”
“Enough talk already!” Kanji shouted. “Long story short, you’re the one behind all this!”
Yosuke nodded. “Yeah, I dunno who you are, but you're going down! People want to become
Shadows!? Their desire is your desire!? To hell with that! When did we wish for that crap
anyways!? We kept fighting and fighting like morons to get to where we're standing!”
“Yes, that I did not foresee,” Ameno-Sagiri admitted. “The ability to master the shadow that
emerged to kill you and use its power… A new and uncertain facet of mankind...Is it worthy
to put my trust in, or not...? It must be tested…”

Ameno-Sagiri stepped backwards and burst into flames. A massive gust of wind sent
everyone staggering backwards, and a spherical, metal contraption emerged from the ground.
A multicolored eyeball that looked more like a camera lens stared at them all. The eyeball
was at least the size of the Tatsumis’ house.
A spike of fear caused Goro to freeze for only a minute. Ameno-Sagiri’s true form looked
strikingly like Nyx.
“This is the cause of the fog?” Rise asked, her voice shaking.
“Indeed,” Ameno-Sagiri’s voice was powerful enough to make everyone take another step
backwards. “I have come to put you all to the test and judge your worth.”
“Just shove it!” Kanji said.
None of them were emotionally prepared for another fight. If the battle against Adachi had
been any harder than it was, Goro was half-convinced they would have all been killed within
the first few minutes of the fight. Ameno-Sagiri attacked quickly and without mercy. Most of
the group barely managed to dodge away from its laser, and both Chie and Kanji were hit.
“Yukiko, Yosuke, focus on support!” Yu commanded. Yosuke and Yukiko immediately
jumped away from the front lines, summoning their personas to heal Kanji and Chie.
Goro summoned Hereward, who struck Ameno-Sagiri swiftly. An ability that normally
stunned a strong foe barely seemed to do a dent in the giant eyeball.
“No one wishes for the fog to lift,” Ameno-Sagiri said. While it was distracted, everyone
summoned their personas to attack it. It continued to talk as though nothing happened. “Why
act against the wishes of your fellow man? Consider… is that truly just?”
“Don’t talk to me… about justice,” Goro said, gasping for breath. He yanked a soma out of
his pocket and crushed it. Vitality returned to the entire group.
Attack. Dodge. Heal. Trade places with Yosuke as a support role. Support. Heal. Trade with
Kanji. Attack.
After spouting out more ridiculous bullshit, Ameno-Sagiri launched fog at the group. Not
only was it difficult to see past, but it made it impossible to think at all. Goro knew that he
was supposed to be attacking the thing, but how?
He was so tired… but he couldn’t give up now. There was too much at stake.
“Hereward!” Goro shouted, fighting against the fog in his mind with all of his might.
Hereward launched megidolaon at Ameno-Sagiri.
It didn’t even hit.
“Everybody hold off on attacking,” Yu said. His voice was pained. “Just try to stay focused
and see if this stupid fog will go away.”

The fog went away just as Ameno-Sagiri launched a devastating attack. Rise raised up a
massive shield with her persona before anyone was hit. The ground shook underneath them.
Attack. Heal. Guard. Attack–
Ameno-Sagiri stopped attacking. It tilted backwards; it’s eyelid drooped.
“I see...Your powers are strong. Power comes from the heart...You have proven to me human
potential...Very well. I will lift the fog from the place where you will return to. Mankind's
desires are my desires. If mankind so wishes, I will return at any time...I am always at your
side, watching…”
“Is that all?” Goro asked.
“Well, don’t wait up!” Teddie shouted. “We’ll keep that from happening no matter what!”
“Time will show what path humanity takes… Children of the new potential…”
And just like that, Ameno-Sagiri disappeared into small fragments of light. Adachi stood in
its place. He swayed for a brief moment before collapsing onto the pavement.
The TV world had not gone away. If Ameno-Sagiri really was the cause of this world, why
hadn’t it disappeared? The Dark Hour disappeared when Nyx was held at bay. From Akira’s
story, the cognitive world disappeared when the God of Control was defeated.
But they stood in the TV world, and the TV world was completely unchanged.
None of the others were concerned by this fact. They surrounded Adachi, and Goro ran to
Kanji’s side. He didn’t want to miss Adachi’s response to being defeated.
“Do you think it was controlling Adachi-san?” Yukiko asked.
“Who can say…?” Naoto sighed. “I think it was partially his intention as well.”
Adachi rolled over on his back. He glowered at the fog.
“So that’s it, huh?”
“Would you like to get up and keep fighting?” Goro asked.
Adachi grit his teeth. “Fine. Live however you want. If you think...you have the power to
change the future...then go right ahead…”
“Everyone has the power to do that,” Yosuke said.
“Is that right?”
“You could have learned to appreciate what you had,” Yu said. “Then none of this would
have happened.”

Adachi barked out a laugh. “Appreciate what you have? That’s a bunch of privileged
horseshit coming from you, Narukami-kun.”
“You had a job,” Goro said. “You had a home and people who cared about you. You were the
one who chose to ignore that.”
“Whatever,” Adachi said. He smiled grimly. “Get out of here… the shadows will finish me
off… You came to kill me anyway... Didn’t you?”
“Haven’t you been listening to me at all?” Yu asked. “We’re taking you back.”
“If we leave you here dying...and a dead body eventually appears, then what?” Yosuke
demanded. “What's that accomplish for anyone...? Your stupid game's over. Live and face
your punishment...That's how it works in our world.”
Adachi’s expression was wholly defeated. He was nothing like Goro, who would have
rathered died than face the shattered remains of his life. “...Right”
“I’m sure that’s the outcome Dojima-san wishes for as well,” Naoto said.
Adachi snorted grimly. “Like you really care… what he thinks.”
“We do,” Yu said.
“Of course you do.” Adachi rolled his eyes. “We have the same power… but things turned
out so differently than us.”
“He didn’t kill anyone dumbass,” Kanji said.
“And why not?” Adachi asked. “Because of your precious friends? I bet if you didn’t have
any of these high and mighty moral compasses, you would have turned out just like me.”
Yu frowned. “Nanako-chan, Dojima-san… Did you care about us at all?”
Adachi pursed his lips and didn’t say anything.

They stepped out of the TV world and called the police. They arrived within moments.
“Dojima-san said that Adachi might show up,” one of the officers said. “He’s wanted under
suspicion or murder, kidnapping, and assault, correct?”
“Correct,” Naoto said, looking startled.
“Understood. We have an ambulance waiting downstairs. Should we bring a stretcher?”
“An ambulance?” Yukiko asked.
“Detective Dojima assumed one would be necessary. He wanted the suspect to be carefully
taken into protective custody. It...Well, it was a personal favor to him.”

“They were partners after all,” Chie said.
Adachi hadn’t said a word since Yu asked about Dojima, but the look behind his eyes was
almost one of shame.
“Then, yes,” Naoto said. “Please have them bring the stretcher.”

After Adachi was taken away, the group stepped outside, and Goro was struck by how bright
it was. The fog was completely gone, and the sky was a bright shade of blue that rarely came
out even in Iwatodai. The sun reflected off every surface, the brick store walls, the pavement,
the telephone poles. Goro blinked multiple times, his eyes struggling to adjust to the light.
“The fog’s really gone!” Chie said, astonished.
Had Ameno-Sagiri really been telling the truth? Maybe they really had gotten rid of the issue.
When SEES defeated the twelfth arcana shadow, there had been no signs of improvement at
all.
“We did it…” Yukiko said. “This time it’s for real.”
“It’s finally over,” Yosuke said.
They were confident it was over. Goro had no such faith. Marie was still missing. The TV
world hadn’t gone away, and something about Ameno-Sagiri’s defeat felt… incomplete.
Everybody else was too busy celebrating to notice. Goro decided not to ruin their fun. Not
today, at least.
The removal of the sun must have invigorated Kanji, because he even mustered the courage
to ask Naoto if she wanted to come over for dinner that night.
“Goro and I have been watching the old Featherman cartoons,” Kanji explained awkwardly,
scratching the back of his neck. “It’s no problem if you have other plans, but I thought you
might want to watch with us. You’re a fan of the show, right?”
“O-oh, yes, that’s correct,” Naoto said. She looked alarmed at the invitation, but she gathered
her composure within moments. “Dinner and television sounds lovely. I’ll inform my
grandfather that I will be back home later tonight.”
Speaking of fans of Featherman, Goro had promised himself that as soon as the murder case
was dealt with, he would contact Wakaba Isshiki. And, even if all the loose threads in this
case weren’t completely tied off, there was no point in delaying it any further. Goro only had
a year and a half before Shido started putting his plans into motion.
As Goro, Naoto, and Kanji walked the short distance back to Tatsumi Textiles, Goro pulled
out his phone and texted Fuuka.
Akechi Goro: Can you find Isshiki Wakaba’s phone number?

Yamagishi Fuuka: I’ll have it for you by tomorrow.

Nobody had blinked when Rise started crying over seeing the sky after almost two months. It
was enough to bring Yu to tears himself.
But Rise hadn’t stopped crying, and even as everyone began to disperse to go to their own
homes, Rise furiously swiped her palms over her eyes. She turned away from the few
remaining team members and raised her voice to a cheerful pitch.
“I’ll see you guys tomorrow!” She really was an excellent actor. If Yu hadn’t seen it with his
own eyes, he would have had no idea that she was crying. “Great work today!”
Yu followed her. What else was he supposed to do? One of his friends was crying, and he
didn’t know why.
“Rise-chan?” Yu asked when they were more separate from the group. “Are you alright?”
Rise stopped walking, but she didn’t turn to face Yu. “What do you mean?” she asked. Her
voice began cracking around the edges. “I’m perfectly happy.”
“You’re crying.”
Rise’s breathing hitched. Yu listened to her try to compose herself for several long seconds
before she gave up and turned toward Yu. “They’re happy tears,” Rise said. “I’m just really
happy.”
Don’t push. Just reach out.
“Are you sure that’s it?”
Rise’s smile shook. “You know me…” She let out a choked laugh. “I’m just so overly
emotional!”
“You’re not–”
But Rise obviously gave up on pretending nothing was wrong. “I should be happy! We
defeated that son of a bitch and now the sky is back and the world is saved and everything
will be fine.”
“But…?”
Rise sniffed. She rubbed her sleeve across her eyes. She had stopped crying, but her face was
red and puffy from the earlier tears. “You wouldn’t understand,” she said. “I shouldn’t be
bothering you with this.”
“Try me.”

“No, seriously, I…” Rise looked down at her hands and tugged at her sleeves. It was the same
kind of insecurity Yu had only ever seen from her when they first met that day in the tofu
shop. “Do you think I’m sexy, Yu-kun?”
“What?” Yu asked. Had he misheard her? Rise was flirtatious on the best of days, especially
when she wanted to lighten the mood, but she had never asked that sort of question outright.
Rise wilted, but Yu still felt like he had been handed an incomplete script. “You do, don’t
you?” she said.
“I think I’m missing something,” Yu said carefully.
“That’s all I ever am to boys,” Rise said. “I’m just something for them to ogle at. Executives
want me to wear revealing bathing suits in commercials, creepy stalkers want pictures of me
in my underwear, even Adachi felt entitled to a piece of me!”
Maybe Rise was right. Yu would never really be able to understand what Rise was going
through. As much as he could try to empathize with her struggles, he wasn’t a famous star
with the attention of half the country. He wasn’t even a woman.
“Is there anything I can do?”
“I don’t know!” Rise balled her hands into fists. “I left show business to get away from all
that, but it still follows me wherever I go! I thought that working with you guys would make
me feel like my own person again, but I still feel like everyone only looks at me and sees the
same ditzy Risette that showed up on television!”
A few people who had come outside to enjoy the weather were now watching Rise with a
mixture of intrigued, horrified, and sympathetic expressions. Rise noticed their gazes, and she
sighed.
“Maybe we should go somewhere private for this,” she said.
Rise’s grandmother was still running the tofu shop at that hour, so they sat in the living area
of Rise’s home. Rise sat on the edge of the blue sofa, digging her nails into the soft pillows.
“I know I shouldn’t complain about being famous,” she said. “People have it way worse,
right? It’s silly.”
“It’s not silly,” Yu said.
“When I was younger, I was really excited to show in commercials and movies,” Rise said. “I
loved acting, and it was fun at first. But as I got older, I guess everyone got more wrapped up
in my ‘appeal’ than my actual skills.”
“Are you going to go back?” Yu asked.
“I don’t know,” Rise said. “I love acting, but I hate the pressure. I hate feeling like the only
reason anyone likes me is because of my measurements. I’m sick of people thinking they
know me because they read all of my interviews and watch all of my gigs.”

“You have friends here,” Yu said. “Real friends. Nobody cares about any of that.”
“You used to,” Rise said. She slumped backwards into the sofa cushions. “Yosuke was so
flustered to meet me. And I know that’s not really his fault, but… would you really have
rescued me if I weren’t famous?”
“Of course we would have,” Yu said. He almost felt offended that Rise would suggest they
would have let them die. “Yukiko and Kanji weren’t famous at all.”
Rise smiled weakly. “Right.” She got to her feet. “Sorry. I really shouldn’t be dumping all
this on you. You’ve got your own problems to deal with.”
“I like helping my friends.”
“I guess I’m just really rattled after everything.” Rise’s smile faltered. “But thanks for
listening.”

“Which episode are you on?” Naoto asked as they sat down in front of Kanji’s television.
“Well, we finished Phoenix Ranger Featherman R kind of recently,” Kanji said. “We haven’t
had a lot of time to watch Neo Featherman.”
“Did you watch the original show?” Naoto asked almost immediately. “The one that aired in
the eighties?”
“No,” Kanji said, scratching the back of his neck. “Is it any good?”
“It has its strong points,” Naoto said. “Although some of it has aged poorly. My grandfather
has an old VHS box set that my father watched when he was a child.”
“Do you still have a VHS player?” Goro asked incredulously.
“We do,” Naoto said. “It’s old and barely functions some days, but my grandfather is fond of
it. I think watching those old episodes reminds him of a time when my parents were still
alive.”
“I kind of get what you mean,” Kanji said. “There’s this old movie my dad used to really like.
Sometimes I watch it and remember the way he’d react to certain scenes. But these days I’m
not sure if I’m remembering him or just remembering what I remembered. Ugh, that doesn’t
make any sense.”
“I barely remember my parents,” Naoto admitted. “But doing the same things they did does
make me feel closer to them.”
“You don’t have to do shit just because your parents did it,” Goro said.
“No, I enjoy it too,” Naoto said. “That’s part of what makes it feel so… right, I guess.”

“What about you, Goro-kun?” Kanji asked. “There’s gotta be something you do that reminds
you of your mom.”
“I don’t know much about my mother,” Goro said shortly. “It’s been over a decade since I’ve
even seen her.”
And even when she wasn’t working, she didn’t go out of her way to spend quality time with
Goro. She was either sleeping, or crying, or doing her best to manage their bills. Goro had
very few specific memories that he could look back on fondly.
“Oh shit, sorry,” Kanji said. “Damnit, I need to think more before I speak.
Guilt bubbled up within Goro. Kanji was just trying to find common ground where all three
of them stood. It was a very human inclination to make connections, and Goro was sure that
if Igor and Theodore were watching, they’d be insisting that Goro make an effort to bridge
the gap.
“Well, I suppose there was this toy...” Goro said reluctantly. “It was a very old blaster toy that
I think my mother bought for me when I was very little. I liked to play with it and pretend to
rescue her from villains.”
And at first, she laughed and thanked him and hugged him close and promised him that he
did a wonderful job rescuing her. As time wore on, however, as she grew more weary and
exhausted with everything, she engaged less. Eventually she snapped and told him that no
matter how much Goro pretended, it wouldn't change how things were. She looked like it
regretted the words as soon as she said them, but it had served as a wake-up call for Goro.
“What happened to it?” Kanji asked.
“What do you think?” Goro rolled his eyes. “Toys are not in the list of essentials when you’re
moving from home to home. I’m sure it’s right at home in a dump.”
“I’m sorry, Goro-kun,” Naoto said.
“I’m over it,” Goro said. He sighed. “Can we just start watching?”
“Oh, right.” Kanji put the disc in the DVD player, and they began to watch the ensuing
episode in relative silence. Occasionally Naoto would make a comment about the level of
realism, or Kanji would exclaim in frustration over a character’s ridiculous actions, or Goro
would point out a plot hole.
The exhaustion of their battle earlier that afternoon finally settled over Goro. Where was
Adachi now? Had he finally found an answer to Yu’s question? Had Dojima spoken to him?
Goro hoped Yu wasn’t sitting alone in his home. Hopefully, he was spending time with
Nanako in the hospital. Or maybe he was asleep, pretending none of this had ever happened.
Dreams were rarely that merciful.

“Let’s meet here again someday,” a child version of Feather Swan told Feather Hawk in a
flashback. The two children were standing on the beach, staring at the moon.
The flashback faded to present day Feather Hawk standing alone on the beach. “I’ll find
you,” Feather Hawk said to the moon. “I promise.”
It was cliche and melodramatic, and the entire plot irritated Goro. Feather Swan had gone
missing, and Feather Hawk was confident she wasn’t dead to such a degree that it was almost
embarrassing. Sometimes people disappeared and didn’t come back. Sometimes it was
impossible to find them again.
“Feather Hawk is clinging to an old reality,” Naoto said. “Even if he finds Feather Swan,
she’s not going to be the same one he knows.”
“But that’s what humans do, don’t we?” Kanji asked. “We keep making assumptions about
people.”
“Maybe if we stopped making assumptions, our lives would be easier,” Goro said.
“I’m sure that’s true.” Naoto wrapped the blanket Kanji gave her tightly around her
shoulders. “It’s a shame that it’s our human inclination to make judgment calls based on what
we already know.”
Feather Hawk was now reminiscing about the time Feather Swan gave him a seashell. Goro
glowered.
“He needs to stop living in the past,” he said.
A few minutes later, his phone buzzed.
Yamagishi Fuuka: I have her phone number and work email.
Yamagishi Fuuka: be careful
“What was that?” Naoto asked.
“Just a friend,” Goro said.
Fortune Arcana: Rank 7

Chapter End Notes

We're in the final stretch of p4 people. After this week there's only two more weeks left.
Anyway, go check out more amazing art! Give it love <3
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments.

Edit: for anyone who's confused about what the deal with persona 4 shadows are, me
too. Canon is a little confusing on that end. Basically, my interpretation is that the p4
shadows are the IT's real insecurities about themselves exaggerated and presented as
absolute truth. Some shadows hit closer to home because some people had insecurities
that were more like accurate to how they actually felt. But (according to canon),
shadows that appeared on the midnight channel were also being influenced by the
public, which is presumably why Rise's shadow was extra provocative and stuff like
that.

Chapter 84: December 23–25, 2011
Chapter Summary

Is that???? Futaba????

Chapter Notes

tw: ptsd, implied/referenced child abuse, references to murder and kidnapping

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The next day Goro bought a burner phone at Junes and attempted to call Isshiki. He stood
outside near the food court, allowing the sunlight to soak him. It was still freezing outside,
but it felt ten times warmer with the sun actually out. Goro relished the miracle to see further
than five feet in any direction without the need to put on his glasses.
Everyone else seemed to feel the same way too. Families sat at the plastic tables in the Junes
food court, eating and laughing and enjoying each other’s company. Children ran around with
the balloons Teddie gave them, playing as if the world had just been saved from certain
doom.
Obviously, nobody had realized just how much danger they had actually been. But everyone
felt a weight lifted off their shoulders now that they felt they could breathe safely.
She didn’t answer the first time. Goro waited five minutes before calling her again. After
once again receiving no response, Goro waited ten minutes before making a third attempt.
This time, he received an answer.
“You sure do know a thing or two about dedication,” said a young, high-pitched voice that
was certainly not Isshiiki Wakaba.
“Is Isshiiki Wakaba available?” Goro asked.
Sakura–no it was Isshiki, wasn’t it– immediately deepened her voice. The poor quality of
sound on Goro’s phone almost made it convincing. “You’re speaking to her.”
Goro bit his tongue. He could not laugh at the ten-year-old.
“I’m a journalist,” Goro said. “I was hoping to speak to her about her recent findings in
cognitive pscience.”

“Didn’t you hear me before?” Futaba demanded. “I’m Isshiiki, and I don’t want to talk to any
journalists. I’m far too busy doing important things.”
Deep breaths. Goro could not laugh at the girl whose life he ruined. Even if her impression of
her mother was crumbling the more she spoke. Besides, this was important. If Futaba didn’t
pass on the message to Isshiki, Goro would have to kiss the journalist angle goodbye.
“Please, it’s very important to me–”
“Don’t care,” Futaba said immediately. “Please stop calling this number. It’s really
distracting.”
The call disconnected. Goro wasn’t sure what he had expected.
By the time SEES knew about Goro’s past, Wakaba was already working at the lab that Shido
set his sights on. Hell, Sakura was still working for the government. They tried to contact her
to convince her to quit her job, but she ignored any pleas on that subject, regarding any of
their own job offers with suspicion. The group had ultimately agreed that they would press
the issue further closer to the time Shido would try killing her. Wakaba’s job was nothing to
take for granted, especially since it was one of the only things supporting her and Futaba.
Before Goro returned to his home where his laptop resided, he stopped at the hospital to see
how Nanako’s condition was improving. He had no idea if Dojima would even let him in
considering how disastrous the last meeting went, but he had to at least try.
Dojima sat on a plastic chair in Nanako’s hospital room, free of his wheelchair at last.
Nanako was also sitting up and playing with the Jack Frost doll Goro bought for her a
lifetime ago.
“And then Frosty tried to climb the biggest mountain to save his little sis–”
Goro stepped further inside, and Nanako stopped narrating. She smiled. “Goro-san!”
Goro bowed in Dojima’s direction. “Good afternoon. I hope I’m not interrupting?”
Goro expected reluctance, maybe even disdain from Dojima. He braced himself for the
inevitable reason why Goro couldn’t spend time with his daughter any longer.
“Not at all,” Dojima said. He patted the empty seat next to him. “Nanako’s been feeling much
better since the fog cleared up.”
“The sun came out and so have I!” Nanako said in a sing-song tune. “That’s what Rise-chan
said.”
Goro sat down next to Dojima. For the ensuing ten minutes, Nanako continued to act out her
play of Jack Frost rescuing his little sister. Goro was asked to play the role of the villain, and
Dojima was the father that protected both the Jack Frost doll and the sister.
For someone who had no memory of what ensued in the TV world, Nanako was doing an
excellent job of recreating it.

“You have to have an evil laugh,” Nanako told Goro.
“An evil laugh?” Goro asked, even though he knew exactly what Nanako was talking about.
The two and a half seasons of Featherman had taught him a thing or two about common
tropes.
“Yeah.” Nanako nodded. “Like, muahaha!”
Nanako’s ‘evil’ laugh sounded more like a very adorable impression of Futaba’s cackles.
Come to think of it, maybe Futaba’s cackles currently did have that high-pitched quality to
them. Even over the phone, she sounded quite young.
Did Goro ever have a “evil laugh”? He was starting to remember the more sinister part of his
life with far less clarity. Certain events, such as shooting Akira or that day in the engine
room, might as well have happened yesterday. But the everyday minutia of Goro’s life with
Shido was a fogged-up dream. Sometimes, Goro would wonder if he made the entire thing
up.
Goro couldn’t remember if he had ever laughed. More likely than not, he had only laughed
when he knew he was losing. That would have been less of an evil laugh and more like a
laugh of pure desperation. But maybe he did laugh while destroying shadows. He simply
couldn’t recall.
“Muahaha,” Goro said half-heartedly.
“Good enough,” Nanako said. Nanako moved the Jack Frost doll’s leg so that it lightly
kicked Goro’s arm. “You’re defeated, evil person!”
“Oh no!” Goro said. “My not-at-all illogical schemes have been ruined. I guess my only
choice is to reflect on what I’ve done and decide that I won't struggle when I’m arrested.”
Nanako giggled. “What does illogical mean?”
“It doesn’t make very much sense,” Dojima said.
Nanako frowned, looking confused. “Illogical doesn’t make very much sense?”
“No, if something is illogical, it means that it doesn’t make very much sense,” Goro said.
“Oh,” Nanako said. “Bad guys are kind of illogical, aren’t they? Like, the good guys always
win, and they always go to jail! It would be easier to just stay a good guy.”
If only that were true.
“That’s what you would think,” Goro said.
Nanako rested the Jack Frost doll in her lap and stared at it somberly. “Big Bro told me that
Adachi-san can’t hurt anyone anymore,” she said. “But I still don’t understand. Adachi-san
seemed happy as a good guy. Why would he be bad?”

Because Adachi’s ‘happy’ life wasn’t nearly as happy as it seemed. Because Adachi was a
self-entitled man who thought the entire world ought to bow to his whims. Because Adachi
had such a grim view of the world that he didn’t care who he trampled in order to ‘win’ the
game of life.
Goro glanced at Dojima, who looked suddenly exhausted.
“Sometimes people don’t think they have any other choice,” Dojima said.
“Why not?” Nanako demanded. She didn’t understand. Of course, she didn’t. She was the
most gracious child on earth.
“I don’t know.”
But the horror behind Dojima’s eyes said something else entirely. Dojima did know why
Adachi chose to become a killer.
Because the sick truth was Adachi had enjoyed it.
“It’s not fair,” Nanako said, glowering. “I miss good guy Adachi-san.”
“I know it’s not, Nanako-chan,” Goro said. “But we can’t let bad people ruin our happiness,
okay? That would be the same as letting them win.”
Nanako hesitated before giving Goro a small smile. “Okay.”
Sun Arcana: Rank 9

Nanako fell asleep an hour later. She had insisted Goro didn’t leave until they were
completely done with their play-acting, which she continued to add onto. By the time they
were done, Goro was completely reformed and helping the Jack Frost doll find his lost friend.
It was very dramatic. Goro was certain his imagination hadn’t been nearly that active when
he was seven years old.
When Goro was absolutely certain Nanako was in no danger of waking up, he gave Dojima a
significant look. “Have you spoken with Adachi yet?” he asked softly.
Dojima exhaled. “Let’s take this outside.”
Dojima walked less confidently than he had before his injuries, but he made it outside the
room without assistance. He sat down on the hallway benches as soon as Goro slid the door
shut behind them.
“Has anyone told you that you’d make a good detective?” Dojima asked.
“...What gives you that idea?”

“Because you’re constantly asking questions,” Dojima said. “Sometimes I feel like I’m trying
to have a conversation while you’re trying to interrogate answers out of me.”
Goro wasn’t about to deny the truth.
“I’m sorry.”
“Yu’s the same way sometimes. It’s nothing to apologize for,” Dojima said. “Questions are
good. It’s better to know the truth of your situation than to continue living in ignorance.
That’s something you both taught me, I guess.”
“I’m sure I didn’t do much,” Goro said. All he recalled doing around Dojima was lecture him
on good parenting and have multiple panic attacks in his presence. It wasn’t anything to be
proud of.
“You’d be surprised,” Dojima said. “You’re a really honest kid sometimes, you know that?”
“Lying rarely helps anyone.” Goro said. “Do you have a point, or are you simply trying to
dodge my question?”
“Straight to the point.” Dojima pulled a photograph out of his pocket, although Goro couldn’t
see the contents. “I did speak to Adachi, but he didn’t say anything useful. He already signed
a confession, but he didn’t explain why.” Dojima sighed. “Maybe he realized he’d already
lost.”
“What did he say?”
“That I was a terrible partner,” Dojima said. “Pushed him around too much. Then he said that
if I hadn’t taken in Yu, maybe none of this would have happened. I’m assuming he’s talking
about his arrest, because Yu did nothing to encourage Adachi to hurt innocent civilians.”
The longer Dojima stared at the photo in his hand, the angrier his expression became.
“Adachi will blame anyone for his own actions,” Goro said. “It’s not your fault.”
“Is that right?” Dojima crumpled up the photo in his hand. “Sometimes I wonder… but
what’s done is done. I’m not going to use you as my therapist.”
“I don’t mind,” Goro said. He knew there was little chance of him being able to speak to
Adachi himself currently. He wanted to know more of what he said.
“Nice try, but the answer’s no,” Dojima said. “The best thing we can do is try to forget
Adachi ever existed. The man we knew wasn’t really real anyway.”
Dojima stood up and tossed the photo into a small trash bin sitting next to the bench.
“Are you sure?”
Dojima pressed his hand against the wall to stay steady. “I’m pretty damn sure.”

“The fake person feels more real than the true person underneath,” Goro said. “The Adachi
we knew was the one everyone else knew as well. Maybe Adachi’s true nature is the real
ghost.”
“It’s a nice thought.” Dojima shook his head. “But it doesn’t matter which one felt more real.
It was all just a game to Adachi. We need to come to terms with that.”
“If you pretended to be someone you’re not day in and day out, you would realize how
blurred that line becomes,” Goro said. “Adachi’s scum. But somewhere along the way, he
might have convinced himself to give a shit about you too.”
Goro hadn’t realized how many people he actually gave a damn about until he lost them all.
Dojima knit his eyebrows together thoughtfully, but his expression melted into something
defeated. “It doesn’t matter anymore. I can’t change what Adachi did, or what he might feel.
I’d rather focus my energy on things that I can change.”
“And that is?”
“Being a better man,” Dojima said. “Making sure the people around me are safe.” Dojima
pulled a small black object from his pocket and tossed it toward Goro. Goro caught it with
one hand on instinct. His hand closed around metal. “Something tells me you won’t be
needing this anymore.”
It was the tracker they had put on Dojima back in September. It had obviously been recently
cleaned, although small pieces of grime remained in between its tiny crevices. Blood rushed
in Goro’s ears as he stared at it.
“How long did you know?” Goro asked.
“Yu showed it to me a few weeks ago,” Dojima said. “He didn’t name anyone, but I’m
guessing this was your idea?”
“What makes you think that?”
“Because you’re one of the only ones with the access to this sort of technology,” Dojima said.
“Kirijo-san’s a very powerful woman.”
Technically, it was the Chie’s idea to use the tracker. But Goro had been the one to introduce
the trackers into the picture in the first place, and he was the one to suggest they watch
Dojima.
“I’m not going to apologize for following a lead,” Goro said, closing his hand tightly around
the tracker.
“As a detective, I respect that,” Dojima said. “As a person, I won’t deny feeling unsettled by
the breach in privacy.”
Goro remembered a life that wasn’t remotely his own. A life where his apartment was
bugged and his phone was monitored for suspicious activity. A life where one wrong move

would earn him a bullet through his skull.
He remembered finding out his dorm in Iwatodai had been monitored from day one.
“I’m sorry.”
“Yu explained why you suspected me too,” Dojima said. “Did you kids ever find out who put
that tracker in his pocket? I doubt Adachi knew about it, and Yu said he didn’t remember
seeing Namatame that day.”
“I have a suspicion,” Goro said. “I truly am sorry for doubting you.”
“I would have been suspicious too,” Dojima said. “I can’t say I’ve made the best choices
either. The most any of us can do is to try to be better.”
“For the record, Dojima-san,” Goro said. “You already are.”
Dojima smiled. “Thanks.”

Thou art I… and I am thou
The connection that you have nurtured has been transformed

Thy bond shall be the compass of redemption
and guide the way for thy heart

The power of the Chariot Arcana has been set free
Granting thee ultimate power

After Dojima returned to Nanako’s hospital room, Goro pocketed the tracker and glanced at
the trashcan. The photograph was still crumpled up on top of a pile of discarded tissues. Goro
thought he caught sight of Yu’s gray hair.
Dojima was right. Goro really couldn’t leave things alone. Goro bent over and carefully
picked up the photograph. He carefully uncrumpled it.
It was a photo of… them. All of them. They stood in front of a large television in the Junes
electronics department. It must have been after they rescued Naoto, because Naoto was
folded in on themself with dark circles beneath their eyes. Yukiko was half-way through
yawning. A small piece of Goro’s hair was sticking up. The person taking the photo must
have been behind a nearby aisle, because a shelf cut off half of Kanji’s face.

Had Adachi taken this? He certainly had the time to spare, and he was often patrolling at
Junes. But Goro had never considered that he had actively spied on them. What would be the
point? Did he plan on confronting them about it? Or did he feel powerful taking a picture of
all of them without them knowing? Did it make him feel clever?
No wonder Dojima hadn’t shown it to Goro. Looking at it now made Goro feel sick.
Goro tightened his grip and violently ripped the photo in half. He ripped the halves in half.
Then those halves in half. He repeated the process until he was physically incapable of
tearing the paper. Panting, partly from rage and partly from the exertion of trying to rip paper
beyond its limits, Goro dropped the colorful scraps of the once-photograph back into the
garbage bin.

Isshiki Wakaba,

I am writing this email concerning your research. I have taken a great deal of interest in it
after reading a few of your books, and I wished to meet with you in person for a school
project. If you are interested, please respond to this email as soon as possible.

Thank you for your time,
Sato Ken

Fuuka had made a program years ago that encrypted his emails so that only the sender could
read them. Additionally, nobody would be able to track down his location from his emails.
Presumably. Goro didn’t want to take any risks when it came to Shido. Thus, the made up
name. Hopefully Isshiki wouldn’t feel betrayed by this extra layer of caution.
The following day, Goro awoke to a text message from an unknown number.
Unknown: Ur phone is ancient
Unknown: Was it from 2007 or smth
Goro’s phone wasn’t that old for its time. Smart phones hadn’t quite become mainstream,
although it would only be a matter of time before everyone began having them.
Akechi Goro: who are you

Unknown: im the one asking questions here!! >:(
Unknown: why did u lie to my mom?
Fuck.
Goro scrambled from his futon and opened his laptop. Isshiki hadn’t responded to his email
yet, and there was no sign that his computer had been tampered with. Of course, Goro wasn’t
remotely technologically savvy, so he wasn’t really sure what to look for.
Unknown: if you’re panicing chill no ordinary human would be able to break through your
encryption
Unknown: now answer my question
Throwing caution to the wind, Goro called the unknown number.
“You could have just texted, you know,” Futaba said.
“Have you heard of privacy?” Goro asked.
“Have you heard of leaving people alone?” Futaba countered. “I guessed you and the emailer
were the same guy, but I didn’t really expect to be right.”
“Why didn’t she pick up?”
“She left it home on accident,” Futaba said. “And I’m her wingman when it comes to
scammers.”
“I’m not a scammer and you know it,” Goro siad.
“True,” Futaba said reluctantly. Her voice still sounded incredibly young through the
speakers. “At first I just wanted to mess with your email as revenge for bugging my mom,
but then I saw all that encryption, and I realized there might be more to you than meets the
eye. Am I right?”
“How old are you?” Goro asked. He already knew the answer.
“I’m turning eleven in two months,” she said.
“My email was hacked by a ten year old,” Goro muttered. He sat down at his desk and
pressed his palm against his forehead. Why was he surprised? At the astonishing age of
fifteen, she was able to hack his phone within seconds.
“Like you’re one to talk!” Futaba protested. “From the sound of your voice, you’re what?
Twelve?”
“You were able to break my email encryption but you don’t know my age?” Goro asked.

“It’s not my fault you don’t share a lot of personal information or use social media,” Futaba
said.
“How did you even get my phone number?” Goro demanded.
“A hacker never reveals her secrets,” Futaba said with a cackle. “Especially not to old men.”
“I’m thirteen,” Goro said through gritted teeth. For all of Futaba’s lack of understanding
boundaries, she never shared what she found with anyone else. “And don’t lecture me on age
when you yourself aren’t even eleven.”
“Well, super old man who is also thirteen, why are you so desperate to talk to my mom? You
don’t even live near Tokyo.”
“It’s a matter that requires discretion.”
“I’m discrete.”
“Do you even know what that means?”
“Of course, I do! It’s what all the secretive guys say when they have to tell the hero
something important.” Futaba dramatically lowered her voice. “This is a matter of discretion.
You must not tell anyone else.”
“I’m not telling you why I wish to talk to your mother,” Goro said.
“Well, then I guess you’ll never get to talk to her,” Futaba said. “My mom’s too busy to help
random kids with their school projects.”
Goro could not in good conscience bring a ten-year-old into this. There was no way he would
do such a thing to Futaba, even if she was determined to drag herself into it anyway.
“I’m sure I’ll find a way,” Goro said. “Don’t you have school?”
“Yes,” Futaba said, her voice sullen. “But this is more interesting than school.”
“Well, I’m afraid to inform you that I have school as well,” Goro said. “This conversation has
been enlightening, but this is the part where we hang up and never speak to each other again.”
“Yikes,” Futaba said. “Fine. I’ll go to school. I hope you get good grades, mystery boy.”
“I hope you learn to respect people’s privacy.”

“Are you doing anything for Christmas eve tonight?” Akira asked Goro as they walked home
from school.
“I think Kanji intends on buying a roast chicken for his mother,” Goro said. “Tatsumi-san is
looking forward to not having to cook dinner for once.”

“Oh,” Akira said. “That’s nice.”
“You could come over, if you’d like,” Goro said. “I’m sure Tatsumi wouldn’t mind the
company.”
Goro wasn’t sure in the slightest, actually. He just found that he didn’t care. If he pissed
Tatsumi off enough, maybe he would finally find out how far her patience extended.
“No, I’m fine,” Akira said.
“Are your parents back?”
“Not yet.” Akira shrugged. “And my uncle has seemed kind of irritated about his job
recently. I’m hoping that a Christmas cake might brighten his spirits.”
“Irritated?” Goro asked. He tried not to sound like every nerve in his body was on edge.
“Something about people not doing what they were supposed to,” Akira said. “He had this
plan or something, but someone screwed it up, and now he has to pick up the pieces.
Apparently.”
“What plan?”
“He wouldn’t say,” Akira said. “He doesn’t like talking about his work to me. He says he
wants me to be as unbothered by the adult world for as long as possible.”
“Good for him,” Goro said, even as a pit formed in his stomach. It was obvious that Tsuyoshi
was angry about the fog disappearing, but what plan could he possibly have? Did he have
plans for Adachi? Did he have some form of control over Ameno-Sagiri?
According to Kanji, Goro should expect some kind of gift from Tatsumi that night. Akira also
wished to give Tsuyoshi a gift, even though he certainly did not deserve it, so they both went
to the central shopping district to find something appropriate to give their respective pseudoguardians.
After consulting Kanji on Tatsumi’s preferences, Goro eventually landed on buying a nice
package of European chocolate. Akira bought Tsuyoshi a hand warmers and gloves for the
inevitable chill, and Goro pretended the idea of Tsuyoshi getting a gift at all didn’t make him
shudder with rage.
That evening, Kanji arrived at the house with a large tub of fried chicken. He smacked it onto
the table dramatically, yanking the lid off with a flourish.
“Dinner,” he said. “It’s a wonder we don’t do this every night.”
“I’d hardly call this a healthy meal,” Tatsumi said, putting a chicken wing on her plate. “As
delicious as it might be.”
“Yeah, but it’s easy.” Kanji sat down, grabbed a chicken breast, and took a massive bite out
of it.

“You don’t cook dinner,” Goro said. “It doesn’t make a difference for you either way.”
Kanji grimaced and swallowed. “I don’t like seeing Ma work so hard. Is that so wrong?”
“That’s very sweet of you, but I enjoy making dinner for us,” Tatsumi said. “It’s very
gratifying when you eat it like a starving animal.”
Goro had never been overly fond of fried chicken. It was too processed, and it reminded him
of the many years he spent eating nothing but frozen meals and take out. Still, he ate a few
pieces without complaint and tried to get the grease off of his fingers with a napkin
immediately afterwards.
“One of these days you won’t be celebrating Christmas with me anymore,” Tatsumi said.
“You’ll have a special someone to keep you company.”
Kanji’s face turned pink. “Special someone?”
“You seem to get along especially well with Naoto-kun,” Tatsumi said. “Maybe next year–”
“Ma!” Kanji nearly spat out his chicken. “You can’t say things like that!”
“Did you have someone else in mind?” Tatsumi asked.
“I’m not thinking about that stuff right now,” Kanji said. “I’ve got other shit going on.”
“Well, there’s nothing wrong with that either,” Tatsumi said. “And I hope you know that
you’re too young to date, Goro-kun.”
“I’m well aware,” Goro said. His voice had barely begun to change in pitch. Until then, Goro
would leave any hope of romance on the backburner.
When they finished eating, Tatsumi pulled two gifts from underneath the table. Both Kanji
and Goro received them graciously. Goro pushed down the feeling of surprise at receiving
anything. Kanji had told him to expect something. Why did he feel so caught off guard?
Goro carefully unwrapped the package and pulled out a carefully knitted hat. Kanji also
received a hat, although it was black.
“Yosuke-kun told me you children planned on skiing this winter,” Tatsumi said. “And I don’t
want either of you getting sick while surrounded by all that snow.”
Goro pressed his fingers deeper into the soft yarn. It was the exact shade of blue as Ryoji’s
scarf.
“I hope you don’t mind the color, Goro-kun,” Tatsumi said. Had she been able to read what
Goro was thinking? “I thought you would like it to match that scarf of yours.”
Why was this small detail of all things trying to strangle Goro? It was difficult to find the
right words. “I hadn’t realized you’d noticed.”

“You’ve been wearing it rather frequently lately,” Tatsumi said. “Of course I noticed.”
Of course.

Thou art I… and I am thou
The connection that you have nurtured has been transformed

Thy bond shall be the compass of redemption
and guide the way for thy heart

The power of the Hierophant Arcana has been set free
Granting thee ultimate power

Maybe Goro would never understand Tatsumi. Maybe she was one of the only good
guardians that was graced upon the world. Maybe some lucky children thought her behavior
was perfectly normal.
But she had noticed. She went out of her way to make the hat match something Goro already
cared about.
Goro didn’t understand Tatsumi. He hoped that one day he would.

The following morning, Goro received a phone call from Yu.
“Hi,” Yu said. “I think I need help.”
That statement alone was startling enough for Goro to immediately scramble out of his futon
and head immediately to Yu’s house.
His phone began buzzing as he headed down the central shopping district.
Unknown: why is one of your contacts kirijo mitsuru
Unknown: whattt do u actually know kirijo
Akechi Goro: have you considered convincing your mother to talk to me yet
Unknown: nope bc ur creepy and my mom is busy and im not letting you steal her freetime

Akechi Goro: how secure is this line
Unknown: more secure than your email encryption
Akechi Goro: how secure
Unknown: yeesh ur testy
Unknown: at least government level and ive messed with gov files before
Akechi Goro: how old are you again
Unknown: im a timelord ( ` ω ´ )
Akechi Goro: fine, this is a matter of life or death so for the love of god let me speak to your
mother
Unknown: creepy meter went up five points just then
Akechi Goro: her employer wants her dead
Unknown: what?!!!!!
Unknown: wth why didn’t you meantion this sooner?!!!!!
Akechi Goro: bc i didnt know if anyone was watching
Unknown: id know
Unknown: gimme a minute im gonna get rid of the text message data just in case
A few moments later, Goro’s messages insinuating death disappeared. Goro decided to stop
feeling surprised by the shit Futaba could pull off.
Unknown: ill talk to my mom
Unknown: do you have a time you want to meet
Akechi Goro: as soon as possible
Unknown: ok ill get back to you on that
Futaba stopped messaging him. Goro was nearly at the Dojima residence, but he took a
moment to add Futaba to his contacts. Isshiki Futaba.
The name looked wrong.
Goro arrived at Yu’s house and pocketed his phone. Yu let him in with an uneasy smile.
“What did you need my help for so badly that you decided to cryptically message me?” Goro
asked.

“Oh, it’s nothing terrible,” Yu said. “Dojima and Nanako-chan are coming back, so I thought
we could celebrate Christmas. The girls already agreed to work on a Christmas cake, but
when I went to Junes to see if they were selling fried chicken…”
“They were already out?” Goro surmised.
“Yep,” Yu sighed. “I asked Yosuke, but apparently he couldn’t get his hands on any in the
back. I mean, it’s not that unsurprising. Most stores don’t sell fried chicken after Christmas
Eve.”
“So, you can’t buy chicken,” Goro said. “That doesn’t answer the question as to why I’m
here.”
“Well, I figured I could make fried chicken,” Yu said. He led Goro into the kitchen. “But then
I realized I don’t know anything about making fried chicken. You seem to be our resident
chef, so I thought I’d ask you for help.”
“What makes you think I know how to make fried chicken?” Goro slipped his phone out of
his pocket and flipped it open.
“You know how to make most things.”
“Well, I’m sure I can figure something out…” Goro glanced down at his phone. He already
had his contacts open, his thumb pressing the down button as he scrolled through numbers.
He stopped automatically on Shinjiro’s number.
For a single moment, Goro thought he couldn’t breathe at all.
“Goro?” Yu asked.
Goro inhaled. He shut his phone with a sharp snap and dropped it back into his pocket. “I
don’t know how to make fried chicken,” he admitted. He had made it once with Shinjiro as
an experiment, but he couldn’t recall any of the steps or ingredients. “But I’m sure we can
learn a recipe on the internet.”
Fortunately, Yu only looked vaguely disappointed. “I hope you’re better with online recipes
than I am,” he said.
They found a relatively easy recipe online and replicated it. When they were done, their
chicken didn’t look remotely store bought. It didn’t even have the same crispy texture that
Shinjiro’s chicken had managed to generate.
It tasted about the same though. And it was certainly healthier than fast food.
“I didn’t just call you over here for chicken,” Yu admitted after they were done. He stared at
their platter of chicken almost woefully, although Goro couldn’t imagine why. “I had
something I wanted to ask you about.”
“Like?”

“I was thinking about what Adachi said a few days ago,” Yu said.
“Adachi said a lot of things.” Goro crossed his arms. “None of it was worth listening to.”
“I agree with you… for the most part.” Yu grimaced, as though admitting Adachi’s words
might have any merit hurt him. “But he mentioned that I hadn’t tried to do anything to get out
of my parents custody… and he’s right.”
“Are you going to take them to court?” Goro asked, unable to hide his alarm.
“I’m going to avoid that,” Yu said. “The sad thing is, now that I think about it, I don’t think
I’m going to have to try very hard at all to convince them to let me stay at Inaba.”
“Then what’s the problem?”
“Everything.” Yu laughed bitterly. “I mean, I don’t know that Dojima is willing to take care
of me for at least another year. And are my parents willing to pay Dojima to do that? And do
I really want to risk never seeing my mother and father ever again?”
“I don’t know how you expect me to help,” Goro said. “This sounds like a conversation you
should be having with Dojima-san, not me.”
“I know,” Yu said. “But… you have experience in confronting adults, right? I guess I wanted
to know if you thought I was on the right track.”
“Are you happy here?” Goro asked.
“Yes.”
“Were you happy with your parents?”
A glimmer of hesitation. “I don’t know,” Yu said. “I didn’t think there was anything wrong.
But now that I’m here, and I’ve seen how badly Dojima’s neglect affected Nanako, I don’t
think I was happy at all. I really think I was miserable.”
“In that case, you’re taking the initiative to stay away from people who don’t deserve your
time anyway,” Goro said. “I’m impressed.”
“Really?” Yu visibly relaxed. “You don’t think I’m being selfish?”
“For refusing to leave the people who care about you?” Goro asked. “In my opinion, it would
be cruel to leave Nanako behind.” Goro hesitated. “Sometimes… people don’t love us the
way they should. If at all.”
“Goro…” Yu said quietly.
“My father doesn’t love me,” Goro hissed. “He didn’t care for me, and he doesn’t care about
me. He only mistreated me, and I don’t owe him anything.”
“You’re right,” Yu said. “You don’t.”

“So, if I don’t owe him anything, do you really owe your parents anything?” Goro demanded.
“When have they done anything for you?”
Yu opened his mouth when the door opened unexpectedly. Goro spun around to keep his back
to the wall.
“Man,” Dojima said, walking into the room with more confidence than he had a few days
before. “I’d forgotten how good this place smelled.”
Compared to the sterilized hospital, the smell of fried chicken must be a relief.
“Big Bro!” Nanako exclaimed, walking up to Yu with a smile on her face. “We got to come
home for Christmas!”
Star Arcana: Rank 9

Chapter End Notes

Good gravy I struggled to spell Isshiki consistently in this chapter.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 85: December 28–January 2, 2012
Chapter Summary

omg it think... yes... yesssssss
the SHENANIGANS have RETURNED
MuahHAHAHAHHhhAHHAH

Chapter Notes

tw: implied/referenced child abuse and neglect, ptsd, referenced death

See the end of the chapter for more notes

As follow up from their previous visit, Naoto invited Goro and Kanji to her house after
school to watch the ancient Featherman episodes from the eighties. Her grandfather
apparently still had a VHS player that he was willing to let them use for an afternoon.
As they settled on the sofa with the popcorn Naoto made them, Goro did his best to stay
focused. But no matter how hard he tried to keep track of the plot, the more his mind began
to wander.
The reappearance of Futaba in his life was somehow more unsettling than meeting Akira for
the first time. She was a reminder of Goro’s past life, of Goro’s past sins that Goro couldn’t
quite ignore, especially now that she was in his phone’s contacts.
Sure, Goro was finally taking necessary steps to help Isshiki circumvent her fate, but what
about the others? Kamoshida hadn’t been hired at Shujin yet, so there was nothing they could
do on that end. Madarame remained as benign as ever in the public eye; Mitsuru could only
offer generous donations and job opportunities to the students who tried to break away. The
neglect charges that they had tried to push onto Madarame had hopefully encouraged him to
treat Yusuke more humanely, if nothing else but to avoid being arrested. Kaneshiro hadn’t
begun his movements as well, and there was a limit to how much even Mitsuru could
influence Okumura’s unethical business practices.
Goro had written out the names of everyone he remembered to be involved in Shido’s
conspiracy, but they were all in positions of power. And the sad truth was that Goro probably
wouldn’t even remember Isshiki’s name if it weren’t for her significance in Futaba’s life. She

would have been another one of the nameless faces trapped within the conspiracy, all blurred
together under the umbrella of innocents Goro killed.
And what could he possibly do to dismantle an entire conspiracy without the help of the
metaverse? As much as Goro still questioned the morality of brainwashing, he understood
why the Phantom Thieves felt it was their only option. Even when Goro woke up in his foster
home three years ago, Shido had already long since begun laying the foundations of his
supporters in his plans. Goro’s arrival in the conspiracy had given Shido a significant
advantage, but things had already been set into motion.
If whatever sent Goro back in time wanted Goro to make things right, it certainly wasn’t
giving Goro much opportunity to do so.
“Is there something on your mind?” Naoto asked, noticing Goro’s distracted state.
“Don’t worry about it,” Goro said. He stood up. “I need to go to the restroom. Please do not
pause it on my account.”
“No problem,” Kanji said, not even looking away from the screen.
Goro left the room and grabbed his school bag from where he left it by his shoes at the front
door. He pulled out his laptop and opened his search browser.
Kitagawa Yusuke
Images came up of Kitagawa and his affiliation with Madarame. Most of the information was
speculation–the birthday listed was completely incorrect– but there were plenty of images of
Yusuke available. He was remarkably young. The most recent picture Goro could find did not
capture any of the gangly height that he would soon acquire. His hair was shorter too, and his
eyes looked far too large on his face.
Goro noted that his cheeks were less gaunt than they had been when he was a teenager. Goro
wasn’t sure if this was simply because he was younger or if it was a sign of actually being fed
properly.
His phone buzzed.
Isshiki Futaba: okay i think i have a plan
Isshiki Futaba: im gonna make my mom think im taking her out to dinner and then sike ur
there instead
Isshiki Futaba: ummm sojiro might be there too tho so i hope thats ok
There were worse scenarios. They just had to ensure that there was no chance they were
going to be overheard.
Akechi Goro: time and place?
Isshiki Futaba: i told you i had a plan not that i had started to execute it

Akechi Goro: i know your mother is a busy woman but perhaps you could convince her to go
skiing
Isshiki Futaba: uh y
Akechi Goro: im going to be skiing in a few months, it would make for a convenient excuse of
crossing paths
Isshiki Futaba: i dont think my mom likes outdoors activities
Akechi Goro: isnt your birthday in february
Isshiki Futaba: how do u know that
Isshiki Futaba: have u been snooping
Isshiki Futaba: is privacy dead to u
Akechi Goro: coming from you that is extremely ironic
Isshiki Futaba: r u mocking me ( ￢_￢)
Akechi Goro: use the winter holidays right before your birthday to convince your mother to
take a break
Isshiki Futaba: ugh u make it sound so easy
Akechi Goro: ill let u hold a collectible action figure of Featherman Hawk from 2004
Akechi Goro: HOLD not keep
Isshiki Futaba: deal
Isshiki Futaba: time to make like a tree and ensnare my mom in the most tricky of traps
Isshiki Futaba: i know the metaphor was bad so shut up
Isshiki Futaba: also wats with ur sudden interest in artists
Akechi Goro: thats classified
Isshiki Futaba: im sure i can find out without u telling me >:D
Akechi Goro: what happened to the tree trap
Isshiki Futaba: oh right!!
“Is everything alright?” Naoto asked, stepping outside of the living room with a disconcerted
expression.
“Fine,” Goro said absentmindedly.

“Because things are always fine when you keep secrets,” Naoto said dryly. “Did you even
enter the bathroom?”
“I was distracted.”
Naoto looked over Goro’s shoulder. “With Kitagawa?” she frowned. “He looks younger than
I imagined him. Although I suppose that’s to be expected, since you told the story through the
lens of five years from now.”
“I’m worried,” Goro admitted, closing his laptop. “You’ve noticed it too, right? This case has
too many loose threads. Where’s Marie? Why hasn’t the TV world gone away now that
we’ve defeated Ameno-Sagiri? Who is Tsuyoshi?”
“I had noticed those things, yes,” Naoto admitted. “But the fog has gone away, which means
the immediate danger has passed.”
“That’s not good enough,” Goro said.
“If you could solve every mystery immediately, you’d hardly call them mysteries,” Naoto
said.
“And that makes me feel better,” Goro said sarcastically.
Naoto’s smile didn’t reach her eyes. “My grandfather used to tell me that during particularly
tough cases when I was young,” she said. “It never made me feel better either.”
“How old were you when you started helping with cases?” Goro asked, curious despite
himself.
“Officially?” Naoto asked. “Thirteen. But I’ve been trying to be involved in cases since I was
in elementary school, with varying success.”
Goro tried to picture it: an eight-year-old child around Nanako’s age trying to look for clues
or tell the other detectives where they had it wrong. It was simultaneously amusing and
difficult to believe.
Then again, Futaba was only three years older than Nanako, and she was already apparently
hacking into government databases.
“I’m sure that made an impression on the adults.”
Naoto grimaced. “I’m fairly sure I was laughed at a good number of times, until I actually
turned out to be right,” she said. “A few officers began to take me seriously after that.”
“Did they really?”
“Well, one of them gave me candy when I trailed behind my grandfather into the station,”
Naoto said. “I took that to mean that he respected my skills, but in hindsight, that might be a
bit of a leap.”

“Maybe he had his own child,” Goro said. Adults with their own children tended to be more
sentimental. The SIU director had grandchildren, and he had an obnoxious tendency to
compare Goro’s academic achievements to his own extremely prolific grandkids.
“Perhaps,” Naoto conceded. She glanced behind her. “Kanji-kun’s probably sick of waiting
for us to finish, though. Shall we rejoin him?”
Fortune Arcana: Rank 8

Snowfall marked the New Year, and Goro sent and received approximately ten text messages
wishing him happy New Year, including one from Futaba. Additionally, Goro met with the
rest of the Investigation Team at the shrine to wait for the stroke of midnight. It was a nice
change of pace to celebrate the clock striking twelve. SEES celebrated their New Years Eve
by sleeping through the night. Not having to wake up because of the sudden arrival of the
Dark Hour was a victory within itself.
It was more New Years wishes than Goro had ever expected to have in his life, and it almost
made him feel dizzy. Not to mention the sudden liking that Futaba seemed to have taken to
him, even though she theoretically knew nothing about him.
Just when Goro thought he was done with receiving any phone calls or text messages, he
received a call from an unknown number that was so unusual that it could only be from
someone in the Velvet Room. If there was another calamity occurring on New Years Day,
Goro was going to riot.
“Akechi Goro speaking,” Goro said.
“Happy New Years, Goro-kun,” Margaret said. “I was calling to inform you that I still have
not pinpointed Marie’s location.”
Goro frowned. “Isn’t it your job to communicate with Yu? I’m not your guest.”
“I thought you would like to know,” Margaret said.
Margaret was an excellent liar, but there was an undercurrent of deceit in her words. What
did she hope to gain from telling Goro that Marie was still missing?
“I heard that it was snowing,” Margaret continued. “Yu informed me that he has plans to
spend the first day of snowfall with his sister. Do you have any plans?”
“No,” Goro said slowly. “Does Lavenza-chan wish to play in the snow?”
“I’m sure she would be thrilled if you invited her.”
Goro had a sudden vision of Lavenza holding her breath next to Margaret during this
conversation. Although, Goro wouldn’t be surprised if it turned out that Margaret was doing
this without Lavenza even knowing.

“You’re not allowed to leave the Velvet Room at your own whims?” Goro asked.
“During the period of my guest’s contract, I’m not allowed to leave unless another guest
escorts me,” Margaret said. “And I don’t wish to send Lavenza into the human world in her
own.”
There was another implication beneath the surface. Margaret did not trust Elizabeth to be a
responsible babysitter for Lavenza either.
It was not an unwise conclusion to come to.
“Very well,” Goro said. “I’ll meet you and Lavenza-chan at the Velvet Room entrance.
You’ve earned a break.”
When Goro arrived at the Velvet Room door, he was not at all surprised to see Theodore and
Elizabeth also standing beside Margaret and Lavenza. When had Goro become the escort of
all four attendants? Since he agreed to show Elizabeth and Theodore automatic doors?
“Goro-san!” Lavenza said, her eyes wide. “Isn’t it wonderful?”
“The snow?”
Lavenza intentionally exhaled deeply, causing a small cloud of air to emerge from her mouth.
She giggled and did it again.
“Why does it make a cloud?” she asked.
Elizabeth leapt to respond. “A winter fairy–”
“The cold temperature froze the water particles in your breath to create a cloud,” Goro said.
Elizabeth pouted. “I like my theory better.”
“I think Goro’s more knowledgeable about his own world than you are,” Theodore said.
“Hmph.”
“I hope you don’t mind taking all of us to see the snow,” Margaret said apologetically. “We
don’t have the opportunity to see the snow often.”
Goro glanced warily at Elizabeth’s short sleeves. “Are you sure you aren’t going to get cold.”
“It’s fine,” Elizabeth said. “My nerves aren’t as fragile as yours are.”
Goro lead the group to the hill overlooking the town, hoping he could get some semblance of
privacy there. Almost everywhere else, children and adults alike were enjoying the snow, and
the Velvet Room attendants weren’t exactly inconspicuous.
Fortunately, the hill was untouched by any couples hoping for a romantic spot.

“Margaret told me that humans play in the snow,” Lavenza said. “But how is it any different
than playing during other forms of precipitation?”
Iwatodai wasn’t particularly prone to snow, but Goro could at least answer from other
peoples’ experiences. “Build snowmen and have snowball fights, I believe. If we had a sled,
we could go down this hill.”
“A sled?” Theodore asked.
“It’s a wooden board that humans use to ride down snowbanks,” Margaret said.
“There are plenty of wooden boards here,” Theodore said. He gestured to the old wooden
fence. “Why not use one of these?”
“That’s vandalism,” Elizabeth said. “But if Goro approves…”
“We’re not vandalizing the fence,” Goro said.
Lavenza pouted. “Aw…”
“Oh, how about this?” Theodore laid down on his stomach, lifting his head so that it wasn’t
submerged in the snow. “I can be your sled.”
“I don’t think that’s going to work,” Elizabeth said. Margaret laughed silently into her hand.
“It can’t hurt to try it, right?” Theodore asked.
“Your probability of success is not high,” Lavenza said, even as she kneeled on Theodore’s
back. She grabbed onto the back of Theodore’s shirt collar.
“Alright,” Theodore said. “Hold on.”
He flung his hands forward and attempted to propel himself down the hill. Gravity moved
him a staggering three feet before friction pulled him to a stop.
“That was anticlimactic,” Elizabeth said derisively.
“I think we might have to go without sledding today,” Margaret said.
Lavenza got off Theodore’s back and dusted some stray pieces of snow from her dress.
Theodore stood up, leaving a very long Theodore-shaped crater in the snow.
“Well,that was very disappointing,” Lavenza said. She turned to Goro. “And I don’t believe
we have enough people to stage a snow war. How do you make a snowman?”
If Lavenza was going to approach a snowball fight as a war, it was safer not to contest her
claim, even though five people was more than enough.
“You make a ball of snow and continue rolling it until it gets big enough to be a base,” Goro
said. “Then you put another ball on top.”

“Can you show me?”
Goro never made a snowman before, but he reluctantly stooped over and created a small
snowball in the snow. He pushed it forward, and sure enough, it slowly got bigger.
Lavenza followed suit. Elizabeth and Margaret began to build their own snowman, and
Theodore went searching for sticks to decorate the snowmen with.
Goro made his base an appropriate size, and he helped Lavenza roll her snowball on top of it.
Lavenza’s snowball was naturally a perfect sphere. Did she painstakingly smooth out the
edges?
Lavenza frowned at their handiwork. “This doesn’t look anything like a human,” she said. “It
looks more like the Jack Frost persona, and even then the resemblance is vague.”
“I don’t think the point is to replicate a human perfectly,” Margaret said. She and Elizabeth
had finished their base snowman, and Elizabeth was currently working on sculpting
something onto the face. “Although, I do believe some humans sculpt very realistic images in
snow and ice. Am I correct, Goro-kun?”
“Yes,” Goro said. “But it’s mostly children who build snowmen.”
“Well, it was fun,” Lavenza said. “But it’s just two spheres stacked on top of each other.”
“That’s because we have to make a face,” Goro said. “And perhaps arms.”
As if summoned by the turn in the conversation, Theodore came running back over the hill
with a bundle of sticks in his hands. “I have the sticks!”
“Do you have anything for the eyes?” Elizabeth asked absentmindedly. “Perhaps something
small and beady?”
“I have beads–” Theodore said.
“No,” Margaret said immediately. “I thought I saw some pebbles nearby that we can use
instead.”
Lavenza took two of Theodore’s sticks and inserted one into each side of the snow man. She
tilted her head thoughtfully. “Perhaps we should make our snow creature more resemble Jack
Frost. Goro-san, could you create its face?”
Lavenza took two more sticks from Theodore and stuck them on top of the snowman’s head.
Goro carved two large eyes into the snowman’s face, and he tried to replicate Jack Frost’s
wide grin with a curved stick and a straight stick on top.
Goro wasn’t sure their end result looked anything close to Jack Frost.
“I believe I can sculpt a passing attempt at the fringe around his neck,” Theodore said. “If
you two will allow me.”

“Of course,” Lavenza said.
Theodore added the neck fringe and a little more detail to Jack Frost’s hat with the snow.
Their creation bore a much more passing resemblance to Jack Frost now, which came as an
odd relief.
“Are you two nearly done?” Goro asked Elizabeth and Margaret. They were standing in front
of their snowman, making it difficult to tell what or who they were trying to create.
“Just a moment,” Elizabeth said. “We’re not done with his hair.”
“If you move this stick a little to the left,” Margaret muttered.
“You have too little faith in me,” Elizabeth snipped, but she was smiling.
The snow crunched nearby, and Goro turned around to see who was approaching. Yu’s gray
hair began appearing over the crest of the hill, and Goro stepped in front of the snowman. At
least he wouldn’t have to explain his relation to the Velvet Room attendants.
“Yu-kun,” Goro said as Yu got closer. “What brings you up here?”
“I’ve been making my rounds wishing everyone a happy New Year,” Yu said. “Kou said he
saw you walking this way.” His eyes widened. “Oh wow. You’re all here.”
Lavenza bowed. Come to think of it, had she and Yu ever met? “It is a pleasure to make your
acquaintance, Narukami-san. I am Lavenza.”
“Nice to meet you too, Lavenza-chan,” Yu said. “Um, are you guys building snowmen?”
“It was Lavenza’s idea,” Goro said.
“I wanted to experience snow for myself,” Lavenza said without an inch of embarrassment in
her voice. “Goro said that some children built snowmen, so Goro, Theo, and I created an
almost passable copy of Jack Frost.”
Yu raised his eyebrows. Goro reluctantly stepped away from the snowman.
Yu laughed, and Goro scowled. “I’d like to see you do better.”
“I’ll have to show you the Teddie snowman Nanako and I made this morning,” Yu said. “It’ll
give you a laugh too.”
“And Teddie an ego boost.”
Yu looked over Goro’s shoulder at Margaret and Elizabeth. Goro turned around to face them.
“Who are you two making?” Yu asked.
As if she hadn’t heard Yu at all, Margaret pulled a card from her dress and placed it in the
snowman’s stick hand. Goro was impressed it didn’t immediately fall into the snow.

“Perfect.”
“Oh, so we’re not allowed to use beads but we’re allowed to use skill cards,” Theodore
muttered, crossing his arms.
“It’s blank,” Margaret said.
“Finished,” Elizabeth said, stepping away.
The snowman bore an unmistakable resemblance to Igor. Two pebbles served as his eyes;
sticks created his hair, hands, and uncannily large grin; and Elizabeth had sculpted his long
nose out of snow. It simultaneously looked like a caricature and an accurate depiction.
Both Yu and Goro immediately burst out laughing.
Goro stopped laughing after a few moments, but Yu bent over, looking like he was suffering
from a stomach virus.
“It’s no laughing matter,” Elizabeth sniffed. “We put a lot of care into this.”
Margaret herself looked as though she was trying not to laugh. “Perhaps we should take a
picture and send it to our master.”
“But I didn’t bring a camera,” Theodore said disappointedly.
Yu pulled out his phone and snapped a picture of the snow Igor. The photo quality was
undoubtedly terrible, but they had to have something to commemorate the moment.
“It’s very good,” Yu said. “Just unexpected.”
“It looks as though he’s fusing Jack Frost,” Lavenza said thoughtfully.
This time Margaret did laugh. She adjusted her posture and smiled. “Welcome to the Velvet
Room,” she said, her voice sounding rehearsed. “How may I assist you?”
“This is the least blue Velvet Room I’ve ever seen,” Goro said.
“It changes colors with the seasons,” Yu joked.
“If it starts snowing inside that cramped limousine, I’m going to give up on the place
entirely,” Goro said.
“But snow’s so fun,” Lavenza said, miffed.
“It’s also cold and wet,” Yu said.
“Like I said,” Elizabeth said dismissively. “Fragile nerves.”
Judgement Arcana: Rank 9

Yu was exhausted by the time he arrived home that evening. Walking around in the snow for
the entire day might not have been his best idea, but he enjoyed touching base with everyone,
especially the people he had put to the side in the midst of all of the chaos of the past two
months.
Yu suppressed a shiver as a chill wracked his entire body.
“Hey, you don’t look too great,” Dojima said. “Maybe you should take it easy for the rest of
the evening.”
Yu nodded, too tired to speak. He went upstairs to his bedroom and changed into dry clothes.
He made sure he had no new text messages before opening his computer to check his email.
No new emails or messages from his parents. He had texted them to wish them a happy new
year, but either they didn’t have the time to respond, or they didn’t see it at all.
Was the sudden shaking in his fingers from the cold? Yu rubbed his hands against his pants in
an attempt to make the clamminess go away. After staring blankly at his computer, he stood
up and went back downstairs.
“Dojima-san,” Yu said as casually as possible. “Did my mom wish you a Happy New Year?”
“Huh?” Dojima looked up from his newspaper. “Oh, um, I can’t say she did,” he said. “But
it’s not easy being a woman with such a successful and busy career as her. She must have
forgotten. Also time zones and what not.”
“Right,” Yu said flatly.
“She texted me when she heard about my accident,” Dojima said. “Asked if we all were
okay.”
Hope flared up inside Yu even as he had the increasing urge to throw up. This wasn’t a good
idea. He should just go back upstairs and enjoy the few months he had. Dojima had enough
to worry about than Yu’s problems.
“Why?” Dojima asked. “Did she send a text that didn’t come through or something?”
Yu began to turn back toward the stairs. “It was–”
“Yes!” Nanako cheered suddenly. Both Dojima and Yu turned toward her. She had her arms
pumped in the air, beaming.
“What is it?” Yu asked.
“I got an answer right on the quiz show,” Nanako said. “It’s my first time ever!”
“Well done,” Dojima said warmly. “What was the question?”
“How flowers eat,” Nanako said. “It’s photosynthesis. I read about it at the hospital.”

“Wow,” Yu said. “Impressive.”
“Just try to keep it down,” Dojima said. “I think Yu-kun is going to go to sleep soon.”
“Don’t worry about me,” Yu said. “I have some winter homework to work on right now
anyways.”
Yu went back upstairs. It was only after Dojima tucked Nanako into bed that he approached
him cautiously. Dojima had long since abandoned his newspaper and was now sitting on the
sofa and reading a book.
What was the worst that could happen, right? Dojima hate him? If this plan didn’t work out,
Yu would be leaving in March anyways.
Although, if Dojima hated him, Yu might not be allowed to visit–
“Alright, spit it out,” Dojima said. He closed his book and raised his eyebrows. “It’s obvious
you’ve got something to say.”
Yu took a deep breath and swallowed the anxiety that continued to build up in his throat. “I
don’t want to leave Inaba,” he blurted out.
Yu expected derision, maybe even frustration, but Dojima’s expression only softened. He
gave Yu a sad smile. “Is that what this is about?” he asked. “I know it’s frustrating, but you
have people waiting for you too.”
Yu’s heart sank. Would Dojima believe him at all?
“That’s the thing,” Yu said. “I’m not sure I do.”
Dojima frowned. “What do you mean?”
Yu pulled out his phone and opened up his text logs between him and his mother. It took
approximately one second for him to scroll to the top. He silently handed his phone to
Dojima.

Feeling an odd sense of dread build up in his stomach, Ryotaro took Yu’s phone and looked at
the messages.
4/12
Narukami Yu: a woman was killed
Narukami Yu: im safe though
4/15
Narukami Yu: a girl at my school was murdered too

Narukami Yu: could you answer my phone calls?
7/10
Narukami Yu: im sure you’re not worried since im not dead yet but my teacher was found
dead too
Narukami Yu: thanks for calling
11/5
Narukami Yu: Nanako and Dojima-san are missing, and Dojima-san got in a car wreck
before that
Narukami Yu: thought you might like to know
1/1
Narukami Yu: Happy New Year
For how few messages there were, their actual contents spoke volumes. Ryotaro found
himself scrolling back and forth between Yu’s messages to seemingly nobody at all. Certainly
nobody who cared about him enough to respond.
But this wasn’t nobody. This was Ryotaro’s sister. How could his sister be so thoroughly
negligent that her son had to remind her to answer her phone? Her son who was living
leagues away from her in a town plagued with serial murders?
And on a more personal, selfish level, how could she not respond to the news of the disaster
that struck Ryotaro’s family? About Nanako?
There had to be something Ryotaro was missing. “Have they called you about any of this?”
Yu never talked much about his parents, but Ryotaro had always assumed that he was
enjoying his time in Inaba too much to really take note of them. Ryotaro had never given
much thought to his parents. But, then again, Ryotaro’s parents were also largely absent from
his life. He and his sister had taken care of each other for the most part.
Yu was paler than usual, and he took the phone from Ryotaro. He shut it and clutched it
tightly. Ryotaro almost told him to sit down so that he didn’t pass out.
“My mom’s called every once in a while about the incidents,” Yu said. “She called about you
almost two weeks into November I think.”
“Are you shitting me?” Ryotaro couldn’t help it. He was so surprised. “Your only family in
the country had gone missing, and she didn’t respond until two weeks later?”
Ryotaro was never a model of good parenting; he knew that now. But he couldn’t conceive of
a situation where he didn’t at least make sure Nanako was doing alright if something terrible

had happened. He couldn’t conceive of a situation where he didn’t check on Yu if something
terrible had happened.
“I don’t want to leave Inaba,” Yu said desperately. “I want to stay with you.”
“Yu,” Ryotaro said. “Those texts… you didn’t seem surprised by the lack of response.”
“Well, no,” Yu said.
“And you haven’t complained once about essentially living alone for two months straight,”
Ryotaro said. “When we came back, the house was in perfect condition, and the fridge was
fully stocked up. I assumed you had done some last-minute cleaning for our arrival, but are
you used to living alone?”
“My parents are busy people,” Yu said. His voice sounded rehearsed. “But I don’t think they
ever really wanted me. I’m sure I can convince them to let me stay here, if you’re alright with
it.”
Please say yes, Yu’s eyes pleaded.
Ryotaro had sometimes imagined a scenario like this. A scenario where his sister would need
to be gone for another year. Two years, even. Yu had become another member of Ryotaro’s
family, and he had forged connections with countless people in Inaba. Even one of the
hospital staff was fond of him. Nobody in Inaba wanted Yu to leave.
Ryotaro had pushed away those thoughts. Despite Yu’s own reluctance to leave, Ryotaro still
thought Yu had a healthy relationship with his parents. That his parents missed him.
Ryotaro had never imagined that Yu had barely spoken with his parents throughout the entire
year.
“Alright,” Ryotaro said. He hated his secret relief. “What’s your plan?”
A wide smile spread over Yu’s face. And Ryotaro realized he would protect that smile with
his life.

Chapter End Notes

Guys I almost forgot to post because I have the week off from work and I woke up with
mild pink eye RIGHT AFTER i had completely recovered from pink eye in the other
eye and I am greatly displeased.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3
Bing readers is it nap time? Is it time to touch grass? Or shall you continue reading? I
may never know.

Chapter 86: January 3–15, 2012
Chapter Summary

Naoto may have taken over this chapter

Chapter Notes

tw: implied/referenced child abuse & neglect, sickness, references to death

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Goro had fallen out of the habit of his daily runs. Between the mess involving Nanako and
Adachi, Shinjiro’s death, and Tsuyoshi’s ever increasing presence in Goro’s life, he had let
his exercise routine fall by the wayside. There was less necessity for them anyway. Goro had
started running to improve his stamina, but his stamina was far better than it was when he
was physically ten years old.
Still, Goro missed running. It had given him a mental clarity that only non-life threatening
exercise could provide. No pressure to succeed, but also not quite as mindless as sitting on
the sofa watching television.
Therefore, Goro put on his shoes and jacket and stepped into the snow-covered Inaba,
determined to go on another run before he abandoned the exercise entirely.
Once, Goro had to infiltrate the palace of a businessperson who considered the rest of the
world to be so predictable they might as well have been carved out of ice. The palace was
filled with snow and ice sculptures, and the sudden drop in temperature had always made
Goro feel that the air in his lungs was crystalizing. He’d sometimes use a fire item to keep
warm.
In the real world, the sensation was similar but less painful than Goro remembered. His lungs
burned in the cold air, but with enough careful breaths, it was more than manageable. The
real difficulty came with avoiding ice on the sidewalks. The last thing Goro needed was to
smash his face into the concrete.
He wasn’t ten minutes into his run when he received a call from Akira.
“Um, Goro-kun?” Akira said reluctantly. “Remember when I mentioned that my parents were
probably going to be back home soon?”

“Yes.”
“They’re going to be here this evening,” Akira said. “Can you pick up Monster Cat? I’m
afraid he’ll start scratching the furniture if I lock him in my room again.”
Goro rolled his eyes at the thin attempt at humor. “Of course, I’ll be there in a few.”
Goro hung up and did not let out a sigh of relief. Just because Tsuyoshi would have to spend
less time around Akira didn’t mean Akira being around his parents was a good thing either.
Although, of the two, Goro would prefer Akira’s parents. They had never made any attempt
to murder Goro or any of his friends.
Goro changed his route and arrived at Akira’s house. Tsuyoshi’s car wasn’t in the driveway,
which relieved most of his anxieties. He rang the doorbell and hoped Akira would be the one
to answer.
Sure enough, Akira opened the door with Monster Cat cradled in his arms. Monster Cat
meowed at Goro lazily.
“Ew, why are you all sweaty?” Akira demanded, stepping away from Goro and wrinkling his
nose.
“It’s called exercise,” Goro said. “You should try it sometime.”
Akira shrugged. “I don’t really like sports,” he said. “Except baseball. Baseball’s fun.”
“Do you play it often?” Goro asked, surprised.
“I went to the batting cages in Okina with my dad once,” Akira said. “He was way better than
me, but I hit the ball a couple of times.”
Was Goro’s memory playing tricks on him, or were there batting cages in Yogen Jaya as
well?
Akira and Goro exchanged a bit more conversation before Akira reluctantly handed Monster
Cat off. Now with an entire animal in his possession, Goro slowed his running speed to a jog.
Monster Cat only tried to leap out of his arms once, but his first contact with snow deterred
him from attempting it again.
Goro took the quickest route back to his home, which happened to go past the Hanamura
household. This normally wasn’t a detail of note, except that there seemed to be an entire
army of mini snowmen in front of Yosuke’s house. Yosuke stood in front of the snowman
army, looking about as perturbed as Goro felt.
Goro slowed to a stop, fascinated despite himself. “What the hell…” he muttered.
“You see it too, right?” Yosuke asked. “I’m not just imagining things?”

“Not unless we’re sharing the same bizarre vision right now,” Goro said. “What the hell am I
looking at?”
“It’s Teddie’s creation,” Yosuke said. “He wanted to make a bunch of mini snow-Teddies, but
we both see how that turned out.”
Now that Yosuke had mentioned it, a few of the snowmen bore a passing resemblance to
Teddie’s body shape.
“What on earth inspired him to do that?” Goro asked.
“He saw some pictures of Sapporo’s snow festival in one of the Junes travel magazines,”
Yosuke said. “Then he wanted to go to Sapporo, but I told him there was no way that was
happening, so he’s trying to break last year’s record all by himself.”
“He’s extremely short of ten thousand snowmen,” Goro observed.
Yosuke laughed. “Right? I took a picture and sent it to Yu, and he offered to continue the
effort at his house. Teddie’s thrilled, since he’s determined to stay with Yu while the Dojimas
are back at the hospital.”
“I will not be helping,” Goro said.
“Maybe the cat will?” Yosuke asked with a wink. “Come on, kitty. Don’t you want to play
with snow?”
Perhaps it was just Goro’s imagination, but Monster Cat seemed to dig his claws deeper into
Goro’s coat sleeves at the prospect.
“He hates the snow.”
Yosuke sighed. “I guess Teddie’s on his own, then,” he said. “Probably for the best, actually.
The last thing we need is for Inaba to be covered in snowmen so soon after we got rid of the
fog.”
“Now that’s something I would pay money to see,” Goro said exhaustedly. “Apocalypse by
mini snowmen.”
“I didn’t realize we could have apocalypse by fog until a month ago,” Yosuke said. He
crouched down and began to build another tiny snowman. “It’s weird to think that last year I
was still working with Saki-Senpai, having no idea what was about to happen.”
“A lot of things can happen in a year,” Goro said. Feeling oddly awkward about towering
over Yosuke, he crouched down as well. He took extra care to make sure Monster Cat didn’t
touch the snow. “I didn’t realize I’d have a cat last year.”
“True.” Yosuke sighed. “I just… I thought I knew everything back then. I hated Inaba; I
wanted to date Saki-Senpai even though she hadn’t expressed any interest, and… damn. I
was such an immature kid.”

“Be careful,” Goro said. “You might say that about your current self in a few years.”
“But I was,” Yosuke said. He shook his head. “And then Yu came, and these murders started,
and everything changed. I can’t really explain it. But I learned about myself too.”
“You had to face your shadow,” Goro said.
“Not just that,” Yosuke said. “I think…” Yosuke’s face turned slightly pink, and it wasn’t just
from the cold. “Well, my days of chasing uninterested girls are behind me.”
“No more slim legs and perfect postures?” Goro asked.
Yosuke shuddered. “I hate that I ever said that,” Yosuke said. “Makes me think about Adachi
now.”
“You weren’t like Adachi,” Goro said. “Teenagers have hormones. You just couldn’t hold
your tongue.”
“Maybe,” Yosuke said reluctantly. “But I knew what I was doing. I think focusing on girls
distracted me from other things.”
“Like?”
“All the death, for one,” Yosuke said. He patted his complete snowman, accidentally crushing
it in the process. “And, um, well…” His blush went bright red, and his voice changed in
pitch. “What about you, Goro-kun? Have you ever said something you regret to distract
yourself from something else?”
Akira’s unwavering faith in the face of the impossible. Goro’s determination to prevent Akira
from choosing him over reality.
“Yes.”
Yosuke’s phone began ringing. When Yosuke answered, Teddie’s voice emerged from the
other side of the line, frantically declaring that Yu had suddenly fallen ill.
They both scrambled to get to Yu’s house immediately.
Magician Arcana: Rank 9

Yu was probably going to be fine. He had fallen suddenly ill, but his temperature wasn’t
reaching a critical level. Additionally, Naoto had provided Teddie with some fever medicine
in case Yu’s condition got worse.
“Maybe it was the stress,” Yosuke said. “Are you sure he’s going to be okay?”
“If you’re so worried, just stay with him, sheesh,” Chie said. “But I don’t think Teddie’s at
any risk of poisoning him.”

“I most certainly am not!” Teddie said. “I am very good at following instructions.”
“Well that makes me feel all better,” Yosuke said sarcastically.
Still, they agreed to trust Teddie with Yu. Every so often, Yu would open his eyes and spit out
some feverish nonsense, but that at least comforted everyone that Yu was still alive. It
reminded Goro of that weekend Minato fell ill and slept for three days straight.
As they were fretting, Goro received yet another ill-timed text from Futaba.
Isshiki Futaba: VICTORY
Isshiki Futaba: Mom and Sojiro agreed to go to the ski lodge near Inaba during winter
break!
Isshiki Futaba: never underestimate the power of a determined ten year old muehehe ψ( ` ∇ ´
)ψ
Akechi Goro: you admitted it
Isshiki Futaba: wat
Akechi Goro: you admitted you were ten years old
Isshiki Futaba: … no
The text disappeared from the chat.
Isshiki Futaba: u can prove nothing
Akechi Goro: fine
Akechi Goro: why is sakura going
Isshiki Futaba: thats a dumb question
Isshiki Futaba: he has a crush on my mom ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Isshiki Futaba: also my mom wouldnt take a break unless he took a break too
Isshiki Futaba: and curry ( ・`ω´・)

Naoto invited Goro to her house to play a game of chess. Seeing as it had been ages since
Goro had played chess against anyone, he was more than happy to oblige.
Goro took the first move. Naoto responded by moving her pawn to c5.
“The Sicilian defense?” Goro asked as he moved his knight.

“I’m impressed,” Naoto said. “I didn’t realize you would recognize it.”
“I studied quite a few chess openings back in my day,” Goro said. “Although some of the
people I played against didn’t recognize them.”
Namely Akira. When Goro first started playing chess against Akira in those beginning
months of their rivalry, Akira tried to brute force his way through their chess matches. It was
infuriatingly difficult to predict, but Goro’s experience caused him to win nearly every time.
Akira complained that he would do a better job if it were Shogi, likely due to his connections
with the professional Shogi player. But after enough losses on Akira’s end, Goro spotted a
chess guide on one of his attic shelves.
“My grandfather taught me this opening,” Naoto said. “He said that the best defense I could
hope to have is a good offense.”
“Wise words.” If not a bit cliche.
“I’m sure you’re sick of me talking about it, but I look up to my grandfather quite a bit,”
Naoto said. “Recently he put me on a scavenger hunt of sorts to remind me of my love of
investigation, and not to feel tied to the Shirogane name.”
“An investigation?”
“It gave Yu and I a bit of a start,” Naoto said. “We received a calling card from a ‘phantom
thief’.”
Goro’s hand shook, and he accidentally knocked over a bishop. He placed it back upright as
he asked, “You what?”
“That was exactly our reactions at first,” Naoto said. “But it was obvious from the beginning
that this phantom thief wasn’t your phantom thieves of hearts.”
Naoto pulled a small card out of her pocket and handed it to Goro. Goro snatched it and
inspected both sides. Naturally, it was nothing like the Phantom Thieves’ calling card, which
had always stuck to a red and black color scheme even before Kitagawa joined their number.
“I did… have a question for you, about the Phantom Thief investigation,” Naoto said
cautiously. “If you’re comfortable.”
“If it’s about a small detail, I can’t promise I’ll remember,” Goro said. As impactful as that
one year in his life was, certain details were starting to fade at an alarming pace. What did
Leblanc Coffee taste like? What did the real Sayuri look like? Obviously, Goro knew an
infant Kitagawa was in the woman’s arms, but what was that infant’s actual appearance?
“You were obviously my successor as Detective Prince in the media,” Naoto said. “But did I
ever work with you in the investigation of the identity of the Phantom Thieves?”
“With me on that end?” Goro asked. “No. I recall meeting you once or twice during an
investigation, but I don’t recall seeing you during the Phantom Thieves of Hearts rise to

popularity.”
“Interesting,” Naoto said. “You would think that we would at least look into what was
happening at Tokyo. From how you tell it, it’s obvious the metaverse and shadows are at
play.”
“I’m sure you did,” Goro said. “But you probably didn’t feel the need to involve the celebrity
detective, no matter how publicly involved in the case I was.”
“No, I suppose not.” Naoto took Goro’s knight. Goro captured her bishop immediately after.
“A mystery like that… I would have been downright giddy to attempt to solve it.”
“You would have solved it quickly,” Goro said. “They weren’t being subtle. They were
obviously students of Shujin, since it was the only way to know about the abuse.
Additionally, Madarame’s former pupil started spending time with a trio of students who
were not only Shujin students but students who were personally victimized by Komashida. If
that wasn’t obvious enough, one of them insisted upon talking about being Phantom Thieves
as loudly as possible at the most inopportune times.”
Naoto frowned. “You’re exaggerating.”
“I wish I was,” Goro said. “My point is, you would have easily discovered their identities.”
“Then why didn’t I help?”
It was a good question. Was Naoto too busy to participate? Did she not think she would be
able to gain the Phantom Thieves’ trust? Or did she not have access to enough information to
know about the specific histories of the Shujin students?
“There’s no point in worrying about this,” Goro said. “You’re going to help this time, right?”
“Of course.”
“I’m sure your future self had their reasons,” Goro said. “But you can’t dictate your actions
on them. You can only worry about what you can do now.”
“Of course…” This time, Naoto’s voice was more subdued. She held a pawn she just
captured from Goro and stared at it with a distant expression. “It’s a frightening thing, isn’t
it?”
“What is?”
“I suppose you wouldn’t understand.” Naoto put the pawn down and sighed. “But to think
that I had a life six years from now, that you even met me… perhaps I had an entirely
different personality, maybe even a significant other or spouse, and then one day it all went
away just as suddenly as I might snap my fingers. Or is there a parallel universe in which I’m
still living my life as an adult? It’s very unsettling.”
Unsettling was a very light way of putting it. How badly had Goro shaken things with his
mere presence? Who’s life had he unknowingly ruined? Who’s had he unknowingly

improved? Would the futures of all of his friends be irreparably altered that by the time they
reach 2016, they will be completely different people than they were before?
It was practically unfathomable to Goro, but he had never stopped to think about how it
would impact those who knew the time travel happened. The essential reset that was done on
the world.
“I’m sorry.”
“Don’t apologize,” Naoto said. “Perhaps your presence in my life has made me a better
person, in the end.”
Goro doubted it. He was hardly what anyone could consider a good influence.
Fortune Arcana: Rank 9

The Saturday after Yu collapsed, Teddie called Goro and said that he still had duties to
perform at Junes.
“You’re not even being paid,” Goro said.
“That’s not true!” Teddie protested. “Yosuke-kun’s family is giving me a roof over my head
and food! That stuff is very expensive! I checked in the Junes produce aisle.”
“You’re currently living with Yu, aren’t you?” Goro asked. “You don’t owe them anything at
the moment.”
“I love my job,” Teddie said. “People rely on me to be my smiling mascot self, and I’m going
to be just that.”
Goro suddenly had the sneaking suspicion that Yosuke’s parents had only given Teddie the
job as a formality, so that it didn’t look like they were willing to adopt every random kid who
asked. They clearly weren’t forcing him to work every day if Teddie was the one choosing to
take a break from taking care of his sick teammate for the sake of the children.
“Fine,” Goro said. “I’ll make sure he doesn’t stop breathing.”
“Yay!” Teddie said. “As a thank you, you can eat whatever you want in the fridge.”
“That’s not your food to give away.”
“Yu-kun said I could.”
“When?”
“When he woke up once!” Teddie hummed over the line. “I asked if I could eat whatever I
wanted, and he said yes, because it would make me more courageous. Once I drank some

weird smelling milk, and I could practically feel myself becoming more gutsy because it was
so dis-guts-ting.”
“If you get sick too, I’m not going to feel sorry for you.”
“That’s okay!” Teddie said. “I have thick skin. And not just because I’m a bear. Maybe it’s a
shadow thing.”
Come to think of it, Ryoji rarely got sick too, even though the physicals he took showed he
was practically a fully fledged human.
Goro arrived at Yu’s house and listened to Teddie’s long list of instructions that mostly came
down to “make sure he eats and goes to the bathroom”. According to Teddie, Yu had
improving enough that it shouldn’t be much of an issue.
“Good luck!” Teddie said right before he left the house.
Goro waved to Teddie goodbye and sat down in the living area, where Yu had been moved to
lie on the sofa. The fever made his face a slightly red hue. He mumbled slightly in his sleep,
something about Marie of all people, but Goro couldn’t make out most of what he was
saying.
Fortunately, Goro had brought a book to prevent him from getting bored. It was the first in a
detective series that Naoto recommended to him. Goro had never bothered to get into popular
fiction series when he was younger, insistent on being above the children who wasted their
time with stories, but now he needed to make up for lost time. Maybe if he hadn’t been such a
stuck-up little brat, he would have read this book when he was ten.
The series was about a detective who was only in the business to find his missing brother.
Goro had a feeling the mystery regarding the brother wouldn’t be solved until far later in the
series, but if this were the real world, the brother would be almost certainly dead. In fiction,
nothing was off the table.
Goro was half-way through the scene in which the detective is revisiting the clues of the
crime scene of this book–a woman was killed right before her daughter’s wedding–when Yu
groaned far louder than his usual mumbling.
“Are you awake?” Goro asked, not looking up from his book.
“Goro-kun?” Yu asked, his voice totally confused but mostly coherent.
Goro put the book down and stood up. “Do you need anything? Food? Teddie said sometimes
you get hungry.”
“Food?” Yu sat up. “I just ate though.”
Goro checked the clock. “I’ve been here for three hours,” he said. “And Teddie said you ate
breakfast an hour before I arrived.”
Yu frowned, looking somewhat confused. “Oh.”

“Are you hungry or not?”
“No,” Yu said. He laid back down. “That food probably tastes disgusting now anyway.”
“Are you referring to the spoiled milk that Teddie drank?”
Yu’s eyes flew wide open at that. “Teddie drank the spoiled milk?” he demanded. “What the
hell?”
“He said you gave him permission to.”
“I gave him permission to eat out of the fridge, not to drink spoiled milk.” Yu sulked. “I
wanted it.”
Goro blinked, wondering if he misheard him. “What?”
“I wanted it,” Yu said. “It makes me more courageous.”
“No wonder you’re sick,” Goro said. “You eat expired milk on purpose? To feel braver?”
“Yep,” Yu said. “Although it hasn’t been working as much lately. Maybe I’ve been
desensitized to disgusting foods.”
“You’re going to die if you keep that up. It’s a miracle you haven’t gotten food poisoning.”
“Who’s to say that I haven’t?” Yu rolled his eyes at Goro’s glare. “Fine, fine, I’ll stop. Has
anyone told you that you’re really boring?”
“Has anyone told you that you have self-destructive tendencies?” Not that Goro could really
talk.
“Ever look in a mirror lately?” Yu smiled. “You know, I think I’ve been doing better on that
end.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yep,” he said. “I spoke to Dojima-san. He agreed to let me stay for as long as I wanted. I
emailed my parents about it, and I think they were actually relieved. They wanted to make
more overseas travel plans but didn’t want to force me on Dojima for more than a year.
Thought it would be uncouth.”
Goro was confused as to why Yu was so thrilled by this information. “Is this good news?”
“Of course it is,” Yu said. “They don’t give a shit, and I get to stay here forever. What could
be better?”
Goro pretended that tears weren’t slipping down Yu’s cheeks even as he continued smiling.
Did Yu even realize he was crying?
“I think you’re hungry,” Goro said.

“I’m not hungry,” Yu insisted.
“You don’t have to finish eating it,” Goro said. Teddie said he had been mostly giving Yu
ramen and broth. Goro had half a mind to prepare something a little less tasteless, but he
suddenly recalled a gala during which he was already feeling under the weather, and–
Ramen and broth it was.
While the broth boiled, Yu picked up the book Goro had put on the table. “I remember
reading this when I was younger,” he said. “It’s pretty good.”
“Naoto-kun donated it to me,” Goro said.
“Oh, that reminds me,” Yu said. “I had something to give to you too.”
“You do?” Goro asked.
Yu nodded. “Yep. Give me a minute.”
Yu stood up and began to walk toward the stairs. His eyes didn’t look remotely focused, and
he swayed slightly as he walked.
“Maybe I should get it for you,” Goro said doubtfully.
“No,” Yu said. “It’s fine.” He took a deep breath and smiled weakly. “See? I’m a lot better
than I was.”
“Uh huh.”
Goro watched Yu march up the stairs doubtfully. Would he even be able to catch him if Yu
toppled backwards? Or would Goro serve as a cushion to Yu’s fall?
Yu didn’t fall. Instead, he disappeared into his room and came back out clutching a small
object in his fist. He stumbled down the stairs without collapsing on top of Goro and dropped
the object into Goro’s hand.
It was a small chain with a tiny magnifying glass at the end.
“It’s a phone charm,” Yu explained. He walked across the living are and collapsed back onto
the sofa. “I saw it at Junes.”
“And you bought it for me?” Goro asked, somewhat puzzled.
“No.” Yu sunk further against the pillows and shook his head. “It came in a pack for some
reason. I have my own on my phone.” Yu reached into his pocket, presumably to show off his
phone. His brows furrowed as he patted his pocket repeatedly. “I don’t know where it is.”
It was sitting on the kitchen counter. Sure enough, a differently shaped magnifying glass
phone charm was attached to it. Goro handed the phone to Yu.

“Yeah,” Yu said. “I liked it because it reminded me of the rest of the team. That I’m not
alone.”
“I see,” Goro said politely.
“And then I remembered that you sometimes do a bunch of stupid things alone, like that stunt
with Adachi, and I thought… maybe he forgets that he has friends who support him too. So I
decided to give you that as a reminder.”
Goro didn’t know what to say, but the broth was boiling. He put the noodles into the pot as
Yu continued to talk.
“I know it’s not easy being a wildcard,” Yu said. “Igor keeps talking about bonds and social
links and whatnot, and then you feel like you need to fix everyone’s problems or help them or
something, but I don’t think that was really the point. I think the point of bonds is that we
help each other. And somewhere along the way I forgot that.
“So thanks for reminding me that I’m not alone.”

Thou art I… and I am thou
The connection that you have nurtured has been transformed

Thy bond shall be the compass of redemption
and guide the way for thy heart

The power of the Star Arcana has been set free
Granting thee ultimate power

Goro hadn’t been alone for years.
But it was still very easy to forget.
“No,” Goro said, stirring the noodles and glancing at the phone charm he placed on the
counter. “Thank you.”

Yu recovered in time for the beginning of the third semester. He admitted to having strange
dreams about Marie, but Margaret had yet to pinpoint her location.

The heavy snow fell rapidly the following Sunday. It piled up enough to make opening the
front door legitimately difficult. Monster Cat sat on the windowsill, regarding the powdery
white world with thinly veiled disdain.
“The cat isn’t going to hibernate, is it?” Kanji asked.
“Cats don’t hibernate,” Goro said, reading the second to last chapter of his novel. The
detective had yet to catch the killer, who was almost certainly the daughter of the victim – a
bit cliche, but it was for children– and Goro could not fathom how the story could hope to be
wrapped up in a few chapters–
“This one sure looks like it wants to,” kanji said. “Poor guy looks ready to move to the
equator.”
“Cats don’t hibernate,” Goro repeated. But it was true that Monster Cat had become tense at
the snow’s continued presence. With a small exhale, Goro placed his book on the coffee table
and texted Emiko.
Akechi Goro: Monster Cat doesn’t like snow should be worried?
Yamamoto Emiko: u have snow ?!!
Akechi Goro: since the beginning of the month
Yamamoto Emiko: since the beginning of the MONTH?!!!!
Yamamoto Emiko: no fair i wouldve visited (T_T)
Akechi Goro: its only snow
Yamamoto Emiko: (╥_╥)
Yamamoto Emiko: anyway monster Cat should be fine as long as u keep him entertained
indoors
Goro suddenly received two new notifications from Futaba. Goro sent Emiko hurried thanks
before switching chats.
Isshiki Futaba: u have a cat?!
Isshiki Futaba: i demand pics
Akechi Goro: reading private messages is morally wrong
Isshiki Futaba: hmm ill consult sojiro on that ¯\_( ツ)_/¯
Isshiki Futaba: now pics
Goro reluctantly snapped a photo of Monster cat and sent it to Futaba. Futaba awed
appropriately and then less appropriately said:

Isshiki Futaba: i would die for him
Akechi Goro: wtf??
Isshiki Futaba: LANGUAGE
“Um, I think Teddie just challenged me to a snowball fight,” Kanji said.
Goro looked up from his phone and frowned in confusion. “What?”
“Teddie just texted me about snowballs and kicking my ass…” Kanji stared at his phone with
a disconcerted frown.
Isshiki Futaba: sry not sry
Akechi Goro: what did you do
Isshiki Futaba: i gave your furry friend a genius idea
Isshiki Futaba: all the talk about snow has spurned me to live viciously
Akechi Goro: vicariously?
Isshiki Futaba: same difference
Isshiki Futaba: tell me who wins muehehehe
A few minutes later, Goro received a text message from Teddie with specific instructions
concerning the time and place of the snowball fight.
Akechi Goro: you shouldn’t listen to texts from unknown numbers
Teddie: ?? but the kind sender said they were a friend of yours, Goro-kun!
As they walked to the empty fields near the outskirts of town, Goro called Teddie and had a
lengthy conversation about scam artists and internet safety.
Upon arriving at the designated battlefield, nearly all the rest of the investigation team had
arrived. They were bundled up in their jackets and scarves, looking equally confused as to
why Teddie spontaneously called this outing.
“A scam artist told me too!” Teddie said cheerfully. “Wasn’t that nice of them?”
Clearly, Goro would need to spend more time explaining the definition of a scam.
As they waited for Yukiko and Chie to finally make it, Yosuke began to explain the rules.
“We’re going to pull straws to figure out who’s on which team,” he said. “Teddie, Yu, and I
have already constructed bases.” Yosuke pointed at the large hills of snow that almost
resembled walls on either side of the hill. “If you get hit, the other team gets a point. First to
fifty points wins. Yu will be the ref.”

“You’re not joining us?” Naoto asked.
Yu shook his head. He clutched a pink thermos with his gloved hands. “I don’t really want to
risk getting sick again by being pelted with snow.”
“I was wondering why you brought thermos,” Rise said.
“Yosuke made me hot chocolate,” said Yu.
Yosuke sputtered and looked away. “It’s what any good partner would do.”
Chie and Yukiko ran up to them as Yu laughed.
“Hey guys,” Chie said. She bent over and gasped for air. “Sorry we’re late.”
“Chie couldn’t find her lucky socks,” Yukiko said. “She’s never lost a snowball fight with
them.”
Chie blushed and stomped her foot so that her boot became half-submerged in snow. “You
weren’t meant to tell everyone else that!”
“Oh,” Yukiko blushed in turn. “Sorry.”
“What’s the big deal?” Kanji asked. “We all have our lucky clothing articles, right?”
“Ah, well, she never found–MPHH!” Chie covered Yukiko’s mouth before she could finish.
“Oh, I see,” Yosuke said. “You’re worried you’re gonna lose.”
“Am not!” Chie protested. “Just you wait, I’ll crush you so hard that you’ll be a finer powder
than this snow!”
“Wow,” Kanji said, shivering. “Scary.”
Yosuke explained the rules again, and Teddie presented the group with a small red pouch.
“Ta da!” He opened the pouch and presented it to Rise. “May the drawing of straws
commence!”
The first team consisted of Kanji, Yosuke, Rise, and Chie.
The second team had Yukiko, Naoto, Teddie, and Goro.
“Yes!” Yosuke said. “With Kanji and Chie on our side, you might as well surrender now.”
“I think we’ll take our chances,” Goro said, smiling with all his teeth.
“I’m sorry it had to be this way Chie,” Yukiko said. “But I will spare you no mercy.”
Chie put her fist in her hand, grinning. “Oh, it’s on.”

The teams separated to take shelter behind their respective snow-walls. Immediately, Naoto
had the group circle up.
“It’s true that the opposing team has more athletic talent than us,” they said. “So our only
hope is a sound strategy. Any ideas?’
“If we put someone up as a distraction, we could draw their fire,” Goro said.
“Excellent point,” Naoto glanced at the group. “Who is the best at dodging?”
“Oh, oh, pick me!” Teddie said. “I’m the smallest, so it will make me harder to hit.”
Their plan was simple: Naoto was in charge of creating a steady supply of snowballs, which
they apparently created to be as aerodynamic as possible. Goro and Yukiko had better aim, so
they sprang up to throw snowballs at the others while Teddie served as a distraction.
Yu called for the fight to begin, and almost immediately, Kanji and Chie began chucking
snowballs at them as aggressively as possible. Goro threw one snowball at Kanji’s hat just
when one of Yosuke’s snowballs scuffed him in the shoulder. Chie whooped right before
Yukiko’s snowball hit her square in the face.
“Sorry!” Yukiko cried as Chie sputtered.
Goro took Chie’s distraction as an opportunity to hit her chest with another snowball. Rise
took Yukiko’s distraction to hit her with another snowball. Teddie vaulted over the snowball
wall and began doing cartwheels to dodge the other team’s impending pelting of snowballs.
This was probably one of the most ridiculous things Goro has ever witnessed in his life. This
did not stop him from determinedly trying to knock Kanji’s hat off with snowballs. He was
successful on the fifth attempt.
Needless to say, it wasn’t an easy battle, but their team achieved a decisive victory.
“I can’t believe I lost,” Yosuke said. He glared at Yu lightheartedly. “A good partner is a
corrupt referee.”
“I never said I was a good partner,” Yu said with a deadpan expression.
“I must say,” Naoto said. “You did well out there.”
“You were the one to suggest we come up with a strategy,” Goro said.
“Well, I do have a habit of taking things a bit too seriously,” Naoto admitted. “I was always
determined to solve the mysteries in books before the author revealed it. My grandfather
would have to remind me it was only fiction some days.”
“We have that in common.”
Naoto smiled and crossed their arms. “In that case, I’m sure you’ve already solved the
mystery in the book I lent you.”

“It’s the daughter,” Goro said.
Naoto chuckled. “Are you enjoying it, at least?”
“I’m almost done,” Goro admitted. “It’s cleverly written, even if the twist is somewhat
cliche.”
“Keep it.”
Goro’s mind ground to a halt. How did they get from snowball fights to Naoto letting him
keep their book? “What?”
Naoto’s smile was a little too knowing than Goro liked. “I have multiple copies,” they said.
“If you enjoy it so much, I want you to have it.”
Goro still struggled to comprehend the spontaneous generosity of his comrades. Why was
everyone giving him things recently? Surely they didn’t know they were on the last rank of
their social link?
“I can’t accept this.”
“I insist.”
“But it belongs to you.”
“I have others.” Naoto put their hands on their hips. “Besides, I think you’ll enjoy how it
ends.”
Goro swallowed his pride and bowed. “Thank you.”
“You’ve revealed a whole side of the world I never thought possible,” Naoto said. “And I’ve
come to realize that I’ll never understand everything, and I have to accept that. Thank you for
that valuable lesson.”

Thou art I… and I am thou
The connection that you have nurtured has been transformed

Thy bond shall be the compass of redemption
and guide the way for thy heart

The power of the Fortune Arcana has been set free
Granting thee ultimate power

“I didn’t realize I taught people that much.”
“I only recently noticed it myself.”
Later, Goro finished the book. The killer was the daughter, just as he predicted, but a warm
glow of satisfaction filled Goro’s chest as he closed the book. He wasn’t quite sure what to do
with it.

Chapter End Notes

Went to my timeline and realized that this is the part of the timeline where when I was
planning I wasn't really sure what date certain rank ups would land and i never bothered
to figure it out later ;-;
Also fun fact, I wrote a chunk of this chapter and the next while volunteering at church
camp. I had to write in a notebook because we weren't allowed to have phones (don't
ask, i think it was a liability thing since we were in charge of making sure kids didn't
drown or get attacked by bears or smth). So now one of my notebooks has a tiny part of
this fic. But yeah if you see more typos than usual, that's why.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 87: January 17–February 11, 2012
Chapter Summary

Max social link speedrun time

Chapter Notes

tw: ptsd, grief, references to death

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Kanji’s birthday was that Thursday, so Goro went shopping for a gift on Tuesday. After
checking in all the local stores and finding nothing Kanji would like, Goro reluctantly went to
Junes.
He had been browsing the craft aisles with increasing levels of frustration when he spotted
Yosuke speaking with a customer on the other side of the room. The customer looked irritated
as they spoke to Yosuke, and Goro found himself creeping toward the argument as subtly as
possible. He pretended to be investigating a beginners jewelry kit as Yosuke said,
“I’m terribly sorry sir. We’ll have that fixed right away. But, just for you, I could give you a
discount.”
“Don’t bother,” the customer said. “I wouldn’t have even bothered coming here if this
damned place hadn’t ran the nearest electronics store out of business.”
The man continued on a tirade about how Junes was ruining Inaba, and Goro had enough.
Good points on the damaging effects of consumerism aside, it wasn’t Yosuke’s fault that
mega corporations existed. He pulled out his phone and called Yosuke. Both Yosuke and the
man looked shocked at the cheerful ringtone emerging from Yosuke’s pocket. Yosuke
glanced at the caller Id and his expression relaxed.
“Oh, um, I’m terribly sorry, sir,” Yosuke said, bowing. “But it looks like they need my help in
the… kitchen department! They need me right away!”
Yosuke ran off, leaving the man fuming. A moment later, Yosuke answered Goro’s phone.
“Hey man, what’s up?”
“I saw you dealing with that customer and thought I would offer my assistance,” Goro said.

A loud exhale. “Thanks for the save. But I hope he doesn’t try to find someone else and
complain about me.”
Goro frowned and glanced over his shoulder. The man was storming toward the automatic
doors leading outside.
“He seems to be making his exit.,” Goro said.
“Oh, thank god,” Yosuke said. “Where are you? Seems pointless to chat on the phone when
you’re in the same building.”
With the irritated customer gone, Yosuke returned to the crafts section. He looked both ways
before releasing a massive sigh of relief.
“Why was he upset in the first place?” Goro asked.
“Oh, um, he actually had a pretty good reason,” Yosuke said, looking embarrassed. “We had
a sale on the TVs that ended last night, and nobody took down the signs. He was pretty pissed
to find out the sale was over when he went to buy the items. Wanted to speak to the manager,
but he found me and figured I was close enough to the real thing.”
“He could’ve handled it with more grace,” Goro said. But Yosuke was right. Who the hell
was responsible for taking down those signs, and why hadn’t they taken their job more
seriously? Goro would have been just as pissed if he thought he could have half-off on food
only to find out that someone had been too lazy to take down the signs giving him false hope.
“Huh, you’re a pro at that, right?” Yosuke winked. “But enough about me, what are you
doing here?”
“I’m looking for a gift for Kanji-kun,” Goro said. “Any suggestions?”
“I don’t know,” Yosuke said. His friendly grin faded. “I’ve been thinking about giving him an
apology letter personally.”
“For what?”
“Oh, well, I guess you weren’t there for this, but I didn’t respond well to Kanji’s shadow.”
Yosuke grimaced and rubbed the back of his neck. “You know, the bathhouse one.”
“Surely you’ve apologized for that by now,” Goro said.
Yosuke’s grimace only grew more pronounced. “Well, sure, but that was before I realized…”
Was Yosuke finally going to tell Goro what’s been weighing on him this entire time?
“Before you realized…” Goro said prompting.
“I like boys!” Yosuke blurted out. His face turned bright red, and he covered his mouth with
both hands. His eyes flitted around the aisle before he seemed satisfied that nobody

overheard. He slowly relaxed and lowered his hands to his sides. “I mean, girls are sexy too,
but–”
“Yosuke,” Goro said, unwilling to listen to Yosuke ramble his way through coming out. “I
know.”
Yosuke cringed yet again. “That girls are sexy?”
“It’s obvious you feel attracted to men,” Goro said. “Have you heard the things you’ve said to
Yu? Because there’s one statement about him being good with his hands that–”
“ANYWAY,” Yosuke said, looking about ready to melt into the floor. He laughed nervously.
“Thanks for being cool?”
“Girls have no sexual appeal to me,” Goro said. “I understand.”
“Oh, um, okay.” Yosuke laughed nervously, and Goro realized that maybe he could have
phrased that less awkwardly. “Oh! I’d been meaning to give you this coupon anyway, and…
that was a terrible way of changing the subject.”
Goro took mercy on Yosuke and accepted the gift. It was a coupon for cat food, which was
actually rather useful now that Monster Cat was back in Goro’s care.
“Thank you for thinking of me,” Goro said.
“Right.” Yosuke cleared his throat, his face still somewhat pink from the entire exchange.
“Do you want to help me find a gift now?” Goro asked dryly. “Or would you like to explain
in great detail how you find Yu attractive?”
“No, no, I’m good,” Yosuke said quickly. “Gifts. I can do gifts. For Kanji, right?”
“Right.”
“You probably know him better than I do, since you live with him.” Yosuke’s laugh was selfdeprecating. “I mean, like I said earlier, I have no idea what I’m getting him.”
“I’d appreciate your input regardless,” Goro said. He left the part where he himself was
terrible at giving gifts unsaid.

Thou art I… and I am thou
The connection that you have nurtured has been transformed

Thy bond shall be the compass of redemption

and guide the way for thy heart

The power of the Magician Arcana has been set free
Granting thee ultimate power

“Hey, uh, while we look for gifts,” Yosuke said tentatively. “You didn’t happen to ask anyone
out while you were a teenager, did you? Uh… any tips?”
Goro’s lips quirked up in some semblance of amusement. “Have you tried texting them in the
middle of the night with the words ‘I’m alone right now’?”
Yosuke chortled. “You did not. Please tell me you didn’t.”
“It worked alarmingly well. But maybe it helps when you already have a rivalry built on
opposing ideals of how to best handle the corruption in society.”
“I… don’t have that.”
“Then I can’t help you.”
Yosuke sighed. “I’ll just… figure it out. I guess.”

Goro eventually landed on a poster for a shonen manga he remembered Kanji eyeing during
one of their numerous Junes visits. Kanji was well pleased with it when Goro gave it to him
that Sunday morning. The others were going to meet Kanji at the pavilion to celebrate his
birthday and hand out gifts.
“That reminds me,” Kanji said. “I got something for you too.”
“My birthday is in June,” Goro pointed out.
“Well, consider it my thank you present,” Kanji said. “But it’s also kind of a gift for myself,
so don’t read too much into it.”
Goro followed Kanji into his room and watched Kanji fish around his dresser drawers.
Eventually, Kanji pulled out a small rectangular DVD box.
“It’s a video game,” Kanji said. “Some sort of Featherman spinoff with fighting and stuff. I
don’t know. The story’s probably crap, but the actual game might be fun.’
“Is it a cooperative game?” Goro asked. He didn’t know much about video games in the
slightest, but the few he played with Akra had been “co-op” as Futaba had so enthusiastically
called it.

“Basically,” Kanji said. “I mean, just in the sense that we can play together. I think. We’re
fighting each other in the gameplay.”
“I hope you’re prepared to lose.”
“Only if you’re prepared for an ass kickin’.”
Later that day, during cake and gifts with the others, Kanji mentioned the game. Yu, Yosuke,
Chie, and Naoto took more interest than Goro expected.
“What’s the plot?” Yosuke asked.
“Does it play well?” Naoto asked.
Kanji scratched the back of his neck. “We haven’t exactly started playing it yet,” he said.
“But you guys can come over if you want.”
They all expressed interest. Teddie expressed interest, even though it was obvious he had no
idea what they were talking about. Chie, Yukiko, and rise came along because Chie wanted to
know if fighting games were as cool as movies and Rise and Yukiko didn’t want to feel left
out.
If Tatsumi was surprised by the cascade of teenagers storming her house, she didn’t show it.
She instead asked if anyone wanted a snack, which they politely refused. They piled into
Kanji’s room and agreed to take turns playing the game.
Goro and Kanji went first. Goro’s experience were quite limited outside of his few forays
with Akira lifetimes ago. He struggled to remember which buttons were attributed to which
actions, and Kanji beat him easily.
“Good game,” Kanji said as he passed the controller to Chie.
Goro rolled his eyes. “If you call being decimated ‘good’.” He handed his controller to Rise.
“Can’t be good at everything,” Kanji said with a shrug.
“You certainly seemed to be a jack of all trades when you were giving me a tour of hobbies.”
At some point, monster Cat must have snuck into the room. Now, he strolled up to Goro and
pressed his head against Goro’s leg, purring all the while. Goro absentmindedly scratched
behind Monster Cat’s ear.
“I wasn’t good at most of that stuff,” Kanji said. His eyes were glued to the TV screen as
Rise blasted Chie’s character into the air. “But it helped me expand my horizons, I guess.”
“I suppose it expanded mine too.”

Thou art I… and I am thou

The connection that you have nurtured has been transformed

Thy bond shall be the compass of redemption
and guide the way for thy heart

The power of the Emperor Arcana has been set free
Granting thee ultimate power

The story of the video game was a bit odd. Some individual was meddling with the
characters’ minds, making them fight each other. Additionally, the Feathermen met people of
an older Featherman generation.
“I could write a fanfiction about this,” Yu said.
“A what?” Yosuke asked.
“Ohh, like inserting ourselves in the characters?” Yukiko asked.
“Exactly,” Yu said, snapping his fingers. “I can be Feather Hawk.”
“Oh, I see! And the older guys can be Goro-kun’s friends,” Teddie said.
Goro rolled his eyes. “That’s ridiculous.”
“But it’s fun,” Yu said.
“What’s fanfiction?” Yosuke asked again.
“Chie and I have the perfect recommendation for you, Yosuke-kun,” Yukiko said, smiling
slyly. “It’s called ‘Kidnapped by Unidirection.’”
Chie cackled.
“Can I read this story?” Teddie asked.
“No,” said everyone but Yosuke, who still looked hopelessly confused.
“It’s okay, Yosuke-kun,” Goro said. “I’m sure Yu will be happy to explain it to you. All you
need to do is—”
“Um!” Yosuke said loudly.
“Um?” Yu prompted hopefully.

Everyone watched with bated breath.
Yosuke pulled out his phone and laughed shakily. “Oh look, I have a… uh… call… I need to
take.”
Yosuke fled the room. Yu’s face fell. One second later, Yosuke poked his head back inside.
“Um, Yu-kun?” he said. “Do you wanna… talk… for a minute? The person on the phone…
wants to talk to you.”
Yu’s face lit up, and he left the room without another word.
Goro smirked, and Chie gave him a congratulatory high five.

Isshiki Futaba: I see the partners have FINALLY confessed their love for each other
Isshiki Futaba: they wont stop texting each other its enough to make me sick
Akechi Goro: spying on my messages is one thing, why are you spying on my friends
Isshiki Futaba: i was invested in the romance
Isshiki Futaba: but now its GROSS and i am done looking at their messages
Isshiki Futaba: bleh
Akechi Goro: perhaps this can be a lesson?
Isshiki Futaba: yes,,, i will no longer snoop on lovers. Only single people
Akechi Goro: that was… Not the lesson
Isshiki Futaba: ╮(︶▽︶)╭

Ryoji visited that Saturday, holding a wooden box tightly with both hands. Goro silently lead
him into his bedroom, and they sat down on the floor. After a long pause, Ryoji opened the
box.
“Sorry it took so long to get these to you,” Ryoji said apologetically. “We totally forgot the
last time we visited, and I think a part of us didn’t want to do anything else to acknowledge
he was gone.”
Ryoji removed the rolled-up knife case from the box and held it out with an awkward bow.
Goro silently took it and unrolled it onto the floor. Knives of various sizes sat in a careful
arrangement, each blade gleaming as if Shinjiro had polished them yesterday.
Goro once tried to use the very same meat knife in this case to slice vegetables.

Goro couldn’t breathe, much less speak. He silently rolled the knives back up and put them in
his drawer of important belongings. His glove, the one that shouldn’t even exist, sat on top of
Takeharu’s half-filled journal. Goro slammed the drawer shut forcibly.
“They don’t belong to me,” Goro said.
“I know.” Ryoji exhaled shakily. “But he thought you were the best choice to take care of
them.”
“I don’t give a damn about what he thought.” Goro slammed his hand against the dresser. “It
doesn’t change that he’s dead.”
“He lived his life to the fullest.”
“And he still died.” Goro’s voice cracked. “In spite of all our resolve to live, he still managed
to fuck that up and die.”
Ryoji said nothing.
“Isn’t the world supposed to reward virtue?” Goro asked. “How many times has our resolve
alone saved our skins? Saved you?”
“You know that’s not how the world works,” Ryoji said quietly.
Goro did know. He was furious he even mentioned good things happening to good people. It
was that same sort of garbage mentality that caused him to be so bitterly disappointed when it
wasn’t true.
“You’re right.” Goro needed to compose himself. “I’m sorry.”
“No worries,” Ryoji said with fake cheerfulness. “I would be lying if I said I haven’t thought
the same things.”
Desperate to get out of the stifling atmosphere, desperate to continue pretending that Shinjiro
was still alive in Iwatodai, Goro asked if Ryoji would like to see the army of snowmen
outside of Yosuke’s house. Ryoji brightened immediately.
“I haven’t seen a snowman in person before,” Ryoji said.
Without any further fanfare, Goro led Ryoji to Yosuke’s house. The snowmen had gotten
smaller since Goro last saw them, but they seemed to have multiplied in number.
For the first time that visit, Ryoji laughed. He crouched in front of the snowmen and gently
poked one of their pebbled eyes.
“Look at their cute little faces,” he said. “You said your friend did all this?”
“Yu and Yosuke probably helped.” Goro himself had made the snowman a few feet to Ryoji’s
left, but he wasn’t about to tell Ryoji that.

“Do they have names?” Ryoji asked.
“Why would they have names?”
“Why wouldn’t they have names?” Ryoji demanded. “This one is named Ryoji the second.”
Goro reluctantly helped Ryoji name all of the snowmen. Or, more accurately, attempt to name
all of the snowmen.
They were half-way through naming Akihiko the fifth when Teddie rolled in on his bicycle,
holding a bunch of balloons. It was a miracle he didn’t crush any snowmen as he skidded to a
stop.
“Oh!” Ryoji jumped to his feet. “You must be Teddie-kun.”
“That’s right!” Teddie said. He hopped off his bike. “Are you friends with Goro-kun?”
‘Yeah,” Ryoji said. “I was just admiring your snowmen.”
“Thank you!” Teddie pointed to the snowmen with lopsided hands. “Goro-kun made that
one!”
Ryoji grinned slyly. “Did he now?”
“There’s no need to make a big deal out of it,” Goro sputtered.
“Of course not,” Ryoji said, still grinning.
“I just got back from my beary important job,” said Teddie. “And I have a gift for you, Gorokun, so it’s lucky you’re here.”
“A gift?”
Teddie rummaged through his pockets and revealed a round pin with poorly written kanji
sprawled on it that said “flower gang.”
“Flower gang,” Goro said slowly, inspecting the pin’s metal back.
“I know the flowers we planted on the hill probably died when it snowed,” Teddie said. “But
when spring comes, I want to continue with our operations as soon as possible.”
“Operations?” Ryoji asked.
Teddie explained how his biker gang participated in the incredibly criminal activity of
growing flowers on a public property.
“Can I join?” Ryoji asked.
“Of course!” Teddie grabbed another pin from his pocket and handed it to Ryoji. “I made
extras for that very… reason…” Teddie’s expression changed suddenly.

“What’s wrong?” Goro asked.
“Mister…” Teddie said slowly. “Are you like me?”
Ryoji frowned. “Um, I don’t know what you mean.”
“He’s a shadow that created his own psyche,” Goro explained.
“Oh!” Ryoji siad. “Yes, then in that case, you are pretty similar to me. But how did you
know?”
“Your eyes are a weird glowy blue color, like mine!” Teddie said. “So you’re a shadow too?”
“Well technically speaking, I’m death given human form,” Ryoji’s eyes widened. “But not
anymore! I don’t think.”
“I’ve never met anyone like me before,’ Teddie said, obviously awestruck.
“Come to think of it, neither have I,” Ryoji admitted.
Goro gave Teddie and Ryoji space as they discussed the various struggles of being a
cognitive being thrust suddenly into the human world.
A little while later, after Goro’s fifth snowmen on the side edges of Yosuke’s yard, Teddie ran
up to him, beaming. “Goro-kun, Ryoji-san came up with the best joke ever.”
That couldn’t be good.
“What is it?” Goro asked.
Ryoji looked just as pleased as Teddie did. He stood on his tiptoes next to Teddie so that his
shadow fell over Teddie’s face.
“I’m overshadowing him,” Ryoji said.
Goro inhaled deeply as Teddie and Ryoji cackled at his expression.
“Get it?” Teddie asked eagerly. “Because we’re shadows?”
“I understood the joke,” Goro said. “That doesn’t change that it was terrible.”
Teddie mock pouted.” Aww, Goro-kun,” he said. “Why is there a shadow over your face?”
Goro immediately stood up so that Teddie would no longer be towering over him. “If you
think this is enough to make me laugh, you are sorely mistaken.”
“That’s okay,” Teddie said. “I know you secretly like them.”
Maybe he did. He still had no intention of admitting it. Or laughing.

Thou art I… and I am thou
The connection that you have nurtured has been transformed

Thy bond shall be the compass of redemption
and guide the way for thy heart

The power of the Aeon Arcana has been set free
Granting thee ultimate power

“Wait, wait, wait,” Ryoji said, sounding excited. “I got a good one.” He grabbed Goro’s wrist
and looked him straight in the eye. “Death has a hold on you.”
“I should have never introduced you two,” Goro said.
“You said that about Akira-kun too!” Teddie said cheerfully. He gasped. “Ryoji-kun! I should
introduce you to him! He’s also a pun pal!”
Goro was never going to know peace again, was he?

Nanako had returned from the hospital that Friday, but they agreed to have the party at Junes
on Sunday. Dojima could not attend as he wanted to resume work as soon as possible; Goro
couldn’t begrudge the man for wishing to resume making an income.
After the entire group congratulated Nanako of finally being free of the hospital after nearly
three months, Teddie suggested they play a game.
“I bet hide and seek would be fun to play in a store this big,” Kanji said.
“Oh, hide and seek!” Nanako said brightly. “I'm good at that! Both the hiding and the
seeking!” Her expression became suddenly more somber. “Oh… Big Bro, did you find me?”
Everybody glanced at each other anxiously. Just a few moments ago, Nanako had said she
didn’t remember anything that had happened when she was taken.
“Do you remember?” Yu asked gently.
“Not really…” Nanako scowled at her soda, but her expression quickly brightened. “But I
remember everyone coming to rescue me! You were all cool, like those heroes on TV!”

Both Teddie and Kanji teared up, and Goro allowed himself to have that small victory. He did
not cry, even if the very young child inside of him wanted to.
“Alright, then, let’s do it,” Yosuke said. “Junes hide-and-seek!”
“I’ll be the seeker,” Nanako declared.
“Maybe you should have a seeking buddy,” Yu said reluctantly.
“I can do it by myself,” Nanako said with a scowl.
“I’m sure I can hide in a spot where Nanako-chan will never find me,” Yosuke said. He
winked in Yu’s direction. Yu gave him a grateful nod.
Without any more hesitation, Nanako covered her eyes and began counting. Everyone
immediately jumped out of their chairs and dispersed. The only exception was Yosuke, who
slid underneath their table, barely two feet away from where Nanako was sitting.
Hiding spots were plentiful in Junes, even with Yosuke’s restriction of them sticking to the
electronics section. Goro had the added advantage of being smaller than almost everyone else
in the group. Goro managed to squeeze himself behind one of the large cardboard cutouts
displaying a promotion for the laptops.
Goro stood as still as possible, trying to keep his breathing silent. The space behind the
cardboard cutout wasn’t particularly dark, so why was he suddenly reminded of hiding in the
dark corner of a closet, desperately hoping Jin wouldn’t find him?
Blood rushed in Goro’s ears even as he heard Nanako declaring “found you!” to the other
members of the Investigation Team. Laughter floated above him as Goro tried to stay
focused.
He was at Junes. He was at Junes with Yu and the others. Nanako was looking for him.
Nanako would find him, but that was the point of the game. He didn’t need to be afraid of
Nanako finding him–
Nanako’s face appeared to his right. “Found you!”
Goro jumped, accidentally knocking the cardboard cutout forward. It fell to the ground
loudly, and blood rose to Goro’s face.
“Sorry,” Nanako said. “I didn’t mean to startle you.”
“It wasn’t your fault,” Goro said, forcing himself to exhale. His heartbeat was already
beginning to right itself, even if his balance felt uneven. “Congratulations on finding me.”
“Thank you!” Nanako said. “You were the last one to be found, so Yosuke-kun has a prize for
you!”
Goro glanced at Yosuke incredulously. “Does he now?”

Yosuke sighed. “Don’t look at me that way. It was her idea.”
Yosuke handed Goro a small Jack Frost keychain. Goro saw a bulge in Yosuke’s pocket that
indicated he had many more for any future rounds.
“It looks like my doll!” Nanako said.
“It certainly does,” Goro said. He bowed. “Thank you, Nanako-chan.”

Thou art I… and I am thou
The connection that you have nurtured has been transformed

Thy bond shall be the compass of redemption
and guide the way for thy heart

The power of the Sun Arcana has been set free
Granting thee ultimate power

“You were the best hider,” Nanako said. “But that means you have to be the seeker now.” She
giggled. “I found a really good hiding spot.”
“Well, don’t tell me,” Goro said. “Where should I start counting?”
“In the food court, like I did,” Nanako said.
Goro laughed. “Very well,” he said.

And then the dreaded day finally arrived.
Isshiki Futaba: todays the day
Isshiki Futaba: youd better not flake on me got that!
Isshiki Futaba: i had to pull a lot of strings to get here!!
Akechi Goro: im already there
Akechi Goro: as im sure you already know

Isshiki Futaba: that’s not the point
Isshiki Futaba: were going to be there in thirty minutes and youd better not move an INCH
Akechi Goro: im on a ski slope thats kind of a lot to ask
“Get off your phone, Goro-kun!” Rise snapped. “Senpai won’t race me anymore, so I need
someone else to compete against.”
Goro shoved his phone into his pocket and ignored how it buzzed angrily at him. As
dauntingly imminent as thirty minutes was, they had already agreed they wouldn’t have their
meeting until the evening. The sun wasn’t due to set for another two hours, which meant that
Goro should just try his best to enjoy himself before the dreaded conversation.
Those were Mitsuru’s words, not his.
“I don’t think you’ll find me much competition,” Goro said. Although he wasn’t doing quite
as dismally as Naoto-kun, who was still trying to inch her way down the hill, he wasn’t doing
nearly as well as some of the others.
“I don’t care,” Rise said. “I just want some motivation to go quickly.”
Goro raced Rise down the slope multiple times, but it did very little in the way of distracting
him from the three people who had surely arrived at the lodge by now. Had they noticed
Mitsuru sitting in the lobby, reading? Sakura had always been too observant for his own
good, had he noticed something was going on? Had Isshiki?
An hour before sunset, Goro pulled out his phone and checked his text messages.
Isshiki Futaba: ok weve arrived at hte quest location
Isshiki Futaba: next objective, dont be suspicious
Isshiki Futaba: did u know that each year 1 septillion snowflakes fall from the sky?
Isshiki Futaba: i bet u dont even know how many zeroes that is
Isshiki Futaba: oh shoot we’re actually gonna go skiing
Isshiki Futaba: red alert i dont know how to skii (;;;*_*)
Akechi Goro: figure it out
Isshiki Futaba: u r the worst
Isshiki Futaba: im more stressed about this meeting than i was when fighting Orstein and
Smough {{ (>_<) }}
Goro had long since given up trying to figure out what the hell Futaba was talking about most
of the time.

Akechi Goro: just play dumb if it goes to shit
Isshiki Futaba: LANGUAGE
Futaba wasn’t the one who killed Isshiki in a past life. She had nothing to be worried about.
It was Goro who might meet a gruesome end from Sakura, and that was assuming they even
believed him in the first place. Time travel was a tough enough pill to swallow when one
already knew the cognitive world existed. Somehow, Goro couldn’t picture Sakura buying it
for one second.
Goro wouldn’t have either.
As the sun was beginning to dip behind a cluster of snow-covered trees, everybody began
discussing returning to the lodge. Futaba continued her never-ending stream of text messages.
Was this a nervous habit?
Who was he kidding, of course it was. Goro recalled Futaba blowing up his phone with the
world’s most infuriating memes in the days preceding the day they attempted to steal Sae’s
heart.
Isshiki Futaba: operation steal phones is a-go
Isshiki Futaba: they left them sitting on the coffee table
Isshiki Futaba: i snatch them with my incredibly high-ranked stealth stat
Isshiki Futaba: i shove them underneath couch cushions
Isshiki Futaba: mission complete! <(￣︶￣)>
Akechi Goro: good job
Isshiki Futaba: alrite were going night skiing
Isshiki Futaba: ill text u when we coincidentally find that cabin to rest in
Isshiki Futaba: ud better be there or else
Goro pocketed his phone and glanced at Mitsuru, who was sitting quietly in the corner of the
living space they were gathered around. Only Yu had recognized her, and she said that she
simply wished to see Goro while also taking a break from her regular duties.
As the evening continued, the others decided to start telling each other ghost stories. Yosuke
elected himself to go first.
“Let’s see,” Yosuke said. “It was over three years ago. A friend of mine in middle school told
me this. It seems his sister went to a pretty prestigious private school, but she ended up
running with the wrong crowd. Supposedly, she and a bunch of other girls were bullying
another girl in their class. He said that she'd come home every night and laugh over the phone

with her friends about the kid they were harassing. One day, she suddenly came home with a
pale face. Ever since then, she started locking herself up in her room. No matter how much he
asked what was going on, she'd completely ignore him. But he could hear her
mumbling...She'd keep saying to herself: "It's my turn next"...”
Mitsuru and Goro gave each other a significant look. What were the odds that this story was
actually their own experience with Moriyama and Fuuka?
“My friend got worried, so he went to ask his sister's friends what was going on. But it turns
out… All her friends had passed out for mysterious reasons and had been taken to the
hospital...He was so scared that he didn't know what to do. That night, at around 11:30...
Suddenly his sister started screaming in her room! He ran into her room, and she was
covering her ears and repeating, "She's calling me! I can hear hear her...!” But my friend
couldn't hear anything, and soon, his sister rushed out of the house...The next morning, she
was found unconscious outside the school gates, just like her friends had been. In the end, she
was taken to the hospital and recovered, but when he asked the people at school what had
happened... It seems the girl they were bullying...was dead. They said that the girl must've
become a spirit that haunted them one by one…”
“She wasn’t dead,” Goro said. The similarities were too much to be ignored. “And it was
closer to two and a half years ago, not over three years ago. The incidents happened in May
of 2009.”
“Oh yeah?” Yosuke demanded. “How would you know that?”
“Because I was there,” Goro said. “It happened in Iwatodai along with the other worldending bullshit.”
“You mean ghosts are real?” Chie asked, shivering.
Goro’s phone began ringing, and Goro jumped to his feet. At this time of night, a phone call
could only mean one thing. He pulled out his phone and glanced at Futaba’s caller ID.
“Sorry,” Goro said. “I have to take this. I’ll be right back.”

Chapter End Notes

Bruh I almost forgot to post this.
Check out some lovely art!
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 88: February 11–March 10, 2012
Chapter Summary

You're telling me that persona 4 isn't DONE??? WHAT?

Chapter Notes

tw: ptsd, implied/referenced death, implied/referenced child abuse, violence, discussions
of suicide

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Goro left the room, and Mitsuru followed him. Futaba wouldn’t expect Goro to actually
answer the phone. It was her signal to inform Goro that they were heading to the isolated
cabin next to the lodge. In addition to the added privacy that the cabin would provide, there
was very little chance of there being any form of security or bugging in a cabin in the middle
of nowhere.
As Goro stepped outside into the freezing cold, he heard Isshiki’s voice to his right.
“Futaba, I know you like exploring, but is the middle of the night really the best time to be
breaking into someone’s cabin?”
“It’s the only time to be breaking and entering!” Futaba’s still incredibly young voice said. As
Goro and Mitsuru approached the cabin, Futaba swung the cabin door open. It’s hinges
screeched obnoxiously. “Oh. The doors not locked, so it’s only entering.”
“If you get arrested, I am not bailing you out,” Sakura said. While Futaba’s voice was vastly
different from the one Goro was familiar with, Sakura might as well have been taken out of a
time capsule. It was the same gruff tone with an underlying fondness that Goro had never
understood.
“It’ll be fine, Sojiro,” Wakaba said. Another person taken immediately out of a time capsule.
But of course, that was no surprise at all. It was only a little more than a year from this point
that she had died. “It can’t hurt to see what’s inside, right? Who knows, maybe there’ll be a
dimensional break into the cognitive world in there.”
“Seriously?” Sakura asked. “Your research has lead you to abandoned cabins in the
mountains?”

“Well, no,” Wakaba admitted as they stepped inside the cabin. “But cognitive pscience is so
fascinating, it has a terrible habit of surprising me. Before I thought that it was affected by the
collective unconscious, but now I’m developing a theory that each person has their own
cognitive world based on their own insecurities or distorted beliefs. Who knows? Maybe
someone sees this cabin as a source of their distortion?”
As Wakaba continued talking, Goro and Mitsuru finally made it to the entrance of the cabin.
The door was half-open, but Wakaba, Futaba, and Sakura’s flashlights served as the only
source of light in the dark space. Mitsuru already had the place searched for bugs before, but
Goro was surprised by how cluttered the place was. Did the lodge use it as storage? And if
so, why was it so poorly locked up?
“O-oh, I guess there’s nothing cool here after all,” Futaba said, her voice getting to be a
higher pitch. “Um, whoops?”
“I know that tone,” Wakaba said. Her back was to Goro and Mitsuru. “What are you hiding?”
Sakura had noticed them enter. He stared at them both with a suspicious glare, but most of
his attention was directed toward Mitsuru. “And does it have anything to do with the Kirijo
group?”
“I plead plausible deniability!” Futaba squeaked, hiding behind Wakaba.
“Isshiki-san, Sakura-san–” Mitsuru bowed. “—I know this may seem alarming, but we have a
situation of the utmost imperativeness to discuss with you.”
“Somehow, I’m not comforted,” Sakura said.
“What is it you want to discuss?” Wakaba asked, her own expression guarded.
Goro was spared any dramatics on his own part, because Futaba did not hesitate before
exclaiming, “You’re going to die!”
“What?” Sakura and Wakaba said at the same time.
Futaba pointed at Goro. “This guy says that you’re going to get killed by some politician!”
“Is that a threat?” Sakura asked, crossing his arms and glowering. Had he always been so
tall?
“Chill, Sojiro, the kid’s like ten,” Wakaba said.
“I’m thirteen,” Goro said, unable to stop himself.
“Oh no, I’m trembling,” Wakaba said. “And everyone here agrees that Shido is kind of
scummy–” Sakura scoffed “—but he’s funding my research lab, which is pretty rare
considering how theoretical cognitive pscience is–”
“What about he’s going to have you killed is so hard to understand?” Goro snapped. “As soon
as he has what he wants from you, it’s over, don’t you understand that?”

“That seems like a waste of resources,” Wakaba said. “What would he have to gain by killing
me? There’s no way I’m about to uncover all the mysteries of the cognitive world in a year.
Sorry, kid, but I’m going to need something more solid than a dramatic declaration.”
“You’ll outlive your usefulness,” Goro said, trying not to think about how he was quoting
Shido’s words exactly. “You’ll become obsolete.” In the face of the metanav and Goro’s
abilities, she couldn’t keep up. And while there was no guarantee Shido would find someone
who could use the Navi this time, the risk was too high to ignore. “You’ll realize that Shido is
going to lead Japan into ruin and refuse to give him your research, so he’ll take it by force.”
“You’re awfully familiar with this man,” Sakura said. “How do you know all this?”
“We have it under good authority that Shido Masayoshi will make an attempt on Isshiki-san’s
life by August of 2014,” Mitsuru said. “We want to help.”
“Who’s authority?” Sakura said. “Shido Masayoshi isn’t someone you just screw around
with. If you know something that serious, that means you’re no ordinary grunt. So just which
of your people managed to get in with Shido that Shido trusted him that much?”
“And you can’t fool me and say it’s the kid,” Isshiki said.
“You’re asking for confidential information,” Mitsuru said.
“Alright,” Sakura said. “How about some proof that Shido wants Wakaba dead. A recording,
maybe? A document? Because the way I see it, this is either some sort of trick, or you’re
working for Shido himself.”
“I’m already an extremely powerful individual,” Mitsuru said. “What could I possibly hope
to gain by allying with a representative, no matter how grand his aspirations are?”
“You tell me.”
“Hey, Goro-kun,” Futaba interrupted. Her voice was shaking, but she was staring at an old
television on the ground. “Is it true that you can go into TVs?”
“What the fuck?” Wakaba asked.
“What does that have to do with anything?” Goro demanded.
“Well, I mean, maybe you got secret information through TV travel, I don’t know,” Futaba
said. She crouched down and flicked the television screen. “I’ve been trying to enter the
television ever since I saw one of your friends mention it in a group chat, but it hasn’t been
working.”
Sakura sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. “Futaba, what have we talked about?”
“Um, don’t eavesdrop on random strangers who think that my mom is going to die in a year
because a politician may or may not be super evil?”
“He is,” Goro said.

“I’m definitely not his biggest fan,” Wakaba agreed. “What’s this about going into
televisions?”
Goro sighed and marched across the room. He wouldn’t enter, seeing as he had no idea where
he would end up, but he could at least put his hand in to demonstrate. Wakaba was already
aware of the potential of the cognitive world, and Sakura wasn’t one to abuse its power.
Perhaps it would make them more willing to listen to what he had to say.
Goro put his foot into the television, as it was far easier than crouching down and putting his
hand in. “You need to stop listening to my conversations,” he told Futaba as Sakura cursed at
the top of his lungs and Wakaba frantically searched the shed for a notepad.
“I’m sorry for eavesdropping,” Futaba said without a shred of remorse in her tone. “But in
my defense, WHY IS THERE A HAND COMING OUT OF THE TELEVISION?!”
Startled, Goro began to yank his leg out of the television, but a light-skinned hand had
already wrapped its fingers around his ankle. Goro shouted as the hand pulled his leg further
into the television. Futaba screamed as she grabbed Goro by the waist, trying to stop Goro
from being dragged in. Mitsuru launched herself across the room to hold Goro. Wakaba and
Sojiro both grabbed hold of Futaba.
“What the fuck is going on?!” Sakura shouted.
“I told you there might be a rift!” Wakaba screamed as the entire group continued to be
pulled in. Goro tried to claw at the hand’s tight hold, but to no avail.
“I’m too young to be dragged into a television!” Futaba cried. “There’s no way I’ll be the
main character like this!”
“Now is not the time to panic–” Mitsuru began to say, just as a violent yank caused them all
to topple into the television headfirst.
Goro opened his eyes and found himself staring face to face with a massive haniwa figure.
He stood up and looked around, trying to orient himself. If this was the TV world, it was
certainly different from what he was used to. The fog was hardly thick at all, and they were
surrounded by bamboo on all sides. Unless the presence of Futaba, Wakaba, Sakura, and
Mitsuru had created a dungeon, this was a unique situation indeed.
Mitsuru was already on her feet, inspecting one of the statues. “How odd…” she said. She
glanced at Goro. “This place is far nicer than I imagined it.”
“Ugh, my head,” Futaba sat up and rubbed her head. Sakura and Wakaba were also slowly
sitting up, looking extremely disoriented.
“What the hell just happened?” Sakura said.
Wakaba jumped to her feet, obviously thrilled. “We’re in the cognitive world, aren’t we?” she
asked. “No way a TV would eat us otherwise. Are we going to meet an alternate version of
ourselves here?”

“Well, this is a surprise,” Margaret said, appearing to Goro’s left.
“Margaret,” Goro said. “What the hell was that about?”
“You know this woman?” Mitsuru asked.
“Oh wow, you’re gorgeous, but kind of in an otherworldly kind of way,” Wakaba said,
writing notes. “Are you some being born of this world?”
“I apologize for the impolite invitation,” Margaret said, looking somewhat embarrassed. “I
confess that I thought you were with your usual group of friends, Goro-kun.”
“So there’s a reason you decided to drag us to this place?”
“Indeed,” Margaret said with a nod. “And, before you worry, there is no risk of your
companions meeting their shadows here.”
Wakaba groaned. Sakura and Futaba still looked very confused.
“Why would that be?” Mitsuru asked.
“I found this place while looking for your friend, Marie,” Margaret said. “This is the
hollowed forest. It’s a ‘closed realm’ created by her in the TV world, which means that the
same rules that govern the rest of the TV world do not preside over this place.”
“A closed realm, huh?” Wakaba muttered. “Fascinating.”
“Please tell me I’m dreaming,” Sakura said.
Futaba poked Goro. “Is Marie your girlfriend?” she asked, wearing a shit-eating grin.
“Absolutely not,” Goro said.
“Marie’s the Velvet Room resident who was suspected to be responsible for this world,
correct?” Mitsuru asked. “Does that have something to do with why she’s sealed herself off?”
“Do you guys go into the cognitive world regularly?” Wakaba asked Goro and Mitsuru. “Can
you only enter the cognitive world through televisions? What does this chick have to do with
things?”
“I do not know the full extent of Marie’s situation,” Margaret told Mitsuru. She turned to
Wakaba. “And I am a resident of this side.”
“But what do you do–”
“Can we please stay on task?” Goro snapped. “I’ll tell the others Marie is here, alright?” He
turned to Wakaba and Sakura. “Can we please continue discussing your retirement from your
lab and by extension Shido’s attention?”
“Um, you said it yourself,” Wakaba said. “One does not simply retire from Shido.”

“I don’t think now’s the time to be memeing, Mom,” Futaba said.
“Futaba-chan, take it from your mother, a time of crisis is the best time to be meming,”
Wakaba said. “And besides, just because you can go into the cognitive world doesn’t mean
that Shido wants to kill me. Seriously, if you want me to help your own research, you should
have led with this.”
“You still don’t believe me?” Goro demanded.
“Mind you, I’m still convinced I’m dreaming,” Sakura said, crossing his arms. “But just
because we’ve fallen into a television doesn’t lend any validity to your earlier claims.”
“What do you want me to tell you?” Goro asked. “I used to work for Shido, yes. I don’t have
any physical proof except for my own memories, and I didn’t want Futaba to get involved.
But I swear, the only thing I want is to prevent another unnecessary death.”
“I thought we already established that Shido doesn’t hire thirteen-year-olds,” Sakura said.
“Not yet, at least,” Wakaba said. “And what’s this about another unnecessary death? Has he
done something like this before?”
“This is the part where he reveals he’s a time traveler,” Futaba said. Everyone stared at
Futaba with dumbstruck expressions. Futaba shrugged. “I’m just saying. If this were a fanfic,
he’s probably going on some redemptive journey to make up for the sins of his past, and he
died and time traveled to before it all began so that he has a fresh start to make everything
right.”
“What’s fanfic again?” Sakura asked.
“I don’t think the cognitive world does time travel redemption arcs,” Wakaba said. “That’s a
bit of a stretch.”
“Oh, come on!” Futaba protested. “We can be eaten by television and talk to other versions of
ourselves if we weren’t in a sealed realm, but we can’t do time travel redemption arcs?”
“I have no idea what she’s talking about, but even I can tell she has a point,” Sakura said.
Wakaba glanced at Mitsuru and Goro suspiciously. “Why aren’t you guys denying the time
travel thing?”
Goro wasn’t sure he had any way to prove that he was actually a time traveler, but it might be
his only chance at convincing Wakaba that he wasn’t full of shit.
“Because that would be lying,” Goro said.
“For real?” Futaba demanded, her face lighting up.
“Trust me, you would know when I was lying,” Goro said.

“Wait a minute, time travel, seriously?” Sakura sputtered as Futaba cheered and did a victory
dance. “You can’t expect us to believe something like that!”
“You were just defending it a few minutes ago,” Wakaba said.
“From a theoretical standpoint! Not in real life!”
“I don’t expect you to believe it,” Goro said. “That’s why I didn’t bring it up. Now, would
you like me to recite all of my sins until you start to believe me, or can I give you the spark
notes version of it?”
“How did you time travel?” Wakaba asked.
“I don’t know,” Goro said.
“You don’t know?” Wakaba demanded. “There wasn’t a defining moment–”
“Okay, fine, I died, next?” Goro snapped.
“Goro-kun,” Mitsuru said softly. “You don’t have to do this.”
“You died,” Sakura said doubtfully.
“It really is like the fanfics,” Futaba whispered.
“You don’t have to believe me,” Goro said. “But you are literally inside a television, and yes,
this is the cognitive world. I assure you that the Kirijo group would be more than happy to
fake your death and provide you a safe work environment to study the cognitive world.”
“Faking someone’s death isn’t just a picnic with roses,” Wakaba said. “I’d say go ahead if it
was just me at stake, but what about Futaba? I can’t force her into a life of hiding and
scientific exploration.”
“What are you talking about?” Futaba demanded. “That would be fricking amazing.”
“Your education and future is important, young lady,” Wakaba said. “We’re not faking your
death on my account.”
“Ugh.”
“I confess I assumed Sakura-san would take custody,” Goro said.
“Wait, me?” Sakura asked, his eyes widening.
Futaba’s eyes widened. “Does that mean curry all day, every day?” she asked.
“You’re that easily sold out?” Wakaba asked.
“Well, no…” Futaba said slowly. “But you’re going to die if you don’t go with Kirijo-san,
and curry would make me feel a lot better about maybe not seeing you ever again.”

“It would only be temporary,” Mitsuru said. “Although ideally we’ll find a way to put a stop
to Shido’s operations sooner, we have it under good authority that he will face justice within
the next five years.”
“Who’s authority?” Sakura snorted. “The time traveling kid? I hope you realize how absurd
this all sounds.”
“But better safe than sorry, right?” Futaba pleaded.
Wakaba sighed. “Futaba, when this is all over, we’re going to have a serious discussion about
trusting people you meet online.” She crossed her arms and looked at Mitsuru and Goro.
"You're sure that Shido wants me dead?"
Goro swallowed. "Yes."
"And you're sure that me disappearing is the best way to avoid it?"
"If he thinks you're still alive, you'll be at risk, even if you leave him," Mitsuru affirmed.
"Wakaba, you can't really be going along with this..." Sakura said slowly.
"You and I both know that Shido's been getting a bit too big for his britches recently,"
Wakaba said seriously. "And if he figurs out how to use a place like this to his advantage, and
he wants me dead, then I'm screwed and you know it."
"And we're going to believe these guys?"
"We're literally standing inside a TV!" Futaba protested. "And these guys aren't freaking out
at all! I think they know what they're talking about."
"I'm on Futaba's side on this one," Wakaba agreed. She gave Sakura a meaningful look. "It's
going to be okay."
Sakura sighed and massaged his eyes. "Fine... if you think this is what's best, then... I trust
you."
"Thank you." Wakaba looked at Mitsuru. "Alright, Kirijo-san. What do you want me to do?"
Goro almost passed out from sheer relief.
"We can continue to make the necessary arrangements once I return to Iwatodai," Mitsuru
said, smiling slightly. "For now, I would pretend we never had this conversation and continue
your life as normal. When it's time to move forward, I'll come to you."
Sakura crossed his arms. "You people aren't going to cut any corners, got that? If anything
happens to Wakaba after we go through this effort, then--"
"We will protect her with our lives," Mitsuru said fiercely. "You have my word."
"So... we're good?" Futaba asked slowly, still looking a little apprehensive.

"We're good. I think," Wakaba said. She turned to Margaret. "Pretty lady, do you think you
could answer more of my questions about this place?"
Margaret opened her mouth, looking slightly surprised, but Goro interjected.
"I think we should return to the lodge," he said. "We've been here too long, and if anyone is
watching us, I don't want them to be alerted of suspcious behavior."
"They might just think we're lost in the snow," Wakaba said with a small pout. She slumped.
"But you're right, I suppose. Next time?"
"We'll see," Margaret said vaguely. "Allow me to show you the exit."
Margaret lead them to the exit, and while the others left, she pulled Goro aside.
“Please bring your friends in here as soon as possible,” Margaret told Goro before he left.
“This is a closed realm, and if you do not find Marie soon, I’m afraid it will be lost to us
forever. And with it, all of our memories of Marie’s existence.”
As tactless Marie could be on her best days, Goro didn’t wish to forget she existed either.
Goro didn’t want anything messing with his mind.
“Where were you?” Yosuke asked when Goro returned to the lodge. He was the only one
sitting in the lobby. “We were getting kind of worried, but Yu said he saw Kirijo-san go out
with you.”
“We went on a walk,” Goro said.
“Uh huh,” Yosuke said doubtfully. “Fine, don’t tell me. Just try not to get shot this time?”
“I think I can manage that for now,” Goro said.
“I don’t like the sound of that for now.”
“It’s the best you’re going to get.” Goro sighed. “Besides, I have something I need to discuss
with the rest of the group, but I think it can wait until morning.”
“Care to share?”
Goro explained that Margaret had found Marie. Still worried that one of Shido’s people
would be listening in due to Wakaba’s presence at the lodge, Goro kept the details of the TV
world as sparse as possible. Yosuke caught onto Goro’s censoring.
“I see… well, let’s see if we can find her tomorrow, when the sun’s out,” Yosuke said. “The
others are probably sleeping anyway.”
“Fine by me,” Goro said. If time was so short that they had less than a day to rescue Marie,
Margaret really should have been much clearer in her instructions.

“Goro-kun, Goro-kun!” Futaba said, running toward him from around the corner. Yosuke’s
eyes widened at her sudden appearance. She waved a Nintendo DS in Goro’s face. “Watch
me play Animal Intersection as you tell me all about the future in gaming.”
“What–”
But Futaba was already grabbing his arm and dragging him to her room.
“Um, do you need help?” Yosuke asked.
“I’m sure I’ll live,” Goro said with a sigh. “But if I don’t, you can find Margaret in that cabin
next to the lodge.”
Goro spent the next hour telling Futaba what little he remembered about modern video games
while Futaba inspected his “insultingly old” phone and probably planted a listening device in
it. Goro pretended not to notice and continued talking about new video game consoles.
Futaba was simultaneously thrilled and unimpressed with his knowledge.
“The graphics are better,” Goro said.
“How better?”
“Extremely realistic.”
“Have they released Castle Hearts III?”
“I’m sorry, what?” Goro asked.
“What about the Ultimate Fantasy VII remake?”
Goro frowned. He vaguely remembered Futaba complaining about the lack of some sort of
game that started with Ultimate Fantasy. But that didn’t exactly narrow it down.
“I don’t think so,” he said. Better not to get her hopes up.
Futaba wailed, flopping headfirst onto the ground. “Oh cruel world!” She cried. “Do you
know no mercy?!” She sat up suddenly. “Wait. There’s still hope. What year are you, um,
predicting right now?”
“2017.” Goro highly doubted any of Shido’s goons cared about video game discussions,
much less believed Goro was actually from 2017.
Futaba returned to her previous position on the floor and began to fake sob.
“Futaba, are you still awake?” Wakaba’s voice asked from the other side of the door. “Leave
poor Akechi-kun alone and go to sleep.”
“Ugh, fine.” Futaba got up and sighed. “I suppose I will have to endure this burden with as
much strength as I can muster. Even if I am thirty before either of those games come out.”

“I’m sure you’ll survive.”
“This does not sound like going to bed to me,” Wakaba said.
“I’m working on it!” Futaba returned his phone, pushed Goro out the door, and slammed it
shut behind him. Goro found himself standing less than a foot away from Wakaba.
“Hi there,” Wakaba said.
Goro took two large steps away from her and bowed. “I apologize for taking her time.”
“Don’t even start,” Wakaba said. “I know she dragged you into that. She’s like me in that
way.” Wakaba chuckled. “She’s like me in a lot of ways, actually.”
Goro swallowed. “She’s a good kid.”
“Didn’t know kids had the legal right to say that,” Wakaba said with a wink. “Or wait…
maybe you’re an adult at heart? Can I guess the age?”
“You can try.”
“Um… let’s see…” Wakaba began muttering under her breath. “Kirijo-san said five years
from now, which means that he’s at least five years from the future, but he acts older than 18,
and I don’t know when or how far back he was taken, so…” She smiled and said with
confidence. “How about 25?”
“I’d say I’ve lived closer to 22 years. My actual mental age is up to debate, seeing as
biologically I’m still only thirteen. I don’t know if time travel impacted how developed my
brain is in comparison to an average thirteen-year-old.”
“Wait, seriously?” Wakaba asked. “I have so many questions, but I guess they have to wait.”
“I’d be more than happy to help on another date,” Goro said.
“Oh yeah?” Wakaba asked. “You’re gonna regret that.”
“What’s another one on the list?”
“Fair point,” Wakaba said. “Well, toodles. Maybe if you’re lucky, Sojiro will make you and
your friends curry tomorrow morning.”

They were not lucky. Sojiro didn’t have enough ingredients for an additional ten teenagers.
Goro couldn’t blame him.
Trusting Mitsuru to take care of the rest, Goro joined the others in the TV world to speak to
Margaret. Margaret summarized everything she explained to Goro. Apparently, Marie had
sealed herself off in the TV world in the hopes of erasing all memory of her existence. They
had a very limited amount of time to rescue her before she succeeded.

“But why would she do this?” Yukiko asked.
“We did suspect that she had something to do with the fog,” Naoto said. “But when we
defeated Ameno-Sagiri, the fog went away. Could it be there really is more at play than we
realize?”
“Well, the TV world hasn’t gone away,” Yosuke said. “That alone seems kind of odd, if
Ameno-Sagiri was the one who created it.”
“I guess we have no choice but to investigate,” Yu said. “Maybe Marie will shed some light
on the subject.”
Not having any of their supplies, they packed their bags and returned to Inaba on the bus. The
ride was only approximately an hour long, so everyone briefly dispersed to remove their
clothes from their suitcases and replace them with weapons and medicine before getting back
on the bus. If the driver noticed that they still had their suitcases for no discernable reason,
they didn’t say anything. Maybe they just didn’t care.
It turned out they had wasted all of their time, however. Because as soon as they entered
Marie’s dungeon, all of their items disappeared from their pockets as though they were never
there to begin with.
“What the hell just happened to our stuff?” Kanji asked, patting down his pockets in
confusion. “I swear I had a ton of candy in here a second ago.”
“It must have had something to do with the poem Marie-chan just recited!” Rise said.
“Marie-chan just said, ‘I don't need anything. I just walk by myself’...No way...This place is
being affected by Marie-chan's denial...?”
“This place… is already the absolute worst,” Yosuke said. He glanced at Yu. “Are we sure we
can manage this?”
“We have our personas,” Yu said, his face hardening with resolve. “And we have to save
Marie.”
To make things even better, as soon as they defeated a random shadow, Goro felt as though
half of his energy had been drained suddenly from him.
“Um, why am I so tired?” Chie asked, yawning.
“Marie’s cognition must be trying to prevent us from getting any further,” Naoto said. “How
fascinating. This place seems more like one of Goro-kun’s palaces than the dungeons we’ve
explored before.”
“I think some of the items we’ve found in the chests in this area can help with the fatigue,”
Rise said.
“You mean these seeds?” Teddie asked, already eating a mouthful. “They’re really tasty.”
“Save some for the rest of us, man!” Yosuke snapped.

Teddie’s face fell. “Sorry,” he said with his mouth full.
“Can we eat the branches?” Yukiko asked. It would be a ridiculous question, but they had
eaten stranger things in the metaverse.
“No, those take you back to the start I think,” Rise said. “Like goho-ms.”
“Well, that gives us an opportunity to regroup, at least,” Yu said. “Let’s keep moving forward
for now, but if anyone needs a break, don’t hesitate to say so.”
When they arrived on the next floor, another one of Marie’s poems echoed around them.
Goro cringed. Not only were the poems… less than masterful, but it was also an extreme
breach in privacy. Marie was so defensive of her poems before that he doubted she wanted
them to hear them now, even if she was trying to erase herself from existence.
Another floor. Another poem. Another floor. Another poem.
On approximately the seventh floor, the group finally ran into Marie. Contrasting distinctly
with her usual black and blue color scheme, a massive white robe covered the red dress she
was wearing. But perhaps the most noticeable detail was her bright teal eye. It looked like a
camera lens.
“I can’t believe it,” Marie said, looking stunned by everyone’s arrival. “Why’d you come?
Why?”
“Why do you think?” Chie asked. “I don’t know why you locked yourself up in here, but we
don’t care! We want to help you!”
Marie was not impressed.
“You thought that I was in danger, didn't you? That I might get killed by the Shadows. ...It'd
be better that way. This is a grave...my grave. I'm going to die here.”
“We’re not going to let that happen,” Yu said.
Marie laughed bitterly. “You don’t even know who I am?”
“It’s true then?” Goro asked. “Do you have something to do with the existence of this
world?”
Marie turned around and bowed her head.
“Marie-chan, we don’t care if you helped create the fog,” Rise said. “We just want to help
you–”
“That’s not my name,” Marie snapped. “Marie… that’s not who I am.”
“Then who are you?” Naoto asked.

“I remember...I remember everything. My real name is ‘Kusumi-no-Okami.’ You guys fought
Kunino-sagiri and Ameno-sagiri, right? I'm the same as them. I'm your enemy, one of the
ones who covered your town with fog.”
Goro remembered Ameno-sagiri clearly enough. But Kunino-sagiri…
“Wait a minute,” Yosuke said. “Are you talking about that freaky shadow that came out of
Namatame?”
“That was a Sagiri?” Naoto asked, alarmed. “There’s more than one?”
“Yes,” Marie said. “It was my role to sneak into the world of man and inform the Sagiri what
‘the wish of the people’ was. That's why I'm the only one of them that looks human...Even
without my memory, my body fulfilled my role. In your words, I'm a spy.”
“Does that mean… the reason Ameno-Sagiri thought humanity wanted to be lost to the fog…
it was because of you?” Yukiko asked.
“But you didn’t remember anything,” Yu said. “You can’t blame yourself for unwittingly
helping someone.”
“You still don’t understand anything,” Marie said. “If I don’t die here, your world will
disappear. So please, just leave me alone.”
Marie disappeared, leaving everyone with the startling revelation.
“So Tsuyoshi was correct after all,” Naoto said. “Marie-chan did have something to do with
the fog.”
“But what the hell was all that about our world disappearing?” Kanji asked.
“And if there are a ton of those Sagiri guys, who’s in charge of them?” Yosuke asked. “I
mean, they’re all working together, but wouldn’t one of them be the leader?”
“Whoever the leader is, it’s safe to assume we haven’t met them,” Goro said. “They’re
probably connected to the presence of this world.”
“I’m sorry, I’m with Kanji-kun,” Chie said. “Can we please loop back to the fact that if we
save Marie-chan, the world might go away?”
“She is one of those monsters,” Naoto said. “She might have a valid reason for sealing herself
away.”
“Seriously?” Rise demanded. “We’re not going to leave Marie to die. She might be wrong!”
“We don’t have all of the answers,” Yu agreed. “Let’s keep going in until we figure out
exactly what’s going on.”

Many more floors and battles later, they finally arrived at the final area. Marie stood in front
of a coffin in a large, cavernous room. She glowered at them when they arrived.
“I thought I told you to leave me alone!” she shouted. “Don’t you understand that I’m the
enemy?”
“We need more answers,” Yu said.
Marie’s shoulders slumped. “Oh. Right. You guys seek the truth, don’t you? But I’m so
tired… I just want to end it all.”
“You might think there’s no other way out, but that doesn’t mean there isn’t,” Goro snapped.
“Just explain what’s going on.”
“The other two Sagiri have been defeated,” Naoto said. “Unless there is another, that should
mean you’re free–”
“Free?” Marie scoffed. “Is that what you think? I’m not like you. I don’t have freedom.”
“What do you mean?” Yu asked.
Marie explained that her role as a Sagiri was not just to spy on humanity. She also served a
purpose in controlling the fog. When all of the fog in Inaba disappeared, she absorbed it, and
now she had a torrent of fog raging within her. In disappearing, she hoped to make the fog
disappear with her.
Nobody liked that plan. Marie was determined to stick to it.
“If you’re not going to leave now, I’m going to make you leave by force,” Marie said.
“Please, try to understand.”
Marie began to launch attacks at them. They stayed on the defensive, using status effects on
Marie to get her to give it up already.
Eventually, she did.
“It doesn't matter what happens to me...You're stupid...Hurting yourselves like that. If my
death keeps you from being happy, what am I dying for!?”
“Has it occurred to you that there’s another way to get rid of the fog inside of you?” Goro
asked. “A way to contain it?”
“B-but… I have to… I can’t keep living like this,” Marie whispered.
“We can help you,” Yu said. “We can beat this thing together.”
Teddie nodded. “Don't worry. It'll be okay. I used to be just a Shadow, too. But even I could
change… so I’m sure you can too!”

“What if there is no other way?!” Marie demanded. “What if the only way to save the world
is for me to die?! You can’t seriously be stupid enough to save me just to ruin everyone else’s
lives!”
“You’re afraid!” Goro shouted back, tired of this constant back and forth. “You’re too afraid
to face the truth, so you’d rather disappear from the world entirely!”
“So what?” Marie asked. “It would be better for everyone if I just disappeared!”
“I am speaking from experience when I say that death is not the solution,” Goro said. “And
neither is running from people who care about you.”
“You don’t–” Marie clutched her head. “Ugh!”
“Marie-chan?” Yosuke asked.
When Marie next spoke, it was obvious the person speaking wasn’t Marie at all. “That's
right...There is no need for the truth. Ignorance is bliss...There will be no pain if you never
try to find out…”
“That voice… that’s not Marie-chan!” Yukiko exclaimed.
Yosuke frowned. “Is that what she meant by her mind being overpowered by the fog?! Hey!
Snap out of it!”
“Just stay away from me!” Marie pleaded.
“No! Goro’s right. There has to be a way to get rid of the fog without getting rid of you,”
Yosuke said.
“It’s impossible,” Marie said. “There's no way. If we waste any more time, the fog will take
me over and be set free...If that happens, I won't be able to take my own life. I'll become a
monster…”
“And if we defeat that?” Yu asked.
“What?” Marie asked.
“Are you saying we should wait for Marie-chan to be controlled by the fog, and then defeat
her!?” Rise asked.
“Um, what would happen to her if we did that?” Kanji asked.
“It might work…” Marie muttered. She nodded. “I'll put my mind to sleep before the fog
overpowers it. Of course, the fog will then take over my body, but my mind will still be safe,
beneath it. ...The rest comes down to luck, I guess. Which will give out first: the fog, or my
life?”
“If you think we’re going to lose to some fog, you don’t know us at all,” Goro said.

"I don't know... isn't that kind of a risky gamble?" Yosuke asked.
"Do you have any better ideas?" Chie demanded.
Yu hesitated before saying, "I say we try it."
Marie nodded. "Alright... if you're so desperate to save me... then fine, I won't stop you."
Marie closed her eyes, inhaled, and released the monster within her. Her form shifted into a
large dark figure surrounded by red robes. A creepy eye took over its entire face. It barely
hesitated before launching a barrage of physical attacks. Yu immediately started barking out
orders in response.
The battle was difficult, but the plan worked almost flawlessly. They defeated Kusumi–
Sangiri and returned Marie to her ordinary self. Naturally, no sooner than they confirmed that
Marie was still alive did the ground beneath them begin to shake, much to their alarm.
"Sorry, I forgot to mention," Marie said, still slumped over and exhausted. "I don't need this
place anymore, so it's going to disappear."
Thanks for the warning.
They made a break for the exit, and Goro was suddenly reminded of the old days of fleeing
crumbling palaces. The Investigation Team screamed in the same way the Phantom Thieves
did as they sprinted faster and faster away from falling boulders. Fortunately, even with Kanji
carrying Marie on his back, they made it out of the world relatively unscathed.
After catching their breath inside the cabin, Naoto stood up and said, “Marie-chan, I know
that today has been especially harrowing, but there is something we have to ask.”
“Oh, okay,” Marie said. “What’s up?”
“We’ve been wondering if there was something that was like your boss?” Yosuke asked.
“We’ve defeated all the Sagiris, probably, but was someone in charge of them all?”
“In charge…” Marie frowned, furrowing her eyebrows. “Well… I guess I did hear a voice
when I let the fog take over my body. Um, what did it say...? ‘Humans don't want to know the
truth. What they truly desire is a peaceful world filled with fog’...Something like that,
anyway.”
“That’s cheerful,” Kanji said sarcastically.
“Did it sound like anyone you knew?” Yu asked.
“Well, it sounded like me,” Marie said, looking perturbed. “I don’t know… maybe I’m
misremembering. It also could have been the same voice I heard when you defeated Amenosagiri and the fog flowed into me. I’m sorry; I’m really not sure.”
“If it’s happened twice, it might be more than just a coincidence,” Goro said.

“I guess we could try to ask around town when we get back,” Yukiko said. “But what are the
chances that the source of the TV world is just sitting around town?”
“We won’t know unless we try,” Yu said. “I don’t know about you, but I really want to put
my days of fighting fog monsters behind me.”
“I’d drink to that,” Kanji said. He cleared his throat. “If I could drink, obviously.”

The following day, after school, they sat down in Yosuke’s house and tried to think of where
they could even possibly begin in their investigation.
“It’s not just the TV world we’re investigating,” Naoto said. “But who was the one granting
the power to enter the TV to begin with?”
“Who even originally had the power to begin with?” Yosuke asked.
“Namatame, Yu, and Adachi,” Goro said.
“Not Kubo?” Rise asked.
“Adachi pushed Kubo in,” Yu said, shaking his head. “He was a red herring.”
“So we just have to find a source of commonality between those three individuals,” Naoto
said, frowning.
“Well, they were all kind of new to Inaba, right?” Yosuke asked. “I mean, Yu and Namatame
obviously arrived around the same time, but even Adachi was pretty new at that point. He
came after I moved here.”
“Seriously?” Chie asked.
“But Goro-kun didn’t get the power, and he was new,” Yukiko said.
“Maybe he was too late to the punch,” Kanji said.
“Perhaps there was a trigger?” Goro suggested. He directed his attention toward Yu. “When
you arrived, did anything strange happen?”
“Um, I don’t think so,” Yu said. “It was almost a year ago now, though, so I could have
forgotten.”
“Do you think you could ask your uncle?” Yosuke asked.
Yu called Dojima and put him on speakerphone.
“Hey Yu,” he said. “What’s going on?”
“Dojima-san, do you remember if anything strange happened the day I arrived here?” Yu
asked.

“The day you first came to town...? Hmm, let's see...We were the first ones to greet you,
right? Did we stop somewhere on the way home...? I don’t know about anything strange
happening.” Dojima’s voice became sharper. “Why are you asking this?”
“It’s nothing to worry about,” Yu said.
“Nothing to worry about my ass,” Dojima said. “Don’t tell me there’s something else you
kids are worrying about.”
“We’re just trying to pinpoint the source of the TV world,” Naoto said. “It’s nothing to be
concerned about.”
Dojima’s loud exhale sounded like he strongly disagreed. “Fine. Just… please stay safe,
alright?”
“Don’t worry, Dojima-san,” Yu said. “We will.”
He hung up.
“Well?” Yosuke asked. “Do you remember going anywhere on your way to the house?”
“I think we stopped for gas,” Yu said. “Oh wait! I can’t believe I forgot, but this gas station
attendant shook my hand. I remember thinking it was really weird.”
“Gas station attendant?” Yosuke asked. “What gas station attendant?”
“You know…” Yu waved his hands in the air vaguely. “I think they were blonde?”
“But I thought only an older couple worked at the gas station,” Chie said.
“Yeah, I’ve never met anyone matching your description, I don’t think,” Yukiko said, looking
equally confused.
“Wait a minute…” Goro said. Yu’s testimony sparked a memory of his own. “I think I know
who you’re talking about.”
“You do?” Yu asked hopefully.
“You do?” Kanji asked with a doubtful tone.
“It was when I first arrived at Inaba myself,” Goro said. The memory was hazy at best. “Did
they tell me about the midnight channel? I remember something about them not feeling
right.”
“How strange,” Naoto said.
Yosuke clapped his hands together. “Well, I guess we’re on the hunt for a gas station
attendant, right? How hard can that be?”

Very hard, as it turned out. Despite asking practically everyone in town, even the people who
vaguely remembered the person they were describing had no idea where the attendant lived.
“Are you sure you didn’t make them up?” Yosuke asked Yu.
“Goro remembers them too!” Yu said defensively. “And so does Nanako!”
“Enough people remember them,” Goro said. “They almost certainly exist. We just have to
figure out where to find them.”
“Easier said than done,” Rise said grimly.

They didn’t find anything until the snow melted at the beginning of March. Every day, Goro
checked the gas station. Every day, nobody was there.
“What is with your obsession with the gas station?” Akira asked in confusion after Goro
insisted upon yet another detour on their way back from school.
“It’s hard to explain,” Goro said.
“My uncle says that you should just give up when I told him about this,” Akira said. “But I
don’t even know what you’re trying to do.”
Tsuyoshi didn’t like what he was doing? Good.
“I’m looking for a part time job,” Goro said. “But the person who suggested it to me is never
around.”
“Maybe they weren’t actually an employee,” Akira said.
“Maybe,” Goro said doubtfully.

"I'm sorry for all the trouble I caused for you," Marie told Goro as he walked by the Velvet
Room one day when he went to check the gas station.
"What are you talking about?" Goro asked, stopping in his tracks to give Marie a quizzical
look.
Marie crossed her arms and looked away awkwardly. "You know... I made you and Yu rescue
me... I still can't believe you would do something so risky. And then, after all that, I can't
even remember who the one really behind the fog is."
Goro frowned. "Marie-chan. That's not your fault. And you didn't make Yu and the others do
anything. We wanted to help you."

"I know that." Marie rolled her eyes. "I just... I feel bad, I guess. Especially after everything
Yu and you have done for me. I mean, you even bought me that journal, and took me out to
beef bowls, and I was just... willing to end all of that. All because I was afraid."
"Marie..." Goro swallowed. He hadn't realized that he meant that much to Marie, but now he
felt sorry that he hadn't spoken with her about this sooner. "I know what it's like to feel like
you're causing more problems than solutions. I know how it feels to think you're better off
gone."
"Is that right?" Marie frowned. "How did you... how did you get through it?"
"I eventually realized that people care about me, I guess." Goro clenched his fists and stared
at the patterns on the Velvet Room door. "It's still hard sometimes, but... I realized that it's
better to face my mistakes, to continue living and work to be better, than to give up on this
earth entirely. I know my situation isn't exactly comparable to yours, but..."
"No, I get it." Marie nodded. "I was really scared when I thought the fog within me was
going to destroy everything. But more importantly, I was afraid of hurting the people I cared
about. I'm still... I'm still a little afraid of that, if I'm being honest."
Goro gave her a small smile despite some of the heaviness in his chest. "Me too."
"Well, it's good to know that there are people out there that feel the same way," Marie said,
returning Goro's smile. "And I know I didn't really say this before, but... thank you. For
saving me. Even when I begged you guys not to."
"Of course." A strange, bitter warmth twisted up in Goro's insides. "That's what friends are
for, right?"
"Friends, huh?"
"You've stopped insulting Theo for a living, so I think we can consider each other that."
"Alright." Marie's smile grew slightly. "I guess that's fair."

The first Sunday of March, it began to pour outside. Goro was more than reluctant to go
check on the gas station when the attendant was not at all likely to be there. He worked on his
homework instead. Hopefully, the rain would begin to let up.
Instead, he received a phone call from Yu.
“So,” Yu said. “I found our gas station attendant.”
Goro jumped to his feet immediately, causing his chair to fall behind him. “You what?”
“I’ll explain everything in the TV world,” Yu said. “Can you tell Kanji while I gather the
others?”

They met Yu in the front entrance of the TV world. Immediately, Rise shuddered.
“Why do I sense a super powerful presence?” she asked. “Don’t tell me that’s the gas station
attendant?”
“That’s what I want to explain,” Yu said.
Apparently the gas station attendant was not a gas station attendant at all. She was Izanami,
who created the TV world and granted Adachi, Yu, and Namatame the power to enter it with
a simple handshake. She put the Sagiris inside of Namatame and Adachi, and to make things
extra convoluted, and even more confusing for Goro, Marie was a part of Izanami that broke
off from the whole.
"Wait, wait, wait," Kanji interrupted. "You're telling me that the weird gas station attendant
that almost nobody has heard of... is a freaking god?"
"Pretty much," Yu said.
"And she made the TV world, and the freaky eyeball monster guys, and shook your hand to
give you TV entering powers," Kanji continued.
"Yep again."
"And Marie is her not-evil twin?"
Naoto put a hand to her chin, looking somewhat confused herself. "No, judging from Yu and
Marie's combined testimonies, I assume Marie was a part of Izanami that originally served as
a spy for her but grew her own conciousness somehow."
"When you asked me the true cause of the fog, I could have never predicted this outcome,"
Goro muttered. "And I knew a seventeen-year-old who was actually Death. And lived in my
friend's body for ten years."
"Uh, do we know this story?" Rise asked.
"As interesting as that is, let's stay on task... like the super freaky gas station attendant of
legend," Chie said forcefully.
"This is so weird," Yosuke muttered.
"It was admittedly alarming when the gas station attendant turned into a creepy woman who
floated in midair," Yu agreed. "Definitely did not see that coming."
“But what does Izanami want?” Yukiko asked. “She orchestrated all of this, but why?”
“I think it was curiosity, at first,” Yu said. “But now that I’ve confronted her, she said that
she’s going to pit her full force against us.”
“Does that mean the return of the fog?” Rise asked.

Yu frowned. “I don’t know."
“Regardless, we cannot let her do as she pleases,” Naoto said. “There’s no guarantee that she
will not attempt something like this again if we leave her be.”
“And that whole… you know… pitting herself against us,” Yosuke said. “Where is she,
Rise?”
"Um, this way," Rise said, beginning to lead the way. "Like I said before, her presence is
really strong."
"Yeah, I can even sniff her out!" Teddie agreed.
They arrived at a dungeon surrounded by a glowing blue fog. A red path looked as though it
was suspended in the middle of the sky.
“It’s almost beautiful,” Yukiko said.
“Yeah, but now’s not really the time to be focused on that, right?” Chie asked. “Once we
defeat Izanami, this will all finally be over.”
“Yeah…” Kanji said. “Finally.”
“I know this sounds weird, but if this is the last time we fight in the TV world together, I
want you guys to know that this has been really fun,” Chie said. “Well, maybe fun isn’t the
right word for it…”
“I know what you mean,” Yosuke said. “It’s like the end of an era.”
“Maybe after this, we can just be ordinary high school students,” Yu said.
Goro laughed.
“Hey!” Kanji snapped. “What’s so funny?”
“Sorry, it’s just… not as easy to escape from this life as you might hope,” Goro said. “But I
wish you luck.”
“Now I really want to defeat that Izanami,” Yukiko said. “She’s not dragging us or anyone
else into any more danger.”
Izanami spoke to them as they progressed through the dungeon. Most of it was useless drivel
or taunts. She mentioned bringing Yu to this place in a dream once, which Yu corroborated.
Goro didn’t particularly care. He was becoming sick of this place.
“Despair, emptiness, and hope,” Izanami said on the next floor. “Those are the three
qualities by which I selected those coming from outside...You showed the most grounding of
the three; I would expect nothing less. In which case...I will personally and directly test your
power.”

Rise’s eyes widened. “The three qualities ...Did she mean Senpai, Namatame, and Adachi...?
Izanami saw those qualities in them...? What kind of power does she have...?”
“But which quality was mine?” Yu asked.
“Isn’t it obvious?” Yosuke asked. “Namatame was despair, Adachi was emptiness, and you
were hope.”
“Are you sure?” Goro asked.
“What else could it be?” Kanji asked.
“I could have been emptiness,” Yu said.
“I’m sure we could debate this for hours,” Naoto said. “Nobody is one personality trait. But it
doesn’t matter. What’s important is how you are now.”
“And now, you’re full of hope,” Yosuke said.
“I guess you’re right,” Yu said.
They continued forward. Izanami continued to describe how she had only hoped for her three
pawns to ascertain the true desire of humanity. How humanity’s true desire was to drown in
falsehood until it lost itself forever.
Goro couldn’t argue that some of humanity did wish for that.
But not all of them.
They continued forward.

After what felt like hours of cutting through shadows, they arrived at a large open area.
Izanami floated in the center, covered in white robes similar to the ones Marie wore. Her eyes
were not yellow, but red. It was the first time Goro had seen any entity with red eyes.
“Congratulations on making it this far,” she said.
“Well thank you very much, Ms. Root of All Evil!” Yosuke snapped.
Naoto put a hand on her waist and glared at Izanami. “You granted certain individuals the
power to enter the TVs. You created the Midnight Channel as well. And lastly, you started a
rumor about the Midnight Channel to raise its public awareness...Is this correct?”
“All save one point,” Izanami said. “This ‘Midnight Channel’ you speak of...It is indeed a
device to draw hearts into this world. But it was always your individual wills that would
determine what appeared on it. Humans ache to expose their suppressed sides, while the
prying eyes around them are curious to see them laid bare. The want to show, and the want to
see...I granted a ‘window’ that catered to both. That is all.”

“So the midnight channel just showed who everyone was thinking about?” Yukiko asked.
“And then once the person entered the TV, it showed them more clearly?”
“That explains why the people on the television would show up on the midnight channel,”
Yosuke said. “We were all thinking about them. And then, once someone was in the TV, the
midnight channel served as a window to that world?”
Rise clenched her fists. “Are you saying...all you did was give that initial spark to Senpai and
the others, then watched things unfold? And the rumors spreading, things going
wrong...We're to blame for all that's happened!?”
“People’s curiosity was at fault?” Yukiko asked.
“You humans are so quick to blame powers higher than themselves for their suffering,”
Izanami said. “You refuse to take responsibility for your own actions. Beings like myself
grow tired of watching mankind attempt to rip itself to shreds. Everything was for your
sake...To create the world mankind so wanted.”
“No,” Kanji said. “You only wanted to destroy us!”
“Humanity is weak,” Izanami said. “They seek their own destruction, and so I sought to grant
that desire. Man struggles to understand one another. You can only truly know a finite
number of people within your lifetime...But humans disregard this fact, and try to know more
people than is possible. Only by comparing yourself to others can you define yourselves.
Thus your ever-present anxiety...Your anxiety causes you to see only what you want to see,
and believe only what you want to believe... As I said...your desire is for a world enshrouded
in fog!”
“Don’t put words into our mouth,” Yu said.
"I must agree that the vast majority of people are exactly as you say," Naoto said.
"But we don't intend to live that way," Chie said.
Goro nodded, tightening his grip on his sword. “We’re not some pawns in your game."
A burst of fog exploded from Izanami. Goro brought his arm up to cover his eyes, trying to
peer through the thick cloud that impeded his vision.
The fog slowly cleared, revealing a giant creature in a straight-jacket-like outfit. Its hair flew
in all directions. The sky was bright red surrounding it.
“Alright,” Yosuke said, gritting his teeth. “Guess it’s time for the grand finale.”
“I couldn’t have said it better myself,” Yu said.
"Knowledge of the truth is not everything," Izanami said in an echoing voice. "Yet drunk
with truth, you exceeded your role, and became too involved... Now you will learn for
yourself who's wrath you have brought down..."

Goro rolled his eyes. Why must these entities always be so dramatic?
"We'll see about that," he said through gritted teeth.
And so they fought.
After fighting for nearly a year, the rest of the team had powers to rival Goro’s, especially Yu.
Between the eight of them with Rise’s support, they should have easily torn down Izanami’s
defenses.
But no matter what they did, no matter what they attempted, Izanami barely faltered,
continuing to hit them with devastating attack after attack. Meanwhile, everyone else began
to grow more and more exhausted. After summoning all of his personas at least twice in an
attempt at experimenting with different attacks and abilities, Goro was about ready to
collapse.
"Can't you see?" Izanami demanded. "It's impossible to defeat me!"
“I think we need to change our strategy, partner!” Yosuke shouted after the tenth round of
failed attempts to damage Izanami.
“But what’s even left for there to try?!” Rise cried.
Yu frowned. “Cover me.”
Everyone gathered around Yu, staving off attacks as Yu reached into his pockets and pulled
out a small orb. It looked very similar, although slightly bigger, to the pendant Theodore had
given Goro long ago. The one that still sat around his neck, waiting for its moment to be
needed.
“What’s that?” Kanji asked.
“Igor gave it to me,” Yu said. He threw it into the air. “It reveals the truth.”
Purple light burst from the orb, and Izanami’s form began to change.
“Well then,” Izanami said. “Allow me to show you my full splendor.”
The straight jacket and skirt faded away to reveal disgusting red arms emerging from
Izanami’s skeletal body. Everybody shuffled back in revulsion.
“I… am a god.” Izanami’s voice boomed. “I will teach you the truth of your miniscule
existences.”
“This is way scarier than I thought it would be,” Chie said, her voice shaking.
“We have to win this,” Yukiko said, adjusting her grip on her fan.
“You cannot defeat me through strength alone,” Izanami said. “Soon, you will see.”

That did not stop them from throwing their strongest abilities at Izanami with all of their
strength. As Izanami said, it did little to no damage.
Was there truly nothign they could do to defeat this foe? Surely, if SEES could stop Nyx,
Goro and his friends could find some way to defeat Izanami. Surely-“The time has come for us to end this..." Izanami said slowly, and a horrible sense of
forboding hit Goro. "Goodbye... Accept the reality of your death.”
Hundreds of hands emerged from the ground near Yu, causing Yosuke to push him out of the
way. Yu screamed as they grabbed Yosuke and pulled him under. But Izanami wouldn't give
up. More hands slowly started to emerge, and Goro's chest stopped as Kanji jumped in to
save Yu. Then Naoto. Then Yukiko. Then Chie. Then Rise. And then there was only Yu and
Goro, and Izanami raised her arms to launch the attack again.
Yu looked at Goro pleadingly. "Don't," he whispered.
Goro didn't want to die. Not after everything. Not after coming so far.
But this was Yu's journey, and Yu was his friend, and Goro couldn't let him die.
It wasn't even a hard choice, in the end.
As the hands slowly started reaching out, Goro sprinted forward and pushed Yu out of the
way.
Yu gave him a look of betrayal, but Goro was too occupied by the hands' bony fingers clawed
their way around his flesh in a death grip. “Let go of me,” he snarled, trying to stop the hands
from dragging him under. “Hereward!”
His head was already being dragged under–

Even with everyone's sacrifices, Izanami's arms dragged Yu under as well. He found himself
in a white fog, and for a minute, he considered giving in and dying entirely. What was the
point if everyone else was gone? Was fighting even worth it?
And that's when his social links appeared in front of them. One by one, giving him
encouragement, of reminding him of everything he had gone through in the past year. Until
finally, Nanako stood in front of him.
"Hey... Big Bro?" she asked with a sad frown. "Are you going to leave me behind? I'll be a
good girl... so don't go... I don't want you to go, Big Bro..."
No... Yu couldn't go. He couldn't leave everyone behind. He couldn't leave Nanako behind.
Yu grit his teeth and stood up in a white void, and he felt a rush of power course through him.
A new persona rose up within Yu. A second awakening.

With a flash of white light, he was back in the terrifying red hellscape where Izanami still
stood. Upon seeing him, Izanami launched another instant-death attack on Yu. Yu braced
himself.
Except this time, it missed.
"Impossible... can the will of so few surpass the will of all mankind?!" Izanami exclaimed.
Izanami continued launching devastating attacks against Yu, but to no avail. Nothing could
touch him.
"Why? ...Why don't you understand?" Iznami demanded. "It's impossible for humans to grasp
the truth with their own hands..."
A thrill of exhiliration filled Yu. Maybe this wasn't so hopeless after all. Maybe he could be
like the wildcards in Goro's stories. Maybe he could destroy the unbeatable enemy.
With a deep breath, Yu gathered all the courage within himself, raised his hand, and
summoned his new persona, Izanagi-no-Okami.
"Myriad Truths!" he shouted.
Izanagi-no-Okami burst forth and swung its blade repeatedly against Izanagi. Her terrifying
form writhed in pain at each slice until finally, Izanagi-no-Okami defeated her entirely.
Everybody else returned almost as soon as Izanami slumped forward in defeat. The red sky
returned to a gray hue.
“What the hell…” Kanji muttered.
“I’m not dead,” Yu could hear Goro whisper. “Thank fucking god.”
Yu wanted to cry in relief. They were alive. They weren't dead. His entire team, his friends,
his boyfriend, hadn't just all died for him.
Izanami hunched over herself, gasping for breath. “This can’t be… how can I be the one who
is defeated? How am I the one who is going to disappear? Instead of the endless struggle,
wouldn't it be easier to wrap oneself in lies and live in blissful ignorance...? Isn't that true
peace for humans...?”
“How many times do we have to say it?” Kanji demanded. “To hell with that shit!”
“Very well. Then try and live your way...Power enough to erase my existence...You have
already exceeded what I thought humanity to be capable of...You have lifted the fog in this
world, as well as the fog in your own...And whether that will lead to happiness or not...rests
upon your shoulders.”
Izanami's monstrous form began to disappear. "Children of man..." it said as it dissolved into
nothingness. "Well done!"

"Alright, we did it!" Kanji cheered.
"Please tell me it's really over this time," Chie gasped, still looking out of breath.
"I think, this time, it might be," Naoto said, looking a little uncertain. "But it seems like more
of a beginning for us."
"Trust me," Goro said. "There's almost certainly more on the horizon for all of you."
"Speaking from experience?" Yosuke asked with a sigh. "Well, now, at least we have no
regrets for tomorrow.
Yu managed a small smile. "Right."

Almost as soon as Izanami vanished, the dungeon disappeared around them. Everyone
gasped in alarm and awe as the TV world morphed into a beautiful paradise filled with lush
grass, mountains, trees, and waterfalls. Lillies floated on the surface of the water. No wonder
Teddie thought something was wrong with his home. Without the fog, the TV world was a
completely different place. A soft breeze hit Goro's face, and he gazed at a large moon on the
lilac sky. It was truly beautiful.
"I... know this place," Teddie said. He beamed. "A long time ago, everywhere in this world
used to look like this."
"So this is the world inside people's hearts..." Yukiko whispered, her voice hushed.
"It really is over," Goro said, looking a little awestruck.
"Let's never fight another terrifying monster again," Yosuke said, his face looking far more
relaxed at the new scenery. "If I see fog again, it'll be too soon."
"Well, you're not going to avoid the fog forever," Chie pointed out.
"But a break would be nice," Yukiko agreed.
"This place is so beautiful..." Rise said, crouching in front of a stream. "Do you think we
could have a picnic here sometime, Teddie-kun?"
"You know what?" Teddie said. "Let's do it!"
Goro didn't know how he felt about going into the metaverse for such a frivilous purpose, but
it seemed that the TV world wasn't going to disappear even with the disappearance of its
master.
"Very well," Goro said. "I can provide some pastries, if you'd like."
"Hell yeah!" Kanji pumped his fists. "Goro's cooking, here we come!"

Goro felt his cheeks get warm. "It's really not that good."
"No need to be modest, Goro-kun," Naoto said. "You and Yu-kun are probably among the
most proficient in the kitchen."
"That's Yu for ya," Yosuke said grinning and turning in Yu's direction. "Yu?"
Yu stood in place, his eyes closed and looking more serene than Goro's ever seen him. He
opened his eyes, looking a little startled. "Huh?"
"Is everything alright?" Chie asked.
"Oh... yeah." Yu smiled. "I'm just relieved."
Teddie nodded fervently. "That makes all of us!"

“Big Bro?” Nanako asked that evening, after Yu collapsed on the sofa and resolved to never
get up.
“Mmhm?” Yu said, his voice muffled by the pillow.
“I checked your calendar in your room,” Nanako said. “You haven’t used it since November.”
To be honest, Yu had forgotten he even had a calendar in the midst of the mess of the past
few months. He should replace it with one for the current year.
“Okay?”
“We missed your birthday.”
Yu looked up blearily, feeling somewhat confused. “What?”
“I told Dad,” Nanako said. She looked like she wanted to cry, and Yu forced himself to sit
up. “Your birthday is November 15, and now it’s March! I promised you I would celebrate!”
“Oh, well, it’s not a big deal–”
“It is!” Nanako stomped her foot on the ground. “Dad is getting a cake, and we’re going to
celebrate with all of your friends tomorrow.”
Yu smiled and face planted back into the sofa cushions. “Is that right?”
“Yep!” Nanako’s voice cracked. “I’m sorry for missing it.”
“It wasn’t your fault, Nana-chan,” Yu said. “Thank you so much for remembering it now. It
makes me really happy.”
“Really?” Nanako asked hopefully.

Was something wrong with him? Yu wasn’t sure he could stop grinning if he tried. “Really.”

End of Part 2

Chapter End Notes

Guys I'm gonna be so real with you I just do not care that much about Marie or Izanami.
That's why we got through them so fast. (EDIT: Which is naturally why three days after
posting i beefed up a few of the scenes and added a marie scene. The things I do sadge.
EDIT EDIT: people are gonna reread this chapter and be so confused as to why its
there's more dialogue than they remembered bahahhaha. I just keep getting selfconscious and editing more and more details in)
Social Link Update time!
Fool (0) - Kurusu Tsuyoshi (?) - Rank 9
Jester (0)- Tohru Adachi - RANK MAX
Magician (I)- Hanamura Yosuke - RANK MAX
Priestess (II) - Kurusu Akira - Rank 8
Empress (III) - Kirijo Mitsuru - RANK MAX
Emperor (IV) - Tatsumi Kanji - RANK MAX
Hierophant (V) - Tatsumi Azumi - RANK MAX
Lovers (VI) - Mochizuki Ryoji - RANK MAX
Chariot (VII) - Dojima Ryotaro - RANK MAX
Justice (VIII) - Amada Ken - RANK MAX
Hermit (IX) - Sakaki Takaya - RANK MAX
Fortune (X) - Shirogane Naoto - RANK MAX
Strength (XI) - Yamamoto Emiko - RANK MAX
Hanged Man (XII) - Kirijo Takeharu - Rank 6
Death (XIII) - Arisato Minato - RANK MAX
Temperance (XIV) - Iori Junpei - RANK MAX
Devil (XV) - Ikutsuki Shuji - Rank MAX
Tower (XVI) - Shido Masayoshi - Rank 5
Star (XVII) - Narukami Yu - RANK MAX
Moon (XVIII) - Aragaki Shinjiro - RANK MAX
Sun (XIX) - Dojima Nanako - RANK MAX
Aeon (XX) - Teddie - RANK MAX
Judgement (XX) - Velvet Room Attendants - Rank 9
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments!

Chapter 89: August 21, 2014–March 18, 2012
Chapter Summary

Warning: this chapter is Short
But the cliffhanger was too good to ignore

Chapter Notes

tw: violence, ptsd, gun,

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Mementos was terrifying.
The massive subway tunnels pulsed with flickering red veins, and Akechi continuously
checked over his shoulder to ensure no trains were about to plow into him. In a place as
unpredictable as this, it wasn’t a far stretch to think that the trains might come his way.
But even if a train did come barreling in at full speed, what was Akechi meant to do? Dodge
out of the way? Where? And even if there was a place he could go, the chances of him
getting there fast enough just by running were slim at best. The most he could do was prepare
himself for the end.
Speaking of speed, Akechi needed to get down to the next level as soon as possible. He had
already spent more time than he wanted taking wrong turn after wrong turn, and if he wasted
any more time, he’d practically be begging the reaper to come after him.
One chance encounter with the beast had been bad enough. Akechi barely escaped with his
life.
By a stroke of good luck, Akechi’s next right turn took him to the escalator leading further
down. Akechi paused to catch his breath as he stood on the escalator. He hadn’t been able to
locate his target on that floor, but she had to be close. Akechi could not let the two hours he
spent in this wretched place go to waste.
Fortunately, the swirling red vortex leading to his target was impossible to miss. It might as
well have been a flashing sign pointing in his target's direction.
Akechi forced back any lingering anxiety over entering a portal without knowing exactly
where it led. He was strong. Powerful. Nothing could get in his way.

He ran through the portal. On the other side stood Isshiki Wakaba’s shadow, staring at him
with a wary expression.
Akechi had never met Isshiki in person before. He only knew what she looked like through
photographs. But he still caught himself feeling surprised at how… mundane she looked. Her
shadow wore sweatpants and a t-shirt, as though Goro caught her in the middle of getting
ready for bed.
“I was wondering when you’d arrive,” Isshiki said. “Who knew the angel of death was a
teenager? Or is Shido just hiring child soldiers these days?”
“I’m not a child,” Akechi said, removing his gun from its holster. He aimed it toward
Isshiki’s head.
“Oh, we’re skipping straight to this part, aren’t we?” Isshiki said. “Well, I’ve always wanted
a guinea pig to experiment with. I hope you can take the heat.”
Akechi pulled the trigger, but Isshiki was already transforming into a massive creature
holding two axes and wearing a dark apron. The bullet bounced uselessly off her.
Gun or no, with Loki’s help, Akechi ripped her to shreds.
But unlike ordinary shadows, Isshiki’s shadow returned to her humanoid form after Akechi
defeated her. She sat on her knees, clutching her side and gasping for breath.
If it weren’t for the yellow in her eyes, Akechi almost thought she was the real thing.
It didn’t really make a difference, did it? Akechi was still going to kill the real Isshiki.
“I guess–” Isshiki’s shadow said, coughing. “I guess this is how it ends, huh? Do you think
you could do something for me, before I kick the bucket?”
Akechi had only waited this long to catch his breath. As powerful as he was, the battle had
not been as easy as he hoped it would be. Now, he grabbed his gun once again.
“Tell Futaba I–”
BANG
The bullet pierced Isshiki’s skull, and she disappeared into a pile of dust. Akechi stomped on
it furiously, determined to ensure she wasn’t going to end up rising again.
Akechi was so furious that his head pounded, but he wasn’t quite sure why. How was she
going to finish that sentence? Love? Hate?
It didn’t matter.
“I don’t owe you anything,” Akechi snarled.

Part 3: My Final Destiny

“Wow,” Wakaba said. She surveyed the now gorgeous view of the TV world with an
awestruck expression. “This place is nice.”
“I still don’t understand why you’re here,” Goro said.
He had woken up earlier that morning to see a handful of texts from Futaba saying that
Wakaba would be coming to Inaba and wished to meet Goro in the TV world after school.
Goro’s requests for more details only produced vague answers and general trolling on
Futaba’s part.
“You said you would answer my questions,” Wakaba said. “And this place seems like the
most private we’re going to get. Do you think I’ll be able to meet my shadow here, since
we’re not in that closed realm place anymore?”
“No,” Goro said. “We defeated the source of the shadows in this world. This place is virtually
harmless.”
“Seriously?” Wakaba’s face fell.
“Why do you want to meet your shadow?” Goro asked.
Wakaba poked Goro’s head with the back of her pen. Its tip retracted with a click. “Scientist,
remember? I wanted to face my shadow with the scientific method.”
“Well, I’m sorry to disappoint.”
“Ah well, there’s still plenty of nuggets of information I can get out of you,” Wakaba said.
She sat down on a nearby boulder and opened up her journal. “So. Cognitive world.
Explain.”
“For all you know, I’m about to lie to you,” Goro said.
“Well, obviously, I would like to confirm some of this information for myself,” Wakaba said.
“But finding someone who’s actually been in the metaverse is the sort of progress I haven’t
seen in years.”
“It’s amazing you know about the cognitive world at all,” Goro said.
Wakaba shrugged. “It’s amazing what you find out in the rumor mill. Chat rooms are filled
with weird occurrences happening all over Japan. Rumors coming to life, time grinding to a
halt, demons roaming the streets. It’s amazing, really.”
“Rumors coming to life?” Goro asked.
“Yep,” Wakaba said, popping the ‘p’ sound. “In a town called Sumaru, or something.
Happened a little over a decade ago. Residents recall that the rumors that were spreading

always turned out to be true. A bar selling weapons, the blimp on top of a museum becoming
real… most of them think that their rumor mill just happened to be bizarrely accurate that
year, but others think that cognitive pscience might have been at play.”
“Wait a minute,” Goro said. He was familiar with most of this story, except for that detail.
“Over a decade ago?”
Hadn’t Elizabeth said that Tsuyoshi had caused trouble in 1999? Over something that had
nothing to do with the Kirijo Incident?
“Yes? Same year the Gekkoukan High School blew up, which was another potentially
supernatural incident that I could ramble about…” Wakaba frowned. “Why’s that detail so
important to you?”
“Where did you find out about the rumors coming to life?” Goro asked.
“I can’t remember exactly,” Wakaba said. “A lot of inspiration for my research comes from
chat rooms on the far reaches of the internet. Why?”
“It’s nothing,” Goro lied, filing away the information for later. “Now, what were your
questions, Isshiki-san?”
“Wow, talk about a personality shift,” Wakaba said. “But fine, don’t tell me.”
Wakaba asked Goro question upon question about the cognitive world and how it functioned.
The difference between the TV world and the world he could enter through the metanav. The
Dark Hour and its peculiarities.
And when Goro thought they were finally done, Wakaba set her notebook down in her lap
and leveled Goro with an unsettling gaze. “So, tell me. How did you kill me?”
Goro couldn’t do anything but stare.
“No immediate denial,” Wakaba noted. “Looks like I guessed correctly. So? What was it?
Poison, stabbing, a classic hit and run?”
“The metaverse,” Goro said, feeling oddly distant from the conversation.
“You killed my shadow, then. Triggered some sort of shutdown in my system.”
“Isshiki-san, there’s not much point in asking me questions if you already know all of the
answers.”
“How old were you?” But Wakaba was already doing the math herself. “You said you had it
under good authority I’d die by August of 2014. You’re thirteen right now, so you’d be at
least fifteen in two years. Maybe sixteen? When’s your birthday?”
“June 2.”
“Sixteen then.” Wakaba whistled. “He really does hire them young, huh?”

“I should go.” Goro stood up and turned toward the exit almost mechanically. He felt as
though all his thoughts were floating away before his mind could grab hold of them.
“No, no, wait.” Wakaba stood up and chased after him. “I’m sorry. It was a touchy subject.
But you can’t blame me for being curious. I mean, it is my death we’re talking about.”
“Yes, well, it’s not going to happen this time around, so I’d prefer to pretend it never
happened at all,” Goro said. “Forgive me for being selfish.”
“I don’t blame you, you know,” Wakaba said. “Shido’s able to manipulate most adults. It’s
not a surprise that he managed to convince–”
“Isshiki-san,” Goro said loudly. He couldn’t listen to any more of Wakaba’s misplaced
sympathy. “Please don’t try to make me out as the victim of your murder.”
“What, did you want to kill me–”
“I triggered your mental shutdown while you were standing by the street,” Goro snarled.
“You fell into the traffic and were hit by a moving vehicle, making it look like suicide. Futaba
witnessed the whole thing. To add insult to injury, Shido’s men forged a note to make it look
like you committed suicide because you couldn’t handle raising Futaba, which sent her into a
spiral of self-loathing. It took her years to realize the truth.”
Wakaba said nothing. She looked stunned.
“That is what I did to your family,” Goro said. “And I didn’t feel a shred of remorse for it.
Save your forgiveness for someone who deserves it.”
He left without another word.

Once confirming that Wakaba made it out of the TV world in one piece, Goro sat down at his
desk and opened his laptop. In the search bar, he typed: Sumaru Rumors
The results weren’t anything he hadn’t seen before. There were a few old articles about an
odd serial killings occurring in the area, a few chat rooms that discussed odd coincidences
regarding ridiculous rumors, but nothing that gave any information about Tsuyoshi or his
potential origins. Goro wasn’t sure what he expected.
Something of note Goro did find was that one of the articles about the serial killings was
published by none other than Kismet Publishing, a fact he previously overlooked due to the
unverifiability of rumors coming to life. The very same publishing company that the reporter,
Amano Maya, worked for. She was old enough to remember what occurred in 1999, right?
It was worth a shot, at least.
Maybe it would distract Goro from his earlier conversation with Wakaba.

Goro had long since accepted the fact that Shido manipulated him. That Shido had used
Goro’s anger for his own ends. But Wakaba was moments away from telling Goro it wasn’t
his fault.
Even if Goro wasn’t at fault for being manipulated, he was at fault for killing Wakaba. He
knew what he was doing. He knew what it would do to Futaba. Nobody was holding a gun to
his head.
He didn’t need one of his victims trying to convince him otherwise. He didn’t want Wakaba’s
sympathy, much less her forgiveness.
Goro couldn’t think about this anymore. He needed to clear his head.
Goro left the house and began to walk down the central shopping district to get some fresh
air. While he walked, he called Rise.
“Hey, Goro-kun!” Rise said. “What’s up?”
“Do you remember that reporter we met during the summer festival last year?” Goro asked.
“I think she gave you her number in case you wanted an interview.”
“Oh yeah, I think I remember who you’re talking about,” Rise said. “Amano-san, right? She
interviewed Teddie.”
“Yes,” Goro said. “Do you still have her number?”
“Oh yeah! I saved it. Now that you’ve reminded me, maybe I should give her a call and tell
her I’m going to be starring in that movie. But why do you want the number, Goro-kun?”
“I have something I want to ask her,” Goro said.
“Oh, well, if you say so.”
Rise gave Goro the number, and Goro committed it to memory before hanging up. He sat
down at a nearby bench, added Amano to his phone contacts, and called her.
“Hello, this is Amano Maya. I can’t come to the phone right now, but feel free to leave a
message at the beep!”
Beep.
“Amano-san, I’m very sorry to bother you,” Goro said. “This is Akechi Goro. We met at the
summer festival in Inaba last year. I wanted to speak to you regarding the strange incidents
that occurred in Sumaru thirteen years ago. If you’re willing, please call me back.”
He hung up and exhaled, leaning backwards and staring at the sky. He’d very much like to
not have to worry about a supernatural anomaly for once in his life. And even if he found a
way to get rid of Tsuyoshi, he’d still have to worry about the Metaverse, this god of control,
and, God forbid, Maruki’s little power trip.

Speaking of Tsuyoshi, Goro caught sight of his figure approaching out of the corner of his
eye. He tensed. What the hell did Tsuyoshi want now? Was he angry that they destroyed
Izanami? Did he have some sort of horrible information to taunt Goro with?
Whatever it was, Goro would much prefer to get out of the afternoon generally unscathed. He
shoved his phone into his pocket, turned around, and began walking as quickly as possible
away from Tsuyoshi. Tsuyoshi’s footsteps behind him quickened, and Goro abandoned all
sense of dignity and broke into a jog. Tsuyoshi’s footsteps remained measured, even as they
got nearer.
Goro was approximately ten yards away from Tatsumi Textiles when Tsuyoshi’s fingers
wrapped tightly around Goro’s right arm and pulled him back suddenly. Goro gasped and
stumbled in his effort to stay balanced.
“Goro, Goro, Goro,” Tsuyoshi said, squeezing Goro’s arm forcefully. He grinned down at
Goro, his smile a little too wide and his teeth a little too sharp. “It’s been too long! How have
you been?”
Goro clenched his fists and forced himself to appear relaxed. Although he was sure he was
doing nothing to fool Tsuyoshi, the less he resisted, the less pressure Tsuyoshi would place
onto Goro. Less pressure meant less pain.
Don’t punch him in the face. Don’t press the emergency button. Not yet. With any luck,
Tsuyoshi would say his piece and leave Goro alone.
“Kurusu-san,” Goro said. “I’ve been fine, all things considered. How about you?”
Tsuyoshi laughed. He didn’t sound amused in the slightest. “I’m so glad you asked. Why
don’t you walk with me?”
Tsuyoshi still had a tight grip on Goro’s arm as he spun Goro around and led him away from
the shopping district. Goro forced himself to walk alongside Tsuyoshi, glancing over his
shoulder at Tatsumi Textiles and wondering if Tatsumi or Kanji had seen anything. Hopefully
this wasn’t about to turn into another kidnapping.
“Where are we going?” Goro asked.
“See, Goro, I’ve been thinking,” Tsuyoshi said. “I’ve been doing a lot of thinking, actually.
Dangerous, I know, but I think you’ll understand after I tell you what I’ve been thinking
about.”
Tsuyoshi waited with a prompting silence. Goro stared at him quizzically.
“This is the part where you ask me what I’ve been thinking about,” Tsuyoshi said, his smile
full of teeth.
Goro sighed. “And what have you been thinking about, Kurusu-san?”
Tsuyoshi brightened. “Well, ever since that pesky fog went away, I’ve been thinking about
how your actions have been so… well, to put it simply, you’ve been very disappointing.”

“Disappointing,” Goro repeated. His mouth felt very dry.
“But you’re good at that, aren’t you?” Tsuyoshi’s voice changed very suddenly, and Goro’s
eyes snapped up to his face. Instead of Tsuyoshi’s glare, Goro stared directly at the scowl of
Shido Masayoshi.
No, no, no. Shido should be in Tokyo, not the small town of Inaba. What the fuck was going
on? Was he hallucinating? Since when could Tsuyoshi shapeshift?
Goro instinctively yanked his hand away. Shido’s grip tightened.
“You’ve always been a disappointment.” Shido said, his eyes gleamed an unnatural gold hue.
“A failure of a son. You had one fucking job, and you blew it.”
Goro had to be dreaming.
“Shido-san, I–” Goro sputtered, panic momentarily fogging his senses.
Wait. What was he saying? Shido could not be here. The person dragging him past this row
of houses could not be Shido. “Who the fuck are you?”
“Well, that is the titular question, isn’t it?” Not Shido said. “I’m sure you know I was never
really Kurusu Tsuyoshi either.”
“What the–” Goro blinked away the wave of dizziness that had overcome him. He needed to
stay focused. He fingered the emergency button in his pocket, prepared for the inevitability of
having to press it. “Where are you taking me?”
Shido’s face shifted into Tsuyoshi’s for a split second before he returned to being just Shido.
“Home, of course,” Not Shido said. “Is your sense of direction really that horrendous?”
Home. What did that mean? In spite of the panic continuing to make Goro’s head pound, he
forced himself to actually take a look at his surroundings.
They were in a neighborhood. Akira’s neighborhood.
Shido shifted into Takaya, who grinned wildly. “You might never have understood your true
calling,” not-Takaya said.
And now Takaya was Adachi. “But that doesn’t mean everyone else out there is just as
pathetic as you.”
Back to Shido. They were now directly in front of Akira’s house. Without letting go of Goro,
Shido removed a gun from the inside of his suit.
He’d recognize that revolver anywhere.
This truly did feel like one of his nightmares. Goro blinked furiously. He didn’t wake up.
Why couldn’t he wake up?

“Is that… how they hell did you get Takaya’s gun?” Goro asked.
“I found it in your rich friend’s storage facility,” Not Shido said. “I bet you wished you hadn’t
rescued it from Tartarus, huh?”
Goro didn’t answer as bile burned his throat. He barely understood what was going on.
“First, I’ll fire a warning shot to grab his attention,” Not Shido said. He fired a bullet into the
grass with a heart-stopping BANG. Goro flinched violently. He tried to step backwards, but
Not Shido held him firmly in place.
Not Shido laughed nastily as he placed the barrel of his gun directly in between Goro’s eyes.
I’m going to die here, Goro realized with a spike of horror. He couldn’t escape. He couldn’t
defend himself. He could only stand helplessly as Tsuyoshi in Shido’s skin murdered him.
Goro’s ears started ringing. This was how he was going to die. With a bullet in his head.
Again. But why now? Why did Tsuyoshi decide he was done with Goro? What had Goro
done?
It didn’t matter. Akira was certainly looking through the window to see what was going on.
He would watch Goro get shot by Shido. Would he go on the same quest of revenge Goro
had? Would he make the same mistakes?
“Is this really necessary?” Goro gasped, deciding in that moment he was not beyond begging
for his life. “You don’t have to do this—”
“Goodbye, Goro,” Not Shido interrupted. “Or, wait. I never cared enough to call you by your
given name, did I?” His smile was downright sadistic. “Goodbye, Akechi-kun.”

Thou art I… and I am thou
The connection that you have nurtured has been transformed

Thy bond shall be the compass of redemption
and guide the way for thy heart

The power of the Fool Arcana has been set free
Granting thee ultimate power

Goro wasn’t ready to go.

Not now, Goro thought desperately, bringing his hand up to his neck. Not yet, asshole.
Four things happened in the same split second.
Goro pressed the emergency button.
With his other hand, he crushed the pendant that hung around his neck for nearly two years.
Tsuyoshi pulled the trigger.
And, unheard by Goro, on the other side of the window, Akira screamed.

Chapter End Notes

WOAH it finally happened!! After hundreds of thousands of words, Goro finally used
the pendant!! Wooo!!!
Also there is now lovely art of Goro in his winter clothes! Please check it out!!!
Fyi I beefed up the last chapter a teeny bit so if you're curious you can look but if you
don't care i don't blame you.
ALSO if you noticed the chapter count went down, it's just cause i wanted slightly
longer chapters in this part. It's the same amount of words and I'll finish posting at the
same time as originally scheduled.
ALSO ALSO I created a final poll in honor of the fic coming to a close. It is both a
social link competition and an opportunity for you to suggest character dynamics for the
persona 5 part. Fill it out perhaps.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 90: March 18, 2012
Chapter Summary

This chapter goes kinda bonkers so hopefully its not confusing.
Like it should be a *little* confusing but not TOO confusing

Chapter Notes

tw: blood, ptsd, villain monologues, gun

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The familiar tune of the Velvet Room flooded Goro’s senses. Piano mixed with someone’s
haunting voice. The Aria of the Soul, as Minato once called it.
If Goro was here, and not in the real world, it was a bad sign.
Goro opened his eyes.
The Velvet Room had changed again.
The place that had once been a giant elevator and then the inside of a limousine was now a
room with wide windows that looked out onto the ocean. Theodore stood next to Igor, who
sat behind his ordinary round table on a sofa made of a plastic material. The floors and walls
were the same shade of blue that Goro always saw in the Velvet Room, but the walls were
adorned with framed maps and compasses. The floor swayed underneath Goro
uncomfortably. Seagulls cawed in the distance.
Were they on a boat?
“Welcome back,” Igor said.
“Am I dead?” Goro asked.
“Not at all,” Igor said. “While your body is repairing itself in the real world, I summoned you
here. Your contract is very nearly fulfilled.”
“So, this place is…”
“The reflection of your heart, Goro-kun,” Theodore said. “And your heart alone.”

Goro glanced out the window at the endless expanse of ocean. He caught a glimpse of the
small deck. “My heart is a fishing boat?”
“You have been on quite a journey, my child,” Igor said. “One in which the destination is
uncertain and dangerous waves wish to veer you on course.”
Goro clutched his forehead, trying to repel the oncoming headache. The idea of the Velvet
Room changing to reflect him wasn’t what was bothering him. It was literally everything else
about his situation.
“You have faced many trials since you arrived at this place,” Igor said. “I am afraid to say
that the cards have been stacked against you from the beginning.”
“You finally admit it?” Goro asked.
“A powerful force wished to undo humanity,” Igor said. “And you have been forced to make
many difficult decisions. But in spite of the hardship, you had the strength of will to stay true
to your bonds.”
Igor pulled a card from mid-air and threw it toward Goro. Goro caught it and stared at his
own reflection on its surface. He frowned. Was this a card or a mirror?
“My attendants have given you their aid at their own discretion,” Igor said, which was a kind
way of saying they went behind his back. “Now it is my turn to finally offer my own
assistance outside of my usual duties.”
Now Goro was extremely confused. Since when did Igor meddle in anything? He glanced up
at Igor, who had his hands clasped together. He looked entirely unconcerned by his decision.
“We will see each other soon,” Igor said. “But take comfort in knowing that you are the most
fascinating guest I have ever had the pleasure of hosting.”

Thou art I… and I am thou
The connection that you have nurtured has been transformed

Thy bond shall be the compass of redemption
and guide the way for thy heart

The power of the Judgement Arcana has been set free
Granting thee ultimate power

The Velvet Room began to grow white around Goro, but Goro managed to lock eyes with
Theodore before it went away entirely.
“Thank you,” he said. “For everything.”
“No, Goro-kun,” Theodore said, his voice echoing with the swelling music. “Thank you.”

As Goro woke up in the real world, the first thing he noticed was the silence.
Footsteps echoed close to his head, loud thuds that were slowly becoming further away. A
shrill high-pitched sound was muffled in the distance. Goro couldn’t see anything, and he felt
oddly distant from his own body. For a wonderful moment, Goro barely felt anything at all.
And then cold air slammed back into his lungs. With a gasp, Goro inhaled a wet sticky
substance from the grass. The metallic taste shocked Goro’s senses, and the entire world
reeked of blood. Immediately, Goro’s eyes flew open, and he coughed violently, his lungs
trying to expel his own blood.
Goro pulled himself up to his knees. An absurd puddle of red stained the grass beneath him.
He had almost forgotten how much blood could come out of a bullet wound straight through
the forehead.
Almost.
“What the hell?”
Goro’s eyes snapped up at the sound of Shido’s voice. Not Shido, or Tsuyoshi, or whoever
the hell he was, stared at Goro with utter revulsion. He was multiple meters away. He must
have already checked that Goro was dead, and having been satisfied, started to leave the
scene.
“I knew you were a demon, but this is absolutely ridiculous,” Not Shido said, fumbling for
his gun.
Goro jumped to his feet and ran. Sirens began to echo in the distance as he burst through the
front door of Akira’s house, which was blessedly unlocked.
“Goro-kun?” Akira stood by his window. He was as white as a sheet. “But… I saw–”
“No time.” Goro gasped, spinning around and locking the door shut.
He already regretted coming inside. The house did grant him more cover from any gunfire,
but it did nothing to protect Akira from Tsuyoshi’s ire. What would Tsuyoshi do to Akira now
that Goro had foiled his plan?

“But–” Goro grabbed Akira by the arm and sprinted away from the window. Akira screamed
as a bullet shattered the glass and lodged itself in the wall.
“What’s going on?!” Akira’s voice grew increasingly higher in pitch. The front door crashed
open as Goro managed to drag Akira into the living room.
“Do you really think you can outrun me?!” Not-Shido shouted. His voice was so exhilarated
that Goro was afraid to glance behind his shoulder.
Goro slammed Akira to the ground just in time for another bullet to fly above their heads.
Akira hyperventilated beneath him.
“Keep moving.” Goro grit his teeth and scrambled upwards. He took two steps forward
before his heart stopped.
Not Shido was already standing in front of the back door. His gun was pointed toward Goro.
How the hell did he get there so fast?! Did he run there while Goro and Akira were on the
ground?

“Nice try, kiddo,” Not Shido said. “But you’re going to have to do better than that to escape
me.”
Akira jumped in front of Goro, splaying his hands out. “Y-you’ll have to go through me
first.”
“Akira, don’t you dare!” Goro snarled.
Not Shido’s face flickered with agitation. “I’m not after you. Step away from the brat, and
nobody gets hurt.”
“His name is Goro!” Akira shouted. “Not ‘nobody’!”
In any other context, that quip might have been funny. As it was, Goro had never been more
afraid for both of their lives. His mind raced for a solution.
“I don’t want to shoot you,” Not Shido said. His expression hardened. “That doesn’t mean I
won’t.”
They couldn’t run. Tsuyoshi would catch up. And something told Goro that he couldn’t rely
on Tsuyoshi running out of bullets either.
The TV to their right wasn’t nearly as big as the one in Junes. It was still big enough for two
children to dive through.
“Final warning,” Not Shido said, putting his finger on the trigger.
“I’m sorry,” Goro said.

With a burst of adrenaline, Goro wrapped his arms around Akira and shoved him toward the
television. Akira shouted as they both toppled sideways. Their heads connected with the
television screen.
And they kept falling.

Life had definitely been weird for Futaba recently. One day, she was an ordinary girl trying to
encourage social reform by hacking into government files, and the next, she was living in
some sort of video game fantasy world.
Not that Futaba was complaining. The past few weeks had to have been simultaneously the
scariest and coolest weeks of her life.
Especially when Goro and his friends got up to the weirdest crap. Who would have thought
that a gas station attendant was secretly performing a social experiment by giving people TV
powers? It was so absurd it was awesome. She was so stoked that she thought to put a
listening device in Goro’s phone at the ski lodge, even if it didn’t work whenever Goro
entered the TV realm.
Anyhow, overall, Futaba felt like she had been turned into a whacky background character
with a lovable personality. And while there wasn’t anything wrong with that necessarily,
Futaba was looking for more out of her life. That’s why she was always on the lookout for
any problems Goro and co. might come across.
Sure, Goro had repeatedly asked her to stop eavesdropping. But in Futaba’s defense, Goro
was causing her mom to go off the grid for an indefinite amount of time, which was going to
make Futaba’s life a lot harder. Albeit less harder than if her mom had actually died, but hard
nonetheless. Futaba had earned some lighthearted eavesdropping.
It was meant to be lighthearted.
At first, Futaba was confused when some guy started antagonizing Goro. It was hard to make
out all of the words with Goro’s phone in his pocket, but something struck Futaba as not
right. Maybe it was the part where the guy called Goro pathetic. Or was it before then when
he said he was disappointed?
Futaba should’ve done something. She should’ve called Goro. She texted him to ask if he
was okay, but he ignored her entirely.
When Futaba heard the gunshot, all the joints in her body locked up entirely. The second
gunshot came with a loud crashing sound.
Futaba hadn’t even realized she was hyperventilating until she heard a knock on her bedroom
door.
“Futaba?” Sojiro said. Mom was still at Inaba doing research, so Sojiro was making sure
Futaba remembered to eat meals. “Is something the matter?”

Futaba opened her mouth, but only a small squeak came out. Sojiro opened the door anyway.
“Hey,” he said. “What’s up?”
“There was this guy, and Goro-kun…” Futaba glanced at her monitor helplessly. Maybe she
was hearing things? Maybe it was a nasty prank to get Futaba to stop listening in on people’s
private conversations?
“You mean Akechi-kun?” Sojiro asked. “What’s wrong with him?”
“He-he–” Suddenly, the computer started making loud scratching noises again. And then
people started talking to Goro. And Futaba heard Goro’s voice! And more gunshots. Which
was bad. But Goro was still talking! “He’s alive!”
Futaba leapt from her chair and pumped her hands in the air.
“Wait, what?” Sojiro said. “What are you watching?”
And then Futaba burst into tears. It took her a long time to explain in between sobs what had
happened, but the time she had, Sojiro had gone very pale.
“I’m calling the cops,” he said, fumbling with his phone. “Shit, I don’t know their number for
Inaba.”
“I’ll get it,” Futaba said, getting back into her seat. Her computer had gone completely silent,
which probably meant Goro’s phone broke. She refused to consider what that might mean.
She gave Sojiro the number, and Sojiro called the police station. When he was done, he took
Futaba down to the kitchen and began to make her comfort curry. Futaba sat at the kitchen
table quietly, trying not to cry. She pulled her knees to her chest.
“I’m sorry,” she whispered.
“For what?” Sojiro asked gently. He put down the knife he was using to chop vegetables and
turned toward her. “It’s not your fault, whatever happened.”
“I know I shouldn’t be eavesdropping on conversations, but I did it anyway,” Futaba said. “I
think I heard something weirdly personal for Goro-kun. Getting shot is personal, right?”
“Forget Akechi-kun, hearing someone get shot has to be pretty traumatizing for any kid.”
Sojiro sighed. “It’s still not your fault this happened, Futaba. And in this case, at least we
know that someone reported the incident to the police.”
“So my eavesdropping helped?” Futaba asked hopefully.
“Maybe this once,” Sojiro said. “But don’t make a habit of it. You’re right. One day you are
going to hear something that wasn’t meant for your ears. How would you feel if you were
telling Wakaba something private, and I overheard it because I was spying on you?”
“I don’t keep secrets from you.”

“Fine, what if Akechi overheard?”
Futaba made a face. “I guess I wouldn’t like that,” she said reluctantly. She hiccupped as
another sob forced its way to the surface. “Is– is Goro going to be alright?”
“I hope so,” Sojiro said, grimacing.
Maybe Futaba was a coward, but she didn’t think she was ever going to eavesdrop on another
conversation ever again. Especially not if getting shot was a regular occurrence for Goro.
She pulled out her phone and furiously called Tatsumi.

Akira screamed shrilly as they fell deeper into the TV world. The static portal buzzed around
them until they landed in the soft grass with a painful thump.
Goro lay on his back and gasped for breath. He touched his forehead and drew his hand back,
inspecting the blood that came up on his fingers. The only thing he could feel was an odd
lump on his forehead where a hole should be.
Akira was already standing. “What the hell is going on?” he asked, his voice shaking. “Who
was that?”
Goro wanted to shut his eyes and laugh, but he had no idea how safe this sanctuary really
was. Tsuyoshi could come bursting into this world at any minute.
He forced himself to stand up. He picked up his phone from the ground, which must have
fallen from his pocket during the fall.
“Are you okay?” Akira asked, his voice small. Tears filled his eyes. “You look… your
face…”
“I’m fine,” Goro said. “Physically, at least. To answer your other two questions, I have no
clue what the hell is going on, and all I can tell you is that he definitely isn’t your uncle.”
“My uncle?” Akira’s face turned to confusion. “What does my uncle have to do with this?”
Goro ran his fingers through his hair, grimacing at how sticky it was. He began to walk away.
“I’m not having this conversation right now. We have to get out of here.”
“Yes, you are,” Akira said stonily, following him. “I’m so sick of you hiding things from
me.”
“I’m not going to tell you the truth only for you to not believe me,” Goro said.
“You’re not even giving me a chance.”
“I did give you a chance!” Goro’s voice scraped raw against his throat, and he took a deep
breath in an attempt to compose himself. “But you get so goddamn defensive every time I

suggest your uncle might be evil–”
Akira looked as though he had been slapped in the face. “He’s not–”
A thundering shockwave blasted them both off their feet. The sky flashed back and forth
from blue to gray TV static. The landscape became pixelated, looking as though it was falling
apart at the seams.
Goro stumbled to his feet, pulling Akira up alongside him. Tsuyoshi was larger than life, no
longer looking like anyone at all. Golden tentacles covered in green eyes poured out around
him, and a white mask was the only thing covering his face.
“Did you really think entering my domain was a good idea?” The entity’s voice was a mix of
Tsuyoshi and Shido’s voices, but underneath Goro could hear a far shriller voice speaking.
“Oh my god,” Akira whispered. He stumbled backwards. He grabbed Goro’s phone from his
hand and threw it at the entity.
Obviously, it did nothing. Goro accepted that he was never going to see that phone again.
Goro summoned a persona on random and shouted, “Megidolaon!”
The entity didn’t bother to dodge. The blast of almighty damage seemingly did no damage at
all.
He laughed, and the world continued to glitch around him. “You’re going to have to do better
than that.”
Akira grabbed Goro’s hand and began tugging at him. “Goro, we have to run,” he said.
Akira was right. There was no way Goro was going to win this battle alone.
Goro spun around and began sprinting after Akira. The entity’s laughter only grew louder.
“You can run all you’d like,” he said. “It doesn’t change the fact that I hold control of this
world.”
Akira had stopped running, and Goro skidded to a halt beside him. Where there was once an
innocent enough stream, Goro stood on the edge of a precipice. He couldn’t see the bottom.
“Please let this be a bad dream,” Akira muttered, shutting his eyes tightly. “Please, please,
please–”
The world was getting darker around them. The entity was getting closer.
Goro’s pocket felt very warm. He reached inside and pulled out the same card that Igor had
given him. Its reflective surface began to glow a blue hue.
“What’s that?” Akira demanded.

The card was so bright that Goro had to squint. Was it just his imagination, or was it growing
bigger?
The monster shrieked. “Where did you get that?!”
The card yanked itself from Goro’s grasp and floated in front of them. It was now the size of
a small window, and a small force dragged Goro and Akira toward it.
Inconveniently enough, that was also toward the edge of the cliff. Goro dug his heels into the
ground.
The monster continued screeching. Goro cast rakukaja on both himself and Akira just before
they were hit by a devastating blast of magic. Akira shouted in pain. Goro himself felt tears
spring to his eyes.
“Diarama,” Goro whispered, drawing from one of his other personas. Warmth filled his body,
but for how long would they be able to hold?
The card was now the size of a door. It looked more like a massive mirror than a card, and the
once small force was now becoming a vacuum. Goro was unable to do anything as he and
Akira were yanked suddenly off their feet and sucked toward the mirror’s surface.
Instead of hitting the cold surface of a mirror, like Goro expected, Goro’s legs went straight
through it. The silvery blue surface of the card rippled like water. Akira screamed in alarm as
they were pulled deeper into the mirror’s surface.
Goro caught a glimpse of the tentacle monster being yanked off the ground before he was
submerged by inky darkness.

Kanji had received Goro’s distress signal along with everyone else on the team. But when
they arrived at the location texted to them, all that was left was a pile of drying blood in the
grass, a destroyed door and window, and a broken television.
The police were baffled, but they forced the Kanji and the others away from the crime scene.
Apparently, they needed to ‘preserve the evidence.’ Which would make sense if there
actually was evidence to work with.
Kanji caught Dojima muttering as they walked away from the house to watch the crime scene
from a distance. “These kids are going to be the death of me.”
He was worried. They were all worried.
“What the heck happened?” Chie asked.
“You don’t think Goro-kun is dead, do you?” Yukiko asked, her lip trembling.
“You need a body to be dead,” Yosuke said grimly. “Did you see that TV? Don’t you think
Goro might have tried to escape through there?”

“That would also explain the disappearance of Kurusu-kun,” Naoto said. “Neighbors report
that he’s usually home by this hour, but he’s nowhere in sight.”
“Maybe he’s just shopping?” Teddie asked hopefully.
“But why would the TV be broken?” Rise asked. “We never dove through broken
televisions.”
Kanji’s phone chose that moment to start ringing. Kanji chose to ignore it.
“Maybe we should meet in the TV world and try to locate them,” Yu said. “If they went in
here, we’ll have no idea where they ended up.”
Rise nodded. “I hope we can find them before anything else happens.”
Could Kanji’s phone stop ringing?
“Give me a second,” Kanji said. He’d answer, see what this person wanted to say so badly,
and return to making sure Goro wasn’t dead.
“Hello?” Kanji asked irritably.
“Hi, this is Isshiki Futaba, I’m a friend of Goro-kun’s,” a voice of a young girl said. “And
he’d better still be alive!”
“Uh… we’re working on that,” Kanji said. “But how did you know–”
“Some creepy guy wanted him dead because he was a disappointment or something, and then
there was a gunshot, and-and– then he, Goro-kun, I mean, made noise, and then he was with
someone else, and then the phone cut out! Do you need anything with hacking abilities?
Because I can do that. I can help.”
Kanji lowered his phone, still baffled. “Yu-kun, do we need anyone with hacking skills?”
Yu’s brows furrowed together. “No, I think we’re good.” He glanced behind him at the crime
scene. “We should get going.”
Kanji nodded as they started jogging to Junes. “Um, we’re alright for now,” he said. “But
thanks for the offer? How old are you?”
“Ugh, forget it,” Isshiki said. “Just keep me posted, okay?”
“Sure.” Kanji hung up. “Good news, guys! I think you’re right. According to Goro’s friend,
she heard Goro talking before the phone cut out. Or something.”
“You think entering the TV caused the signal to die?” Naoto asked.
Kanji nodded. “Exactly.” Knowing Goro was alive didn’t make him feel that much better,
especially considering that creep Tsuyoshi might be involved. The worry was practically
enough to make him sick to his stomach. “Now let’s hurry up and find him.”

Goro and Akira crashed into wooden flooring, and a wave of dust rose around them. Goro
pressed his palms against the rough surface, coughing and gasping for breath simultaneously.
Akira wheezed as Goro inhaled sharply.
The simultaneously bitter and spicy smell of Leblanc hit Goro like a bullet.
Goro jumped to his feet, suddenly aware of the bar counter next to him. The true Sayuri hung
on the wall, and only a few meters away from Goro were the stairs leading up to Akira’s
room.
“What is this place?” Akira asked.
Why were Goro’s eyes burning?
The bell chimed behind them. Goro spun around as the door swung open.
Kurusu Akira, seventeen years old and bundled up in winter clothes, entered Leblanc.
“Kurusu-kun?” Goro whispered.
Akira didn’t even look at him. He walked through Goro, as incorporeal as a ghost. Goro
didn’t even feel cold as Akira passed.
Goro continued to watch as Akira walked up the stairs and disappeared from view.
The other Akira, still twelve and ignorant, looked absolutely baffled. “Who was that?” he
asked. “What just happened?”
“I–”
“Don’t lie to me,” Akira snapped before Goro could even finish. “You called him Kurusu.
You know who he is. But he’s too young to be my uncle, and my dad doesn’t look like that,
and neither of them are ghosts–”
The lights buzzed as they flickered in and out. Akira froze.
The air began to grow colder.
“We need to get out of here,” Goro said. Tsuyoshi was being dragged through the same portal
as they had. It was only a matter of time before it appeared, and that time was getting closer
by the minute.
“Okay,” Akira said, his voice wavering.
Goro turned to the front door before the lights burned out entirely. Tsuyoshi crashed face-first
into the ground in front of them from seemingly out of nowhere. He was back in his human
form, although Goro couldn’t make out his face in the darkness.

It didn’t matter. Tsuyoshi was blocking their exit, and there was very little hope of them
making it successfully past him.
Goro grabbed Akira’s arm and shoved them both underneath the table nearest to the front
door. Akira was blessedly wise enough to stay completely silent. His face was paler than
ever, but he kept his mouth pressed into a thin line. Goro held his breath.
“Fucking shit,” Tsuyoshi hissed as he got to his feet. “Are you kidding me?”
Akira’s eyes widened.
“Alright Goro, enough with the running.” Tsuyoshi’s eyes glowed a dim yellow in the dark as
he started walking forward. Goro and Akira leaned further away from him as he approached.
“Let’s just discuss this like adults.”
Quiet breaths. Don’t think about hiding from Jin. Akira needed him.
“Oh, I see what’s happening here,” Tsuyoshi said. “You’re hiding, aren’t you? You’re so
afraid that you’ve reduced yourself to hiding behind bar counters.”
Tsuyoshi’s silhouette was approaching the back end of the room. Goro silently moved out
from under the table, pushing Akira to follow him.
“Come out, come out wherever you are!” Tsuyoshi exclaimed as Goro crept to Leblanc’s
door. “I promise I won’t bite.”
Goro opened the door. The bell chimed obnoxiously, and Tsuyoshi’s eyes appeared from
behind the counter.
Goro and Akira ran.
Instead of leading out into Yongen-Jaya, the door lead to a flight of stairs. Goro stumbled
down the spiral staircase, too afraid to look behind him. Akira’s frantic breathing followed.
They ended up in a place that looked remarkably like Junes’ food section. Aisles filled the
room, and there was a produce section ahead of Goro to the right.
The lights began to flicker on and off, and Goro didn’t bother to assess his surroundings. He
dragged Akira behind a large shelf as Tsuyoshi’s footsteps echoed behind them. The lights
burned out, engulfing the Junes in darkness.
“While we play this little game of hide and seek, let me tell you a story,” Tsuyoshi said. His
voice was frighteningly close, but Goro couldn’t spot his eyes. Goro and Akira continued to
creep along the side of the shelf as Goro’s eyes slowly adjusted to the darkness. “You see, it
starts with a friendly little bet.”
Tsuyoshi’s footsteps echoed from the other side of the shelf. Goro froze when he reached the
end. He craned his neck around the corner and spotted Tsuyoshi standing in the center of the
room, his eyes still glowing that dangerous yellow hue. Goro yanked his head back behind
the shelf.

“I thought that humanity would destroy itself,” Tsuyoshi said. “But that Philemon… he
thought it would enlighten itself.” Tsuyoshi laughed. “I mean, what a joke, right?”
Goro glanced at Tsuyoshi again. He couldn’t see his eyes. Hopefully that meant his back was
turned.
“Long story short, Philemon gets these annoying-ass heroes of justice, they defeat me, I fade
into the collective unconsciousness, etcetera, etcetera.”
Goro and Akira ran behind another shelving unit. Their footsteps weren’t as quiet as Goro
had hoped. Tsuyoshi’s footsteps began to head in their direction at a lazy pace.
“After that, I was asleep—or banished, whatever you want to call it—for almost twenty
years. Maybe that seems like a long time to toddlers like you, but it was really closer to a
blink. Do you want to know what snapped me out of it? Any guessers?”
A pile of boxes sat just past the shelves Akira and Goro were creeping behind. If they could
duck behind the boxes before Tsuyoshi could catch sight of them, they might have a moment
to catch their breath.
“No audience interaction at all,” Tsuyoshi sighed. “It was this dumbass named Maruki.
Thought he could become a god. Fused reality with the cognitive world.”
Goro and Akira crouched behind the boxes. A few meters away, Tsuyoshi’s eyes peered
down the aisle they were standing in just moments before.
“Well, reality stayed fucked up for a month or so, which gave me plenty of time to come to
my senses,” Tsuyoshi said. “I found that the world had been through quite a few changes
since I was last online.”
The eyes got closer as Tsuyoshi walked down the aisle. Goro and Akira shuffled around the
boxes to stay out of sight, careful not to make a sound.
“Did you know that Yaldabaoth gave you the metaverse app, Goro?” Tsuyoshi asked. “Do
you want to know why?”
Goro held out a hand to tell Akira to stay put. With any luck, Tsuyoshi would walk away
from the boxes and give them an opening to get to the other side of the room. With any luck,
there was an exit.
“You were so full of bitterness and rage that Yaldabaoth saw you as a distortion.” Tsuyoshi
laughed as his footsteps stopped. He sounded like he was right in front of them. “He wanted
you to be the antagonist in his trickster’s story.”
Goro clenched his fists. Now wasn’t the time to be distracted, but how could he not be? Not
only had he been manipulated by Shido, but he had been manipulated by a deity who wanted
to see Goro be the villain? Was his entire life nothing but being a pawn for someone else’s
game?

“Oh, did Kurusu-kun not mention that?” Tsuyoshi said mockingly. There was no way he saw
Goro’s face– Goro would see his face too– but he must have guessed at Goro’s reaction.
“Didn’t want to hurt your feelings. Or maybe he was afraid of what you’d do if you knew.”
Goro bit his tongue. Don’t react. Don’t say anything. Tsuyoshi wanted a reaction out of him.
Goro couldn’t give him that pleasure. He couldn’t give away their location.
If Goro could see Akira’s facial expression in this darkness, he was sure it’d be baffled.
“Anyway,” Tsuyoshi said. His voice began to grow farther away as he continued walking
away from them. “I thought… wow, so many opportunities for humanity to have been
destroyed while I was gone, and they didn’t take even one? From another perspective,
Philemon had won our little bet.”
Goro crept along the edge of the boxes and glanced around the corner. He couldn’t even see
Tsuyoshi’s silhouette.
“That perspective would be wrong.” Tsuyoshi’s voice hardened. “Philemon is a little cheat,
always handpicking heroes he knows will be able to save the day. Giving them helpers and
personas and the like. His precious wildcards.”
Goro gestured for Akira to follow him.
“Here’s the good news.” Tsuyoshi’s voice brightened. “I’m a cheater too. So I thought, what
if I bring my own wildcard to the fray? Someone who will maybe be a negative influence on
Philemon’s heroes of justice.”
Goro didn’t like where this was going. He and Akira huddled behind a large barrel filled with
who-knows-what.
“Sorry about the time travel thing,” Tsuyoshi said. “I know you hated it. But that was kind of
the point.”
From their new position, Goro could see a bright light emerging from one of the freezer doors
behind a shelf. That must be their exit.
If only Tsuyoshi wasn’t standing directly in front of it.
“You were meant to hate the world,” Tsuyoshi continued. Did he just enjoy listening to the
sound of his own voice? “You were meant to encourage everyone to kill the Appriser. You
were meant to want the end to come so badly that you would do whatever it took to make
sure it happened.”
Goro ducked back behind the barrel and glanced at Akira. He pointed at the large silhouette
of the produce section. Akira nodded.
“Instead, you do what? You make friends! Imagine! A distortion like yourself actually
convincing himself he could heal. That he could start fresh. What a joke.”

As they began to creep toward the produce, Goro tried to ignore the words coming out of
Tsuyoshi’s mouth.
“You can’t be redeemed.” Tsuyoshi’s voice became angrier and angrier. “I thought some time
with that Takaya would convince you to join Strega’s side. But you just ran away like a
coward! Then, of course, I put a request to get your best friend killed, but you came to her
fucking rescue.”
They successfully made it to the produce. Goro looked at Akira and made a throwing motion
with his hand, pointing to the barrel they were just hiding behind. If they could knock over
the barrel, it might fool Tsuyoshi into thinking they’re in a different location, which might
give them an opportunity to run to the door.
“You were actually convincing yourself you were a hero. You actually saved lives with your
presence.”
That was news. Too many people had died that year.
Akira removed a spherical fruit from one of the boxes.
“There was still hope with the fog in Inaba, though. I mean, I sowed mistrust between your
friends by planting that tracker on your leader… I got you all drunk that one time. That was
hilarious.”
Akira took aim.
“I even pretended to be your best friend’s uncle!” Akira froze, his arm half-way poised to
throw. “That’s right, Akira-kun. Goro was right all along! I’m really just a monster in
disguise. How does that make you feel?”
Goro would take the fruit and throw it himself, but he was in a less good position to aim. And
they would need to make a break for it as soon as they made the throw. Would Akira follow
him in his state?
“All in the hopes of getting Goro-kun to do anything to prevent those brats from finding the
real killer. I was so certain Goro would at least kill Namatame, which would have been the
sure path to killing that little girl and ruining the world.”
Goro almost had. Goro had almost done exactly what Tsuyoshi wanted. Would Nanako not
wake up if they had done that?
There was still no time for thinking about what could have been. Goro put a hand on Akira’s
shoulder, hoping to shake him out of it.
Akira yanked himself away.
“But you managed to save the world again. And that brat Marie. And last time with
Yaldabaoth you couldn’t destroy the world when you tried, so there’s no hope there. My plan
failed. And you want to know the most frustrating part?”

Akira took a silent breath and once again took aim toward the barrel. He wound up his arm.
“You’ve managed to convince yourself and everyone around you that you’re the good guy.”
Tsuyoshi laughed nastily. “But we both know the truth. Good guys don’t kill their friends.”
Akira threw the fruit across the room. It hit the barrel and tipped it over with a devastating
crash.
“There you are,” Tsuyoshi said. His footsteps began to approach the barrel. Goro and Akira
made a mad sprint toward the exit door. They skidded around the shelves, and Goro pulled
the door open with both hands.
“Wait a minute…” Tsuyoshi muttered. Either he heard their feet skidding against the
linoleum tile, or he noticed nobody was at the barrel. It didn’t matter. Goro and Akira were
already sprinting down the stairs as Tsuyoshi’s voice faded behind them. “You little fuckers!”
The next floor was filled with yellow fog, looking exactly like the TV world, but the exit was
in plain sight. It was a massive mirror like the one they entered through, and it was glowing
the same blue color as the previous one.
Goro grabbed Akira’s hand and sprinted toward it. As if walking through water, they dove
through the liquid surface. Tsuyoshi screamed behind them.
They landed in a very familiar looking shack. Neither of them wasted any time contemplating
where they were. They jumped to their feet and began to run further away from the mirror.
If Tsuyoshi jumped out after them, Goro wasn’t sure what they would do. They couldn’t play
this game of cat and mouse forever, and Tsuyoshi had far more stamina than either of them.
But the mirror had stopped glowing. Tsuyoshi didn’t come out of it.
“Is he gone?” Akira asked, staring at the mirror with the same level of confusion Goro felt.
Igor had said the strange card was a gift to help him. Did it serve as some sort of prison to
keep Tsuyoshi trapped? Why had Igor waited so long to give Goro the key?
“If he could follow us, he would have by now,” Goro said. He crouched down and gasped for
breath. “Shit.”
His phone was missing from his pocket thanks to Akira’s stunt earlier. Goro did have the
emergency button still, which he pressed. At least somebody would know where to pick him
up.
“You have to explain to me what’s going on,” Akira said. His voice shook. “That was my
uncle. And we were in some weird magic land, and we just walked through a mirror, and
apparently you knew me with time travel? What’s going on?”
So, for the fifth time in this wretched timeline, Goro explained everything.

Silent tears ran down Akira’s face by the time Goro was done. Goro didn’t look him in the
eye.
“I’m sorry,” Akira said.
“Why?” Goro asked. Of all the reactions he expected, an apology was not one of them.
“You tried to warn me,” Akira said. “You told me my uncle was evil, and I didn’t listen at all.
I accused you of lying.”
“Oh, well, I don’t blame you for not believing me.” That wasn’t true. But after everything
that had just occurred, Goro wasn’t particularly inclined to saddle Akira with guilt.
“You should.” Akira stared at his feet. “I’m sorry I’m not him.”
Goro’s mouth felt very dry. He knew exactly what Akira was talking about, but it felt wrong
to say so. “Him?”
“Your rival,” Akira said. “He’s the reason you came here in the first place, right? I must’ve
been a really big disappointment in comparison.”
“You weren’t–”
“I was.” Akira glared at Goro. “Please don’t try to lie to me again. I can’t imagine myself
doing half of the stuff Joker does. I would be disappointed if I was in your shoes.”
“You’re a very good friend, Akira-kun,” Goro said, trying to keep his voice firm. “I don’t
care if you’re not like your former counterpart.”
How could something feel so true and yet so false at the same time? Even Akira looked
disappointed by Goro’s answer.
“If you could choose,” Akira said. “Him or me. Which would you decide?”
“That’s not fair.”
“Which?” Akira’s voice cracked.
Goro missed the old Akira. Some days he missed him so much that his chest hurt, and Goro
wanted nothing more than to wake up in his old reality just to speak to him again.
But to see him again at the cost of losing the Akira he knew now? Would it be worth it?
“I don’t know,” Goro whispered.
Birds chirped loudly outside the shack. Goro could barely hear any passing cars.
“Right,” Akira said, his voice hushed. “Sorry. I shouldn’t have asked.”
“I can’t blame you,” Goro said. He stood up and dusted off his pants. “Let’s get out of this
dump.”

Goro and Akira left the shack, and Goro identified it as the shack he and Junpei investigated
back in August, just with even more scorch marks and even a few holes in the walls. Still, the
chances of it being anything else were slim. How many shacks existed with a giant mirror in
the middle of nowhere?
“But I still don’t understand,” Akira said. “How were we able to go through the mirrors?
Why didn’t Uncl—the monster follow us back out?”
“If I had to guess… the mirror is the entrance to a prison of some kind. For whatever reason,
we can leave, but Tsuyoshi is trapped. The prison must also dampen his abilities, which is
why he returned to human form.”
“I guess… but what’s the mirror doing here in the middle of nowhere?” Akira asked. “And
what’s with the scorch marks?”
“I assume Igor--he’s in charge of personas and wildcards--was preparing the prison closer to
me, but Tsuyoshi caught wind of it and brought it here to destroy it.” Goro frowned. “This is
all speculation, of course. We’d likely have to go back in to find out more.”
“Go back in? Seriously?”
“Let’s not worry about that for now,” Goro said. “I’d like to speak to the others before doing
anything.”
“Alright,” Akira said quietly. “I guess we just have to wait for them to arrive.”
An uncomfortable silence fell over them, and they sat down and waited.
Priestess Arcana: Rank 9

Chapter End Notes

I had to draw a whole diagram in my sketchbook to figure out where Nyarly and
Akechi/Akira would be during that monologue lol.
For those of you who are like 'what just happened', basically:
-igor gives akechi a strange card
-akechi and akira fled nyarly by going through the television
-turns out nyarly isn't afraid of pulling out his ultimate form in the television
-the card turns out to be a key/portal to another place
-the other place is very strange and has a floor that looks like leblanc and a floor that
looks like junes
-nyarlys less powerful in said other place but his vibes are bad enough to cause the lights
to go out because i think thats Cool
-Goro and Akira sneak around and hide from nyarly while nyarly monologues and they
manage to escape since this other place has dampened nyarlys powers

-The end
Hopefully most of you don't need that, but I get it if you do lol.
I'm gonna leave the p5 suggestions/social link vote form up for the entirety of this part,
so if you haven't already, feel free to fill it out!
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments! <3

Chapter 91: March 18–21, 2012
Chapter Summary

Wow, that is a LOT of people in one scene.

Chapter Notes

tw: blood, referenced child neglect, ptsd, self-hatred

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“What have they done to it?!” Teddie exclaimed in horror.
The team entered the TV world in the hopes of finding Goro and Akira, but instead they
found that the place now had a terrifying cliffside where Yu was pretty sure there used to be a
stream.
“It’s okay, Teddie-kun,” Yukiko hastened to assure him. “At least the fog hasn’t come back.”
“This place feels… off,” Rise said. “Like something really bad used to be here, but is gone
now. An imprint, I guess.”
“Sure, sure, but what about Goro?” Kanji interrupted, crossing his arms. “Is he here?”
“Akira-kun too,” Yosuke added.
Rise shut her eyes and summoned her persona. Her shoulders slumped a few moments later.
“No sign of them.”
“Damnit,” Kanji muttered.
“What does that mean?” Chie demanded. “Where could they be?”
“I don’t know,” Yu said, his own worry rising.
“Let’s leave and reassess what we know,” Naoto said. “Perhaps someone has found them
while we’ve been gone.”
Almost as soon as they exited the TV world, Yu noticed he had received a text on his phone
with coordinates. He also had a missed call from Kirijo-san.

“Oh, thank god,” Kanji let out a breath. “Goro’s pressed the button again. He’s alive.”
“Alright,” Yu said, texting Kirijo to let her know that they’d get Goro and she should just
focus on getting to Inaba. “Let’s get him.”

It was Dojima’s car that rolled down the gravel lot and stopped almost directly in front of
them. Yu and Dojima both jumped out of the car, jogging toward them.
“Are you okay?” Yu asked immediately. “What happened?”
“Where are you injured?” Dojima asked.
Akira shrunk back from the two of them. “We’re fine,” he said. He glanced at Goro. “I
think.”
“You don’t bleed that much and be fine,” Dojima said.
Goro pointed to his forehead. “Apart from a scar, I seem to have recovered,” he said dryly.
Yu’s face turned almost as gray as his hair. “But that’s…”
“He was shot in the head,” Akira said, almost mechanically. “I saw it. But then he got up
again.”
“That’s not how that works,” Dojima said.
“Well, I sincerely doubt you’ll believe me when I say that I had an immortality pendant
around my neck for the past two years and finally chose to make use of it,” Goro said
sweetly. “Can we please leave?”
To their credit, the only one who looked like he wanted to question it was Dojima, who kept
his mouth shut anyway.
“Alright,” Dojima sighed. “Get in.”
“What happened to your phone?” Yu asked as Akira and Goro climbed into the back seat.
“We couldn’t reach you at all. Not even your weird hacker friend could contact you.”
Akira picked up Nanako’s booster seat and placed it in the trunk behind them. Goro shut the
car door. “Akira threw it at an eldritch monster.”
Dojima sputtered.
“Sorry,” Akira muttered.
“I probably would have done the same in your shoes,” Yu said sympathetically. “What’s this
about an eldritch monster?”

“Are everyone’s seatbelts on?” Dojima asked. He glanced over his shoulder and shot a stern
expression at Goro and Akira. They quickly buckled their seatbelts.
“Remember Tsuyoshi?” Goro asked as Dojima began to drive back up the gravel road.
“Turns out his true form is a tentacle monster. Or something. He wanted to see the end the
world because of some sort of bet with another ultra-powerful being. Or maybe he just hates
humanity, I'm not clear. He was the one who put the tracker in your jacket.”
Akira looked out the window and rested his forehead against the glass.
“Oh. Well, I guess compared to a gas station attendant that’s not really all that surprising. We
knew there was something up with the guy.”
“So they know about the magic stuff?” Akira asked quietly. “And the time travel thing?”
“What’s this about time travel?” Dojima asked.
Oh, for the love of– forget it.
“I’m a murderer who died at the ripe age of eighteen and was sent back to the time when I
was ten years old so that I could fuck things up more,” Goro snapped. “Any questions?”
“That last part was new,” Yu said. Dojima merged back onto the highway.
“It’s my uncle’s fault,” Akira said.
“Why does everything suddenly make sense now?” Dojima muttered, clenching the steering
wheel like it was life support.
“Are you going to arrest me, Dojima-san?” Goro asked nastily. “You don’t have any proof.
Nearly everyone I’ve killed is alive now.”
“Nearly everyone?” Yu asked. “I thought you didn’t start killing people until you were like
fifteen.”
“Fifteen,” Dojima muttered.
“I was very nearly sixteen,” Goro hastened to say.
“He was a hitman masking as a celebrity; try not to think too hard about it,” Yu said.
“And just because I haven’t actively killed anyone in this timeline doesn’t mean I didn’t
accidentally lead anyone to their deaths,” Goro muttered. His mother and Chidori being
prime examples.
“Unless you killed them directly, I really don’t think that can count as your fault,” Yu said.
“Can we not talk about this right now?” Goro snapped. He crossed his arms. “If we give
Dojima anymore of a migraine, he’s going to crash this vehicle.”

“I hate to agree,” Dojima said grimly.
“You’re not going to arrest him, are you?” Akira asked.
Dojima sighed, deflating. “No. I’m not arresting him. Nobody would take the confession
seriously even if I wanted to.”
“That’s what I thought,” Goro muttered.
“On a change of subject,” Dojima said. “Kurusu-kun, I contacted your parents about the
incident. They said they were away on a day trip but that they were on their way back.”
“Okay,” Akira said.
“Kurusu-kun…” Yu said hesitantly. “How often do your parents go on ‘day trips’?”
“Not very often,” Akira fibbed.
“No,” Goro said sarcastically. “It would be more accurate to call them month trips. Those
happen on the regular.”
“He’s lying,” Akira said with a reproachful glare. “They don’t do that.”
“Look, Kurusu-kun, you’re not in trouble,” Dojima said. “But if your parents are neglecting
you, we need to know. It’s a dereliction of care.”
“They care about me,” Akira said. “And besides, my uncle…”
The silence was heavy as cars sped past Dojima, who was driving at the speed limit. “Do you
have any living relatives?” Dojima asked.
“My, um, actual uncle might still be in the states,” Akira said quietly. “I don’t know. But my
parents aren’t neglectful.”
“I can guarantee you that the foster system isn’t going to be any better than they are,” Goro
said.
Dojima sighed. “What do you want me to do?” he asked. “I can’t let you live alone. You’re
not even in middle school.”
“Do you know anyone looking to adopt?” Yu asked quietly.
“I want to stay in Inaba,” Akira pleaded. “And I don’t want to leave my parents.”
“Akira, your parents have left you behind,” Goro snapped. “So much so that you were in the
process of being groomed. You can’t keep living like this.”
“They’re all I have,” Akira said.
“You have me.”

Akira glowered out the window. “Fine. Do whatever you want.”
When they finally arrived back in Inaba, late in the evening, Akira’s parents were already
surveying the wreckage of their home. From the safety of Dojima’s car, Goro watched
Dojima escort Akira to his parents.
The mother wept appropriately over Akira, checking him for injuries and exclaiming how
worried she was. Even Akira’s father looked concerned.
But it was too little, too late. Akira almost died alone due to their negligence. Goro refused to
let that be swept under the rug.
“Are you alright?” asked a voice, causing Goro to jump.
It was Yosuke’s father. Hanamura-san wore a grim expression, probably noticing the blood
all over Goro.
“Oh, Hanamura-san,” Goro said. “Yes… I’m fine. I’m surprised you thought to come here.”
“How could I not? Probably everyone in town heard those gunshots, and then both Yosuke
and Teddie ran off in a panicked rush,” Hanamura said. “When I heard you two disappeared,
I’ve been checking in to see if you and poor Akira-kun show up. It’s a major relief to know
that you both are alright.”
Goro supposed that wasn’t completely unreasonable. “Are you acquainted with Akira-kun?”
“Of course,” Hanamura said. “I haven’t been here long, but he comes by Junes enough for me
to know him. He’s a good kid.”
Goro nodded exhaustedly. “Yeah, he is.”

Mitsuru waited for for him outside the Tatsumi residence. Goro bowed deeply and apologized
for worrying her before explaining everything that happened.
“I’m afraid I lost my phone in our escape,” Goro said. “I’m sorry.”
“Please stop apologizing,” Mitsuru said. “Of course I’ll replace your phone. It’s no issue.”
Goro swallowed. “Right.”
“We can talk more about what happened later,” Mitsuru said, folding her arms in front of her
chest. “Take a shower and get some rest. It’s been a long day.”
Goro entered the house and was immediately attacked—no, hugged—by Tatsumi, who only
embraced him for a fraction of a second before focusing her attention on his blood-soaked
clothes and hair.
“Are you injured?” Tatsumi asked. Goro was too overwhelmed to respond.

“He’s fine, Ma,” Kanji said quickly. “Stop worrying so much, geez.”
But even Kanji looked like he was half-tempted to check Goro for bullet wounds. Goro
brushed away Tatsumi’s worried hand, which was still checking his head for injuries, and
stepped away from the both of them.
“I’m uninjured,” Goro said. “And I don’t know who did this to me, so I think I would like to
shower.”
“I’d say you’d give me gray hairs, but Kanji has already given me a full head,” Tatsumi said.
Goro managed a small laugh. “My apologies.”
“Don’t you dare apologize.” Tatsumi put her hands on her hips sternly. “You take a shower
and put on a nice change of clothes. I’ll have a warm meal waiting for you. You look like you
need it.”
“I’ll help with that,” Kanji said eagerly, following Tatsumi into the kitchen as Goro headed to
the bathroom.
With a breath of relief, Goro finally made it to a shower. He washed the blood from his hair
and skin as quickly as possible. He wasn’t in the right headspace to be in the water for longer
than necessary.
He changed into his pajamas and picked up Monster Cat from his resting place on top of his
climbing toy. Miraculously, Monster Cat didn’t resist. Instead, when Goro sat down on his
futon, he curled up in Goro’s lap and stared at Goro with wide yellow eyes.
Goro stared back as he tried to wrap his mind around everything that had happened.
He had known for years that Tsuyoshi wished him harm. He hadn’t been subtle about it. But
with context… to know that everything Tsuyoshi did was to encourage Goro to ruin
everything for everyone… to be a pawn in Tsuyoshi’s game…
It made Goro sick to his stomach. How many times had Goro nearly fallen for any of his
traps?
If it had taken three years for Tsuyoshi to decide Goro was a lost cause, Goro must have been
doing a pretty good job of nearly destroying the world with his presence.
Goro’s hands shook. He buried them deeper into Monster Cat’s fur.
Tsuyoshi was right. Somewhere along the line, Goro had somehow convinced himself that he
was a hero. A good guy. That he had redeemed himself.
But could people like Goro really be redeemed? Had Goro really changed? Or was he just
continuing his same routine of seeking acknowledgement, and this time that was attainable
by being a good person?
What had Shinjiro’s letter said, if Tsuyoshi thought it was necessary to burn it to a crisp?

Goro buried his face in Monster Cat’s fur, trying his hardest to ignore the way his whole body
shook.

They sat in Jazz Jin. Muhen had greeted them with his usual smile, and the live singer was
performing that day.
“How many times is it now?” Akira asked, placing his elbows on the table and propping his
chin up in his hands.
“What?”
“How many times have you been shot in the head?”
Goro sighed. “It’s only been twice.”
“Shit,” Akira muttered. “I’ve got to up my game.”
“Seriously?”
“We’re rivals,” Akira said. “It’s not fair that you’ve been shot in the head twice while I’ve
only been shot in the head once.”
“I’m beginning to wonder if this rivalry is healthy.”
Akira laughed. “Of course it’s not,” he said. He pulled a gun from the inside of his Shujin
uniform and handed it to Goro. “How about it? Will you shoot me in the head for the sake of
our rivalry?”
Goro glowered and pushed the gun away. “Don’t be–”
But Akira was already dead. His head rested against the table in a pool of its own blood.
Goro jumped out of his seat, startled out of his mind.
“What…”
“I’m not him,” twelve-year-old Akira said, inspecting his own body. “I’ll never be him.”

Goro awoke abruptly to a loud knocking on the door. Goro stared at the ceiling, trying to
gather his surroundings.
“Goro-kun?” Kanji’s voice said from the other side of the door. “Are you awake?”
“Just a moment,” Goro said. After failing to nudge Monster Cat from his chest, Goro pulled
him off and set Monster Cat gently on his futon. Goro opened the door to reveal an extremely
exhausted looking Kanji. “What time is it?”

“Um, one in the morning,” Kanji said. “But she wouldn’t let me sleep unless she could talk to
you.”
Kanji held his phone out to Goro. Goro took it extremely cautiously and held it up to his ear.
“Hello, Futaba,” Goro said.
“You asshole!” Futaba cried, her voice cracking. “How could you lose your phone like
that?!”
“It was quite simple, really,” Goro said, running his fingers through his hair. “Akira-kun took
it and threw it at some sort of eldritch creature masquerading as his uncle. Next?”
Futaba sniffed. “Like Cthulhu?”
“I’m sure I have no idea,” Goro said.
“What did he look like?”
“There were plenty of tentacles and eyes to go around.” Goro sighed. “Is this line of
questioning relevant?”
“It makes me feel better, you jerk,” Futaba snapped. “You really scared me.”
“I apologize.”
“You–you’re so stupid,” Futaba said. “You’re not meant to apologize.”
Goro frowned. “Right. Well, now that you’re thoroughly comforted that I’m alive, could I
please go back to sleep?”
“Alright,” Futaba sighed. “But no more funny business!”
“No promises.”
Goro hung up and handed the phone back to Kanji. “Sorry about her,” he said.
Kanji shrugged. “It’s whatever. It wasn’t getting that much sleep anyways.”
“Right, well…” Goro swallowed. “I’m sorry for worrying you all.”
“It’s not me I’m worried about,” Kanji said. “Are you sure… are you sure he won’t come
after you again?”
“If he could have, he would have,” Goro said. “I’m fine.”
“Was that lie for your benefit or mine? ‘Cause I’m not feeling better.”
Goro bit the inside of his cheek and blinked away the tears that wanted to break free. “Kanji,”
he said shakily. “I’ve had a really long day, so I think I would just like… I think I would just
like to sleep it off.”

Kanji’s expression softened. “Okay,” he said. “But if you need anything, just holler, okay?”
Goro nodded. “I’ll bear that in mind.”

“I don’t think we’re going to be able to host the meeting at my house if there’s this many
people,” Yosuke said, surveying the unusual crowd that had gathered at Junes. Not only had
the entire Investigation Team come to discuss what had occurred the day before, but all of
SEES came as well.
“Is that a robot?” Kanji asked, staring at Aigis with a terrified expression.
“I am Aigis,” Aigis said. “I was created as an Anti-Shadow Suppression Weapon, so it is not
inaccurate to say I am a robot. However, I have developed a will most machines do not
possess.”
“Wow,” Chie said.
“Why are you all here?” Goro asked.
“If you seriously expected us to continue on with our lives when one of our best friends was
shot in the head yesterday, you have another thing coming,” Ken said, rolling his eyes.
“So… is it normal to have a twelve-year-old on the team?” Yu asked.
“I don’t want to talk about it,” Yukari muttered.
“First of all, I’m almost fourteen,” Ken said. “Second of all, don’t worry. I’m your garden
variety thirteen-year-old. No time travel included.”
“I’m sure that makes them feel so much better,” Goro said.
“At least it’s less confusing.” Yosuke laughed nervously. “What does that make Goro-kun?
Limited edition time traveling thirteen-year-old?”
“Wait a minute,” Naoto said, staring at Yukari. “You’re an actor in the newest Featherman
series, aren’t you?”
Yukari laughed nervously. “You noticed, huh?”
“Everyone who knows their stuff notices,” Junpei said. “You’re practically a radar for any
diehard Featherman fans out there.”
“Do you do your own stunts?” Rise asked.
“A little,” Yukari admitted.
“Don’t be modest,” Fuuka said. “Your agility is amazing.”

“Maybe we should return to the task at hand?” Minato suggested quietly. He glanced at
Mitsuru and Akihiko pleadingly. Speaking up still wasn’t particularly his forte.
“Right,” Akihiko said. “Where should we meet up?”
“The TV world should be safe, right?” Yukiko asked.
“I’m not sure,” Goro admitted. “Tsuyoshi did follow us in there, but he didn’t follow us out.”
Admittedly, that strange place didn’t seem like the TV world. But Goro would prefer not to
take any risks.
“Again, my room is way too small for all of us,” Yosuke said.
“Perhaps we should just find a relatively secluded spot outside to speak,” Mitsuru said. She
wore casual clothing that made her look almost unrecognizable compared to her official
public appearances. “There’s likely an abundance of those in a small town like this. Am I
wrong?”
“What about the hill?” Teddie asked. “People don’t usually go up there on school days.”
“Why bother?” Ryoji asked. “We’re such a big group that we might as well just sit at one of
the tables in the food court since we’re already here. I mean, won’t we attract more attention
walking to one place together?”
“He has a point,” Chie said reluctantly.
“Not to mention our foe isn’t a member of the general populace this time around,” Naoto
said. “People are likely to assume we’re just celebrating something.”
They went to the food court and dragged multiple round tables together until they had enough
seats for everyone. Once everyone was situated, Goro explained the previous day’s events
and summed up Tsuyoshi’s speech to everyone.
The rest of the group was appropriately horrified.
“You mean… this guy wanted you to end the world?” Fuuka asked.
“We almost ruined everything,” Yosuke muttered, his face ashen. “Oh my god, we almost
killed Nanako.”
“But we didn’t,” Yu said firmly. “Nanako’s better than ever now.”
“There’s so much about him that we don’t understand, but at least his seemingly random
movements against you make sense now,” Mitsuru said. “I’m sorry you had to go through it
alone.”
“I wasn’t alone,” Goro said.
“You only told us about this guy like four months ago,” Ryoji said. “I think we might have
different definitions of alone.”

“At least you’re not alone anymore, right?” Kanji asked.
“He’s an idiot,” Ken announced abruptly. Goro glanced at him in alarm. Ken grinned
sheepishly. “Not you, Goro, although you have your moments. I meant Tsuyoshi.”
“He’s certainly evil,” Naoto said. “But he seems like a rather calculating individual–”
“Why would he think that Goro-kun would make things worse?” Ken demanded. His grin
grew vindictive. “I wonder what his face looked like when he saved Shinji and me.”
“And his plan to tear us apart with the misplaced tracker was barely effective,” Yukiko said.
She giggled. “Not the most thought-out evil plan.”
“I’m glad you think this is so funny,” Goro said irritably. “Evil genius or not, that doesn’t
change the fact that he’s near unstoppable, and we know next to nothing about him. Speaking
of which, can I borrow somebody’s phone?”
Junpei shot Goro a confused look before he tossed his phone in Goro’s direction. Junpei had
obviously recently upgraded to a smartphone, but it was a far older model than Goro had ever
been used to in his teenage years. The screen was tiny. Still, Goro managed to open it.
“Remind me Amano’s phone number, Rise-chan?” Goro asked.
“Oh, um, right now?” Rise asked, obviously confused.
Goro gave a brief explanation of the odd incidents that had occurred in Sumaru thirteen years
ago and how it might apply to their current situation. Rise still looked somewhat alarmed but
gave him Amano’s phone number.
This time, Amano answered.
“This is Amano Maya, how can I help you?” Amano asked.
“Good afternoon, Amano-san,” Goro said. “My name is Akechi Goro. You might remember
me from a voicemail I sent you yesterday?”
“Oh yeah,” Amano said, her voice immediately more serious. “I tried to call you back, but
you didn’t respond. Since you’re calling with another number, I’m guessing something
happened to your phone?”
“You could say that,” Goro said. “Listen, there’s word that thirteen years ago, rumors were
coming to life in Sumaru in the midst of a serial killing case. Do you happen to know
anything about that?”
“A lot was going on at that time,” Amano said. “I was actually going to call you back to tell
you to stay out of it. It needs to stay in the past.”
There was definitely some truth to the claims, in that case. Goro couldn’t let this opportunity
go.

“Does the name Philemon sound familiar to you?” Goro asked. “Or maybe the spear used to
crucify Christ holds some sort of significance?”
The silence over the line was drawn-out and filled with static. Did they lose connection?
“Where did you hear that name?” Amano asked, her voice haunted.
“I spent my entire afternoon yesterday running from a monster who couldn’t shut up about
how much he hated him,” Goro said. “Something about a bet–”
“Nyarlathotep’s back?!”
“Is that his name?”
Amano hesitated. “Look, you’re still in Inaba, right? Give me half a day and I’ll be right
there. I can explain everything then.”
“Fine,” Goro said. “I’ll be looking forward to it.”
“That makes one of us.”
Amano hung up, and Goro handed the phone back to Junpei.
“What did she say?” Fuuka asked.
“Tsuyoshi’s real name is Nyarlathotep, apparently,” Goro said. “And she’ll be here in around
twelve hours to explain everything.”
“Wow,” Rise said. “Who would’ve thought that a random reporter would be involved in all
this?”

Amano arrived at the crack of dawn the following morning with a man who looked to be
about Dojima’s age. He wore a suit and tie that indicated he had been ripped away from his
workplace rather abruptly. Everyone dragged themselves out of bed and arrived at Junes so
they could meet before school started. Massive yawns filled their table at the food court, even
from the adults.
“The local Junes isn’t exactly a covert meeting place,” the strange man observed.
“We’ve already had this discussion,” Mitsuru said. “Unless you have a conference room on
hand, we’ll have to make do.”
“Um, shouldn’t we do introductions first?” Junpei asked.
“Oh, right,” Amano said. “My name is Amano Maya. It’s a pleasure to meet you.” She
bowed before glancing at Yu. “Since when did you guys have Kirijo Mitsuru on your side?”
“We’re just temporarily teaming up,” Fuuka said.

“It’s nice to meet you,” Yukari said.
“Maybe I should have invited Nanjo,” Amano mused. Mitsuru’s eyes widened. “I was kind of
in a rush. I kinda just grabbed Katsuya and began speeding to Inaba.”
“That would be accurate,” said the man. He cleared his throat. “Suou Katsuya. I’ve worked
with Maya during past… incidents.”
Goro hid his unease toward Suou. Amano was currently their best source of information; he
couldn’t question her decision to bring another person to the party. And if Amano thought it
was necessary to bring Nanjo Kei of the Nanjo group into this too, so be it. Still, Goro kept
his eye on Suou as they seated themselves in the food court.
“Alright, first order of business, information trading,” Yosuke said. “Who wants to go first?”
“I’m very curious to know how you’re involved with Nyarlathotep myself,” Suou said.
“Funny, I was about to say the same thing about you,” said Goro. He smiled. “But I assume
it’s connected to the incidents I reminded Amanao-san of.”
Amano frowned and nodded. “That’s right.”
She proceeded to confirm what Goro already knew about rumors coming to life in Sumaru in
1999. Apparently Nyarlathotep was the cause of this occurrence. Being the representation of
chaos and evil that rose from the collective unconscious, he made a bet with Philemon, who
was the exact opposite. Nyarlathotep bet humanity would destroy itself; Philemon had faith
in humanity to rise above evil. Thus sparked a conflict that would haunt Japanese high
schoolers for decades to come.
“But you defeated him in the end?” Naoto asked hopefully.
“Defeated, but we couldn’t destroy him,” Suou said. “I can’t recall his exact words, but as
long as evil exists in humanity’s hearts, he will find a way to come back.”
“We kind of hoped he was bluffing,” Amano said apologetically.
“It took him nearly twenty years to wake back up,” Goro said. “And that was because
someone was fusing the cognitive world with the real world. If not for that, he might have
stayed dormant for longer.”
“Alright, it’s your turn for an explanation,” Amano said. “Because 1999 was thirteen years
ago, and you don’t strike me as the sort of kid who doesn’t know how to do math.”
At this point, Goro had his explanations down to a science. He skipped the gory details,
summing up that he wanted to kill his father and in the process became his personal hitman.
He briefly explained the cognitive world’s role in Yaldabaoth’s plan and continued to
rephrase what Tsuyoshi –no, Nyarlathotep – told him two days prior.
Amano and Suou were obviously startled, but they weren’t given a chance to stew on the
news in silence.

“Wait, I’ve just realized something,” Ryoji said. “What’s with all these hero groups having
detectives? How come SEES never had a detective?”
“We did have an officer selling us weapons,” Minato said reflectively.
“I’m sorry, what?” Suou said indignantly.
“Don’t be that way, we were getting our weapons from a bar because we manufactured a
rumor about the place,” Amano said. “In hindsight, it was kind of messed up.”
“Back to the task at hand?” Akihiko said, nodding his head pointedly toward the group.
“Unless something’s changed, it sounds like this Nyarlathotep guy is trapped in the mirror
dimension Goro-kun left him in. Don’t we have a shot at taking him out?”
“His senses seemed to be dulled as well,” Goro said. “He should have found us otherwise.”
“And where is this mirror?” Suou asked.
“About two hours away,” Yu said. He smiled wryly. “Convenient, huh?”
“If Igor created the realm, why did he make it so far away?” Minato asked. “Sounds pretty
inconvenient to me.”
“Tsu-Nyarlathotep was spending time at that shack,” Goro said. “I think he took it and
attempted to destroy it.”
“He was seriously strong enough to move that thing?” Junpei asked.
“But not strong enough to break it,” Kanji said. “Guy isn’t as cool as he thinks he is.”
“I wouldn’t take him lightly,” Amano said. “I know you guys have faced a lot over the past
few years, but that’s nothing compared to what he’s capable of. I agree we need to defeat him
though. I’d hate to risk him escaping.”
“I hate to agree with her,” Goro said. “We should stay on guard.”
“But if the place is so far away, it’s not like we can just hop in and out on a day to day basis,”
Yukiko said.
“Maybe we can play it off and say we’re going on a camping trip?” Ken suggested.
“Oh, I was bummed I missed out on that last year,” Rise said.
“You didn’t miss much.” Chie said.
Yosuke, Yu, and Kanji shuddered.
“We’d have to go over the weekend in order to miss as little school as possible,” Mitsuru
said. “Seeing as today’s Tuesday, that means we’d have to wait until the end of the week.”
“I say we miss school,” Ken said.

“So close to the end of the term?” Mitsuru demanded.
“None of us are graduating this year,” Yu said thoughtfully. “It could be worse.”
“How much time do you think we have before Nyarlathotep manages to break out of his
prison?” Fuuka asked.
Amano shrugged. “I don’t know,” she admitted. “That’s something you would have to ask
Igor. I’d ask myself, but it sounds like the Velvet Room isn’t as open as it used to be.”
“The door in the central shopping district disappeared after I fulfilled my contract,” Yu said.
Goro hadn’t seen any Velvet Room doors in Inaba after the fight with Izanami either. But he
hadn’t been looking very closely over the past two days. Maybe something had changed?
“I saw one,” Minato said. “It was near the outskirts of town. I caught sight of it on our way
here.”
“I guess Igor really wants us to take that road trip as soon as possible,” Yosuke said.
“Um, who’s Igor again?” Junpei said.
“Igor presides over the Velvet Room, which aids wildcards on their journeys to save
humanity,” Aigis said. “In other words, he helps Minato-kun and Goro-kun kick our enemies'
asses.”
“Yu-kun as well,” Naoto said.
“Try not to think about it too hard,” Kanji said. “It still kind of hurts my head.”
“You can say that again,” Ken said. Koromaru barked.

It was inevitable that Akira would ask what Goro found out since their extremely
traumatizing bonding experience. Therefore, Goro was prepared for the questions that
propped up on their way back from school the following day.
“You’re not bringing me along?” Akira asked after Goro explained the camping trip plan to
the best of his ability.
Goro frowned. “Would you like me to risk your life?”
“You’re risking your life,” Akira said.
“I have years of experience. And a persona. You have neither of those.”
“But I have the potential to have a persona, right?” Akira asked. “I’m sure if I came along, I
could find some way to summon it.”
It was almost tempting. To fight side by side again. To see Arsene after so many years. But–

“It’s not that simple.”
“I want to help,” Akira insisted. “You can’t leave me here to just wait.”
“And I can’t take you and watch you die because we hoped you would be able to summon a
persona,” Goro snapped. “The answer is no. Deal with it.”
Akira stopped walking. Goro turned around to face him.
“I watched you die,” Akira said coldly. “I watched–” his expression faltered. “I watched
some creature pretending to be my uncle shoot you, and now you want me to sit at home like
nothing happened?”
“Let’s pretend for a minute that you can get away from home for days at a time, even after
your parents are now under suspicion of neglect after what happened,” Goro said. “You come
with us, you summon your persona. Then what? You still have next to no experience.”
“I could help.”
“Or you could die,” Goro snarled. “I am not losing you to your pride.”
Akira’s head jerked backwards. “You think this is pride?”
“That’s what it seems like to me.”
“This-this monster was my family.” Akira’s voice cracked. “I don’t care if he wasn’t my real
uncle. He felt more real than anyone else in my life.”
“He was manipulating you–”
“He cares about–” Akira closed his eyes and inhaled shakily. “He acted like he cared about
me. He took me out to ice cream; he gave me his gloves when I was cold; he helped me when
I was sick and nobody else was there. Not even you.”
Goro’s throat closed in on itself. “I’m truly sorry, but that’s not going to change my mind.”
“I just want to know… I just want to see…” Akira looked away. “Are you sure he’s evil?”
“You heard it yourself,” Goro said.
“But maybe it was a trick,” Akira whispered.
“It wasn’t.”
“I know,” Akira whispered. He ran his hands through his hair. “I know.”
Goro swallowed. “Akira-kun,” he said. “I can’t tell you how you feel. I know that in these
situations, I feel very betrayed and angry. But you risking your life is only giving him what
he wants.”
Akira slumped. “Okay,” he said. “Fine.”

“I’m not trying to shut you out,” Goro said.
“I know you’re not.” Akira shouldered his bag. His expression became more closed off.
“Forget I said anything."

Chapter End Notes

If you have not yet filled out the poll, mayhaps you would like to.
Guys the closer we get to the end of the fic the more anxious I get about posting hahah.
But do not worry I would never abandon y'all when we're so close to the end.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 92: March 23–24, 2012
Chapter Summary

taking a trip down memory lane whoop whoop

Chapter Notes

tw: ptsd, implied/referenced neglect, violence, blood

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“Are you sure going camping so close to the end of the semester is such a good idea?”
Tatsumi asked, looking concerned after Kanji told her the plan.
“It’ll be fine, Ma,” Kanji said. “We’ll probably even study while we’re there.”
“And you’ll be with all of your friends?” Tatsumi asked. “Is it even a real campsite?”
“We have adult chaperones too!” Kanji said defensively. “Kirijo-san will be there. I think
she’s Goro-kun’s guardian or something.”
“Oh, Kirijo-san is a lovely young woman,” Tatsumi said. “If she’s there, I’m sure she’ll keep
you on the straight and narrow. What was her number again, Goro-kun?”
Goro reluctantly gave her Mitsuru’s number. Tatsumi proceeded to spend the next twenty
minutes making sure that Kanji and Goro weren’t about to disappear into the wilderness and
never be heard from again.
Mitsuru was an excellent liar. There was no guarantee they weren’t all going to die to
Nyarlathotep in their attempts to end him.
“It sounds like everything will be okay,” Tatsumi said after she finally hung up. “I hope you
two have fun.”
“Thanks, Ma.” Kanji exhaled in relief.
Goro packed his bags and met the others by Junpei’s van and Mitsuru’s bus. It was almost
absurd for all of them to pile into both of the vehicles like school children going on a
fieldtrip.

“Just so you know, I have a friend meeting us there,” Amano said before they left. “I figured
we want all the manpower we can get for this fight.”
“Who?” Goro asked. They were drowning in people as it was.
“Nanjo Kei,” Amano said. “He was pretty involved with Nyarlathotep even before I got
mixed up in demons and stuff, so it felt only fair that he be invited. My other friends are
kinda in the middle of something far way, and I didn’t want to worry them, so it’ll just be
him.”
“I’m acquainted with Nanjo,” Mitsuru said. “I’m sure he’ll be an excellent ally.”
Goro wasn’t surprised she knew him. The Nanjo Group held a similar level of power and
fame as the Kirijo Group. He relaxed slightly. Mitsuru was usually a decent judge of
character.
“Let’s get going,” Yu said. “The drive is kinda long.”
“He’s right,” Junpei said. “The sooner we leave, the better.”
Without any further conversation, everyone began to climb into one of the two vehicles.
“It’s been a long time since I’ve been camping,” Amano said, sitting in the passenger’s seat
of Junpei’s van. Goro sat wedged between Ken and Akihiko, who were currently debating
what types of shadows they might see in the dungeon.
“Don’t get too excited,” Suou said from the seat in front of Goro. He effectively had an entire
row of seats to himself.
“It’s been a long time since I’ve fought demons either,” Amano said. “I hope I’m not out of
practice.”
“Your aim seemed as impeccable as always when you practiced yesterday,” Suou said.
“Aim?” Yukari asked. She and Rise sat together in the two seats in front of Suou. “Do you
use a bow too?”
“Oh no,” Amano said casually. “I use one of Katsuya’s guns.”
Goro sputtered. “You what?”
“You’ll have to recall that demons, or shadows as you call them, were appearing in the real
world without hesitation,” Suou said. “At the time we didn’t have access to any fancy
weapons, so I gave Maya one of my guns.”
“It worked out pretty well,” Amano said.
“That’s pretty hardcore,” said Junpei as he drove out of Inaba. Goro had almost forgotten
how many rice fields surrounded the town.

“Meanwhile Kanji-kun usually just brings a folding chair to battle,” Rise said thoughtfully.
“Makes us look pretty unprofessional in comparison, huh?”
“I’m pretty wary of guns myself,” Junpei said. His tone was lightheartedly dubious, but
Akihiko looked out the window with a grim expression. The van felt a few degrees colder
than it had a few minutes ago.
“So, um, does the Investigation Team all use folding chairs to fight?” Ken asked, forcing the
conversation forward.
“Yukiko uses a fan,” Goro said.
“And Senpai and Yosuke-kun use more traditional weapons,” Rise said. “Kanji’s just the one
who stands out the most.”
“I won’t forget Chie’s stint with rollerblades myself,” Goro said. “It’s a miracle she didn’t fall
flat on her face.”
“Aw man,” Ken said. “I want to fight on rollerblades.”
“Can you even use rollerblades?” Akihiko asked dubiously.
“It’s never too late to learn, is it?”
Amano laughed.
“What’s so funny?” Yukari asked.
“Oh, it’s nothing,” she said. “It’s just kind of weird to think how young we used to be.”
“We still are young,” Suou said.
“No offense, but you look the same age as Yu-kun’s uncle,” Rise said.
“And?”
“I’m pretty sure he’s in his forties.”
Suou’s elbow had previously been resting on the windowsill, but he sat up in brief alarm at
Rise’s accusation. He slowly lowered himself back against the window.
“If I manage to reach the average age of death, I still have about another forty years left.”
“Uh oh,” Amano said. “Don’t go having a midlife crisis on us.”
“Assuming we don’t all die today,” Goro said darkly.
“You know, Goro?” Junpei said. “I’ve really grown fond of your cheerful little comments.
They really put a spring in my step.”
“He’s not wrong,” Suou said.

“I can’t die today,” Ken said, shaking his head. “I’ll fail my exams for sure, and Emiko would
be all disappointed.”
“I think she’d be more disappointed that we were dead,” Yukari said.
“I don’t know,” Goro said with a smirk. “Exams are important.”
Ken snorted.
“I doubt we’ll die,” Amano said. “I mean, we’ve made it this far, right?”
“All the more reason for our luck to run out at some point or another,” Akihiko said.
“I bet the bus is way more cheerful than this,” Rise muttered. “Why didn’t I get on that
again?”
“Because it was full,” Goro said.
“And Teddie brought a kazoo,” Rise said, shuddering. “Nevermind. I’m glad to be on the
doom and gloom train.”
“Maybe we should play some music,” Junpei suggested. He turned on the radio, and music
blasted from the speakers. Everybody jerked their heads backwards. “Oops, sorry!”

By some miracle, both vehicles arrived at the shack without anyone crashing. Teddie stepped
out of the bus looking extremely mournful.
“I’m not sorry,” Kanji said.
“My kazoo…” Teddie sniffed.
“What happened to it?” Ken asked.
“I threw it out the window, that’s what happened,” Kanji said. “We suffered that thing for an
hour before I finally had enough.”
“I don’t know, you could’ve just confiscated it,” Yosuke said. He gave Teddie a sympathetic
smile, but it looked more like a grimace. The kazooing must have been truly horrible.
“He could’ve stopped when I asked him to,” Kanji said. He crossed his arms and glared at
Teddie mercilessly.
“Sorry,” Teddie said sadly, kicking some fallen leaves nearby.
Kanji glanced at Teddie and sighed. “Fine, I’ll get you a new one. But only if you promise
not to play it in my presence, or I will snap it in two.”
Teddie immediately brightened. “Yay!”

“I kind of liked the kazoo,” Ryoji said as Teddie ran to the bus to grab his tent.
“You only liked it because you had never seen one before,” Yosuke said with an eyeroll.
“I too, found the small plastic object interesting,” Aigis said. “But the noise began wearing
my patience before long.”
“It’s good at that,” Yu said. “I’m glad Nanako hasn’t taken interest in music.”
“Just you wait,” Yosuke said with haunted eyes. “Your time will come eventually.”
“Wow,” said a new voice to their right. “This is certainly lively.”
Everyone turned toward the new voice. A man leaned against a motorcycle, holding his white
helmet underneath his armpit. His black jacket had a blue neck-scarf tucked inside, and while
his dress wasn’t particularly formal, his expression and posture held the same air as
Mitsuru’s. Even if Maya hadn’t warned them that a Nanjo was joining the fray, Goro would
have instantly recognized that this stranger was raised in a powerful household.
“Nanjo-san,” Mitsuru said bowing immediately. “It’s a pleasure to see you again, albeit in a
very different setting than we usually meet.”
“Likewise. With the rumors of the Kirijo’s Groups experiments thirteen years ago, I
suspected you might have had an inkling of the supernatural,” Nanjo said, bowing in turn.
“But I certainly didn’t expect you to be wrapped up in something like this. Or for there to be
so many high schoolers.” He glanced over the group with a mildly perturbed expression.
“Didn’t you start out when you were in high school too?” Suou asked.
“That is completely beside the point.” Nanjo sighed. “But whatever. Amano filled me in on
the situation. I recognize Kirijo and some of her friends, but can I get your names? And
which of you is Akechi-kun?”
Goro stepped forward reluctantly. “That would be me.”
Nanjo winced. “Is it legal for someone your age to have a persona?”
Ken groaned obnoxiously in the background, clearly sick of age-related questions.
The group rattled off their names. Nanjo was not as surprised as he could have been at the
existence of Aigis, but the Nanjo Group and Kirijo Group were connected enough that Goro
supposed the Nanjo Group had received some intelligence on what the Kirijo Group was up
to.
As soon as the last person said their name, Chie slumped against a nearby tree. “Introductions
are great and all, but can’t we just hurry up and make the campfire?” Chie asked. “I’m
hungry.”
“Shouldn’t we go into the dungeon place first?” Yukiko asked. “There’s still quite a few
hours until sunset. “

“Oh look,” Minato said, raising his arm to point toward the shack. “The Velvet Room.”
Both Yu and Goro spun toward where Minato was pointing. Sure enough, the Velvet Room
door sat between two trees barely two meters away from the shack. The door was slicker than
it used to be, truly looking like it was taken directly off the side of a boat.
“Persona fusing time?” Yu asked.
“It’s your call, Goro,” Mitsuru said.
Who died and put Goro in charge? He was one of the youngest people in the group. Then
again, from a certain perspective, he was among the oldest.
“Set up camp, maybe eat some snacks, and then we’ll go in before dinner,” Goro said. “But
there’s no point being exhausted and having to set up camp immediately afterwards.”
“True enough,” Yukiko said.
“Minato and Yu,” Goro said. “If you two wish to sort out your personas, I really could care
less.”
Yu and Minato both nodded in unison.
They put up tents and assigned people to each one. Being the youngest of the group, Goro,
Ken, and Teddie all ended up in the same tent. At the realization, Goro was extremely
grateful Teddie no longer possessed his kazoo.
“Can we make smores?” Teddie asked.
“Didn’t you hear Goro-kun’s plan?” Akihiko asked. “We’re checking the place out before we
attempt to cook anything.”
Teddie slumped. “Oh, right.”
“We should probably get to checking then, huh?” Fuuka asked, glancing over her shoulder.
“The anticipation is kind of getting to me.”
They squeezed inside of the shed and stared at the giant mirror. Goro pressed his hand against
the cold surface, but it didn’t melt away or let him through.
“Does it need a key?” Mitsuru asked.
“You mentioned a card Igor gave you, right?” Naoto asked. “Do you still have it?”
Goro reached into his pocket, and his hands closed around the slick surface of the card. He
hadn’t even realized it returned to his pocket after the incident. Did it only appear when
necessary?
Goro pulled out the card and held it up to the mirror. The card glowed, and the surface of the
mirror disappeared into blue light.

“I guess we can go inside now?” Junpei asked.
“Can’t be too different than jumping into TVs,” Kanji said.
“That is so whimsical,” Nanjo grumbled. “I would have loved to jump into televisions when I
was in high school.”
“You said it,” Junpei sighed.
They stepped inside.
The sensation of being pulled in was entirely different than the first time Goro entered this
strange new realm. Instead of falling headfirst into the unknown, Goro stepped slowly into
the same yellow fog that was there last time. The blue glow tugged him along gently until he
fully entered the room.
“Um, I thought this place was different from the TV world,” Ken said. “So what’s with all
this fog?”
“It is different,” Yosuke said, fumbling for his glasses. “Our TV world doesn’t look like this
anymore.”
“It does look familiar though,” Yukiko said.
“No surprises there,” Kanji said. “Look.”
Kanji pointed up at the ceiling. A red scarf noose hung from it.
“I want to throw up,” Yukari said, indeed sounding a bit queasy.
“We can’t seriously be in front of Adachi’s dungeon, though, can we?” Chie asked. “We
didn’t even enter through a TV!”
“Welcome children,” Nyarlathotep’s voice echoed around them. Junpei yelped. Everyone
jumped into defensive positions. “Have you come to rescue me from this wretched place?”
“I didn’t miss his habit of theatrics,” Amano muttered, handling her gun with admitted
deftness. She pointed it toward the fog; her arm didn’t twitch.
“He’s not on this level,” Rise said, already having summoned her persona.
“No… he’s on the top floor,” Fuuka said.
“The top floor?” Mitsuru asked. “Which floor is that?”
“I-I can’t tell,” Fuuka said. She blushed. “Sorry.”
“I’d come down there to greet you myself, but I find that my power is… at its best on this
floor. So I think I’ll wait for you to come to me to die.”
“Bold of you to assume we’ll be the ones dying,” Suou said. His eyes glinted.

“I’ve killed more than one of you once before,” Nyarlathotep said. “I can’t imagine it’ll be
too hard to do again.”
“More than one?” Naoto asked. “What is that supposed to mean?”
“Well, Goro died…” Ken said hesitantly.
Amano winced. “Let’s not get into it right now. Maybe we should just keep moving.”
Yu frowned and nodded, his eyes still glued to the red noose. Yosuke was staring at him with
concern. “Yeah…”
“Aw, but why leave when there’s still so much fun to be had?”
“Fuck off,” Goro snapped.
“This place is so delicious,” Nyarlathotep said. “Just filled to the brink with bad memories.
All that negativity is just coming off you in waves.”
“Okay, that’s not creepy at all,” Yosuke said.
“Do your best to ignore him,” Naoto said. “The stairs are that way, correct?”
Naoto pointed ahead, but Goro could barely see through the fog. Even with his glasses on, it
was as though the fog had thickened significantly since his last visit to this floor.
“Can’t hurt to try,” Akihiko said.
“Everyone stay together,” Yu said. “I don’t want to lose anyone.”
“At least we’ll know where Aigis and Ryoji are at all times,” Junpei said jokingly, jerking his
head toward the two’s glowing blue eyes.
“Don’t forget Teddie!” Teddie exclaimed, raising his hands. “My eyes also glow!”
“Wait a moment, are Teddie-kun and Mochizuki-san not human?” Nanjo asked.
Suou grunted. “I’m sure we mentioned—”
“Wait!” Rise said. “I sense a shadow in this area!”
Aigis raised her hands toward Suou. “Behind you,” she said.
Suou ducked out of the way as Aigis launched a volley of bullets toward a shadowy figure. It
stumbled forward, and the fog thinned around him.
Adachi smiled, blood dripping from his mouth. “Hate me that much, huh?” he asked. “Your
friends kill me on sight.”
“Adachi-san,” Yu asked. He stumbled toward Adachi, his hands raised as if he wanted to help
with the injuries but wasn’t sure if it was the best idea. “What are you doing here?”

“It’s not Adachi,” Rise said. “That’s the shadow.”
“I mean, duh,” not-Adachi said. “How the hell do you think I’d be able to haul my pathetic
ass out of jail to meet you guys?”
“If it’s the shadow, let’s just kick its ass already,” Kanji said.
“But I wasn’t done yet!” Adachi said. “Don’t you want to think about what this place means?
What I am?”
“Not particularly,” Goro said. “We have places to be, so get the hell out of our way.”
Adachi’s eyes flashed, but his face split into an easy smile again. He pivoted from Goro.
“Hey, Junpei-kun, take a look at Maya-chan’s hot bod. No wonder that Tatsuya kid was so
interested–”
Suou and Amano both shot the shadow in the head. It stumbled backwards, red dust emerging
from the new hole.
“Rude.” Adachi pouted. “Fine. You want to fight so bad? Let’s fight.”
Adachi’s form disappeared into shadowy dust as he transformed into a blue-cloaked skeleton
on top of a white horse. He looked distinctly like the pale rider persona Goro had fused years
ago.
He was also laughably easy for the group of twenty-two fighters to kill.
Koromaru barked victoriously.
“Koromaru congratulated us on our easy win,” Aigis said.
“Let’s hope they all stay that easy,” Yukari said. She glanced around uneasily as she lowered
her bow.
Amano laughed. “It’s so weird having a dog in the party,” she said.
“That’s what’s surprising?” Yukiko asked. “I’m still struggling to wrap my head around
Aigis-chan.”
“At least we don’t have a bear that turned into a real boy,” Akihiko snipped.
“No,” Ryoji said. “You only have the literal bringer of death.”
“Woah, you’re the grim reaper?” Kanji asked.
“Actually–” Teddie began.
“I’m sorry, but now isn’t the time and place to be discussing the intricacies of our pasts,”
Mitsuru said. “We should leave the area before anything else comes.”

“Yeah,” Chie said. “I for one know that my life will be greatly improved if I never have to
see Adachi’s face ever again.”
After some further searching, they located the stairs. It took longer to climb the spiral
staircase than Goro recalled. When he was running down these same spiral steps with Akira,
it felt like it took only seconds to reach the bottom. It was a miracle they didn’t accidentally
start rolling down in their haste.
“The fog is gone,” Suou said when the front of the group began to reach the second level.
Goro took off his glasses and glanced at the tipped over barrel from his and Akira’s previous
escape. The apple that had knocked it over was now a squished mass against the tile. Had
Nyarlathotep crushed it?
“Oh, good,” Yosuke said. He took off his glasses and pocketed them. “Wow this place is–
what the hell?!”
“What is it?” Yu asked, quickening his pace and stopping next to Yosuke.
“Why are we in a Junes?” asked Junpei. He picked up a packet of rice and tossed it into the
air experimentally.
“What are you talking about?” Minato asked.
“Um, there’s literally a Junes sign right there,” Ryoji said. He nudged Minato’s shoulder and
pointed at the sign that said Junes above the frozen foods.
“That’s a television,” Minato said helpfully. He stepped away from everyone with a baffled
expression. “We’re clearly in Hagakure.”
“What’s Hagakure?” Yukiko asked.
“It’s a ramen shop in Iwatodai,” Yukari said. “It was kind of one of our go-to places, but it
looks nothing like the inside of a Junes.”
“You know what?” Minato asked, still looking deeply perturbed. He shoved his non-sword
hand into his pocket and hunched his shoulders. “Let’s just forget about it.”
“Okay…” Ken said. He shot Goro a concerned glance. Goro shrugged.
“This place gives me the creeps,” Kanji said.
“Nothing is in its correct places,” Naoto observed, walking down one of the aisles up ahead.
“This isn’t where the soup belongs in our real-world version.”
“It’s been a while since I’ve personally been to a superstore, but aren’t different locations
arranged differently?” Nanjo asked. “Maybe this is based off of a Junes you aren’t familiar
with.”
“It’s kind of similar to the Junes in Sumaru,” Amano said charitably. “But ours is a lot
smaller.”

“Let’s just get out of here,” Yosuke said. “I see enough of this place on a daily basis. I don’t
need to add it to my nightmares.”
“The stairs were on the other side of this place,” Goro said, pointing straight ahead. The room
was certainly big, but it seemed much smaller with the fluorescent lights on. Perhaps it
helped that Goro was no longer hiding for his life.
They began to walk across the room when Yosuke suddenly appeared from behind the aisle.
Goro’s heart quickened, and he spun toward where he thought Yosuke originally was.
Yosuke was still standing next to Yu, making an aborted noise of alarm. “Why am I seeing
double?” he asked.
Minato gave Yosuke a confused look but didn’t say anything.
“Is it a shadow?” Suou asked.
“That can’t be right,” Yosuke said. “I already confronted my shadow. I have my persona.
What the hell man?”
Not-Yosuke grinned. “Don’t worry, I’m not your shadow,” Not-Yosuke said. “I’m just a
reflection of those other two dumbasses’ hearts. A cognition, if you will.”
“Two?” Naoto asked.
“Good old Yosuke,” Not-Yosuke said. “Always exists to be the sidekick. But then again, who
is the hero if he doesn’t have a loyal… friend to help him out?”
“I’m not listening to this,” Yosuke said. “Come on, let’s just keep going.”
“Don’t you think it’s sad that all anyone associates you with is this crappy store?” NotYosuke asked. “There’s a reason this place looks like Junes.”
“Oh, shut up,” Chie snapped. “We had some really great times at this place!”
“Yeah, like anyone can be happy about being associated with a superstore,” Not-Yosuke said.
“If I recall correctly, Goro-kun used one of these places to eat free samples because his foster
parents refused to feed him.” Not-Yosuke nodded toward a free sample tray sitting to the
right.
Minato stared at the direction of the food sample stand blankly. Akihiko looked resigned.
Everybody else glanced at Goro with varying levels of horrified expressions.
“How the hell would you know that?” Goro asked quietly.
“He’s just trying to get a rise out of us,” Mitsuru said. “We should keep moving.”
“R-right,” Fuuka said.

“I’m not listening to you,” Yosuke said. The group began to walk past the fake Yosuke, but
the shadow –or whatever the hell it was – only grinned and followed them.
“Are you sure?” Not-Yosuke asked. “This place is getting more and more tense. Maybe
everyone’s remembering why you’re so unwanted–”
“Say another word about Yosuke, and I will end you myself,” Yu said icily. “If this was really
a reflection of our hearts, then you would know that Yosuke-kun is the kindest, most selfsacrificing person I know.”
“Yu-kun…” Yosuke said, his eyes wide and his cheeks slightly pink.
“Aren’t you tired of all that self-sacrifice?” Not-Yosuke asked, suddenly grabbing Yosuke
and yanking him back. “Don’t you ever want to be the main character–”
Yosuke shoved one of his kunai into Not-Yosuke’s head. Not-Yosuke exploded into a Pyro
Jack shadow. Just as with Adachi’s shadow counterpart, their group of twenty were able to
disable it in a matter of seconds.
“Are we going to have to go through this sort of thing every time?” Ken asked as they
marched up the stairs to the next level. Goro’s stomach pitted with dread at the realization of
what was coming. “How big is this place anyway?”
“Big,” Rise said.
“I can only sense ten levels above us, but I’m sure there’s more,” Fuuka said.
“Oh, great,” Junpei said sarcastically.
“Perhaps we can detect a motive with each shadow we face,” Naoto said. “And learn to
dispatch them quickly. Especially since it seems that they will not let us simply walk past
them, seeing as Yosuke's counterpart grabbed the real Yosuke when we tried to ignore him.”
“Well, we know attacking them works,” Chie said. “Can’t we just do that?”
“We would be far more efficient if we avoided needless banter with something that clearly
wished us harm,” Aigis said.
“I don’t know,” Yukiko said. “It’s difficult to look at something that looks like a person and
just… hurt them. Even if they aren’t real.”
“Just close your eyes,” Akihiko said grimly.
They entered Leblanc. In reality, the entire group would have squeezed between the bar and
booths with a fair amount of difficulty. As it was, the room seemed to expand to fit their
numbers with ease.
Everything else still hit Goro like someone had weaponized nostalgia and used it as a
grenade.

“Oh, I know that painting!” Yukiko said, pointing to the Sayuri.
“What painting?” Minato and Yu said in unison.
“The Sayuri,” Naoto said. “Although it’s different from its publicized format.”
“I don’t see a painting,” Yu said, still looking baffled. Minato nodded eagerly.
“It’s on the wall right there,” Maya said. “Why is she holding a baby? Isn’t the entire point
that the reason for her expression is a mystery?”
“And what is it doing here?” Nanjo asked. “The artist Madarame reported the painting
stolen.”
“What wall?” Yu demanded, looking increasingly confused. “Wait, where do you guys think
we are?”
“Where do you think we are?” Kanji countered.
“We’re not at the gazebo?” Yu asked.
“I’m in the classroom Fuuka used to use for the cooking club,” Minato piped up.
“You’re joking,” Fuuka said, her face becoming beet red.
“Okay, raise your hand if you see a delicious smelling coffee shop,” Junpei said.
Everybody else raised their hands.
“At least you’re not the only one seeing a different place this time,” Ryoji said, giving Minato
a comforting smile.
“If I’m getting this right, Minato and Yu-kun both have being wildcards in common,” Suou
said, bringing a hand to his chin. “Maybe that has something to do with the appearance of the
room?
“But Goro-kun is also a wildcard, and he sees the same thing as the rest of us,” Mitsuru said.
“Or maybe,” Joker said, appearing from inside the bathroom. “The rest of you are just seeing
a reflection of Goro-kun’s heart.”
Not-Akria wore the same winter clothes that Goro had last seen him in before they infiltrated
Maruki’s palace for the last time. Now that he was actually speaking and looking Goro in the
eye, a part of Goro thought he had been yanked right back to that moment.
Goro insisting Akira let him die. Akira insisting otherwise.
The entire Investigation Team immediately got on their guard. “Is-is that–” Kanji stuttered.
“It’s not Tsuyoshi,” Goro said exhaustedly. It was the first time he spoke since they entered
this fake Leblanc. “Not physically at least.”

“It’s kind of a shame that this was only the third floor,” Not-Akira said. “I mean, it would’ve
been far more dramatic if I could’ve shown up on the second to last floor. Caught you off
guard.”
“Life’s not fair,” Goro said quietly.
“Trust me, I know.” Not-Akira smiled grimly in a way he only had around Goro, back in
November when they both knew what was coming. He pointed to his forehead. “But I
thought you and your friends planned on attacking on sight. It’s not like I’m real, after all.”
“A reflection, is it?” Suou asked. “And who are you reflecting?”
“You shot me once before.” Akira winked. “What’s another time?”
Goro’s hand shook. Akira was blocking their route to the stairs. They would have to attack
him if they wanted to get through.
But could he?
“I had nightmares for months,” Akira said suddenly. His expression glazed over. “The Engine
Room was a catastrophe, but you know what’s selfish?”
“What?”
“I was glad,” Akira said. “Glad. I thought for sure near the end, you would force me to kill
you. That I would be the one to end your life.”
The entire room was silent. Even Minato and Yu, who looked vaguely puzzled, didn’t say
anything. One of the coffee pots sizzled on a burner.
“Well,” Goro said heavily. “Lucky you.”
“And then I killed you anyway.” Akira looked away. “We could’ve been happy. You could’ve
been happy–”
“You think that was happiness?!” Goro demanded. “Don’t make me sick. You were one of
the few people who Maruki didn’t bother mind controlling to get his way. He was so full of
hubris that he thought for sure you would just go along with your schemes.”
“And I almost did!” Akira glowered at Goro. “Sometimes I wish I had. Sometimes, I wonder
what I was thinking, listening to you when everyone else in the world was living in
paradise–”
“Paradise was my brain filled with white noise and something else manufacturing my entire
personality.” Goro’s voice shook. “You wouldn’t have had me. I would be more dead than I
am now.”
“You are dead,” Akira whispered. “Truly dead. Do you really look in the mirror and see the
same person that became my friend? I don’t even recognize you.”

Goro’s ears were ringing. He wasn’t sure why. It wasn’t as though Akira wasn’t saying
anything that wasn’t true.
“But he could take you back,” Akira said. He stepped forward. It was as if nobody else was
in the room. It was only Goro and Akira, standing in the ever thickening silence. “He could
take you back to my time.”
“Kurusu–”
Akira grabbed Goro’s hand. Goro couldn’t move away. For a brief moment, he felt tall again.
He could practically feel his old school uniform pressing against his body. His striped tie
around his collar.
“If you just freed him, he would be able to bring you back to me,” Akira said softly. “Don’t
you want that? Don’t you miss me?”
Akechi Goro didn’t believe in the afterlife, but if he did, he was sure that the reality Akira
was offering to him would be Goro’s own personal mixture of heaven and hell.
Goro did miss him. He missed him more than he realized was possible.
But it didn’t change a thing.
Goro yanked his hand away, and reality came crashing back around him.
He was physically thirteen years old. He was in a room filled with his friends. And a world
where Nyarlathotep was free was a world doomed to destruction.
“I can’t do that,” Goro said. “And the real Akira understood that years ago.”
Not-Akira’s expression faltered. A nasty glower formed on his face.
Goro adjusted his grip on his sword and thrust it into Not-Akira’s torso. The shockwave that
came from Not-Akira’s body caused everyone to stumble backwards. Goro yanked out his
sword as Not-Akira burst into white smoke.
The shadow that came from Not-Akira was Arsene. Or, at least, a mockery of Akira’s old
persona. Where the original Arsene was red and black, this shadow was in inverted colors.
Bright blue and white pierced Goro’s eyes. It reminded Goro sickeningly of a sterilized
clinic.
“So much grief, Goro-kun,” shadow Arsene boomed. “Why do you insist upon hurting
yourself always when the cure is within reach?”
“Living a lie isn’t a cure,” Goro snarled. “Why don’t you go back to hell?”
With a wave of his hand, a wave of bless magic fell over the group. Koromaru collapsed
immediately, and everyone else either dodged or gasped at the unusual strength of the attack.
“He’s weak to darkness!” Fuuka cried.

“How do you know that?!” Rise demanded as Minato, Yu, and Goro immediately started
reaching for curse based personas.
“You can’t tell?” Fuuka asked.
“Oh my god, why weren’t you on our team?” Yosuke muttered right before he got hit with a
sleep spell.
“Stay focused!” Minato and Yu barked at the same time.
Goro rolled out of the way of a physical attack as Yu used Myriad Truths on the shadow.
Shadow Arsene jerked backwards at the strength of the attack. Goro summoned Loki and hit
Shadow Arsene with a heavy curse attack.
Shadow Arsene let out a loud hacking sound. “Do you really hate me that much?”
He disappeared into a puff of white smoke.
As everyone caught their breath and helped each other up– Chie was slapping Yosuke
awake–, Goro stared at the empty space Akira used to stand.
His hands couldn’t stop shaking.
He wasn’t real, Goro told himself furiously. Akira is fine.
“Are you okay?” Ken asked cautiously.
Goro turned around. “Never better.”
Goro was never the best liar around the people who knew him, but those two words rang
hollow even to his own ears.
They agreed to stop for the night.

Chapter End Notes

I promise I'll explain exactly what's going on with this place in future chapters lol.
Also before more people ask because I've explaining this for months, the persona 5 part
of the fic is exactly three chapters long. However, they are rather Large chapters, and
they get larger the more I implement the ideas from the poll.
As always the poll is available to those who have not done it.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 93: March 24–25, 2012
Chapter Summary

Continuing through the final dungeon

Chapter Notes

tw: ptsd, violence, implied/referenced child abuse,

See the end of the chapter for more notes

While Akihiko and Suou banded together to make dinner on the campfire (Koromaru
blessedly kept Chie and Yukiko distracted from helping), Yu and Minato pulled Goro to the
side.
“We wanted to talk about what we saw on the other floors,” Yu said.
Minato nodded. “We have a theory.”
“And you’re telling me and not the rest of the group… why?” Goro asked.
“Because you’re the only other person who will fully understand what we’re talking about,”
Yu said. He glanced at Minato.
“As you know, I saw Hagakure on the floor where everyone else saw Junes,” Minato said.
“And instead of Yosuke talking, I saw a Junpei double. Like two years ago Junpei.”
Goro raised his eyebrows. “Did he say anything different?”
Minato shook his head. “It wasn’t completely out of character for the old Junpei to say those
sorts of things,” Minato said. “But Junpei never worked at Junes.”
“Then, on the third floor, I saw Yukiko at the gazebo,” Yu said.
“And I saw Fuuka in the classroom where we had cooking club back in our second year of
high school,” Minato said.
“But you still heard everything the Akira look-alike said to me,” Goro said exhaustedly.
Yu nodded uncomfortably.

“It made a lot more sense once I realized who was talking to you,” Minato muttered.
“At any rate, we’re the only other two wildcards in the group apart from you,” Yu said. “So
we compared notes, and Yosuke and Junpei were both of our Magician Arcana social links.
And Yukiko and Fuuka were both Priestess.”
“And Magician is the first card in the deck, with Priestess following,” Goro realized,
recalling his past research on the issue.
“Adachi was Jester for me originally, which is numbered zero,” Yu said. “Which is why it
was on the ground floor.”
“And I never had a Jester social link,” Minato said. “So I saw what everyone else saw.”
“But this theory only works if your social links also line up,” Yu said. “We don’t want to go
through the effort of explaining to the others until you confirm we have the right idea.”
Goro frowned. “They do,” He admitted. “Adachi was my Jester, Yosuke is my Magician,
and… Akira is Priestess.”
“Does that mean this place has twenty-two floors?” Minato asked. “One for each major
arcana?”
Yu’s face fell. “This is gonna suck.”
When they told the others, Junpei immediately pulled his phone out to look up the order of
the major arcana. His face fell when he saw they had barely enough reception to make phone
calls, much less use the internet.
“Wait a minute,” Ken said. “We’re all assigned to like… an arcana?”
“Well, there’s about twenty-two for each of us,” Yu said. “So not all of you. I don’t really
know you, no offense.”
Ken shrugged and resumed eating the beef skewer in his hand. “None taken.”
“If I understand correctly, we only have to be wary of Goro-kun’s so-called Social Links
anyway,” Naoto said. “For whatever reason, his are the only ones we as a group are able to
see.”
“Alright,” Aigis said. “Perhaps it would be wise for Goro-kun to compile a list of his bonds
so that we can prepare adequately.”
It was absolutely bizarre being so open about the existence of social links to anyone. Goro
couldn’t decide if he was relieved or aggravated that he had to reveal something so strangely
personal.
“Fine,” Goro said. “Does anyone have something to write with?”

Amano handed Goro her notepad and pen. Goro frowned and began to write the Major
Arcana as Yu listed them out loud.
“How do you have those memorized?” Minato asked.
“Margaret liked to quiz me,” Yu said. “She barely wanted to hang out with me until I had
perfect grades in school.”
Ryoji whistled. “Talk about high standards.”
“Sounds like someone else I know,” Minato mumbled, glancing at Mitsuru.
“Alright,” Goro said. “As we already know, Yosuke was Magician. Adachi was Jester, which
is an odd exemption from Major Arcana.” Goro hesitated upon priestess and silently wrote
down Akira’s name. “Assuming our theory is correct, Empress, who is Mitsuru, is the next
floor.”
“Oh, hear that? You’re an empress,” Akihiko said teasingly.
“Does that mean a replica of Mitsuru is going to say horrible things to us?” Fuuka asked.
“To be honest, it’s kind of weird to imagine Mitsuru being mean to anyone,” Yukari said,
staring at Mitsuru with wide eyes.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Mitsuru said. She clasped her hands together and stared at them in
consternation. “I’m just as capable of wrongdoing as anyone else.”
Nanjo smirked. “I remember one fancy dinner where—”
Mitsuru’s face went bright red. “I was ten,” she protested immediately, giving Nanjo a deathglare that immediately shut him up.
The fire crackled loudly as the group silently contemplated what they would have to face the
following morning.
“It’s strange,” Yukiko said. “I’ve already faced a version of myself, but the idea of going
through all that again is… frightening.”
“You’ll be comforted to know that you won’t have to face yourself,” Goro said.
Yukiko looked slightly disappointed. “Oh.”
“You were on the third floor for me,” Yu reminded her comfortingly. “And I don’t even have
a social link for Goro. Just because there’s no social link doesn’t mean there’s no friendship.”
“Obviously,” Goro muttered as he crossed out the Tower Arcana furiously. Hopefully, they
would be able to bypass that floor altogether, considering Goro’s dismal progress in Shido’s
social link.

“You don’t have a social link for Goro?” Minato asked, sounding vaguely surprised. “He was
my Moon.”
“My Moon was a girl who initially encouraged me to ditch class,” Yu said. “How about you,
Goro?”
Goro was saved by Teddie, who was clearly paying very little attention to the present
conversation when he blurted out, “Who’s after Mitsuru-san?”
Goro wasn’t quite done with the list, but he paused and glanced up near the top. “Kanji-kun.”
“Shit,” Kanji said, his face pale.
“Is this really such a big deal?” Goro asked. “The worst versions of yourselves were
broadcasted on television.”
“Yeah, but that was mostly what we thought of ourselves,” Rise said. “What if these
reflections are what you think of us?”
“It’s not,” Goro said immediately. “I respect Yosuke.”
Yosuke snorted, and Yu shot him a look of concern. “...Right.”
“We’ll worry about it in the morning,” Suou said. “For now, we should focus on eating and
getting rest.”
“Alright,” Chie said reluctantly. “Is that next set of beef skewers done yet?”

“I’ve always known your brother was bad news, and now look what’s happened,” Akira’s
mother told his father that Sunday morning. Akira pretended to be asleep as he thought about
what Goro had said earlier that week.
“I didn’t even realize he was back in the country,” Akira’s father protested. “You think I
arranged for this to happen?”
“Because of your family, we have authorities thinking we’re some scum of the earth parents
because our child was kidnapped while we were gone.”
“That wasn’t my fault–”
Akira rolled over and squeezed his eyes shut as he tried to block out his parents' argument.
They had been like this all week, ever since they and Akira had been questioned about his
home life. Judging by the social workers’ faces, Akira’s attempts to convince them his
parents did nothing wrong had been less than successful.
Akira didn’t want to be taken away. He already felt like he lost everything.

How could his uncle be a bad guy? How could he be a bonafide villain? He comforted Akira.
He bought him ice cream, and took him to movies, and let him go camping…
It just didn’t make any sense.
And now Goro was going to destroy him without Akira. Even though it was personal. Even
though all Akira wanted to do was look his uncle – or whatever he was – in the eyes and
confirm that everything Goro said was true.
Akira wasn’t being proud. He just wanted to make sure that Goro was really doing the right
thing. Well, no. He was sure Goro was doing the right thing.
Right?
Nothing made sense anymore.
A thought, a ridiculous thought, popped into Akira’s head. He sat up.
There was no way it would work. It was ridiculous to even consider. Would he even know
how to get to the place?
It was worth trying… right?
In the end, it was remarkably easy to sneak out of the house. His parents were too busy
arguing to even notice.

When morning came, they entered the dungeon with caution, but Adachi’s shadow didn’t
return when they walked through the ground floor. Junpei let out a sigh of relief as they
walked up the stairs.
“At least we know those things don’t respawn,” he said, injecting some cheer into his voice.
“Small mercies,” Naoto agreed.
Goro had half a mind to shut his eyes when they reached the third floor again. How many
more times would he have to walk past this fake version of Leblanc? Why couldn’t he just
forget?
Up another long set of spiral stairs, the group stood on a balcony. It looked out on a fancy
hotel courtyard, but Goro barely recognized the scene. Where exactly were they?
Yosuke whistled. “This isn’t your house, is it, Kirijo-san?” he asked Mitsuru.
“No,” Mitsuru said.
“It looks like that hotel,” Yukari said. “Remember? We went there after we saved Fuuka and
her friend on the full moon to celebrate.”

Minato still looked somewhat confused. “We did?”
“You didn’t go,” Akihiko said.
“Oh.”
“I remember now,” Junpei said. “And I pissed off that scary politician guy–” his eyes
widened in alarm “--who was… Akechi’s dad…”
Oh. Now Goro remembered. That was the night he made a complete fool of himself in front
of Mitsuru, and she responded by finally telling him the truth.
Goro and Mitsuru glanced at each other. Of course, they were the only ones who knew what
had happened that night.
“Poor Goro,” Mitsuru said condescendingly. Except the person who was speaking couldn’t be
Mitsuru, because she was standing in front of Goro. She looked just as stunned as everyone
else at the sudden outburst.
Everyone turned toward the far right corner of the balcony. Mitsuru, an admittedly younger
version of her, rested her back against the railing. She crossed her arms and smirked at the
group.
“He was so pitiful,” Not-Mitsuru said. “So… weak. I felt so superior when I comforted
him–.”
“That’s not true,” the real Mitsuru said, her voice hushed.
“Let’s not draw this out,” Suou said. He fired his gun at Not-Mitsuru. She turned into a
Leanan Sidhe shadow and began to attack.
Mitsuru’s shadow didn’t hold a candle to Akira’s. They defeated it in less than a minute.
As they moved on to the next floor, Mitsuru kept up with Goro’s pace. “Goro-kun, I didn’t…
I don’t…”
“Mitsuru, I don’t care,” Goro said exhaustedly. That admittedly brief conversation was just a
warmup for what was to come. “I was pitiful and weak. Of course you would feel superior.”
“I didn’t feel superior,” Mitsuru said immediately. “And you are neither of those things.”
“Maybe.” Goro gave Mitsuru a smile that he was surprised to realize was genuine. “Thank
you for saying so, at least.”
Mitsuru’s expression softened. “Please don’t be afraid of your own fear,” she said quietly.
“There’s nothing pitiful or weak about it.”
Goro looked away and tried not to think about his shadow. Had it really been nine months
since he faced his other selves? “But I’m never strong enough to face it.”

There was a map in the glove compartment of his uncle’s car, which still sat on the street
outside his house. After Akira had gotten far enough away from Inaba that hopefully it would
take a moment for anyone to chase after him, he pulled it out and tried to find the location of
the shack from before.
Fortunately, he remembered the road they had stayed on for most of the trip. He followed it
with his finger until he found a small gravel trail emerging from the road. Akira frowned. It
looked like the same place, but how could he know for sure?
Well. The tank of gas was still three quarters full. Akira was sure he had plenty of time to
figure it out if he was wrong.
Even with his growing determination, this plan was shaping up to be the most reckless thing
Akira had ever done.
Good. Goro didn’t get to be the only reckless one.
Akira put the map away, climbed back into the driver’s seat, and put his foot on the gas. The
engine roared, but the car didn’t move.
“Oops,” Akira muttered. He put the car into drive before trying again. This time, he was able
to successfully get back onto the road.
See? He was already doing great. Akira bet Goro didn’t know how to drive as well as he did,
if at all. And Akira was sure his other self didn’t know a thing about recklessly driving after
his stupid friend.
Probably.
Well, Akira supposed it wasn’t impossible that his other self had done something similar.
He got the vibe his other self was pretty badass.
Akira just had to be even badass-er.
He slammed his foot on the gas. The car lurched forward in a burst of speed.

“This is anticlimactic,” Kanji said, almost wilting in disappointment when they entered his
bedroom. A larger version of it, of course.
“I live in your house,” Goro said dryly. “Where did you want us to be?”
“I don’t know.” Kanji shrugged. He smiled. “Maybe it’s a good thing it’s not very dramatic.
It’ll give my shadow less shit to talk about.”
“At least I’ll be seeing the same person everyone else is seeing,” Yu said.

“Oh shit, I’m your emperor card thing too?” Kanji asked.
“It’s because your hair looks like an emperor penguin’s,” Rise said teasingly. She picked up
Goro’s poorly crocheted penguin and waved it in Kanji’s face.
“Oh shut up!” Kanji snapped.
“What’s an emperor penguin?” Teddie asked Ryoji quietly.
“Not the penguin Rise’s thinking of,” Ryoji said. “They had a bunch of penguins at the
aquarium. I think she’s thinking of a rockhopper penguin.”
“Seriously?” Rise demanded. She tossed the penguin aside. “I thought they were emperor
penguins because they had crowns on their head!”
“Nope, sorry,” Minato said.
“Um, where is Kanji’s double?” Yosuke asked, looking around the room. “Don’t they usually
show up around this point?”
“Maybe I just didn’t feel like showing up.” Kanji’s replica appeared in the doorframe across
the room, his arms crossed over his chest. He scowled furiously. “I mean, it’s bad enough
trying to babysit Goro most days.”
“Watch it!” Kanji snapped.
This time, Amano shot the replica. The bullet went directly through Not-Kanji’s skull.
Not-Kanji did not turn into a shadow. He simply smirked.
“The closer you get to the top of this dungeon, the harder it is to get rid of me,” Kanji said.
“So I guess you’re stuck listening to what I have to say for a bit longer.”
“You have got to be kidding me,” Yukari said.
“Well, Goro-kun might be a pain in the ass to teach, but I’m sure he can figure out how to get
rid of me,” Not-Kanji said, rolling his eyes. “So, detective?”
It was getting easier and easier to let these reflections’ insults roll off Goro’s back. It was as
though someone was using puppets and trying to find the best way to get under his skin. The
only problem was, Goro and Kanji never had many problems to take advantage of.
“It might be simpler if you just told us,” Goro said.
“Well, it might be simpler if you decided not to invade my home, but I guess things can never
be simple. You’re like a leech–”
“Why don’t you shut the hell up?!” Kanji demanded. He lifted his chair and slammed it over
the shadow’s head without another thought. It might have been a futile effort, but nobody
bothered to stop him.

Unlike Amano’s attempt, the Kanji replica turned into a shadow. Everybody froze in surprise
before throwing themselves into battle once again.
When they were done, Naoto spoke.
“Does this mean that only the real-world counterpart of the reflection can force it to become a
shadow?” Naoto asked.
“If so, we’re screwed,” Yu said.
“How so?” Mitsuru asked.
“Because not all of my social links are here,” Goro said. “And a few of them are dead.”
The group fell into solemn silence.
“Oh,” Ken said quietly.
“I guess we’ll figure it out,” Akihiko said. “Who’s next?”
“Hierophant,” Minato said.
“Kanji’s mother,” Goro said.
“Fantastic,” Kanji muttered. He tried to smile. “At least we’re getting the whole family out of
the way, right?”
It was a weak joke at best. Even Teddie didn’t try to laugh.

Yu hated this place.
Shadows and personas were strange enough without wildcard… weirdness getting thrown
into the mix. And sure, sometimes his and Goro’s social links overlapped to make things less
strange, but most of the time…
Apparently Tatsumi-san was Goro’s hierophant arcana. But Yu’s was Dojima.
And Yu had no idea what to expect.
They climbed the endless stairs and entered Yu’s home. Or, at least, it looked like Yu’s home.
It smelled like the over-steeped coffee Dojima constantly drank and the faint smell of
fertilizer coming from their bucket of garden tools. A polite applause emerged from the TV
in the corner from Nanako’s quiz show.
Yu had half a mind to turn to Minato and ask what he saw. But he’d rather know what
everyone else was looking at than satisfy his vague curiosity.
“Where are we?” Yu asked.

“The gazebo,” Yukiko said.
Well, that was simple enough. At least Yu could picture what everyone else was seeing. On
the Empress floor, he could only guess what the hotel balcony looked like while he watched
Margaret belittle Goro.
The door jostled open as Dojima entered the house. Everybody turned to look at him, and Yu
sucked in a breath as he sat in his seat at the kitchen table.
“Children are so gullible,” Not-Dojima said before anyone could get a word in edgewise. “So
quick to trust those who are older than them.”
“I’m sure I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Goro sounded bored. As though he
wasn’t hearing some twisted message from someone he presumably cared about.
“No?” Not-Dojima asked. “Did you really think I would welcome you into my home with no
strings attached, just like that?”
Yu opened his mouth, struggling to find any words to say.
“Of course not,” Goro said, bristling.
“You have a funny way of showing it,” Dojima said. “You barely do anything to help me.
You just sit around and let me take care of you, like you’re some pathetic child in need of
comforting.”
It was so wrong in so many ways, even when Yu knew Dojima wasn’t the one talking. It
wasn’t even Tatsumi-san talking.
Likelier than not, it was this Nyarlathotep pulling their strings.
“Ma–” Kanji said, his face pale.
“For once in your life, Kanji, shut up,” Dojima snapped.
“You shut up!” Kanji slammed his foot into the ground. “All Goro-kun wanted to do when he
first moved in was to help you! You were the one who taught him to take it easy!”
“I was just pulling him into a false sense of security,” Dojima said. “It’s so easy to make it
seem like I’m different from the others. That I’ll actually care. Act patiently enough, offer
empty promises, it’s amazing how easy it is to manipulate broken children.”
Yosuke grabbed Yu’s hand suddenly. Yu couldn’t move his eyes away from the fake Dojima.
“Yu,” Yosuke whispered. “Are you okay?”
“How do we get rid of you?” Naoto asked in a level tone.
“You could always try to attack me and find out,” Dojima said condescendingly. He looked at
Goro before making direct eye contact with Yu. “But are you really that cold?”

Yu didn’t raise his sword. The idea was inconceivable, even as every muscle in his body
trembled.
“Yu,” Yosuke whispered with more ferocity. “I don’t know who you’re seeing, but it’s not
them. It’s not real.”
“I think you’ll find that I am,” Goro said. His voice was icier than Yu had ever heard it.
He thrust the sword into Dojima’s heart.
Yu was too gutted to scream.
When Dojima turned into a unicorn, Yu used Myriad Truths to slice it to pieces. He ignored
the damage it did to his own body in the process. The others used various skills of lesser, but
still massive, strength.
And then Dojima was gone.
“Yu,” Yosuke’s voice floated above him. “You need to breathe.”
Yu’s ears roared with white noise, and his knees buckled with his failing health. He shouldn’t
have used Myriad Truths without making sure he would survive it.
Was he dying–

Everybody exclaimed in alarm when Yu collapsed into Yosuke’s arms. Yukari didn’t hesitate
before waking him up with diarahn, but Yu was still pale and clammy when he stood up.
“Sorry,” he said. “I don’t know what happened.
“Maybe we should take a rest,” Mitsuru said, her face drawn in a frown. “Perhaps we should
regroup at the camp.”
“And go back down all those stairs?” Ken asked doubtfully. “Can’t we just rest here?”
“There’s food back at the camp,” Yukiko pointed out.
“We brought food amongst our equipment,” Aigis said.
“Look, we haven’t been in here for more than a few hours,” Yu said. “Probably less. It’s not
even close to lunch time. I’m fine.”
“You don’t look fine,” Yosuke said accusingly. He still had a hand on Yu’s shoulder for
support.
“It was just… a rough one.” Yu said with a strained smile. Goro couldn’t shake the same
concern that was written all over Yosuke’s face.

It was conceited to assume that Goro was the only one affected by these shadow’s speeches.
Even if Yu and Minato were seeing different people, they were still hearing the same hurtful
words.
“I’m sorry,” Goro said.
“What are you apologizing for?” Junpei asked.
Goro wasn’t really sure.
“You don’t have to keep going,” Goro said. “You can rest while we move up.”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Yu said. “I’m the–” he glanced at Minato and cleared his throat “--one
of the leaders.”
“Leaders need their rest too,” Yukiko said.
“I’m fine,” Yu insisted. “Can we please leave?”
“Fine,” Akihiko said. The group started up the stairs that sat behind the gazebo. “But if you
think you can’t handle any of the future floors, you’re allowed to wait until we give the all
clear. That applies to everyone.”
“Well,” Naoto said haltingly. “Maybe not everyone.”
“What do you mean?” Amano asked.
“These last two reflections were turned into ordinary shadows by their real world counterpart
and Akechi-kun respectively,” Suou said. “Therefore, it’s not illogical to assume that the
same conditions are true of each floor.”
“What? Either we have to kill our own person or Goro does?” Kanji asked.
“Pretty much,” Naoto said apologetically.
Goro had guessed as much when stabbing Tatsumi actually worked. “It could also be a
wildcard trait,” Goro said. “In the next floor, if they are willing, either Minato or Yu should
attempt to trigger a reflection’s transformation.”
“It’s Lovers next, right? I think I can,” Minato said, raising his hand awkwardly. He gave
Yukari an awkward smile. “Sorry.”
“I won’t see it,” Yukari said with a shrug. Her face suddenly went pink. “Wait a minute, why
am I Lovers?!”
Rise smiled slyly. “Am I your Lovers, Senpai?”
Yu sighed. “Yes.”
Rise’s smile faltered. “O-oh.” She chuckled awkwardly. “Sorry Yosuke.”

“The Lovers arcana represents a major choice,” Goro said. “It doesn’t necessarily have
anything to do with romance. Ryoji, please do not think I have a crush on you.”
Minato’s face went ashen just as they entered the next floor. Blue light reflected off the floors
and walls.
“The aquarium?” Fuuka observed.
Minato stared at Goro. He still looked like he had half a mind to throw up. “Your Lovers is
Ryoji?”
“Well, Minato?” Not-Ryoji leaned against the glass of a shark tank, grinning with all of his
teeth. “Are you going to kill me?”

It was remarkable how much a mall resembled an old dorm room. How much Minato could
see Ryoji in Yukari’s face.
Minato’s head swiveled to his right, and Ryoji still stood next to him. Alive and real as ever.
Of course he did. There was no reason to assume he wasn’t.
“This is normally the part where I try to strike at Goro-kun’s insecurities, but really, what’s
there to tell?” Not-Yukari asked. “Goro is so used to being hated that I think he finds insults
comforting. Isn’t that a bit scary?”
“If you’re pretending to be Ryoji, you’re doing a terrible job,” Minato said. After so many
years of practice, it wasn’t hard to put on a tone of indifference. “You don’t even look like
him.”
“Like that’s ever stopped you before,” Not-Yukari said. She stood to her full height and
walked toward Minato slowly. “You know that’s what everyone else sees. You know that’s
what Ryoji sees.”
“Ignore him,” Ryoji said. “He’s not real. He’s not me.”
“He’s not real,” Not-Yukari mocked. “Isn’t that hilarious? I’m pretty sure your precious
Ryoji used that exact same logic on you before, didn’t he? I’m just death, so you can kill me.
I’m going to die anyway. Please kill me Minato–”
Yu appeared from seemingly out of nowhere and stabbed the fake Yukari in the gut. She
didn’t disappear.
“Nice try, Narukami,” Not-Yukari said. She looked extremely put out. “But only Goro can do
any damage. This place is tied to his fate, after all.”
Goro sighed. “Very well, then.”

“You’re cold blooded,” Not-Ryoji said as Goro raised his sword. “You’re really going to
erase all your friend’s memories, just like that?”
It was a trick. It wasn’t real.
But Goro still faltered.
“That was years ago,” Ken said.
“You’ve always hated the world,” Ryoji said. “You wanted Minato to kill me. Didn’t you?”
A flash of alarm crossed Minato’s face. Goro opened his mouth to defend himself–
Ryoji shot his counterpart in the chest. That didn’t stop Not-Ryoji from turning into an
inversely-colored Thanatos, who held barely less power than the reverse Arsene.
Goro was getting kind of sick of fighting these persona look-alikes.
“Goro-kun didn’t want Minato to kill me,” Ryoji said when they were done fighting. He
glanced at Minato pleadingly. “You know that.”
Minato nodded, still looking nauseous.
“We need a break,” Mitsuru decided.
“Good thing this aquarium has an elevator,” Rise said, pointing to the elevator sitting next to
the spiral stairs.

The (absolutely massive) elevator took them all the way back down to the initial floor of the
dungeon. Everyone clambered through the mirror entrance and returned to their tents in a
state of utter exhaustion.
Goro checked the time on his phone. It was still only ten in the morning, and they had started
their venture at eight.
Goro spent the next half-hour taking a hard-earned nap. When he woke up, he found the
others eating a hurried lunch as they prepared to go back in.
“The less school we miss, the better,” Chie said with a mouthful of noodles.
It had indeed been the plan to get through as much of the dungeon as possible, ideally all of
it, that day. Still, Goro couldn’t help but to glance in Minato and Yu’s direction. They seemed
much recovered from their previous states, but there was no point in pushing the group harder
than necessary.
“We can rest longer if we need to,” he said.

“We’ve checked in with everyone else,” Akihiko said without missing a beat. “They’re good
with keeping going.” Akihiko narrowed his eyes at Akechi in suspicion. “Unless you’re not?”
“No, I’m fine,” Goro said. He was mostly telling the truth. “And regardless, Chie has a
point.”
“I’m fine with missing school,” Kanji said.
“Does the mandatory attendance policy mean nothing to you?” Naoto asked with a hint of
despair in their tone.
“I don’t officially go to school,” Teddie said helpfully.
“Yeah, that might change any day now,” Yosuke muttered into his bowl. “So enjoy it while
you can.”
“I don’t know…” Nanjo said. “Sometimes I miss my high school years, demons and altered
realities and all.”
“That was… a sentence,” Amano said, even as a decent portion of the Shadow Operatives
nodded in agreement to Nanjo’s statement.
After everyone finished eating, they re-entered the dungeon. The elevator was fortunately
still there, so they rode it back up to the sixth floor.
“Oh, wait!” Yukari exclaimed as they waited impatiently for the elevator to reach the top.
“There’s a window!”
Everyone turned to where she was pointing. Sure enough, there was a small square window
on the back wall of the elevator. Goro was too far away from it to see the view.
“The ocean, huh?” Junpei asked. He frowned at the window. “Is this an island fortress or
something?”
Goro suddenly remembered the peculiar appearance of his Velvet Room. Were the two
related?
“Or something,” Yu agreed.
They stepped off the elevator and entered the aquarium. The stairs were immediately next to
the elevator doors, so Goro made a quick left and started to climb them.
The next floor revealed the hill overlooking Inaba. It was dark outside, and fireworks
exploded in the distance.
Goro’s chest clenched. Ken flinched.
“You are all terrible friends,” Not-Dojima said. He rested his hand on one of the fences,
glowering at them. “I can’t believe none of you noticed that the eleven-year-old was having a
panic attack right in front of you.”

“Panic attack… what?” Yukiko turned toward Goro with a horrified expression. “You mean
during the fireworks…”
“Ever heard of post-traumatic stress?” Akihiko said. His expression twitched as another
firework went off. Junpei squeezed his eyes shut.
“The fireworks exploding and gunshots sound very familiar,” Aigis said. Yu’s expression
shifted as his fingers brushed against his ear.
“Just hurry up and kill this guy,” Junpei snapped.
Like it was that easy.
In a way, it was.
“Yeah, Goro-kun,” Not-Dojima said. “I know you never liked me anyway–”
Goro already stabbed him cleanly through the heart. He slid his blade out with equal
precision.
Find the target. Attack the target. Destroy its shadow.
Wash, rinse, and repeat.
Dojima’s shadow took a full minute to beat instead of the usual thirty seconds. It hadn’t taken
on a particularly unique form either; it only resembled the Triglav persona.
“The shadows are getting stronger the further up we go,” Mitsuru said when they were done.
Destroying the shadow hadn’t stopped the incessant stream of fireworks, and the group
hurried to the stairs.
“Or the shadows react to the amount of negativity in the room,” Naoto said.
“Or both.” Suou frowned. “They’re obviously trying to get a rise out of us, but it wouldn’t be
outlandish to assume that they get stronger as we get closer to our target.”
“Fantastic,” Yosuke said. He smiled with faux cheer. “Only 13 more to go!”
“Fourteen, actually,” Yu said.
Yosuke slumped. “Better yet.”

Chapter End Notes

Congratulations to those of you who figured out the gimmick ahead of time! I liked all
the theories that came in. <3

And yeah, as I said in the summary, this is the final dungeon, so we'll be spending a bit
more time here. :D
Poll if you still haven't done it.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 94: March 25, 2012
Chapter Summary

Boy oh boy i hope you remember all these charcters' last names

Chapter Notes

tw: violence, ptsd, references to torture, references to death

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“Next is Ken,” Goro said.
“Fantastic,” Amada muttered.
Yosuke tried not to blanch. What sort of hell had Goro’s previous team gone through that
everyone looked more and more upset when it was one of their turns? He already knew the
basics about the world almost ending and stuff, but that wasn’t too far off the mark from what
their Investigation Team had faced.
“You don’t have to go up there,” Kirijo told Amada.
“It’s fine, Mitsuru,” Amada said. “It can’t be any worse than what we’ve already been
through. Besides…” Amada glanced at Goro. “Goro could use a break from killing things.”
Kirijo didn’t look like she enjoyed this situation at all.
“I can’t go up there,” Yu said suddenly.
“What? Why?” Yukari asked.
“It’ll be Nanako for me,” he said. “And I… I can’t see Nanako in this place.”
Oh, right. Yosuke almost forgot that Yu saw something completely different from the rest of
them. Yosuke gave Yu’s hand a comforting squeeze. “Do you want me to stay behind with
you?”
Yu shook his head. “No. I’ll be alright. Just come back down to get me when you guys are
done.”

They left Yu behind with the dog, who was more than happy to get pets while everyone else
went fighting.
Yosuke still wasn’t over the fact that the dog could summon a persona. But then again,
Teddie grew himself a body, so who was he to judge?
Yosuke wasn’t sure what he was expecting for the following floor. He had kind of learned to
expect the unexpected in this place, but sometimes the answer was pretty basic. Maybe a
bedroom? Or maybe something more sinister?
They entered a cold dark alleyway, and Yosuke was disappointed but not surprised to know
that the answer was “sinister all the way.” Goro and Amada, who for most of the day had
been sticking together like glue, now refused to look at each other at all.
“The moon is beautiful,” Yukiko said, pointing at the full moon glowing down at them.
“Sure, but why is the sky green?” Kanji asked.
“This is the dark hour,” Kirijo said somberly.
“And this is the day I tried to avenge my mother’s murder,” Not-Amada said. He wore a glare
that Yosuke wasn’t sure he’d ever seen on real Amada’s face before. And he was way shorter.
Like… he actually looked like he was ten.
“Let’s just get this over with,” Amada spat, raising his spear.
Not-Amada rolled his eyes. “So impatient. It’s a wonder you had it in you to hesitate before
you put a spear into Shinjiro’s chest.”
Shinjiro… the name sounded familiar, but where did Yosuke know it from?
“He didn’t, so there’s no point in talking about it,” Akihiko said.
“Only because Goro-kun was there to save the day,” Not-Amada said in a mocking tone.
“If you call trauma dumping and threatening to kill one of my only friends saving the day,”
Goro muttered.
What the hell?
“I’ve been mulling over some good things to tell you, you know, while you muster up the
courage to kill me,” Not-Amada continued. “Thought about bringing up the question of you
forgiving Shinji, but-“But what?” Amada asked tersely.
“You did forgive Shinjiro,” Not-Amada said. “God knows how, but you did it–”
“Ken, are you going to kill it, or am I?” Goro demanded, stalking toward the reflection with
his sword raised.

Amada’s spear wavered.
Goro’s sword did too.
“Were you scared?” Not-Amada taunted. “Were you scared when Goro threatened to kill
you?”
“At the time? Not even a little bit,” Amada said. “I was too angry at him to be scared. And I
was planning on dying anyway, so what was there to be scared of? Him killing me only made
things easier. The only thing I was scared of was not getting my revenge.”
Yosuke was suddenly so glad that he hadn’t lived in Iwatodai three years ago. Was Amada
alright? Did he need counseling?
“But you never did.”
“Well, I never said I was right,” Amada said. Bizarrely enough, he smiled at Goro. “It’s like
he said. Revenge just takes until there’s nothing left, not even you.”
Unbidden, Yosuke remembered the choice they almost made in that hospital room. The day
that Yosuke almost became a murderer.
They had told themselves that it might be the only way to stop the killings, but… Revenge
had definitely been a motivator too.
Why did things always have to be so terrible?
“I don’t think I said it so succinctly,” Goro muttered.
“And after that, well.” Amada smiled. “It’s hard to be scared of someone who put himself
between you and the evil gun guy.”
Yosuke hated that he could picture Goro doing exactly that.
With the tension of the room diffused, Amada and Goro both thrust their weapons into the
reflection’s body, staring at each other as they did it.
Every time he saw Goro kill one of the reflections, Yosuke’s stomach churned.
As he watched two middle schoolers stabbing a reflection even smaller than them, Yosuke
barely stopped himself from being actually sick.

Junpei was getting kind of tired of this place.
Between all of the mind games and the constant stairs, it was really wearing on his patience.
Not to mention the growing anxiety of what would happen once they reached the inevitable
Junpei floor.

Or was it inevitable? Goro never had the highest opinion of him. Maybe Goro never had one
of these mysterious social links with Junpei.
Well, it wasn’t worth worrying about now. After they defeated Not-Ken’s scary inverse
persona and collected Narukami and Koromaru from the previous floor, Goro had stopped at
the bottom of the stairs and said very softly,
“Takaya’s next.”
“You had a Social Link with Takaya?” Fuuka asked, her eyes wide with horror.
Goro exhaled. “Is it really that surprising?”
No. It really wasn’t.
The younger half of the group had pretty much no idea what Goro was talking about, but the
idea of facing Takaya, even if he wasn’t real, made Junpei’s insides squirm. Not that he
wanted to back out! As a matter of fact, he was kind of looking forward to stabbing Takaya,
even if it didn’t successfully get rid of him.
It would be therapeutic.
Already, Junpei was formulating theories on what the floor would look like. Maybe it would
be that bunker Takaya trapped them in when they first met? But Goro knew him ahead of
time… Maybe some forgotten alleyway? Tartarus?
…Chidori’s bedroom?
Junpei really hoped it wouldn’t be the last two. His nightmares supplied him with those
specific settings too often.
But when they came to the top of the stairs, none of Junpei’s pre-existing theories were
proven correct.
Instead, they stood in some sort of abandoned room. Burnt wire hung from the ceiling, and
scorch marks littered the floor. Junpei scrunched his nose at the sheer amount of dust hanging
in the air.
Why did the place smell like blood?
Goro’s expression completely closed off. His eyes darted around the room as Koromaru
nudged Goro’s leg with his head. Goro jerked back.
Okay. Clearly this place was bringing back some really shitty memories.
“Takaya!” Akihiko shouted. “Stop being a bastard and come out!”
As though summoned from the grave, Takaya appeared in the doorway of the room. Junpei
had thought he’d never have to see that smug grin again, and yet, here it was, staring him in
the face.

“Hello, Goro,” Takaya said softly. “I see you’ve finally come back to this place.”
“We’re miles away from Iwatodai,” Goro said without any inflection in his voice.
Takaya raised a single eyebrow. “And yet you left that dried blood on the floor after your last
visit,” he said. “Are you sure this isn’t the same place?”
Wait. The blood Junpei could smell was Goro’s? What the hell?
“Why can’t you just shut up?!” Fuuka cried.
Takaya ignored her entirely. “We had such an… enlightening time here,” he said. “I learned
that you were more slippery than you looked. And you learned–”
Yukari shot Takaya in the chest. It didn’t work, of course, but Junpei felt vindication at seeing
the arrow sticking out of him. How many arrows would it take to make Takaya a human
pincushion?
“You shouldn’t interrupt people while they’re speaking,” Takaya chided. He glared at Yukari
as he yanked the arrow from his chest and threw it to the floor with a clatter. “As I was
saying–”
“I learned that you enjoyed trying to ruin my life,” Goro said. “Yes, I was there. Why don’t
we skip to the part where I kill you?”
“Are you sure you have it in you?” Takaya asked. He was still smiling. “You were certainly
hesitant the last time you had a gun to my head.”
“Shut the fuck up.”
Takaya glanced at Akihiko. “Don’t make your friend intercede for you now–”
But Goro was already shouting. He sliced his sword through Takaya’s neck, and Junpei
braced himself for the inevitable bitch of a fight.
But it never came.
Takaya still stood there, except now he was laughing his head off.
“There it is!” Takaya said, downright high on his glee. “There’s the Goro I worked so hard to
find!”
“I don’t understand,” Mitsuru said. “Why didn’t it work?”
Goro was furiously trying to kill Takaya, slicing and stabbing him in all sorts of creative
ways. Takaya only kept on laughing.
“Just die already!” Goro screamed, his voice raw and guttural. The hair on Junpei’s back
stood up.

“Goro-kun, it’s not working–” Amano tried, but Goro kept going.
“Why won’t you die?!” Goro gasped for breath between slashes. “Why can’t you leave me
alone?!”
“I can’t leave you alone because I am you,” Takaya said, finally stopping his laughter. “I’m
what you will become.”
“That’s not true!” Junpei shouted, finding his voice. Goro could never end up like Takaya.
“Yeah, you look nothing like Goro’s shadows,” Kanji said. “Like, at all.”
“As you go through this place, you’re severing your ties to your attachments,” Takaya said.
“You barely feel a thing as you plow through those you called friends–”
Goro had given up trying to hack Takaya to pieces. Instead, he dropped his sword and
hunched in on himself, tugging at his hair. “Shut up, shut up!”
“You are wrong,” Aigis told Takaya. “We work together to overcome obstacles in this place.
Our bonds are only growing tighter.”
Takaya’s mouth curled in disgust. “For a machine such as yourself, perhaps. But Goro-kun is
different. Goro-kun is enlightened enough to understand the truth–”
“What truth?” Mitsuru demanded, her voice cracking. “That you can murder whoever you
want just because you can?!”
“I don’t need to be lectured by the likes of you.”
“Goro is nothing like you!” Ken shouted. “Goro would never hurt people for his own gain!”
Goro’s laugh that followed was a shrill, sad sound, as though Goro was falling apart at the
seams. He curled further in on himself, looking smaller than he had when he was eleven.
“Not anymore,” Minato said quietly. “You’re not that person anymore.”
“Don’t listen to him, Goro-kun,” Ryoji said.
Goro laughs were replaced with soft, gasping sobs. Koromaru nuzzled Goro’s face, licking
the tears from his cheeks. A strange expression came over Goro’s face.
“Well,” Takaya said, tutting. “You always did have that weak streak I never had the chance to
sort out.”
“No,” Goro whispered. He buried his hands into Koromaru’s fur. “You’re wrong.”
“What was that?”
“I’m not you,” Goro said. His voice was still barely audible, but he stood back up to his full
height. “I will never be you.”

“Then why do you see me in your dreams?” Takaya asked. “Why do you think about me,
even two years since my departure?”
“Do you really want to know why?” Goro asked. His voice was getting stronger. “I am afraid
of you. Not death. Not attachment. I am afraid of you. I am afraid screwing up again and
becoming just like you.”
If this were a video game or anime, Junpei was certain Takaya would disappear with a puff of
smoke.
But Takaya still stood in front of Goro, a frown on his face.
“Fine,” he said. “You want to get rid of me so badly? Then here are my conditions: I ask a
question, and I receive an honest answer.” Takaya’s grin grew nastier than Junpei had ever
seen it. “I’m sure you’re familiar enough with the concept.”
Goro’s face was still paler than Junpei had ever seen it, but he gave a tiny nod. “Fine.”
“Very good.” Unexpectedly, Takaya turned toward Akihiko.
“Do you regret killing me?”
Akihiko said nothing, looking like he was holding his breath. Confusion tugged at Junpei.
Wasn’t he meant to ask Goro a question? And why would he bring up his own death to
Akihiko? Of course, Akihiko didn’t regret ending that sorry son of a—
“Yes,” Akihiko whispered, and Junpei stopped short.
“What?” Junpei asked. “What do you mean?”
Junpei turned toward Goro, expecting him to look surprised or betrayed, but Goro was staring
at the floor with a glimmer in his eyes that looked almost similar to understanding.
“We promised to kill him,” Akihiko said. He clenched his fists. “And if I didn’t, Goro would,
and all that aside, I… I wanted to hurt him. To get rid of him.”
Junpei was still struggling to see the problem. “Well, yeah, because he was evil—”
“But I do regret it,” Akihiko said. He glared. “I wish I had just left you behind on that tower.
I wish I had spared you to show you that your stupid ideologies about death and power
wouldn’t win. I wish I had shown you that despite everything that happened with—with
Chidori, I could be better.”
Junpei stared. Now he was feeling uncomfortable. How often had Akihiko thought about
this? Obviously killing a person was never a one and done experience, but Junpei had felt
so… satisfied when Takaya died. Satisfied and safe. But maybe… maybe he just focused on
those feelings so he wouldn’t have to think about the horror of it all. The fact that they had
defeated someone—an admittedly very evil someone—and let Akihiko kill him.

Takaya tutted. “But you didn’t,” he said. “You killed me without hesitation, if I recall. Quite
merciless.”
Akihiko glared and stared Takaya in the eyes. “Maybe so,” he said. “I’ve had a lot of time to
think about this, you know. To wonder what I would have done differently, if we were there
again. But it’s too late to change the past. All I can do is change how I act now. So let us
through.”
Goro made a choked noise from the back of his throat, and Junpei glanced at him to see that
Goro was staring at Akihiko with glistening eyes. And Goro… Goro was smiling. A small
smile, admittedly. Something like an awkward mix of approval and gratitude.
“Very well,” Takaya said. “But don’t think I’ll let you through without a fight.”
That was the last thing Takaya said before he turned into a monster in the shape of his old
persona.

“Who was that guy?” Teddie asked quietly, his voice shaking as they marched up the next set
of stairs.
“I sort of remember Goro mentioning him,” Yu said. His eyes were wide, but it didn’t seem
from horror. Just… utter bafflement. Naoto supposed seeing a different person during these
confrontations would make the experience altogether unsettling. “He obviously downplayed
how terrible he was.”
Even the word terrible was a gross understatement. Everything about that man had reminded
Naoto of an Adachi who didn’t force himself to conform to society. Someone who had hurt
Goro in a way that Naoto would never know or understand the full extent of. He had made
Adachi seem tame in comparison.
To put it bluntly, that entire experience had been somewhat terrifying.
The next arcana on the list was Fortune, which, according to Goro, should be a break from
the high-strung emotions and the difficult battle that followed. Goro’s Fortune Arcana was
none other than Naoto herself.
Naoto wouldn’t pretend she wasn’t apprehensive about how her reflection would behave.
Especially since the rules for dispatching them seemed to have changed. This Takaya
shouldn’t have survived Goro’s first hit, much less the proceeding attacks. Something must
have changed now that they had climbed a third of the way up the tower.
How much more difficult was this going to get? Goro was still shaking from his last
encounter, and the others who recognized Takaya weren’t fairing much better. Sanada looked
a little green. Goro went up to him and whispered something Naoto couldn’t make out, but
Sanada nodded and gave Goro a squeeze on the shoulder.

Naoto’s reflection stood in her grandfather’s office, staring at the group with an analytical
eye. Naoto recognized her own face as the reflection glanced at each and every one of their
number, assessing their strengths and weaknesses.
“I wouldn’t bother trying to attack me,” Naoto’s look-alike said. “It won’t do anything, so it
would be a waste of your time and energy.”
“Fine,” Goro said. “What do you want?”
Naoto’s reflection frowned. “This group consists of three detectives, two former student
council presidents, a hacker, an artificial intelligence, and a journalist. If you can’t figure it
out, you don’t deserve to know the answer.”
“Don’t tell me you want us to answer another question,” Yosuke said.
Not-Naoto smiled slightly and nodded. “I’m sure it won’t be anything out of the ordinary for
Goro-kun, though. I’ve asked him plenty of questions in our time together.”
Goro crossed his arms agitatedly. “Just spit it out.”
“Do you regret it?” Naoto’s reflection asked, her voice sharp as knives.
“You shadows are so imprecise,” Nanjo said, crossing his arms. “Would it kill you to be more
specific?”
“Do you regret the thousands of lives that are inextricably changed by your insisting on
making things better?” Not-Naoto’s expression twisted into something far more unpleasant.
“Lives that may no longer exist because of you? The butterfly effect is a very real thing.”
Goro looked very tired. “I didn’t ask to be sent here.”
“But it was your actions that changed things. So? Do you regret it? Do you regret saving
others at the expense of some nameless face?”
“That’s an impossible question,” Naoto said, pretending she hadn’t wondered something very
similar.
“And yet it is a question he has to face,” her counterpart snapped. “Answer the question
already.”
“I can’t regret it,” Goro said. His expression was an odd mix between angry and sad. “I can’t
regret helping people. I can’t regret trying to be better than I was.” Goro looked down at his
shaking hands. “I’m sorry that I may have made things worse for someone else.”
Naoto’s look alike looked satisfied. She calmly dissipated into one of the weakest shadows
they had seen yet.
It was by far the most peaceful floor in the entire dungeon. Even if it had some of the more
unsettling implications.

When they entered a familiar looking elementary school classroom, Ken couldn’t stop his
surprise. Sure, the classroom was identical to his classroom from two years ago. The
decorations on the walls were different, but the layout was otherwise exactly the same.
The place even smelled familiar, and Ken felt like he was taken back to a different time
altogether. A time where his biggest problem was the literal end of the world, instead of just
worrying about the safety of his dumbass friend.
It was simultaneously nostalgic and unpleasant.
“A classroom?” Amano observed.
Suou picked up a familiar set of cat gel pens from one of the desks. “Elementary school, if I
had to guess.”
“Wow, you’re so smart.” Ken jumped when he saw Emiko of all people block their exit. “I
don’t think I would have ever guessed that.”
“This was her classroom,” Goro said unimpressed. “She sat at that desk. I’m sure she would
have been able to figure it out at one glance.”
Emiko – no, she was not Emiko– pouted obnoxiously. “Are you sure? I mean, I am a bit of an
airhead at times.”
“You are not,” Ken said.
“And too talkative, and terrible at social cues…” Not-Emiko continued, counting on her
fingers. “Oh! And I insert myself into other people’s lives without a care in the world!”
“What are you doing?” Goro asked.
“I’m just telling the truth,” Not-Emiko said. “It’s a wonder you tolerate my presence at all. I
know you only hang out with me because I’m too clingy to shake off.”
“That’s bullshit,” Ken snapped. “We hang out with Emiko because we like her.”
“It’s a shame that you’re all going to kill me, isn’t it?”
Goro rolled his eyes. “Ask your question.”
“I wonder how you’ll ever be able to look poor Emiko-chan in the eyes again,” not-Emiko
whispered. “Knowing that you keep so many secrets from her? How do you do it?”
Goro didn’t say anything. Ken’s chest tightened.
It was hard. It was hard to know that there were things about their lives that Emiko would
never know.

But even if she did believe them, what then? She would thrust herself into danger without a
persona to protect her.
“I don’t know,” Goro admitted.
“Boring,” not-Emiko sighed.
“We’re keeping her safe,” Ken said, even though the question wasn’t even directed at him.
“Oh, I’m sure she would see it that way, if you told her the truth,” not-Emiko said, before
turning into a shadow.
Ken tried not to let the words haunt him.
He failed.

Mitsuru held her breath as they walked onto the Tartarus rooftop. It made her chest squeeze
to even be near Tartarus, even if it was an imitation.
Everything was fine. The real Tartarus was gone. It wouldn’t come back.
Crosses with broken chains stood behind them. Aigis made a noise that sounded like a
strangled gasp.
It made sense that this was the place they ended up. This was the floor for the Hanged Man
Arcana. The arcana… that bonded Goro and Mitsuru’s father.
It had been over two years since his death, and Mitsuru still found herself bursting into tears
over the smallest of things just when she thought she was finally better. Sometimes, she
would be doing something as monotonous as checking her schedule when she’d remember
how strict her father had been about keeping everything written down in a calendar.
Sometimes it felt like the pain would never go away.
No matter how painful it was, no matter how different this reflection was, Mitsuru refused to
miss the opportunity to see her father again. Even if it wasn’t him at all.
Even if she was forced to relive the worst day of her life.
Mitsuru searched the rooftop thoroughly, waiting for her father to appear. Her heart was
practically in her throat as she held her breath.
“Did you really think I’d come?” her father’s voice echoed around them, without a body.
“Father?!” Mitsuru cried, losing her composure entirely. Her voice cracked, and she stumbled
forward, turning her head frantically to find the reflection.

“You disappoint me, Mitsuru,” her father said. “Don’t you understand the full importance of
forging an unbreakable bond?”
“What is she–he talking about?” Minato asked. Mitsuru glanced in his direction. He and Yu
were looking at the same spot, unlike the rest of the group, who couldn’t find an appropriate
place to look.
“Goro-kun never had the time and never put the effort to forge a true bond with me,” her
father said. “So I cannot appear to you corporeal. You can walk through this room without
any obstacle.”
“B-but…” Mitsuru’s voice shook, and she took a deep breath. She had to keep it together, no
matter how hard it was. “What does that mean?”
“The more we get to know someone, the stronger our bond becomes,” Yu said quietly.
“Eventually we form an unbreakable bond, or something. I’m guessing Goro didn’t max out
his social link with your father.”
“Because he died,” Goro snapped. His voice shook as well, but Mitsuru didn’t miss the relief
in his eyes. Why was he relieved? Was he afraid to see a ghost?
“This would be the part where I say the dead cannot come back to life,” Mitsuru’s father said.
“But we all know that it’s not true.”
“What do you mean?” Akihiko asked, a pleading note to his voice.
“Do you really have to ask? It means that people like to play god and meddle with reality,”
Goro said. “Let’s move on, shall we?”
Mitsuru didn’t want to move on. She wanted to stay and listen to her father’s voice.
Yukari rested a hand on her shoulder. “C’mon Mitsuru,” Yukari said quietly. “It’s just
something pretending to be him.”
Mitsuru’s breath hitched. A part of her wanted to shove Yukari’s hand away. She wanted to
burst into tears. She wanted… had just wanted to see her father again.
But she couldn’t.
Instead, she turned toward Yukari and took a deep breath. She gave her a tiny nod. “Right.”

“Hey, Minato,” Ryoji said as they marched to the next floor. Goro had already given them the
rundown of what to expect from the next floor. “Death, huh? Is that me?”
Ryoji understood why he might be Goro’s Lovers Arcana, with the big choice theme. But it
wasn’t Minato’s, which meant that Minato had a different arcana for Ryoji. And Ryoji had to
admit he was extremely curious to figure out who.

“Sort of,” Minato said. “I already had you on the Fortune floor. Death was technically
Pharos.”
“Aw, little baby me?” Ryoji said, smiling playfully. Obviously that was a gross
oversimplification of who Ryoji had been as Pharos, but there was no point in over
complicating it.
“Sure,” Minato said with an eye roll.
“I wish I could see him,” Ryoji said. “I’m going to have to watch you talk about something
cryptic instead.”
“Hooray,” Minato said sadly. “I wonder what question I’m going to ask.”
“Maybe about coffee?” Ryoji guessed as they entered a room that was unmistakably Chagall
Cafe. The stain where Ryoji once dropped an entire tray of coffee was still on the floor. “The
disgusting variety?”
“What’s this about disgusting coffee?” Narukami asked.
“We’re in Chagall Cafe,” Shirogane said.
Narukami looked like death warmed over. Which was funny, since they were on the death
floor. Did the creators of this dungeon intentionally make it so that the death floor was a
coffee shop that had coffee so repulsive it could kill you?
That was an exaggeration.
But only a small one.
“Do you think they actually serve coffee here?” Suou asked. “Because I could use a cup right
about now.”
Amano picked a mug off the table and handed it to Suou. “Here.”
“No, don’t drink that,” Nanjo said, his voice disgusted. “How do you know Nyarlathotep
didn’t poison it?”
Suou sniffed it experimentally before taking a sip. His expression scrunched up, but he kept
drinking as Nanjo made another disgusted noise from the back of his throat. Ryoji was
honestly kind of impressed.
“Stop punishing yourself,” Goro said. “Take the elevator down to Leblanc if you want coffee
so badly.”
“None of that stuff was premade,” Amano pointed out. “It was just coffee beans in jars.”
“Yes, because that’s how coffee is supposed to be prepared,” Nanjo snapped. “Not summoned
into existence by a thirteen-year-old’s subconscious.”

“I could probably make some,” Ryoji volunteered. He hadn’t worked at Chagall long, and
admittedly their recipe for coffee wasn’t very good. But Ryoji at least knew the theory behind
grinding coffee beans and seeping them into water.
“Um, guys?” Satonaka said. “I think he’s here.”
Sure enough, Minato’s double was leaning against the wall in front of the stairs, sipping at a
Styrofoam cup of coffee. He watched the group with a lazy expression, as though he hoped
he would be able to stand without detection.
“Um, hi not-Minato,” Junpei said slowly. “How’re ya doing?”
Definitely-not-Minato shrugged and took another loud sip of coffee.
To make the scene funnier, Ryoji imagined Pharos drinking that coffee and saying nothing.
He chortled. Minato gave him a confused look, which he had no right to do considering what
he got to watch.
“Is Pharos drinking coffee right now?” Ryoji whispered.
“Chocolate milk,” Minato whispered back. “He’s blocking off the door to my old dorm
room.”
Ryoji shoved his fist into his mouth to stop himself from laughing out loud. He was already
getting disapproving stares from Akihiko and Yukari.
“Do you want to ask us a question or…” Hanamura said.
Not-Minato shrugged again.
“If you drink too much coffee you’re going to have heart failure,” Suou said as he picked up
a different mug from a table and began to drink.
“Does that mean you’re trying to give yourself heart failure?” Ken asked.
“No, I’m just very, very tired.”
Minato’s double finally began to speak. “Questions are boring,” he said. “If I don’t ask you a
question, you don’t have to fight me. And I won’t be destroyed.”
“But then we’ll all be stuck here,” Junpei said.
Not-Minato shrugged for the third time. That was excessive, even for Minato.
After maybe another sixty seconds of Minato and Suou having a staring contest while
drinking coffee, Not-Minato relented.
“Fine,” he said. “This is pretty boring too.”
“So… what’s your question?” Rise asked.

Not-Minato looked directly at real Minato. Real Minato’s eyes widened. “What does your
sister look like?”
Minato jerked backwards into Ryoji at the question. Ryoji brought a hand to Minato’s
shoulder to steady him.
The question really was a dirty play. Everybody knew that Minato’s sister died when he was
seven. Ryoji was never seven years old, but he had a feeling he’d have trouble remembering
what people looked like twelve years ago.
But Not-Minato was still staring at Minato without remorse. Ryoji gave Minato’s shoulder a
comforting squeeze.
“She had brown hair,” Minato said.
“And?” Not-Minato raised an eyebrow. “Plenty of people have brown hair.”
“She was fair-skinned, I think,” Minato whispered.
“Brown hair and fair skin. That’s remarkably specific. Can’t even give me eye color?”
Minato looked away and stared blankly at the wall. “No.”
Not-Minato’s smile was grim and self-deprecating. “I guess you didn’t love each other well
enough to remember.”
After battling the Orpheus look-alike that came from fake Minato, Ryoji pulled Minato aside.
“You know that wasn’t true, right?” Ryoji asked.
Minato wasn’t looking Ryoji in the eyes. “What wasn’t true?”
“Just because you don’t remember exactly what your sister looks like… it doesn’t mean that
you don’t love her.”
“Doesn’t it?” Minato scowled. “I should remember.”
“You were seven,” Ryoji said. “I mean, I didn’t remember you at all when I first met you in
this body. That doesn’t mean I didn’t care about you.”
“You’re not making me feel better.”
“I just don’t want you to be beating yourself up about this.”
“I’m fine.”
Ryoji watched helplessly as Minato stormed off to the front of the group.

After hours of driving, Akira quite frankly might have driven right past his destination if it
weren’t for the strange blue glow coming from the side of the road. Akira yanked his steering
wheel to his right and veered onto a thin gravel road, grimacing as the car bounced up and
down in protest.
The glowing blue light was becoming more pronounced, and Akira slowed the car to a stop.
He didn’t want Goro finding out what he had done. He could get so… so… self-righteous
sometimes.
In his attempt to hide the car in between the trees, Akira accidentally scraped the outer mirror
against a large trunk. Akira grimaced the screeching sound and slammed his foot on the
break. He looked out the window and stared at the cracked mess of the rear view mirror in
despair.
Hopefully his uncle wouldn’t be too angry…
Unless his uncle really was an evil overlord.
Why did this have to be so confusing?
Akira put the car into park and climbed out. He followed the gravel road until he found a
cluster of tents and the charred remains of a campfire. The site was abandoned, but Akira
tried to avoid making too much noise as he approached the shack.
The shack itself was exactly as Akira remembered it. The inside was still as cobwebbed and
dusty as ever, and the mirror stood two feet taller than Akira, glowing in a menacing fashion.
The blue glow that Akira had followed came from a strange butterfly sitting on top of the
mirror. It stayed still for a moment before outside the shack and disappearing from view.
Weird.
Akira cautiously poked the mirror’s surface. The mirror seemed to grow brighter as it rippled.
Akira’s hand slipped inside without any complaint.
Akira yanked his hand back with a small gasp.
This was all so strange. But he had to keep going if he wanted to discover the truth. At the
very least, he wanted to stop Goro from doing anything too reckless.
He just wanted to help.
Goro would see how strong Akira could be.

Chapter End Notes

Akira,,, baby,,,

Anyway, for reference, I moved some of minato's social links around, so here's the list.
It doesn't mean Minato didn't interact with the characters I axed from the social link list,
it just means that there weren't social links attached to Minato's relationship with say
Keisuke.
lovers: yukari
fortune: ryoji
death: pharos
star: akihiko
Temperance: bebe
magician: junpei
priestess: fuuka
hermit: 'maya' (i edited this bc idk why i put hayase either guys)
tower: monk guy
moon: akechi
justice: ken
strength: yuko
chariot: kazuki
aeon: aegis
hanged man: lil girl
sun: akinari
empress: mitsuru
emperor: probably student discipline boi
hiero: old couple
devil: tanaka
The poll is still available for those who haven't filled it out yet, but I'm too lazy to link it
for the millionth time so just go back to previous chapters and fill it out from there.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments.<3

Chapter 95: March 25, 2012
Chapter Summary

This part of the fic reminds me of my 180k word fic where a Vast Majority of it
happened in the space of like Two Days.

Chapter Notes

tw: implied/referenced child abuse, implied/referenced death, ptsd, grief, violence,

See the end of the chapter for more notes

There was an elevator on the Death floor, so they took a brief break at camp to have a snack
and recuperate. It was still only half past noon, but Yukiko had a feeling it was going to take
them longer and longer to breach the following floors. The shadows were only getting more
powerful. It was somewhat nerve wracking, but Yukiko was experienced in conserving her
energy. This place was the fourth dungeon they were attempting to complete in only a day.
When they returned to the dungeon, Yukiko breached the question of who was going to
appear next.
“It’s Junpei’s turn,” Goro said. He sounded more long-suffering than usual.
“Hooray,” Iori said, his voice obviously sarcastic.
The place they entered looked not unlike Aiya. It was obviously a ramen restaurant, and in
spite of the bowl of fruit she ate just before this, her stomach growled at the smell of
seasoned noodles.
Iori’s face split into a wide grin. “Do you think we can get ramen here?” he asked. “If Suousan got to drink coffee?”
“Do you see any abandoned bowls of ramen?” Yosuke asked dryly.
Chie was already holding a bowl herself and eating it. There were a few bowls left on the
table, but they weren’t nearly as plentiful as the mugs were in the cafe.
“Um, yeah?” Chie asked after she swallowed. “It’s pretty good.”
Iori’s grin grew wider, and he clapped his hands together. “Sweet! It’s been too long since
I’ve had Hagakure.”

“Um, Junpei?” Takeba asked. She cleared her throat and nodded toward the reflection Iori
that was sitting in front of the back entrance, eating his own bowl of noodles. “Maybe we
should stay focused.”
Iori’s eyes widened, and his face fell. “Um, right.”
Similar to Arisato’s reflection, Iori’s copy made no indication of seeing them. Yukiko shyly
raised her voice. “Um, hello.”
Not-Iori looked up from his noodles and froze like a teenager trying to sneak into the hot
springs during the wrong time slot. His eyes scanned the group slowly, and he slurped up the
noodles hanging from his mouth.
“Hey there,” fake Iori said, smiling the way overly confident boys liked to. “Sup?”
“Do you think you could let us pass?” Iori asked. “Then you can get back to eating your
delicious ramen.”
“Sorry, no can do.” Not-Iori shook his head. He held out his bowl toward the real Iori. “But
you can have some of my ramen if you’re hungry.”
“We’re not here to eat,” Sanada said.
“Ugh, fine.” Not-Iori retracted his bowl and continued to slurp his noodles. “I forgot how
boring you guys are.”
“And I forgot how much of an ass I was,” Iori said. He crossed his arms. “Look dude, are you
going to ask us a question, or are you going to smart mouth us all day?”
Not-Iori glowered. “You sound like dad.”
Iori must not have had a good relationship with his father, because his expression was of one
who had just been slapped in the face.
Yukiko had some experience with difficult customers. Maybe she could persuade Iori’s
double to cooperate?
“We don’t mean to be rude; we just have some very important business upstairs,” Yukiko
said. “I’m so sorry for the inconvenience, but it would be extremely helpful if you could let
us through.”
Not-Iori hesitated at that. He stared at Yukiko with a considering expression that made
Yukiko’s skin crawl. “You’re Yukiko-chan, right?”
Iori put his head in his hands and let out a low groan.
It’s okay, Yukiko… Just imagine him wearing those mock glasses Teddie made….
Yukiko bit her tongue to stop herself from giggling. No guy looked intimidating when Yukiko
conjured up that mental picture.

“That’s me,” she said slightly breathlessly.
“You’re hot.”
“Hey!” Chie snapped. Bits of broth flew onto the table as Chie slammed her bowl down. She
stepped in front of Yukiko with her fists in the air. “Don’t make me hurt you.”
“What did I say?!” Not-Iori demanded. “Don’t girls like it when people call them pretty?”
“Please ask your question so we may continue,” Aigis said tersely.
Not-Iori raised his hands in surrender. “Fine, fine!” He grinned. “Hey, me.”
Iori looked alarmed at being addressed. “Uh, yeah?”
“Do you forgive him?”
Iori frowned, looking suddenly very uncomfortable. “What?” he asked.
“Akihiko.” Not-Iori slurped at his noodles loudly, and he nodded his head toward Sanada.
“Do you forgive him for killing Chidori?
Sanada sucked in a breath, taking a step back. Iori looked so flabbergasted that he didn’t say
anything at all. Yukiko bit back the urge to ask for more details.
“He was aiming for Takaya,” Iori said quietly. “He was the one who changed the trajectory.”
Not-Iori glared. “So?”
“What do you mean ‘so’?! You don’t get to ask that sort of personal question!” Junpei
protested.
“I mean, nobody’s forcing you to answer.” Not-Iori said, shrugging. “We can just sit here
forever.”
Yukiko and everyone else stared at Iori expectantly. Iori clutched a necklace around his neck,
glancing between Sanda and the fake Iori repeatedly. He opened his mouth a few times, like
he had an answer in mind, before closing it again.
“Junpei,” Sanada said. His voice was hushed, but he stared directly at Iori when speaking.
“It’s okay.”
Iori’s body visibly relaxed, even as he scowled. “You’re not the one who gets to say that to
me.”
“Are you ever gonna answer?” Not-Iori drawled. “Or should I ask an even more personal
question? Like about the stuff Dad used to say—”
“I don’t know!” Iori blurted out, panic over his features. “Alright? I don’t know.”
Not-Iori frowned. “If you don’t know, then you haven’t forgiven him at all.”

But is that really true? Yukiko wondered as a shadow sprung forth from the Not-Iori. It
immediately sent a blast toward Sanada, and Iori rushed to defend him without a second
thought.

“Alright, that was, well…” Yosuke glanced at Junpei uncomfortably as they walked up the
stairs. Junpei and Akihiko hadn’t said anything after that floor, and Goro couldn’t blame
them.
“Well, it only gets better from here,” Goro said sarcastically. “It’s the Devil Arcana next,
correct?”
“Yep,” Minato said. “Can’t wait to watch Tanaka spit out a bunch of bullshit.”
“Wait… Tanaka like… the guy from Tanaka’s amazing commodities?” Amano asked.
Minato nodded.
“Since when did you know Tanaka?!” Junpei demanded with a dramatic spin toward Minato,
obviously distracted from the emotions of the previous floor.
“Since three years ago,” Minato said. “He wanted to train me as his successor or something.”
Ryoji laughed and shook his head. “Only you.”
“Well, while you get to deal with Tanaka, the rest of us have to deal with Ikutsuki,” Goro
said. “Aren’t you lucky?”
“Ugh, seriously?” Yukari said.
“Well, what’s another person I never wanted to think about again on the list?” Akihiko asked.
“Let’s just get it over with and pray he doesn’t ask us anything that makes our skin want to
crawl.”
Goro sucked in a breath in anticipation for what he was going to see.
The sprawling streets of Port Island were completely unexpected.
“Um, is it just me, or did this place get a lot bigger?” Kanji asked.
“Sorry for the complication,” Ikutsuki’s voice rang above them. “You’re going to have to
work to get to me. Pretty a-maze-ing, huh?”
“Oh my god, I want to kill him,” Yukari growled.
Fuuka and Rise had already summoned their personas.
“We have to get through the maze to get to Ikutsuki’s reflection,” Fuuka said.

“I think he’s that way.” Rise pointed to their right.
“Just great,” Ken muttered. He glanced at Goro as they started to follow Rise and Fuuka.
“Why can’t this ever be easy?”
“I guess you’ll have to blame my shit luck,” Goro said.
“In my defense, you guys never wanted to talk to the other guys,” Ikutsuki said. “You just cut
right to the chase, killing them or answering their questions. How am I meant to show off my
ridiculously good pun skills?”
“Feel free to not serenade us,” Junpei said.
Teddie raised his hand shyly. “I want to hear the puns.”
“Now’s not the time, Teddie,” Yu said, wearing a pinched expression. Goro wondered what
he was seeing in place of Iwatodai.
Fuuka and Rise made a sharp left.
“Now bear with me,” Ikutsuki said. “I’ve had a lot of time to think about this ever since
Takeharu killed me.”
“If I hear another bear pun I will cry,” Yosuke said.
Ikutsuki laughed, and Goro dug his nails into his palms. “Sorry, I didn’t realize they were
such a cryme.”
“Are we almost there yet?” Goro hissed.
“We’re getting closer,” Fuuka said.
“Looks like I’m punning out of time,” Ikutsuki said. “Please don’t bench me.”
“I… don’t get it,” Chie said.
A wave of nausea hit Goro as they stepped into an open area that bore a striking resemblance
to Port Island Station. Ikutsuki’s reflection was sitting on one of the benches and eating a
hamburger.
“Oh,” Naoto said. They stopped a few feet away from Ikutsuki.
“My timing was a bit off on that one,” Ikutsuki admitted. He held out the half-eaten burger to
Goro. “Want some?”
Goro grit his teeth. “No.”
“Your loss.”
“There does not seem to be a visible exit, nor do I see stairs,” Aigis said. “Why aren’t you
guarding them?”

“Excellent question.” Ikutsuki placed the burger on the empty bench space to his right and
dusted off his fingers. “There aren’t any.”
“What do you mean there aren’t any?” Akihiko asked sharply.
“The stairs will only appear once you get rid of me,” Ikutsuki said. “Which means I don’t
have to stay in one spot the entire time. Pretty nice, huh?”
“Speak for yourself,” Junpei muttered.
“I’m afraid we don’t have time for your mind games today,” Mitsuru said. “What are the
requirements to dispose of you?”
“Now, Mitsuru, you wound me,” Ikutsuki said, putting a hand over his heart. “After all those
years we worked together–”
“Answer her question,” Suou said.
Ikutsuki laughed jovially. Goro resisted the urge to punch him in the face. The pain in his
knuckles wouldn’t be worth it. “Fine, fine. It’s the same rules as always. I ask a question, you
give an honest answer, I turn into a shadow, you beat me, the stairs appear. You know the
drill.”
“Fantastic,” Ken said.
“Now, my question is… what exactly happened the night Strega kidnapped you, Goro-kun?”
Ikutsuki crossed his legs and rested his hand on his knee. “Come on, give me all the juicy
details.”
“Are you going out of your way to make me seem as pathetic as possible?” Goro demanded.
He was proud to note that his voice didn’t shake at all.
“That’s the job,” Ikutsuki said.
“You don’t have to do this,” Mitsuru said. “We can find another way.”
“Currently, there is no way up,” Ikutsuki reminded them. “You have to get rid of me to even
make stairs possible.”
“It’s fine, Mitsuru,” Goro bit out. It wasn’t remotely fine, but Ikutsuki, as much as Goro hated
to admit it, was right. Answering the question was their only way up. “If you must know, I
was abducted after Tsu–Nyarlathotep knocked me out on one of my afternoon runs. I woke
up in the abandoned orphanage where Jin knocked me around a bit and demanded to know
where Takaya’s gun was. Takaya wished to indoctrinate me and engaged in some light
waterboarding. I managed to escape, but not before Jin threw a knife at my face.”
Goro pointed to the scar on his cheek. The Investigation Team, who were far less familiar
with the events of that year, made strangled sounds of alarm. But even SEES looked
surprised. Goro almost forgot that he never revealed all the details.

“What happened after that?” Ikutsuki asked. “I asked about the night, which means the whole
thing.”
Goro glowered. “The others know the rest–”
“Well, maybe I forgot.”
“I went to the train station where I ran into you,” Goro snarled. “You let me wear your jacket
and gave me fast food, both of which I accepted to stay in your good graces, and we waited
for Mitsuru to pick us up.”
“It clearly meant a lot to you,” Ikutsuki hummed. “If this is the form this place took. Come to
think of it, it was probably the nicest thing an adult ever did for you–”
“Maybe at the time,” Goro said, his voice shaking. “But you’ll find I’m much more welladjusted than I was then, so would you kindly fuck off so I can kill you already?”
“If you insist.”

“This next floor should be painless,” Goro said. “I never finished this bastard’s social link, so
nobody should be barring the way.”
“Unless the stairs are still missing,” Chie said. “What if we can’t get up at all?”
“We will be fine.” Goro couldn’t stop the hint of unease leaking into his voice.
He wasn’t certain of that at all, but what else could he do? He couldn’t stay behind and wait
for the others. They never got rid of Takeharu’s disembodied voice. Either way, Goro would
have to walk through a maze listening to the sound of Shido’s voice.
“You haven’t told us who it is,” Suou said with a hint of suspicion.
Goro grinned with all of his teeth. “And with any luck, I won’t have to. Aren’t you a
detective?”
“Goro-kun,” Mitsuru said softly in a way that almost sounded condescending. “He’s just
trying to help.”
Goro did not laugh, but it was a close thing. After he told Ikutsuki he had better adult role
models in his life, he should at least act like he could trust adults, even if they did work in
law enforcement.
“Right, well, let’s just get this over with,” Goro said. “I assure you that this will only affect
me.”
“I thought you got rid of your martyr complex,” Akihiko said.
“No, he just got better at hiding it,” Naoto replied.

Goro ignored them. If he had the option to skip this, he would. As it was, he didn’t exactly
have much of a choice but to grit his teeth and bear it.
“Ken,” he muttered as they pulled ahead of the group on the stairs. “If I start to… check
out… I’m trusting you to watch my back.”
Ken’s eyes widened. “Is it really that bad?”
“I hope not.” Goro’s trauma never really came in the form of dissociating, but even a panic
attack could prove detrimental when up against an enemy that thrived from negativity.
The maze came in the form of the red velvet hallways of Shido’s palace. It was fitting. Goro
had spent countless hours solving these puzzles and wandering these very same halls,
fighting the urge to find Shido’s shadow and destroy him. And then on that last day…
“Are we on a boat?” Rise asked. “The ground doesn’t feel very steady.”
“What the hell are you doing on my ship?” Shido’s voice demanded. “I didn’t invite you
simpletons aboard.”
Goro sucked in a breath and kept moving. He never finished Shido’s social link. There
shouldn’t be any physical manifestation of him. They just had to find the stairs and go.
“I know that guy…” Junpei said slowly.
“That’s Shido Masayoshi,” Nanjo said in astonishment as they turned the corner.
“How the hell did you make a bond with one of the most up and coming politicians in the
nation?” Amano asked, sounding impressed.
“I’m sure I mentioned my useless sperm donor to you when telling you my tragic backstory,”
Goro hissed, trying to keep his breathing steady.
“Akechi, what is the meaning of this?!” Shido demanded. Akechi stumbled in alarm. The
Shido of this timeline shouldn’t know his name.
But, then again, the Akira of this timeline wasn’t anything like the Akira that they had seen
either.
“I’m sorry, sir,” Goro said as rudely as possible. “I don’t work for you anymore.”
“Excuse me?” Shido raised his voice. “Need I remind you who got you to where you are
today?”
“Are we almost there yet?” Ken asked Fuuka.
“Nearly,” Fuuka said anxiously. “This is far more difficult to navigate than the city. “
“Obviously,” Shido said. “I designed this place to be impenetrable.”

“And yet the Phantom Thieves were still able to steal your heart,” Goro said.
“Watch your tone, or I’ll end your miserable existence in a heartbeat.”
“Was he like this all the time?” Ken asked quietly as they turned down yet another corridor.
“I don’t want to talk about it,” Goro muttered. The hall seemed to open up through the next
set of double doors, “We’re just going to get to the stairs, and then we’re going to leav–”
They stepped into the motherfucking engine room.
The blast door was already closed, sealing any hope of escape for Goro. The stairs were
nowhere in sight. Were they on the other side of the metal barrier? There weren’t any
shadows yet, but his cognition was probably aiming at him from the shadows–
“Goro,” Ken whispered loudly. “Are you okay?”
Goro tried to take a deep breath, but all he managed to do was choke on air. He felt a
migraine begin to form where the bullet pierced his skull. The scar on his forehead that
Nyarlathotep so kindly gifted him began to itch.
Shido stood ten feet away from him, his hands shoved casually in his back pockets. He
looked exactly as he had before Akechi died, and he glared at Akechi with cold
mercilessness.
“Don’t look so surprised,” Shido spat. “What? Did you think you didn’t have to see me
because you’re too much of a coward to return to true power?”
“That wasn’t power,” Goro whispered. “You were controlling me the entire time.”
His voice quivered with rage, but there was something else hiding beneath the surface. Was it
the memories that haunted this place?
Of all places, why did it have to be the engine room? Shido hadn’t even been there.
Why was Shido here?
“Pawns can still be powerful,” Shido said. “You were smart, last time. You became a valuable
tool for me, and I rewarded you. While I admittedly was planning on disposing of you, you
had power beyond the wildest dreams of most bastard children like you–”
“How are you here?!” Goro shouted, admittedly panicked. “I never maxed your Social Link,
you shouldn’t—”
“Your Phantom Thief friend isn’t maxed out in this timeline either,” Shido said scathingly.
“But some bonds can transcend time. Your wildcard abilities were stifled by the God of
Control, but the bond we formed was certainly unbreakable, at least from your position,
seeing as your only attempt to break it ended in your dea—”

“Why don’t you just shut up?!” Ken demanded, stepping in front of Goro. The others
followed, and Goro couldn’t see Shido at all anymore.
“Guys, I’m fine,” Goro said, but Shido was already talking over him.
“I swear, another one of you,” Shido said. “If you say you’re one of mine, I don’t give a
fuck–”
“Nobody here is yours, so ask your question and get on with it!”
“I will not be ordered around by a child!”
Goro’s heart stuttered, but he stayed perfectly still. He could already feel a plastic expression
sliding over his face.
“Try a detective,” Suou said with cold professionalism. It was clearly a bluff, everybody
knew this version of Shido wasn’t real, but it was the sort of thing that the Phantom Thieves
would try on cognitions in palaces. “Shido-san, it has come to my attention that you have
been abusing your power. I came to investigate matters. But if this is how you treat any
child–”
It was amazing how quickly Shido, even as a cognition, could change demeanor.
“This must be a mistake,” Shido said. His voice was both conversational and authoritative,
but Goro knew that it was the calm before the storm. If this were the real world, Shido was
arranging an accident for Suou even as he spoke. “These children began threatening me, and I
admit I became a bit… defensive. I’ll pay you for your troubles, if you’d like.”
If Suou hadn’t been there the entire time, he might have believed Shido. He was alarmingly
good at hiding his true nature and charming the right audience.
Like father, like son.
“I understand,” Suou said. Goro would have gagged if he weren’t so busy trying to breathe.
Ken was saying something to him, but Goro ignored it. “If you could just allow me to
proceed from this path, we can pretend this never happened.”
“Of course,” Shido said. “Give me just a moment. Akechi-kun!”
“Yes sir?” Goro asked almost automatically, his voice sticky and strained.
“Why did you die?”
Goro had almost forgotten about the dying part, surrounded by so many of his friends. But
now he was all too aware of the acoustic echoes of the room, the way the ground refused to
stay steady.
“I died because you killed me.”
“Do you really think I’m a fool? Tell the truth.”

Goro raised his voice. “I died because I let myself be controlled by the likes of you. I died
because I wanted to pretend for a fraction of a second that I could be good. I died because I
thought had no reason to be alive. I died because I wanted you to feel the rage and
dissatisfaction of knowing your perfect puppet failed!”
“You died because you were a coward,” Shido snarled.
“Maybe so!” Goro shouted. His throat hurt, and his voice cracked. “But I will not let you
control me any longer, so just die already!”
The shockwave of Shido’s transformation sent everyone careening backwards. Goro jumped
to his feet and began to run toward Shido’s shadow, but Akihiko grabbed his shoulder.
“Sit this one out,” Akihiko instructed. “We’ve got you.”
“But I–”
“Listen to him,” Ken said. “Please.”
Goro grit his teeth, but Ken and Akihiko were right. He would be a liability in his current
state.
“Fine,” Goro said. “I trust you.”
Why the hell was everyone beaming?

After the last two floors, Yu’s floor was ultimately extremely anti-climactic. Which was a
massive relief, actually. Kanji would have collapsed from emotional exhaustion if another
adult started talking about how messed up Goro’s life was.
Goro hadn’t said much since the creepy sperm-donor floor. He stayed close to Amada and let
Koromaru walk alongside him. Kanji wanted to ask if he was okay, but even if the answer
wasn’t obvious, Goro obviously planned on stabbing anyone who dared bring it up.
After walking down countless hallways in Yu’s house, they gathered in Yu’s living room and
waited for him to speak.
“How?” fake Yu asked, looking directly at the real Yu. “How do you keep going when you
suffer so much?”
Ever the confident leader, Yu stood tall and stared his counterpart directly in the eye. It was
kind of inspiring. “Because the end result is always worth it.”
Fake Yu laughed. “For you, maybe,” he said.
“Last I checked, saving the world is good for everyone,” Kanji said.

“Not for Takaya or Ikutsuki,” fake Yu said, glancing at the older half of the group. “Isn’t that
right, guys?”
“Narukami-kun answered your question,” Yamagishi said. “Could we get to the fighting part
now?”
“You guys are so boring,” fake Yu sighed before becoming inverse Izanami.

Akihiko dreaded this floor.
Goro and Shinji had obviously been close. Goro was one of the few Shadow Operatives who
actually knew Shinji before he officially re-joined the team. So the fact that Shinji had a floor
to himself wasn’t surprising at all.
But Akihiko still dreaded it. He was trying to move forward. Seeing Shinji again, even if it
wasn’t him in the slightest, might take him back to square one. Having an opportunity to see
him again, only for him to say something vile, was even worse.
The maze took the form of the halls of their old dorm. Akihiko almost balked at the painfully
familiar scent of carpet cleaner. As they wandered the maze, Shinji took the extra time to say
a grand total of… nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
It was as if the place knew he should be dead.
Akihiko couldn’t decide if he was grateful or disappointed.
Shit.
The mazes were getting longer with each floor. Whereas it took five minutes to find Ikutsuki,
they had been walking for nearly fifteen minutes without any sign of reaching the center of
the room. Fuuka and Kujikawa assured the group they were getting close, but how close was
close? How much longer would Akihiko have to listen to this dead silence?
“Teddie smells something delicious,” Teddie said.
Akihiko frowned and sniffed. A faint whiff of simmering vegetables hung in the air. It
smelled almost exactly like the meals Shinji would cook nearly every evening.
They opened one of the hallway doors that led into the dormitory kitchen.
Shinjiro stood behind the counter, chopping vegetables. Akihiko couldn’t stop his chest from
squeezing.
“Be careful,” he blurted out before he could stop himself.
Shinji raised an eyebrow. “What?” he asked. “Worried I’m going to cut myself again?”

Most of the girls in the shadow operatives already had tears slipping down their cheeks.
Ken’s expression contorted. Akihiko swallowed down the lump in his throat.
Goro closed his eyes. “Just ask your question.”
“You’re not going to like it.”
“When has that ever stopped me before?” Goro’s voice trembled slightly.
Shinji put down his knife. Akihiko released a breath of relief.
“Did you read my letter?”
Akihiko opened his mouth to say “yes” before he realized that Shinji wasn’t directing the
question toward him. He was staring at Goro with his piercing glare, looking simultaneously
disapproving and disappointed.
And somehow, for such a seemingly innocent question, it was the cruelest thing Shinji could
have asked Goro. Goro’s expression crumbled for a fraction of a second before returning to
painted-on stoicism.
What the hell had Shinji written to Goro?
“No,” Goro said in a hushed tone. “And I know Nyarlathotep is pulling your strings, so don’t
you dare ask me why.”
Oh.
Shit.
“He destroyed your letter?” Akihiko asked.
“We are not talking about this,” Goro said. “You’re not Shinjiro; Shinjiro is dead.”
Shinji glanced at Akihiko. “You’re right,” he said. “I am.”
Without another word, Shinji transformed into his inverse persona, disappearing entirely.

Needless to say, they took another break after that battle.
“Please tell me we’re almost done,” Yukari said as she scrubbed at her tear-stained face with
her palms. Amano boiled water over the campfire. She promised to make hot chocolate for
everyone.
Ken did start crying after that, much to Amano’s alarm.
“Three more floors to go,” Minato said quietly. “I think.”
“And then all that’s left is to fight Nyarlathotep,” Yu said.

“Please don’t phrase that like it’s the easy part,” Suou said, massaging the bridge of his nose.
“You don’t get to talk,” Kanji said, irritated. “You hardly have any context for all the shit
these reflections have said. You don’t know how much this sucks for us.”
Goro privately agreed, but stopped himself from telling Kanji that he was lucky he didn’t
have the faintest clue who Ikutsuki or Takaya really were.
He was too tired to say much of anything anyway.
“Just because I haven’t experienced what you’ve experienced doesn’t mean I can’t have basic
empathy,” Suou said. “It turns out that this entire time, there were kids in need who needed
support, and I wasn’t there to give it. That hurts.”
“None of us were there,” Amano said quietly. “I’m sorry. If we had known, we would have
done something.”
“I should’ve known,” Nanjo said bitterly. “Especially with the Nanjo Group’s connections
with the Kirijo Group.”
“It is over now,” Aigis said. “We appreciate your current assistance.”
They fell into silence. Those who were still crying sniffed and hiccupped quietly as the fire
crackled between them. Goro poked the fire with a stick and watched it pop violently in
response.
“Nanako’s next,” he said, nearly inaudibly.
“What?” Ken asked.
Goro raised his voice. “Nanako’s next.”
The entire Investigation Team’s faces fell. Even Yu looked sick.
“You can try to sit this one out, Senpai, but there’s no guarantee Nanako-chan isn’t going to
try to ask you a question,” Rise said.
Yu stared at the ground between his feet. “I’ll go,” he said, even though it was obvious going
was the last thing he wanted to do.
“Nobody’s forcing you,” Yosuke said.
“I know,” Yu said. “But you’re right. If Nanako’s going to ask anyone something, it’s going
to be me.” He smiled weakly. “Besides… I won’t be seeing Nanako anyway. That will
probably make it better.”
Amano was pouring the cups of hot chocolate. Hit with a sudden burst of frustration, Goro
stood up.
“What’s wrong?” Mitsuru asked.

“I’m going to the Velvet Room,” Goro said, marching toward the Velvet Room door right
outside the shack. “I’ll be back.”
“Oh, okay,” Ken said as Amano handed him a mug. “We’ll save some for you, okay?”
“Sure.”

Chapter End Notes

My summer job has concluded which means we will resume having updates at 10:30-ish
EST. I prefer it over posting the minute I wake up.
As always, if you want to and haven't already, please participate in the poll! It's linked
two chapters ago; I'm sure you've seen it if you've been binge reading. Probably.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments! <3
This is the final message to the lovely binge readers. Congratulations on making it this
far! Treat yourself to a brief pause to take a deep breath and revel in how much you
enjoy/don't enjoy this fic.

Chapter 96: March 25, 2012
Chapter Summary

Tsuyoshi out here doing his favorite things: gaslight, gatekeep, and girlboss

Chapter Notes

tw: ptsd, hospitals, references to death, implied/referenced child neglect, gaslighting,
emotional manipulation

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The piano in the Velvet Room did, oddly enough, serve to calm Goro slightly. It did nothing
to stop Goro from sitting in his cushioned seat as passive aggressively as possible.
“Something troubles you,” Igor said. It was refreshing for him to skip niceties for once.
Goro glanced out the window and glowered at the ocean. Why did his Velvet Room have to
be a fucking boat of all places?
“You could say that,” Goro said.
“My prison held together by the power of bonds has been twisted against its original
purpose,” Igor said. “It seems our enemy’s power is greater than anything else you have
faced.”
Goro rolled his eyes. “Big surprise there. Why’d you wait so long to give me the key? I
could’ve trapped Nyarlathotep months ago.”
“The strength of the prison is only as strong as the bonds you held,” Igor said. “Your bonds
were not at their full strength when I first created it.”
Goro scoffed, even though the explanation actually made sense. “Right.”
“What is it?” Theodore asked. He was frowning. “I understand that this challenge you face is
a difficult one–”
“I don’t give a fuck about the challenge,” Goro snapped. “These reflections are barely
obstacles. I don’t give a damn.”
“And yet you are imbalanced,” Igor said.

“Of course I am,” Goro said. “Every single one of these reflections go out of their way to
make me seem like some sort of victim. That I’m the one who needs protecting.”
“Perhaps your friends protect you because you have forged a bond of loyalty with them,”
Igor said.
Goro bristled. “It has nothing to do with bonds!” he snapped. “I just thought I was past being
this pathetic.”
“Goro-kun,” Theodore said sadly. “You have been hurt by people.”
“Only because I hurt people back!” Goro jumped to his feet. His chair toppled over behind
him. “How is this so hard for everyone to understand?! Takaya took an interest in me because
I was already a killer! Shido took an interest in me because of what I was willing to do for
him!”
There it was. The thoughts that clawed at Goro from the inside. The reality that Goro so
desperately tried to pretend wasn’t there when he stood up to Takaya’s reflection.
The truth.
But neither Theodore or Igor nodded along to what he was saying. They both looked… sad?
“And that’s an excuse for them to hurt you?” Theodore asked.
Goro laughed. “It’s called karma,” he said. “Do you feel bad for a villain when he’s hurt?”
“I could pose the same question to you,” Igor said. “Do you feel sorry for your enemies when
they are hurt?”
“No,” Goro said immediately. “I relish it, I want them to suffer–”
“Stop playing up your evil persona and answer the question honestly,” Theodore said, a little
sharper than usual. He picked up the chair and set it behind Goro. “How did you really feel
when you had Takaya at your mercy? Or Adachi?”
“I swear I liked it,” Goro said, but his resolve wavered.
“Were you happy?”
“No.”
“What were you then?”
“Angry.” Goro slowly sat back into his seat. “I’m always angry.”
“Human anger is a result of other human emotions,” Igor said. “So why were you angry?”
“They hurt me,” Goro said. “They hurt people I cared about. Of course I was angry.”
“Were you scared of them?’

“Takaya, maybe,” Goro admitted. “Not Adachi.”
“Have you considered,” Igor said slowly, clasping his hands together and leaning forward,
“That you might be sad the people you trusted betrayed you?”
“I never trusted Takaya,” Goro snapped.
“The others, then.”
“Even if I was, what’s your point?” Goro asked. “They got what they deserved.”
“And what did they get?”
“Death. Prison. What the hell are you trying to get me to say?”
“I see,” Igor said. “So none of them were tortured or abused for their power?”
Goro let out a shocked laugh. “I’m sorry, did you miss the part where I killed hundreds of
innocents? I have a kill count likely higher than Adachi and Takaya combined.”
“I don’t understand,” Theodore said sadly. “Why are you so insistent on making yourself the
villain in your own story?”
“Because I was the villain in my own story,” Goro said. “And at least then, I had some
semblance of control over my life.”
But that wasn’t remotely true, and they all knew it.
Theodore frowned. “You can have control without hurting people.”
“Not if I’m too busy cowering away from my abusers like a child!” Goro’s breath hitched.
“And don’t you dare tell me I am a child.”
“A great myth amongst humanity is that only the innocent can suffer unjustly,” Igor said.
“Especially children. But adults can be hurt. Evil people can suffer greatly and seek
redemption.”
Goro didn’t say anything.
“You know this,” Igor said gently. “So why are you denying it?”
“Things were so much easier when I didn’t give a damn about anybody,” Goro mumbled. A
part of him hoped Igor wouldn’t hear.
“Easier?” Igor asked. “Or less complicated?”
“Is there really a difference?” Goro sighed. “I’m sick of being afraid. And I’m tired of being
angry. But I’m not sure I know how to be anything else.”
“I’m afraid that healing only comes with time,” Igor said. “But for as long as you are a guest
of this place, you can always find solace here.”

Goro brought his hands to his face and exhaled quietly through his nose. “Okay.”
He stood up and turned toward the door. “Thank you.”
“It’s my pleasure,” Igor said.
“If you ever need anything, we’ll be there,” Theodore said.
Goro felt a ghost of a smile cross over his face. He opened the door and returned to the real
world.
“Welcome back,” Ken said. “You were gone for a while.”
“We were starting to get worried,” Yosuke said.
Real world time and Velvet Room time didn’t line up in the slightest, but Ken had already
finished his entire mug of hot chocolate. Just how long had Goro spoken to Igor and Theo?
“Well, I’m here now,” Goro said. “Shall we get going?”
“Not until you drink something,” Fuuka said. “It doesn’t have to be hot chocolate, but you
should get something in your system.”
“I hate to agree,” Junpei said reluctantly.
Goro sighed and sat back down next to Ken. “Fine.”
“I’ll get you the hot chocolate!” Teddie said eagerly, jumping to his feet. Goro took a mug
from Teddie and began to sip at it quietly.
…It was actually quite good. Even if it was made over a camp fire.
“Three more floors to go,” Yukiko whispered.
“Three more floors to go,” Rise repeated.

This place had a lot of stairs.
Akira wasn’t sure how long he had been climbing, but it had to be for at least a few hours.
And now this most recent floor was a literal maze, and Akira kept running into dead ends.
How the hell did Goro and his friends make any progress?
Speaking of Goro and his friends, where were they? Why hadn’t Akira seen them at all?
Akira sighed and sat down at a nearby bench. He needed a nap. He could continue looking
for Goro later.
“Akira-kun?” Akira jumped at the sound of his uncle’s voice. “Is that you?”

“What?” Akira whipped his head around, confused. “Where are you?”
“I’m trapped,” his uncle said. “You have to help me out.”
“What? No.” Akira shook his head. “You’re a bad guy. I think. Are you?”
“This is all one terrible misunderstanding.” There was a pleading note to Tsuyoshi’s voice.
“Goro wants you all to himself. He wanted to get rid of me.”
“No, I…” Akira’s mouth felt dry. He swallowed. “I saw you… you shot him–”
“You saw me?” His uncle sounded very surprised. “I never shot anybody.”
“No, you did!” Akira clutched his hair, trying to recall the memory.
“Are you sure you saw me exactly shooting Goro-kun?” Tsuyoshi asked. “I don’t even have a
gun.”
Admittedly, he had looked like a completely different person at the time. Goro said that his
uncle could shapeshift or whatever. Time travel was real. Shapeshifting could easily be real
too. Akira shouldn’t let himself be so easily manipulated.
But…
“Well, no… but I know it was you!” Akira said defensively.
“But Goro-kun’s still alive.”
“Well, yes.”
“How would that be possible if I shot him?”
Goro had mentioned something about invincibility. Or something. But that wasn’t the point.
“Even if you didn’t shoot him, you said you pretended to be my uncle,” Akira said.
“I am your uncle.
“No! The evil you hunting us down said that! You monologued about how evil you were, and
how you wanted to destroy the world! We were there!”
“Akira, I never said that.”
Akira covered his face with his hands. “You did, I swear you did.”
“I know this is scary,” Akira’s uncle said soothingly. “I know you’re confused right now.”
“Stop it!” Akira shouted. “I’m not making this up! How else are you in here if you weren’t
the same guy that tried to kill us?!”

“You’re not getting the big picture here,” Akira’s uncle said. “Someone tried to kill Goro,
shot him in the head, and yet Goro’s alive. He might cite some magic nonsense, but do you
want to know the truth?”
“Goro wouldn’t lie to me,” Akira said.
“How many months did he lie to you about knowing you all along?”
“That’s different, I wouldn’t have believed him–”
“Well, maybe he doesn’t want you to know this either. Just listen, okay?”
Akira didn’t want to listen, but just like the time the midnight channel revealed a girl getting
murdered, he couldn’t ignore what Tsuyoshi had to say.
“Goro-kun misses the old Akria. The one you saw on the third floor. He created this place
and staged a situation where he was being ‘attacked’ by me. The person chasing you was just
a fake. Then, afterwards, he trapped me in here so I couldn’t escape. He wants to have you all
to himself so that he can mold you to his liking. That’s how you were able to get away so
easily. That’s how he didn’t die when he was shot.”
It wasn’t true. It couldn’t be true.
“Goro wouldn’t do that,” Akira said, his voice cracking.
“Who had opened the door to this place? Because I know it wasn’t me.”
It was Goro. Goro had a key.
And it was obvious how much Goro missed the future version of Akira. He hadn’t exactly
been a good guy in his stories either.
If he was desperate, would he do what his uncle described?
It still seemed inconceivable.
“How do I get to you?” Akira asked. Maybe if he could actually speak to his uncle face to
face, he could get a better read on the situation.
“You have to wait just a little longer,” his uncle said. “A path will open up to you soon
enough.”

Three more floors to go, Yu thought to himself with each new step he climbed. Only three
more. Three more floors to go.
And, honestly, after this floor, the worst would be over. Yu had no idea how the team was
going to manifest in a single floor, and the Teddie floor (which would be Yu’s Marie floor)
couldn’t be any worse than the shadow Teddie that they faced last year.

One more truly awful floor. Two more maybe bad floors.
And then their target.
Three more floors to go.
This maze came in the appearance of Yasogami High’s hallways. That in itself was no
surprise. Since this was Yumi, Yu was sure they would end up in the drama club’s practice
room when it came to face the actual reflection.
The surprise came with the shrill cry that echoed down the hall.
“Big Bro!” Yumi’s voice cried, but the words so clearly belonged to Nanako. “Why couldn’t
you save me?!”
Yu didn’t hesitate. He began sprinting down the hall without any directions.

Yukari couldn’t believe the floor belonging to the seven-year-old was the floor that was filled
with sterile hospital halls. It lacked all of the personality that should be belonging to a child,
and it made Yukari’s chest hurt.
They didn’t have much time to dwell on it, though, because at the first heart-wrenching cries,
Narukami was already peeling in the direction of Nanako’s voice.
“Yu-kun, wait!” Kujikawa cried.
“Well, he is going in the right direction,” Fuuka said reluctantly as half the group began to
chase after him. For a hospital, which was usually quiet, their echoing footsteps were a
cacophony of sound. Still, the remaining half of the group hastened to follow.
“Big bro!” Nanako continued to cry. She sounded so much sadder, so much more scared than
the girl Yukari visited that one time. “Where are you? Why didn’t you save me?!”
“I’m coming, Nanako!” Narukami cried. “Please, I’m coming!”
Yukari’s entire job was to bring joy to children, to visit hospitals in costume and smile
secretively at little kids who recognized her at shopping malls. She couldn’t bear to hear a
child in need, even if she wasn’t really real. She wanted these cries to end.
Nanako continued to repeat her cries of help, and Yukari ran so quickly that she nearly
tripped over Mitsuru as she passed.
She would apologize later.
Fuuka shouted maze directions, which Narukami blessedly followed. He was running faster
than the entire rest of the group, most likely fueled by adrenaline. Yukari wasn’t sure if she
was meant to feel sad or impressed.

“Big bro!” Nanako’s voice was practically screaming now. Everybody’s expressions were
pulled taut. “Save me!”
Fuck. Why couldn’t they just reach the end of this maze? Why couldn’t they make her stop
crying?
“Save me–”
They finally burst into the hospital room. Nanako laid in the hospital bed, pale and exhausted.
She struggled for each and every breath.
She was not the girl Yukari visited. But judging from everyone else’s faces, she had reached
this condition before.
“I’m here,” Narukami said. Yukari couldn’t even imagine what he was really seeing, but it
didn’t seem to make any difference. He grabbed Nanako’s hand gently, his shoulders shaking.
“I’m here.”
“Big… bro…” Nanako said. Her voice was hoarse. “Why couldn’t… you save me?”
“He did save you,” Hanamura said, putting a hand on Narukami’s shoulder. “Remember?”
Nanako frowned, looking confused. “But I… I still…”
“Died,” Goro whispered quietly enough that Yukari almost didn’t hear it. A wave of dizziness
crashed over her.
“Nanako’s dead?” she asked.
“No, she’s not,” Kujikawa said fiercely. “She was resuscitated; she’s fine.”
“Why couldn’t you save me?” Nanako asked Narukami again.
A tear slipped down Narukami’s face. “I’m sorry,” he said. “I tried. I swear I tried.”
“But you didn’t.”
“I failed you.” Narukami shoulders shook more violently. “I failed you.”
“You didn’t fail her,” Shirogane said. “If it weren’t for your actions, she might not have
survived at all.”
“I was the one who failed,” Satonaka said. “I was watching her, and I still let her get taken.”
“It wasn’t your fault,” Amagi said.
“Nobody failed anyone,” Mitsuru said. “Nanako’s alive. That’s all that matters.”
None of them looked like they agreed.

“So, which is next?” Yu asked after the hellish battle. “Aeon or Judgement?”
“I don’t care either way,” Goro said. “Either it’s Aeon and Teddie crashes a bike into us, or its
Judgement and Elizabeth burns something. I don’t think anything dramatic will happen either
way.”
“Hey!” Teddie said. It was silly to be offended over what was probably a compliment, but
Teddie had a reputation to maintain. “I can be very frightening!”
“You keep telling yourself that,” Yosuke said.
Teddie huffed. Yosuke could be so rude sometimes. “My shadow was frightening,” he said
sullenly.
With the exception of Naoto, Teddie’s entire team shuddered, and that included Goro-kun.
Teddie puffed his chest out. It wasn’t really anything to be proud of, but his shadow was so
terrifying that it gave him nightmares.
Maybe that really wasn’t a good thing at all.
“But you’re nothing like your shadow,” Rise said.
“Of course I’m not!” Teddie said indignantly. He really wasn’t sure what point he was trying
to get across to everyone, but he refused to back down. “But my reflection-thingy could be
scary too!”
“Alright,” Kanji said. “Maybe it will.”
He didn’t sound like he believed Teddie, but Teddie chose to take it as a win. He was even
willing to forgive Kanji for throwing away his kazoo yesterday.
The next floor was definitely Teddie’s floor. It looked like the streets of Inaba, and Teddie’s
imposter hummed around them. Imposter… Teddie… Imposteddie… Impos-Teddie! That
was pretty good!
Teddie opened his mouth to share his amazing pun with everyone, but the other Teddie
interrupted him.
“Hello!” Impos-Teddie said cheerfully. “Have you come to play with me?”
“We have to find you first,” Goro said.
“Oh, maybe I can play something for you!” Impos-Teddie said. “You can follow the sound of
my kazoo!”
The entire group that was with Teddie on the bus groaned. How rude.
The shrill noise that filled the halls immediately after made Teddie’s ears bleed.
Metaphorically. The song this faker was playing had not an ounce rhyme or reason, and it
showed. Was he playing the kazoo just to make noise?

Teddie slapped his hands over his fragile ears, and everyone else did the same.
“How much longer are we going to have to listen to this?!” Ryoji asked Rise.
Rise grimaced as they continued wandering the not-so-lovely maze. “I don’t know! He’s
farther away than the others!”
Oh dear.
Teddie tried to hum to himself as they continued searching for the impos-Teddie, but it did
little to block out the sheer amount of noise the kazoo was making. Was this what Teddie
sounded like in the bus? If so, Teddie now understood why Kanji was driven to such extreme
measures. Teddie wasn’t sure if he even wanted to replace his kazoo after this cacophony.
They finally found Teddie’s house. The Impos-Teddie was sitting on top of Teddie’s bike,
playing the kazoo without a care in the world.
“I’ll be taking that!” Kanji, Teddie’s new hero, snatched the kazoo from Impos-Teddie’s
hands and threw it to the ground. He stomped on it, and the kazoo broke with a loud crunch.
Teddie lowered his hands from his ears and sighed in relief. A high-pitched sound still rang in
his ears, but at least the actual source of his grief was gone. Finally.
“Hey!” Impos-Teddie said. “I was playing that!”
“And now you’re asking us a question,” Yu said. “Shoot.”
“Oh, a question?” impos-Teddie said. “Am I meant to be asking you one of those?”
“Stop pulling on our leg,” Youske said. “You know that you have to ask us a question to let
us through.”
“Well, yeah,” Impos-Teddie said. “But I got so distracted playing the kazoo that I forgot.”
“You… forgot,” Detective Suou said slowly.
“Yep!” Impos-Teddie laughed, even though it wasn’t funny at all! “I’m such an airhead
sometimes. I used to be hollow on the inside, you know.”
“I’m not an airhead!” Teddie said defensively. “I’m a very smart bear!”
“Prove it!” impos-Teddie said with equal fervor. “What’s two times two?”
Teddie puffed his chest up proudly. That was an easy one. “Four!”
“What’s the derivative of x squared?”
A derivative? What the heck was a derivative? And what was x squared?
Oh… Teddie knew what was going on. It was a trick to make Teddie feel bad about how little
he knew about the world. Well, it wasn’t going to work.

“Everybody knows that letters aren’t in math,” Teddie said boldly. He smiled at the others,
who grimaced.
“Well, actually…” Yosuke began. Teddie wilted, but Yosuke shook his head. “You know
what? Never mind. Please, fake Teddie, just ask us something. It can be anything.”
Maybe Teddie wasn’t so smart after all.
“Oh! Maybe I can do a riddle,” Impos-Teddie said. “Those are kind of like puns, right?”
“Sure,” Ryoji said.
“Okay, okay,” Impos-Teddie said. He jumped off his bike and beamed at the entire group. “I
have a beary good one, so get ready!”
“We’re ready,” Chie said.
“But if it’s anything perverted, I’m ending you,” Yukiko said coldly. Teddie shuddered.
“Okay.” Impos-Teddie cleared his throat. “I may only be given, not taken or bought. What the
sinner desires, but the saint does not. What am I?”
“Forgiveness,” Naoto said quietly.
“Wrong!” Impos-Teddie said cheerfully.
“What do you mean, wrong?” Goro demanded, obviously irritated. Teddie couldn’t think of
anything else that matched that exact description. “What do you want the answer to be?
Death?”
“Wrong again!” Impos-Teddie smiled so wide that Teddie half-expected his face to crack into
little pieces. “Here’s a secret! Everything can be taken or bought! Everything! Your death
was taken from you, wasn’t it?”
Teddie was feeling somewhat confused, but it’s true that Goro was taken from his death. That
was sort of the same thing as death being taken away. Goro seemed to agree, at last, judging
from his wounded expression.
“You can’t take someone’s forgiveness,” Mitsuru said. “That’s not how it works.”
“Are you sure?” Impos-Teddie asked. “I think you’d be surprised.”

“Akira-kun…” Akira’s uncle said as Akira waited for the greenlight to find Tsuyoshi.
Apparently, Goro and his friends hadn’t quite opened the pathway yet. “I’m sorry.”
Akira crossed his arms and huffed. “Why would Goro be trying to get to you if he’s the one
who trapped you here?”

“He wants to destroy me,” his uncle said. “He noticed that you were still thinking about me,
and he doesn’t want you to be distracted.”
That seemed a little far-fetched… “I don’t think Goro would murder anyone. Even you.”
“He has before.”
“How do you know that?”
“Because he told me,” his uncle said. “Villains have a tendency to monologue, you know.
Remember that one movie we watched together?”
Akira almost snorted. It was true that the particular villain his uncle had in mind rambled
about his plans for at least twenty minutes of the run time. Akira and Tusyoshi had nearly
fallen off the couch laughing.
Unfortunately, the memory of being chased by some malicious being while also listening to
an evil monologue took away some of the charm of that memory.
“I don’t know what you heard that illusion say…” Akira’s uncle said. “But I just want you to
know… I’m sorry.”
“You didn’t do it,” Akira said. If you’re telling the truth.
“I know, but I’m sorry for more than just that,” Akira’s uncle continued. “I’m sorry for letting
Goro capture me and leaving you all alone. I imagine social services are looking into your
parents now that Goro was… shot.”
Unbidden, tears rose to Akira’s eyes. Akira sniffed and blinked furiously. “It’s not your
fault,” he said. “My parents were the ones who… who…” were never around.
“But as your uncle, it’s my job to protect you from that,” Akira’s uncle said. “I wouldn’t even
be putting you in danger by asking you to help me if I didn’t think it was the only way I could
help you. If I’m stuck here forever, then I can’t take guardianship of you, and then…”
I’ll probably be tossed around the system, or worse…
Akira suddenly felt sick to his stomach.
“It’s not your fault,” Akira whispered again.
“I’m still sorry.”
Akira swallowed. “I don’t want to be alone.” Even if Goro was there. Especially if Goro was
there.
No… wait. Nyarlathotep was the bad guy. But was Nyarlathotep even his uncle? Was
Nyarlathotep even real? Goro’s story had been farfetched. But his uncle’s side of things also
had inconsistencies.

Akira put his head in his hands and took deep breaths. His uncle had always been kind and
loving to him, but Goro was his only friend.
No matter who he chose, he would have to betray someone. He would have to lose someone.
So who did he trust?

The next floor was the Velvet Room.
It wasn’t the same Velvet Room that Goro was used to. The walls were covered in blue
curtains, and a piano sat next to a blue sofa. The table that Igor likely used for fusions sat in
front of it. Oddly enough, there was a microphone stand as well.
It also was markedly not a maze. A real Velvet Room door sat to the side, but no reflections
came to demand answers of them. The stairs were already available.
“This floor is unlike the others,” Nanjo observed.
“It’s the Velvet Room,” Amano said. She frowned. “Just… without any of the inhabitants.”
“I had almost forgotten what the place looked like,” Suou said.
Minato sat down at the piano and began to haltingly play the Velvet Room melody.
“Since when did you know how to play piano?” Ken asked. “I thought you played the
violin?”
Minato shrugged. “I just started learning.”
“I’ve been teaching him,” Ryoji said, raising his hand.
“This is too peaceful,” Yukari said “It makes my skin crawl.”
“That’s the opposite of what it’s supposed to do,” Yu said.
“Yes, I believe Minato-kun’s melody is meant to make you feel at peace, or whatever
Belladonna says,” the familiar voice of Elizabeth said. The entire group spun around toward
the Velvet Room door. Elizabeth, Margaret, Theodore, and Lavenza stood next to it. “Hello,
Minato-kun.”
“What are you doing here?” Minato asked, immediately placing his hands in his lap.
“A warning, if you will,” Margaret said.
“Your deep bond with the inhabitants of this place has made it impossible for Nyarlathotep to
corrupt it,” Lavenza said. “The power of the Velvet Room seeped into this very room.”
“That’s possible?” Yu said.

“Nyarlathotep has always hated everything our master’s master stands for,” Theodore said.
“A place deeply touched by the Velvet Room is near untouchable for him.”
“But I thought Igor and presumably Philemon created this entire dungeon,” Amano said.
“That’s why it has successfully kept Nyarlathotep trapped and weakened his power,”
Margaret said.
“Unfortunately, the longer he’s here, and the more the rest of you mope about your pasts, the
more powerful he becomes,” Elizabeth said. She gestured toward the stairs. “I hope you are
prepared for the storm you’re about to face.”
“Are we ever?” Suou asked.
“Consider this your final resting place before the battle to come,” Theodore said. He pointed
to an elevator door next to the stairs. “Consider resting before you depart.”
“Oh, I like the sound of that, actually,” Junpei said.
“Is that it?” Goro asked. “A send-off?”
“You know we’re not allowed to interfere more than we already have,” Margaret said.
“Besides,” Elizabeth said. “You have everything you need. You just don’t realize it yet.”
“No need to be cryptic,” Ken said sarcastically.
“I’m sure you’ll figure it out,” Theodore said.

They exited the dungeon to find the sun already beginning to set. Goro wasn’t surprised. If
anything, he was surprised it wasn’t the middle of the night.
“So…” Chie said, rubbing her hands together nervously. “I guess I should get started on
dinner?”
It was a testament to how tired everyone was that nobody immediately started exclaiming in
horror. Instead, Yukiko quietly grabbed Chie’s hand and walked to their tent.
“I’m too tired to cook and so are you,” she said. “Wake us up when it’s time to eat.”
While sleep was probably the best decision, Goro was confident sleep would only result in
unsettling nightmares. Instead, Goro helped Akihiko rummage through their bin of food to
make some sort of dinner. Yosuke and Yu were already half-way through rebuilding the fire.
The smell of wood burning, as harmless as it was, caused a shudder to wrack through Goro’s
body.
Akihiko was similarly on edge, and he glanced over his shoulder, as if to confirm the fire
wasn’t killing anyone.

They eventually decided on making curry. Goro watched the pot of rice carefully, not stirring
it. Akihiko, Yu, and Amano debated on the best ingredients to put in the actual curry mixture.
Goro let the harmless argument wash over him as he watched bubbles rise to the surface of
the rice water and pop just as quickly.
How the hell were they meant to win this? They had faced terrible odds in the past, sure, but
they had never faced the pure embodiment of humanity’s evil. At least their past best enemies
had thought they were serving humanity. Nyarlathotep had no such notion.
Goro glanced up at Suou, who silently sat at the campfire. Amano was now passionately
waxing about the importance of cocoa powder in curry, and Nanjo was napping, so Goro
chose the next best option.
“Suou-san,” Goro said. “You’ve fought Nyarlathotep before. Do you have any insights for
how we can beat him?”
Suou wore a far-away look as he stared into the flames. “It was difficult,” he said. “He used a
lot of attacks that hit all of us at once. I remember nearly dying multiple times.”
“Well, that’s nothing new,” Junpei said.
Amano noticed their new conversation topic and shook her head. “It was different. He hit
hard, and he hit fast. I’d be at my full capacity and he would knock me unconscious
somehow.”
“It should help that there are more of us,” Suou said. “If we were able to defeat him with just
five, I imagine we’ll have some sort of advantage with our numbers.”
“But he’s feeding off of our negative feelings,” Goro said. “The more of us there are, the
more power he gets. And unless I am very much mistaken, I do not have faith in my ability to
enter that fight with a cheerful attitude.”
“There’s no point in worrying about it now,” Mitsuru said, sitting next to Goro with an
exhausted expression. “Whatever comes, comes. We’ll face it like we always have.”
Goro nodded and returned his attention to the rice. Mitsuru was right. They would face
Nyarlathotep like they had faced any other impossible foe.
And if this was finally the time that they lost, maybe Nyarlathotep would have the decency of
letting him stay dead.

Akira wasn’t particularly fond of the floor that trapped his uncle. They stood in a white void
speckled with gold, purple, and black stars. Akira felt like he was suspended in an inverted
version of space. The ground he was standing on was solid enough, but every step he took
caused a ripple effect.
It was nothing like the peaceful space the floor below it had been. The blue room with the
piano. A strange blue butterfly had flown past Akira in that room. It had practically been

glowing.
His uncle stood in the center of the room. His hands were in his pockets, and his shoulders
were slumped. His uncle smiled in relief as Akira stepped forward. His footsteps echoing
strangely in the expanded space.
“Akira-kun, there you are,” he said. “I’ve been waiting for you.”
Akira swallowed and stopped walking. His heart beat so loudly he was sure his uncle could
hear it too.
“You don’t look very trapped,” Akira said. “Why don’t you leave while Goro and the others
are distracted?”
The expression on Tsuyoshi’s face was so pitying. It made Akira’s stomach turn over.
“They’re waiting just outside,” he said. “If I tried to run, they would subdue me in a
heartbeat.”
His uncle didn’t look evil. He looked as he always had been. Kind. Welcoming. Maybe a little
condescending, but he only meant well.
“What do you want me to do?” Akira asked.
“You’re going to have to fight them,” his uncle said. He pulled a dagger seemingly out of
nowhere and held the handle out to Akira. Akira barely believed what he was looking at.
“Goro won’t hurt you. He needs you.”
The truth remained that the image his uncle was painting of Goro was nothing like the Goro
Akira knew. Akira’s Goro took care of Monster Cat in Akira’s stead.
Akira’s uncle had been there when his parents kicked him out of the house.
Goro had spent time with him when he didn’t have to.
So did his uncle.
Goro thought his uncle was dangerous.
His uncle thought Goro was dangerous.
Joker was an icon, a trickster. Joker was fearless in the face of impossible odds, able to
withstand the worst danger, able to save himself and his friends again and again. Joker kept a
smile on his face and always had the right quip at the right time.
Who could blame Goro for wanting him back? Who could blame Goro for resenting Akira
for not being him?
Akira resented himself for not being him.

Unbidden, the words Goro told him earlier that week came to the center of Akira’s mind. “I
have years of experience. And a persona. You have neither of those.”
Maybe Akira didn’t have any experience. And maybe he didn’t have a persona. But he could
show Goro what he was made of.
Akira made his decision.
He grabbed the hilt of the knife.

Chapter End Notes

Poor Akira is trying his best.
Next chapter is the last chapter in this part, which means as of next week I will be
implementing the one chapter a week schedule. This is because the p5 chapters are
longer than normal chapters which means I want readers to have a chance to keep up
without feeling overwhelmed by two long chapters a week. So starting next week I will
be updating on Wednesdays instead of Tuesday-Thursday.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 97: March 25–May 30, 2012
Chapter Summary

Final battle time guys

Chapter Notes

tw: violence, injury, ptsd, references to death

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Nobody gave each other any dramatic goodbyes. They had all faced calamity before; they
had all said their goodbyes before. In a world so filled with death, everyone had started living
their daily life like a goodbye, just in case it really was.
In the relative safety of the fake Velvet Room, Goro closed his eyes and took a deep breath.
No matter what happened today, it would be over. Either Goro would be dead and reunited
with Shinjiro and his mother (assuming that was what happened after death), or Goro will
have rid the world of one less evil.
Of course, that still left Shido, Yaldabaoth, and the rest, but Goro chose to relish one victory
at a time. He couldn’t let Shido’s mere existence taint Goro’s everyday life.
Although, that was easier said than done.
“Ready?” Goro asked, directing most of his attention at Yu and Minato.
The three of them had just spent a solid half hour in the Velvet Room, determining which
personas would be best to bring and if they could strengthen them any more than they already
had. Elizabeth, Margaret, and Theodore were more than happy to give their advice based on
their guests' fighting styles. Lavenza contented herself with watching.
Yu and Minato nodded with steely expressions. They would be leading their respective teams
simultaneously. Goro, Nanjo, Amano, and Suou were their own smaller team. Goro would
serve to distract Nyarlathotep. Nanjo, Suou, and Amano would take some of the heat off of
Goro and be a distraction themselves, seeing as they had a past history with him. The other
two teams would stay on the offensive.
It wasn’t the best plan, but it was the best one they had at the moment. Suou, Nanjo, and
Amano weren’t used to being ordered around, nor were Yu and Minato familiar with their

skillsets. While Goro was confident in his ability to take orders, the fact remained that,
theoretically, Nyarlathotep’s attention would be mostly on him. Nyarlathotep was likely to
target the team Goro was nearest to. In a smaller team, Goro could operate on instinct and
still manage to keep the heat off most of their numbers.
Mitsuru still hadn’t liked it when Goro presented it in that light. She forced Goro to wear
their best defensive gear and gave him half their stock of physical and magical ointment.
Goro didn’t complain. He had a feeling he would need it.
“Alright.” Goro exhaled quietly. “Let’s get this over with.”
They began climbing the stairs.

Nyarlathotep in the body of Kurusu Tsuyoshi stood in the center of the void, smiling as the
group approached. He didn’t look remotely worried about their presence.
“Have you come to put an end to my existence, Goro-kun?” Nyarlathotep asked with a
mockingly sad edge to his voice. “After everything we’ve been through together?”
“Especially after everything we’ve been through together,” Goro snarled.
Nyarlathotep’s face fell. “But I’ve only been kind to you, haven’t I?”
“If you call threatening me at every turn kindness.” Goro drew his sword and grit his teeth. “I
have nothing left to say to you.”
“Well, since you were kind enough to open a path for me, all that’s left is to stop you before I
can leave this place,” Nyarlathotep said, still beaming. “Now, I’m not a fighter myself,
but…”
He stepped aside to reveal Akira, holding a dagger.
“My nephew would be more than happy to show you the door.”

Goro’s expression was so shocked, so betrayed. Akira could barely look him in the eyes.
I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, rang through his mind like a mantra.
“Akira-kun,” Narukami said. His voice was quiet in its horror. “Get away from him.”
Akira squeezed his eyes shut before opening them again. He adjusted his grip on the dagger.
He had never used a dagger before. Would it be hard to plunge it into flesh?
A wave of terrified anticipation made Akira shiver. The dagger almost slipped from his
sweaty palms, and he tightened his hold, digging his fingernails into the leather hilt.

“Akira–” Goro’s expression was angry again. Goro was often angry. Didn’t it get tiring, to be
angry all the time? “--what the hell are you doing here?”
His uncle was talking again. Akira could barely hear him over the ringing of his ears. “You
could attack me, but Akira will defend me. And I know you won’t hurt your precious Akirakun. Or should I call him Joker?”
Three adults standing nearest to Goro flinched. The woman’s face was so pale that Akira was
slightly worried she was going to pass out.
“You would do this again?” she whispered, her voice shaking. “I can’t believe… except I can
believe it, you sick son of a bitch—”
“I didn’t mean to offend,” his uncle said. “I was just referring to Akira’s past code name, or is
future a better term? Sorry if it’s an awkward coincidence—”
“Just shut up,” the man in the tie said furiously.
Goro’s expression had also gone from angry to furious, but it wasn’t directed at Akira. Goro
wasn’t even looking at Akira. He was looking at his uncle, who was standing inches away
from Akira.
Akira tried to pretend he wasn’t scared. Joker wouldn’t be scared.
“Are we even sure this is the real Kurusu-kun?” Amagi asked tentatively, her eyes darting to
Goro. “Couldn’t he be another reflection?”
“We already saw Kurusu-kun on a different floor,” Shirogane said. “It’s him.”
Goro stared at Akira, his eyes imploring. “Whatever he said to you, I swear to you, it’s not
true.”
Akira opened his mouth to respond when his uncle rested a hand on Akira’s shoulder. Akira
jerked away in surprise, but his uncle’s grip held firm.
Why was Akira wasting time? He had so many opportunities to do something since Goro had
entered this void. So many chances to attack. To catch him off guard. Why had he waited till
now when he would surely see the knife coming?
His uncle was still talking.
“Here’s what’s going to happen,” he said. “Akira and I are going to leave. But I’m going to
need that pretty little key of yours to do it.”
“How do you know it’ll even work with you, dumbass?” Tatsumi asked.
“While this is a cleverly crafted prison, it’s far from impenetrable,” his uncle said. “The key
will work with me the same way it’s worked with Goro-kun.”

“Uh huh, you mean you’re going to corrupt it with your corrupty… power,” said a person
with a baseball cap Akira didn’t recognize.
“What power?” his uncle asked innocently.
Akira could barely breathe. He took a deep breath and tried his hardest to stop his hand from
shaking.
“If you think we’re going to let you walk out of here in one piece, you’re sorely mistaken.”
Goro’s eyes burned as he pointed his sword at his uncle.
He was going to die if Akira didn’t do something right now.
Akira reversed his grip on the dagger as his uncle spoke.
“I don’t want to fight you–”
And he drove the blade into his uncle’s stomach.

The dagger didn’t hurt, but it was a surprise.
Akira, the smartass, knew to yank it out. Blood a gold hue splattered from Nyarlathotep’s
body.
Nyarlathotep had designed the dagger with Goro in mind. It was made sharp enough to put
Goro out of commission, at least temporarily.
Which was why Nyarlathotep felt himself slightly weakened from the sudden attack.
Akira spun around. His eyes ruthlessly found the target of Nyarlathotep’s throat, and he
raised his dagger to meet it.
A shame that Akira was not only inexperienced, but sloppy. He telegraphed his movements
so clearly that Nyarlathotep easily grabbed the worm’s wrist before the blade even got close
to its mark.
Goro’s scream of fear was masked well enough as an angry roar- oh how that fear and anger
invigorated him– as Nyarlathotep twisted the dagger from Akira’s hand and held it in his
own. He yanked Akira against his body and pressed the blade against Akira’s throat.
Akira’s fear tripled.
And to think that the nervous anticipation had been directed at Nyarlathotep all along. How
had Nyarlathotep not seen right through the brat’s schemes? Had this place really dulled his
senses that much?
Fine. The twerp was too smart to be manipulated so easily. Nyarlathotep could work with
this.

He dug the blade a little deeper into Akira’s skin. Akira’s high-pitched whimper sent a thrill
through Nyarlathotep’s flesh.

No, no, no, no, no. This could not be happening. This could not be happening.
It had been bad enough when Goro thought Nyarlathotep had managed to manipulate Akira
into fighting Goro. When Goro thought that Akira was willing to through away everything
they’d been through together. When Goro thought he and Akira had suddenly and invertedly
switched roles.
But now, with Nyarlathotep’s knife digging into Akira’s throat, Goro was faced with a
suddenly much worse possibility. If Akira had fought the group, they might have found a way
to disarm him without killing him. But now, Akira’s life was in Nyarlathotep’s hands. Akira
could die at any moment, and there would be nothing Goro could do to stop it.
Akira’s eyes were blown wide as he glanced between the knife and Goro. He grabbed
Nyarlathotep’s arm and attempted to free himself, but, of course, Nyarlathotep didn’t budge.
“You're sick,” Nanjo hissed as everyone else began to demand Nyarlathotep let Akira go.
“Looks like things didn’t quite go according to plan,” Nyarlathotep said conversationally,
propping his chin on top of Akira’s head. “But I suppose I can just go ahead and kill this
pawn, it’s not like he’s worth anything anymore anyway—”
“Stop it!” Goro shouted, his voice raw in his panic. “Please, I’ll do anything, just don’t—
don’t kill him.”
“Don’t—” Akira began, but he let out a sharp cry of pain when Nyarlathotep moved the knife
a millimeter to the left.
The room became deathly silent.
“That’s more like it,” Nyarlathotep said, his eyes flashing even as he grinned. “Now. Let’s
talk terms.”

Akira shouldn’t have done any of this.
He shouldn’t have tried to chase down Goro. He shouldn’t have wanted to see the truth for
himself. He shouldn’t have lied to the embodiment of evil.
He shouldn’t have stabbed his uncle.
Tsuyoshi… Nyarlathotep… his uncle… did it matter who he really was? He was the same
person who comforted Akira all those times. Who took care of him. Even if Nyarlathotep
wasn’t really his uncle, he had been there for Akira more than his real uncle ever had been.

His neck hurt so much. His vision blurred as tears ran down his cheeks. He wanted to pass
out.
Goro could have defeated his uncle by now if Akira wasn’t being used as a human shield.
Why had Akira tried to go in for a second blow? Why didn’t he just run?
“Here’s what’s going to happen,” his uncle said. “You’re going to give me the key, or Akirakun is going to die. I’ll kill him so thoroughly that not one of your little spells can do
anything about it.”
“You’re a monster,” the weird but cool robot lady said.
“Fuck you,” Goro said, his voice shaking.
“Yes, we’ve established all this before,” his uncle said. “Now, the key.”
Everyone wore defeated expressions. Goro slowly lowered his sword.
No.
Akira couldn’t… he wouldn’t be another pawn in his uncle’s game.
But what could he do?
“What’s the matter?” asked a voice that echoed in Akira’s ears. “Are you simply going to
watch?”

Goro found the key in his pocket just as a determined expression crossed over Akira’s face.
An oddly familiar expression…
“ARSENE!” he shouted, his voice much too young to be the person Goro wanted him to be.
“COME TO ME!”
Arsene appeared behind Akira, creating a small shockwave. Goro stumbled backwards, and
even Nyarlathotep’s eyes widened. His grip on the dagger slackened, and Akira shoved his
arm away as Arsene cast a curse skill on Nyarlathotep. Nyarlathotep dropped the knife as he
raised his arms to defend himself.
Akira collapsed to the floor, coughing.
Goro was halfway across the room before he realized what he was doing.
Someone, maybe even everyone had cast a heal spell by the time Goro got to him. Akira
snatched the dagger and scrambled away from Nyarlathotep before he could grab him again.
Goro grabbed Akira’s wrist and yanked him further away.
“Stay back!” Goro shouted, staggering at the mixture of fear and relief and frustration that
coursed through him.

For once in his life, Akira listened. He turned around and sprinted toward the stairs.
“Oh no you don’t,” Nyarlathotep said. He snapped his fingers, and hordes of shadows sprung
up in front of the exit. Akira skidded to a halt.
“Yu!” Goro snapped. “Focus on the shadows!”
Yu nodded. He and the investigation team sprinted toward the shadows, which already
seemed to have doubled in number. Yu barked out frantic orders as the rest of the group
turned toward Nyarlathotep.
“Let me guess,” Nyarlathotep said. His voice began to reverberate around the room. “The rest
of you are going to deal with me?”
“We’ve done it before,” Amano said, shifting into a battle stance. She raised her gun and
fired at Nyarlathotep’s head multiple times without hesitation.
Nyarlathotep only laughed as he grew larger and larger in size now. Goro took another step
back as the gold and dark blue tentacles sprouted from Nyarlathotep and filled the room.
Nyarlathotep’s body became less defined, morphing into the same golden color as the
tentacles, and the same white mask from before formed over his face. Hundreds of green eyes
coated Nyarlathotep’s body, and all of them stared at Goro or Akira.
“Things were different before,” Nyarlathotep said. His tentacles filled the room like the
boundaries of a battle arena. “You children have pain dripping off of you.”
Nyarlathotep raised his hand. Suou’s eyes widened.
“Everybody guard!” he shouted.
An almighty blast of magic rippled through the entire room like a shockwave. Goro gasped as
it sliced through him; for a few moments, he was unable to breathe. It was as though
Nyarlathotep had sliced him in half. Nearly the entire party collapsed to their knees.
“Mediarhan!” Ken shouted.
Hot relief filled Goro’s body, and Goro jumped to his feet. Aigis summoned Athena and cast
marakukaja on the group.
Nyarlathotep’s laughter bounced off the void’s invisible walls. “And everyone knows just
how much pain fuels me.”
Aigis, Koromaru, and Akihiko stood in front of Akira protectively. As per the original plan,
the rest of Minato’s team fanned out around Nyarlathotep as best they could. Nyarlathotep’s
tentacles made it near impossible to get behind him, but Goro doubted it would’ve made
much difference anyway. Nyarlathotep quite literally had eyes everywhere.
Goro summoned Hereward, who brought his sword across the monster’s torso. A host of
personas joined offensively, creating a massive explosion of power that rocked
Nyarlathotep’s entire body.

Nyarlathotep shouted in rage, and his eyes swiveled toward Akira. He swung two massive
tentacles toward him, but Aigis blasted them away.
Nyarlathotep raised his hand again, his attention still on Akira.
Goro’s heart pounded as he summoned Hereward again. Rebellion blade sliced two tentacles
clean off, and Nyarlathotep turned toward Goro.
Amano and Suou would provide backup. Goro just had to focus on keeping him distracted.
“It must have eaten at you,” Goro said viciously, fumbling with a fruit to restore his energy.
“You must have spent hours wasting away, wondering how things could have gone so
wrong.”
“What are you talking about?” Nyarlathotep demanded, his voice booming. He brought his
hand down, and a wave of dizziness struck Goro at the fresh pain. It was swiftly lessened by
someone casting mediarahan.
“You thought I was going to ruin things,” Goro said as Nyarlathotep regenerated his missing
tentacles. Keep him distracted. “But instead, I made friends.”
“The hero act again?” Nyarlathotep asked. Even with most of his attention on Goro, he was
sending attacks in everyone else’s direction. With one swift movement of a tentacle, he
knocked Amano aside and nearly skewered Goro before he dodged out of the way. “We both
know you were only befriending people for more power.”
“Maybe at first,” Goro said. “But would I really have risked life and limb for people I didn’t
give a shit about?”
Nyarlathotep didn’t say anything, but he directed more of his attacks toward Goro. Goro
quickly activated physical ointment, and Nyarlathotep’s tentacles bounced off of Goro and
onto Nyarlathotep himself.
“Do you want to know what I think?” More and more members of the party were getting
powerful hits in without Nyarlathotep interrupting them with his own attacks. Goro
summoned Hereward and sliced off a few more tentacles. “I think you’re not nearly as
powerful as you like to pretend you are.”
“You don’t know anything about me, boy,” Nyarlathotep snarled.
Aigis landed a powerful blow, and Nyarlathotep howled.
“YOU THINK YOUR DEFIANCE IS ENOUGH TO DEFEAT ME?!” Nyarlathotep’s voice
boomed from all sides, and he grew taller. “I’LL SHOW YOU HOW PATHETIC YOUR
FRIENDS TRULY ARE!”
Nyarlathotep continued to grow until he was half the height of Tartarus. The ground cracked
open, and Yukiko pulled Akira away before he plunged into the abyss.
“Time for phase two!” Junpei shouted.

Nyarlathotep’s tentacles were now the size of a two-story building, and he swept them toward
the Shadow Operatives and Investigation Team, pushing both groups into the hoards of
shadows.
“We need to destroy the tentacles!” Rise shouted, her voice pained.
“No shit sherlock!” Akihiko snapped as he downed yet another shadow.
Amano shot at Nyarlathotep’s eyes, but Nyarlathotep only picked her and Suou up and flung
them across the room. He slammed his tentacles around Goro, forming a wall between him
and the rest of the group.
The sounds of the battle became muffled. Goro could barely hear any of the others. Were the
tentacles really so thick that they could block out sound?
Now it was just Goro and Nyarlathotep’s hundreds of greedy eyes. His cracked mask loomed
over him like a ceiling.
“WHERE ARE YOUR FRIENDS NOW, AKECHI GORO?” Nyarlathotep asked, laughing.
“YOU’VE BEEN CUT OFF FROM THEM ONCE AGAIN.”
“Hereward!” Goro shouted, but rebellion blade didn’t do an ounce of damage.
Nyarlathotep continued to laugh.
“DO YOU THINK YOUR HATRED IS ENOUGH TO DESTROY ME? THE EMBODIMENT
OF CHAOS?”
Nyarlathotep slammed his hand against the ground, and Goro fell to his knees. The blow was
enough to kill him, but he continued to suck in breath after stubborn breath.
“I don’t think it’s enough, no,” Goro said, gasping as he crushed a soma in his hand. “But I
think my hope might.”
“HOPE?” Nyarlathotep’s laughter made the ceiling crumble. “WHAT HOPE DO YOU
POSSESS IN THAT TINY BODY OF YOURS?”
Goro struggled to stay standing up right, but he smiled viciously. He wasn’t going to let
Nyarlathotep think he won. “Hope for a fucking future, that’s what.”
Three tentacles jettisoned from his swirling mass. Goro moved out of the way of the first two,
but the other wrapped firmly around his body and picked him up off the ground.
“Goro-kun!” Mitsuru screamed.
From down below, the party began attacking Nyarlathotep with everything they had, but
Nyarlathotep paid them no mind. They looked like ants from so high up.
“DO YOU THINK YOU KNOW FEAR?” Nyarlathotep asked, squeezing Goro tightly. An
involuntary cry of pain escaped Goro as he felt a cracking sensation in his ribs. “DO YOU

THINK THIS PLACE HAS SHOWN YOU A FRACTION OF WHAT I’M CAPABLE OF?”
Amano, Nanjo, and Suou used an joint attack from their three personas to destroy the tentacle
holding Goro. Goro’s stomach swooped as he plummeted, but another tentacle grabbed him
suddenly, yanking Goro back into the air.
“I don’t think I’ll kill you after all,” Nyarlathotep said, his voice turning into a hissing
whisper. These words were for Goro alone. “That’s too merciful for everything you’ve put
me through. Instead, I’ll put you in a hell of your own making. How does that sound?”
Even with his life being squeezed out of him, Goro managed to wrap his fingers around the
hilt of his sword.
“Imagine it,” Nyarlathotep said, laughing. “A place with only Takaya and Shido for
company… a place where your worst fears come to life.”
“Goro-kun!” Akira’s voice pierced through the din. Nyarlathotep didn’t seem to hear it, and
Goro didn’t dare turn his head to look. He couldn’t draw any unnecessary attention toward
Akira.
Nyarlathotep had brought Goro all the way up to his mask now. Goro’s grip on his sword
loosened as Nyarlathotep squeezed him a little tighter. Stars entered Goro’s vision.
“How does that sound?” Nyarlathotep asked.
“If you’re not–” Goro grunted in pain. “--careful, you’re going to kill me right now.”
Nyarlathotep’s laughter was getting more gleeful by the second. “Well, I think we’ve already
established that I can bring you back. Maybe this time, I’ll take you to the moment you find
your mother’s body.”
For a brief moment, Goro saw red, but his rage was interrupted by Akira’s high-pitched
scream.
“Duck!”
Without having the slightest clue why it was necessary, Goro ducked as best he could.
Nyarlathotep made a noise of alarm as Akira’s dagger soared through the air toward him. It
landed in Nyarlathotep’s mask with a loud shtick, causing it to crack in half.
Nyarlathotep roared in pain or fury, and his grip on Goro loosened.

Thou art I… and I am thou
The connection that you have nurtured has been transformed

Thy bond shall be the compass of redemption
and guide the way for thy heart

The power of the Priestess Arcana has been set free
Granting thee ultimate power

“I’ll see you in hell,” Goro snarled, calling on his persona.
Hereward sliced away the tentacles choking Goro. Goro jumped from their disintegrating
remains and buried his sword directly through the extra space in crack of Nyarlathotep’s
mask and into his face. Gravity pulled Goro down, and the sword, still embedded in
Nyarlathotep’s body, slid down with him, creating a massive rip in Nyarlathotep’s body.
Nyarlathotep swung his body wildly to and thro, screaming all the while. Goro lost his grip
on his sword, and he plunged to the ground.
With a painful crunch of his already broken bones, Suou caught him in both arms. Amano
shoved a bead in his hand, and Goro crushed it gratefully.
“Fuck,” Goro muttered as his body repaired itself. He leapt to his feet and spun back toward
Nyarlathotep.
Akira’s dagger and Goro’s sword were still embedded in Nyarlathotep’s body, which was
disintegrating from the massive gash the sword created. Nyarlathotep roared and unleashed
another devastating attack on the entire group.
Akira wore an embarrassed grin from behind Aigis and Akihiko.
Goro grinned gratefully back.
“YOU CANNOT WIN,” Nyarlathotep shrieked, slamming his remaining tentacles against the
ground. A massive shockwave pushed everyone onto their backs. Nyarlathotep didn’t hesitate
before launching burst of magic that hit Goro with a fresh wave of nauseating pain. “I
REFUSE TO ALLOW MERE MORTALS TO DEFEAT ME AGAIN.”
“Look out!” Kanji cried to no one in particular as the shadows the Investigation Team were
trying to hold off began to break free and launch toward the downed group. Ryoji weakly
summoned Thanatos, who decimated half the shadows, but the rest were fast approaching as
the rest of the team tried to get to their feet.
“Stay focused!” Yu barked out, summoning his persona to kill the remaining shadows with
myriad truths.

Nyarlathotep swept one of his tentacles to the right, knocking over half the group again.
Yukari and Ken hastened to heal everyone, but another tentacle knocked them down as well.
“No,” Goro whispered. “No.”
“DON’T YOU SEE?” Nyarlathotep asked, cackling. Goro barely dodged another tentacle as
he cast a restorative skill on the entire group. “IT’S FUTILE.”
No. Goro couldn’t lose here. He wouldn’t lose here.
“You’re wrong,” Goro growled. He took a few steps back as he felt new resolve stir within
him. Something warm and overwhelming and growing stronger by the minute. “It’s never too
late to turn the tables.”
A voice suddenly echoed from within Goro’s soul, causing him to stand stock still even in the
midst of the battle around him.
“When chaos seeks to destroy, only peace can heal the hurt,” it said, in a deep but loud voice.
“Accept the role you now play and end this, once and for all.”
Power swelled within Goro, the same way it had when Hereward awakened. Feeling an
overwhelming calm wash over him, Goro reached into his soul and cried out,
“BALDUR!”
A massive white and gold striped persona burst forth, carrying a black staff the same design
as Loki’s, except the once red blade was blue. The persona’s black shield displayed a golden
insignia of the sun.
Baldur’s red cape rippled behind him as he raised his staff and plunged it into the rip in
Nyarlethotep’s body. The entire room shook as Nyarlathotep roared, and an explosion of
bless magic engulfed the entire room in piercing light.
And then it was over.
The broken form of Kurusu Tsuyoshi lay sprawled in the middle of the room. The shadows
attacking the Investigation Team disappeared.
Everyone gasped for breath. The room smelled faintly of blood and smoke. Yukari, Kanji,
Chie and Ken groaned as their teammates revived them from unconsciousness.
Nyarlathotep began coughing as he tried to push himself off the ground. “No,” he gasped.
“Not again. I can’t… be defeated… so easily…”
“After all this time, you have learned nothing,” said a new voice. Everyone shifted to a
defensive position as a pale man with a butterfly mask covering his face entered the room.
“When will you learn that it is impossible to defeat humanity’s hope?”
Amano, Suou, and Nanjo relaxed, but none of them looked happy either.

“Philemon,” Nyarlathotep said with disdain. “I should’ve known you would come to lord
victory over me.”
This was Philemon? This was the being that thought it was a good idea to make a bet with the
essence of human evil?
“I’ve only come to ensure that you stay defeated,” Philemon said. “How many times have I
won our bet? There’s no need to continue tormenting humanity.”
“I’ll never stop.” Nyarlathotep grinned. “As long as humanity exists, I’ll never leave–”
Amano shot Nyarlathotep in the head. His expression slackened, and within seconds, he
dissolved into the air until there was nothing left.
The relief was staggering.
“Is he dead?” Chie asked.
“He is gone for now,” Philemon said. “Who knows when he might return.”
“Why are you here?” Goro asked flatly. “I thought you weren’t meant to interfere?”
“Nyarlathotep is a special case,” Philemon said. “He cannot be allowed to roam freely.”
“So those three years in which he did roam freely didn’t count,” Akihiko said sarcastically.
“Good to know.”
“You didn’t need to come,” Amano said, still frowning. “We handled it. Like we always
have.”
“You certainly did,” Philemon said. “I choose my champions well, after all.”
He turned toward Goro.
“Well done.”
Goro still wanted to punch him in the face. He clenched his fist, genuinely considering it
when Amano suddenly stalked up to Philemon with a furious expression.
And then she did punch him in the face.
Much like Nyarlathotep and the Velvet Room attendants, Philemon did not recoil in pain
from the blow. However, upon impact with Amano’s fist, his mask clattered to the ground,
revealing…
…Goro’s face.
Older certainly, but it was undoubtedly Goro’s features that inhabited Philemon’s face.
“Woah,” Junpei said. “I was not ready for that.”

“What… what does that mean?” Rise asked, glancing between Philemon and Goro
uncertainly.
Philemon only smiled serenely. “I am Philemon, a dweller in the rift between consciousness
and unconsciousness of all souls... I am you. You are me... I shall always watch over you
from within. Farewell…”
“What does that mean?” Goro demanded, but Philemon was already dissolving into golden
butterflies. “Wait! You don’t get to just show up, wear my face, spout some cryptic none
sense and leave! What sort of bullshit is that?”
“He does it so well, though,” Nanjo muttered.
“Until we meet again…” Philemon said before disappearing entirely.

As soon as Philemon disappeared, Goro found himself sitting in the Velvet Room. He blinked
in alarm and frowned at Theodore questioningly. Judging by the smile on Theodore’s face,
there was nothing to be too worried about.
“Excellently done,” Igor said. “Not only were you able to face your demons, but you have
eliminated the world of one who sought to destroy humanity as well.”
“It was a group effort,” Goro said.
Igor had never looked more pleased with him. His eyes gleamed. “Exactly!” he said. “You
survived, not through your own power, but through the shared power of your allies.”
“We have almost reached our destination,” Theodore said.
Goro frowned and glanced out the window behind Igor. Was that… land in the distance?
“I must confess that I was alarmed when you were made a guest here,” Igor said. “Not only
were you unprecedentedly too young, but I questioned the strength of your heart to forge the
necessary bonds needed to defeat your adversaries.”
So even Igor thought Goro was too far gone. Fantastic.
“I am delighted to be proven wrong,” Igor said. “You have united young and old guests of
this place alike to claim victory. Even in the heaviest of storms, you’ve stayed true to your
course. And perhaps you have learned something about yourself on the way as well.”
Had Goro learned anything himself? He had learned his past actions were unforgivable and
wrong, but somehow, Goro didn’t think that was the answer Igor was looking for.
“And what is that?”
“How much you value others,” Igor said. “And while we may reach our destination, your
journey is far from over. There are still paths to tread, wilderness to overcome.”

Great.
“But I have the utmost confidence in your success.” The boat was slowing down rapidly now.
“Your contract has been fulfilled. This may be the last time you see this place.”
The boat came to a complete stop. What once looked like land through the windows was now
a bright white void.
“Live a full and marvelous life, Akechi Goro,” Igor said, his eyes twinkling. Theodore smiled
as he opened the door of the boat cabin. Light bled from the white void into the room.
Igor’s words echoed as the Velvet Room began to fade away.
“You were truly a remarkable guest.”

Goro stood inside the shack. The mirror was gone. Everyone else seemed equally surprised to
have appeared there.
“What just happened?” Junpei asked.
“The dungeon must have disappeared,” Naoto said. “Since it is no longer needed.”
“I guess…” Yukari said, making a face at the empty space where the mirror once stood.
“What time is it?” Yukiko asked, yawning.
“It is twelve sixteen in the morning,” Aigis said.
“Shit,” Ken said.
“Guess we’ll stay the night and head back first thing in the morning,” Amano said
exhaustedly.
Goro glanced at Akira. He was staring at the wall with a somewhat blank expression. “You
can sleep with Ken and me,” he said. “Since I assume you didn’t bring your own camping
supplies.”
Akira glanced toward Goro and frowned. “Oh. No, I didn’t.”
“How did you get here?” Ken asked.
Goro had somewhat assumed that Nyarlathotep had somehow summoned Akira there.
“I drove,” Akira said.
“You drove?” Mitsuru demanded. “Drove what, exactly?”
As Akira tried (and utterly failed) to defend his reckless actions to Mitsuru, Goro glanced at
the space the Velvet Room door once stood. There was no sign it ever even existed.

“Don’t worry,” Minato said. “You’ll see them again.”
“You think?” Goro asked.
Wait. He had never even liked Igor. Why the hell was he being so melancholy over this?
“You have to save the world again in four years, right?” Minato asked. “You’ll be back in no
time.”
On second thought, maybe Goro didn’t want to see them again. Ever.

They managed to get maybe three hours of sleep before waking up, scrounging together
breakfast, and breaking down camp. Everyone exhaustedly piled into their vehicles (they
very vindictively left Tsuyoshi’s car behind), and immediately fell asleep again as soon as
they hit the road.
The sun was fully up by the time they finally arrived at Inaba, and Goro and Kanji stopped by
their house only to inform Tatsumi that they were still alive and to pick up their schoolbooks.
Somehow, school was even more mundane than usual. Goro wanted nothing more than to
plant his face into his desk and fall asleep, but he knew that would not go over well with his
teachers. Instead, he tried his hardest to keep his eyes open as his teachers droned on about
English particles and math formulas.
When classes finally ended, Goro was astonished to see Akira standing outside the school
building, waiting for him.
“Akira,” he said, alarmed. “What are you doing here?”
“Avoiding my parents,” Akira admitted. The bags under his eyes were probably worse than
Goro’s. Did he sleep at all last night? “They’re pissed I ran off.”
“And your response is to… not go home at all?” Goro asked, yawning. “I don’t think that’s
going to improve the situation.”
“Yeah, well, I don’t care.” Akira clung to the straps of his backpack and glared at his feet.
“Let’s just… can we just go somewhere?”
“Sure.”
Goro checked his phone to make sure that nobody wanted to debrief, but fortunately, there
was only a message from Yu on the group chat telling everyone to take a nap. Goro ignored
the request and stuffed his phone back into his pocket as he followed Akira.
Akira went to the hill overlooking Inaba, and he hoisted himself onto the fence, clutching
tightly to the wood with both hands. Goro sat next to him wordlessly.

The wind tousled their hair, as they stared down at Inaba. Birds chirped loudly around them.
It was almost serene.
“Today was weird,” Akira said quietly.
“Which part?” Goro asked dryly.
“No, no, not yesterday.” Akira shook his head. “I know technically that fight happened this
morning, or whatever, but… I meant school. School was weird.”
Goro made a noise for Akira to continue, and Akira took a deep breath.
“It was like nothing had happened,” he said. “I mean, sure, I’m in trouble with my parents,
but my classmates are the same, and the lessons were the same, and everything was just… the
same. Like I didn’t just fight a tentacle version of my uncle, or summoned a persona, or was
held hostage… and it was weird.”
“It is weird,” Goro agreed. “Going back to your daily life after these life and death battles.”
“It’s almost like it didn’t happen. But I know it did, and it—” Akira’s fingers hovered over
his throat, and he slumped. “Goro, I… I know whoever-he-was was a monster, I know he
tried to kill all of us, but I can’t… I can’t…” Akira’s voice cracked.
“Akira-kun…” Goro said, unsure of what to say. He had trusted before, and he had been
betrayed before. But Goro had always half-expected betrayal in everyone. He hadn’t trusted
anyone as wholeheartedly as Akira trusted Tsuyoshi. “I’m sorry.”
“No, you shouldn’t apologize. I’m the one who didn’t believe you at first, who almost let
myself get convinced by a monster—” Akira’s breath shuttered, and he covered his face with
his hands. “God, I just don’t know what to do.”
Goro slowly wrapped his arm around Akira’s shoulders. Akira leaned against Goro’s side
without protest as sobs began to wrack his body.
“I’m sorry,” Akira muttered, trying to swipe tears from his eyes. “This is so embarrassing.”
“You have nothing to be embarrassed about.” Goro closed his eyes and took a deep breath.
“You cared about him. It’s only natural to feel emotional over everything that’s happened.”
“I just feel so stupid.”
“It’s not stupid to trust people,” Goro said. “It’s better to trust and to love and sometimes be
hurt than to never love at all. If you live your entire life only pushing people away, can you
really call it living?”
Akira shook his head minutely. “No,” he said quietly. “I guess you can’t.”

Isshiki Futaba: I see ur back from your camping trip muehehe

Isshiki Futaba: sry im trying to do better about eavesdropping but like ur friends’ groupchats
were very cryptic about final battles and I was curious
Isshiki Futaba: did u beat the baddie?
Akechi Goro: I would not be alive if I didn’t
Isshiki Futaba: scary
Isshiki Futaba: anyway! U should come over for dinner someday! Mom still has a lot of
questions for u and I want to talk more about video games
Isshiki Futaba: and teach you how to play them.
Akechi Goro: I’m too busy for video games
Isshiki Futaba: I know u watch featherman u r not too busy for video games
Akechi Goro: …fair point
Isshiki Futaba: sojiro will make his famous curry if u come for dinner
Akechi Goro: does your mother WANT me to come over for dinner or are you arranging this
on your own?
Isshiki Futaba: are you kidding? After the stunt I pulled at the ski lodge id be crazy to try
something like that again so soon
Isshiki Futaba: i might be a little crazy but not THAT crazy
Isshiki Futaba: dinner was moms idea but she thought ud be more receptive if it came from
me
Akechi Goro: [is typing]
Isshiki Futaba: the tension…
Akechi Goro: [is typing]
Isshiki Futaba: its killing me…
Akechi Goro: [is typing]
Isshiki Futaba: pls... save me goro-kun...
Akechi Goro: alright fine i'll come
Isshiki Futaba: YESSSSSSSS
Isshiki Futaba: soon u will know the joy of the rpg grind

Akechi Goro: i regret this decision already
Isshiki Futaba: too bad

Goro stood in front of the door to Futaba’s apartment building and took a deep breath. It was
strange, being in Tokyo again. The train ride had only taken a few hours, but each hour that
had passed had only filled Goro with more dread. Why did he agree to this again? Because
Futaba had been vaguely amusing in her text messages?
Well, there was no point in turning back now. With another deep breath, Goro rang the
doorbell.
The door opened almost immediately to reveal Isshiki Wakaba. She beamed when she saw
Goro.
“You’re here!” she said cheerfully. “I was beginning to worry you’d bow out on me.”
“I’m not quite that rude,” Goro said. The smell of curry wafted toward him, and a pang of
nostalgia hit Goro like a truck. “Thank you for inviting me.”
“Of course,” Wakaba said. She stepped out of the way of the doorway. “Come inside, come
inside.”
“Isshiki-san,” Goro said as soon as he entered. “I wanted to apologize for my outburst the
other day.”
“I won’t pretend I enjoyed it, but I understand,” Wakaba said. “You had a lot of emotions. It
happens to the best of us.”
“Right, well…” Goro swallowed. “I have a favor to ask of you, if you’re willing.”
Wakaba raised her eyebrows. “Alrighty. Let’s hear it.”
Before Goro could say anything, however, Futaba appeared seemingly out of nowhere and
grabbed Goro by the arm. Goro jumped in alarm, his fight or flight instincts immediately
setting off, but Futaba started dragging Goro away before Goro could act on them.
“Goro!” Futaba cheered. “Come! There is much gaming to be done.”
“Futaba-chan, Goro was in the middle of talking to me,” Wakaba said sternly.
“Now probably isn’t the best time anyway,” Goro said, allowing himself to be dragged
toward Futaba’s bedroom. He made brief eye contact with Sakura, who was in the kitchen.
“It’s good to see you again, Sakura-san.”
Sakura looked vaguely amused as he glanced between Futaba and Goro. “Nice to see you too,
time travel kid.”

The evening was actually rather pleasant. Futaba taught Goro how to play turned-based roleplaying games with great enthusiasm, exclaiming and gesturing wildly when Goro even
moved his character in the wrong direction. When dinner was ready, Goro ate with the family
and answered a few more of Wakaba’s questions, as well as exchanged some of the more
boring details of his daily life with Sakura.
It wasn’t until after dinner that Wakaba turned toward Goro with a curious expression.
“So. You mentioned something about a favor?”
“Oh, yes.” Goro swallowed. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a small envelope. “It
may seem a bit… well, silly to you.”
“My daughter is Futaba, and I’m me,” Wakaba said. “I promise, nothing you come up with
will surprise me. Except for the time travel. That was surprising.”
“It’s nothing quite as dramatic as that,” Goro said. “It’s just closure… I suppose.”
Wakaba nodded. “Alright. Hit me.”

When Isshiki Wakaba unexpectedly died in a car accident, Shido swiftly had his people begin
ransacking her lab for any research she might have thought prudent to keep from him.
They didn’t find much, much to Shido’s frustration. Isshiki’s field was highly theoretical, but
if he could find a way to harness to power of this cognitive world… he would be
unstoppable. If only Isshiki hadn't died so prematurely, he might have been able to gain more
information out of her.
No matter. There were other scientists whose research he could keep an eye on. And if Shido
got what he needed, then, well, he could deal with them.
“Sir,” said Inoue, one of Shido’s specialists, if he could even be called that, in cognitive
pscience. “There was a letter on Isshiki’s desk. It was addressed to you.”
Shido glanced at the closed envelope disdainfully. It was probably some pathetic drivel that
would yield no answers, but…
Shido took the letter.
“You’re dismissed,” he told Inoue, who scurried out of the room like the spineless man he
was. Shido ripped open the envelope and pulled out the small sheet of paper inside. In it was
a letter written in Isshiki’s familiar scrawl.

Dear Shido Masayoshi,

I’m having Isshiki write this letter as I do not wish to be traced, nor do I think you would
have seen this otherwise. I know you’re probably crumpling this up even as you read, so I
will make my message brief:
I don’t need you. Japan doesn’t need you. And when you die, nobody will remember you.
Thank you for indulging in my petty revenge.
Sincerely,
That Brat You almost Assaulted in Iwatodai

Shido felt himself go hot with rage, and he crumpled up the sheet of paper without another
word. Inoue should be fired for his incompetence in even bringing such a letter to him. That
brat he almost assaulted… who the hell…
A faint memory stirred up within Shido. That familiar looking child with that woman’s face
and a glare that would kill. The one who interrupted his campaign speech.
Shido hurled the paper into his trash bin. If that brat ever interfered with Shido’s business
again, Shido would make sure to teach him a lesson that would stick.
The letter was wrong. Everybody would remember Shido. It was that pathetic brat who
nobody would remember.

Tower Arcana: REVERSED

Hours away, in the safety of the Tatsumi residence, Goro smiled at the dinner table.
“What’s that smile for?” Kanji asked with his mouthful.
“I put something to rest,” he said.
“Oh yeah?”
Goro scooped up some vegetables with his chopsticks. “Let’s just say there are some bonds
that are better off broken.”
Tatsumi nodded in approval. “Truer words were never spoken.”

End of Part 3

Chapter End Notes

And that's the end of part 3! Hopefully you liked this final battle but if you didn't please
don't tell me because I worked really hard on this T-T
There might be typos tho because I added a few scenes yesterday and they might not be
thoroughly proofread. You can tell me about those. Again I did my best.
Also I know some of you wanted a more explosive ending to the Shido social link but
the point of it in this fic is to show that Goro is willing to stop pursuing the toxic/abusive
relationship, which is sometimes the best thing to do in real life too. So yeah, lol.
As of today I am closing down the poll, here are the top three spots for both social link
competitions:
In 'favorite social link': first place goes to Shinjiro with 41% of the votes, and second
place goes to Akira with 9.5% of the votes, and third place goes to goes to Nyarly with
6.6% of votes.
In 'second favorite social link': first place goes to Shinjiro with 14.3% of votes, second
place goes to Akira with 12.9% of the votes, and third place goes to Ken with 9.2% of
the votes.
I might give more detailed stats later but I'm a little bit in a hurry right now.
SHOOT I TOTALLY FORGOT. LOVELY ART. THOSE OF YOU WHO SEE THIS
PLEASE CHECK IT OUT. /nf
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 98: April 2012–July, 2016
Chapter Summary

P5R speedrun, part 1/3

Chapter Notes

Let me set some expectations real fast:
-This part is an epilogue/denouement. Therefore, it's very unique pacing-wise compared
to the rest of the story.
-I know i've said this before but the point of this part of the story is to not get into every
juicy detail of persona 5 with time traveled Akechi. There are literally so many fics with
that premise and I'm sure we already have the vibe.
-The point of this part IS to see snapshots of what's different in the context of this fic.
But because of that, we will be glossing over certain major plot events that went
basically as canon. By extension, this fic assumes you know the plot of p5r.
-This will be pretty fast paced.
-There will be some plot choices that may seem odd to you, but that's okay.
now onto the tw: implied/referenced child abuse, implied/referenced sexual abuse and
assault, ptsd, a few vague references to death, violence, kamoshida pov

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Part 4: To Fight Together

“I hate this,” Akira said on their way to school that summer. Now that Akira entered middle
school, for the first time, they actually attended the same school. “There are too many people
in the house. I can’t think.”
“It is difficult,” Goro said sympathetically.
“I was fine with my parents,” Akira said. “They might not have cared, but I knew how to
live! This is all… different.” He wilted. “Even my last name is different now.”
Hanamura Akira.

Around two weeks after they returned to Inaba, Akira’s parents lost custody of Akira and
were punished appropriately for child neglect. In an odd burst of generosity, the Hanamuras
took him in.
“Teddie and Yosuke both vouched for him,” Yosuke’s father said when Goro had knocked on
his door and demanded what the hell he was playing at. “And we had a bedroom free since
Teddie insisted upon sharing a room with Yosuke. Besides, in the short time we’ve lived in
this neighborhood, I’ve gotten to know the kid pretty well myself. He gave me gardening tips
once. Did you want us to let him get lost in the system?”
An odd rush of emotion rose to Goro’s throat, and he found he could not breathe for a few
seconds. He then inhaled deeply and bowed.
“Thank you,” he said quietly. “For doing this.”
Hanamura chuckled. “Let’s hope Akira feels the same.”
Akira did not feel the same.
“You’re still the same you,” Goro said. “It’s different, but…” He hesitated. “...it can be
good.”
“Easy for you to say,” Akira muttered, kicking the sidewalk.
“Need I remind you that last year was the first time I had been introduced to a stable home
life?” Goro said, trying to keep his voice patient.
“I’m sorry.” Akira closed his eyes and twisted his face. “I just… I get these nightmares ever
since… and they’re concerned, but I don’t need them to be! I just… I don’t know.”
Ever since that day on the hill, they had given up on openly discussing the Nyarlathotep
disaster. Akira was still deeply scarred by the entire ordeal of having to stab someone he
cared about, and any attempted conversation about it usually ended in tears. Sometimes from
both parties.
Maybe, when it was a memory, they could talk about it normally. For now, Goro was content
with trying to recover.
“You can babysit Monster Cat if you’d like,” Goro said. “He’s good for nightmares.”
“I’ll ask if it’s okay,” Akira said reluctantly.
“Teddie will be pleased, at any rate.”
Akira smiled. “Yeah. He will.”

But Akira slowly started to learn how to live with a family. With that understanding, Akira
slowly started to forgive Goro.

On Goro’s fifteenth birthday, a strange metaverse app didn’t appear on his phone. Wakaba
had long since faked her death. Shido managed to get a hold of the research she tried to keep
secret. Futaba went into Sakura’s custody.
But Wakaba was still alive, still alive, safe in one of the Kirijo Group’s secret locations.
Mental shutdowns started happening anyway. Goro watched the news with a pit in his
stomach, quietly counting the deaths. The casualties were less than in Goro’s time, but not
insignificant either.
“Enough of that,” Tatsumi said, shutting off the television before Goro could protest. “You’re
too young to be worrying about that. Go read your books or watch your featherpeople or
whatever you’re into these days.”
Goro followed her instructions and returned to his bedroom. He laid down in his futon,
Monster Cat in his lap, and tried not to think of the mysterious metaverse user. Tried not to
think of how useless he felt.
Three more years before Akira got the metaverse app. Three more years before they reached
the end.

“I’m coming with you,” Ken said abruptly while visiting one day.
Goro looked up from his beef bowl, vaguely surprised by the outburst. “What?”
“When you leave Inaba and go to Tokyo,” Ken said. “That’s not a request, by the way. When
you go, I’m coming with you. End of story.”
“Oh, I…” Goro opened his mouth to protest, but he found himself at a loss of a good reason
to prevent Ken from coming. Ken had years more experience than even the Investigation
Team, and he was one of the people Goro missed the most since moving to Inaba. “What
about Emiko?”
“Didn’t she tell you?”
Goro blinked. “Tell me what?”
“Her family is already moving to Tokyo,” Ken said. “Her dad got a better job or something.”
“Come to think of it, she did mention the new job…” A pit suddenly formed in Goro’s
stomach. “Which high school is she applying to?”
“Don’t worry,” Ken assured him. “I made her promise she wouldn’t go to Shujin.”
Goro breathed a small sigh of relief. “In that case, I will be glad to see you in Tokyo.”
Ken smiled, and his shoulders relaxed slightly. “Thanks. And, um, dramatic declarations
aside, I might move to Tokyo with Minato and Ryoji, actually.”

Goro swallowed. He’d heard about that. “When are they moving?”
“I think in around six months or so,” Ken said with a shrug. “So I’ll be arriving around the
start of the second year high school.”
“That’s convenient,” Goro said.
“That’s what I was thinking too.” Ken said with a small smile. “And it can’t hurt to have an
extra pair of eyes around while you decide to stay in Inaba for the time being.”
“True…” Goro said. “There is a matter I am somewhat concerned about, actually, but it may
be difficult to prevent…”
“Try me,” said Ken fiercely, his eyes flashing.

“What is the meaning of this?” Suguru demanded. He took a deep breath and schooled his
expression in front of principal Kobayakawa and this new… upstart. “Pardon my frankness,
sir, but you assured me that you would let me coach the track team.”
“Now, Kamoshida-san,” Kobayakawa said, smiling placatingly. “I thought it would be best if
you could focus your efforts on making the volleyball team the best they can be. Besides, the
Kirijo Group has offered a generous… donation… if we allow Arisato-san to coach the track
team. I hear he’s very experienced in the sport.”
“I was very sorry to hear what happened to the old track coach, and I thought I would help,”
Arisato said, completely unashamed of bribing the principal to be hired. “I hear the track
team has some promising members.”
Suguru grit his teeth. Any attention on the track team was attention not being spent on
volleyball. What sort of sport was track anyway? Anyone could run.
“I hope you two can get along with each other,” Kobayakawa said warningly.
Suguru wasn’t going to win this argument. Not like this. The Kirijo Group was incredibly
powerful, and whatever sum they had offered was enough to override Kobayakawa’s desire
to follow Suguru’s commands at bended knee.
The one eye Suguru could see beneath Arisato’s truly ridiculous bangs was so smug it made
Suguru sick.
Fine. Suguru would play Arisato’s little game for now. He could find a way to make the track
team disappear through more unconventional means. And it saved Suguru his precious time
and effort of pretending to care about those little shits.
Maybe this change in plan wasn’t so bad after all.
Suguru took a deep breath and smiled warmly. “Of course,” he said. He bowed to Arisato.
“It’s a pleasure to work alongside you, Arisato-san.”

“The pleasure is all mine, Kamoshida-san,” Arisato said, standing up and bowing in return.
Suguru couldn’t wait to wipe the grin off that smug asshole’s face.

Ken normally didn’t come along with Yukari to see her interviews about being a prominent
actor in children’s television, but seeing as he was already in Tokyo, he decided to take the
opportunity to support her. While Yukari talked with the host about what it was like to
perform her own stunts and inspire the kids, Ken scanned the studio for the people he really
came to see.
At first, he didn’t see any middle-schoolers in sight. It was summer, so nobody should be
held up by school, but…
A girl with vivid red hair and glasses walked into the studio, looking exhausted. Her
shoulders were hunched as she held a book to her chest.
Target spotted. Hopefully.
Ken gave Yukari one last supportive thumbs up that she definitely did not see before spinning
around and walking to the girl as quickly as he could muster. He felt a little awkward talking
to someone who was essentially a stranger out of the blue, but he was doing it to save lives,
so he pushed that awkwardness away the best he could.
“Hi there!” Ken said, trying to seem friendly without coming off as creepy. “Are you here for
a friend too?”
The girl looked surprised, which was fair, and her mouth formed a small ‘o’ before saying,
“Oh, no. My dad works here. I’m just here to visit him.”
“Your dad?” Ken asked, feigning ignorance. “Oh, you mean Yoshizawa-san?”
“That’s the one,” the girl said weakly. “Yoshizawa Sumire.”
“Nice to meet you, Yoshizawa-san,” Ken said, bowing.
“Likewise.” Yoshizawa bowed as well.
Ken glanced around, grasping for a conversation topic before Yoshizawa decided to walk
away and never talk to him again. “Uh, what book are you holding? It’s not summer
homework, is it?”
“This?” Yoshizawa’s eyes widened, but her face became slightly more animated than before.
“Oh, no. This is just a cookbook I bought. I thought I would try out some new recipes that
followed me and my sister’s new diet.”
“You cook?” Finally, a topic of discussion that Ken could latch onto. “That’s crazy. My friend
cooks. He’s crazy good at it, but he says he only does it for ‘necessity’ or whatever.”

“Really?” Yoshizawa asked. “I think it’s kind of fun. It’s like solving a puzzle. Oh, but I
guess when you use a cookbook you already have the solution in front of you.”
“I had another friend who was like that,” Ken said. “He would watch cooking programs and
then try to replicate what he saw. He’s the one who taught the first friend I was talking
about.”
“Yeah?”
“Yeah,” Ken said, doing his best to ignore the grief that suddenly hit him. “We all lived in the
same dorm, but none of us could cook at all. So Shinjiro got so fed up that he started teaching
people.”
“I’m the main person who cooks in my family too,” Yoshizawa said. She sighed. “I’m not a
very good teacher, though. I tried to teach Kasumi, but she just never seems to get it. Which
is weird, because she gets gymnastic routines so much faster than I do.”
“Well, nobody’s perfect.”
Yoshizawa’s eyes widened a bit, but she smiled slightly. “I guess not.”
“You do gymnastics?”
“Yeah, ever since I was little.”
“That’s really cool! Do you think you could teach me?” Ken asked. “I, uh, used to be really
athletic when I was younger, but I’ve started getting out of practice. It’d be nice to have
something to keep me on my toes.”
“Well, men’s gymnastics is a little different, and I’m not sure I have time to teach you and
practice… oh! But they do offer lessons at the gym my sister and I go to. You could try it out
with the professionals.”
Ken nodded, relieved. “Makes sense. Do you have the address?”
Yoshizawa nodded and grabbed her phone from her pocket. She looked more relaxed than
she did when she first entered the room, which was a massive relief. Ken was afraid he’d
overwhelm her by coming across as too friendly, but maybe she liked having someone to talk
to about her interests.
They exchanged numbers, and Yoshizawa sent him the address to their gym. Fortunately, it
wasn’t too far away from Shujin Academy or Minato’s apartment. He should be able to get
there pretty easily.
“Thanks!” Ken said. “I’ll definitely try it out. Maybe I’ll see you there?”
“Maybe,” said Yoshizawa with a small smile. “I’ll look forward to it… oh! I never got your
name. Sorry!”
“Amada Ken.”

“In that case, I’ll look forward to seeing you again, Amada-san.”

Ryuji’s new track coach was half-way through overseeing their stretching routine before he
suddenly said, “If any teacher threatens you or your safety, speak to a trusted adult
immediately.”
Ryuji and Nakaoka glanced at each other quizzically. The statement wasn’t exactly news, but
it felt kind of strange for it to come up in the middle of track practice.
Arisato acted like nothing strange had happened at all, though.
“Okay,” he said when they were done stretching. “Let’s start with some warmups. Fair
warning, I may be new, but that doesn’t mean I’ll go easy on you.”
“Is it true that Kamoshida-sensei was meant to take over this team?” Nakaoka suddenly
blurted out, voicing Ryuji’s thoughts.
Arisato blinked, looking somewhat startled by the question, but he recovered quickly.
“Maybe,” he said. “But being an Olympic medalist in volleyball doesn’t mean you can coach
all the other sports out there. Unlike Komashida, I actually have experience running track.”
“I heard he was pretty annoyed,” Ryuji said, emboldened by the success of Nakaoka’s
outburst. “You’re not gonna get in trouble, are you?”
“Trust me, Komashida can’t touch me right now,” Arisato said. “But if he tries to touch any
of you, tell me, and I’ll do everything in my power to get him kicked out of this school.”
Okay, Ryuji decided while the others whispered in astonishment at such a bold declaration.
Arisato was fucking cool.

Tokyo was a big city, and Futaba still battled with some pretty hardcore social anxiety.
But she was on her way back from buying the newest Iron Gear game when she spotted the
familiar face of Kitagawa Yusuke in the subway station.
Target spotted. Quest objective: speak with Kitagawa.
Ugh. These quests were so much more fun in video games than in real life.
And Sojiro had told her to go straight home after she acquired her game.
Futaba groaned dramatically. She hated conflicting side quests! No matter what she did, she
would fail one of them–
Kitagawa was leaving the station. Futaba had to make her decision now.

She ran after Kitagawa.
“Uh, hey!” Futaba called out, trying to catch Kitagawa’s attention. He didn’t act like he saw
her. She caught up to him and grabbed his sleeve. “Hello?”
Kitagawa stared at her with a confused expression.
Speak with Kitagawa: Completed!
Go straight home: Failed.
Oh well. Futaba would just tell Sojiro that it took her a long time to find the game. No harm
no foul, right?
“Can I help you?” Kitagawa asked.
“Oh, um, yes!” Come on, Futaba. Just make friends with him. Easy! “Are you an artist? You
look like an artist.”
Ah ha! Futaba definitely selected the correct dialogue there. Kitagawa arched his back and
nodded. “I am indeed an artist. Why do you ask?”
“I have a commission! For you,” Futaba added. “And, um, I’ll pay you for it! None of that
exposure crap that other artists get.”
“A commission?” Kitagawa asked, frowning. “I don’t often get asked for commissions.”
“Well, um, this is super embarrassing, but I want to thank my d-, um, guardian for always
being there for me. And he has a coffee shop? So I want a painting of one of his famous cups
of coffee! Yeah.”
“Coffee, you say?” he wore a distant expression and brought his hand to his chin. “That
might indeed make for a unique composition…” He shook his head suddenly. “But my sensei
doesn’t want me to accept payment for works. Art should be done for its enjoyment alone.
Not for material means.”
“Aw bummer,” Futaba said. “Could you at least come to the cafe while you think about it?
It’s not far from here, and Sojiro makes the most delicious curry. I’ll pay too!”
Maybe Futaba should have just led with the free food, because Kitagawa agreed without any
further objections.

Futaba burst into Leblanc, dragging Kitagawa in behind her.
“Um, who is this?” Sojiro asked.
“This is my new best friend, Kitgawa Yusuke,” Futaba said. “We would like curry please.”

“Friend?” Sojiro asked, still looking extremely alarmed.
“I don’t believe I ever gave you my name,” Kitgawa said.
“Whoops,” Futaba said. She sat down plopped herself down at one of the barstools and
seized the cup of coffee Sojiro had already prepared for her. “Don’t worry about it. It’s
spoilers otherwise.”
Futaba took a sip. The coffee scalded her tongue. She stuck her tongue out and began fanning
it with her hand. “Hot!”
“Well, any friend of Futaba’s is welcome here,” Sojiro said, smiling. “Kitagawa, was it?”
“Yes, sir.” Kitagawa bowed and sat down next to Futaba. “I’ve heard very good things about
your coffee.”
“It’s on the house.”
When Sojiro served the curry, Kitagawa’s entire face lit up. “This is delicious!” he exclaimed.
“The recipe was made scientifically,” Futaba said. “I eat it every day, all day.”
“That’s not strictly true,” Sojiro said, because he believed in things like “balanced diets.”
“This truly is remarkable,” Kitagawa said. “Perhaps I should factor your work in my future
pieces.”
Yes, Futaba thought. This truly was the beginning of a marvelous friendship.

“Good morning, Arisato-san,” Suguru said, smiling with all his teeth.
“Good morning,” Arisato said.
“How’s the track team?” Suguru asked. “I hope training them isn’t too difficult?”
“Not at all,” Arisato said. “Are you having any difficulty with your team? They seem to come
out of practice with an awful lot of bruises.”
Stay calm, Suguru. Violence at this moment won’t achieve anything.
“Oh, you know how it is,” Suguru said. “Some players are less talented than others… some
are more aggressive… accidents happen in any sport.”
“That’s true.” Arisato’s frown dimmed, the suspicious bastard. “I hope things improve as the
year progresses.”
“Oh, they will.” Suguru laughed. “How’s Tokyo, by the way? You’re not originally from
here, right?”

“It’s a little bigger than I’m used to,” Arisato admitted.
“I know how you feel,” Suguru said. “But then again, you must be used to new places. You
grew up in the foster system, didn’t you?”
Kobayakawa was more than happy to divulge Arisato’s… troubling background at
Kamoshida’s request. It was a peace offering for pissing Suguru off by hiring Arisato to begin
with.
Arisato’s expression twitched. Finally, Suguru had managed to strike a nerve.
“I can’t imagine what that was like,” Suguru said, his voice just dripping with sympathy. “To
lose your entire family at such a young age? Truly heartbreaking.”
“It’s in the past,” Arisato said stiffly. “At least I’m able to accept that.”
Suguru frowned. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
“When did you win your medal?” Arisato asked, a quiet viciousness in his voice. “2008?
Maybe you’re not the volleyball champion you think you are if you’ve been reduced to a
mere coach since then.”
They were standing in an open hallway. Suguru couldn’t attack him without plausible reason,
and a few verbal jabs weren’t quite enough for Suguru to get away with the “self-defense”
claim.
But it was a close thing. Fuck pretenses. Suguru wanted to make Arisato pay.
Maybe he could goad him into making self-defense necessary.
Arisato was already walking away, but that wasn’t enough to stop Suguru.
“It’s a shame your sister is dead,” Suguru called after him. “I’m sure she would have grown
up to be quite the beautiful young woman.”
Arisato spun around at a speed worthy of his career as a track coach. His eyes flashed
dangerously, and Suguru fought a smirk. Time to get this bastard’s ass fired.
But it was a different voice that said, “The hell?”
Both Arisato and Suguru took pause and glanced at the new voice. Most of the students
should have left school by now. Sakamoto Ryuji, the up-and-coming track star, glared at
Suguru as though it was Sakamoto’s sister Suguru took a pass at.
“Sakamoto-kun,” Kamoshida said. “Don’t interrupt a conversation between two adults.”
“Conversation, my ass!” Sakamoto always was too brash and loud-mouthed for his own
good.
“Sakamoto-kun,” Arisato said sharply. “Let it be.”

Sakamoto turned his glower to Arisato. “No! Are you seriously going to let that slide?”
“Now, Sakamoto-kun,” Suguru said, his agitation taking any form it needed for Suguru to get
what he wanted. What was a runner with a weak leg, after all? “We know your father is a
violent alcoholic, and it probably runs in the family, but there’s no need for you to lash–”
Arisato cried out in alarm just as Sakamoto’s fist connected with Suguru nose.
Crunch.
Suguru shouted in pain. He shoved Sakamoto to the ground and stomped on his lower leg.
The crack followed by Sakamoto’s high-pitched scream was music to his ears. Arisato
pushed Suguru away just too late.
The few students still in the hall whispered to each other, including a few of his volleyball
players.
“I think I see bone.”
“I’m going to be sick.”
“Should we call an ambulance?” Suzui asked, glancing at Takamaki with a diminutive frown.
Takamaki’s eyes were wide as she stared at Suguru, and she didn’t say anything. Good girl.
Let the adults handle this.
“Oh my god!” Suguru exclaimed as Arisato called the ambulance and told Sakamoto to
breathe. “Oh my god, that was an accident. I’m so sorry!”
Sakamoto threw up all over the nice floors. What a slob.
“You call that an accident?” Arisato demanded.
“He attacked me, and I moved without thinking. I must’ve overestimated my strength.”
Suguru bent down next to Sakamoto. He wrapped his arm behind Sakamoto’s back and
moved to hoist him upwards. “I’m so sorry. Let me help you to the nurses’ office.”
“Don’t move him,” Arisato said sharply. “That will make it worse. If you really want to be
helpful, get the nurse up here.”
Damn.
Suguru gave up on trying to sabotage Sakamoto’s injury further and ran to the nurse’s office.
It didn’t matter. Sakamoto’s track career was over.
And Suguru’s nose really fucking hurt.

Sumire noticed there was something upsetting Amada almost as soon as he walked into the
gym.
Ever since their chance encounter at her dad’s studio, Amada started to frequent the gym just
like he said he would. He found he wasn’t quite equipped to do gymnastics, but their gym
also had parkour equipment, which he said he enjoyed far more. At first, they didn’t see each
other often, but Amada would make a point to talk to her when they crossed paths. It was a
little strange at first, but Sumire didn’t mind. Eventually, they even started making a point of
meeting in the lobby before going to their separate practices. It was nice to have a friend she
made completely on her own. Most of her other friends she knew purely through Kasumi.
Speaking of whom—
“Amada-kun!” Kasumi greeted. “How are you today?”
Yep… Sumire made most of her friends through Kasumi, so it wasn’t surprising that Kasumi
would become friends with Amada too. Even if a small part of Sumire deeply wished she
could have just one relationship outside of her older sister. It was fine.
Amada brightened when he saw Kasumi, but Sumire could tell it was fake. He looked almost
like he was on the verge of tears. “Oh, hello Kasumi-san,” he said. “Sumire-san.”
“Did something happen?” Sumire asked.
“Oh, um, it’s nothing, just…” Amada inhaled shakily and closed his eyes. “Let’s just say it
was a rough day at school.”
“What happened?”
“I don’t think I should talk about it right now,” Amada said. “Might distract you guys from
practice. Don’t worry about me.”
“Alright…” Sumire couldn’t really afford to be distracted when she was trying to keep up
with Kasumi, but she also hated the idea of letting Amada carry whatever it was alone. “What
about after practice? We could go somewhere and talk about it then?”
“Yeah!” Kasumi said. “There’s an ice cream place nearby. Our coach takes us there whenever
we win a tournament.”
We. As if Sumire has won much of anything recently.
Amada hesitated. “I was going to meet with another friend of mine after practice, but I guess
if you don’t mind…”
“Of course she can come,” Kasumi said without hesitation.
Sumire wasn’t sure if that was the best idea. Wouldn’t be awkward for Amada to juggle
between friends from two different places? “If she’s okay with that.”

“I’ll send her a text and let you guys know,” Amada said. “But practice is gonna start soon.
I’ll see you later.”
After a very difficult practice in which Sumire felt like she fumbled every part of her routine,
they met back up with Amada, who said that his friend, Yamamoto, would be glad to meet
with them.
“Alright!” Kasumi said cheerfully. “Let’s go, then.”
Sumire was still a little nervous about meeting a new person, but Amada didn’t look worried,
so maybe it would be fine?
They went to the ice cream shop, and a girl with medium brown skin and a black pigtail
waited for them. She wore a school uniform Sumire recognized but didn’t remember what the
name of the high school was. It was the one where the boys wore those striped ties. Not
Shujin, so Amada couldn’t have met her there.
“Ken-kun!” Yamamoto said cheerfully, but her smile dimmed when she saw him. “How are
you feeling?”
Amada glanced around, even though most people weren’t paying any high-school aged kids
that much mind.
“Let’s not talk about it out here,” Amada said. “Oh, and, Emiko, these are the Yoshizawa
siblings.”
“You can just call us Kasumi and Sumire if that’s easier for you,” Kasumi said.
“Nice to meet you!” Yamamoto said with a bow. “It’s good to know that Ken-kun’s finally
made more friends.”
Amada sputtered. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
“I’m just saying,” Yamamoto said innocently with a shrug. “You’ve been friends with me and
Goro since elementary school.”
“That doesn’t mean I didn’t make any other friends since then—” Amada cut himself off and
sighed. “Whatever.”
“You’re Sumire, right?” Yamamoto asked, looking directly at Sumire.
Sumire blinked in surprise at being addressed first. Normally Kasumi got the attention since
she was the more outwardly friendly sister of the two of them. And Yamamoto and Kasumi
seemed like they were practically cut from the same cloth. “Yeah. That’s me.”
“I heard you introduced Ken to parkour.” Yamamoto beamed and glanced at Ken. “I think it’s
too bad, though. You should have gone into gymnastics and gone to the Olympics.”
“I would have never made it to the Olympics,” Amada said, his expression souring more than
Sumire thought the comment probably warranted. “These two might, though.”

“I don’t know if I would go that far,” Kasumi said, looking a little uneasy at Amada’s sudden
change in mood.
Yamamoto frowned. “What is it?”
“Again, I’d rather talk about it inside. Once we’ve gotten our ice cream.”
They entered the shop and ordered their ice cream. Once everyone had a cone in their hand
and were seated around a round table, Amada leaned forward and began to explain with a low
voice.
“A track student’s leg was broken today,” Amada said quietly. “It was a lot.”
Kasumi’s gasp voiced exactly what Sumire felt. For an athlete to have such a bad leg
injury… it would definitely put them out for the season. Maybe even longer.
“How bad was it?” Sumire asked.
“Compound,” Amada said. He didn’t bother eating his ice cream, instead stirring it around
the cup with his plastic spoon. “And um, it wasn’t an accident. A teacher was saying some
out-of-pocket stuff and the student punched him and the teacher…”
All of a sudden, Sumire regretted the massive bite of pistachio ice cream she just ate.
“This happened at your school?” Yamamoto demanded. “Are you serious? They fired the
teacher, right?”
Amada just shook his head quietly.
“Shujin is one of our prospective schools…” Kasumi said in a hushed tone. “We were
potentially going to get a gymnastics scholarship if we performed well—”
“You were going to get a scholarship,” Sumire said.
“Either way, try to get a scholarship opportunity elsewhere,” Amada said immediately.
“Seriously. That teacher has the school in his pocket right now.”
“You should transfer,” Yamamoto said. “Go to my school.”
Amada shook his head. “He doesn’t care about me,” he said. “And I want to stay to try to
help the other students.”
“Are you sure?” Sumire asked.
“Yeah…” Amada closed his eyes. “I just… still feel kinda queasy about it. I didn’t see the
actual incident, but I ran to the scene right after. It was…” Amada shuddered.
“Maybe we should change the subject,” Yamamoto said. Amada nodded eagerly. “Um! How
about gymnastics? Are they fun?”

“Oh yes,” Kasumi said. “We love it. Right, Sumire?”
“Right…”
“Those tricks seem really tough to pull off,” Yamamoto said. “If you have a competition
soon, I would love to see it!”
“I can’t do half the stuff Kasumi does,” Sumire said self-depreciatingly.
“But you’re so much more graceful than me!” Kasumi immediately protested. “Wow, I wish I
could have half the grace you do.”
Sumire’s eyes widened slightly. “Wait. Really?”
“Yeah, have I never told you that before?” Kasumi asked. “I might be able to pull off those
tricky moves, but nobody’s going to care about that if I look stiff while doing it.”
“The judges might,” Sumire said.
“It sounds like you both have strengths and weaknesses,” Yamamoto said. “I know it’s a lot
different since my older sister is like… six years older than me, but we used to clash a lot
because of our differences. But differences are a good thing! They’re what make us unique.”
“Yeah,” Amada said. “Like in a combat team, or something. Some people are better at
holding spears twice their height and some are better using swords. The spear person
shouldn’t try to use a sword. Not because they can’t, but because they’re a lot more effective
with the spear. You know?”
“That was a very specific example,” Yamamoto said with a side-eye toward Amada. “But
yeah! My point exactly.”
“Focus on differences…” Sumire muttered. But she and Kasumi shared everything.
“Coach is always saying that you should try different moves than me,” Kasumi said.
Kasumi was right, but Sumire couldn’t stop the instinctive push-back that came with the
advice. It felt like an underhanded way of telling Sumire she wasn’t good enough.
But… maybe Sumire really was suited for a different style of gymnastics. Maybe.
“I’ll think about it,” Sumire said.

“Self-defense?!” Arisato exclaimed indignantly in the principal's office. “You’re seriously
letting Kamoshida get away with this?”
“Now, Arisato,” Kobayakawa said sternly. “Sakamoto broke Kamoshida-san’s nose. It’s only
natural that Kamoshida react out of instinct.”

Suguru quickly forced his smirk down to a reluctant frown. “I had no intention of hurting
Sakamoto so badly. How is he doing?”
“Not well,” Arisato said shortly.
“Of course, it goes without saying that Sakamoto has lost track privileges,” Kobayakawa
said. “We cannot allow any delinquents to tarnish the reputation of our sports teams.”
Arisato’s jaw worked back and forth, obviously still furious with Suguru.
“It’s such a shame,” Suguru said, tutting. “I heard he had such a promising future in the
field.”
“Maybe he still would if you hadn’t compared him to his abusive father,” Arisato said, his
voice shaking.
“Arisato-san,” Kobayakawa said warningly. “This incident has made me wonder if the track
team has any place in this school. We can’t have them all attacking poor Kamoshida-san.”
“That’s not necessary,” Arisato said immediately. “The rest of the team isn’t responsible for
Sakamoto’s actions.”
“But if you spread such negative opinions about Kamoshida, I’m afraid they might all be
moved to violence,” Kobayakawa said sadly.
Suguru watched the battle behind Arisato’s eyes, but by the time it was over, it was obvious
who had won.
“If you’re so insistent on letting this… injustice be, fine,” Arisato spat. “Care more about
your reputation than the wellbeing of your students. I’ll keep my… opinions in check. But
know that Kirijo’s donations to this school will be far less generous as long as you let
Kamoshida teach.”
“I am not so weak that I would abandon my principles for the sake of money,” Kobayakawa
said pleasantly. “Make sure you control that temper of yours, Arisato-san. You’re an excellent
coach. I’d hate to give up on your team entirely.”

“Hey, hey, Yusuke,” Futaba said over the phone after inviting Yusuke to her house for the
tenth time. He rejected every time. It was absurd! “What’s so important that you resist the call
of free curry?”
“As delicious as Boss’s curry tastes, I am afraid that I have duties to my own sensei,” Yusuke
said.
“Who cares?” Futaba said. “Don’t you have any free time?”
“I am in the middle of some important projects that I cannot ignore,” Yusuke insisted. “The
balance of school and unrestricted passion is no simple task–”

“Fine,” Futaba sighed. “You’ve left me with no choice.”
Yusuke’s voice was rightfully cautious as he said, “What do you mean?”
“I’m going to track down your atelier whether you want me to or not!” she said. “Did you
know that I’m a master hacker? I’ll track you down through your phone’s IP address alone!”
Admittedly, Futaba was a bit out of practice with her more invasive hacking skills. She had
tried to get to know people the old-fashioned way before resorting through spying and
inserting herself into group chats.
Judging by her new friendship with Yusuke, and her marvelous comradery with Goro, it was
going pretty well. Nobody had died, at least.
“That seems invasive.”
“Or you could give me the address,” Futaba said.
Hesitation. “Sensei doesn’t approve of visitors.”
“Just say that I’m your new subject!” Futaba said. “What could be more interesting than
me?”
“Many things,” Yusuke said. “Even your fashion sense is–”
“I’m going to pretend you didn’t say that,” Futaba said. “I’ll see you tomorrow!”
A sigh. “I look forward to it.”
As soon as Yusuke hung up, Futaba yanked out her phone and texted Goro.
Sakura Futaba: hey do you remember Yusuke’s address??
Akechi Goro: Kitagawa??
Sakura Futaba: the one and only
Akechi Goro: this had better be to expose madarame
Sakura Futaba: its a work in progress
Akechi Goro: just a moment
Goro texted her the street name and a vague description of what the atelier looked like.
Futaba cackled.
Acquire Yusuke’s address: complete!

“Hello!” Futaba said, knocking on the door aggressively. “It’s me, Futaba! Care to let me in?”

Yusuke finally opened the door. “Why are you here?” he asked.
“Because I’m your muse, and I brought snacks.” Futaba held up a grocery bag filled to the
brim with candy, bags of chips, and other such junk food.
“Fine,” Yusuke sighed. “Come in.”
Futaba followed Yusuke into the atelier. “This place is kind of shabby,” she observed. “I
thought famous artists made more money than this.”
“Perhaps,” Yusuke said with a warning note in his voice. “But my sensei does not care about
material things. He only cares about creating beauty through art.”
Futaba backed off. “Cool, cool,” she said. They marched into Yusuke’s painting room, and
Futaba took a peek at the piece he was working on.
It was a whirlwind of color, filled with red and orange hues. It looked like scenery, but it also
looked… angry.
“Wow,” Futaba said. “That’s pretty impressive.”
“Um, yes,” Yusuke said, looking reluctant. “Perhaps we should enjoy your snacks
elsewhere.”
They left the shack altogether. Futaba managed to drag him back to Leblanc.

Sojiro began to suspect that he would have another mouth to feed sooner rather than later.

The month before Sumire would officially start high school, she, Kasumi, and Ken were
walking to the station from their gym. It had been a particularly rough practice; despite what
Yamamoto and Ken said earlier, Sumire still desperately wanted to do the moves Kasumi did.
And no matter how much everyone insisted Sumire shouldn’t be down on herself, she
couldn’t help but to feel inferior to her seemingly perfect sister.
But that wasn’t the only thing weighing on her mind.
She gripped her umbrella tightly. The rain matched her mood exactly.
“Ken-kun,” Sumire said quietly. “We have something to tell you.”
Ken turned toward Sumire with a concerned expression. “What is it?”
“Our parents want us to go to Shujin,” Kasumi said. “They offered us the best scholarship…
and our parents didn’t believe us when we said that the faculty there weren’t the best.”

“Oh, that’s… oh,” Ken said. He hesitated before saying, “There’s nothing you can do to
change your parents’ minds?”
“We tried really hard, but they wouldn’t listen,” Sumire said glumly. “They even called the
school about what we heard from you, but the school denied it ever happening.”
“They would,” Ken said grimly. He sighed. “Well, I don’t think that teacher will be around
for much longer anyway, so just do your best to stay off his radar and hopefully you’ll be
fine.”
“Roger that!” Kasumi said. “Don’t worry, I’ll watch out for Sumire.”
“I can take care of myself, you know,” Sumire said, some of her previous irritation from
practice trickling in.
“Watch out for each other,” Ken said with a smile.
Kasumi nodded, and Sumire felt some of her frustration drain away. It was hard to stay
focused on her gymnastic performance when the students at Shujin were going through so
much.
“How do you know that he’ll be gone soon?” Sumire asked, deciding to distract herself as
they stopped at the crosswalk and waited for the light to change.
Ken shrugged. “Call it a hunch.”

It was the middle of the night, and Akira wasn’t back from Goro’s house yet.
Needless to say, Hanamura Ren was concerned. While Yosuke had spent plenty of nights out
when he was Akira’s age, that was back before Ren had known that his son had been
attempting to solve the serial murder case with his now boyfriend. Ever since that realization,
Ren had kept a far stricter curfew, which Akira did not appreciate but usually followed.
Ren called Akira, but nobody picked up the phone, only heightening his anxiety. He was
moments away from going out himself and searching for the kid when his phone started
ringing.
The number on the caller ID was not Akira’s. Ren answered it anyway.
“Hello?” Ren asked.
“Your child has been arrested for assault,” he said. “Please meet us at the station.”

Sojiro was wrong. Somehow, after extensive interviewing from the child’s parents, Sojiro
was strapped with two new mouths to feed.

Well, Kitagawa-kun wasn’t official yet. But he was showing up at Leblanc nearly every day
now. It was only a matter of time.

As soon as Goro heard that Akira was reckless enough to knowingly walk into his arrest, he
made plans to transfer schools and move to Tokyo. Akira couldn’t tell if Goro was angry,
exasperated, or just worried, but Akira found he didn’t particularly care.
“I’m not sorry,” Akira told Goro fiercely as they stood in the train speeding toward Tokyo.
“I never asked you to be,” Goro said.
“He was going to rape her,” Akira said. Goro had warned Akira about what would happen,
but Akira found he couldn’t sit by and do nothing when the time came. He just couldn’t.
“Akira,” Goro snapped. “Do you really think I’d be angry that you gave that son of a bitch a
head injury?”
Oh. Right. That guy was Goro’s father.
Akira’s memory of the night was admittedly pretty fuzzy.
As they stepped off the train, Goro requested that Akira pull out his phone. Akira obliged,
and they stared at the new app that sat on his home screen.
“And so it begins,” Goro said grimly.
Akira swallowed his dread. So it begins.

Ann couldn’t believe it was raining. She couldn’t believe she had forgotten her umbrella.
Oh well. Maybe she could use the forgotten umbrella as an excuse to be late for school.
But no. Kamoshida would be waiting for her. He always was. No matter how hard Arisato,
who seemed to be the only decent teacher to exist, tried to distract him, Kamoshida always
found a way to spend time with Ann.
Ann hated him.
“He was kind of mean,” said an approaching voice. Ann glanced in its direction. Two fair
skinned kids wearing Shujin uniforms were speaking together while walking. Neither of them
had umbrellas either, to the obvious agitation of the brunette.
“I’m sure you’ll get used to him,” the brunette said as the two slid under the awning of the
store. “He just doesn’t want you to end up like me.”
“Oh, so he doesn’t want to be the smartest person in his class.”

“Not anymore, I’m not.”
As Ann ignored them—they were probably ogling her anyway—Ann recognized
Kamoshida’s car. Her stomach sank as it pulled to a stop in front of her, and Kamoshida
rolled down the window.
“Hey,” Kamoshida said, all smiles but his eyes hungry. “Do you need a ride?”
There was no point in resisting. Kamoshida would just get mad and threaten Shiho.
Ann nodded. “Sure, thanks,” she said quietly. She opened the passenger door and slid inside.
Ann took a deep breath and rested her hands in her lap as Kamoshida glanced at the other two
students.
“Do you guys need a lift too?” he asked, probably to just keep up appearances.
The one in glasses was already shaking his head as the brunette smiled.
“I would love a lift,” he said sweetly. Without any further prompting, he opened the door and
sat in the back seat. Kamoshida’s face twitched in agitation, and Ann pretended not to be
relieved. “I can’t believe I forgot my umbrella after seeing how overcast it was.” The brunette
laughed airily. “I’m so sorry for the inconvenience.”
“It’s no trouble,” Kamoshida said, blessedly keeping his hands on the steering wheel and his
eyes on the road. “But that’s bad luck for your first day.”
“Indeed,” said the brunette. “But how did you know?”
“You’re Akechi Goro, right?” Kamoshida asked. “Your teacher mentioned you after you met
with her and the principal yesterday. I hear you have impressive grades.”
“They pale in comparison to your accomplishments, sir,” Akechi said. “Correct me if I’m
mistaken, but aren’t you the one who led Japan to volleyball victory in the Olympics?”
Oh. Fantastic. Ann was trapped with Kamoshida and one of his fans. Or, judging from
Akechi’s tone, an incurable kiss-ass.
At least Kamoshida was happy. Maybe Akechi would make him forget all about his missed
breakfast.

Akira was a little apprehensive when Goro went into the car with the suspicious teacher, but
even he didn’t expect to find a castle in place of a school. Sakura was going to kill him for
sure.
“Argh!” exclaimed Ryuji, Akira’s new friend forged through the fires of traumatic metaverse
experiences. “It’s a Monster Cat!”

“I am not a cat!” the not-cat protested, putting his paws on his hips. “My name is Morgana,
and I’m a human!”
Akira grinned, stuffing his hands into the pockets of his super cool trench coat. How come
Goro had never mentioned the super sick outfit change that came with these palaces?
Actually, Goro hadn’t described these palaces at all. Not in detail, at least. He didn’t
remember anything about Kamoshida in pink underwear and a not-cat named Morgana.
Although, he admittedly did remember something about stealing the heart of their evil gym
teacher.
“Besides,” Akira said. “Monster Cat is my cat.”
“I’m not a cat!”
“Not you,” Akira said, rolling his eyes. “Goro and I have a cat, and his name is Monster
Cat.”
“Wait, for real?” Ryuji asked.
“Yep,” Akira said.
“What sort of name is Monster Cat?” Morgana demanded. “I am offended on behalf of the
poor creature.”
“It was an accident. I wanted Go-Go Goro, but no–”
“Hide!” Morgana hissed as a shadow sentinel rounded the corner.

Rumors about Akira were running rampant during lunch period. Goro tried to keep his cool
as a student approached Niijima, who sat only a few desks away from him.
“Your sister’s a prosecutor, right?” the student asked. “Was she the one who dealt with the
new transfer student?”
“Transfer student… what’s this all about?” Niijima asked.
“You don’t know?” a nearby girl asked. “Apparently some violent criminal was transferred
here…”
“Wait, you don’t mean the new kid next to Amada-kun, do you?” asked a different student.
“Those scars do look sketchy—”
“No, no, it’s someone else…”
Goro massaged his temple and tried not to hear.

“I didn’t expect the rumors to get out of hand so quickly,” Ken said nervously. “Wasn’t his
criminal record supposed to be a secret?”
“I wonder who could have possibly leaked it,” Goro said sarcastically with an eyeroll.
Ken glowered. “Bastard.”
Goro sighed and stood up, abandoning his lunch. He wasn’t particularly hungry anyway. “I’m
going to try to find him,” he said. “He shouldn’t be dealing with this on his own.”
Ken stood up as well. “I’ll go with you.”
Both Ken and Goro went upstairs to Akira’s floor, but after checking Akira’s homeroom,
Goro found that he was nowhere in sight. Goro’s previous concern for Akira’s emotional
wellbeing quickly shifted into something deeper.
“Where the hell is he?” Goro demanded, marching up the stairs to check the third floor. Or
who knows, maybe Akira was eating lunch on the roof.
“Maybe he went to the bathroom?” Ken offered weakly.
“Are you looking for someone?” asked a voice. Goro turned his head. For a moment, he
thought he was looking at Yoshizawa Sumire, but he realized quickly that the face and hair
were different.
“Oh! Kasumi-chan!” Ken said immediately. “Yeah, we’re looking for a friend of ours.”
“Oh!” Yoshizawa Kasumi said. Goro had met the real Kasumi before, of course, but he had
never seen her reach high school. It was a strange feeling, but oddly euphoric. “Who’s your
friend? Maybe I’ve seen him.”
“Black hair, glasses?” Goro said. “He’s the new transfer student.”
“Oh, really?!” Kasumi asked. “I heard some concerning rumors about him—”
“All of which are completely baseless,” Goro snapped.
“Oh, I’m so sorry!” Kasumi bowed deeply. “I didn’t mean to assume. And no, I didn’t see
him, but I’ll ask Sumire. She’s in a different class from me, so maybe she knows.”
“Any updates are appreciated,” Ken said.
After searching practically the entire school, they still didn’t find Akira, but he did find
Minato.
“He just got back,” Minato said, looking more drained than ever. “Ryuji was with him too.
God… every time I see him, I feel sick to my stomach.”
“It wasn’t your fault,” Goro said.

Minato sighed. “That’s what Ryoji tells me too.”
“I just can’t believe it’s the first day of classes and he’s already causing trouble,” Ken said
with an amused smile. “Akira-kun’s giving you a run for your money.”
“I never caused trouble in school,” Goro said, miffed.
“No, you just ran around on your own during the Dark Hour,” Minato said. “Creating social
links with mercenaries.”
“You shut up.”
Goro finally found Akira after classes were over, standing outside of his homeroom.
“Where the hell were you?” Goro asked. “You’re on probation. You’re meant to get to school
on time.”
“Yeah, well the school turned into a castle, so it’s not my fault,” Akira said snippily.
Goro frowned and stared at Akira’s backpack. He couldn’t see a catlike bulge anywhere. And
normally Morgana was much more talkative than this.
“Don’t tell me there’s a cat in there,” he said.
“No,” Akira said defensively, holding his bag close to his body. “And that was one time!”

“Uh, who is this?” Ryuji asked. He only invited Akira to come up on the roof with him, not
two other students who Ryuji had never met. Well, maybe Ryuji had seen the short-haired
one speak to Arisato-sensei before, but Ryuji had never seen the other student. He would’ve
remembered his admittedly badass looking braid.
“The door to the roof really shouldn’t be unlocked,” braid boy said, frowning at the fence. “I
should report it to Niijima-san.”
“Dude,” Ryuji said, spinning toward Akira. “You brought a snitch?”
“He’s not a snitch,” Akira said quickly. “He’s an experienced veteran.”
“We’re both experience veterans,” the second boy hastened to add.
“The hell’s that supposed to mean?”
“I’m Akechi Goro, at your service,” Akechi said with a bow. “I’m rather familiar with
palaces and their functions.”
“And I’m Amada Ken,” said Amada. “I’m rather familiar with shadows and killing them.”
Akechi’s face went slightly pink at the obvious teasing.

“You mean the castle?” Ryuji asked, stuck on what Akechi said. He started. “Wait a minute,
that means you believe us?!”
“Of course we do,” Akechi said. “I can even tell you how to go back there.”

“Why is Arisato-sensei here?” Ryuji asked. Would they continue gathering people like this?
“I’m a friend of Goro-kun and Ken-kun,” Arisato said.
“He’s also experienced in fighting shadows,” said Akira.
“Where did you find these guys?” Ryuji demanded.
“Long story?” Akira offered with a shrug.
“Alright,” Akechi said, wasting no time. “Akira, if you open your navigation app, it should
already be recorded in your history.”
“This is so cool,” Amada muttered. “I’ve always wondered what this would be like.”
Ryuji looked over Akira’s shoulder as Akira found their past navigations. Sure enough,
Kamoshida Suguru, Shujin Academy, and Castle were logged under one location.
Akira pressed it.
“Beginning Navigation.”

Minato watched the others disappear into the void.
Minato was not dragged in alongside them.
To quote Junpei: “Well, shit.”

Goro didn’t take the news very well.
“You’re saying that I could drag hundreds of police officers into the metaverse, but Akira
couldn’t drag you in when you were standing right next to me?” he demanded.
“Pretty much,” Minato said.
“That–” Goro stopped short. “...explains why the Phantom Thieves didn’t drag half the
pedestrians of Shibuya into palaces or Mementos.”
“What’s Mementos?” Ryuji asked, as he and Akira walked up to the two of them.

“Oh, I can explain this!” said Morgana from Akira’s bag. They had dragged him out of the
metaverse with them. “You see…”

Make that three more mouths to feed. Then again, maybe a cat only counted as half a mouth.
Sojiro was still bummed he didn’t get to name him.

“I saw Igor,” Akira said on their way to school the following day. “In my sleep.”
“Did you now?” Goro asked, immediately scanning the area for Velvet Room doors. “What
did he say?”
“Technically I met him two nights ago, but I thought for sure it was a dream.” Akira
hummed. “Uh, he was kind of creepy. Talked a lot about rehabilitation.”
“Well, I think the creepy part is natural,” Goro said. “As to the rehabilitation… what did your
Velvet Room look like?”
“It’s a prison,” Akira said. “There are these twin wardens, and I’m in prison clothes…
honestly, it felt like it came out of a nightmare.”
“Twin wardens?” Goro asked, confused. What happened to Lavenza?
“If I’m completely honest,” Akira said, lowering his voice. “Igor reminded me a lot of
Nyarlathotep. I don’t know why, but I just got a bad vibe.”
Goro was still stuck on twin wardens.
“Did you see Lavenza at all?” he asked.
Akira frowned. “Who’s Lavenza?”
“She’s an attendant…”
“Oh, I remember what gave me a bad feeling,” Akira said, his voice hushed. “He said he
bestowed the metaverse navigator to me. But didn’t you mention some god of control pulling
the strings in that respect?”
Goro wanted to throw up.

“Minato,” Goro said when he had the chance at school that day. “Can you get a hold of
Elizabeth?”
“Elizabeth comes when she wants to come,” Minato said. “And I haven’t seen her in a while.
Why?”

“How long ago is a while?”
“Well… two years,” Minato said. “And all she said was that she would be gone for a long
time because of problems, and I shouldn’t worry about it.”
“Shit,” Goro said.
“Why? What’s wrong?”
“Something’s happened to the Velvet Room,” Goro said. “And I don’t think Igor is the one
sitting behind that desk.”

“Niijima-san?”
Makoto turned toward the sound of the voice. The transfer student in her class walked up to
her.
“Oh, Akechi, was it?” she asked. “What can I do for you?”
“I’m afraid I got a bit lost on my first day and found my way onto the school roof,” Akechi
said. “But isn’t there a rule against students going up there?”
“There is,” Makoto said. With the single exception being Okumura’s plants. “The door
wasn’t locked?”
“I’m afraid not,” Akechi said.
“I’ll remedy that,” Makoto said. It was somewhat unusual for a brand new student to be so
attentive to school policy, but Akechi did seem enthusiastic about following policy. “Thank
you for bringing this to my attention.”
“Of course.”

Akira had left class early, saying he wanted to make a good impression on Sojiro.
Goro stayed behind. Call it paranoia, but the idea of leaving the school while Kamoshida was
still there made him sick to his stomach. Not that there was much he and Ken could do
completely on their own.
While they lurked in the halls, however, they were able to spot Mishima call Suzui’s name.
“Kamoshida’s at the PE faculty office,” Mishima said. “He wants to meet you. Alone.”
Suzui’s face fell. “Oh.”
Ken pulled a face. Goro pulled out his phone and typed a frantic text.

Akechi Goro: you might want to settle in the PE faculty office. Kamoshida’s taken up
residence there
Arisato Minato: on my way
As Mishima walked away, Goro walked up to Suzui.
“You’re Suzui-kun, correct?” he asked.
“Um, yes,” Suzui said, not making eye contact.
Goro smiled in fake relief. “Thank god I’ve found you. Your friend, Takamaki? She really
wanted to speak to you.”
Suzui looked away. “Tell her I’ll talk to her later,” she said.
“It’s very important,” Ken insisted. “Was it something about wanting to get a cat? I think she
saw the cat in Hanamura’s desk.”
“Hanamura?” Suzui asked.
“The transfer student everyone’s talking about,” Goro said, grabbing onto Ken’s story. “You
know he’s a criminal because he brings a cat to school and nobody bothers to call attention to
it.”
The tiniest glimmer of a smile formed on Suzui’s face. “Really? A cat?”
“Yes.” Goro fished through his photo album on his phone and pulled up a photo Akira took of
Morgana pressed inside his desk. “See?”
“Aww,” Suzui said. “He’s so cute.” Her expression shuttered. “But I really have to speak to
Kamoshida-sensei. It’s… about my position on the team.”
“And?” Ken asked. “We all know he’s only going to hurt you.”
Suzui flinched. “That’s not–”
“Is your position in volleyball really more important than your wellbeing?” Goro demanded.
“Than your happiness?”
“I don’t… Volleyball’s all I’m good at,” Suzui said.
“That is so not true,” Ken said fiercely.
“You’re good at being a friend,” Goro said. “Ann wouldn’t want you to get hurt.”
“Ah, Suzui, there you are!”
All three of them froze as Kamoshida approached them. Minato must have successfully
driven him out of the faculty office, but that just sent him on the hunt himself.

“I’ve been looking everywhere for you,” Kamoshida said. He frowned when he saw Goro.
“You again?”
“Oh, I’m so sorry, Kamoshida-sensei!” Goro said, bowing deeply. “I just came to deliver the
news to Suzui. Her mother suddenly collapsed. We have to go to the hospital right away.”
“My, that does sound serious,” Kamoshida said. He raised an inquisitive eyebrow at Suzui.
“Is her condition critical?”
“Oh, u-um,” Suzui glanced at Goro. “Yes! It’s very serious. I need to see her. Right away.”
Not the most convincing performance, but they were standing in a school hallway still
populated with students. Surely Kamoshida couldn’t push back too much.
“Is that right?” Kamoshida asked slowly. “In that case, you had better get moving, Suzuichan.”
Goro, Ken, and Suzui both bowed and began to head for the stairs.
“Akechi-kun?” Kamoshida asked, stopping them in their tracks. “I would like a word with
you for a moment. Alone.”
Suzui’s eyes were terrified as she stared at Akechi, but Goro only smiled.
“Go to your mother, Suzui-san,” he said. “I’ll be fine.”
Suzui gave him a fleeting glance before sprinting down the stairs. Ken stayed, staring at Goro
with a hard expression.
“Get Minato,” Goro mouthed.
Ken looked like he wanted to argue, but—
“You know, I don’t actually have all day,” Kamoshida said sharply.
Ken nodded once and ran down the stairs. Goro turned toward Kamoshida.
“You wanted to speak to me?” Goro asked.
“Let’s go somewhere a little more private,” Kamoshida said, grabbing Goro firmly by the
arm.
He dragged Goro to an empty classroom. Kamoshida shoved him forward, and Goro nearly
stumbled into the teacher’s desk.
Kamoshida locked the doors, and Goro’s stomach tightened. He resisted the urge to bolt.
“I know you’re new around here,” Kamoshida said, putting his hands on his hips. He stood in
front of the locked door, as if to emphasize how trapped Goro was. “So maybe you don’t
understand how things work.”

“I’m not sure what you mean,” Goro lied.
“In this school, I am the one in charge,” Kamoshida said. “And that means, if I want some
private time with Suzui, I will be given that time without any hesitation.”
“Assault is a crime, Kamoshida-san,” Goro said quietly.
Kamoshida stepped forward. “Do you really think playing the hero will help anyone in the
end? It certainly won’t help you. You’re a bright kid, Akechi-kun. I’m willing to forgive this
infraction upon my precious time as long as you promise to never interfere with my personal
business ever again.”
“It will be a cold day in hell before that happens,” Goro snarled.
Kamoshida’s face flashed with rage. He dropped all pretense of politeness. “You know?”
Kamoshida asked. “I was kind of hoping you would say that.” He took another step forward,
forcing Goro to take a step back.
“I’ve been looking forward to letting off some steam all day long,” Kamoshida said. “Then
Takamaki ignored me, and Suzui ran off thanks to your efforts. The other girls on the team
aren’t anywhere near their level, and while you have a pretty enough face, you’re really just
not my type.”
Goro dodged the first punch. Kamoshida stumbled forward, open-mouthed as Goro sprinted
for the door.
Kamoshida seized him by the back of his shirt and threw him into the desks. Goro barely
managed to gasp for breath before Kamoshida landed a punch in his temple.
“Yeah,” Kamoshida said. “I’m going to enjoy breaking it.”
Goro clutched onto the side of a desk to stay standing. It was like Adachi all over again. At
least Kamoshida didn’t have a gun… His head pounded. But no… someone was literally
pounding on the door. Kamoshida gave pause, glancing behind him.
“Kamoshida-sensei!” Minato shouted, sounding angrier than Goro had ever heard him.
“Open the door right now, or I’ll call the cops!”
“Tch.” Kamoshida glared at the door and punched Goro in the gut. Goro collapsed onto the
ground, trying to find air in his lungs. He half-expected Kamoshida to keep going, but
instead, he marched up to the door and unlocked it, sliding it open.
Minato and Ken stood on the other side. Minato’s eyes widened upon making eye-contact
with Goro. Ken looked ready to punch Kamoshida in the face, but fortunately, he knew better.
“Ah, Amada-kun, you’re here too.” Kamoshida’s voice was full of false cheer. “I’m afraid
this is all just a big misunderstanding. Akechi-kun here needed some help after coming
across some street thugs outside of school.”

“Is that right?” Minato said quietly. “And I suppose that’s why he’s hunched on the floor,
looking like an Olympic athlete took a few punches at him.”
Goro couldn’t see Kamoshida’s face from where he sat, but he sucked in a breath when
Kamoshida grabbed Minato by his shirt. Minato didn’t even flinch.
“Kirijo or no, I am going to get your ass fired if it’s the last thing I do,” Kamoshida hissed.
“And that’s a promise.”
“Not if you get fired first,” Ken said, stupid and angry and probably high off of seeing
Kamoshida’s palace for the first time.
For a terrifying moment, Goro expected Kamoshida to punch Ken too, but Minato stepped in
front of him before that can happen.
“I think I have things handled from here,” Minato said. “You look tired. Maybe you should
go home and rest.”
Kamoshida scoffed and stormed off. Ken immediately sprinted into the room and crouched
down in front of Goro.
“Oh my god, are you okay?” he asked. “I’m so sorry, I tried to go as fast as I could—”
“Ken.” Goro raised a hand. “I’m fine.”
“We should get you checked out for a concussion,” Minato said, helping Goro to his feet.
“And try to mitigate the bruising. Ken, can you get some ice packs?”
Ken bit his lip and nodded. “Sure.”
It’s not until all three of them were back in Ryoji and Minato’s apartment that Goro was able
to relax. Ryoji offered to make him hot chocolate, and Goro slumped into the couch cushions
next to Ken. His head still hurt, but he didn’t think he had a concussion.
“Thank you,” he said quietly. “For getting help.”
“That’s what friends are for, right?” Ken asked, smiling slightly.
Goro returned the gesture. “Right.”

Shiho finally answered her phone.
“Ann?” Shiho asked, her voice trembling.
“Shiho!” Ann said, letting out a sigh of relief. She herself was still feeling a little weepy since
her confession to Hanamura. “Are you okay?”
“Yeah, I…” Shiho hesitated. “Can we talk?”

They met at Ann’s house. Shiho explained Kamoshida’s request to see Shiho, as well as his
pursuit after her in the hall.
Understanding hit Ann like a sack of bricks. That was the true consequence for Ann rejecting
Kamoshida’s advances.
Kamoshida would just find somebody else.
“Don’t go to school tomorrow,” Ann said. “Pretend you’re sick or something.”
Shiho’s eyes widened. “But… I can’t hide from school forever. My parents won’t allow it.”
“I know, I know, I’ll…” Ann chewed on her lip and tugged at one of her pigtails. “I’ll figure
something out. But I don’t want you anywhere near Kamoshida.”
“What about you?”
Ann smiled. “I’ll be okay. He’ll probably have calmed down by tomorrow anyway, right?”
“Maybe.” Shiho’s eyes filled with tears. “But… but what are you going to do? We both saw
him hurt Sakamoto, and so did a teacher, and even then–”
Shiho burst into heaving sobs. Ann opened her mouth to comfort her.
But she burst into a fresh set of tears herself.

“Holy shit,” Ryuji said upon seeing the one bandage on Goro’s face. “What happened to
you?”
“Take your best guess,” Goro said sarcastically.
“Kamoshida,” Ryuji said. “That bastard.”
“I’ll heal,” Goro said, choosing not to mention that his black eye was hidden beneath copious
layers of concealer. It still hurt somewhat, but he wasn’t about to let Kamoshida think he
won. “But if we’re going to change his heart, we need to act as soon as possible.”
“Agreed,” Morgana said.
They entered the metaverse, but Morgana stopped them before they infiltrated the palace.
“Wait a sec,” he said. “We have to decide on code names.”
“Code names?” Ryuji asked. “Why?”
Morgana explained the necessity of hiding your true name from the cognition of palace
rulers. The group swiftly decided on Joker, Mona, and Skull.
“What should I be?” Ken asked.

Ken reawakened to Kala-Nemi when entering Kamoshida’s palace, and his metaverse outfit
was very reminiscent of his old SEES uniform. Underneath the black trench coat, Ken wore a
dark red suit that made him look like he was getting ready to go to one of Mitsuru’s fancy
dinner parties. His white mask was jagged but didn’t cover much of his face.
“Hm…” Morgana mused.
“How about Tuxedo Mask?” Akira asked with a smirk.
Ken rolled his eyes. “Hilarious.”
“Tux might not be bad, though,” Ryuji said. “Or butler?”
“Or it could be color-based,” Morgana said. “Crimson?”
“That’s not a bad idea,” Ken acquiesced. “What about Rouge? It’s French, but it sounds a bit
like the English word rogue.”
“Since when were you tri-lingual?” Goro asked.
“I’ve been spending too much time with Mitsuru,” Ken admitted.
“Alright! Rouge it is!” Ryuji turned to Goro and raised his eyebrows appraisingly. “What
about you?”
Goro glanced down at his metaverse outfit. While he could still change outfits at will, when
he reawakened Baldur the other day, he found himself wearing an outfit completely
unfamiliar to him. He wore black armor plating on a light gold shirt and pants, and a red cape
was fastened to his chest plate. His mask was also gold, its edges shaped like flames.
“Crow?” Goro asked weakly, not particularly wanting to change his metaverse name.
“Crow?” Ryuji demanded. “The hell you’d get that from?”
Akira wore a mischievous grin that Goro did not have a good feeling about. “If you want to
stick to the bird theme, what about Phoenix? Rising from the ashes and all that, right?”
Oh yes, Akira. Very clever.
“Isn’t that a bit cliché?” Goro asked exasperatedly.
“No, it’s perfect,” Ken said, the traitor.
“I mean, you do have that fire theme with your mask,” Ryuji agreed.
“Phoenix…” Morgana said with a nod. “I like it.”
“Please?” Akira asked. “Pretty please?”
Goro sighed in defeat. “Fine.”

Akira pumped his arms in the air and jumped ridiculously. “Yay!”
“Dude, it’s just a codename,” Ryuji said.
“It’s never just a codename,” Akira said. “Its an excellent code name.”
“Why?” Morgana asked.
Akira’s expression became smug. “You’ll find out later.”
Ken burst out laughing. Goro sighed again for good measure.
“Wait,” Akira said before they infiltrated the palace. “Goro—uh, Phoenix, whoever you are. I
want to show you something.”
Goro raised his eyebrows but followed Akira to a nondescript spot in front of the palace.
Akira seemed to be looking at something in particular, but Goro couldn’t see anything out of
place.
“You would like to show me…” Goro said promptingly.
Akira’s shoulders slumped. “You don’t see it?”
“Nothing out of the ordinary, no. Why? What do you see?”
“The Velvet Room door,” Akira said. “I thought you were a wildcard. Shouldn’t you be able
to see it too?”
“I should, yes,” Goro said tersely. “Clearly the Igor imposter does not wish to see me in
there.”
“But that’s bad, isn’t it?” Akira said worriedly. “First, we can’t bring in most of your friends
with the weird exception of Ken, and now you can’t access most of your personas? What are
you going to do?”
“Make do with what I have, I suppose,” Goro said, but even he felt uneasy at the idea. He’d
grown very accustomed to having a large library of personas and skills to choose from. “It’s
not ideal, but I’ve fought with your team with only Robin Hood in the past. Having access to
four personas is certainly better than nothing.”
Akira opened his mouth to say something, but he paused suddenly, tilting his head toward the
empty space where the door theoretically was.
“What is it?”
“Oh, uh, Caroline is talking to me,” Akira said. “One of the twins. She wanted to know what
you meant when you talked about Igor—”
“I was just being ridiculous,” Goro interrupted, grabbing Akira’s arm. “Your Master is
certainly genuine.”

Goro dragged Akira away before Akira could ask further questions.
“What was that about?” Akria asked, yanking his arm from Goro’s grasp and staring at him
quizzically.
“I was careless,” Goro said. “But I’m not sure confronting the fake Igor at this point in time
is our best move. While Ken and I certainly hold a great deal of power, we should probably
wait until we have a larger team at our disposal to even attempt to confront him.”
“That’s fair, I guess,” Akira said. “Still, it makes me nervous to have to fuse personas with
that guy watching me.”
“I’m sorry,” Goro said. “You can try to make do with just forming contracts with the shadows
you see in palaces.”
“True…” Akira sighed. “Well, we’ll see. At least we know we can beat the guy in the end,
right?”
“There is a certain degree of assurance there, yes,” Goro said. “But don’t get careless. While
I wasn’t there personally, I’m sure there were a number of close calls when the Phantom
Thieves fought him the first time.”
“Right.” Akira took a deep breath. “Right. Well, in any case, that’s future Akira’s problem.
Let’s focus on kicking Kamoshida’s ass for now.”
“Are you done worrying about the politics of the weird blue butterfly world?” Ken asked.
“Can we go?”
“The what in the what now?” Morgana demanded.

“Your concealer job is really impressive,” Ann told Goro after she joined the team.
“And yet you were still able to see it,” Goro said. They had just finished infiltrating
Kamoshida’s palace. “Don’t you have a calling card to worry about?”
Ann wasn’t swayed. “You’re not… used to concealing bruises,” she asked. “Are you? I know
this time it was Kamoshida, but…”
“I used makeup frequently in a different part of my life,” Goro said dismissively. “Please
don’t worry about me. My home situation is fine.”
Goro and Akira agreed they would bring up the time travel only after the entire team was
formed. It spared Goro from giving the speech ten times.
“Huh,” Ann said.
“Go write the calling card,” Goro said. “Give him hell.”

Ann smiled viciously. “Oh, I will.”
Goro never felt so vindicated when Ryuji posted their calling card all over the school. And
when they confronted Kamoshida in his palace, subduing a shadow had never been so
satisfying.

“Yusuke, this is Akira,” Futaba said. “Akira, this is Yusuke.”
Futaba only really knew Akira because she was friends with Goro, but he seemed nice
enough. Over the years he’d grown more and more out of his shell and was willing to
contribute to Futaba’s long ramblings about the most recent seasons of Featherman.
Right now, her quest was to get Yusuke more friends.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you,” Yusuke said. “Do you work at this establishment?”
“No,” Akira said. “I live here.”
“Live here?” Yusuke asked, astounded. “Don’t tell me you’re Futaba’s older brother?!”
Akira laughed. “Not at all.”
“Yet,” Futaba said. “He’s gotten pretty decent at making coffee, though, and he’s only been
here for a week.”
“Just over a week, actually,” Akira said. “And apparently I don’t roast the beans to their full
potential.”
“Well, you cannot become a master in a fortnight,” Yusuke said. “To develop a skill as artful
as Boss’ coffee making takes months, perhaps even years of effort.”
“Comforting,” Akira said.
“Well said,” Futaba told Yusuke. Then, because she found absolute honesty to be more
productive when dealing with Yusuke, said, “I think you two should be friends.”
“That’s a bit abrupt,” Yusuke said, at this point used to Futaba’s antics.
“You only have one friend, and I’m not even your age,” Futaba pointed out, wagging her
finger at Yusuke. “You need friends your own age.”
“Very well,” Yusuke sighed. “If it is alright with you, I will go along with this friendship
scheme.”
Akira shrugged. “Sounds good to me,” he said. “There’s a planetarium nearby, right? You
want to check it out?”

Ryuji had a feeling that he was going to be remembered for one line the entire year.
“Who is this?” he demanded, staring at the red-haired child who was smiling at him like she
planned on finding his most embarrassing secret and revealing it to the entire world. When
the Phantom Thieves agreed to celebrate Kamoshida’s defeat at a fancy restaurant, they never
mentioned any words about random middle schoolers.
Akira smiled. “This is Futaba. She wanted food.”
“And I’m not in middle school!” Futaba said, clearly stealing Ryuji’s thoughts straight from
his brain. Ryuji took a precautionary step away from her.
“Can thirty thousand yen pay for all six of us?” Ann asked reluctantly. “This place is really
expensive.”
“Also, this is a Phantom Thieves celebration,” Ryuji said. Goro elbowed him.
“We’re in public,” Goro hissed.
“It’s alright,” Futaba said. “I already know. As a matter of fact, I would like to join you
guys.”
“Does the whole world know about us?” Morgana demanded. “You should be more careful
with your secret, Akira!”
Akira shrugged.
“Um… aren’t you a little young?” Ann asked.
“I’m fifteen!” Futaba protested. “Goro-kun and Ken-kun started fighting evil when they were
ten!”
Ryuji and Ann stared at him. Goro sighed.
“That’s an oversimplification,” he said. “And it’s not something I actually recommend.”
“Definitely not,” Ken agreed.
“You know what?” Ryuji said. “I’m not going to ask. Instead, I’m going to pretend that you
submitted an application form, and we’ll get back to you later.”
“Fair enough,” Futaba said. “Now let’s get to eating, shall we?”
“What about the bill?” Ann asked.
“Don’t worry about it,” Akira said. “We’ve got a lot of money from the metaverse. It won’t
be an issue.”
“Besides, Mitsuru can help if we end up running out of money,” Ken said. Goro gave him a
kinda scary look, and Ken put his hands up placatingly. “Which, of course, we won’t.”

Somehow, Ken, Ryuji, Akira, and Futaba ended up having an eating contest with each other.
Akira was rather adept from his rainy-day beef bowl days, but even he ended up hunched
over the table with the others, looking sick to his stomach.
“This is what happens when you eat too much,” Goro said.
“You shut up,” Ken muttered, clutching his stomach.
“I have been… defeated…” Futaba said.
“Shut up…” Ryuji groaned. He burped and jumped to his feet. “Gotta go to the bathroom.
Stat.”
The other three ran after him.
Goro sighed and stood up as well. “Ken has a good head on his shoulders, but I should make
sure those three don’t accidentally insult a powerful person… again,” he said. “Watch the
food?”
Ann nodded with a thumbs up. “You’ve got it!”
Somehow, everyone made it to the bathroom without puking all over the nice floors.
“Did you really have to come babysit us?” Ryuji asked as they walked up to the elevator.
“It’s nothing against you,” Goro said, glancing around warily. “This type of place attracts
powerful people. The kind of people who hate to be insulted.”
“He’s a worrywart,” Akira said.
Futaba nodded. “So true! He used to text me every day to make sure things were going well
with Sojiro–”
The guests stepped away from the elevator. Goro glanced to his right, and a familiar flash of
rage punched him in the gut. He grabbed Ryuji by his hood and yanked him backwards.
“Get out of the way,” he snarled, more aggressively than he intended.
Akira automatically stepped in front of Futaba as Shido and his lackeys approached the
elevator doors. Ken’s eyes widened, and he grabbed Goro’s arm tightly, as if he was afraid
Goro would launch himself at Shido. As if Goro would be so irrational.
“Wait a minute…” Akira muttered.
“Not now,” Goro snapped. He was a rubber band pulled too taut, and Goro was afraid that if
anyone applied more pressure, he would snap.

“There’s still no update on the case?” Shido asked, confident and powerful. He didn’t glance
in Goro’s direction.
“N-not yet… Excuse me, but why are you so involved? It’s not something you should be
concerned with.”
“I don’t care about your opinion, you incompetent buffoon! When I say pick up the pace, you
do it!”
Bile burned Goro's throat. Akira gave him a concerned look.
“What’s your problem?” Ryuji asked, angry and unaware of the full extent of their situation.
“Shut up,” Ken hissed.
One nameless man in a suit turned toward Ryuji. “What do you want?”
“Nothing,” Goro said immediately. “I’m so sorry for my friend’s rudeness, sir.”
“Oh, so they can butt in front of other people–”
“Ryuji,” Akira said quietly.
Shido glanced passively at Ryuji before narrowing his eyes at Goro. His gaze lingered before
he turned away.
“It seems the customer base has changed since I was here last,” Shido said. “Have they
started a daycare?”
Shido and his men stepped into the elevator. Ryuji fumed.
“What was that guy’s problem?” he demanded.
“Um, that was Shido Masayoshi,” Futaba said, stepping out from behind Akira. “You
know… the super popular politician? He got Akira on probation, donated sperm to Akechi’s
mom, wanted to kill my mom, and is generally the worst.”
Ryuji and Morgana’s dumbstruck expressions matched.

“Now, if we’re gonna be official Phantom Thieves, we’re going to need a proper hide-out,”
Morgana said a few days later. “No more lurking in alleyways and empty classrooms
whispering plans to each other.”
Akira raised his hand. “We can use my room.”
“Your room?” Ann asked skeptically. “Won’t someone hear you?”
“Nope,” Akira said confidently. “When Sojiro asked me if I wanted to live in the attic space
above Leblanc or the guest bedroom in his house, I chose the attic space.”

“He gave you an option?” Goro asked, flabbergasted.
“You chose the freaking attic?!” Ryuji asked at the same time.
“Okay, well, he phrased it more like a joke,” Akira admitted, rubbing the back of his neck. “I
think he said ‘I have a guest bedroom for you, or I guess you can take the attic’, and then I
interrupted him and said I really wanted the attic. He was really surprised.”
“Why?” Morgana asked. “You mean this whole time I could be in a properly insulated
house?”
“Think about it this way,” Akira said. “The perfect privacy for secret phantom thief
meetings.”
“Uh, what about the guests at the coffee shop?” Ken asked.
Akira waved his hands dismissively. “Don’t worry. The place doesn’t get a lot of traffic, and
sound doesn’t travel dramatically from the attic to the café. As long as we’re not shouting at
the top of our lungs, we should be fine.”
“It’s better than lurking suspiciously in Shibuya Station,” Goro pointed out.
“I guess you have a point there,” Ann said reluctantly.
“Alright!” Ryuji said pumping his fist. “New secret location is—”
“Could you please keep your voice down?” Goro asked exhaustedly.
“Oops, sorry,” Ryuji said, whispering. “New secret hideout is Akira’s attic bedroom.”
“I’m glad that worked out so well,” Morgana said. “You know, sometimes, I wonder if you
knew all about this from the start.”
Ken broke into a set of hacking coughs.

“Who is this?” Morgana asked with disgust, perched on Akira’s desk and regarding Akira
with a look of incredulity.
“It’s Monster Cat,” Akira said, holding up Monster Cat closer to Morgana. “You know, the
one I told you about earlier?”
“Why have you brought that mangy creature into your home?”
Monster Cat meowed, and Akira hugged him to his chest defensively. “Monster Cat is very
well-groomed,” he said. “And he’s my cat, of course I get to take care of him some days.
Especially now that Sojiro can’t claim animals aren’t allowed, so thank you for that.”
Morgana looked horrified at having opened the door for another cat to stay at Leblanc.

“Hmph, well, as long as Monster Cat knows who’s in charge,” Morgana huffed. “I guess it’s
fine.”
Monster Cat meowed again. Akira set him on the ground, and Monster Cat immediately
jumped onto the bed next to Morgana.
“You’re not sleeping on Akira’s chest at nights,” Morgana told Monster Cat strictly. “That is
my spot.”
Monster Cat meowed.
“Morgana…” Akira said slowly. “Are you jealous of my cat?”
“What?! No!” Morgana sputtered, his tail sticking up in the air. “That would be ridiculous!”
“Oh, that’s good,” Akira said. “Because you have nothing to be jealous of. You and Monster
Cat both bring very different skillsets to the table.”
“What skillsets?” Morgana demanded. “He’s just a cat!”
“Uh, for one, I can pet the Monster Cat, and Monster Cat sits in my laps at random times, and
sometimes on my computer keyboard—”
“He sounds like a menace,” Morgana said.
“But he’s a lovable menace,” Akira cooed scratching Monster Cat underneath the chin. “Isn’t
that right? Aren’t you a menace?”
Monster Cat began to purr, and Morgana made yet another noise of envious disgust.

“I can’t believe Shujin cares enough about the students to give us a counselor,” Akira said as
they walked back from the school assembly together.
“They’re probably just doing it to protect their reputations,” Ann said viciously.
“Man,” Morgana said. “I know we met this way, but this really is a crappy school. Why do
any of you guys go here?”
“All schools are shitty,” Ryuji said. “And this was the one our parents decided to pay for.”
“I just felt like coming here,” Ken lied with a shrug.
“This was the only one that would accept me,” Akira said. “Criminal record, remember?”
“I was following him,” Goro said.
“Ah, right,” Morgana said.

Shiho, who tagged along with the group at school due to her friendship with Ann, giggled
with a slightly incredulous look on her face. “Are you talking to the cat?”
“He’s a very intelligent cat,” Akira said.
“I’m not a cat!”
“I can’t believe you get away with bringing him to school,” Goro said.
“What can I say? The person who sits behind me is a bro,” Akira said.
“And definitely knows you’re a Phantom Thief,” Morgana sighed. “Why do we even
bother?”
“Oh no, hide him!” Shiho said as a teacher approached. Morgana ducked back into Akira’s
bag.
No, not a teacher, Goro realized. Fucking Maruki.
“Hey there,” Maruki said, friendly as ever. “Sakamoto-kun, Takamaki-san, and Suzui-san,
right? That must make you three Akechi-kun, Amada-kun, and Hanamura-kun.”
“How do you know our names?” Ryuji demanded.
“Well, I was informed of certain students before beginning my tenure here,” Maruki said. He
ducked his head. “Those who had, uh… previous interactions with Kamoshida.”
“Oh,” Shiho said.
“What do you want?” Ann asked.
“Ah, right,” Maruki said, brightening. “I know I already offered my services to the student
body earlier. But would you six be interested in counseling?”
“Nope, not at all,” Ryuji said.
Maruki made a noise of alarm.
“What my friend means to say,” Goro said firmly. “We are handling things fine on our own.”
“Yeah, and I’ve already been to therapy,” Ken said.
“Wait, you have?” Goro asked, vaguely startled at the information.
Ken nodded. “Yeah. With Aigis.”
You know, maybe that wouldn’t be a half-bad idea. As far as Goro was aware, Aigis wasn’t
likely to rewrite reality.
“Well…” Shiho said reluctantly. “Maybe it wouldn’t be that bad.”

“I understand your reluctance,” Maruki said. “But if you come to my office, I’ll have
snacks.”
“I like snacks,” Akira said, nodding.
“Don’t go along with it that easily,” Ann protested. She crossed her arms. “Let me guess.
We’re sad victims of Kamoshida, so we’re required to talk to you to make the school look
better.”
Maruki’s face fell. “You got me. The school’s explicitly told me to provide counseling to any
students involved with Mr. Kamoshida. It’s in the school’s best interests… for its students.”
Yeah, right.
“And that includes us, how?” Goro asked, gesturing between himself, Ken, and Akira.
“Amada-kun was a vocal witness to Kamoshida’s abuse, which is why I know your name,
Amada-kun, but you’re not actually required to go to counseling.”
Ken blinked. “Oh. Nice?”
Maruki exhaled heavily. “However, we’re aware that Kamoshida-san forced Mishima-san to
leak Hanamura’s criminal record,” Maruki said. “And Arisato-sensei testified as to
Kamoshida’s… rough handling of you, Akechi-kun. Kamoshida confirmed it, when asked.”
“Fantastic,” Goro said.
“I really don’t want to make this mandatory for you,” Maruki said. “It wouldn’t do you any
good that way. Oh, I know!”
Maruki proceeded to try his hardest to convince them to be happy that they were being forced
to trauma-dump to a stranger.
“I’ll give it a shot,” Akira said.
Goro gave him an incredulous look as Ryuji sighed.
“I guess we’ll get more in trouble if we don’t do it,” Ryuji said reluctantly.
“It might even be good for you,” said Morgana from within Akira’s bag, the ignorant fool.
“Was that… a cat?” Maruki asked.
“No,” everyone said in unison.

“I can fix him,” Akira told Goro later in the safety of his attic bedroom.
“You did not just say that unironically,” said Futaba, who was setting up a video game on
Akira’s terrible television.

“How are you planning on fixing him?” Goro asked.
“I’ll tell him all the reasons brainwashing people is a bad thing,” Akira said. “It’ll be fine.”
Goro rolled his eyes and grabbed the other controller. Futaba had challenged him a few
minutes before. “I highly doubt that.”
“I mean… we’ve fixed other stuff,” Ken pointed out from the seat at Akira’s desk. “And he
seems kind of nice—”
“Trust me,” Goro said shortly. “Looks can be deceiving.”
“What are you talking about?” Morgana asked.
The four of them spoke at the same time. “Don’t worry about it.”

“Would you consider being my muse?” was the first thing Yusuke said to Ann when she and
Ryuji entered Leblanc.
“Seriously?!” cried Futaba. “You want to paint her more than you want to paint me?”
Yusuke was too distracted to hear Ann’s stuttering response.
After warding off Futaba’s protests, he invited Ann to Madarame’s gallery. As soon as he left,
Futaba grinned.
“You’re changing that guy’s heart next, right?
“Yusuke?” Ryuji asked. “Um, sure…?”
“She’s talking about Madarame,” Akira said.
Ann frowned at the card in her hand. “Why do you ask?”
“Because he’s the worst,” Futaba said. “He doesn’t feed Yusuke enough, and he plagiarizes
Yusuke’s art. That’s why Yusuke isn’t allowed to do commissions or show off his work,
because then I might get suspicious. But whenever I bring it up, Yusuke dances around the
issue.”
“Asshole,” Ryuji muttered. “Yeah, let’s get him.”
“Wait!” Morgana protested. “We don’t have nearly enough details yet! And we have to make
a unanimous decision!”
“All in favor of changing Madarame’s heart, raise your hand,” Akira said without hesitation.
Everybody raised their hands.
Morgana sighed. “Ugh, fine. But only after we have All the facts.”

“In that case… I guess it’s time to hunt for some information?” Ken asked, clapping his
hands together. “Where do we even start?”
“I don’t suppose you could just take my word for it?” Goro said. “Look, I’ll even put his
palace into the metanav for everyone, and we can ask his shadow ourselves.”
“What?! You mean you already know what his palace is?” Morgana asked.
“Madarame Ichiryusai… the address for Yusuke’s shack… Museum,” Goro said out loud as
he typed in the information.
“Candidate found,” said the app. “Beginning navigation.”
“Wait, wait, don’t—” Morgana shouted in alarm.
Goro blinked. They stood in a very ill-defined part of Tokyo. The café was gone entirely, and
the buildings around them didn’t reflect the real Yogen-Jaya at all.
“I… forgot the app did that,” Goro said, feeling his face get hot. “That was… incredibly
careless of me.”
“We are so lucky Sojiro was running errands,” Akira said. “And that there were no guests.
The stars really aligned for that blunder.”
“Uh… how were we even able to enter?” Futaba asked, wearing a very familiar metaverse
outfit. “We’re not even close to Yusuke’s place—”
“I don’t know—wait! What are you wearing?! Since when did you have a persona?!” Ryuji
demanded.
“Oh, um… hm, how do I put this?” Futaba mused, tapping her foot against the ground.
“I don’t know,” Goro asked. “How do you put this?”
“Well, you see, one day, you were going to Mementos, so I maybe followed Akira-kun there,
and then I kinda accidentally on purpose got dragged in with you, and then I was left behind
by the Monabus and was kinda just wandering the subways, and then a shadow cornered me,
and I remembered that Mementos almost killed my mom, except that it would totally have
been stupid Shido’s fault, and then I sort of maybe-kinda summoned a super cool persona?”
“Woah,” Ken said. “That’s quite the story.”
“But now you have to let me on the team!” Futaba said, clasping her hands together in a
begging motion. “Please, please, please, please? I have super cool navigation skills!”
“I say yes,” Ann said immediately.
“I mean… you do have a persona now,” Ryuji said reluctantly, “so I can’t really think of a
reason why you can’t…”

“You’re the leader, Joker,” Morgana said, his paws on his hips. “It’s your call.”
Akira hesitated before giving a small nod. “Alright, sure, why not?”
Futaba leapt into the air with a high-pitched shriek. “Yes!” she cheered. “Thank you, thank
you, thank you!”
“Now that that’s sorted out, I suggest we return to the real world,” Goro said. “But we can’t
do it here on the off chance someone’s entered Leblanc in the time we’ve been gone.”
“Oh yeah, speaking of, why does this place look so different from the real Yogen-Jaya?”
Ryuji demanded, turning to Morgana.
“This place is based on Madarame’s cognition, remember?” Morgana asked. “Madarame
must never go here, so while he knows this place is a part of Tokyo, he has no clue as to what
its actual layout is.”
“Here’s for hoping we don’t clip through a wall,” Futaba said.
Akira shuddered.
They walked to an estimation of where they thought an abandoned alleyway might be in the
real world and exited through the app. Fortunately, nobody witnessed them appearing out of
nowhere, and they walked back into Leblanc, where a customer was now sitting.
A vaguely familiar looking customer, actually. There was something about his suit and his air
that resonated with Goro, but he couldn’t put his finger on where he might have seen the man
before.
The man glanced up when the group entered, and he jumped slightly, his eyes blown wide.
“Oh, um, hi! Uh, do any of you work here? The open sign was up, but nobody was behind the
counter, so I was a little worried.”
“Sorry, I stepped out,” Akira said, bowing. “But I’m back now.”
“It’s no issue,” the man hastened to say. He glanced at the rest of the group with a slightly
strange expression, but he focused back on Akira. “I’ll just have a black coffee, if you don’t
mind.”
“Of course.”

After gathering a little more information at Morgana’s instance, the group began to infiltrate
Madarame’s palace. They made it as far as the massive peacock patterned doors before they
hit a proper roadblock.
“How are we going to open that door?” Ann asked once they exited Madarame’s palace. “It’s
not like we can break into the atelier and kick it down.”

“Um… maybe you can model for Yusuke?” Ryuji asked more than said.
“And what, break down the door that way?” Goro said sarcastically.
“Actually,” Akira said. “I think I might have an idea.”

“Yusuke!” Futaba shouted, aggressively ringing the doorbell. “Let me in!”
Yusuke shoved the door open, gasping for breath. “I’m coming, I’m coming,” he said. He
glanced at Futaba warily. “Must you do that every time?”
“I do when I have a gift!” Futaba held up a plastic container full of piping hot curry. “Ta da!”
Yusuke’s eyes went wide. “Boss’ curry?” he asked. “You brought it all this way?” He
frowned when he saw Morgana standing next to Futaba. “And the cat?”
“Yep!” Futaba said. “I’m babysitting him for Akira. Rumor has it there’s a catnapper in our
neighborhood.”
“Wait, what?” Morgana asked.
“He’s very well behaved,” Futaba continued. “Shouldn’t rip up any paintings if that’s what
you’re worried about. And he doesn’t shed much either.”
“Of course I don’t,” Morgana said. “I’m a very well-groomed individual.”
“Very well.” Yusuke let Futaba enter the house. Futaba cackled internally.
Enter the house: complete!
Next mission: Distract Yusuke long enough for Morgana to pick the lock of the fancy door!
“Alright,” Futaba said as Yusuke sat down in his bedroom and began to eat his curry. “I hope
you’re ready, because I have a doozy for you.”
“What do you mean?”
“The most artful episode of Featherman came out yesterday, and I’ve been dying to tell
everyone I know and love about it. And I’ve already told Sojiro, my mom…’s grave, and my
all my other friends, so you’re the only one left! You see, it starts out with Feather Hawk
talking to Swan… actually wait, no, I need to give you Swan’s tragic backstory for
context…”

“Security system disabled!” Ann said victoriously. She frowned. “I hope Futaba-chan’s doing
alright.”

A portal opening up in the sky and high-pitched screaming was enough of an answer. Yusuke
landed admittedly rather artfully and caught Futaba in his arms.
“Heck yeah!” Futaba said, jumping up. “Mission accomplished. Who knew you could pick
locks without thumbs?”
“This phantom thief did,” Morgana said proudly, puffing out his chest in pride.
“What on earth is going on?” Yusuke demanded, his voice high-pitched and out of breath.
“And who are you people?”

After adding Yusuke to the team and sending Madarame his calling card, they were very
nearly through fighting his shadow when Madarame’s shadow confirmed the worst of Goro’s
fears.
“What about the other man in the mask?” the shadow asked. “You mean he doesn’t work with
you?”
Goro, Akira, Futaba and Ken all glanced at each other while everyone else let exclamations
of confusion. It wasn’t surprising that Shido had found someone else who could access the
metaverse, especially considering the mental shutdowns that were occurring. Still,
confirmation of that fact filled Goro with dread.
“What are we going to do?” Ken asked after they stole Madarame’s treasure and escaped the
palace in time.
“About the other persona user?” Ann asked. “I’m not really sure.” She glanced at Akira.
“What do you think we should do?”
“We should track him down, right?” Ryuji said. “Figure out what he wants?”
“That would be ideal,” Akira said. “But I have no idea where to start looking.”
“Judging from what Madarame’s shadow said, the persona-user is most likely male,” Goro
said. “As for where to start… it’s a longshot, but perhaps Futaba should start looking into
prominent male figures in media.”
“Wow, that really narrows it down,” Futaba said sarcastically.
“Why prominent?” Yusuke asked.
“Because, unless I’m very much mistaken, this person is responsible for the mental
shutdowns that have been happening recently,” Goro said. “And while some victims likely
had palaces, others are found in Mementos. And the only way to travel deeper into Mementos
—”
“—is to have increased public attention,” Morgana said, his eyes widening. “That’s right!”

“Still doesn’t really narrow it down,” Futaba said. “But I’ll do my best.”
“Perhaps try to find someone who hit the spotlight around the time the mental shutdown
cases began,” Goro said.
Futaba did a mock salute. “Aye aye, captain.”

Goro wasn’t sure if it was misfortune or divine punishment that caused him to be put in the
same group as Okumura on the cleanup day. If Ken weren’t in his group also, Goro wasn’t
quite sure what he would do.
“Akechi-kun,” Okumura said, so kind and so unaware of Goro’s past sins. Her face was set in
a concerned frown. “Aren’t you going to get some soup? I hear Maruki-sensei is a fine chef.”
“I’m afraid I’m not very hungry,” Goro said, even though it was the opposite of the truth.
“But you worked so hard,” she said. “You have to eat something.”
“I’m fine, Okumura-san,” Goro said forcefully.
“You know he probably doesn’t have mind control juice in his soup, right?” Ken whispered.
Goro ignored him.
“You should seriously eat something,” Minato said, appearing from seemingly out of
nowhere. Goro jumped.
“Oh, Arisato-sensei!” Okumura bowed. “I didn’t realize you were here.”
Minato shrugged. “I just wanted to do my part. And tell Goro-kun to take care of himself.”
“You know him?” Okumura asked.
“He’s my acting guardian,” Goro said through gritted teeth. Ken snickered, which was not
helpful.
“Oh, how lovely!” Okumura smiled wide. “I’ll leave you two to it, then. It was wonderful
working with you, Akechi-kun!”
Goro turned to Minato with an irritated expression. “Did you really have to do that?”
“I wouldn’t be so uncool if you would eat your lunch.”
“I’m not hungry.”
Both Ken and Minato raised their eyebrows at that.
“Try again,” prompted Minato.

Goro crossed his arms. “Can I just… eat something on my way home?”
Minato raised his eyebrows. “Promise you will?”
Goro rolled his eyes. “I promise.”
It would be a cold day in hell before Goro trusted anything Maruki-sensei made.

“The field trip was so boring,” Ryuji complained at the hideout. “The tour guide treated us
like babies.”
“I’m so glad I’m not a second-year student,” Goro muttered. “The idea of being in another
one of those stations makes me feel sick.”
“Um, do you often go to TV stations?” Ann asked.
Goro waved his hand dismissively.
“You get to see an interview tomorrow, don’t you?” Yusuke asked. “I thought Ann mentioned
something about that.”
“Oh, yeah!” Ann said. “Shiho’s really looking forward to it. Apparently Kujikawa is going to
be interviewed about her upcoming role in a movie inspired by the Phantom Thieves!”
“Wait, there’s a movie about us?” Morgana asked.
“They just announced it,” Futaba said. “With the rumors about the Phantom Thieves, some
big shot director decided to take a risk and capitalize on it, except with a female lead. That’s
where Kujikawa comes in.”
“I’m kinda surprised he’d be brave enough to do that,” Ken said. “How sexualized do you
wanna bet she’s gonna be?”
“I wouldn’t worry too much,” Goro said. “Rise refuses to work with directors who only want
to hire her for her sex appeal. And she has enough clout to get away with it.”
“Queen,” Futaba said, not looking up from her computer.
“She’ll make one hell of a Phantom Thief,” Ryuji said. He glanced at Akira. “But I guess it
won’t be your first time seeing Kujikawa, huh?”
“What makes you say that?” Akira asked, alarmed.
“Because you have a signed poster?” Ryuji said, pointing to the poster on Akira’s wall. “It
even wishes you luck in Tokyo.”
“You aren’t dating Kujikawa, are you?” Ann asked suspiciously. “Because Shiho wanted first
dibs.”

Akira snorted. “Um, no.”
“She grew up in his hometown,” Goro said. “And in Inaba, you know everyone.”
“Her grandma makes some good tofu,” Akira said, nodding.

“Since your upcoming film is all about them, what are your thoughts on the Phantom
Thieves?” the interviewer asked.
Rise laughed. “Well, if they are real, I think they’re doing society a great service. I mean,
people have been trying to pin Madarame and Kamoshida for their crimes for months or even
years, and the Phantom Thieves have been the only ones successful.”
She winked at Akira. Akira put his head in his hands in utter mortification.
“Now let’s ask an audience member about their thoughts on the Phantom Thieves,” said the
interviewer. She stood up and walked between the rows of students. “Oh, how about this
young lady right here? Do you agree with Kujikawa’s words?”
Shiho’s face went red as a microphone was shoved into her face. “Y-yes,” she said. “I was
hurt personally by, um, Kamoshida, and the Phantom Thieves gave me a lot of hope.”
Shiho smiled brightly at Ann.
“She knows,” Morgana sighed. “Of course she does.”

“Don’t go getting a big head,” Goro told the group after the TV station. Rise might have been
a bit too encouraging. “We’re vigilantes. We’re not on the side of the law. Our actions are
morally questionable at best.”
“Yeah, yeah, only brainwash the people who really deserve it, we know,” Ryuji said, rolling
his eyes. “You’ve given us this speech, like, a thousand times.”
“It’s important,” Goro stressed. “If you start throwing your weight around, we’ll be no better
than the people who are causing the mental shutdowns.”
“Oh yeah,” Ann said. “Shouldn’t we keep investigating who the persona user that spoke to
Madarame is?”
“I’ve been trying, but as I pointed out before, it’s kinda hard to pinpoint a single famous guy
as definitely a persona user,” Futaba said. “I’ve stalked a few potential candidates online, but
nothing makes them stand apart from each other.”
“Well, I know who it’s not,” Akira said confidently.
“And who might that be?” Yusuke asked.

“Akechi.”
“Thank you, Akira,” Goro sighed. “That was very helpful.”
Akira continued to grin. “But it’s true.”
“Um, yeah,” Ryuji said. “We know.”
“Unless there’s something you’d like to tell us?” Morgana asked suspiciously.
“We’re saving the announcement until September,” Akira said flippantly.
“What announcement?” Shiho asked, there because she wanted to see their hideout. Goro
hoped she hadn’t been too disappointed by Akira’s dusty attic.
“Their marriage announcement, obviously,” said Futaba with a shit-eating grin, not looking
up from her computer.
“I’d better be the best man,” Ken added.
“And here I thought they were having a child,” Yusuke said. It was impossible to tell if he
was being ironic or not.

Emiko called Goro and Ken to her favorite cat café and sat them down with a grim
expression.
“Guys,” she said. “I need you to be honest with me.”
Goro felt suddenly nauseous. “Yes?”
“How long have you been Phantom Thieves?”
Goro and Ken glanced at each other nervously.
“Um…” Ken said.
“I’m sure I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Goro tried.
Emiko rolled her eyes. “Give me a break,” she said. “I know something’s been fishy with you
and Ken for years now. And you only just moved to Tokyo with your friend from Inaba, and
supernatural stuff is going on, and I’m suddenly remembering how weird everything was that
year I met you, and then you moved to a town with murders, seriously, what is your life?”
Goro swallowed. “Well…”
“Tell me,” Emiko said fiercely. “Now.”
“Okay, fine, yes, we’re phantom thieves!” Ken blurted out, earning a few stares in the
restaurant. His face went bright red as he tried to rectify the blunder, “Fans! Fans of Phantom

Thieves.”
“You’re worse than Sakamato,” Goro muttered as a flash of pure rage crossed over Emiko’s
face.
“I cannot believe you two,” she hissed. “Were you ever planning on telling me?”
“Emiko-chan…” Goro began, but she stood up, slamming her coffee cup against the table.
“I knew it,” she muttered. Even while furious, her eyes shined slightly, “I knew it. I knew you
two were magical girls!”
“So… are you mad at us, or happy?” Ken asked.
“How long has this sort of thing been going on?” Emiko demanded, crossing her arms.
Ken cleared his throat. Goro glanced at a painting on the wall. “As long as we’ve known
you,” Goro admitted.
Emiko huffed and spun toward the door. She took two steps in that direction before stopping
and slowly turning around. She marched back into her seat and stared at them severely.
“You two,” she said slowly. “Are going to tell me everything. You hear me? E-V-E-R-Y-T-HI-N-G.”
Ken nodded. “Yes ma’am.”

“Oh my god!” Emiko squealed as soon as she entered Leblanc and laid eyes on Morgana.
“He’s so cute!”
“Oh great,” Morgana muttered. “Another gawker.” He puffed up his chest. “Although I do
admit I am quite cute.”
“This is the talking cat, right?” Emiko demanded, pointing to Morgana excitedly. “He’s
talking to me right now, right?”
“I am not a—” Morgana yelped and rounded toward Goro and Ken. “You told another
person?!”
“She already guessed at the truth,” Ken said defensively.
“It was out of our hands,” Goro agreed.
“You guys are impossible!”
“Can we please go to the magical world?” Emiko begged, clasping her hands together
pleadingly. “I want to see the cat talk. I want to know his secrets. I also want to see you two
in magical girl outfits.”

“Secrets, you say?” Morgana asked. “Well, it is true that I am full of mystery.”
“We’re not magical girls,” Ken muttered with a blush.
“No,” Futaba said from where she was sitting in the corner of Leblanc. “We totally are.” She
waved at Emiko. “Nice to meet you, by the way.”
“You’re the hacker, right?” Emiko asked. She looked vaguely awestruck. “My life has just
become so cool.”

“Ugh, the poll on Mishima’s website makes me so angry,” Ryuji said during lunchtime.
“Poll?” Ken asked.
“There’s an online poll asking whether the Phantom Thieves are real,” Goro explained. “Most
have said no.”
“Obviously most people aren’t going to believe in the Phantom Thieves,” Ann said. “We’re
literally changing hearts.”
“A little less loudly, please?” Goro asked. Naoto had managed to join the team that was
beginning to investigate the Phantom Thieves, and she promised to steer the investigation
away from them. Still, there was only so much one detective could do if multiple witnesses
could attest to overhearing them talking about changing hearts.
“You should ask him to change the poll to whether the Phantom Thieves are just,” Shiho said.
“Thanks to Kujikawa, you’ve been getting a lot of support on that end.”
“And thanks to you,” Ann said. “You were the one who gave us that shining endorsement.”
“I can’t believe Kujikawa winked at you, man,” Ryuji told Akira.
“I don’t want to talk about it–”
Click.
Everybody looked in the direction of the camera noise. Niijima unsubtly put her phone back
into her pocket.
“Oh my god, you again?” Ryuji demanded. “We already said before that we didn’t know
anything.”
“Why do you think I’m here to question you?” Niijima asked.
“Because you questioned us all the other times we spoke?” Akira said.
“Well… fair,” Niijima said. “But if you’re hiding something, my ears are always open to the
concerns of my peers, you know.”

“Are you really that hungry for a good letter of recommendation?” Ann demanded. “Oh wait,
of course you are. Nobody would take on your crappy job if they weren’t.”
“Ann,” Shiho said.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Niijima demanded.
“You're the student council president, right?” Ann asked. “Which means you would have
known all about Kamoshida.”
“Of course not!” Niijima protested. “He was honestly a good teacher until–”
“Finish that sentence,” Shiho interrupted, adopting her own glare. “I dare you.”
Niijima grimaced. “No, that’s not what I meant, I just… I’m sorry.” She bowed. “I’ll see you
in class, Akechi-kun. Amada-kun.”

“Sojiro!” Futaba declared, bursting into Leblanc dramatically. “Yusuke would like to room
with Akira!”
Finally, it was official. “You don’t have to live in that dusty old attic, you know,” Sojiro told
Yusuke. “I have a guest bedroom that Akira didn’t want.”
“You chose the attic over your own bedroom?” Yusuke asked.
“More privacy,” Akira said.
“I suppose there is an allure to living alone in the dustiness of an old coffee shop,” Yusuke
said. “With the aroma to greet you every morning…”
Sojiro narrowed his eyes at Akira. “You’d better not be doing anything illicit at night after I
close shop.”
Akira shook his head innocently, and Sojiro glanced at Goro for confirmation.
Goro only shrugged. Not exactly the vote of confidence Sojiro was looking for.

“Wish me luck,” Goro told Ryoji and Minato before he left for his mock entrance exams.
“You don’t need luck,” Ryoji said. “You took these exact same exams before.”
Goro rolled his eyes. “I took them eight years ago.”
“Have I really been alive for that long?” Ryoji asked flippantly. “Incredible.”
“You’re incorrigible,” Minato said as Goro left the apartment, slamming the door behind him.

Yusuke decided to live in the dorms. Sojiro had a feeling he would be seeing plenty of him
anyway. Especially since he left such a gorgeous painting of his mother behind. Talk about a
generous gift.
Akira sleepily marched down the stairs, his messy hair somehow messier than usual.
“Where’s Yusuke?” he asked.
“You just missed him,” Sojiro said. “Your parents just called, by the way. You’ve been
answering their texts, right?”
Akira frowned. “Yeah,” he said, pulling out his phone. “Well. Mostly.”
“Your parents are worried about you, especially with all the shit that’s been going down at
your school,” Sojiro said. “Maybe call them every once in a while.”
“Okay.”
Sojiro gave Akira a severe look.
“Um, right.” Akira fumbled with his phone and called his parents as Sojiro began to boil
water. “Hi… no, I’m fine, just thought I should call… School’s fine… No, Kamoshida didn’t
do anything to me, how many times do I have to tell you? …Goro’s at his mock entrance
exams right now…”

“I’m not here because I want to be,” Goro said.
It was after they dealt with Kaneshiro’s palace, which was actually a relatively painless
endeavor. There was the snag where Makoto got herself kidnapped in an attempt to be useful,
but she became a rather helpful asset to the team. Kaneshiro didn’t know what hit him.
But Ryuji, Ann, Akira, and Shiho had all mentioned already seeing Maruki about the
Kamoshida incident.
“You have to see him eventually,” Makoto said. “The faculty told me to remind you of that.”
The last thing Goro wanted to do was to see that self-assured asshole, but he didn’t need a
teacher dragging him into the room either. Better pretend he had some semblance of free will.
Free will. Ha.
“I know,” Maruki said apologetically. “You don’t have to talk about anything to do with
Kamoshida. Do you want a snack?”
Goro’s hair was already on end, but he just shook his head. “I’m not very hungry.”
“Oh, well… talk about yourself, then, Akechi-kun,” Maruki said. “What do you enjoy?”

I enjoy being anywhere but here.
“Books,” Goro said. “Television. Playing with my cat.” He laughed artificially. “I guess I’m
your average high school student.”
“Is that right?” Maruki asked. “What’s your cat’s name?”
Goro smiled, refusing to be embarrassed. “Monster cat.”
Maruki’s eyes went wide. “Really?”
“It’s a long story,” Goro said. “That mostly boils down to us being children.”
“Us?”
Goro grit his teeth. “Kuru–Hanamura and I.”
“I didn’t realize you two went that far back,” Maruki said. “How long have you two been
friends?”
“A long time,” Goro said shortly.
“You must be close if you were willing to follow him here,” Maruki said.
“You could say that.”
Maruki frowned. “Akechi-kun, I want to help you.”
“And I don’t want to be here,” Goro said. “I guess neither of us can have our way.”
“Is there anything I can do to make this a better experience for you?” Maruki having the gall
to pretend to be concerned.
Goro felt like he was back at the beginning. Back to being physically ten years old and
refusing to trust anyone, especially not anyone over the age of twenty.
“Why don’t you tell me?” Goro asked. “You’re the therapist. Tell me exactly what’s wrong
that I don’t trust you.”
“Well, I can’t speak for you,” Maruki said reluctantly. “But if I had to guess, you had a
negative experience with a therapist in the past.”
“Instead of letting me be the person I was,” Goro said slowly, his voice shaking. “He tried to
brainwash me into being a better version of me without my consent. Because he thought it
would make me and my loved ones happier.”
Maruki looked stunned. “I’m sorry… that sounds terrible.”
Goro wished he could believe he had gotten through to him. “Let’s hope you’re nothing like
him,” he said.

Chapter End Notes

I was torn on who to have adopt Akira but the Hanamuras had enough canonical
precedent, and I just didn't think Tatsumi had the means or space for a third child.
Posting a little early.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 99: July–October, 2016
Chapter Summary

Is this chapter crack? Is it angst? Is it the author revealing she enjoyed Persona 5 tactica
way too much? Is it even good???
Even I don't know.

Chapter Notes

tw: death, violence sorta, ptsd, self blame

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“Are you sure you want to go to the fireworks festival?” Akira asked Futaba for the millionth
time. “Goro’s not going.”
“I’m sure,” Futaba said with an eyeroll. She pulled her secret weapon from her bag. “Ta da!”
“Headphones?” Morgana asked.
“Not just any headphones,” Futaba said. “Noise canceling headphones. These bad boys make
it so that any crowded scene is just like walking in an empty park.”
“But what about the extra… you know, crowds?” Morgana asked.
“It’ll be fine,” Futaba said. “I’ve got my friends with me. Honestly, Goro’s missing out.”
“Why didn’t he want to go again?” Morgana asked.
“It’s the trauma,” Akira said sagely.
Morgana frowned. “...what?”
“It’s the trauma,” Futaba said, nodding.

Emiko was probably the most supportive friend in existence. Instead of attending the summer
firework festival with every other student her age, she offered to study with Goro and Ken,
who were hiding from the fireworks in Minato’s apartment.

“I have a bad feeling about my entrance exams,” Ken said, scratching out another incorrectly
done math problem. “Are you sure I have to go to college?”
“Nobody’s forcing you to,” Emiko said, glancing over Ken’s shoulder to see what he did
wrong. “I mean, I kind of have to with my line of work, but–”
Goro’s phone began ringing violently. He grimaced apologetically as he saw Futaba’s icon
show up on his screen. “I’d better take this.”
“No problem!” Emiko said cheerfully.
Goro reluctantly answered his phone. “What is it?”
“Look outside your window, and then answer that question again,” Futaba said dangerously.
Goro opened his blinds and peered out of his window. But it was easy to tell right away what
was wrong.
It was raining buckets.
“I assumed the thunder was more fireworks,” Goro admitted.
“I thought you were from the future!” Futaba shouted. “How did you not warn us about being
rained on?!”
Goro pinched the bridge of his nose. “One, I wasn’t with the team. Two, I didn’t give a shit
about fireworks. Three, what about eight years ago so hard for everyone to understand?!”
“You should’ve taken notes like any good time traveler,” Futaba sniffed. “Now my yukata is
soaking wet, and it’s all your fault.”
“Time travel?!” Goro heard Ryuji shout.
“You’d better fix that,” Goro said. “I’m not explaining until Okumura joins the group.”
“Fine, fine,” Futaba said. “Consider it fixed.”
Emiko gave Goro a suspicious look, but fortunately, was kind enough not to ask.

“She was joking,” Akira told Ryuji.
“She didn’t really sound like she was joking…” Ann said reluctantly.
“We all know time travel is impossible,” Futaba said. “He’s just very good at predicting
things. Remember when he knew Kaneshiro’s name?”
“I have been wondering about that, actually,” Makoto said with a frown.
“He knows it from Shirogane-san,” Akira said immediately.

“But isn’t Shirogane working with my sister investigating the mental shutdowns and
Phantom Thief incidents… wait,” Makoto’s eyes widened. “You know Shirogane?”
“What can I say?” Akira said with a shrug. “Goro and I got connections. And sometimes it
makes Goro seem like a time traveler.”
“I guess you’re right,” Ryuji sighed. “Damn. I got overexcited there for a second. Sorry.”
“Well, that’s nothing new,” Morgana muttered.
Shiho still looked suspicious. Oh well. She could keep a secret.

“So, you won’t tell me, no matter what?” Niijima asked.
“No,” Sojiro said shortly. The bell rang as Akira and Futaba entered the coffee shop. The
poor kids were both soaking wet; puddles of water followed them into the shop.
“I see,” Niijima said. She stood up. “In that case, I have ways of making you talk.”
Sojiro scowled. He was really coming to hate this prosecutor. “What’s that supposed to
mean–”
Niijima turned away. “Thanks for the drink,” she said before leaving the shop.
“What was her problem?” Futaba asked. “Did she want to know the secret curry recipe?”
Sojiro sighed. “That’s right,” he said. Futaba probably saw right through him, but he didn’t
need to worry the kids after their night out. “You know how customers get.” He grinned.
“Enjoy the fireworks?”
“They were fun while they lasted, thanks to my super-secret weapon,” Futaba said. “The rain
wasn’t so bad either.”
“Yeah?” Sojiro asked, glancing at Akira.
Akira nodded, still looking disconcerted by Nijiima’s swift exit. “Yep.”
“In that case, why don’t you two get a change of clothes and you can help me clean up shop
after,” Sojiro said. “I’m getting old. I can’t do everything by myself.”
“Excuses,” Futaba muttered. “I’ll be back.”
Akira went upstairs and returned a few minutes later with his pajamas on. He began to help
Sojiro wash the dishes as Sojiro turned the volume down on the television.
Futaba burst into the room, her expression furious. “Medjed has challenged the Phantom
Thieves,” she said.
“What?” Akira asked.

“Medjed? The hackers that stole my name? They’ve challenged the Phantom Thieves. See?”
Futaba pointed violently at the television. Baffled, Sojiro glanced at the screen and turned up
the volume.
“To the Phantom Thieves causing an uproar in Japan: Do not speak of your false justice. We
do not need the spread of such falsehood. We are the true executors of justice.”
“Blah, blah, blah,” Futaba said. “Oh, these guys are so going down.”
“You know about this?” Sojiro asked.
“Everybody knows about the Phantom Thieves,” Futaba said with an eyeroll. “And besides, I
can’t have these people using my good name and tarnishing it on national television. Talk
about embarrassing.”
“Now, don’t do anything reckless,” Sojiro said sternly. And, because he had a feeling Akira
was getting a little too confident despite his circumstances, “And that goes for you too,
Akira-kun. The last thing you need is something staining your record during this probation.”
“I know,” Akira said, his voice a little sullen.

Futaba spent all the next day hacking Medjed’s website. The Phantom Thieves’ popularity
skyrocketed. Mishima came up with the brilliant idea to create the request poll.
“Tell him to take it down,” Goro told Akira in the hideout. “Not only is it a repulsive idea,
but it’s only going to create more problems for us.”
“Problems?” Shiho asked. “Like what?”
“Problems like people pressuring us to change the heart of someone who’s mostly innocent,”
Ann said.
“Problems like someone rigging the votes so that we’re framed for murder,” Goro said.
The stunned silence lasted for approximately two seconds.
“For real?” Ryuji asked.
“That’s a little extreme, don’t you think?” Makoto asked.
“Perhaps,” Yusuke said. “But I can see it as a possibility. Especially if this nefarious other
persona user is still at play.”
“Do we still know nothing about this guy?” Morgana asked.
“We know that he’s probably male,” Futaba said. “Potentially.”

Goro couldn’t help but to feel extremely unsettled by the ordeal. He was hoping someone
who wasn’t Okumura would attempt to join the Phantom Thieves, giving them a clear
reference of who the perpetrator really was. “We should be wary of anyone who tries to join
our number. It could be a ruse.”
“You think everything is a ruse,” Ryuji muttered.
Emiko raised her hand, looking at her phone. “Um, I know we’re worried about traitors and
stuff, but do you think Mishima-kun needs help with modding the Phansite? Because he
seems to be the only admin.”
Shiho nodded enthusiastically. “Do you think he’d mind if we offered to help?”
“Do you guys have the time and emotional energy to deal with the Phansite?” Goro asked
with a small frown.
“Well, Shiho and I were talking about it earlier,” Emiko said. “And Mishima has the right
idea. He can’t be a phantom thief, but he’s trying to help in his own way. If you guys have
time to steal hearts and risk your lives, we have time to delete a few nasty comments.”
“Well, I don’t think he’d mind,” Akira said. “Worst case scenario, he insists on handling on
his own. Second worst case scenario, he gets so flustered by two girls offering to help him
that he gets a little creepy or overenthusiastic. Hm. Or maybe that’s worst-case scenario come
to think of it.”
“Mishima-kun isn’t that bad,” Shiho said defensively.
Akira made a doubtful noise from the back of his throat. “You know him best.”
With all their topics of discussion out of the way, the group slowly started to disperse. It was
getting dark outside, so there wasn’t much point in sticking around and hanging out much
longer.
“Goro-kun,” Akira said as Goro turned around to leave. Ken gave Goro a supportive thumbs
up before heading down the stairs, and even Morgana rolled his eyes and left, leaving Goro
and Akira alone.
“What is it?” Goro asked, concerned at the sudden address.
“Are you alright?” Akira asked.
Goro frowned. He was expecting Akira to have a problem, not Akira be worried about Goro’s
problems. “What do you mean?”
“I know you’re stressed about the other persona user,” Akira said, rubbing the back of his
neck.
“Yes, well, what’s new?” Goro sighed.

“It’s not your fault, you know.” Goro froze, surprised by the declaration. “I know you feel
responsible for making sure things go better than last time, but it’s not your fault that fake
Igor chose somebody else to be the evil foil to me or whatever.”
“I know that,” Goro snapped. “I just… I feel so frustrated. And last time, at least I thought I
had control over all the variables. Now I just… have no idea who it is that might be spying on
us.”
“Just keep an eye out for suspicious figures and hope for the best,” Akira said. “What could
go wrong?”
“Literally so much could go wrong.”
“Well,” Akira said bleakly. “Fair.”
Goro sighed. “But you’re right. All we can do is stay vigilant. Goodnight, Akira.”
Akira smiled. “Goodnight.”
Goro went downstairs and found Ken waiting for him at one of Leblanc’s bar stools. Next to
him sat the same suited figure that Goro had seen when they accidentally entered
Madarame’s palace for the first time. Goro knew he recognized him from somewhere, but
where?
“Done already?” Ken asked.
Goro rolled his eyes. “Hilarious. Let’s go.”
“Oh, Akira-kun,” Ken said in a mocking falsetto. “Have I told you how much I deeply—”
“We are going,” Goro repeated, ignoring the ridiculous kissing noises Ken was now making.
“Honestly, how old are you?”
“Hey, I’ve earned this,” Ken said, jumping to his feet. “You literally moved away on the off
chance he might die in the murder town, even though he literally didn’t the first time.”
“Oh, shut up,” Goro muttered.
The stranger next to Ken was looking at them in a politely confused way, and Ken turned
toward him and bowed.
“It was nice to meet you Kasukabe-san,” he said.
“Oh, likewise,” Kasukabe said, glancing between Ken and the stairs to Akira’s room. “Be
safe getting back home.”
“Don’t worry,” Ken said cheerfully. “We will.”
Kasukabe… Kasukabe… even the name was familiar, but it wasn’t as though Kasukabe was
an uncommon name. Goro would need to look into it.

“For the last time, I have no intention of telling you about Wakaba,” Sojiro was saying as
Akira entered Leblanc after school.
Makoto’s older sister was back, which wasn’t comforting in the slightest. Especially after her
next words.
“Your parental authority would have to be suspended. I take it you’re okay with that
outcome?”
“What are you talking about?” Akira interrupted, his heart suddenly thumping in his chest.
He glanced at Sojiro. “What is she talking about?”
“On what grounds?” Sojiro demanded, crossing his arms.
“How about neglect?” Sae asked. “You spend an awful lot of time in this coffee shop. Do you
have any time for your daughter at all?”
“That’s grasping,” Sojiro snapped.
“And do you really think it will be grasping when it’s taken to court?” Sae asked viciously.
“We will win, no matter how untrue you think it is.”
“He’s not neglectful,” Akira said, a tad louder than he intended.
“Stay out of it,” Sojiro said warningly. His expression softened. “I appreciate the support, but
I’ll handle it.”
Akira was never very good at staying out of it.
“Neglectful is leaving your child alone while serial killings are going on,” Akira said
heatedly. “Sojiro makes Futaba’s meals and sees her every day. Where would you have any
case for neglect?”
Sae and Sojiro stared at Akira in alarm. Sae was the first one to speak, having the decency to
look uncomfortable.
“That’s beside the point,” Sae said. “I will do whatever it takes to get this information.”
Akira held his breath. Sojiro grit his teeth. “Fine. You win.”
Sae’s face lit up immediately. “Thank you. I’ll contact you about a time and place to meet.”
“Get out,” Sojiro said.
Sae bowed and left. Akira glared at the door as it shut behind her noisily.
“Alright, kid,” Sojiro said, walking around the bar and sitting down at one of the stools. “Is
there anything you’d like to tell me about your homelife?”

Akira continued to glare at the door. “My homelife is fine,” he said. “But my surname wasn’t
always Hanamura.”

“Your sister is an asshole,” Akira told Makoto while they ate sushi.
“And this is news, how?” Goro asked.
“She accused Sojiro of being abusive, and we all know that’s not true,” Akira said.
“She did what?!” Futaba exclaimed. A few customers glared, and she shrunk into her seat.
“Sorry. She did what?” she whispered.
Makoto grimaced. “Maybe it was a misunderstanding?” she asked.
“She wanted something from Sojiro,” Akira said. “Something about Futaba’s mom’s
research. She all but said she’d forge evidence to make Sojiro lose custody of Futaba.”
Makoto went paler than usual and stared at her sushi like it was made of slugs. Futaba
exclaimed offendedly again.
“Woah,” Ken said. “That’s… pretty bad.”
“Maybe…” Makoto said. “I didn’t want to mention it before, but…”
“You want the Phantom Thieves to change Sae-san’s heart?” Goro asked.
“Well, maybe a little,” Makoto said reluctantly.
“Is it really bad enough to warrant a change of heart?” Morgana asked, eating his fatty tuna
from within Akira’s bag. “Remember, we only want to use our power as the Phantom Thieves
if there’s no other way.”
“Sounds pretty bad to me,” Ryuji said. “What’ll happen to Futaba?”
“Sojiro gave up and said he’d tell her what he knew,” Akira said. “So Futaba’ll be fine.”
“He doesn’t know that much anyway,” Futaba said. “She would have been much more
productive in threatening me.”
“I think Makoto’s sister has enough class to know that would be crossing a line,” Ann said.
“I’ll try to reason with her,” Makoto said reluctantly. “But she’s been so closed off recently.
I’m not sure how much good it will do.”
“Keep an eye on the situation,” Goro said slowly. “I don’t believe your sister is so far gone
that she won’t eventually listen to reason. But… it might take extreme measures to make her
see the error in her ways.”
“That’s comforting,” Ryuji said.

“In the meantime, Mishima still hasn’t taken down that poll,” Yusuke said. “It seems the
people wish for us to deal with the CEO of Big Bang Burger.”
Goro wore an expression similar to Makoto’s. “Fantastic,” he muttered.

They decided to scope out Okumura’s palace before deciding whether to steal their heart.
Somehow, through what was in Goro’s opinion was sheer dumb luck, they dragged Okumura
in along with them. Then again, they had gone immediately after school. She likely arrived at
her father’s building at the same time as they did.
“Um, what’s going on?” Okumura asked. “Who are you people? Where am I?”
Morgana explained. Okumura looked reluctant.
“We shouldn’t get you wrapped up in this anyway,” Ryuji said. “I hope you’re not angry
about us stealing your dad’s heart or anything.”
“Way to go Ryuji,” Ann muttered.
“No, um, I want to help!” Okumura exclaimed. “Please.”
“You’re not much use to us without a persona,” Yusuke said.
Goro pinched the bridge of his nose. “That’s not… entirely correct.”

Shiho waited outside the entrance to Okumura’s palace impatiently. She followed the group
into the metaverse once, but she didn’t awaken to a persona. Goro said something about her
not having the potential, whatever that meant. Shiho privately just thought it was because she
wasn’t in a life threatening or deeply personal battle.
Shiho wasn’t exactly sad that she wasn’t able to risk her life, but she was disappointed that
she couldn’t do it with Ann. She especially didn’t like all of the waiting. What if something
happened to them?
At least Emiko-chan was willing to spend time with her while they waited. They had even
made a small tradition out of eating ice cream and people watching.
Finally, the group exited the metaverse and appeared next to Shiho and Emiko. Shiho let out
a small shriek. There was no way she was ever getting used to that.
“I wish it would dump us out somewhere that wasn’t in fucking public,” Goro said.
“Language,” Futaba said.
“Um,” Shiho said. “Is that another person?”

“Oh, Suzui-san!” Okumura said, bowing. “I didn’t realize you were a part of this too!”
“She and Emiko-chan are more like honorary members,” Ann said.
“We’re thinking of having Monster Cat as our mascot,” Shiho said. Morgana made a noise of
disgust.
“Nice to meet you, Okumura-san!” Emiko said, bowing. A wide grin spread on her face, and
she turned to Goro of all people. “Does this mean what I think it means?”
“Uh… what does it mean?” Ryuji asked.
“Yes, it does,” Goro sighed, giving no elaboration whatsoever.
Shiho felt a small amount of relief that the team was getting bigger. It was less likely anyone
would die, which was a plus.
After exchanging some pleasantries, Okumura bowed and began walking away. “I’d better
get going,” she said, her expression anxious. “People will be wondering–”
“Where do you think you’ve been?” an obnoxious male voice demanded. Shiho flinched.
It’s not Kamoshida, she told herself. He doesn’t even sound like him.
The red-haired boy that strutted up to Okumura didn’t look anything like Kamoshida either,
and yet everything else about him seemed exactly the same.
“I was–” Okumura began, but the asshole didn’t wait for her to finish.
“I’ve been looking everywhere for you,” he said.
“I’ve been looking everywhere for you,” said Kamoshida that day. The day Shiho thought her
life might fall to pieces.
The stranger grabbed Okumura’s wrist. “Come on. We’re going to have some fun tonight.”
Okumura’s eyes went wide. “Oh, I don’t think I want to–ow!”
Shiho’s chest burned in rage as the stranger’s grip tightened on Okumura’s wrist. He raised
his hand, and–
Shiho stood in front of Okumura. His hand stalled.
“She said no, you asshole!” Shiho shouted, her voice trembling.
That was oddly therapeutic.
“Suzui-san,” Okumura whispered, sounding horrified.
Slap.

Shiho gasped as the stranger’s hand struck her across the face. She didn’t stumble backwards.
She had too much experience for that to happen.
“You stupid bitch,” the stranger said, making Shiho’s chest stutter. “This is a matter between
partners.”
“Don’t you dare call her that,” Ann snarled, raising her arm defensively across Shiho’s body.
The rest of the Phantom Thieves gathered around them.
“Assaulting someone, really?” Akira asked. “That could put you on probation, you know.”
“You–you–”
“Are you sure you want to pick this fight?” Ryuji asked. “Because you ain’t gonna win.”
The asshat left with his tail between his legs.
The asshat turned out to be Okumura’s fiancé.
Everyone agreed to the change of heart after that. Even a previously extremely reluctant
Goro.

“I assumed this reveal would be happening in September, not late August,” Goro said in the
safety of the hideout. “So, everyone brace yourselves.”
“Why are you doing it now?” Yusuke asked. “If you’ve waited this long.”
“Because everyone’s presumably joined the party,” Futaba said.
“And we know that, how?” Ryuji asked. “I mean, I agree our numbers are getting pretty big,
but–”
“Goro-kun’s a time traveler,” Akira said. “He’s from the future.”
Everyone except Akira, Ken, Futaba, and Goro erupted in a cacophony of alarm. Goro waited
for them to calm down before beginning.
“I’m from February of next year,” Goro said. “And I used to know everything that would
happen this year.”
“So, did you time travel to the beginning of the year to make things better?” Ann asked. “Did
we die or something?”
“No, and no,” Goro said. “I time traveled to eight years ago. That’s why my memory of
certain events are hazy. Because it’s literally been eight years since I lived them.”
“I must be dreaming,” Morgana said. “Are we really buying this? It has to be a prank.”
Emiko raised her hand.

“Yes, Emiko-chan?” Goro asked.
“Were we friends in the previous timeline?” she asked.
Goro glanced between Ken and Emiko uncomfortably. “No.”
Emiko slumped. “So, it was the worst timeline.”
“You could say that,” Ken said.
“Additionally,” Goro said. “I was the one originally behind the mental shutdowns.”
“Wait, what?!” Ryuji demanded.

“So… you’re saying that if we try to change my father’s heart, this perpetrator might kill
him?” Haru asked.
“That news is troubling,” Yusuke said.
“Maybe we could try to stop him?” Ann asked. “Like, while half of us are fighting Okumura,
the other half could try to find the guy?”
“It’s not a terrible plan,” Goro said reluctantly. “But whoever’s been spying on us is
experienced in staying out of sight. There’s no guarantee we would even find him.”
Morgana sighed. “And then the palace starts collapsing immediately after.”
“So we’d need someone to guard him while the palace is collapsing,” Akira said with a
frown. “That’s a lot of risk.”
“But if you don’t steal Okumura’s heart, Haru will be stuck with that creep,” Shiho said.
“Do you mean that I have two choices?” Haru asked, her voice cracking. She stared at her
lap. “My fiancé or my father’s death?”
“That ain’t right!” Ryuji exclaimed. He slapped the table. “Isn’t there anything we could do?”
“We could try to warn him ahead of time and put him into hiding, but I don’t think Haru’s
dad is going to go for that. Doesn’t he want to go into politics?”
“Even if we do manage to save Okumura’s life, that doesn’t solve the problem either,”
Makoto said. “Shido’s goal is to defame us, right? Now, whoever we target might become a
victim.”
“And then we’d be indirectly responsible for their deaths,” Yusuke finished grimly.
The grim silence was interrupted only by Morgana’s claws scraping against the table as he
paced impatiently.

“I could do it,” Goro said abruptly.
“Do what?” Akira asked, narrowing his eyes.
“I could stop the perpetrator,” Goro said. “Maybe even capture him.”
“You could do that?” Haru asked. “How?”
“Since I was the one who… killed your father the last time, I have experience in escaping
Okumura’s palace while it is half-way through collapsing. The rest of you could get away
safely while I quickly dispatch the perpetrator.”
“No,” Akira said immediately. “No way.”
“It might be our only option,” Goro said stiffly. “And I’m the only logical candidate for the
task.”
“You’re the one always going on about how eight years is a long time,” Akira said. “Eight
years ago, you were able to escape Okumura’s palace. That gives us no guarantees for today.”
“Since when have we ever operated on guarantees?”
“I thought you were done playing the martyr.”
“It’s not playing the martyr when it’s a solid plan–”
“Um, I hate to interrupt,” Ryuji said. “But I think Goro-kun’s right.”
“He does have a great deal more experience in handling the metaverse than the rest of us,”
Yusuke said. “Even you have to admit that.”
“And according to our likely timeline, our culprit only has three years of experience,”
Makoto said. “Goro has closer to eleven. Out of all of us, he is most likely to quickly deal
with the perpetrator and escape without death or injury.”
“With that logic, I could do it too,” Ken immediately jumped in. “I have eight years.”
“Is it a risk worth taking at all?” Ann asked. “Just because he has the best shot doesn’t mean
he’s invincible.”
“But if we don’t, Haru’s father will die, our name as Phantom Thieves will be ruined, and
we’ll be playing directly into enemy hands,” said Morgana.
“I can do this,” Goro said, staring directly into Akira’s eyes. “You just have to trust me.”
Akira’s expression wavered. “Fine,” he surrendered. “But we’re not going to do this until I’m
more confident in all of our abilities. Let’s spend the next few days in Mementos. Besides, I
think I have some targets that we can all agree can only be dealt with by the Phantom
Thieves.”

“If the situation gets worse, feel free to reach out,” Shiho told Haru.
Haru nodded gratefully. “Thank you.”

“Shido-san. It seems there’s been a new development regarding the Phantom Thieves.”
“Tch, what is it this time?”
“We received a new recording from Kasukabe-san. I think it’s better that you listen to it.”
“Well, hurry up and play the damn thing already.”
“Goro’s…traveler…from the future…”
“I was…one originally…behind mental shutdowns…”
“Is this a joke?”
“Akechi-kun seems to have intimate knowledge of our operations, Sir.”
“…allow me to listen to the rest of the recording. Alone.”
“Of course.”

“Akira-kun!” Sojiro called the following morning. “You have visitors!”
“At this hour?” Morgana asked, half-way through stretching out his body on Akira’s bed.
“Who could it be?”
Akira shrugged and marched down the stairs exhaustedly, not changing out of his night
clothes. He was greeted with two smiling faces.
“Surprise!” Teddie said cheerfully. “Yosuke and I decided to take our day off to visit you!”
“Why are you wearing Goro’s TV world glasses?” Yosuke asked.
Akira tried not to look defensive. “They look good,” he said. “And you know I’m trying to
stay on the downlow.”
Goro had told Akira that they were the same glasses the old Akira used to wear, probably
trying to deter Akira from wearing them. Akira chose to wear them anyway, but it had
nothing to do with the old Akira.
Nothing at all.
Besides, Akira did look pretty good in them.

“It’s good to know my handiwork is still being appreciated,” Teddie said proudly.
Yosuke raised his eyebrows at Morgana. “You got another cat? What’s this one named, Angel
Kitty?”
Morgana jumped on one of the barstools and glared at Yosuke.
“I am not a cat!” Morgana snapped. “And my name is Morgana!”
Akira rolled his eyes and began to count off on his fingers. “One, Goro’s taking care of
Monster Cat right now. Two, his name is Morgana. Three, you made him mad.”
“Yeah, I can see that,” Yosuke said, taking a small step away from Morgana. “Easy, kitty.”
Morgana was not pleased with that statement.
“Maybe we can bribe him to like us,” Teddie said. He began to dig around the tote bag he
brought with him. “I brought some treats for Monster Cat, but I suppose Morgana can have
some as well.”
“What kind of treats?” Morgana asked suspiciously.
“He wants to know what kind of treats they are,” Akira said.
“It’s something to do with tuna.” Yosuke wrinkled his nose. “His entire bag stinks.”
“It’s not my fault that you don’t know how to treat a cat,” Teddie said.
“You are my new favorite human,” Morgana said. “Show me the tuna.”
“Maybe we should take it upstairs,” Yosuke said. “We don’t want to stink up the shop, and
we don’t want to disturb any customers either.” He smiled at Sojiro. “Thanks for keeping an
eye on him.”
“It’s no trouble at all,” Sojiro said. “You kids go have fun.”
“I remember when it was easy to have fun,” Teddie sighed as they marched up the stairs.
“Now life is just work, work, work.”
“You seem to have survived so far,” Yosuke said drily.
“Easy for you to say!” Teddie said. “Human college is hard.”
“You were on video call with Goro-kun all day yesterday,” Yosuke said. “Don’t pretend you
don’t have the best study buddy.”
After Morgana was given his tuna, Yosuke frowned at the banner Futaba recently put up in
the hideout.
“Not very subtle, are you?” he asked Akria.

“What do you mean?” Akira asked innocently.
Yosuke rolled his eyes. “I know you’re a Phantom Thief,” he said. “Goro told us all about
that back when he was reciting his tragic back story every month or so for new members.”
“Don’t tell Mom or Dad,” Akira said immediately.
“Does it look like I’m going to tell them?” Yosuke asked. He shuddered. “I remember the
aftermath of them finding out about our investigation that year… I thought Mom was going
to kill me.”
“That’s a time I’d like to forget,” Teddie agreed.
“Look, just be careful,” Yosuke said. “Mitsuru’s been supplying you with weapons and gear,
right?”
Akira nodded. “I get model guns somewhere else, though.”
“Model guns?” Yosuke sighed. “Man, between those and calling cards, you’re way cooler
than we ever were. I’m almost jealous.”
“You should see my metaverse fit,” Akira said.
“I wish,” Yosuke said. “But it won’t work with us, will it?”
As an experiment, Akira pulled out his phone and entered the metaverse. Yosuke didn’t
follow him in, but, interestingly enough, Teddie did.
“Woah!” Teddie gasped. “You mean I can be a Phantom Thief too? This is the best day of my
life!”
“Wait, what about college?” Akira asked.
“I’ll tell the parents that I came to Tokyo to support you in these trying times,” Teddie said
sagely, nodding. “They’ll understand.”
“Where will you live?”
“Apartments can’t be that expensive, can they?”
Akira sighed and exited the metaverse. Teddie pulled out his phone and let out a shriek of
pure joy when he saw the metanav on his phone.
“Wait, how come Teddie can enter the metaverse but I can’t?” Yosuke demanded. “That’s not
fair at all.
“I guess the guy controlling the Velvet Room is only cool with overpowered teenagers,”
Akira said with a shrug. “You’re an adult. So. Tough.”

“I guess that makes sense…” Yosuke said slowly. “Um, Teddie, I know entering the
metaverse is exciting, but why are you still squealing.”
Teddie proceeded to pause to get more air into his lungs.
“He wants to join the team,” Akira sighed.
“Please, please, please, this is the best day of my life,” Teddie told Yosuke clasping his hands
pleadingly.
Yosuke blinked. “Um, Akira is the leader of the team. Ask him.”
Teddie turned toward Akira. “Please, please, please?”
Akira hesitated. “You know what?” he said. “If you can figure out how to live here? Sure.
Whatever. If Goro can have a friend from his past antics then I can have you.”
“Yes!” Teddie cheered, pumping his fists. “I’m so back!”
“Uh huh… Well, anyway, Mom mentioned there was a counselor at your school,” Yosuke
said, changing tact. “Have you spoken with him?”
“Um, yeah,” Akira said.
“Is he nice?”
“I know Mom put you up to this,” Akira said, irritated. “I get it. I’ll take care of my physical
and mental health. I won’t get killed in any interrogation rooms. Stop worrying.”
Yosuke blinked. “What the fuck?”

Goro was trying his hardest to have a peaceful Sunday when he received a call from Yosuke.
“Hello?” Goro asked.
“What is this about an underground interrogation room?” Yosuke demanded.
So much for his peaceful Sunday.
As soon as he warded of Yosuke’s concerns and received the news that Teddie was joining
the team (which was honestly a good thing, they needed all the persona power they could
get), Goro opened his computer and typed in the name Kasukabe to see what came up.
A result for the politician Kasukabe Yoshiki showed up at the top of the list.
Oh. Goro remembered now.
Kasukabe Toshiro was a relatively unobtrusive member of the Diet, but it was his father,
Kasukabe Yoshiki who Goro remembered more. Shido had more than once complained of

Yoshiki’s obvious and wanton corruption, which naturally Shido only disliked because
Kasukabe wasn’t a member of the conspiracy. Goro remembered checking the man’s palace
preemptively to prepare for the likely probability that Shido would want Goro to deal with
him next.
At the time, Kasukabe’s son, Toshiro, only stood out because there were rumors that Toshiro
only had his position because of his father. Rumors that Goro did not doubt in the slightest,
no matter how unassuming the younger Kasukabe tried to make himself out to be.
Neither of the Kasukabes were involved in Shido’s conspiracy the first time around, that
much was for certain. But what was Toshiro doing in Leblanc? Goro couldn’t remember
seeing him there before… unless…
Goro frowned and pulled out his phone. He opened up the meta-nav and typed in the name
Kasukabe Toshiro.
“Candidate Found.”
He wasn’t the culprit then. One couldn’t be a persona user and have a palace, and Goro’s
mysterious replacement certainly had a persona.
That didn’t discount the possibility of Kasukabe-san being a spy, however. It would be within
everyone’s best interests to at the very least keep an eye on him.

“You’re saying the limp noodle… the poor wet cat looking politician guy who comes to
Leblanc at ungodly hours of night… might be a spy,” Futaba said doubtfully.
“It’s only a possibility,” Goro said exhaustedly. “But I think we would be foolish to ignore
it.”
“I spoke to him earlier,” Ken said. “He didn’t seem like a spy to me. But maybe that’s the
point.”
“Well… what should we do?” Ann said, glancing at Akira. “Should we just ask him outright,
‘hey, are you a spy’?”
“But how will you know if he’s telling the truth?” Shiho asked.
“We could try to scope out his palace to discern his true intentions,” Makoto said. “But do we
know enough about him to determine his keywords?”
“Not without severe trial and error, no,” Goro said, crossing his arms and leaning against the
wall.
“What if we just had someone follow him around all day?” Ryuji asked. “That would fix it.”
“And who would that be?” Yusuke asked. “Such a person would either have to be master of
stealth or truly innocuous in order to follow him unnoticed.”

Slowly, everybody turned their heads toward Morgana.
“Why are you looking at me for?” Morgana demanded.
“Um… small…” Ryuji said slowly.
“A master of stealth…” Emiko said more flatteringly.
“Wait!” Morgana jumped onto all four paws with his tail straight up in the air. “You want me
to follow this Kasukabe guy all day?!”
“I mean, you’re the only one he’s probably not going to notice,” Akira agreed. “And you are
a professional phantom thief.”
“But… if the guy’s spying on us… maybe he already knows I’m not just an ordinary cat!”
Morgana protested.
“He’s not a persona user and likely has never entered the metaverse before,” Goro said. “So,
he hasn’t been hearing your end of our conversations. It’s unlikely that he knows that there’s
a cat in our ranks.”
“And if he does, then that’s definitely points to him being a spy!” Futaba said. She grinned.
“This plan gets better and better all the time.”
“I would feel much better knowing what Kasukabe is doing here anyhow,” Haru said
earnestly. “I would hate for Goro-kun’s plan to save my father to fail.”
“I-I…” Morgana sighed. “Oh, alright, I’ll do it.”
“Yay!” Futaba said. “Mona our hero!”
“But you guys owe me big time, okay?” Morgana demanded.
“We’ll buy you so much tuna,” Emiko said. “Tuna like you wouldn’t believe.”
“Isn’t that going to be expensive?” Makoto asked reluctantly.
“Sometimes, to get something done, you have to pay the very expensive expert,” Ryuji said
seriously.
Morgana puffed up his chest. “Now that’s what I like to hear.”

Morgana returned twenty-four hours later looking like he regretted all his life choices.
“Do you want the good news or the bad news first?” he asked the group.
“Bad news,” Goro said immediately.

“Bad news is that I wasn’t able to get into the Diet Building, even with my superior stealth
skills,” Morgana said. “The good news is that I managed to steal his phone.”
Morgana stood up and revealed Kasukabe’s phone beneath him.
“Dude,” Ryuji said. “You stole his phone?”
“Were you not able to get any other relevant information about him outside of larceny?”
Yusuke asked.
“Not really,” Morgana said. “But I have to admit I kinda feel for the guy. His dad’s an
asshole, his fiancé’s an asshole, oh, and did I mention his dad is an asshole?”
“Well, that’s old news,” Goro said.
“If he is a spy, would he have that information on his phone?” Akira asked Goro.
“It’s not impossible,” Goro said. “I myself communicated with Shido on my own phone; it’s
how you guys found me out.”
“Alright, then!” Futaba said, her glasses flashing as she snatched the phone from Morgana.
“I’ll bust this guy open and see what I can find!”

“Nothing,” Futaba said the following day, holding up the phone like it was a disappointment.
“I found nothing.”
“Could we put a bug on the phone and just return it to Kasukabe-san, just in case?” Makoto
asked.
“That’s not invasive,” Ken said sarcastically.
“Already did,” Futaba said. “He might have replaced his phone already, but maybe he’s
hoping he can still find it. It’s only been like… sixteen hours.”
“Poor Kasukabe-san,” Haru said.
“If he shows up at the shop I’ll give it to him,” Akira said. “But we might have to accept that
this was a dead end.”
“It’s only a dead end once we’ve exhausted all our options,” Goro said.
Akira nodded. “Fair enough.”

“Your cat... stole my phone,” Kasukabe said skeptically that evening.
Akira nodded. “Yep. It was highly unfortunate.”

“Why would… you know what, come to think of it, I do remember seeing the same cat a lot
yesterday… how strange…”
“I agree,” Akira said eagerly. “Very strange.”
Toshiro bowed and took the phone from Akira’s outstretched arm. “Well, I thank you for
returning it to me.”
“No problem.” Akira hummed. “Um, out of curiosity, how did you find out about Leblanc?
It’s not exactly the world’s most famous coffee shop.”
“Oh, I believe someone recommended it to me,” Kasukabe said. “Who was it… I’m sorry, I
can’t remember. I think it might have been a work colleague.”
“That’s okay!” Akira said, waving his hand dismissively. “I was just curious.”
“You know…” Kasukabe said slowly. “If this is your way of trying to tell me that you’re a
phantom thief, and you stole my phone for what I’m sure isn’t a phantom thief related reason
at all… This is a really poor job of doing it.”
Akira blinked. Where the hell did that come from?
“What’s a Phantom Thief?”
Kasukabe raised his eyebrows with a very unimpressed expression.
“Uh… I don’t have any idea what you’re talking about,” Akira said.
“A random group of teens marches upstairs to the attic of a very quiet coffee shop talking
enthusiastically about targets and strategies and stealing hearts and government conspiracy
and time travel,” Kasukabe said. “I’d normally disregard you as very enthusiastic fans, but
uh, how do I say this?”
“You’re right,” Akira said eagerly. “We’re just very enthusiastic fans.”
“I saw you guys disappear in thin air,” Toshiro said. “Through the shop window.”
Akira grimaced. “You mean that time we accidentally went to Madarame’s palace?”
“I have no clue what those words mean.”
“Goro is going to kill me,” Akira said miserably.

Akira dragged Kasukabe into the hideout and called the rest of the group over. As Akira
predicted, Goro was not pleased. Fortunately for Akira, it was Goro’s fault that they entered
Madrame’s palace to begin with, so he couldn’t blame anyone but himself for this situation.
“So, you have been spying on us,” Goro said.

“That’s a little strong,” Kasukabe said. “It’s not like I’ve been reporting your movements to
anyone sinister. I’ve just been… curious, that’s all. You would be curious too if you saw
people disappearing out of thin air!”
“I agree,” Emiko said.
“What should we do?” Makoto asked. “We have no way of telling if he’s telling the truth or
not.”
“Trust me, I am not working with Shido Masayoshi,” Kasukabe said firmly. “My father hates
that man—”
“And god forbid you go against your father, right?” Ryuji snapped.
“It’s not as easy as it might seem,” Haru said quietly, causing Ryuji to turn red and sputter out
an apology.
“In any case, I wouldn’t go around killing people,” Kasukabe protested. “That-that’s against
everything I stand for.”
“And what do you stand for?” Goro asked. “Because as far as I’ve ever been able to tell, you
just nod quietly with whatever ridiculous political gambits your father comes up with.”
“Well, that may be true, but—”
“Goro, lay off of him,” Ken said. “If it’s true that he’s not working for Shido, maybe he can
be an inverse spy. Try to figure out who the real guy doing the mental shutdowns is.”
“Are you kidding me?” Goro demanded. “That’s like asking Kasukabe to be the perpetrator’s
next target. We’re not doing that.”
“I’m confused. Do you hate me or not?” Kasukabe demanded.
“How are we even meant to trust him?” Ann demanded. "He literally has a palace!"
"Well, palaces aren't actually an indication of evil," Goro said. "Some distorted desires only
indicate that the person believes a lie about themself, or wants to do something that does
harm to them."
"We can't just leave that, can we?" Shiho asked.
"Would you like us to change your heart, Kasukabe-san?" Haru asked.
"Um, no," Kasukabe said. "I'm good."
"Yeah, fair," Ryuji said.
“Look, I can’t make you trust me,” Kasukabe said. “But please, I promise I wish you no
harm. Even if, well, you’re illegal vigilantes.”

“Proposal?” Futaba said, raising her hand. “Let him go. If he’s lying, we’ll find out
immediately. If he’s not, then it’s all good.”
“You’ll find out—what do you mean you’ll find out immediately?!” Kasukabe demanded.
Futaba only shrugged.

“I’m sure you’ve heard, but the police are coming back to the school to investigate that
incident,” Kawakami told Goro that Friday. “And, well, since they’re questioning the senior
faculty on the day of the school trip, we’re going to need some third years to chaperone for
us.”
“I’m sorry?” Goro asked, baffled.
“I know you recently transferred here, but your grades are good enough that a few days
shouldn’t interfere with your exam results,” Kawakami said. “So I was hoping you would be
willing to be one of those chaperones.”
“Who else is going?” Goro asked.
“At the moment? Amada, Okumura, and Niijima-san,” Kawakami said. Her voice turned
pleading. “Won’t you at least consider it? I know you’re responsible enough to keep some of
our second years in line.”
Goro sighed. If Makoto, Haru, and Ken were going to leave, there wasn’t much reason for
him to stay behind. As a matter of fact, it was almost refreshing to have an official reason to
come along on a school trip with the rest of the group.
“Very well,” he said. “What day do we depart?”

The trip to Hawaii was wholly uneventful. Almost painfully so. The only remotely interesting
thing that happened was Yusuke’s sudden arrival, and even that was offset by the fact that
Ryuji was insistent on finding women to hit on.
“Ryuji,” Goro said. “If I have to participate in another bout of harassing women minding
their own business, I will destroy something.”
Ryuji backed off after that.
When they returned, Goro was struck with some particularly unpleasant news.
“Principal Kobayakawa is dead,” Minato told him quietly.
“Oh my god,” Ken said. “What? Why? How?”

Minato massaged the bridge of his nose exhaustedly. “He was hit by an oncoming truck. It
looks like it was probably a mental shutdown.”
Fuck.
How had Goro forgotten about that? It was little more than a vague memory now, how he had
targeted the principal while the Phantom Thieves were away on their school trip.
“It’s not your fault,” Ryoji said immediately.
“He was an asshole anyway,” Minato said. “Just know that things are going to get hectic
around school.”
“Well, that isn’t anything new,” Ryoji said. “That place is a wreck waiting to be shut down, at
this rate… Goro? Are you okay?”
Oh. Right. This was the part where Goro continued to pretend that he was okay with someone
else repeating all of the same sins he was trying to redeem himself from.
What was wrong with him? Nobody cared about Kobayakwa? As far as people went, he was
scum.
That’s probably why Goro didn’t bother to remember killing him.
“Goro-kun?” Ken asked quietly. “Are you okay?”
Just smile. Just smile and say you’re fine. That’s all you’re good for, anyway.
It was a shame Maruki was such an abhorrent human being. Goro desperately needed a
therapist.
“I’m sorry,” Goro finally said, when he could get the words out.
“You should sit down,” Minato said. “Ryoji, get him a glass of cold water.”
Goro sat down on the sofa. Minato knelt down in front of him. “Goro, look at me.” Goro
continued staring at a photo of the shadow operatives hanging on the wall. “Please.”
Goro looked at Minato as Ryoji handed him a glass of water. The cold condensation on the
glass grounded him.
“There was nothing you could do,” Minato said.
“I should’ve remembered,” Goro said.
“Eight years is a long time,” Ryoji said softly. “And even if you did remember, what could
you have done? You weren’t even in the country.”
“I wouldn’t have left the country if I had remembered!” Goro snapped, barely restraining
himself from throwing the glass of water across the room.

“It’s not your fault,” Minato repeated. “You didn’t do it, and you can’t be expected to
remember everything, much less save everyone. You’re only one kid.”
Goro didn’t say anything.

“Hello, everyone!” Teddie said cheerfully, bowing inside the relative safety of their attic
room in Leblanc. “It’s nice to meet you.”
“Team,” Akira said, gesturing to Teddie. “This is Teddie. My brother.”
“I technically found out I could help a little while ago, but I had to figure out how to move to
Tokyo first. But now I’m here!”
“Are we suddenly allowed to tell family members who we are now?” Ryuji asked. “Did I
miss the memo?”
“There’s no way I’m telling my sister—” Makoto said immediately.
“And Goro, Akira, and I have taken great pains to prevent Sojiro from knowing,” Futaba
said, lowering her voice so Sojiro wouldn’t hear and get suspicious.
“It’s different,” Akira said. “Teddie’s already a persona user. So…”
“How many years of experience does this one have?” Ann asked.
“Um… five? I think,” Teddie said. “Basically, I’ve wielded a persona for as long as I’ve
existed.”
Haru giggled. “You’re not five years old.”
“He’s like Ryoji-kun,” Goro explained.
“Mochizuki-san is five years old?!” Emiko demanded, slamming her hands against the table.
Hm. Maybe more explaining was in order.

“Okay, I’m not sure that we can have anyone else join the team,” Ann said in Mementos from
her seat in the Monabus. “I’m not sure it’s good for poor Morgana.”
“I don’t know…” Futaba said musingly. “We could probably fit like… maybe one more
person in there?”
“Can we, though?” Makoto asked doubtfully. “You guys look very packed in there.”
“I can sit on top of the bus,” Teddie volunteered.

“We’re not doing that,” Akira said immediately. “Honestly, Teddie, why am I the more
responsible one in this relationship? I’m starting to feel like Yosuke.”
“Well, he is only five years old,” Ken said charitably.
“Rude,” Teddie said. “I’ll have you know that I can be very responsible. I just assumed
responsibility went out the window when we became masked crusaders.”
“Wait, how old is Morgana?” Ryuji asked.
“What part of amnesia is so hard for you people to understand?!” Morgana demanded.
“Wait!” Haru said. “We forgot to give Teddie a code name!”
“Oh, it completely slipped my mind,” Yusuke said. “The name Teddie in itself sounds almost
like a code name.”
“If Mona can be Mona, can Teddie just be Ted?” Akira asked. “It’ll be easier for me to
remember.”
“All in favor?” Morgana asked.
Everybody raised their hands.
“Okay, I can’t actually see you guys when I’m in this form, but I’m just gonna assume you
raised your hands and we’re all agreed. Welcome to the team, Ted!”
“Glad to be here!” Teddie said cheerfully.
When Teddie reawakened to his persona, neither Goro nor Akira were at all surprised to see
that Teddie’s outfit was bear themed. Such a thing was honestly inevitable.

While Teddie went on his first Mementos mission, Emiko and Shiho once again sat on a
bench near the Hachiko satue at Tokyo station, deviating from their usual ice cream treat and
eating takoyaki.
“This reminds me of when I was a kid,” Emiko said. “Goro, Ken, and I would get takoyaki at
the local stand.”
“Really?” Shiho asked. She had never been a huge fan of takoyaki when she was younger,
but it had begun to grow on her in her teenage years. Although nothing would beat the crepes
she and Ann would eat.
Emiko nodded. “Goro always seemed vaguely embarrassed about it, which makes sense now
that it turns out he was mentally our age. That’s kind of crazy, actually. I think would die if I
woke up as a ten-year-old.”
“Me too,” Shiho said, feeling an involuntary shiver at the thought.

“No wonder he didn’t pay any attention in class,” Emiko said. “I would have been bored out
of my mind hearing about basic math and English and stuff.”
“I bet he seemed like a strange child,” Shiho mused. “I wonder if he remembered to act his
age. I can’t even remember how I was when I was ten.”
“I was less good at social cues back then.” Emiko shrugged. “Still not great, but… oh well.
Goro was always kind of adult. It was kind of funny cause then Ken would try to mimic him.
I wonder what Goro was originally like the first time he was ten… it’s sad to think there was
a version of me who never had him as a friend.”
“I’m sure you made other friends,” Shiho said. “You might have even still been friends with
Amada-kun.”
“But other friends isn’t Goro,” Emiko protested. She gasped. “Other me never met Monster
Cat. See? That’s a travesty.”
“You probably still moved to Tokyo—”
“Oh no. Oh no.” Emiko put her face in her hands. “Do you think… do you think other me
had a crush on Goro? He was a celebrity, right? What if I had a celebrity crush on him? Oh
my gosh that is so embarrassing…”
Shiho did her best to suppress a giggle. She still struggled to imagine Goro as a celebrity at
all, much less as one that teenagers would fawn over. It wasn’t that Goro was unattractive; he
just didn’t have that celebrity energy that other stars radiated.
“Yamamoto-senpai!” a voice called out. Shiho looked away from Emiko and saw the
Yoshizawa sisters approach. Kasumi waved. “Suzui-senpai!”
Shiho stood up to greet them. “Hello,” she said. “What are you doing here?”
“Oh, we were just on our way back from practice,” Kasumi said. “What about you two?”
“Eating takoyaki,” Shiho said.
“Thinking about having a celebrity crush on your best friend,” Emiko said miserably, her face
still in her hands.
“What?” Sumire asked, looking absolutely baffled.
“Oh, forget about it.” Emiko sat up with a determined expression. “I’m choosing to believe I
did not have a crush on Goro-kun because I thought he was cringey and too fake. The end.”
“You have a crush on Akechi-senpai?” Kasumi said. Her face fell. “Because I’ve heard
rumors that he and Hanamura-senpai—”
“I do not have a crush on Goro!” Emiko shrieked in utter mortification.
Shiho began to laugh so hard that her stomach hurt.

They trained in Mementos a little bit longer before agreeing to finally tackle Okumura’s
palace.
Goro had not missed this palace. Not only was it long, but it was tedious.
But they got through it, and they sent the calling card.
Goro was alarmed by how much anxiety churned in his stomach on the day of the fight. It
wasn’t as though Okumura’s shadow was particularly strong. He had to rely on scores of
robots to fend off the Phantom Thieves, and through the combined powers of two wild cards
using baton pass, that wasn’t much of a challenge at all.
“Stay alive,” Akira said as he seized the treasure with both hands.
Goro grit his teeth as he kept his eyes on Okumura. “It’s what I do best.”
The rest of the Phantom Thieves began sprinting for the exit. Goro positioned himself in front
of the likely trajectory of a bullet and glared down at Okumura.
Okumura had never known Akechi’s real identity, but it couldn’t hurt to try.
“Now,” he said as the palace shook and crumbled around him. “Who is the one behind the
mental shutdowns?”
“He…”
“Now,” said a different voice. “I wish I could say I was surprised.”
Goro spun toward the voice. A man in a dark suit and mask stood only a few feet away. Goro
didn’t recognize his face, but the man’s mask covered more than half of it.
“Who are you?” Goro demanded.
“Unfortunately, I have no interest in answering that question,” said the stranger. “At the
moment, I only have two jobs before me. Would you like to make things easier by
surrendering now?”
Two jobs? Killing Okumura and…?
The floor began to crack underneath Goro’s feet. Goro grit his teeth and glared at the culprit.
“I don’t think so.”
The culprit shrugged. “Fine.”
They summoned their personas at the same time. Through the smoke created by the ruble,
Goro couldn’t quite make out its shape.

Whatever it was, it was strong. Goro let out a strangled gasp for air as a physical attack
nearly ripped him in half.
At least the culprit seemed equally surprised by the strength of Goro’s persona.
Another set of attacks. Goro was less concerned by the culprit’s persona and more concerned
by the rubble beginning to fall very near to his head. He jumped out of the way as a piece of
the floor fell into the void.
Goro and the culprit stared at each other, calculating. Who was going to leave first? Who
would win?
The culprit cursed and spun around, sprinting for the exit. Goro waited two seconds before
following suit.
The palace was collapsing in earnest now. Goro stumbled as half the floor disappeared,
taking away his escape path. He fumbled with his grappling hook and grappled across the
chasm.
Almost there, Goro told himself, rolling out of the way of factory equipment threatening to
crush him. I’m almost there–
He was nearly to the elevator. He was nearly–
The ceiling collapsed in front of the elevator door, sealing the way off. Goro’s stomach
dropped.
Fuck.
Just as suddenly as Goro wondered if he was about to die, the rubble blocking the door
exploded. Goro raised his arms in font of his face as bits of debris sliced at his skin.
“Goro!” Joker shouted, standing where the rubble had been. He grabbed Goro’s hand and
dragged him forward. “Come on!”
The elevator was completely gone. All that was left was the shaft, and Akira shot his
grappling hook at the ceiling above the hole.
“Hold on,” Akira said.
“I thought you were meant to leave!” Goro shouted over the din, shooting his own grappling
hook at the ceiling.
Akira’s eyes burned furiously. “A leader doesn’t leave anyone behind.” Akira coughed as
smoke began to fill the room. “Now come on!”
Goro was speechless as they leapt into the shaft.

“He said he wasn’t surprised to see me,” Goro said quietly later that evening. “And that he
had two jobs.”
“Two jobs?” Akira asked. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
Goro hugged his knees to his chest, utterly exhausted. “I don’t know. I’m more worried about
his lack of surprise. They’re spying on us.”
“You don’t know that,” Akira said firmly. “And Futaba has Kasukabe firmly bugged. He
hasn’t breathed a word of us to anyone.”
“Then someone else is a traitor, someone else took my place—”
“Goro,” Akira said gently, grabbing Goro’s hand. “Nobody with the thieves is a traitor.
Okay? They didn’t betray us last time. They have no reason to betray us this time either.”
Goro laughed bitterly. “Maybe it’s Nyarlathotep back from the dead.”
“Don’t joke about that,” Akira said. “That’s not funny.”
Goro pressed his forehead against his knees. “You’re right,” he said softly. “It’s not. I’m
sorry.”

Late that night, Goro stood in front of the Diet Building with the keywords to Shido’s palace
on the metanav. He hesitated, knowing what he was about to do would not be considered wise
in any respect, but he activated the app anyway.
He spent hours in the palace. Dodging shadows. Doing rat puzzles. Inspecting every room
except the engine room.
He couldn’t find their mystery culprit anywhere.

“Hey, Goro-kun, Akira-kun,” Kasukabe said as they entered Leblanc one evening. “I think I
had an idea.”
“Woah, an idea from the one and only Kasukabe Toshiro,” Akira said. “This I got to hear.”
“I know you’ve been scouring your brains to figure out who this masked persona user or
whatever is,” Kasukabe said. “Well, my father is running a charity gala—”
“Your father the asshole?” Goro asked bluntly.
“Yes, well, a lot of high-profile characters are going to be there,” Kasukabe said, plowing on
ahead. “Maybe your person will be there too.”
“A lot of high-profile characters,” Goro repeated. “Like who?”

“Well… Shido Masayoshi, for one,” Kasukabe said. He frowned when Goro grimaced. “He
needs to keep up with appearances right before the big election. So does everyone. Your
friend Kirijo is invited too. You can probably slide in with her as a plus one.”
“As what, her ward?”
“That’s what you are, aren’t you?”
“It’s definitely too risky for me to go if we’re doing this,” Akira said. “Shido might recognize
me.”
“Recognize you?” Goro demanded. “I was apparently the spitting image of my mother at the
age of ten, what do you think I look like now?”
“Goro, even if he recognizes you, what is he going to do? Attack you in public? Out his
relation to you? Both are going to hurt his reputation way too badly for him to even think
about doing those things.”
“With that logic, you could easily go in my stead.”
Akira shook his head. “You’re the only one who’s spoken with the culprit. You have the best
chance at recognizing him.”
“A slim chance,” Goro said doubtfully. “He might not even be there.”
“You said yourself that the culprit had to have some social standing to be able to maneuver
mementos.”
Goro grit his teeth. “Ugh, fine, I’ll go,” he said. He spun towards Kasukabe. “But if
something goes horribly wrong, I will be blaming you.”
“Uh, okay?” Kasukabe said weakly.
Goro turned around and began to storm out of the building, half-forgetting that he only just
arrived. Akira chased after him.
“Goro, Goro, wait!”
Goro stopped, took a deep breath, and turned around.
To his credit, Akira looked genuinely apologetic.
“You don’t have to do this if you don’t want to,” Akira said apologetically. “I didn’t mean to
pressure you.”
“No,” Goro said. “I do want to. I just… I don’t particularly want to see Shido.”
“You don’t have to go,” Akira said again.

“For the last time, I’m going.” Goro closed his eyes. “You and Toshiro are right. This is an
excellent opportunity to scout for any familiar faces.”
“Alright, just… stay safe,” Akira said. “I’ll see if Haru can come too.”
“I’m sure it will be fine,” Goro said quietly. “Please don’t worry about me.”

Fortunately, seeing as her father was still indisposed, Haru came in her father’s stead to the
gala. She mingled more easily than Goro, assuaging everyone who asked that her father was
fine and that she wasn’t even sure that the Phantom Thieves were real at all, warranting a
laugh from most. Goro mostly stuck by Mitsuru, which was admittedly not the point of
attending.
He held a glass of water and scanned the venue for guests he recognized. There were a few
faces that stood out so much in his memory that he kept half expecting them to approach
Goro with their familiar snide grins and words. Some politicians he recognized but knew
were never a part of the conspiracy, and there were others that he didn’t recognize altogether.
It was difficult to know which category he should be paying the most attention to. The new
culprit could easily be a member of Shido’s pre-existing conspiracy, someone Yaldabaoth just
plucked from the mass of corruption. But the new culprit could just as easily be someone
Goro didn’t recognize, or even a politician who didn’t used to be involved but now was. In
other words, everyone was a suspect.
“I must admit, I’m surprised to see you here, Akechi-kun.”
Surprised at the address, Goro looked away from one suited man that was the same build as
the mysterious persona user. Nanjo Kei strode up to him, wearing a fancy suit that looked
almost strange on him.
“Oh, Nanjo-san,” Mitsuru said, bowing. “I see you were invited as well.”
“Who wasn’t?” Nanjo asked. “I knew this was a major event for Japan’s elite, but I didn’t
realize that random high school students were invited as well.”
“He was allowed to accompany me as my ward,” Mitsuru said.
“It’s been a long time, Nanjo-san,” Goro said. “Have things been going well?”
“As well as they can be, considering the circumstances.” Nanjo raised his eyebrows as he
took a sip out of his wine glass. “Been keeping out of trouble?”
Goro laughed, probably louder than was appropriate.
Haru freed herself from her current conversation and, probably curious by Goro’s laughter,
approached the three of them. She bowed deeply when she saw Nanjo.
“Good evening, Nanjo-san,” she said.

“Okumura-san,” Nanjo said with his own bow. “Is your father feeling well?”
“He’s a little ill, but he’s beginning to feel much better, I believe,” Haru said. “It’s
unfortunate that he fell ill just when these so-called Phantom Thieves sent their calling card
after him.”
“An unbeliever?” Nanjo asked.
“Please,” Haru said. “Stealing hearts and distorted desires? That sounds like something out of
a fairy tale, wouldn’t you think?”
Nanjo looked a little amused at that, probably suspecting the truth through Haru’s association
with Goro. “Fair enough.”
“Come on, Goro-kun,” Haru said. “I have some people I would like to introduce to you.”
Goro felt his stomach swoop. “Are you sure that’s a good idea?”
“It’ll be fine,” she said, taking Goro by the arm and leading Goro to the couple she was
speaking to earlier. Goro didn’t recognize them at all.
“Sasaki-san, allow me to introduce you to my friend, Akechi Goro,” Haru said.
Goro bowed, glancing the man up and down. His height and complexion matched, but that
wasn’t saying much, as the culprit’s skin had been a rather average tan complexion. “A
pleasure to meet you.”
“Where did you happen to meet Okumura-san?” Sasaki asked, his voice lower than Goro
expected.
“I’m associated with the Kirijo group,” Goro said, the lie slipping easily off his tongue.
“We’ve met at similar functions as this one.”
“I see,” Sasaki said. “Impressive for one so young.”
Goro laughed airily. “Yes, well, I guess you could say that I was taken in by the Kirijos at a
young age…”
A truly exhausting conversation followed, and just when the Sasakis went on their way, Haru
dragged Goro over to another man, clearly wanting Goro to get a whole tour of every
potential match in the building.
“Murakami-san,” Haru said. “This was my friend I was speaking about earlier. I know you
were hoping for an opportunity for connections to the Kirijo group.”
Murakami was certainly on the younger side, maybe physically ten years older than Goro.
When he spoke, his voice was not nearly deep enough to match that of the culprit.
“Nice to meet you,” he said. “I heard about you from some of the other guests. You’re Kirijosan’s ward, correct?”

Goro bowed. “That’s correct,” he said. “I’m sorry. I’m afraid I’m not familiar with everyone
here.”
“Murakami Jiro,” Murakami said. “I’m afraid I’m not quite as prestigious as Kirijo-san. I’ve
been recently elected a part of Tokyo’s city council.”
“He’s one of the youngest politicians to be elected,” Haru said. “I think it was about a year
and a half ago, wasn’t it?”
“Almost two years now,” Murakami said. “But enough about me. Tell me a little about
yourself, Akechi-san.”
“Oh, there’s not much to say,” Goro said. “I’m still very much immersed in my studies at the
moment—”
“But there’s discussion of him being next in line to inherit the Kirijo Group in the scenario
that Kirijo-san doesn’t have children,” Haru said cheerfully.
Goro barely schooled his expression in time, horrified at the sudden and completely false
declaration.
“Is that right?” Murakami said.
“Well, it’s only being discussed,” Goro said, glancing back at Mitsuru and wondering if she
had heard. If not, she probably would soon. “There are other candidates far more qualified
than I.”
“That’s what I said to my younger brother too, and then I was elected,” Murakami said.
“Good luck. Now if you’ll excuse me, I see a familiar face I ought to greet.”
Murakami bowed and weaved his way through the crowd and away from Goro and Haru.
Goro turned toward Haru and said as quietly as he could, “What was that?”
“Well, it gives people a reason to talk to you, doesn’t it?” Haru asked.
“It’s a lie,” Goro hissed.
“Well, they don’t need to know that,” Haru said cheerfully. “I’m sure Kirijo-san will be
willing to play along. After all, it’s only ‘in discussion.’”
Goro glanced around the room, half expecting hoards of people to come question him in the
hopes of making a positive impression on a potential heir of the Kirijo group. As he looked
around, however, he spotted a familiar face walking in their general direction.
“Shit,” Goro muttered. “Follow me.”
Goro turned around and began very calmly walking away from Shido. Hopefully Shido
would stop to pander to more potential donors for his election campaign. His heart hammered
against his chest, but he and Haru were barely two feet away from Mitsuru, who was

speaking to someone Goro did recognize to be a part of Shido’s conspiracy, when yet another
man stepped in front of them with an overly friendly smile.
“Okumura-san, and um… Akechi-san, was it? I’ve been meaning to talk to you.”
“Oh, what about?” Haru asked, looking surprised.
The man’s face was familiar. Perhaps he was a part of the fringes of Shido’s conspiracy? Or
had Goro just seen his face on television?
“I heard Akechi-san here has some strong feelings on the upcoming election,” said the man
with a smile that seemed almost snide. “Would you care to share them with me?”
“What do you mean?” Goro asked, feeling uncomfortable. While the possibility of Shido
recognizing him wasn’t out of the question, why would he tell guests about Goro’s animosity
toward him? To turn them against Goro?
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to be so rude,” said the man, bowing. “I only meant to know if you
had any thoughts on who might win?”
“Oh, I’m afraid I haven’t thought much about it,” Goro said. The man’s voice was certainly
closer to that of the culprit. Could he be the one Goro was looking for? It might explain the
strange questions, although Goro had no idea what information the questions were meant to
draw out. “I’m sorry, I never got your name?”
“Apologies, Iwata Ryouta,” he said.
“Iwata-san,” Goro said. “It’s a pleasure to meet you. Perhaps we could continue this
discussion…” Goro caught Shido in the corner of his vision. “…another time. I’m afraid I’m
not feeling extremely well currently. Something in the food must have gotten to me.”
“Of course,” Iwata said, stepping aside and allowing Goro to practically flee the room.

“There were two people I met personally who could be the culprit,” Goro told Futaba later.
“Iwata Ryouta and Murakami Jiro. Both rose to prominence around two years ago, although
Iwata’s timeline fits better with the initial appearance of mental shutdowns.”
“I don’t know…” Futaba said, glancing at the data on her laptop. “It’s pretty unusual for
someone as young as Murakami to have a such a good political career at such a young age.”
“You think Shido elevated his position?”
“Just saying,” Futaba said with half a shrug.
It was true. With that logic, Murakami was the much likelier suspect. If either of them were
the culprit, that is. It could be someone else entirely.

“Iwata asked me a strange question,” Goro mused. “He wanted to know who I thought might
succeed in the upcoming election.”
Futaba waved her hand flippantly. “I wouldn’t worry about it. Rich people ask weird rich
people questions. Not worth wasting brain space over.”
“Do you often spend time with rich people?” Goro asked dryly.
“I hang out with Haru.”
“And she asks you ‘weird rich people questions?’”
“She literally asked me the other day if I enjoyed caviar. Like I have ever eaten caviar before
in my life.”
Goro hummed. “It’s a bit gritty, if I’m honest.”
“Goro, no,” Futaba said, sounding aghast. “You’ve eaten caviar?”
Goro felt oddly defensive at the statement. “Maybe a few times.”
“Weird. Don’t make me consider you a weird rich person.”
“But I’m not rich—”
“Your legal guardian is literally Mitsuru Kirijo, shut up.”
Goro shut up.

“Do the names Iwata or Murakami sound familiar to you at all?” Goro asked Kasukabe the
following night.
“Oh! I know Iwata,” Kasukabe said eagerly. “He’s the one who suggested I go to Leblanc.”
“Is that… guilty behavior?” Ken asked.
“Coffee isn’t very guilty, as a general rule,” Teddie said. “Unless the bitterness represents the
bitterness of your soul.”
“I don’t know,” Goro said, feeling some of his old anxiousness tug at him. “This all feels
extremely unnatural.”
“Maybe Iwata wanted Toshiro to tell him your identities?” Shiho suggested.
“Oh, that’s a good theory,” Ann said, giving Shiho a supportive thumbs up.
“Why would he do that though?” Ryuji asked.
Kasukabe shrugged. “I would literally love nothing more than to not be a part of this.”

“Tough,” Futaba said. “You’re our guy, pops.” She lowered her voice into a mischievous
whisper. “Our guy on the inside.”
“Uh, am I though?” Kasukabe asked, his voice pitching somewhat.
“Just keep an ear out,” Goro sighed. “But don’t stand out. I’d prefer that you don’t die.”
“Wow, thanks,” Kasukabe said. “Real comforting.”

“Man,” Kanji said, casting his gaze around Tokyo station with a look of mild awe. “I’ve
always wanted to see Tokyo.”
“It’s a city,” Goro said. “You’ve been to cities before.”
“Dude, don’t give me that,” Kanji said, rolling his eyes. “This place is way bigger than
Okina. Oh! Do you think we could check out the Tokyo Sky Tree? I heard the view’s
awesome.”
“Sure,” Goro said.
A few hours later, looking out at the view of Tokyo Sky Tree, Kanji lowered his voice into
something more serious.
“Staying safe?” he asked.
“Don’t I always?” Goro muttered.
“No, that’s why I’m asking.”
“Well, I’m literally being eaten alive by not knowing who the metaverse user working for
Shido is, but other than that, I’m great,” Goro said with false cheer. “Thanks for asking.”
“Dude.”
“Seriously,” Goro said. “It’s fine.”
“Uh huh.”
“Oh look!” Goro turned his head, relieved for the distraction. “Is that Yusuke-kun sitting at
the café?”
“Who the heck is Yusuke?” Kanji demanded.
Goro immediately dragged Kanji toward Yusuke, who fortunately caught sight of them and
stood to greet them.
“Yusuke-kun,” Goro said. “Meet Tatsumi Kanji. Kanji, this is Kitagawa Yusuke.”

“An honor to meet you,” Yusuke said. “You must be the artist Teddie-kun speaks so
enthusiastically about.”
“Artist?” Kanji demanded. “Me? What, no, I’m just—”
“I have seen images of your creations,” Yusuke continued, ignoring Kanji’s protests. “The
craftsmanship, the attention to detail… you can see the passion in every stitch and seam. It’s
truly admirable.”
“Um… I don’t think it’s that deep,” Kanji said. “But thanks?”
“Of course,” Yusuke said. “If you don’t mind, could you tell me your creative process? I’ve
been working through a bit of a slump, and while I believe I might be over the tail end of it,
perhaps perspectives from other artists can inspire me to find myself back in my element.”
“Oh, uh, sure, I guess…” Kanji said, scratching the back of his neck and looking extremely
embarrassed. His worries for Goro were surely completely forgotten, at least for now.

“So,” Akira said a few weeks later at darts. “I think I found Maruki’s palace.”
“That’s just fabulous news,” Goro said sarcastically. “Whatever happened to fixing him?”
“I’m trying!” Akira said defensively. “Just… give me a moment!”
“You’ve got this,” Goro said, rolling his eyes, sending a text.
“Also, don’t tell Morgana, but Sumire-chan knows we’re Phantom Thieves,” Akira said,
aiming his dart with one eye closed.
“Is that right?”
“She also has a persona.” Akira’s dart landed firmly in the triple twenty. He always had a
knack for those.
“Unsurprising.”
Akira groaned as he stepped aside, letting Goro take his place in front of the dart board.
“Ugh, telling you any interesting news is so boring. What if I told you I knew who the evil
persona user was? What if I told you it was Sumire?”
“I most certainly would not believe you.”
“Of course, because you’re all-knowing, right?”
Goro gave Akira a side-eye before throwing his dart a few centimeters off the bullseye.
“That’s untrue. For instance, I have a question for you concerning Yoshizawa-san.”
“Oh yeah? What?”

“Does Kasumi-chan know we’re Phantom Thieves?”
“Um, no. She wasn’t with me at the time.”
“Did Sumire indicate she was going to tell her sister?”
Akira shrugged. “I don’t think she will,” he said. “She promised to keep the whole thing a
secret.”
“Well, there you go,” Goro said. “I learned something new today.”
“Huh. I guess you did. First time for everything I guess.”
For that, Goro busted on purpose.

Aigis knocked on the door to Maruki’s professional office. She had checked the office hours
repeatedly on her online database, and while Maruki-sensei spent a great deal of his time
working at Shujin, he still found time to work at his original practice.
Aigis hadn’t even known about Maruki until Goro brought it up maybe a year ago, admitting
that he had omitted Maruki from his original story to the group. Since Aigis was now a
licensed therapist, Goro thought perhaps she could persuade Maruki to not warp reality to his
liking.
As Aigis predicted he would, Maruki opened the door. His eyes widened upon seeing Aigis.
“Oh, you must be the one who made an appointment with me,” Maruki said. “Um… Asousan?”
Aigis nodded. She did not understand the necessity at first, but Mitsuru said Aigis would
have a much easier time navigating Japanese society with a surname. Aigis was a bit
overwhelmed by the sheer number of choices before Ryoji pointed out that his own surname
literally meant ‘full moon’. With that understanding, Aigis chose ‘Asou’ spelled with the
kanji for ‘peace’ and ‘life’ to represent her own peace with what it means to live.
“Alright, Asou-san,” Maruki said. “Please, come inside.”
Aigis followed Maruki into a small room. Maruki sat at a table near a window, and Aigis sat
on the other side.
“So,” Maruki said. “What would you like to talk to me about?”
“I have been thinking a lot lately,” Aigis said, “about what it means to live.”
“That sounds serious.” Maruki clasped his hands together. “Did you come to any answers?”
Aigis nodded. “It took me a while…” she admitted. “But I concluded that to live is to
continue to fight adversity for what one believes in, for the people they believe in, and to

embrace the ups and downs of life.”
Maruki frowned. “But, if possible, wouldn’t it be better to avoid adversity entirely?”
“Problems won’t go away just because you ignore them, Maruki-sensei,” Aigis said. “It’s far
better to confront issues in order to learn to overcome them.”
“True…” Maruki sighed. “If only there was a way to get rid of all the problems in the world.”
“That would be lovely,” Aigis agreed. “But it’s not the world we live in. And even if I had the
opportunity to forget about the trauma I have faced, I would not choose to.” She didn’t
choose to, back when Ryoji gave them that choice so many years ago.
Maruki raised his eyebrows. “No?”
“While it may have been better if it never happened, all of the things I have experienced have
lead me to where I am today,” Aigis said. “The good and the bad. To forget about the bad
would be to forget about the lessons I’ve learned and the person I’ve become along the way.”
“I suppose you may be right,” Maruki said, but Aigis could tell that she had not fully
convinced him.
“Please, think about it,” Aigis said. “Would you like to forget all of your own hardships?”
Maruki didn’t say anything in reply.
“I understand that there are certain events that we wish would go away,” Aigis said. “But
getting rid of those events would get rid of a part of ourselves. Deep down, I think you must
know that, Maruki-sensei.”
“But is that part of ourselves really worth it?” Maruki asked. “I would much rather lose a
piece of myself for the sake of finally having peace of mind.”
“But I would not,” Aigis said firmly. “And I know of many others who would agree with
me.”
Maruki frowned. “Well, I guess you’ve given me a lot to think about, Asou-san. I’ll bear
what you said in mind.”

“Out of curiosity,” Sumire asked Ken in the school highway, lowering her voice so nobody
could hear. “How many Phantom Thieves are there? Hanamura-senpai mentioned something
about the bus reaching max capacity when I said I didn’t want to join.”
“Oh, um, let me think about that for a second,” Ken said. He started muttering under his
breath, counting on his fingers. “Well, I guess officially we have like… eleven? But then
Emiko and Shiho are a part of the support squad, as they call themselves. Apparently
Monster Cat’s their mascot.”

Sumire didn’t realize Yamamoto was in on it too, but come to think of it, that made a lot of
sense. She did see her with Suzui that one time.
“Wow,” Sumire said. “That’s kind of a lot.”
“Not that we wouldn’t have been happy to have you,” Ken said. “But yeah, sometimes its
hard to get a word in edgewise in a conversation because there are so many people in the
room.”
“And to think that I think it’s hard to speak over Kasumi’s energy sometimes,” Sumire joked.
“Speaking of whom…”
Kasumi walked up to the two of them, smiling cheerfully. “Hi guys!” she said. “What’cha
talking about?”
“Oh, just the Phantom Thieves,” Ken said. Sumire raised her eyebrows in alarm. “Have you
seen all that merch that’s coming out?”
Oh. Ken’s just spinning the truth to make it a lie. That was pretty smart, actually.
“Yeah, it’s kind of crazy,” Kasumi said. “And to think this was where it all started. Doesn’t it
make you wonder if one of our classmates are the infamous Phantom Thieves?”
Sumire chuckled weakly. “Um, yeah. It’s a mystery.”
“I personally suspect Mishima-kun,” Ken said with a conspiratorial whisper, getting startled
laugh out of Sumire.
Kasumi smiled amusedly. “Well, the real Phantom Thieves probably aren’t high schoolers,
but who knows, right?”
“Right!” Sumire said, clasping her hands behind her back. “Who knows?”

“Are you staying safe?” Tatsumi asked over the phone. It was probably the tenth time that
year she asked Goro that question.
“I promise I’m focusing on my studies,” Goro fibbed. While Emiko might accept the truth, he
was very leery of telling Tatsumi the truth of his extracurricular activities, especially since—
“All these Phantom Thief rumors worry me,” Tatsumi said. “I knew the city was full of evil
people, but I don’t know what’s causing them to confess. Certainly not Phantom Thieves.”
Tatsumi would never believe him.
“You never know,” Goro said, trying not to sulk.
Tatsumi laughed. “Oh, I forgot that they’re popular with children your age,” she said.
“Kanji’s keeping a close eye on them too.”

Kanji was another person who frequently called Goro to make sure he wasn’t dead. Kanji and
literally everyone else Goro knew who didn’t also live in Tokyo.
Goro loathed to admit it but…
It was kind of nice.

“Goro,” Akira said. “Meet the twins. Caroline and Justine.”
Goro stared at the two children wearing warden’s uniforms in front of him. They both had
gold hair and golden eyes, although they each had an eyepatch covering one of their eyes.
They certainly looked like Velvet Room attendants.
“Are you one of the inmate’s companions?” Justine asked. “Do you keep track of the
progress of his rehabilitation in our stead?”
“You said you were going to take us to see something cool!” Caroline said, glaring at Akira.
“Stupid inmate! Did you lie to us?!”
There was no doubt that the power dynamic at play was extremely screwed. In the past,
Velvet Room attendants were around to help their guests. Theodore had never lorded over
Goro in this manner.
“Do you know someone named Lavenza?” Goro asked them both.
They went dead silent and stared at him with perfectly neutral expressions. A tear slipped
down Justine’s face.
“Nope,” Caroline said first. “Never heard of her.”
“Such a strange notion,” Justine said. “To think that we would know anyone outside of the
Velvet Room is absurdity at best.”
Goro’s frown deepened. Akira shrugged helplessly.
“Well, good news guys,” Akira said brightly. “I’m not a liar. Goro-kun’s friend works part
time at the aquarium, and he’s willing to give us a private tour.”
Both twins’ eyes immediately lit up. “Aquarium?” Caroline asked.
“Could it be… the place rumored to hold underwater creatures of all variety?” Justine asked.
“Where sharks are contained and somehow don’t eat the guests?” Caroline demanded.
“Take us there at once,” Justine told Akira.
“I literally just said we were going there—”
Caroline stamped her foot against the ground. “Now!”

“Have you ever considered not using the collective unconscious to brainwash the entire
population?” Akira asked Maruki at Leblanc.
“The collective unconscious?” Maruki asked, missing the point entirely. “Why, that’s
brilliant! If there was a way to use the cognitive world to…”
Okay, Akira thought to himself glumly as Maruki continued talking. Goro can never know
about this.

“I think my father really has felt a change of heart!” Haru said cheerfully. “He apologized to
me the other day and is arranging to call off the marriage. I think it’s really working!”
“That’s wonderful!” Makoto said. “I’m so happy for you.”
Goro wanted to celebrate and cheer with everyone else, but a nagging feeling of unease
continued to claw from within him. Shido hadn’t just had Okumura killed to frame the
Phantom Thieves, or even because of Okumura’s over-ambitiousness. With a change of heart,
Okumura had the potential to spill many of Shido’s secrets.
“Maybe we should save the destiny land celebration until after he gives his public
statement,” Goro said half-way through the conversation.
“Y-you’re right,” Haru said, looking worried again. “Just to be safe.”
That night, Okumura died on public television. It wasn’t remotely the same death as it was
with the mental shutdowns. It was far less graphic. Okumura simply stopped talking midsentence and started to suffer from some sort of reaction.
Goro put his head in his hands. Poison, if he had to guess. The autopsy reports would show
that too, but Shido had people in that field too. They could forge results to make it a mental
shutdown case.
Just a cog in a machine. Goro had only ever been a cog in the machine. Shido had so many
people he could use to make his plans go exactly as he wanted them.
Couldn’t he fix anything?

Haru sat in Leblanc, trying to stop her head from spinning. Everything was just too horrible,
too overwhelming to bear. Even Leblanc’s delicious coffee didn’t taste very good at the
moment, which was deeply unfortunate, because she had been hoping it would make her feel
better.
“I don’t understand,” she told Akira quietly, not looking up from the mug. “We did
everything right.”

“I know,” Akira said. “I’m sorry.”
“It’s not your fault,” Haru said.
The bell rang as someone entered the café. Haru looked up and was relieved to see Kirijo-san
enter.
“Kirijo-san!” Haru said, bowing deeply. “Thank you so very much for coming.”
“Of course, Okumura-san,” Kirijo said. “Goro said you wanted to meet with me?”
“Yes, I just… I know you also lost your father when you were around my age, and I know it’s
not fair to compare experiences, but I have an entire company as well as grief and…” Haru
wilted. “I just don’t know what to do. Goro-kun said you might be able to help.”
“I’m more than happy to help a friend of Goro’s,” Kirijo said. She sat down across from Haru
at the table, and Akira quietly excused himself. “But let’s not get trapped in the business side
of it. How are you doing, first of all?”
“I…” Haru bit her lip, and she felt her eyes well-up with tears. “I don’t know. He was
horrible, but… he was still my father.”
“Of course.”
Okumura took a deep breath and shook her head. “But I’d prefer not to think about that right
now, if you don’t mind.”
“Alright.” Kirijo put on a more serious expression. “What do you know about running a
company?”
“Not much,” Haru said helplessly. “And to make matters worse, I’m still expected to keep my
engagement with my fiancé.”
“Well,” Kirijo said fiercely, her eyes lighting up with a vindictiveness that Haru couldn’t help
but admire. “I can tell you firsthand how to deal with that.”

The group agreed to lay low after Okumura’s death. Over the course of the next month, Goro
waited for someone to ask to join the team.
Nobody did.
The police interviewed the students late into October. Goro smiled sweetly as an asshole
detective asked him to sit.
“Akechi-kun, ah, you’re the other transfer student,” said the polite detective. “It says here
you had some… issues with Kamoshida?”

“That’s right,” Goro said. “I was trying to defend a student from him and he became a bit…
violent with me.”
“I’m terribly sorry to hear that,” said the detective. “It looks like you have an interesting set
of friends. You hang out with the student on probation, Hanamura-kun?”
“He’s a childhood friend.”
“I see.”

“Is something the matter, Niijima-san?”
Sae glanced up from her computer, surprised by Shirogane’s unexpected appearance. But
then again, Shirogane always did appear whenever mental shutdowns or the Phantom
Thieves were involved.
“I was thinking about the Phantom Thieves,” Sae said, tucking her hair behind her ear
thoughtfully. “Don’t you think it’s suspicious that Okumura had a mental shutdown just after
the Phantom Thieves sent them a calling card? And we’ve recently discovered that Principal
Kobayakawa also received a calling card.”
Shirogane’s eyes widened, but Sae spotted a disagreeing frown. “Perhaps that’s what the
official records say… but are you really suggesting the Phantom Thieves are behind the
mental shutdowns?”
Sae bristled. “Isn’t that the most logical conclusion?”
“On the contrary,” Shirogane said, “Too many facts refuse to line up the way they should.
These mental shutdowns have been occurring for years now, but the Phantom Thieves have
only made themselves known earlier this year. Additionally, you and I have both been
investigating these mental shutdowns. Okumura’s death did not look like it shared any of the
symptoms.”
Sae had to begrudgingly agree. She originally thought Okumura had a stroke of some kind
before the autopsy claimed mental shutdown. Still, Sae had no reason to question an official
document. And besides—
“But who else could it be?” Sae demanded.
“If I knew, Niijima-san, we wouldn’t be standing her having this conversation, would we?”

Minato woke up one Sunday to the sound of frantic knocking on his front door. Hit with
instinctive worry, especially with the new animosity toward the Phantom Thieves, he
scrambled out of bed to get it, but by the time he reached the front room, Ryoji was already
opening the door for their unexpected guest.

A small girl burst into the room, quickly bowed, and said, “Sorry to bother you, but Gorokun’s here, right? The new Ultimate Fantasy game finally came out and he promised he
would watch me play—”
“I’m right here, I’m right here,” Goro murmured, stepping out of his bedroom with an
exhausted expression and holding Taiyaki’s fish food in one hand. Ken peaked his head out
into the hall from his own room.
“What’s happening?” he asked. “Did I hear Ultimate Fantasy?”
“Didn’t you know?” the girl demanded. “The new game came out today, and it took all of my
self-control not to start playing it at the stroke of midnight!”
Goro frowned. “Did you own it at the stroke of midnight?” he asked.
Futaba huffed exasperatedly. “No, I had to wait for the stores to open, buy a copy, and now
I’m here, and we’re playing.”
“Do we even have a console in this apartment?” Ryoji asked, because somehow he was
following the conversation far better than Minato was.
“There’s one in my room,” Goro said. “Futaba apparently saved for the past four years to
give me one for my eighteenth birthday.”
“And it wasn’t ulteriorly motivated at all,” Futaba said. “I would never give someone a gift
just so I could crash at their house at six in the morning to play video games with them. And
say hi to their cat. Where is Monster Cat, by the way?”
Ken burst out laughing as Monster Cat, probably summoned by his name, strutted out of the
kitchen and toward Futaba. Futaba immediately bent down and scratched Monster Cat’s head.
Minato blinked, too tired to get the joke. “Um…”
“Anyway!” Futaba said. She grabbed Goro and Ken by the arm and dragged them toward
Goro’s room. “We’ve got a game to play!”
Goro waved goodbye to the two of them just before Futaba slammed the door shut. Ryoji and
Minato stared at each other in the now very blessed silence.
“I’m going back to bed,” Minato said.
Ryoji smiled sympathetically. “I’ll make breakfast.”

Makoto somehow wrangled the group into helping her with preparing for the school festival.
They spent half their time sorting through the names of celebrities that students wanted to
visit the school at a special panel.

“I think Kujikawa might be winning,” Makoto said with a long suffering sigh. “But how am I
going to get a hold of her?”
“Just have Akira call her,” Ann said.
Makoto’s eyes widened. “What?”
“Oh, you weren’t here for this conversation, were you?” Ryuji asked, grinning. “Yeah, Akirakun grew up in the same town as Kujikawa, or something.”
“I don’t actually have her number, unfortunately,” Akira said. “But Goro does.”
“Wait, wait, let me guess,” Ryuji said. “She’s yet another person who was a persona user in
your whacky persona hijinks.”
“Got it in one,” Goro said, marking down another vote for Kujikawa. The field trip to the TV
station must have pushed her to the front of most of the second year’s minds.
“Dude…” Ryuji said. “I was joking.”
“As a general rule,” Ken said. “If Goro’s friends with them, they were a former persona user.
The one exception being Emiko-chan.”
“That has to be an exaggeration,” Makoto said.
“Unfortunately,” Goro said defeatedly, “it’s not.”

The school festival came and went, and finally, Akira called everyone to meet.
“We have to do something,” Akira said. “I know it feels like we’re stuck, but we can’t keep
hiding forever. That’s like saying to Shido that he’s won.”
“Then what should we do?” Makoto asked.
“I say we strike at the source,” Ryuji said. “It’s this Shido guy’s fault, right? Let’s just change
his heart and be done with it.”
“Going straight for the baddie has always worked before,” Teddie said.
“It really has,” Ken said. “Like, genuinely.”
Goro frowned. “I just don’t know if we’re strong enough for that yet.”
“If we keep hiding, we’ll never be strong enough,” Akira said firmly. “I say we put that
bastard in his place, starting tomorrow. Who’s with me?”
Slowly, everybody raised their hands.

Chapter End Notes

I love Toshiro guys. Toshiro is so great. Please. I love him.
Also I know what you must be thinking, 'author, you claimed this fic was complete in
september, but tactica didn't come out until November! were you lying?' The answer is
that it was but I didn't really like what I did for some of this epilogue so I changed it.
And Toshiro happened to be in my life by that point.
Also you might have noticed I implemented some of y'alls ideas from the poll. You guys
know who you are but also like some of the implementations were suggested by like
multiple people so I think you are all operating on the same brain cell.
Canon divergence is getting spicy.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please be nice in the comments. <3

Chapter 100: November, 2016–February, 2017
Chapter Summary

Good news all my usersubs who are all somehow still subscribed to me in spite of the
fact that you have never read this fic!
This is the last chapter!

Chapter Notes

tw: violence, injury, guns, brainwashing, grief

See the end of the chapter for more notes

They were no sooner two days into infiltrating the damned palace when Goro heard more
noise than usual coming from the lower levels.
“Wait a minute,” Futaba said, pulling up her holographic display. “I’m getting some strange
readings.” Her eyes widened. “Woah! The security level has gone way up!”
She pulled up an image of shadows multiplying in the grand lobby of Shido’s cruise ship. But
worse yet, Goro could already see men in dark suits pushing their way into the lobby area.
“It’s an ambush,” Goro said immediately.
“Like the one that was meant to happen at my sisters’ palace?” Makoto asked. “But how–”
“No time for that,” Akira said. “Getting out of here is our number one priority.”
“Um, I don’t know about that,” Futaba said, pulling up another screen. “There are tons of
guys blocking our exit.”
Officers had filled up nearly the entirety of the ship’s deck. From the limited view of the
screen, Goro could see them shifting toward the ship’s sides as well. It would only be minutes
before the entire ship was filled with the full power of Shido’s police force.
“Hide,” Ryuji hissed.
They ducked further down a side hall, one that blessedly didn’t turn them into rats. But…

“We can use the rat puzzle as a diversion,” Goro said. “If we turn most of the traps back on,
any real people who try to go through this maze will hopefully also be turned into mice.”
“Alright, but how do we get off the ship?” Haru asked.
“On a ship this size, wouldn’t there be lifeboats?” Yusuke asked.
Goro genuinely couldn’t remember if there were. “That’s assuming Shido’s ego isn’t the size
of Tokyo–”
“We split up,” Akira said authoritatively. Everybody shut up to listen. “In pairs so that
nobody gets ambushed on their own. We have grappling hooks. Use them to stay above the
crowds. I’m going to act as a diversion.”
“No,” Goro said. “That’s reckless and unnecessary.”
“There’s an odd number of us,” Akira said. “And three people is too many to quickly travel
together. One of us has to go, and it might as well be me.”
“We all know how that story ends,” Yusuke said.
“With us defeating the bad guy?” Akira asked with false cheer. He glanced at Goro. “You
wanted me to trust you before. Now you have to trust me.”
That was easy for Akira to say. Akira hadn’t seen himself drugged and beaten and shot.
But there was no arguing with him now.
“Fine,” Goro said. “Oracle, you’re with me.”
“What? Why?” Futaba asked.
“He’s right,” Akira said. “Phoenix’s the strongest, and you have next to no fighting
experience.” He pulled out his grappling hook. “Alright. Let’s go.”
Akira ran down the hall without another word. The men in the black suits began to follow
him.
How had they found them? Then again, perhaps Shido’s own palace was the easiest one to
predict they would be.
There was no time to worry about it now. Goro grabbed Futaba by the arm and sprinted in a
random direction, turning the mice puzzles back on as he went. They ducked down into a
vent and began to crawl. Futaba directed Goro toward a vent that would theoretically lead
them outside the ship. In the meantime, she directed everyone else toward exits.
“How’s Joker?” Goro asked. As they stopped in front of a vent grate. He peered through the
cracks. Sure enough, it seemed to lead outside, but there were cops everywhere.
Futaba could fly out on her persona easily enough. Goro would have to improvise.

“He’s still kicking,” Futaba said, her voice on edge.
“And the others?”
“Everyone’s out except Mona and Skull, and they’re nearly there. Hurry up and kick the grate
open already!’
Goro pulled his gun out and shot at the nails keeping the grate in. Once it looked loose
enough, he shoved at it with his shoulder with all his might. The grate fell out with a loud
pop, and a few officers shouted in pain as it landed on their heads.
Goro’s brief satisfaction was interrupted by tens of guns aimed in their direction.
“Freeze!” shouted one of the officers.
Goro glanced up the side of the ship. There was an outcropping he could launch his grappling
hook at to hopefully get out of the officers’ line of fire.
“What’s Mona and Skull’s status?” Goro asked quietly, not moving a muscle.
“Now come out with your hands behind your head!” the officer shouted.
“They’re out,” Futaba said with hushed victory. “Joker’s still distracting the others.”
“Are you listening?!”
“I want you to escape with your persona,” Goro said.
“What about you?” Futaba demanded.
“What do you think?” Goro asked. “I’m going to save Joker’s stupid ass.”
Futaba’s expression wavered.
“If you do not follow directions, we will open fire!”
“Alright,” Futaba said, her voice somewhat relieved. “Bring him back.”
Goro shot his grappling hook without another word. Thundering bullets pinged off the wall’s
metal side, following Goro’s heels. Goro jumped onto the roof and ducked behind a
smokestack. He glanced at the sky. Futaba’s persona flew above the scores of officers and
disappeared back into the real world.
Okay. Good.
“Joker!” Goro snapped over his transceiver. “What’s your status?”
No response. Shit.
Shouts were coming from the stern. Shouts that sounded distinctly like “We’ve got him!”

Shit, shit, shit, shit.
Goro sprinted toward the edge of the ship roof and glanced down at the crowd below. A
spotlight shone on Akira’s body lying on the ground as one of the officers grabbed him by the
hair and shoved his face into the ground.
Goro grit his teeth and pulled out his grappling hook. It would be dangerous, but maybe he
could grapple to Akira’s body, grab him, and–
“Don’t bother with heroics, Akechi-kun,” said a familiar voice behind him. “It’s futile.”
Goro twisted his body and cocked his gun at the same culprit from before. Same dark
clothing. Same nearly completely covered face.
The only difference was that instead of immediately attacking Goro, the culprit merely had
his gun drawn and pointed toward Goro’s face.
“Who are you?” Goro demanded.
“Someone who makes a point not to be painfully obvious,” said the culprit.
Goro opened his mouth to demand to know what that was supposed to mean, but he heard
footsteps to his right. He spun toward the stranger, who he recognized as Iwata. The culprit
took advantage of his distraction and kicked Goro in the side, causing him to plummet off the
edge of the roof.
Goro landed on the ground with a painful thump, and his vision blurred. Officers grabbed his
arms roughly and snapped handcuffs around them, and the culprit jumped down from above.
“Sorry,” he said, raising the hilt of his dagger. “Captain’s orders.”
Goro tried to summon his persona, but the dagger hilt came down too quickly, slamming into
his skull—

Goro sat in the back of a police car, his vision still swimming. Iwata sat to his right, looking
at Goro passively.
So Iwata wasn’t the culprit after all.
Goro glanced out the window and realized that they weren’t moving. They were simply
parked outside the Diet Building.
“What’s going on?” Goro asked, glancing at his cuffed hands. “Aren’t you arresting me?”
Iwata removed a gun from the inside of his coat and pointed it at Goro, who stiffened.
“Shido-san would like to speak with you,” he said.

Goro felt his chest freeze over. “Representative Shido?” he asked, playing dumb. “Why
would he wish to speak with me?”
“You really want to try that after being caught in his palace?” Iwata asked.
Goro swallowed. “What does he want with me?”
“I’m going to uncuff you,” Iwata said roughly, not answering Goro’s question. “But if you
make any attempt to escape—”
“You’ll shoot me,” Goro said hoarsely. “I got the message, thank you.”

Iwata uncuffed Goro and escorted him into the Diet Building. Fortunately, since all Goro’s
injuries were obtained in the metaverse, he came out without a concussion. Unfortunately,
Goro might prefer a concussion as Iwata opened the door to Shido’s office.
Goro didn’t move at first, staying stubbornly in the hall, but Iwata pushed him inside.
Shido sat behind his desk, a smile on his face when he saw Iwata and Goro.
“Akechi-kun,” Shido said, his eyes glinting from behind his glasses. He gestured to the chair
in front of the desk. “Have a seat.”
Goro set his jaw and kept his feet firmly planted in the ground. “No.”
“No?” Shido stood up the way he always did when he was displeased. “Akechi-kun, you
should know by now. Nobody says no to me.”
“And you don’t get to tell me what to do,” Goro snapped, even as his chest pounded.
Iwata grabbed Goro tightly by the arm and yanked Goro forward. Goro gasped in pain, and
he stumbled, grabbing onto Shido’s desk for support. Iwata grabbed Goro’s shoulders and
shoved him into the seat.
“Like I said,” Shido said with a little smirk. “Nobody says no to me. Iwata, you may go.”
Iwata bowed and left the room without another word.
“What do you want?” Goro bit out. “The last time we spoke, you made it abundantly clear
that you didn’t want anything more to do with me.”
“And your final letter,” Shido said with disgust, “expressed the same sentiment. But that was
before recent… developments.”
“What? That I’m a Phantom thief? Wouldn’t our leader be more worthy of your time?”
“Oh, trust me, we’ve got him in hand,” Shido said, causing a rush of fear to spike through
Goro’s chest. “But your little friend isn’t the one who bent time to his will.”

What? How did Shido know that? How did he know that?
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Goro said. A half-truth. Goro never bent time to
his own will.
Shido raised an eyebrow. “No? Care to explain this… informative conversation you had with
your meddling friends, then?”
Shido removed his phone from his pocket and played an audio recording. Goro froze as his
own voice came from the speakers.
“I… was the one… originally behind the mental shutdowns.”
So, someone had been spying. Kasukabe, most likely. Damn. Why had they been as naïve as
to believe him when he said they meant them no harm?
“Who gave you that recording?” Goro demanded.
“Despite his complete lack of a spine, Kasukabe has his uses,” Shido said, his triumphant
smirk growing. “And your group had some very enlightening conversations. I hardly believed
it at first, but how could I not when you knew so much? My plans… my internal
operations…”
“Then you know how this ends,” Goro said, grinning even though he was almost certainly
going to die soon. “You lose. You lose everything.”
“Yes, I heard how miserably you failed me,” Shido said, his eyes flashing. “Falling for such a
petty trick by a group of teenagers, allowing yourself to get killed instead of finishing the
fucking job. It’s little wonder the Phantom Thieves were able to change my heart. I was
utterly defenseless.”
“If that’s what you want to call it—”
“But this time, I have the advantage,” Shido said. “Knowledge is power. I let you and your
friends assume you had the upper hand while I planned. Your leader will perish, unable to
slip away this time, and you, Akechi-kun, are going to tell me everything.”
“Everything?” Goro demanded, jumping to his feet. “Kasukabe’s recordings don’t tell you
everything? Your hoards of connections haven’t told you everything? What more do you want
from me? My family history? Because, funnily enough, I think you know about as much as I
do—”
Shido’s hand flew toward Goro’s face and hit him across the cheek, causing his head to whip
sideways.
Goro looked up at Shido with no small amount of alarm, his cheek pulsing in pain. Shido had
never hit him before. Admittedly, that was back when Goro was working with Shido, but
still… this change was alarming. Goro felt as though he had lost his footing in the
conversation.

Shido wrung his hand out with a disgusted expression, as though it was Goro’s fault Shido
had decided to slap him. Goro didn’t even try to move out of the way when Shido grabbed
him by the jacket of his uniform and pushed him back into his seat.
“You have some very powerful connections, Akechi-kun,” Shido said, towering over Goro.
“While your little stunt at Kasukabe’s event was laughable, Kirijo was willing to play along
with the idea that someone of your background would ever have been considered as an heir to
the Kirijo family.”
“Your point?” Goro asked through gritted teeth, even though he already knew what it was.
“The Kirijo group has secrets, secrets I’ve been trying to uproot for years,” Shido hissed.
“And you will tell me every single one of them. While you’re at it, you are going to tell me
the exact order of events that led to my downfall, sparing no detail.”
“And if I don’t?” Goro asked quietly.
Shido grinned. “Then I will have each and every one of your friends shot.”
Goro’s mouth felt suddenly dry. Surely Shido wouldn’t be so audacious. “But—but what will
the media—”
“It’s so horrible how rampant crime has become in Japan,” Shido said in faux sadness. “So
many of our young killed. Such a thing would never occur when I’m Prime Minister.”
Goro tried to keep his expression calm as his mind raced. Images of his dead friends flashed
across his mind.
“I see we’ve come to an understanding,” Shido said triumphantly, sitting down behind his
desk. “Now, talk.”

Futaba sprinted the whole way home.
“Sojiro!” she shouted into Leblanc, which was devoid of customers. “If the news says Akira
is dead, it might not be true! Consult me! Don’t panic! Everything will be fine!”
“Dead?!” Sojiro followed Futaba out of Leblanc, but Futaba was already half-way across
Yongen-Jaya. “What are you talking about?!”
“I’ll explain later!” Futaba shouted back.
She slid into her house and burst into her room.
The good news: Akira and Futaba had prepared for this probability. Shido had done
something like this in the last timeline, so it wasn’t a lot to assume that it would happen
again. Admittedly, the plan was shoddily made and relied on a lot of unknowns. It was a
miracle Goro was able to give them the keywords for Niijima’s palace, or it wouldn’t have
been possible at all.

Alright Sae, Futaba thought as she typed frantically on her computer and called Makoto at the
same time. Please cooperate. Please.

The SIU director refused to let Sae interrogate the prisoner, no matter how desperately she
begged.
“You’re no longer on the case, Niijima-san,” he said. “I’m sorry, but there’s nothing I can do
about it.”
Sae resisted the temptation to slam her heel into the ground when Shirogane entered the hall,
because of course.
“Perhaps you could allow me to speak to the prisoner,” Shirogane said smoothly, glancing at
Sae uneasily. Admittedly, Shirogane had never treated Sae like competition, but Sae couldn’t
help but to feel overstepped nonetheless.
“Nobody speaks to the prisoner except for authorized personnel,” said the guard.
“I’m sorry, Niijima-san, but my answer is final,” the SIU director said at the same time,
hanging up on Sae before she could get another word in edgewise.
“That’s—that’s—”
“Ridiculous,” Shirogane said sharply, voicing Sae’s thoughts exactly. “We are both heavily
involved in the case. Why exactly can we not speak to the prime suspect?”
“The suspect already signed a written confession,” said the guard. “There’s no need for
further interrogation.”
“He confessed?” Sae asked, somewhat shocked. Why would the prisoner do that?
Shirogane icily stared at the guards. “I implore you to reconsider.”
“No.”
Sae huffed, unable to conceal her frustrated rage. “Fine,” she said. “Forget it. I’m sorry for
bothering you.”
Sae spun around and stormed off, but, strangely enough, Shirogane followed her.
“Niijima-san,” Shirogane said urgently. “I need your help.”
“My help?” Sae let out a slightly offended laugh, even though Shirogane had never done
anything to insult her. “What do you need my help for?”
“Hanamura-kun is in grave danger,” Shirogane said. “And I need your help to save him.”

Goro kept his expression neutral as he said, “You lost because the Phantom Thieves defeated
your only persona user and then stole your heart.”
“Details, Akechi-kun,” Shido said. “Or would you like Yamamoto to die first?”
“What more do you want me to say?” Goro demanded. “I was killed by my own cognitive
self. In essence, you were the one who killed me. After I died, the Phantom Thieves sent a
calling card and stole your heart from your palace. You had a change of heart, confessed on
live television, and people didn’t vote for you. The end.”
“And after?”
“After—” Goro sputtered. “What part of I died is so hard to understand?”
“And yet you know of my downfall,” Shido said impatiently. “I find that fact rather
interesting. Care to explain? Or would you like to continue pretending your death is the end
of your story?”
Goro grit his teeth, because if Shido didn’t know about Maruki, then Goro was not going to
be the one to introduce the two. “I can’t explain it.”
“Do you understand your situation, Akechi-kun?” Shido spat. “You are not the one with the
upper hand. I am. So unless you want to see the deaths of everyone you love, and yes, I do
mean everyone, then you will tell me exactly how you know what you know right fucking
now.”
Goro grinned crookedly, his mind grasping for an answer that wasn’t the truth. “Didn’t you
say it yourself?” he asked. “I bent time to my will.”
Shido’s eyes glinted. Greedy. The way they did when Goro first came to Shido suggesting he
had a way to enter the metaverse. Most people would dismiss cognitive pscience out of hand,
but Shido always had a fascination with the supernatural.
“How?” Shido asked.
“Oh, exactly as you picture it,” Goro said casually, doing his best to ignore the panic coursing
through his veins. At any moment, Shido could see through his lie, and then who knew what
might happen. “Just before I died, I summoned my persona, which had a time warping ability.
Unfortunately, it’s rather hard to predict, so I sent myself forward into the future. And then,
well, I was in the middle of a battle and my persona went haywire. That’s how I found myself
eight years in the past.”
Shido narrowed his eyes. “If you truly have this ability, why haven’t you used it?”
“Didn’t you hear me?” Goro asked. “It’s difficult to control. I can’t really predict where I’ll
end up, so I’ve stopped using it.”
“Maybe you haven’t used it enough,” Shido said, the greediness in his tone becoming
stronger.

“Shido-san,” Goro said sweetly. “No amount of practice is going to make me be able to bend
time travel to my will. Not in the way you would like it to be. I’m utterly useless to you.”
“That is for me to decide,” Shido said.
“Let me put it this way, then,” Goro said. “I will not work for you. I would rather die than put
myself into your service again.”
“I don’t like repeating myself, nor do I think I need to,” Shido said. “Now, I feel I know
everything I need to prevent the Phantom Thieves from ruining my plans. After Hanamura
thoroughly dies, I doubt your cohort will be quite as strong as they once were, and if we see
or hear of any of them lurking around the Diet Building, then… well, I don’t need to explain
to you what will happen next.”
“You won’t be able to stop them,” Goro hissed. “They will stop at nothing—”
“And I will stop at nothing to ensure that my ascension is secured.” Shido slammed his hand
against the desk. “Now, Akechi, I believe I requested two conditions for your loved one’s
lives. Tell me what Kirijo knows. Now.”
Goro schooled his expression. “I don’t know any of Kirijo Group’s secrets. As you said,
someone of my background doesn’t have the privilege to that information.”
“Nice try,” Shido spat. Goro could smell alcohol on his breath. “But I don’t believe that for a
second. I know you and Amada have been acquainted with Kirijo for nearly a decade, so
don’t you dare pretend that you don’t know something that I don’t.”
“Her grandfather exploded a school,” Goro said, because even if Shido wanted to use that as
blackmail against Mitsuru, there wasn’t enough evidence to make it effective.
“School? Gekkoukan High?”
"He was performing experiments against shadows, and it went haywire. The world almost
ended because of it, by the way—”
“Are there still records of those experiments?” Shido asked.
“No,” Goro said. “And they didn’t learn anything worth using anyway.”
Please believe me, please believe me.
Shido mouth thinned, clearly trying to decide if Goro was lying or not. Eventually, he sighed
explosively and pinched the bridge of his nose. “Well, I wouldn’t call this venture completely
fruitless, at least.”
Goro said nothing. Assaulting Shido would get him nowhere in his position, but he hated
sitting here passively.
Shido removed his phone from his pocket and started a call. “Iwata, come take Akechi-kun.
I’m done with him for now. Try not to hurt him too much. He might still have his uses.”

Iwata entered the room, and Goro stood up before Iwata would make him.
“You won’t win,” Goro said. “No matter what you do, they will find a way to put you in your
place—”
“Say whatever you would like to make yourself feel better,” Shido said, standing up and
gazing out the window, as if he were surveying his kingdom. “But I think we both know
who’s already won.”

“Okay, this is really not great…” Futaba muttered upon realizing that the location of Akira’s
phone was the Diet Building, which was almost certainly not where Akira himself was being
kept. There went basically their entire plan to break Akira out in the case of an emergency,
but that was fine, Futaba would just have to find another way—
Her phone began ringing, and she frantically picked it up.
“What is it?” she snapped.
“Shirogane-san just called,” Ken said. “Apparently, Niijima-san isn’t being allowed to
interrogate Akira. Shirogane wants one of our phones delivered so that Niijima might be able
to get into the metaverse and bypass security.”
“Woah, is Niijima down with that?” Futaba asked.
“Not even remotely,” Ken said. “Makoto’s calling her.”
“Clearly, we’re being spied on,” Futaba said. “So, either Leblanc is bugged or—”
“Kasukabe?” Ken suggested.
“Kasukabe,” Futaba agreed. “Um, who do you think is the least likely to be suspected if they
walk up to the Diet building? They can deliver one of our phones.”
“I think I know,” Ken said.

“Save the prisoner—” Sae began, before realization caught up to her indignance.
“Hanamura-kun is the prisoner?”
“Niijima-san, I need you to listen to me,” Shirogane snapped. “There’s no time to waste.”
“No, wait, what makes you think I’m going to go along with this?” Sae asked, flabbergasted
by Shirogane’s audacity.
Shirogane didn’t answer before Sae’s phone began ringing. Sae almost ignored it, but she got
hit with the sudden hope that maybe the SIU director changed his mind, that she would be
permitted to interrogate the prisoner… Hanamura-kun—

Makoto’s contact appeared on her phone screen, and Sae glanced between it and Shirogane in
irritation. What could Makoto possibly want now?”
“Perhaps you should answer that,” Shirogane said.
Sae rolled her eyes and accepted the call. She wouldn’t be able to live with herself if it was
an emergency.
“Sis!” Makoto immediately said, sounding just as, if not more, urgent as Shirogane. “You
need to do what Shirogane says.”
“Wha—how do you know about that?”
“Because I’m a Phantom Thief,” Makoto said. “And if you don’t help Akira-kun, then he is
literally going to die.”
“A Phantom Thief—” Sae sputtered. “Makoto! This is no time for jokes—”
“I’m not joking!” Makoto shouted, louder than Sae ever heard her. “Please! If you love me, if
you care about me at all, please just listen to Shirogane.”
Sae flinched at the bluntness of Makoto’s tone. “Makoto… What’s going on with you? Are
you seriously implying…”
“You and I both know the Phantom Thieves aren’t the ones responsible for the mental
shutdowns,” Shirogane said. “So, please. Don’t let a child die.”
“Please, Sis,” Makoto begged. “Just follow the plan, and I’ll explain everything. I promise.”
Sae hesitated. She didn’t know what to think about all of this, but if what they were saying
was true…
Sae took a deep breath and went against all her better instincts. “Alright,” she said. She
lowered her phone and turned toward Shirogane. “What do you need me to do?”

“Excuse me!” Sumire said, sprinting past pedestrians with her phone in her hand. “Coming
through!”
Sumire sprinted to the courthouse, and her stomach swooped upon seeing police cars outside.
She knew Hanamura-senpai was in there, locked up somewhere. Ken had been sparse on the
details, but he made it very clear that she needed to give her phone to Shirogane-san, or
things might get nasty really quickly.
Fortunately, Shirogane was already waiting for her outside the courthouse, wearing an
extremely impatient expression. Sumire skidded to a halt and held out her phone. “Here!” she
gasped. “The password is 032501!”

“Thank you,” Shirogane said, taking the phone with a bow and immediately running toward
the building. Sumire stood there, gasping for breath, and wondered if she would ever see her
phone again.
Oh well. A phone was way less important than someone’s life.
Please be okay, she prayed. Please.

“Stall,” Shirogane had said, like that was easy. Sae waited impatiently by the entrance of the
hall, waiting for any suited strangers to walk downstairs with a gun in hand. Naturally, none
did, and she was half-expecting to find out that Shirogane and Makoto were pulling her a fast
one.
She heard footsteps come from around the corner, and Sae perked up. Was it Shirogane? Or
this mysterious person she had to stall?
It was not Shirogane. Instead, a suited man that Sae didn’t recognize at all began to approach.
“Who are you?” Sae demanded, choosing to play the ‘pissed at losing the case’ card. Since
she really was pissed, it was easy.
“I’m the one spearheading the mental shutdown case, Niijima-san,” said the man pleasantly.
“After such a dismal failure on your part, someone had to step up to the plate.”
“Is that right?” Sae asked. “I take it you’re here to interrogate the prisoner, then?”
“That’s correct,” said the man with a condescending smile. “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I don’t
have any time to waste.”
The man began to walk past Sae, and Sae felt a spike of panic. “Wait!” she said. “You didn’t
give me your name!”
The man stopped walking, and he turned toward Sae with a slightly disdainful expression.
“Murakami Kou.”
“Murakami-san,” Sae said. “Why are you bothering to interrogate the prisoner? He already
confessed.”
“To ascertain his methods and any coconspirators, of course,” Murakami said. “Not all of us
are only after that guilty verdict, you know. I would like to prevent anything like this from
happening again.”
He continued walking away. Out of the corner of her eyes, Sae could see Shirogane running
toward her.
“He just passed me,” Sae said tightly.

“Here’s the phone,” Shirogane said, shoving the aforementioned phone into Sae’s hands. The
strange app was already open, and Shirogane immediately pressed a button that Sae didn’t
quite have the chance to read.
“Beginning Navigation,” said the app, and the world began to shift around her.
It was a good thing that Makoto gave her the rundown of the plan before Shirogane handed
her the phone, or Sae would be desperately confused here.
Now in the metaverse, or whatever it was called, Sae sprinted down the hall. She rounded the
corner to the interrogation room, where an officer stood outside the door. Fortunately, since
this place was apparently her palace, the officer didn’t even bother stopping her as she burst
into the room.
A fake version of Hanamura sat behind the table, and Sae fumbled with the phone, exiting the
metaverse.
The real version of Hanamura was an absolute wreck. Bruises covered his face, and his eyes
were unfocused. Sae spotted an empty syringe on the ground, and she was suddenly very glad
that she chose to help. What were those bastards thinking?
The doorknob rattled, and the door began to open.
“Shit,” Sae muttered. She grabbed Hanamura by the arm, more ungently than she intended.
Hanamura let out a small groan. “Come on, we have to go.”
“Sure,” Hanamura muttered.
Sae entered the metaverse again just as Murakami entered the room. The world shifted
around them, but, this time, the difference was more obvious. Hanamura-kun was wearing an
outfit that certainly belonged to the leader of the Phantom Thieves, for one. For another,
Murakami somehow followed them in, wearing a black hood and trench coat and a massive
mask.
“Well then,” Hanamura said, looking stronger despite his injuries.
“You thought it would be that easy?” Murakami demanded. “We know all your secrets.”
“Oh yeah? Persona!” Hanamura shouted.
“What the—”
Sae shrieked in alarm as a strange creature appeared out of nowhere and a blast of magic
caused Murakami to fly backwards into the wall.
“Alright, time to run,” Hanamura said.
He grabbed Sae by the arm and began sprinting at a speed that someone in his condition
should not be capable of. Sae followed him, but, unfortunately, Hanamura’s attack was not
enough to knock Murakami unconscious.

“Moriaty!” Murakami shouted, sending a blast of magic their way. Sae stumbled at the
sudden and overwhelming pain, but Hanamura only summoned a different creature that
healed them before sending a blast of fire toward Murakami.
“Just keep moving,” Hanamura told Sae. He glanced over his shoulder at Murakami who was
still chasing them. “You know, you’re kinda reminding me of my worst trauma so… maybe
stop that! Please?!”
Murakami did not, as Hanamura requested, stop that. They narrowly avoided another blast of
magic as they scrambled up the stairs and entered an open area that resembled a casino of all
places, and Hanamura grabbed Sae suddenly by the waist.
“So sorry, but I swear this will help,” he said. He shot his arm out toward one of the
chandeliers and threw a grabbling hook. They soared through the air, causing Sae to shriek in
alarm as they burst through the window and landed outside.
“Alright,” Hanamura said, swaying slightly and nodding to himself. “Let’s run a little further,
and then we’ll leave.”
They ran to the street outside the palace, and Sae fumbled with the phone in her hand and
exited the metaverse. Hanamura’s knees immediately crumpled, and Sae barely caught him in
time to prevent his head from hitting the concrete.
“Sorry,” Hanamura muttered. “I guess the metaverse clears my mind.”
A shiny black car pulled up in front of them, and Sae recognized Shirogane in the passenger’s
seat.
“Get in,” Shirogane said. “Both of you.”

Goro was paraded into a car and driven to a nondescript apartment in the middle of Tokyo.
Iwata lead him to an apartment, told him to stay put, and locked the door behind him.
Goro weighed his options.
The apartment was on the fourth floor, so escape through the windows would not be an easy
or really viable option. The front door was locked, which was certainly breakable, but Goro
could not forget the threat that had hung over every word Goro uttered in Shido’s office, the
suggestion that at any moment, Shido could have everyone Goro ever knew and loved shot.
Goro took a deep breath. He needed to keep a clear head.
Shido wanted to use him. Goro could use that. And not in the way Goro used to think,
because manipulating Shido was a near impossible task, but Goro could take advantage of
Shido’s fascination in his ‘time traveling abilities.’ Goro could… fuck… Goro could lie and
say he’s already changed things, that he made it so that… what? Okumura died? Would Shido
even buy that? Or would he see that Goro was pulling lies out of his ass?

Goro forced himself to take a deep breath. He was going to get through this. Shido would
have to have him enter the metaverse eventually, and when Goro did, he could make a
beeline to Shido’s shadow and…
And what? Shido’s persona user was almost certainly going to be there, watching Goro’s
every move. And while Goro could probably defeat him in battle, Shido still had his threat
waiting in the wings.
If only Goro had a way of contacting the others, a way of telling them to disappear until they
found a way to get rid of Shido permanently.

“Alright, Futaba,” Sojiro said, standing in the doorway of Futaba’s bedroom. “What the hell’s
going on?”
“Not yet, Sojiro,” Futaba said, glowering at her computer screen. Akira and Makoto’s sister
were headed to safe locations, which was good. Less good for Makoto, of course, who would
have to find a way to live independently while Sae hid from Shido’s goons. “I have to find
Goro.”
“The news is blaring about the leader of the fucking Phantom Thieves escaping prison,”
Sojiro said. “You come home saying not to worry if the news says Akira is dead, and now the
news is saying that the leader of the Phantom Thieves has escaped prison. I know how to
connect the dots, you know.”
“Yeah, yeah, I’m a Phantom Thief; we can cry about it later,” Futaba said. “Now, I really
need to pinpoint Goro’s location, so can you please leave me alone?!”
Sojiro backed off at the sheer urgency in her voice.
Just then, Futaba’s phone began blaring with a call from Kasukabe. Futaba almost ignored it
out of spite, but if she was going to get a villainous explanation, she might actually appreciate
it. Maybe his terrible dad forced him to do it or something, which wasn’t a really good
excuse, but at least it was something.
Futaba answered the phone.
“What is it, traitor?” Futaba snapped.
“Traitor?” Kasukabe demanded. “Is that why everyone’s been ignoring my calls?”
“Uh, yeah, because you definitely sold us out,” Futaba said. “Akira almost died because of
you.”
“What?! But I haven’t done anything! I literally called to tell you that I know where Akechikun is!”
Futaba paused, but leftover doubt continued to pour in. “Uh huh. Then why did Shido know
stuff he definitely should not have known? Like not to let Sae interrogate Akira? Or to not

give Sae Akira’s phone? Huh?”
“What are you talking about?” Kasukabe demanded. “Are you implying that I overheard you
and told Shido-san? Because while I did hear something about that, I didn’t breathe a word of
it to anyone! Nobody would believe me!”
“Right, not falling for that one again,” Futaba said blandly. “After we change Shido’s heart,
we’re coming for you next. Asshole.”
Futaba hung up without another word.

Toshiro frowned, staring at his phone with bafflement. He wasn’t a spy, but he could
understand why he might seem so suspicious under such circumstances…
Toshiro’s eyes landed on his watch. It was one of those smart watches; his father had given it
to him for his birthday that year. And while Toshiro was still fairly certain his father wasn’t
involved with Shido, was it possible that someone could have used his watch to record
Toshiro’s interactions? And then Iwata told him to go to Leblanc because they already
suspected the group of misfit teens?
Shit.
Toshiro yanked off his watch and nearly stepped on it before deciding that maybe that was
way too suspicious. He put the watch back on and calmly walked back to his office. He then
took the watch off, placed it on his desk, and left the building as quickly as possible.

Goro had been halfway through pacing and trying to figure out exactly how he was going to
tell everyone he knew and loved to lay low when a knock sounded on his door.
Goro froze. Did Shido want him already? While it felt like an eternity since Goro was trapped
in here, he knew it couldn’t have been more than a few hours. Why did he want him so soon?
“I’m not opening the door for you,” Goro snapped. “You’re the ones with the key.”
“Akechi-kun, it’s me,” Kasukabe’s voice said from the other side of the door. “I want to
help.”
Goro crossed his arms and rolled his eyes. “I’m very used to being betrayed Kasukabe-san,”
he said stonily. “But I refuse to be betrayed twice by the same person.”
“I know,” Kasukabe said. “And I’m sorry, but you have to believe me when I say that I was
an unwitting participant in Shido’s schemes. They bugged my watch.”
“Oh yes, like I’m going to believe that—”

“Would you like to see the security camera I’ve literally broken outside your door, Akechikun?” Kasukabe said, his voice pitching. “We do not have much time, and I’m very much
reaching my limit of daring acts of rebellion, so will you please listen to me?!”
Goro hesitated. Well, he had been looking for an opportunity to warn the others.
“Alright,” Goro said, beginning to feel Kasukabe’s urgency. “If you’re certain you’re not
being bugged anymore, I need you to tell the others to hide. And someone needs to try to
guard Shiho and Emiko’s shadows.”
“What about you?” Kasukabe demanded.
“I can’t leave until I know everyone is safe!” Goro snapped. “Alright? So go already!”

Futaba hesitated from behind her computer. It was a good thing Kasukabe didn’t leave his
phone behind when going to help Goro, even though it was kind of a stupid thing to do. If
Futaba hadn’t already made sure there were no bugs or trackers on the thing, she would be
worried that Shido’s guys knew exactly what Kasukabe was doing.
As it is, it’s a good thing that Toshiro had his phone, because Futaba’s bug let her have a full
audio recording of the conversation she had with Goro. Otherwise, to be completely honest,
if Kasukabe told her to go into hiding, she might not have believed him. As it was…
Futaba sent a text out on their encrypted group chat that had Kirijo on it.
Sakura Futaba: we’re going to all need to go underground. Quick.
Yamamoto Emiko: wait did something go wrong
Kirijo Mitsuru: akira is safe, but we’ve yet to get a hold of goro’s location
Sakura Futaba: I just heard from Kasukabe. Goro’s sorta safe but he says we’re all in danger
of being killed if Goro steps out of line… i think. So we need to find a safe place to hide like
pronto.
Kirijo Mitsuru: understood

As Kasukabe predicted, three suited people burst into the apartment barely five minutes after
Kasukabe left.
“Oh, look,” Goro said dryly, sitting on the couch and watching them search his apartment.
“I’m still here. What brings you here? Does Shido wish to see me already?”
“Someone meddled with the cameras,” said a woman, glaring at him. “Was it you?”

“I have been in here the entire time,” Goro said smoothly. “And as you can see, my lock is
completely undamaged. How could it have possibly been me?”
“You were speaking with Kasukabe,” a man who resembled Murakami said. “Where is he?”
Shit. The inside of the apartment must have been bugged too. Hopefully, everyone will have
enough time to hide before Shido decided that Goro crossed a line by trying to warn
everyone.
“I don’t know,” Goro said honestly.
“Nobody’s here,” said the woman, emerging from the hall of the apartment.
“We’ll be back,” said the man.
“Excellent,” Goro said sarcastically. “I’ll still be here.”
The man scoffed. “You have no idea how lucky you have it,” he said.
Goro raised his eyebrows innocently. “Pardon?”
“I’m just saying,” said the man, glaring at Goro with something that really did look like true
hatred. “I would have killed to be able to change history like you do.”
Goro frowned. “I didn’t choose this.”
“Didn’t you?” asked the man, grinning crookedly. “Or perhaps is there something you should
tell Shido-san about your ability to manipulate time?”
This man knew, Goro realized suddenly. This man knew Goro was full of nothing but
bullshit, that Goro never chose to go back in time, that if asked, Goro couldn’t alter history to
his whims.
“Who are you?” Goro asked quietly.
“Don’t you know?” the man asked. “You met my older brother at the gala.”
“Murakami,” Goro breathed, the resemblance finally making sense. He recalled from his
research that Murakami Jiro had a younger brother, a prosecutor, if he was remembering
correctly. “Then you’re—”
“A little fact about me, Goro-kun,” Murakami said. Goro flinched at the informal address. “I
don’t reveal personal information to kids who are going to die tomorrow because they told a
boldface lie to one of the most powerful men in Japan. Especially kids Shido-san will ask me
to kill. So why don’t you shut your mouth and spend your time making your peace with God
instead?”
I’m going to die again, echoed Goro’s own thoughts. I will never be able to make it past
December 2016 alive.

“I’m not dying,” Goro said loudly.
Murakami smirked. “You know, I tell myself that too sometimes.”

“You know,” Akira said upon seeing Teddie and Emiko enter the safe house, “I was not
expecting to have this much company while on the lam.”
“Things got complicated,” Teddie said sadly.
“Kirijo-san let me take Monster Cat to the safe house, though!” Emiko said with a wobbly
smile, holding up Monster Cat.
“Wait! Akira-kun!” Teddie exclaimed, finally getting a proper view of Akira’s mangled state.
“What did they do to you?!”
“Oh, well, you know,” Akira said casually and pretending he wasn’t in a world of pain. “I
was kind of hoping that Goro had been exaggerating when he said I was brutally tortured, but
um… no. That’s pretty much what happened.”
“Um… do you need something?” Emiko asked. “Water, or… I don’t know? Painkillers?”
“I already got everything I need,” Akira said. “Can’t imagine what this might be like if Goro
didn’t have friends in some seriously high places, but he does, so it’s fine. Probably. Speaking
of Goro, why are you the only two here?”
“Remember complicated?” Teddie asked. “Goro-kun was captured, and apparently Shido
threatened all of our lives if he didn’t comply, so now we’re all hiding. Kirijo-san wanted to
spread us out.”
“Wait,” Akira said. “Goro’s captured?”
“You can’t go after him!” Emiko exclaimed. “I know because I thought the same thing, and
Ken said that it’s only going to be harder for him to escape if we put ourselves in danger.”
“And no offense, Akira-kun, but you doing anything in your current condition is dangerous,”
Teddie said.
“But we can’t just leave him!” Akira shouted, unable to believe what he was hearing. Goro
was trapped with Shido, and everyone was content to just leave him there?
“No, no, listen,” Emiko said pleadingly. “Everyone’s going to continue invading Shido’s
palace first thing tomorrow, and we’re hoping Goro can hang in there long enough to change
Shido’s heart.”
“Then, I’m coming with you,” Akira said immediately.
“You’re in no condition to raid a palace!” Teddie said pleadingly.

“I am not lying around while the rest of you fight,” Akira protested. “No. No way. I did that
before, and it truly sucked.”
“How is dying because you pushed yourself too hard going to help anyone?” Teddie asked.
“I’m way stronger in the metaverse,” Akira said. “Ask Sae. She saw it. I was kicking that
persona user’s ass.”
“No,” Teddie said. “I hate being responsible, and even I know that you fighting right now is
no good. Wait. Please. Yosuke will kill me if you die.”
Akira crossed his arms. “Fine,” he said. “I’ll wait.”
“Thank you,” Emiko said, exhaling in relief.

Ken, Makoto, and Yusuke stood next to Emiko’s shadow, who was ultimately harmless, but
totally at risk. Ken was really hoping nobody would come after her, but after everyone went
into hiding, Shido would probably be really pissed. Pissed enough to try and kill a teenager.
It felt like hours, and Ken almost considered calling Morgana and telling him that nobody
was coming, when a shadowed figure approached from the distance.
“Unfortunate,” Yusuke said.
“Do you think the three of us are enough to stop him?” Makoto asked anxiously.
“Yes,” Ken said, because he couldn’t consider any other option. He waited for the figure to
get closer before raising his voice and saying, “Why are you doing this?”
“Going straight to the jugular, are we?” the masked man said. “But simple questions have
simple answers. Security.”
“Security with Shido?” Makoto demanded. “Surely you must realize that’s a lie!”
“Is it?” the man asked. “No matter what happens to me, I’ve gotten everything I’ve wanted in
the end.”
“Everything you’ve wanted?” Ken asked. “What are you talking about?”
“I don’t expect kids like you to understand, and, truthfully, don’t wish to speak further with
you. Get out of my way.” The man smiled. “Or don’t. Shido-san would be more than pleased
if more of you turned up dead.”
“No way in hell that’s happening,” Ken said, tightening his grip on his spear. “You really
think you’re enough to beat all three of us?”
“I think you should reverse that question,” the man said. “Are the three of you enough to beat
me?”

Goro sat on the sofa in his apartment prison, counting the minutes. The others were most
likely safe, had to be safe, or else Goro wouldn’t be able to live with himself.
“Hello!”
Goro shrieked in alarm at the sudden address. Akira, who was standing two feet away from
him, raised his hands in surrender.
“Wait, wait, chill. I’m fine,” Akira said, even as he swayed slightly.
“What are you doing here?!” Goro demanded in a whisper, all too aware what happened last
time someone sprang him a surprise visit.
“Here to rescue you, duh,” Akira responded in a whisper of his own.
“You’re supposed to be hiding! How did you even get here?”
“Simple,” Akira said. He held up the phone in his hand. “I swiped this from Teddie. His
password has been ‘111111’ since the beginning of time. And then I called Kasukabe and
demanded he tell me where you were, or I would tell Shido where he is.”
“Kasukabe’s in hiding too, then?” Goro asked, trying to decide if he was relieved or not.
“Why are we whispering?” Akira asked.
“This room is bugged, genius!”
“All the more reason to get out right now,” Akira said, squinting at Teddie’s phone. “Alright,
metaverse time.”
“How are you even standing right now?”
“Stop asking questions,” Akira said. “Or I might actually pass out from pain.”
The world shifted around them as they entered Mementos. Akira grinned, looking like he was
in less pain now that he was in the metaverse. “Alright,” he said, raising his voice to a normal
volume. “Shall we go, Phoenix?”
Goro hesitated, but if it was true everyone was in a safe place, that rendered all Shido’s
threats useless. And Goro really did not want to stick around for the fallout of Goro’s lie
about being able to manipulate time.
“Let’s go,” Goro agreed.

“How… I should be stronger,” gasped the masked man, on his knees after the Ken, Makoto,
and Yusuke thoroughly kicked his ass.

“I’ve been doing this for eight years,” Ken said. “You didn’t stand a chance. Now leave us
alone.”
The man hesitated, like he wanted to keep fighting, but he stood up and nodded. “I know
better than to keep pursuing a fight I can’t win.”
“So, will you stop?” Makoto asked. “Stop the mental shutdowns?”
“Don’t get so excited,” the man spat. “The next time we meet, I’ll be ready to kill all of you.”
Ken watched in bafflement as the stranger limped away.
“Do you think he’s going to come back as soon as we leave?” Ken asked.
“We should stay here for a little while longer to prepare for that possibility,” Yusuke agreed.
“Fortunately, I brought my sketchbook.”
“Oh, draw me!” Emiko’s shadow pleaded.

“Akira-kun!” Teddie shrieked when they reappeared in the safe house. “Don’t you ever do
that again! You gave me a heart attack!”
“But look!” Akira protested. “I got Goro out! Was that really so hard?”
“Goro-kun!” Emiko said, immediately hugging Goro. She let go quickly. “Sorry. I was just
really worried.”
“I appreciate the concern,” Goro said dryly, beginning to feel the euphoria of not being under
Shido’s gaze. “I’m glad you’re safe.”
“Um, actually, how do we know the mysterious metaverse user didn’t follow Goro and Akira
here?” Emiko said anxiously.
“I was using third eye,” Akira assured her, collapsing on the couch. “I didn’t see anything.
Also, the mysterious metaverse user is Murakami, according to Sae, at least.”
“The politician guy Goro spoke to?” Teddie asked.
“No,” Goro said, exhaustedly, sitting on a nearby chair and putting his face in his hands. He
grimaced at the swelling in his cheek from where Shido hit him. “His younger brother. He’s a
prosecutor, and pretty well-known in his own right.”
“Wow,” Teddie said. “I hadn’t even heard of him until now.”
“That’s probably why he has less of a death toll than I did,” Goro said. “He’s less popular
than I was. Still… in spite of all that, things got so complicated. I wanted to make things
easier, and now we’re all in hiding.”

“Well, you know what they say,” Akira said. “When an evil god gives someone phone
powers…”
“You’re not funny,” Goro snapped. “And now we don’t have the advantage of Japan thinking
we’re dead.”
“We’ll figure it out,” Akira said. “It is kind of strange that we’ve never met Murakami up
until now before, though. You’d think he’d want to personally keep an eye on us.”
“Clearly, he wanted us not to be able to identify him or guess his real identity. That’s why he
didn’t show up at the Gala and used Kasukabe, who likely isn’t involved in the conspiracy, to
spy on us, as opposed to my more direct methods last time,” Goro said exhaustedly. “And
Yaldabaoth likely intentionally chose someone more cautious than I was in the hopes of
keeping things interesting now that I had an idea of what would happen.”
“I think it would have been more interesting if our best friend betrayed us,” Emiko said.
“Did you want this to end in heartbreak?” Akira asked skeptically.
“No,” Emiko said quickly. “I’m just saying, if I were trying to pit two people together, it
would be really interesting if those two were friends.”
“Yes, well, maybe he realized he did that last time and decided to change things around,”
Goro sighed. “And none of my or Akira’s friends were particularly positioned to betray us.”
“Yeah, and all our evil trusted adult figures betrayed us when we were young, so there!”
Akira said brightly.
“So true,” Teddie agreed.
Emiko stared at the three of them with thinly veiled horror. “I keep forgetting how tragic your
lives have been.”
“Let’s just hope they don’t get any worse,” Goro sighed, through gritted teeth.

They did figure it out.
Akira agreed that he’d had enough of heroics and could sit out the continued infiltration of
Shido’s palace. Subtlety was a key issue, but fortunately, they couldn’t exactly travel in a
massive group regardless, seeing as nobody was certain Murakami wouldn’t come back and
try to kill Emiko and Shiho while they weren’t looking. They settled on having four people in
Mementos at a time while everyone else infiltrated Shido’s palace. They couldn’t exactly
infiltrate from a great distance from the Diet Building, so they all disguised themselves as
best they could and entered the palace in waves in the hopes of not attracting attention by
meeting up outside the building all at once.
Somehow, it worked out better than Goro expected it to. He kept expecting Murakami to
appear out of nowhere, but he never did.

“He’s probably trying to get stronger for when he fights us next,” Ken explained. “We kicked
his ass earlier.”
“I wish him luck, but there’s no way he’s getting strong enough to beat all of us,” Ryuji said.
“Especially now that Akira’s beginning to recover,” Goro said. “He promises he’ll be well
enough to steal Shido’s heart.”
“But it’s only been a few days!” Teddie exclaimed indignantly. “And we’re almost done!”
Teddie wasn’t wrong. The following day, they had nearly covered the entirety of Shido’s
palace.
“Only one more letter of recommendation left,” Ann said. “We just have to find this cleaner
guy?”
“He’s in the engine room,” Goro said. “But this is a fight you’re going to have to do without
me.”
“What do you mean?” Ryuji asked.
“It’s got something to do with dying in that place,” Goro said. “You’ll do fine without me.
Trust me. But if Murakami appears, have Oracle call me.”
“Bold of you to assume we can’t kick his ass without you,” Futaba cackled.

“Are you sure you’re ready for this?” Goro asked Akira, frowning at the myriad of bruises
that were still readily visible on Akira’s skin.
“I am not missing this,” Akira said firmly. “Once we change Shido’s heart, at least we can
stop going into hiding.”
“We can wait another day—”
“No, we can’t,” Akira said. “All this hiding is wearing on us, and you know it. I want to go
back to Leblanc, and I know you want to go back home too.”
“Well, yes, but—”
“Tell Futaba,” Akira said. “We’re sending the calling card, we’re sending it today, and then
we’re snatching Shido’s heart so quickly that he can't send the police force or Murakami to
stop us.”

Akira was half right. They did broadcast the calling card that day, but Murakami was indeed
waiting for them in front of the double doors leading to the representatives’ chamber.

“Nobody’s stealing anything tonight,” he said.
“I don’t understand,” Goro snapped. “You know Shido’s going to kill you when this is all
over, don’t you? Why do you work with him?”
“The same reason you worked with him,” Murakami said. “Power. Security. I was nothing,
my brother was nothing, but with Shido we both became something. What else would you
have me do?”
“But you’re going to die,” Goro repeated. “What’s the point in having power if you’ll die for
it?”
“I thought you of all people would understand, Akechi-kun,” Murakami said. “We all die
sooner rather than later. And I’d much rather die knowing what power feels like than die
starving in anonymity.”
Goro shut his mouth. He did understand. He’d felt the same way once. Destroy Shido. Then
die. Die, or rot in prison, or worse.
“Just walk away,” Akira said. “And we don’t have to hurt you.”
Murakami laughed. “Sorry, but I’m not going anywhere.”
Ken was right. Murakami must have gotten stronger in the past week, because his first attack
made Goro immediately want to bend over. His persona, Moriaty, specialized in curse
attacks, which meant Akira had Goro focusing all his attention on using Baldur to hit
Murakami with bless attacks.
Still, for all of Murakami’s confidence, their large group still defeated him in a little over ten
minutes. He crumbled on both knees, gasping for breath.
“Did you really do all this to help your brother?” Teddie asked quietly.
“Didn’t you hear me before?” Marukami gasped, gritting his teeth. “It was all for me, and I
don’t regret a minute of it.”
“Yes, you do,” Goro said. “You told me I was lucky to have a do-over—”
“Yes, because you used it to make powerful friends and live a better life. I don’t regret how I
handled the circumstances put in front of me.” Marukami laughed bitterly. “Who knows?
Maybe I’ll get a do-over after I die too. Wouldn’t that be funny? It could be a constant cycle.
Over and over and over again.”
“I don’t think that’s very funny at all,” Haru said quietly.
“There’s always time to leave,” Morgana said. “Get a fresh start.”
Marukami shook his head. “There’s no fresh start for me,” he said. He removed his gun from
his belt and pointed it at Goro. “Either you die. Or I die. That’s how this battle ends.”

“We’re not going to kill you!” Ann shouted.
“You don’t even have the strength to stand,” Akira said quietly. “Either leave or stay here.
The choice is yours. But we’re not fighting you anymore.”
Marukami glowered and pressed the trigger. Goro dodged out of the way of the bullet, letting
it fly past him and into a nearby wall. Marukami pulled the trigger again, but he must have
been out of ammo, because nothing happened.
“Joker’s right,” Goro said. “Your fate is your choice. But we’re done.”
The group quietly walked past Marukami and into the representatives’ chamber, shutting the
door behind them.
“What are you lowlifes doing in here?” Shido’s shadow demanded.
“Uh, what else?” Ryuji demanded.
“We’re here to avenge everyone you have hurt in your conspiracy!” Yusuke declared.
“Tch, as if I would let something like that happen again,” Shido’s shadow said, glaring at
Akira. “You may have escaped my grasp, but I will not allow you to win a second time!”
“That’s unfortunate,” Akira said, smirking. “Because I’m pretty sure I already have.”

Goro had never fought Shido’s shadow before, so he had no way of comparing it with the
fight from the previous timeline. The pile of golden bodies morphing into various shapes was
disgusting but completely fitting for Shido. And Shido’s attacks were strong, but just like
Murakami, his shadow was ultimately nothing against the combined power of the entire
group.
“I’m sorry,” Shido’s shadow said after being thoroughly defeated, sitting on his knees at
Akira’s feet.
He wasn’t sorry. Shido had never been sorry for a damn thing he’d done in his life.
Goro almost opened his mouth and demand repentance for what Shido did to his mother, for
what Shido put Goro through, put thousands of people through.
“I’m so sorry,” Shido continued to grovel. “Akechi-kun…”
“Don’t speak to me,” Goro said shortly. He turned away. “You’re not worth my time.”

As they escaped the crumbling palace, Goro couldn't see Murakami anywhere. Goro didn't
know if that meant he left or simply decided to die on a different part of the ship. And unless
Murakami's body showed up somewhere, they might never know.

After the heist, everyone, including Sae and Kasukabe, returned to their homes. None of them
were spontaneously shot or arrested. A few weeks after changing his heart, Shido confessed
his crimes on television. His cabinet was not pleased.
The public perception did not change.
This part of the story Goro was awfully familiar with.
“Is this the part where we fight god?” Futaba asked as the group planned to go deeper into
Mementos.
“You know it,” Akira said.

Somehow, Mementos fusing with the real world was still more grotesque than Goro
imagined. Turning into dust was more painful than he thought it would be too.
For the first time in years, Goro heard the tune of the Velvet Room. But it didn’t calm him
down at all. The piano was almost stifling, the blue cushions in his cell keeping him trapped.
Goro sat down and put his head in his hands. Why did he think he could change things? Why
did he think he could make things better? Okumura was still dead. So many people were still
dead. The god of control had gifted Murakami with the power Goro had refused to use for
evil, and nothing had improved.
Had Goro died again? Was this his next stop before he was really sent to hell? But Akira had
won last time. What made this timeline different?
Maybe Goro had screwed everything up, instead of making things better.
“Goro,” a voice said quietly through the murk of Goro’s thoughts. Goro looked up to see
Akira standing outside the bars, frowning sadly.
“Joker,” Goro said. “You’re safe.”
“Come with me,” Akira said.
“That’s a little tricky, seeing a set of bars separates us,” Goro said. He stood up and crossed
his arms. “Are we in the velvet Room?”
Akira nodded. Goro rested his head against the wall.
“I’m so… tired,” Goro said defeatedly. “I’m tired of feeling like nothing I do makes a
difference.”
“It does make a difference,” Akira said.
“Does it?” Goro asked. “Name one thing I’ve done that’s helped anyone.”

“You saved Shiho from Kamoshida. You saved Futaba’s mom. You saved me,” Akira said.
“Remember? From Nyarlathotep, from my parents…"
“I remember,” Goro said quietly. “But I would never have been able to do any of that if you
hadn’t saved me first.”
A spark Goro hadn’t even realized was there burst into flame inside Goro’s chest. “What am I
even saying?” he asked. “I can’t leave it like this. We fought Nyarlathotep and won, and I
sure as hell am not going to let Yaldabaoth get the better of me.”
Akira grinned. “That’s the spirit.”
Goro’s metaverse outfit reappeared over his clothes. The bars to his cell disappeared.
“Thank you,” Goro said as he stepped out of the cell.
Akira shook his head. “You did that all yourself.”
Goro smiled before they walked toward the main group.
“By the way,” Akira said conversationally. “The twins were Lavenza.”
It took a second for that statement to fully sink in.
“I’m sorry, what?”
Akira couldn’t explain any further, however, because they reached the center of the Velvet
Room. Lavenza stood next to the desk where Igor sat.
The real Igor. Not the imposter that had been inhabiting this room.
“Thank god,” Goro muttered.
“Goro-kun!” Lavenza said, beaming. “How lovely it is to see you again.”
“It’s good to see you too, Lavenza-chan,” Goro said warmly.
“Uh, you know these guys?” Ryuji asked.
“Goro-kun already fulfilled his contract with this place,” Igor explained. “But it is good to
see he continues to rely on his bonds.”
“Is bonds all he talks about?” Futaba whispered.
“Yes,” Goro whispered back.

What followed made Goro want to throttle something.

They defeated Yaldabaoth and restored the real world. Sae asked Akira to go to jail;
Murakami came out of fucking nowhere and offered to confess everything.
“I thought you were going to fix Maruki,” Goro hissed at Akira.
“Well, um…” Akira shrugged “I tried?”
“It’s fine,” Futaba said. “We’ll fix it like we always have.”
“You have no idea the storm that’s coming,” Goro said.

Yu rang the doorbell to the Dojima residence. Nanako opened the door with a grin on her
face.
“Happy New Year, Big Bro!” she said cheerfully. Her smile turned somewhat sly. “Where’s
Yosuke?”
“With his family, obviously,” Yu said, rolling his eyes. He frowned when he thought about
Akira in Tokyo. “At least things are settling down for Akira right now.”
“Yeah…” Nanako said. “Wanna come in? Or do you like standing in the snow?”
Yu stepped inside the house. Dojima was laughing at something further inside. Yu smiled as
he took off his coat.
“Already having fun without me?” he asked, glancing into the living room.
His heart stopped.
“Oh, Yu-kun,” Dojima said, beaming. “Glad you could make it.”
“Yeah,” said Adachi, who sat next to Dojima with a perfectly ordinary expression on his face.
“How’s the final year of college treating ya?”
Yu’s throat was dry. What the hell? What was going on?
“Is there something wrong?” Nanako asked.
Yu swallowed and smiled. “Yeah, I just… realized I forgot something in the car. I’ll be…
right back.”
He spun around and exited the house without another word. He fumbled with his phone and
called Yosuke.
“Sup?” Yosuke asked.
“It’s Adachi,” Yu said, barely able to breathe.

“Is he trying to get us to serve alcohol at the wedding again?” Yosuke asked. “Because tell
him he can save it—”
“Wedding?” Yu asked, his mind blank.
“You know, our wedding?” Yosuke asked. “The one in a few months?”
Their wedding… right…
Yu couldn’t tell if he was in heaven or hell right now.
“I’ll call you back,” Yu said.
“Are you okay?” Yosuke asked.
“Just fine! Happy New Year!” Yu said, his voice raising in pitch. He slammed his finger on
the disconnect button.
While Yu was having a panic attack on the front porch, Nanako opened the door. “Yu?” she
asked. “Are you okay?”
“No,” Yu said, because there really was no lying to Nanako.
“What’s wrong?”
“Well, you really won’t believe me, but last I checked, Adachi was a serial killer.”
Nanako frowned. “What are you talking about?”
“I know you were much younger back then, but surely you remember some of it,” Yu said.
Nanako had mentioned going to a therapist about it a few years ago, right? “Remember?
When the murders were happening?”
Nanako still looked baffled. “What murders?”

Akira woke up in a room that hadn’t been his in years. He sat up and looked around the dusty
attic. His eyes landed on a photograph of him and Goro… except they both looked to be
middle schoolers?
So it was going to be one of those dreams. Great.
Akira sat up and ignored the oddly gangly nature of his teenage body. Since he was here,
Akira stepped forward and investigated the wall full of pictures. There were a few more of
young Goro and Akira holding a cat that bore no resemblance to Morgana. They appeared to
be standing in Inaba. A picture of Akira and… the son of the manager of the local Junes?
And someone else? A picture of Akira with two strange adults who looked much happier
than his parents ever did?

What the hell was this dream trying to tell him?
Akira turned toward the side of the picture wall that he could actually understand. Plenty of
photos of Akira with various members of the Phantom Thieves were present. A picture of
Shiho and Ann eating a crepe. Futaba taking a selfie at… the fancy buffet that the original
group of Thieves went to? And Goro was at the buffet too? Another photo that was Futaba
taking a selfie at… the fireworks festival? Futaba wasn’t even at the fireworks festival that
summer.
Akira turned away from the photo wall. His dream was not being kind to him right now, and
he wanted no part in it.
If he was going to be in this dream, though, maybe Akira could get some good curry out of it.
Akira marched downstairs and surveyed the scene in front of him.
Human Morgana sat at the bar and waved at Akira. Young Futaba and her mom sat in a
booth.
Akira blinked at human Morgana, who continued to smile like there was nothing wrong in
the world.
Worst. Dream. Ever.

“Goro,” Yu said over the phone. “You have to be straight with me right now.”
“What’s going on?” Goro asked, even though he had a suspicion he already knew.
“I thought Adachi was in jail,” Yu said accusingly.
“Um… yes?” Goro said. “What’s going on?”
“Is that why he’s sitting at my family table acting like he always attends New Year’s dinner?”
Yu asked, the panic in his voice increasing. “Nobody remembers the murder case, although
weirdly enough Nanako does remember she was kidnapped, gay marriage is legal, what the
hell is going on?”
Shit.
Not to the gay marriage part.
Everything else.
“I think I know,” Goro sighed.

Minato was still waking up with his morning coffee when Goro slid into the kitchen, his
expression almost frantic.
“Minato,” he said. “Who died in 2009?”
Ken choked on his cereal at the sudden question.
“What sort of question is that?” Ryoji asked.
Minato agreed that it was extremely out of left field, something Goro should know the
answer to, and not something Minato wished to rehash. A lot of people died that year.
“Never mind that,” Goro said. “Just—”
The doorbell rang. Minato sighed. “I’ll get it.”
Minato walked to the door to their apartment and opened it. He blinked at the fair-skinned
young woman standing in front of him, grinning ear to ear. Her brown ponytail bounced as
she entered the house.
“Happy New Year, Mina-kun!” she cheered. She glanced at Ryoji, Ken, and Goro. At least
Goro looked as baffled as Minato felt. “You guys too.”
“Happy New Year yourself, Kotone-chan,” Ryoji said. “How have you been?”
What.

Akira was beginning to think that maybe, just maybe, this wasn’t a dream.
One, Akira should have woken up in a cold sweat as soon as he saw Morgana’s human face.
Seeing as that had not happened yet, Akira was forced to make conversation with the guy.
“I think I’m going to the shrine,” Akira said, standing up. He felt a headache coming on.
He’d met Sumire at the shrine last time, right? It was getting close to a decade ago now…
“Alright,” Sojiro said. “Stay safe.”
“I will,” Akira said with a strained smile.
He let out a small breath of relief as soon as he exited the cafe. The cold air slapped him in
the face in a way dream air shouldn’t.
“This has to be a dream,” Akira whispered to himself. “I didn’t time travel. Those photos
don’t even make sense.”
Like, Goro in a Shujin uniform, really? Or Shiho at the Hawaii trip? And why did the Inaba
Junes family keep popping up in his camera reel?

As Akira began to walk to the shrine, he felt a strange heavy object in his pocket. He must
have been too distracted by human Morgana to notice it before. Frowning, Akira removed the
object from his pocket.
It was a tiny notebook. Akira flipped it open.
Notes about Time Travel (Just in Case I Forget and Don’t Want to Ask Goro Again)
What the heck?
Most of the notes were crossed out, although the word perpetrator followed by a series of
question marks was replaced with the name Murakami, whoever that was.
The only bullet point that wasn’t crossed out said:
-Maruki might mess with reality. Brace yourself for human Morgana. Will I turn into a cooler
version of me? But what will happen to the current me… Oh well. Goro will fix it either way.
Akira was beginning to get a small, bizarre inkling of what was going on, and he didn’t like it
one bit.

“I’m great!” Kotone said. She turned toward Minato, who didn’t look entirely present. “By
the way, Mom wanted you to know that you’d better not be doing anything reckless at your
school.” She winked at Goro and Ken.
Goro would process this later. Last time Maruki raised people from the dead, Goro was the
dead being raised, and Maruki didn’t much care about what made him happy. Now, Goro had
an entire host of people who could suddenly be alive when they should be dead.
He stepped away from the group and called Junpei first.
“Goro-kun!” Junpei said cheerfully. “How’s it going?”
“Good,” Goro said, praying his hunch was correct and he was not about to be horrifically
cruel. “Are you and Chidori having a quiet New Years?”
“You know it,” Junpei said, not even missing a beat. “We’re thinking about going to the
shrine later today, but we’re not sure we can think of anything to wish for. Do you have any
plans?”
“Not at the moment,” Goro said tersely. “I’ll have to call you back.”
Goro proceeded to call Mitsuru, who reported that she, her father, and her grandfather were
having a lovely New Years. Another call with Yukari confirmed that her father was alive.
Ken told him cheerfully that he was going to meet with his mom that afternoon. A call with
Emiko confirmed her mother was alive. Kanji’s father was alive. Naoto’s parents were alive
and well, and Aigis was confused as to why Goro was asking if she was still a machine.

“Of course, I am still a machine,” Aigis said. “I am content with who I am.”
“Okay small mercies,” Goro said. “I’ll call you back later.”
“You don’t have to wish everyone you know happy New Years just because Kotone does,”
Ryoji said.
“Aw, come on, he’s just following a great example,” Kotone said brightly. She was the exact
opposite of how Goro imagined Minato’s twin would be. Even Minato looked stunned by her
bubbly personality.
“Do you wake up super early to get all your New Year’s greetings in?” Ken asked teasingly.
“That’s an exaggeration,” Kotone said. “But I have a lot of free time now that the world has
taken another break from ending.”
“Right…” Minato said, shaking himself from his daze. “I think I need to go to the bathroom.”
Goro ducked into his bedroom as he stared at the number he had yet to call. After at least a
minute’s deliberation, he pressed it.
Ring, ring, ring…
“Goro-kun?” Akihiko asked upon picking up the phone. “What’s up?”
“I just wanted to wish you a Happy New Years, that’s all,” Goro said. “Is everyone with
you?”
“If you call my sister and Shinji everyone, sure,” Akihiko said. “Why? Do you need to speak
to one of them?”
A lump already lodged in Goro’s throat. Goro shut his eyes tightly.
“Could I speak to Shinjiro for a moment?” he whispered.
“Sure.”
A few moments later, Shinjiro’s voice came from the other side of the phone. “I have my own
phone, you know,” he said. “You could’ve just called me.”
Goro inhaled shudderingly. “New phone…” he said. It was technically true. He’d replaced
his phone multiple times since Shinjiro’s death. “Didn’t save your number.”
“Wow,” Shinjiro said. “You’re usually way better at lying than this. What’s going on?”
“I need to go,” Goro whispered in a rush. He hung up before Shinjiro could say another word.

After spending fifteen minutes scrolling through this Akira’s camera roll and drinking in all
of the pictures that involved Goro (young teen Goro at the summer festival, Goro at Akira’s

fifteenth birthday, an exhausted looking Goro at a restaurant with a few other kids his age,
Sumire and Kasumi at Hawaii, Goro and Akira sitting on a bench in Hawaii with flowers in
their hair…), he finally found Goro’s number and called him.
Goro answered instantaneously, making Akira’s heart skip a beat. He held his breath as Goro
began to speak.
“If you’re freaking out about human Morgana, it’s your own fault,” Goro said. Was he
crying? “I warned you.”
“So my notes say,” Akira said. He tried not to sound hopeful, but man, was it hard. “They
also say you’re a time traveler?”
“Notes…” Goro’s voice faltered. “What are you talking about?”
“Let me start again,” Akira said cautiously. “Where I come from, it’s 2025, I’ve officially
retired from fighting shadows, and you’ve been dead for the past eight years.”
Hesitation. Then:
“FUCK.”

They met in front of the entrance to Maruki’s palace.
Same time. Same place.
Two entirely different people.
Goro hadn’t aged a day since Akira saw him last. Which, coincidentally enough, was 2017.
The year that Akira was currently inhabiting.
But he was still different.
The main difference, one that Akira really shouldn’t be fixating on, was the color of his scarf.
Instead of the red that he had last time, this one was blue. The edges were old and frayed, and
it was clearly well-loved. Akira had spent so many years remembering him in his red scarf
and brown coat. It was weird seeing Goro wear something new, something different.
More concerningly were the scars on Goro’s face, old and stretched across his skin, but the
photographs had already braced Akira for that new feature.
“Oh my god,” Akira whispered. He couldn’t believe what he was seeing. He wanted to look
away. “Akechi.”
“Kurusu,” Goro said.
“That’s my name,” Akira said, trying and failing to smile.

Akira wasn’t prepared at all when Goro pulled him into an embrace. It was so shockingly out
of character that Akira stood, frozen.
Goro pulled away before Akira could get a hold of himself.
“Sorry,” Goro muttered, looking away. “I missed you.”
“You missed me?” Akira asked numbly. He glanced back down at the phone in his hand.
“You’ve seen quite a lot of me.”
“Akira… the other version of you…” Goro looked about as lost as Akira felt. “Has all of
your best qualities. But he was never you. He never… remembered.”
“And now I’ve stolen his body,” Akira said, feeling suddenly dirty.
“Maruki put you here,” Goro said. “Don’t blame yourself.”
“Kind of hard when I’m the one body snatching,” Akira said.
“I know, I know,” Goro said. He tugged at his hair. “We just need… we need to wake the
others up. Which is going to be so much harder than last time.”
Akira couldn’t help it. A smile spread across his face. If this was a dream, a terrible part of
him hoped he would never wake up. “Is that a challenge?”
Goro’s eyes burned. “You’re on.”

Akira was in charge of the Phantom Thieves, since persuading them would be much the same
as last time. Goro was in charge of convincing everyone else, with the help of Yu and Minato.
“The key is the point out any plot holes, for lack of a better word,” Goro told the both of
them, recalling what Akira told him. “Even questions as simple as why do we know each
other are sufficient.”
Minato stared at a family photo that materialized on the kitchen counter. It was of Minato’s
entire family at Minato and Kotone’s graduation, smiling and cheering at the camera.
“I can’t believe Maruki would do this,” Minato whispered. “Is this meant to make us happy?”
“If we forget the old reality existed, yes,” Goro said.
Minato’s grip on the frame tightened. “And you’re not tempted at all to leave it as it is?”
Was he? The arrival of the old Akira had brought back an old grief that Goro thought he had
left behind him. Akira was one of the only people who had seen Goro at his worst and still
gave a damn afterwards.
He also wasn’t the same Akira Goro spent the past eight years with.

Shinjiro was alive in this reality. Everyone was alive in this reality.
“No,” Goro said, his words feeling like a betrayal to everything he stood for. “I am. But the
longer I wait, the more opportunity Nyarlathotep has to wake up, and I can’t… we can’t let
that happen.”
Minato closed his eyes. “You’re right,” he said. “Let’s do this.”

Thus began the never-ending questioning of everyone Goro knew.
“How did you meet Shinjiro?” Goro asked Akihiko.
“Well, um… you see…” said the no-longer orphaned Akihiko.
“How do we know Mitsuru?” Goro asked Ken.
“Why do you exist?” Goro demanded of Aigis.
And so on and so forth.
It felt wrong, to force his friends to remember a reality much more painful than the one
Maruki presented to them.
But it was wrong of Maruki to brainwash everyone in the first place. Goro wasn’t forcing
anyone to wake up. He was just strongly encouraging them to do so.

Goro, Akira, Minato, and Sumire of all people decided to make headway into the palace
while they waited for the others to make their impossible choice. Goro was infinitely relieved
upon seeing that Minato was allowed to enter the metaverse with Yaldabaoth out of the way.
Having everyone involved would make clearing Maruki’s palace go much quicker, and with
any luck, Nyarlathotep wouldn’t have the chance to wake up so soon after they defeated him.
“Woah,” Akira said upon seeing Goro’s metaverse outfit. “That’s different.”
“Yeah, he got a new persona while fighting a tentacle monster,” Minato said. “It was very
dramatic.”
“What?” Sumire asked, still missing multiple details of Goro’s story.
“You really had to phrase it like that, didn’t you?” Goro muttered. Minato only smirked in
response.
They made decent headway into the palace, but by the time they rested in the safe room,
Goro was exhausted. He sat down in a chair and put his head in his hands.
“Goro,” Akira said suddenly, sitting up. “After this, why don’t we go to Mementos?”

“Just the two of us?” Goro asked. “Why?”
“Well, I know I’m a little rusty, and this version of me doesn’t have it, but…” Akira ripped
off one of his red gloves and threw it at Goro. Goro caught it with a dumbstruck expression.
“You threw the gauntlet first. We’ve yet to have our rematch.”
“Right now?” Goro asked, staring at the glove in his hand.
“It’s now or it’s literally never,” Akira said, his voice cracking. “You and I both know this.”
Goro didn’t like to think about it.
“Okay,” Goro said. “Let’s go.”

“Can I really do this?” Mitsuru whispered. She sat in her father’s study; it was the only place
she could keep calm. Her hands trembled as she thought about what she would have to go
back to.
Eight years… Mitsuru had lost her father eight years ago. And now that she finally had him
back…
Could she really take him away again?
The door to the study opened, and Mitsuru looked up. Her father entered, looking older than
he did when he died. But in this reality, there was a softness in his features that the stress of
the Dark Hour had stripped away.
“Father,” Mitsuru said, her voice sounding faint to her own ears.
“What’s wrong?” Takeharu asked.
Mitsuru burst into tears. Takeharu sat down beside her and put a comforting hand on her
shoulder. Mitsuru hiccupped as she tried to pull herself together.
“I’m sorry,” she whispered. “I’m so sorry.”
Somehow, her father understood. “None of this is real, is it?” he asked. His voice wavered. “I
died, didn’t I?”
Mitsuru gave a tiny, near imperceptible nod.
Takeharu pulled her into a hug. “I’m so sorry,” Takeharu said, “that I couldn’t be there for
you when you needed it most.”
“I couldn’t save you,” Mitsuru whispered, choking on her tears. She clung to her father as
though he could disappear at any moment. “I can’t… I can’t…”

“It’s not your fault, Mitsuru,” Takeharu said firmly. “It was never, and never will be your
fault.”
Mitsuru’s entire body shuddered, and she buried her face into her father’s shoulder. “I can’t
lose you again.”
“I’m sorry,” was all her father could say.

Akira and Goro faced each other in Mementos, the swirling red subway tunnels serving as
their arena.
Goro remembered the first time they did this. He remembered thinking that Akira was a fool
for trusting him. A fool for following Akechi alone into Mementos. Goro remembered
thinking about how easy it would be to kill Akira there and then.
But Akira had won.
“Don’t go easy on me,” Akira said, raising his dagger in a slightly different grip than the
other Akira. Goro had forgotten about that. He wore a wild grin. “Rival.”
“Are you kidding?” Goro asked. “This time, I won’t lose.”
They fought until they were both out of stamina. They collapsed at practically the same time.
“I think I won,” Akira gasped.
“If you call that winning, we both won,” Goro said sarcastically.
Goro had long since gotten over his fear of trains roaring down the tracks. They lay in
opposite directions, their heads being the only thing sitting next to each other. Goro stared at
the murky roof of the tunnel, watching the red and black hues swirl together into nothingness.
“What’s it like?” Akira asked. “My double’s life?”
Goro did not want to think about the other Akira. He didn’t want to know where he was right
now, or if he even existed at all. It soured the moment.
“Does it look like I know?” Goro asked.
“If the pictures on the wall have anything to say about it, yes,” Akira said.
Goro sighed. “It’s good,” he said. “I think. Your parents lost custody of him five years ago.
He lives with the Hanamuras; they own the Junes.”
“That’s why that picture was there,” Akira murmured. “I was so confused.” He suddenly
laughed. “Does that mean my name is Hanamura Akira? It rhymes, and I hate it.”

“That’s what he said too.”
“What else?”
“We have a cat,” Goro said.
“Yeah? What’s his name?”
“Monster Cat,” Goro said. His face grew hot as Akira began laughing his head off. “It was an
accident! It was just a place holder name, and he wanted to name it Go-Go Goro, which was
out of the question—”
Akira started wheezing.
“Oh my god,” Akira gasped, tears springing to his eyes. “What does Morgana think of him?”
“I believe he’s very jealous of him,” Goro said. “Or so I’ve heard. Once, at his behest, I let
the other Akira babysit Monster Cat at Leblanc. Instead of taking good care of him, he loses
him—”
“He lost the cat?” Akira asked. “How?”
“Because the catnapper was still around and was stealing cats left and right,” Goro said.
“Akira thought there might be foul play from Morgana involved, because he calls me in the
middle of the night saying Monster Cat has been stolen—Why are you laughing?”
“I just can’t believe you can take anything seriously when your cat is named that,” Akira
said, taking deep breaths.
“Anyway, we had to stage an intervention for the catnapper, who was apparently grieving the
loss of her cat Snowball, and we had to get Emiko on the phone just to get her to listen to
reason—”
“Who’s Emiko?” Akira asked.
“A friend,” Goro said simply. “She wants to be a veterinarian, which is why we called her.”
“Neat.”
Goro resumed his story. “And when all was said and done, Morgana lectures Monster Cat on
the importance of self-defense in Yongen Jaya.”
“He would,” Akira said, grinning. “Do you think he realized that the cat couldn’t understand
human speech?”
“You know what’s interesting?” Goro asked. “I think Monster Cat did understand Morgana to
a certain degree. He’s certainly more cautious anytime we go out in public anymore.”
“You should’ve named him Go-Go Goro,” Akira said.

“You would say that.”
“The other me was brilliant for coming up with that,” Akira said. “Actually, I have a
confession to make.”
“And that is?”
“When we played darts, I always wanted to say go go Goro to you before you did the final
throw.”
Goro stared at the ceiling with a deadpan expression. “I wish I could be surprised, but your
counterpart does that to me every time.”
“And you don’t bite his head off?” Akira asked. He put his hand on his chest dramatically.
“Who are you and what have you done to Goro?”
“Ha ha,” Goro said. “Ever heard of eight years?”
“I have, actually,” Akira said with a gravity that nobody ever held before. “I’ve felt all of
them too.”
This was a person who understood, Goro realized, feeling like he took a nasty punch to the
gut. Akira understood what it was like for eight years to pass since 2017. Sure, he hadn’t time
traveled, but he still understood.
It was harder, if not impossible, for the others to understand. They were all experiencing this
year for the first time. It wasn’t their fault either. It was just how it was.
“Me too,” Goro whispered.
“He sounds like a good friend.”
“Who?”
“The other me. Who else would I be talking about?”
“I don’t know,” Goro said. “I guess… I have a lot of friends now.”
Akira’s smile became bittersweet. “Well, I was talking about the other me. It sounds like he
makes you happy.”
“You think so?”
“Goro, I’ve stared at that photo wall every time I’m in that bedroom,” Akira said. “And in
most, if not all those pictures, you’re smiling. And not one of your fake smiles or angry
smiles. A real smile.”
Goro didn’t say anything.
“I’ve never… I’d never seen you wear that smile before,” Akira whispered.

“A lot’s happened,” Goro said heavily.
“I know.” A tear slid down Akira’s face, and his voice shook. “And I don’t know if this was
Akira’s wish, or yours, or something Maruki thought you both wanted, but… you know I
can’t stay here. You know… I never made you happy like that.”
“That’s not true,” Goro said quickly. Akira didn’t say anything, and Goro hastened to
elaborate. “Maybe it wasn’t the same happiness I feel now, but… you were the first person in
my life that gave a shit about me after my mother died. Gave a shit about the person who I
really was. And that made me… that made me happier than you realize. Than even I
realized.”
“But I can’t stay,” Akira said, shutting his eyes. Another tear slipped down his face. “I have a
life outside of here. And the other me has a life here. I can’t steal that from him. I’m not sure
that I want to.”
Goro clung to one of the horizontal bars between the subway tracks. The concrete dug into
his skin. “I’m not sure I want you to either,” he admitted.
Akira looked relieved and heartbroken at the same time. Goro wondered how the hell their
roles ever became reversed.
“Then that’s that,” Akira said, his voice strangled. He brought his arm over his eyes. “Let’s
not… let’s not talk about it anymore.”
“Let’s not,” Goro agreed, blinking away the tears in his own eyes.

“Akihiko,” Shinji said, sitting next to Akihiko at the kitchen table.
Akihiko had been sitting at the table for the past hour, staring at an old photo of Shinji,
Akihiko, and Mitsuru. They all looked so happy together.
“No.” Akihiko said.
“Aki, listen to me,” Shinji said. “Goro’s right.”
“No,” Akihiko said with more force. “You’re not… you can’t be…”
“I’m dead,” Shinji said. “And so is Miki. You have to accept that.”
“You don’t know what you’re asking me to do,” Akihiko said through gritted teeth. His mind
flashed to Shinji lying in the hospital bed, the heart monitor flat-lining. Miki being left
behind in the fire. The recoil of Takaya’s revolver. Akihiko furiously pushed it away. “I can’t
lose you again.”
“And you want to live a lie instead?” Shinji asked. “Let whoever doing this control us
through happiness? Come on. You’re better than that.”

Could Akihiko really live in a world in which he killed two people? Takaya was evil, but
Chidori… Junpei would hate him all over again.
“Am I?”
Shinji slammed his hand on the table, causing the entire thing to shake. “Yes. You are.”

“What about you?” Goro asked. They sat in Goro’s bedroom, where Goro introduced Akira
to Monster Cat. Monster Cat regarded him warily. Did he know someone else was inhabiting
his caretaker’s body?
“What about me?” Akira asked.
“What has life been like?” The without me went unsaid.
“Well, things were pretty hectic at first,” Akira said. “Traversed a politician’s really tragic
mindscape pretty much right after we sorted out Maruki. And there were some strange road
trip shenanigans the following summer vacation. An artificial intelligence joined the team.
You know how it is.”
“And now?”
“Things are okay,” Akira said. “Good, even. Haru’s got her coffee shop up and running.
Zenkichi talked Makoto out of trying to become police commissioner, so she’s going into
social services now. Ann’s a model; Ryuji’s managing a local gym. Yusuke does art. Futaba’s
doing freelance tech work. Sumire’s a pro gymnast.”
“What about you?” Goro asked.
“Oh, I do musical theater,” Akira said.
“Be serious.”
“You don’t think I could cut it?”
“As dramatic as you are, no I don’t think you would manage actually making it to the stage.”
“Ouch.”
“I’m being honest.”
Akira sighed dramatically. “Well, I still pick up a bunch of odd jobs, and I work more and
more at Leblanc for Sojiro, but officially? I’m a teacher.”
“A teacher?” Goro asked, unable to hide the surprise from his voice.

“Yep,” Akira said, scratching Monster Cat behind the ears. “High schoolers, if you can
believe it. It’s my way of making a difference in people’s lives without, you know, stealing
hearts.”
“Do you wear your fake glasses to look smarter?” Goro asked.
“Only on test days,” Akira said with a sly smile.

“I was going to propose,” Junpei whispered into the silence separating him and Chidori, who
sat opposite him at their kitchen table.
A ring sat in one of Junpei dresser drawers, hidden beneath a pile of shirts. The reservation to
their favorite restaurant was for next month.
Junpei had been so excited.
But was that reservation even real? Was the ring? Had Junpei actually done any of those
things?
“I know,” Chidori said.
“You… know?”
“I saw it when it was my turn to do the laundry,” Chidori said. “But I knew you would want it
to be a surprise.”
“Oh.” Junpei swallowed. “What would you have said… when I asked?”
“You really have to ask?” Chidori looked unimpressed, but her face faded to sadness. “You
know I would’ve said yes.”
They dissolved into heavy silence.
“It’s okay,” Chidori suddenly said.
“It’s… okay?” Junpei repeated, looking up with a confused expression.
Chidori smiled slightly. “You’ve already started to reject this reality, so… I saw this on your
dresser.”
Chidori slid a photograph across the table. Junpei picked it up and blinked.
It was Junpei and… his girlfriend. He remembered now…Murasato Ayame. He met her
through one of his teammates. She had dark brown skin and curly hair and a bubbly
personality and was going to law school. She didn’t resemble Chidori in any way. But
Junpei… Junpei loved her. He loved her a lot.

Come to think of it, he had seen her once in this alternate timeline. She was with her ex. It
had been a rough breakup, and Junpei knew that Ayame had wished things had gone
differently, but…
Damn. Maruki really had gone and played matchmaker, huh?
“I’m sorry,” Junpei said. It took a long time for him to be able to start dating again after what
had happened… but after speaking with a counselor about it, he decided Chidori would want
him to find happiness. Still, to be confronted with Chidori now… “I haven’t forgotten about
you, I just—”
“Don’t apologize,” Chidori said. “I am happy. That you found someone, I mean. As much as
I wish things could have turned out differently, I… I hope things work out for you two.”
“Yeah,” Junpei said. “Thanks.”

When the others finally joined the fight, they got through the palace in mere days.
“I still can’t believe you’re the previous timeline’s Akira,” Futaba said, poking Akira’s arm
like he was a science experiment. “But I guess you’re actually from the parallel timeline?
This is so weird.”
“Can you tell us about our futures?” Haru asked.
“Um, unfortunately, I think Goro broke the timeline,” Akira said. “Because I have no idea if
things are going to go the same way they went for us.”
“Wow, thanks a lot Goro-kun,” Ryuji said. “We could have known our futures.”
“I’m so sorry for trying to make your lives better,” Goro said with an eyeroll.
“Perhaps it is best that we do not know,” Yusuke said. “There is beauty in mystery.”
“Yeah, you would say that,” Ryuji said.
“I just can’t believe you don’t know me,” Teddie lamented.
Akira winced. “Yeah, sorry,” he said. “I mean, I sort of know you, I just…”
“It’s alright Teddie,” Yosuke said. “We’ll get our Akira back soon. Uh—I mean, no offense.”
“None taken,” Akira said quickly.
When encountering him half-way through the palace, Maruki initially claimed that he was
only going to come to Leblanc to hear their final decision in February, but Goro told Akira on
no uncertain terms would he let that happen.
“We cannot wait for February,” he said. “We’ve already been in this reality for a week.”

“Wow, you’re really scared of tentacle monster waking up,” Akira said, with a small smirk.
“You don’t understand,” Goro said. “Think Yaldabaoth, but worse.”
“It was pretty bad,” said Ken.
Akira frowned. “Okay,” he said. “I’ll try to find a way to convince Maruki to come to us so
we can give him a calling card, but it won’t be easy.”
“Just do what you can,” Goro said. “I trust you.”

The next day, while Goro waited for Akira to track down Maruki, someone knocked on the
door to the apartment. Minato and Ryoji were out, so Goro opened the door.
Shinjiro stood in front of him, looking healthier than Goro ever saw him. He raised his
eyebrows at Goro, but Goro couldn’t bring himself to react at all.
“Damn, you got tall,” he said.
“Why are you here?” Goro asked, choking on the urge to sob. He clung onto the brass
doorknob, and it rattled beneath his fist. “You know how hard this is, why are you making it
harder?”
“I’m sorry,” Shinjiro said. “But I never got to say goodbye last time, and I heard my letter
met its demise, so I thought I’d come to tie up loose ends.”
“I’m sorry,” Goro said. He couldn’t stop the first tears from coming. “I tried, I swear I tried
—”
“Hey,” Shinjiro said gently. “You saved that girl. You did the right thing.”
“But the letter—”
“Was destroyed by a guy hellbent on making your life miserable,” Shinjiro said. “Aki filled
me in. How the hell is that your fault?”
Goro’s body shook as more tears escaped. At least Goro managed to stop his breath from
hitching embarrassingly.
Shinjiro rested a hand on Goro’s shoulder.
“So, look,” Shinjiro said. “I’m proud of you, got that? You went through hell and came out of
it a better person. And you’ve sure as hell come a long way from that kid who cornered me
with a knife.”
Goro covered his eyes with his hand. “Fuck you,” he whispered, right before Shinjiro pulled
him into a hug. Goro could barely hear himself speak with his face buried into Shinjiro’s
jacket, which smelled like pepper and curry powder. “Thank you.”

“And listen,” Shinjiro said. “I know you’ve been avoiding Takeharu’s calls.”
“I have,” Goro admitted softly.
“Answer him.” Shinjiro hugged him tighter. “You know he wants that final match.”
“Okay,” Goro whispered.
“Also,” Shinjiro said. “Puberty did a number on your voice.”
Goro laughed so hard he snorted.

So, the following day, Goro met Takeharu at Penguin Sniper.
“You’ve grown,” Takeharu said upon seeing him.
“People keep saying that,” Goro muttered. But in this case, he had to agree. It was downright
bizarre being the same height as the man he only ever looked up at.
“Then it must be true.”
And they had their final match. A truly odd burst of nostalgia overcame Goro. Penguin
Sniper would always remind him of spying on Akira, but playing with Takeharu was like
going back in time, when Goro was eleven and always afraid.
“You’ve improved,” Takeharu said as Goro knocked another ball in the pocket.
“Maybe I’ve just gotten taller,” Goro said dryly. “It’s not easy to play when you’re barely
four feet tall.”
Takeharu chuckled. “I wasn’t just talking about your game.”
Goro’s chest squeezed. He didn’t look up until he won the game.
“Akechi-kun,” Takeharu said, looking Goro in the eye. “I’m glad that you’re happy.”
Goro managed a small smile, even as a lump settled in his throat. “And I’m glad… that we
had our rematch. Thank you. For everything.”
Takeharu smiled.

Maruki entered Leblanc with a calm smile, as though he thought he was incapable of losing.
Didn’t he know that Akechi had already beaten him once before?
“Akechi-kun,” he said as he sat down across from them. “I should have known you would be
here.”

“Maruki,” Goro spat.
“You said you made a decision?” Maruki asked Akira. “I must say, I was reluctant to come in
here so much earlier than planned. I hope your decision is favorable.”
Akira didn’t say anything in favor of throwing the calling card at Maruki. Maruki caught it
with a dumbfounded expression.
“I just can’t understand,” Maruki said, half speaking to Akira and half speaking to Akechi.
“I’ve given you what you wanted. So many people you lost are alive and well. I’ve eradicated
all evil in the world while letting people remember certain events that made them stronger. I
even brought back—”
“Yeah, about that,” Akira said, not letting him finish. “Why the hell would you kill the kid
who had the faith to get to know you for the sake of someone who has already kicked your
ass?”
“He wanted to be you,” Maruki said. “He knew he would never live up to the person Akechi
remembered. You mean to tell me you’re not happy, Akechi-kun?”
“He didn’t want to lose who he was entirely,” Goro said. “And I certainly didn’t want to lose
him. Akira has his own life to go back to.”
“But you could be so much happier here,” Maruki pleaded. “All of your friends are happy,
Akechi-kun’s alive, and you both have your memories—”
Akira slammed his hand against the table. “The answer was no once,” Akira said. “It’s no
again. Don’t even pretend to be surprised.”
“Very well,” Maruki said sadly, standing up. “If that’s how it has to be, I suppose I’ll see you
tomorrow.”
“Good,” Goro snarled.
“But know this,” Maruki said. His expression hardened. “All those people whose lives I’ve
made better? Their misery is on your hands.”
He slammed the door shut behind him.

“I guess this is it,” Akira said in the saferoom before facing off against Maruki.
“I guess it is,” Goro said. “I wish… I wish we could have had more time together… before.
Maybe… maybe things could have… we could have…”
Could have what? Grown between them? Let their rivalry shift into something more
intimate? More real?
“I do too.” Akira smiled bitterly. “But I’m glad you’re happy.”

“Me too,” Goro said. A knife twisted inside his chest. “I hope you live a good life.”
“You too,” Akira said. “Try not to get into too much trouble.”
“No promises.” Goro took a deep breath. “I know we may not have known each other for
long, in the grand scheme of things, but I hope you know just how much you changed my
life.”
He held out his hand. Akira grinned even as he cried. He seized it with all his strength.
“And you changed mine.”
Goodbye, Kurusu Akira.

A few weeks later, Akira entered his welcome-back-from-jail party with a tragic expression
on his face. “I can’t believe I missed human Morgana.”
Goro didn’t hesitate before hugging him. He pulled away only a few seconds later.
“What was that for?” Akira asked, confused.
“What were you thinking?” Goro asked, his voice shaking. He lightly punched Akira in the
shoulder. “Just because I miss the other Akira doesn’t mean I want to get rid of you.”
“O-oh,” Akira said, massaging his shoulder. “Well, I mean, obviously I knew that logically.
It’s just… hard sometimes. To know there’s a cooler version of you out there.”
“Neither of you are any cooler than the other,” Goro said. “Don’t you ever pull a stunt like
that again.”
“With any luck, we won’t have to,” Akira said. “You won, right?”
Goro thought back to the sea of grieving teammates after Maruki’s palace collapsed. The
horror in realizing Akira was going to wake up from defeating Maruki in jail, and the other
Akira hadn’t told him.
“If you can call it that.”

Goro, Morgana, Monster Cat, and Akira went out for ice cream the following day. They sat
on a bench in Inokashira park and watched children playing in the snow with their parents.
Maybe ice cream wasn’t the best choice for a winter snack, but Akira said he was craving it,
and Goro wasn’t going to refuse him.
“I’m sorry,” Akira said softly. “For putting you through that. I shouldn’t have tried to make
Maruki see reason.”

“What’s done is done,” Goro said. “And besides. That’s who you are. You want to see the
best in people.”
“And it always comes back to bite me in the ass,” Akira said. “I can’t imagine what it was
like. I just have a two-week hole in my memory.”
“And then you woke up in prison,” Goro said. “It was hard for you too.”
“Hey, I’m glad to have missed two weeks of prison.” Akira shuddered. “In a way, Maruki did
us a favor there.”
“Please don’t give him any credit.”
They fell into a comfortable silence as they ate their ice cream. Morgana lectured Monster
Cat on why ice cream was poisonous for cats. Monster Cat wore a vaguely unimpressed
expression.
“What now?” Akira asked as he bit into his ice cream cone with a satisfying crunch. “I mean,
now that Mementos is gone for real this time?”
Goro honestly kept expecting Nyarlathotep to appear out of nowhere, to pick up where he left
off with taunts and threats of murder.
But Goro hadn’t time traveled. Nobody wearing a face from Goro’s nightmares had come to
haunt him. Maybe they did defeat Maruki early enough. Maybe Nyarlathotep didn't have time
to come back.
But it didn't matter. If Nyarlathotep wanted to come, let him come. They could defeat him
again. Goro would like to focus on the present. The beautiful, unpredictable present.
“You know what?” Goro laughed at the sheer absurdity of it all. “I actually don’t know.”
Akira smiled. “I guess we’ll figure it out together.”

The End

Chapter End Notes

Credit to Daredevil, You Hit the Wall for Makoto becoming a social worker. It's a great
fic and you should all check it out.
Also credit to Ace in the Hole because although I haven't read it I did read its TV tropes
page and it may have planted the idea of Goro being kidnapped by Shido idk but I hate
not crediting ideas so here I am.

And that's a wrap! Thank you to all of you who stuck with me throughout this entire fic,
y'all are awesome and also crazy patient because it's been nearly a full year. I started
posting September 2023 and now it's September 2024. I really appreciate it though
because I started writing this in January 2023 (I know I said in a different notes I started
in December but that was inaccurate whoops), so it's been like 21 months for me. I know
not all of you jammed with some of my plot decisions, but you're still here and I am
grateful for all the support ^-^.
So, in honor of this momentous occasion, I am going to gently suggest that we only have
positive things to say in this comments section (with the exceptions of typos and
abhorrently offensive content), because like my toilet overflowed today which is why
you're getting the chapter now and not two hours ago. I would like to not have my day
further tarnished with the knowledge that someone hated this chapter.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed, and please, please, please, be nice in the
comments. <3

End Notes

I swear these chapters are trying to average 5k words. Updates on Wednesdays.
check me out on tumblr

Works inspired by this one
Daydream of light and dark by CrystalSnow17
A Well-Loved Demon by aaolisami
Deal with the Devil by Furious_Pines
Please drop by the Archive and comment to let the creator know if you enjoyed their work!

