
#1
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
01
"Zuko… what are you doing?"

Blowing through the thin, glued together bamboo tube to make sure it was clear, I sent Ursa a smile from where I stood on the bank of the turtle duck pond, naked save for my underwear. "Training."

"Oh? Training, hm?" she asked with an amused smile and a tone that said she was humoring me. Both were very familiar by this point. My mother in this new life was well aware of my proclivities and seemed to enjoy watching me try new, sometimes outlandish things, to explore some aspect of firebending that I wanted to try out. "What sort of training this time?"

"Well," I began giving the excuse I'd come up with, "Uncle Iroh says that the key to firebending is the breath."

"That's true," Ursa allowed, curiosity in her words as she encouraged me to continue.

"Under water, you're mostly cut off from the outside world. Sounds are muted, you can't smell, can't see well and you're better off closing your eyes, all you can really feel is the water around you and your own body, you're almost weightless. All you really have to focus on is your breathing and your own thoughts. It's relaxing."

"And you can't do this while just floating on the water's surface?"

I grinned. "I could. But where's the fun in that?"

Ursa laughed and gestured one hand at the water. "Well, go on then, Zuzu. Show me."

Tucking the end of the snorkel into my mouth and biting down a bit to hold it in place, I waded out into the small but deep pond and slipped beneath the surface. The water was nice and cool in the late summer heat and I closed my eyes, enjoying the sensation of weightlessness as I treaded water slowly to stay under the surface. Focusing on my breathing, I slipped into the familiar meditative trance as I focused on my firebending, trying to recall the dream I'd had the previous night, of firebenders who used what I was more familiar with calling pyrokinesis—that is, the ability to start fires with the mind, instead of the traditional firebending method of conjuring fire using the rest of the body.

As always, the details had been vague and it was only with the latest dream, one in a series of them this last month, that I was able to piece together enough information to have some idea as to how to even begin trying to train to learn the skill myself. What I had put together was that it required the trainee to submerge themselves, for them to have uninterrupted and clear ki flows, and a clear focus. That was all I had to go on.

I've done more with less, the thought slipped to the surface, before I pushed it away and cleared my mind. I wasn't expecting immediate results. After several years of this, of learning through trial and error—lots, and lots, and lots of error—I had learned to temper my expectations. Consistent effort and practice were the only way to really get anywhere, just like with learning any other skill.

Eventually, however, when the sun started to dip below the horizon, the pond darkened, and my stomach reminded me it was almost time for supper my focus slipped. I pushed myself to the surface and pulled my way over to the bank, where I found Ursa waiting with a smile—along with a towel and my clothes.

"You were under for a long time. Did you learn anything?"

I hummed, considering the question as I dried myself off. "Yeah."

"What did you learn?"

"That I should probably just take your advice on it and stick to staying on the surface," I admitted.

Ursa chuckled as she took the towel herself and started helping to try me. "Why's that?"

"Mouth breathing messes with the 'in through the nose, out through the mouth' flow." At her amused grin, I asked, "You realized that right off the bat, didn't you?"

"Perhaps," she admitted, voice teasing. "But because you learned it for yourself, the lesson stands out more."

"You learn more from failure than success." She nodded at that and picked up my robe, holding it open. "Let's go inside. Azula came by while you were under, when she got home from school. She brought her friends with her."

"Surprised she didn't join me," I murmured, pulling on the last of my clothes and walking beside Ursa as we went inside.

Azula was… not what I was expecting. Thankfully.

When I had first reincarnated into this world and figured out just where and who I was, I had been a bit… worried. I knew what AtLA was mostly through osmosis and, admittedly, porn. I knew the rough story beats.

The world was divided into four nations, along classical elemental lines—earth, wind, fire, and water. The fire nation started a war and conquered or killed the other nations when a comet overhead gave the firebenders a boost to their firebending. The titular 'last airbender,' Aang, somehow managed to time capsule himself for a hundred years just as the fire nation decided to kill his entire people to kill him and break the Avatar reincarnation cycle, only to be pulled out of the deep freeze by two water tribe kids. From there, they went on a journey across the world pursued by yours truly—or the original version of Zuko—for Aang to learn the other three elements in time to stop the fire lord, before the comet that kicked off the war came around a second time. I, or I guess some version of Zuko, had at some point in his early life gotten his face burned badly and been exiled by his father, so spent much of the series chasing after Aang to capture him and restore his lost honor. The power of friendship won in the end and the bad guy was defeated.

What I remembered about Azula specifically was that she was crazy. Certifiably batshit insane. Whether that was due to her upbringing or just that she was a bad egg, I wasn't certain. I just remembered that she was nuts.

Either explanation was viable, really. I'd seen it played out in my first life time and time again. Being born into wealth, power, and privilege tended to ruin someone, unless their parents went out of their way to keep it from happening—while on the other hand, being born without those things tended to make one more appreciative of them once they got them. Sure, it wasn't true universally in either case, but stereotypes exist for a reason. As for it being a legitimate case of mental illness, it pretty much took a 'wait and see' approach to discover that anyway.

So… I had tried to head at least one of those off at the pass and mitigate the other if at all possible. I had tried to make myself the best big brother Azula could want, and I think I had done pretty well on that front—in spite of our father trying to whisper poison into her ear and heart and turn her into his mini-me.

At seven, Azula wasn't more of a pill than I remembered other kids her age being in my first life, from interacting with nieces and nephews. If anything, she was kind of clingy—not that I was complaining. When she wasn't in school, Azula wanted to be around me. She liked bringing around her two friends and having the four of us play—and mostly just show off her 'cool older brother' to her friends.

I was pulled from my thoughts by the girl in question latching onto my back as she jumped on me, having hidden behind the doorway and waited for us to enter. Her hands covered my eyes as her legs wrapped around my waist from behind and she held on. "Guess who!"

"Hmm… Is it… Mai?"

"Nope!" Azula giggled. "Try again!"

"Oh, then it must be Ty Lee."

"Nunuh! Guess again!"

I hummed quietly, then nodded. "Ah! Mom must have somehow snuck behind me and ambushed me."

Ursa laughed and Azula giggled. "No~!"

"Oh, well, then it must be my favorite little sister."

Azula snorted. "Idiot, I'm your only little sister!"

Reaching around, I tickled her side, making her laugh and squirm, but she refused to let go. So, instead of trying to dislodge her, I focused my senses outward, into my firebending. The hallway lit up to my senses all around me—myself, Azula, Ursa, and the torches lining the walls all brighter glows against the slightly cooler backdrop of the walls, floor, and ceiling. "Just because you're my only sister doesn't mean you can't be my favorite, foooolish girl."

"Dummy!"

"Brat."

"Nuhuh!"

"Uh huh," I teased her as Ursa chuckled quietly, reaching out and running a hand through Azula's hair before patting my own head.

"Now now, you're both my favorite," she sent us a happy smile.

Unfortunately, our little happy family moment came to an end all too soon, as we entered the dining room and found Ozai—my and Azula's father—waiting for us with a frown. Lately, the man had been taking his meals in his office as he went over reports and other things concerning the war effort, but occasionally, he liked to poke his head out and remind us that he existed.

"What kept you?" he demanded of Ursa, but from the way his eyes shifted to me, it was clear he knew I was ultimately the cause of any percieved delay.

Not that there actually was one. That was one of the perks of royalty—even if Ozai was Emperor Azulon's second son, and so not in the line of succession unless things changed drastically. Things like meals tended to happen on our schedule in the palace. Meaning that he had just come in, seen that we weren't here, and opted to complain. I was certain that if we had been here when he arrived, he would complain that we had attempted to exclude him, and if mother went to fetch him, he would complain about her rushing him. There was literally no right answer and we all knew it.

"Good evening, husband. How was your day?" Ursa greeted instead, neatly sidestepping the issue by dint of long experience. If he wanted to complain more, he would have to repeat himself, and they both knew that if he brought it back up, he was simply being petty.

Ozai's frown deepened as we sat, but apparently he decided it wasn't worth it. "News from the front."

"Ah, that reminds me. Children, I'd like to speak with you later. Your uncle sent you gifts and a letter," Ursa smiled at us, making Azula perk up. "He got us all something."

"Yes. Earth Kingdom swill Iroh mistakenly labeled wine," Ozai pulled a face as servants began drifting in with dishes and setting out the evening meal for us. "Let us speak of something else. Azula, how are your studies going?"

"They're going well, father!" the girl beamed as he sent her one of his rare smiles. "Would you like to see what I learned today?"

"Show me," he nodded, and Azula bounced to her feet. My sister began to go through a short kata, throwing out blasts of flame from her hands and feet—thankfully, aimed away from the table. Ozai smiled and nodded. "Good, Azula. Very good."

Azula made her way back to her seat, beaming a happy smile as she did. Quietly, Ursa pulled Azula into a hug against her side. "That was great, Azula."

Ozai's smile fell off and he shifted a disapproving gaze to me. "Zuko, why can't you be more like your sister?"

I sent him a guileless smile. "Why aren't you more like your brother?"

The room went silent. The servants, who had been standing against the walls, hurried for the exits. The temperature crept upwards, a heat haze forming around Ozai as his face reddened. I simply picked up my rice bowl and began eating. Finally, he quietly demanded, "What did you say?"

"I said, why aren't you more like your brother, father," I repeated, looking up and meeting his gaze as I set my bowl down. "Uncle Iroh is a great man, just as Azula is a very talented girl. I'm not as naturally talented as my sister, but I work hard every day to close the gap between us."

That was a blatant lie. I was just as talented as Azula. Some of it was from hard work and being willing to think outside the box. Most of it came from being an adult mind inside a child's body, and having knowledge of science and physics this world hadn't discovered, which let me do things with fire that most would consider the realm of masters for even considering them, but I tried as a case of trying to duplicate something I had seen in real life—like my heat vision skill. The rest was whatever gift I had been given, in the form of those dreams showing me hints about what might be possible.

But I didn't advertise any of that, and only Ursa really suspected that I might know more than I let on. Mom was observant like that, but also perfectly happy to keep my secrets to herself.

"Is that so?"

"Yes. I don't resent Azula for being blessed with skill as a bender. That's Azula's talent and I'm sure I'll discover my own, eventually."

Ozai snorted quietly. "And what talent might that be, if not the one thing you should be great at?"

"I have no idea. But I'm not Azula, which is why I'm not going go try to be more like her. I'm going to be the best Zuko I can be—not the best imitation of Azula I can be. If I did anything less, I'd spend the rest of my life living in her shadow, jealous of her achievements, her successes, and probably wind up a bitter, impotent, conniving, backstabbing old man who's only happy when my beloved little sister fails. I'll take my example from you, father, and be happy with my sister's successes, while striving to make a name for myself and stand outside of her shadow—to stand on my own merits."

Ozai's jaw clenched, the heat around us increasing as his teeth ground in his head. But the truth was, he couldn't do anything. Not here, not now. He'd sniped at me and I had clapped back hard, but I had worded it in such a way that the assumption was that he didn't resent Iroh. Any action on his part now would only contradict that and show him for exactly what he was. The second son, jealous of his older brother's achievements, position, and a man who lusted for power—seeking the throne when he wasn't the heir, hadn't distinguished himself enough to earn it, and was frankly unfit to lead given his temperament.

It paid to pay attention. To sit down, shut up, listen, and watch. To speak with my elder relatives—even the scary old man sitting on the throne. I had learned all I really needed to know about Ozai from how he treated and spoke about Uncle Iroh, and the things grandfather Azulon said about him—usually in the form of warnings to not do the things my father had done.

Just to rub salt in the wound, I picked up my tea cup and took a sip. "Ahh, nice. You should have some, father. Some soothing jasmine tea will do wonders to help you relax after a long day."

Ozai stood up and left, storming out of the room. As soon as he was gone, Ursa sighed. "You shouldn't antagonize your father, Zuko."

"A great man is hard on himself; a small man is hard on others."

"You've been spending too much time around Uncle Iroh," Azula pulled a face.

"No such thing."

Ursa sighed, shaking her head. "Well, let's finish our meal and go get those gifts."

Azula ate quickly after that, while Ursa and I ate at a more sedate pace, knowing that the delay would only make my little sister more antsy. When we were finished, we made our way back to our sitting room and Ursa retrieved two small packages, along with a scroll. "Let's see. It says…"

I listened with half an ear as the servants brought two boxes out. "For Zuko, a pearl dagger from the general who surrendered when we broke through the outer wall. Note the inscription and the superior craftsmanship."

I took the dagger in hand and unsheathed it, whistling quietly as I looked it over. It was a very fine piece of work. Sheathing it, I looked over to see what Azula had gotten.

"And for Azula, a new friend. She wears the latest fashion for Earth Kingdom girls."

Azula pulled a face as her eyes turned towards my dagger. Internally, I sighed, resigning myself to what I was about to do. "Huh, that's funny. I think he got the names wrong."

"Hm?" Ursa asked, and I nodded. "What do you mean, Zuko?"

I offered Azula my dagger and casually took the doll from her, to my sister's surprise. "Well, it's just that I think he forgot how much I love I enjoy collecting those dolls and seeing the fashions the different kingdoms' ladies have to offer. After all, I need to have some idea what sort of dress any future wife of mine would enjoy receiving as a gift. And what better way to model them than on a doll? Uses less material but still lets you see what it'll look like, without taking up much space."

I tucked the doll away in the fold of my robe as I turned a grin on Ursa as Azula looked reverently down at the blade, clutching it tightly to her chest. "I think I'll send Uncle a note thanking him for his thoughtful gift."

Ursa looked between the two of us as a smile pulled at her lips. "That sounds like a great idea, my son."

"Yeeeah, how could Uncle make such a dumb mistake. Must be getting forgetful in his old age," Azula muttered, before hurrying from the room. "Goodnight!"

"Goodnight, mom."

"Goodnight, dears."

I left to go put the doll on a shelf in my room and grab a bath. Not too long after I'd gotten into bed and put out the lanterns lighting the room, my door opened and I felt a light weight bounce onto my bed, before a familiar form slipped under my covers. Azula wrapped her arms around me and sighed. "Thank you, Zuzu."

"You're welcome, Azula. I know how much it meant to you."

"Mm," she nodded. A few moments later, she demanded, "Tell me a story."

"Is that how we ask for something?"

"A princess doesn't ask."

"You do if you want something from your older brother," I chuckled, earning a quiet sound of discontent from her.

Eventually, she caved. "Will you read me a story, please?"

Giving her a squeeze in response, I nodded. "Sure. How about the story of… King Arthur. The greatest king to ever live."

"Are there any girls in it?"

I laughed quietly. "Oh ye of little faith. Little did the kingdom know, but Arthur had a secret. For he was really Artoria, but was raised as a boy by his father, because no one would have accepted a queen ruling by herself in that time."

"No benders, either?"

"No benders, no. But there is magic. After all, this is the tale of how Artoria met the great wizard Merlin—who became her teacher and advisor, and was herself a half-succubus."

"Ehh? What's a succubus?"

"It's a type of spirit who looks like a woman and seduces men, showing them love in exchange for a little of their life essence, so she can live. Anyway. Arthur…"
Two years later…

I sighed as I finished the climb from where the cart had dropped me off through the town of Shu Jing, up the path to one of the cliffs overlooking the town, where a castle had been built. Walking up to the front gate, I grabbed the rope beside the gate and pulled, ringing a bell to announce my presence.

A few minutes later, the door set in the gate opened and an older man with the top of his head bald and the rest of his hair in a topknot greeted me with a bow, which I returned. "How may I help you?"

"I'm Zuko, here to learn from master Piandao." I still wasn't used to appending 'prince' to my name and doubted I ever would be.

"I am Fat. I'll take you to him," the man answered curtly, before turning on his heel and entering the castle.

I shifted the bag on my back to a more comfortable position and followed him inside. Fat led me to an inner courtyard, where a man sat drinking tea in front of a Pai Sho table. Studying me as we approached, he hummed quietly. Fat left me with him, after pouring a second cup of tea.

I bowed politely. "Master Piandao. I am—"

"I know who you are, Prince Zuko," he cut me off and I fell silent. He waited a few moments before asking, "Do you play?"

"A bit."

"Sit. Let us have a game."

Placing my bag down, I reached into it and fished out the one tile I carried with me, before taking the pieces he offered and beginning to set up. The game began and I started with the opening move I'd learned from watching Iroh play others. Piandao raised an eyebrow and responded as I had expected him to. "Many young nobles of the Fire Nation come to me every year, demanding I teach them, and of those I take on only a rare select few. Your uncle, brother to the Fire Lord, sent you to me, along with a letter asking that I instruct you. So tell me, Prince Zuko. Why should I spend my limited time instructing you? What do you know of the sword?"

I was silent for a while myself as we played and slowly, a form began to take shape on the board between us.

"Nothing," I admitted freely, placing down my lotus tile in the middle of the formation. "But isn't it true that a bowl is most useful when it is empty?"

Piandao chuckled and began resetting the board. "How is Iroh?"

"He wasn't well for a while, after losing his son, then his father." Azulon was not a good man, but I had spent years cultivating a relationship with him. I would bring him tea and snacks when he wasn't seeing anyone in court for the day, then get him to tell me stories from his youth, and about our grandmother. Eventually, the man opened up. I think he even liked me, by the end.

It was a shame he had to die, because he ordered Ozai to kill Azula, after our cousin Lu Ten's death. In Azulon's words, he wanted to make Ozai know the pain of the loss of a child, but grandfather knew that his relationship with me could politely be called 'strained,' though more honestly 'hostile' fit better. Since Ozai would feel nothing at my death, he instead ordered our father to kill the child he did love—the one he was trying to mold into his own image. Azula.

Ozai had protested, vehemently, which only made his father more certain of his choice. I'd had to drag Azula away and she had been… inconsolable, after. Ursa had found us in my bed, Azula clinging to me and begging me not to let father kill her. After I'd explained what was going on, she had left for a while, then returned in the middle of the night to tell Azula and I goodbye. We hadn't seen her since, and the next morning, Azulon was found dead. Ozai was crowned Fire Lord the very next day and since then, my life at the castle had been spent either walking on eggshells, or with uncle Iroh.

That was why I was here, actually. Iroh sent me here to get me away from Ozai. Out of sight, out of mind. I'd spend six months to a year here, or until Piandao decided I was good enough. Once I was finished here, and since Iroh thought keeping me away from Ozai may give my father in this world some appreciation for me with my absence (I doubted it, but stranger things had happened), I had actually asked to go train with the Yuyan archers. They were a group I had heard about in passing, after Ozai hired one to assassinate someone.

"But Uncle is doing better, I suppose. Keeping himself busy with Pai Sho, his tea, and singing. And awful poetry."

"Hah! Yes, that sounds right. You should tell him to visit, the next time you see him."

"I will," I agreed, as we began a new game.

"I think I am going to enjoy having you as an apprentice, Prince Zuko."

"Please, just Zuko."

"Tell me, which do you think stronger. Your firebending, or a blade?"

"I suppose that depends on the situation. Can't use firebending to cut a slice of bread. Can't use a blade alone to start a fire in the winter. Bending is a skill you learn, if you have the talent. It takes up no space in your bag or on your belt. A sword takes up space, but it's space worth taking. If I had the option, I'd prefer to have both."

"Good answer."
"Zuko."

"Azula. It's good to see you again," I sent my sister a smile. "You've grown."

"You missed my birthday," she frowned, glaring at me. "Again."

Pulling my pack off my back, I gestured for her, Ty Lee, and Mai to follow as I moved over to one of the stone benches in the courtyard and sat down. "I did. But I think this might make up for it."

Untying a leather wrapped bundle from the side, I untied the leather holding the bundle together and stood up again, stepping closer to her. Azula was still a couple of inches shorter than me I noticed, as she stared up at me with her pretty gold eyes. Her expression said she was angry, but I could tell from the way her hands fidgeted towards the package that she was excited.

I offered the bundle and she accepted it, clutching it to her chest. Carefully, I pulled the leather away from it and her face lit up with a smile as I revealed a traditional straight jian sword with a red tassel tied to the pommel. Taking the sword and sheath in hand, I pulled it from the scabbard just enough for her to see the blade.

"It's beautiful​."

"I might have bribed master Piandao into making it for you." Sliding the blade back into its sheath, I covered it again and pulled her into a hug. "I've missed you."

"I missed you too, big brother​."

"So cute~!"

"Ty Lee," Mai hissed at the excitable girl. "Can't you see they're having a moment?"

"Well, yeah!"

I sighed and let go of Azula, turning a grin on her two friends. "Don't think I've forgotten you two."

Mai raised an eyebrow. "Oh?"

Ty Lee bounced on the balls of her feet. "What'd you get me?!"

Chuckling, I dug through the bag, pulling out two more small wrapped bundles. Gesturing the pair closer, I opened the first and pinned it in Ty Lee's hair, before doing the same with Mai. Behind them, Azula frowned, her glare returning as the girls pulled out the hairpins I'd stick in their hair.

"What is this?" Mai asked, studying hers. "A dagger?"

Ty Lee pulled hers apart. "A lock pick?"

"Both. They separate into a small dagger and a pick," I explained. "Practical and beautiful, just like you."

Mai eyed me skeptically, but though her expression was hard to read, I could tell she liked it—both the gift and the complement. "Who are you trying to sweet talk with that line?"

"You. Did it work?" I grinned.

"It totally did!" Ty Lee laughed, throwing her arms around me in a hug and planting a kiss on my cheek. "Thanks, Zuko! Mai, come on! Get in here!"

"I will not—ah!" Mai yelped as she found herself pulled into a three-way hug by an overly enthusiastic Ty Lee. The girl's expression of long suffering told me that things hadn't changed much between them since I'd been gone.

"Okay, that's enough!" Azula growled, grabbing the girls and pulling them away. "Zuko just got back. I'm sure he's tired from his travels and would like to clean up and rest. I'll see you two tomorrow."

"Someone's jealous~," Ty Lee teased, only to yelp as a spark of lightning danced briefly between Azula's fingers. "See you later! Thanks again, Zuzu!"

Mai sighed, shaking her head. "Thank you, Zuko. Later."

"Bye girls. Come by again tomorrow and we'll catch up."

"Tch. No you won't. You're spending the day with me," Azula grumbled quietly as they fled, pulling me towards the doors leading inside. "Let's go take a bath."

"A bath sounds good."

"I'll wash your back."

"You must have really missed me. We haven't done that since we were little," I sent her an amused look, earning a glare in response.

"Not really," Azula denied, and I heard the pout in her voice. "Tell me about your travels."

As we passed a servant, I sent the woman a smile and offered her my bag, asking, "Would you please take this to my room?"

"Certainly, Prince Zuko. And welcome home!"

"Thank you, Lily," I sent the woman a smile, and she beamed in response as she hurried away.

Quietly, I heard the woman whisper, "He remembers my name!" as she scurried down the hall.

It paid to treat the staff well. Little things like remembering their names and birthdays went a long way towards making life easier, and lowering my worry that one day, I might take a sip of tea and abruptly wake up in the spirit realm, dead.

Sending her a smile as we entered the bathroom, I teased, "Is that how we ask for something?"

"Nn! Would you please tell me about your travels, Zuzu?" she whined petulantly as we began to undress.

"Sure, sure," I agreed as Azula filled a bucket with water. "So there I was, hanging upside down from a tree—"

"Start at the beginning like a normal person!" Azula demanded, slinging the bucket of water at me and catching me in the face with it.

"Pfft," I sighed, wiping water out of my eyes. "If you insist. So there I was, hanging upside down from a tree…"

"Huh?"
A link to the challenge this story uses:
Sine's Catalog of Companions Knockoff.
Or Sine's COCK for short.

Difficulty: Hard Mode + Legendary Mode.
HM: x1.5 starting points values, no controls, no defenses.
LM: Can't earn or spend points after character creation.

Challenge Rating: CR 5, Avatar the Last Airbender.

Starting Points: 75.
CR 5: 50.
HM: x1.5

Earning Points: Disabled by difficulty selection.

Purchases:
Total: -75 points.
Insertion Method:
Reincarnation. Target: Zuko. -10 points.

Physical Enhancements:
Get Swole: -10 points.

Mental Enhancements:
It Came to me in a Vision: -20 points.
Erudite Learner: -5 points.

Spiritual Enhancements:
Charles Atlas Super Powers: -10 points (Tier 1).

Utility Purchases:
Grimoire: -10 points.

Performance Enhancers:
Marital Arts: -4 points.
Happy End: -3 points.

Capture Methods: (Earns no points for captures, otherwise functions as stated.)
Love 'em and Keep 'em: -3 points.
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.
Now with Discord!​
Like LikeReport
Like Reactions:You, BloodGoat, Voltrasin and 2,068 others
sinereal
Mar 27, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 02
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
Mar 27, 2024
Add bookmark
#2
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
02
My hand shook as I rubbed my chest until the pain returned to a manageable level. Forcing myself to breathe evenly, I focused on the way my chi flowed within myself. It didn't do anything to heal the damage done, but it did give me something else to think about for a few moments.

The pain slowly faded and I exhaled a hot, steamy breath. Grabbing the last of my supplies, I secured them in the bottom of my boat, bobbing on the waters of the Hari Bulkan harbor. The sun was already below the horizon and the last bit of twilight still lit the sky, but not for much longer—perfect conditions for a small, lone vessel to make a quiet exit from the city.

Untying from the dock, I stepped into the boat and used a long handled oar to cast off from the pier. Once I was a bit away from the pier, I sat down in front of the engine and tiller, grabbing the tiller with one hand and focusing a stream of fire into the engine with the other. Within moments, the engine began to putter, then puff, and the boat began moving away, leaving a small steam trail behind me as I turned the tiller and directed the boat towards the mouth of the bay the harbor city sat on.

"Zuko! Wait!"

Looking back towards the pier, I frowned as I spotted Ty Lee and Mai running towards the docks. Chuckling, I tossed them a wave. "Sorry, girls! I can't stick around!"

"Azula sent us!" Mai called. "She wants you to come back!"

"Sorry Mai, no can do!"

Ty Lee didn't let the fact that I was pulling away stop her as she ran down the pier, grabbed a rope, and swung herself up onto a docked warship. I watched, my mouth slowly falling open as she ran along the ship edge and jumped through the air, her path sending her on a direct course for my boat. Rolling my eyes, I turned the tiller a bit and sped up.

"Zuuukooo!!!" the acrobat whined, tucking into a toothpick dive and landing with a splash behind me, before coming up and spitting out a stream of water. "Come back! It'll be fine!"

"Somehow, I doubt that. I'll keep in touch by way of Mai's family. Catch you later." With that, I turned away from the fuming, soaked girl turning to pull for shore.

"We're gonna come after you!"

"I can't stop you," I shrugged. "Have fun!"

"Jerk!"

I gave the boat a little more steam and powered through the harbor, heading east. The sun set fully by the time I decided I was far enough away and stopped running the engine. Pulling a map and compass out of my bag, I began working out some quick and dirty math as I plotted a course. Once I had that taken care of, I adjusted the tiller a bit, put the map and compass away, and began working on the rigging to unfurl the sails and get going on good, old fashioned wind power. Once I had everything set up and the tiller tied off, I settled down at the back of the boat and made myself comfortable on my sleeping bag as a bit of extra cushioning.

I relaxed and tried to catch some shuteye. As I did, my thoughts lingered on the last few days, by my reckoning. I had been back less than a month and already, I was leaving again. On another fight my 'father' instigated. My own response, mouthing off when I should've known better now that he was the Fire Lord. Ozai smiling as he whipped his arms through a form I hadn't seen before, and then a bright flash, the crackle of electricity, and pain. And for just a moment, a glimpse of another place, and an old man I felt I should recognize wearing Fire Nation robes telling me it wasn't time yet, before I found myself back in the present. Then nothing.

Nothing at all but pain and fever dreams for what felt like days. Dreams of things I had seen before and things I hadn't. People using pyrokinesis to light fires and cause explosions with their mind. Ozai, Iroh, Azula, and myself all using lightning. Dragons breathing fire in a rainbow of colors, not all of which destroyed everything it touched. Sozin's Comet and its hundred year cycle. The coming solar eclipse. A giant lion turtle with a forest on its back that could speak and a wandering island. A library buried in the sand.

On, and on, and on…

And then I had woken up in a cold sweat, pained and scarred from Ozai's attack. That was this afternoon. I hadn't stuck around after that. I'd gathered my things, stolen a sack full of coin, and fled to the lower city, into Hari Bulkan. From there, I bought myself some new clothes and supplies for a journey. Changed into peasant clothes and let my hair down, cutting off much of the length that had been pulled into the topknot I'd been expected to keep it in to do something to disguise my features a bit and not look like a noble. Then I found someone willing to sell me a boat at a decent price.

And apparently, I'm being pursued. Well, at least it's friendly faces and they're not trying to kill me. Not immediately. Azula told them to chase me down and bring me back, but as long as Ozai is still alive, I'm in danger, so that's a no for me.

Eventually, I managed to drift into a fitful sleep—deep enough to rest, shallow enough to wake up every hour or so and make sure I wasn't going to run into anything.
I frowned as I looked at the storm blowing in from the west. It stretched across the sky as far as I could see and looked like it was approaching quickly. There was no way my little boat would survive it.

"Fuck. Should've listened to that fisherman," I muttered.

I'd made land on Ember Island to pick up a few extra supplies and things I hadn't had time to grab in my flight from my former home, along with some entertainment. I was going to be gone a long time, so I'd picked up something like a guitar to try to teach myself to play on the journey.

That was yesterday, and I'd since sailed around the island and turned for the north, and the old Western Air Temple located on a mountainous island chain north of the Fire Nation islands. As near as I could tell, I was still a week or more out from the islands—meaning I was too far out to turn back and make it back to land and nowhere near close enough to those islands to take shelter there.

Locking the tiller in place, I carefully climbed up the mast to get a look around, hoping against hope that there might be a larger ship I could make it to and take shelter on, even if it meant losing my smaller craft if the water got too rough. A shadow on the horizon to the northeast had me squinting and pulling out my spyglass as I spotted something.

In the telescope, it looked like a small, forested island. I didn't recognize it from my charts, so it was possible that it was either uncharted or too small to bother with. Either way, it was potential shelter in the storm—at least, more so than my small boat. The fact that it had trees that big on it told me that it had likely weathered many such storms in the past and would continue to do so in the future.

Dropping down from the mast, I adjusted the sails and tiller to tack for the island, then poured on the steam, watching the pressure gauge on the little steam engine climb and carefully controlling my output to keep from redlining it and blowing the engine up, leaving me with only sails. The next half hour was nerveracking as I watched the storm getting closer and I crept closer to the island. Mental math told me I should be much further away than I was even if I had seen it in the distance, that it should be taking longer to reach it, but that was impossible because the island would have to be moving into the storm for that to be the case.

Lightning cracked and popped in the distance and the sea grew choppier as the wind began to pick up. Several times, I had to adjust the sails to keep from getting blown off course. But eventually, I cut the engine and brought the sails in as my boat coasted to a stop alongside the island.

Grabbing a line, I hopped onto the island and climbed a ways uphill, finding a decently sized tree that looked sturdy. Tying the boat off, I went back and picked up a block and tackle and some more line, then spent the next several minutes hauling the boat up away from the shore. Seeing a clear path through the trees, I hauled the boat far enough that I didn't think any big swells would reach it.

Taking a moment to look around and stretch the kinks out, I hummed as I took in my surroundings. The island was a lot bigger than I was expecting, now that I was on it. The trees were tall, thick and sturdy, and looked like they would weather the storm just fine. But just in case, I'll take some time to prepare.

Finding a nice spot between the trees, I went few feet back the way I came and found a thinner tree that looked like it could stand to be felled. Fire sprang to my hand, shifting from orange to blue as the sound changed from that of a roaring fire, to something more akin to a cutting torch. It only took a minute to cut/burn enough of the base of the tree to fell it where I wanted it, getting it good and stuck between several of the other trees and blocking off the path back down to the water.

Taking my things out of the boat, I carefully flipped it over and settled it against the downed tree, using some limbs to keep the engine elevated and from getting damaged. Then, I repeated the process with a second tree further up, felling it in the opposite direction, creating a little sheltered area between the two trees. I lashed the boat into place and put my things under the shelter of its hull, then grabbed my hatchet from my pack and set about cutting a few limbs and tying them together to form a lean to, which I put over the boat. A few more limbs had some fire wood, and some quick fire bending dried them out enough to use.

That was when the sky opened up and it began to pour down rain. Hurrying back under my shelter, I settled in and started a small fire. Wind shook the trees above me, but in my little shelter, I barely felt it at all.

Breaking out some food, I cooked myself a quick meal of fish and grilled vegetables and ate. With nothing else to do, I settled into my sleeping bag for some rest, to catch up on the sleep I'd lost the last few days, having to sleep off and on to keep from running into anything. As I drifted off, I sighed as the phantom sensation of bobbing up and down on a boat returned, feeling like the whole island was bobbing in the water under the force of the waves and storm.

The worst of the storm passed in the middle of the night, but it was still raining pretty hard the next day, so I spent that time meditating and resting. The following morning, I woke up and saw that it was a bright, sunny day. I crawled out of my shelter and stretched, before running through my usual morning exercises. Once I was good and warmed up, I set off exploring the little island I'd found myself on. I started by making my way further uphill.

Finding what looked like the tallest tree on the island, I climbed up into the top of it and had a look around. In the distance to the south, according to my compass, I could make out a set of islands rising out of the water—what must be the north western Fire Islands, as though I had circled around Ember Island and just kept going west.

"The hell?" I muttered, pulling my spyglass from one of the pockets on my vest and having a look to confirm. "That's… not possible."

Shifting in the tree, I had a good look around, seeing nothing but water to the east and west, the line of islands and more water to the south, and even more water to the north. Panning over the shore again, a glint between the mountains that seemed to be getting closer caught my eye. In between mountains, I caught sight of some kind of Aztec looking pyramid or ziggurat, and something at the top shining.

I'm not where I wanted to be, but… nothing is stopping me from just making land and going to explore. I'm not exactly on any sort of a time limit here, until they free Aang, and I seem to recall that probably won't be for another year or two. Plenty of time to explore and work on getting stronger. Yeah, screw it. I'll go poke around and see if I can find something interesting.

I put the glass away and, as I was getting ready to get down, I happened to look at the water closer to the rear of the island, where I spotted a wake. "Okay… we're moving. Islands don't move."

Making my way back down the tree, I spotted a clearing on the way down with a big divot in the ground. Heading over to investigate, I found a big hexagon dug into the surrounding dirt and rock, where it looked like someone had clearly excavated it. Inside the hexagon, the bottom was pale brown and covered in layers of hexagons, one inside the other, and a big central design that looked like of like a butterfly or moth.

Making my way down into the excavated area, I knelt down and touched the brown surface, finding it smooth to the touch. A look at the rock and dirt around it showed that it was only about five feet deep, maybe less—that is, if the surface below me covered the entire island. Humming, I placed my ear to the surface and knocked.

"Bone?" I wondered, before my mind turned to one of my fever dreams. An island that moved and a giant lion turtle. "Shell," I grinned.

Making my way back to the boat, I quickly turned it right side up and loaded my things inside, then carefully lowered it back down into the water. It was as I was getting ready to cast off that the island, the lion turtle, shuddered and came to a stop. Sitting down in front of the tiller, I fired up the engine and pulled around slowly to the front of the big animal. As I approached, the turtle raised itself a bit higher in the water and, clearing the side, I saw the gigantic head had turned to face me—two gigantic eyes studying me intently.

Coasting to a stop in front of it, I stood carefully and bowed. "Thank you for the shelter last night. I would have surely capsized and drowned without your aid."

The big animal nodded, before one of its paws left the water. I watched as two of the gigantic claws approached and held still, curious as to what it was doing. There was a faint touch of contact at my forehead and heart and a flash of green light. Inside me, I felt everything change. My chi, my bending, as new power, potential, and knowledge filled me.

I blinked as the turtle lowered its paw and ponderously turned away. "Uh, thank you!"

Dropping into my seat on the boat, I stared after it for a few minutes as it quickly swam away, pondering the gift I'd been granted. I had no idea why it had chosen to do so, but who knew with spirits and other such ancient beings.

I still felt somewhat out of sorts when I finally managed to pull myself together enough to turn the boat for shore and fire up the engine. Once I pulled onto the sandy beach, I made sure to tie off to a tree, then gathered some supplies for a trek and maybe a bit of hunting on the way back—if I could find some wild game, I'd take the time to smoke it so I could add it to my supplies.

My sword went onto my left hip, storage pouch on my right hip, while my bow I left in its leather case attached to its quiver on the side of my pack. I was packing light for this little excursion, so only brought some food and water to last a couple of days along with my bedroll. Then, it was time to start walking.

Well, at least the hike will give me some time to think.
And I had a lot to think about, as I turned my mind towards the gift I'd been given. I thought it was called 'energy bending,' but that didn't really do it justice, or at least what I felt it might be capable of. Or rather, the name did accurately describe exactly what it seemed to be capable of—but what I seemed to remember from the first series, the ability to grant and remove bending, was just scratching the surface. It was the ability to bend energy directly. Not just chi, not just yin and yang, but energy of all forms.

There was a lot to unpack there. Shaking my head, I opened the pouch at my side and took out my journal and pen. As I cracked open the journal, its pages flipped to a blank page. I started writing down everything I could remember as I walked.

Pens were actually a new thing I was kind of directly responsible for. I'd shown Master Piandao some technical drawings I'd made in my journal using a charcoal pencil of a simple pen—just a glass tube full of ink capped in a metal nib with a ball point and a metal shell around the exterior. The man had liked it so much he'd given me half a dozen very fancy handmade pens made of an assortment of materials—wood, various metals, and jade—and a bunch of ink tubes I could refill myself. Then he'd pretty much gone on to corner the market on them. Not that I could blame him.

As for the journal… it might be more accurate to call it a grimoire. The book was magic. I'd had it as long as I could remember and I wasn't entirely sure where it came from. I thought Ursa got it for me as a birthday present, but I wasn't sure and had never bothered to ask. The thing was self-repairing, always found its way back to me if I lost it, sorted and organized everything written into it into sections, and was even searchable—flipping to the page I needed if I was looking for something in particular. My best guess was that it was something related to the spirit world.

Meditation and astral projection via bending of one's own energy…
The sun had set by the time I made it to the outskirts of the city—or what had been a city. It was long deserted ruins now, from a long dead civilization. Deciding to explore it tomorrow in the daylight, I started the process of making camp, only to pause as something caught my eye. I settled down and waited until the sun was fully behind the mountains and twilight had descended to confirm what I thought I'd seen—a fire on the side of one of the mountains surrounding the old city.

"This place isn't so abandoned after all."

Picking up my bag and bending myself a fireball to see by, I trekked my way through the forest, to the foot of the mountain. I didn't bother trying to hide my approach. If the natives were peaceful, it wouldn't be a problem. If they weren't… Well, I had my sword for a reason.

I only made it a few steps out of the treeline before I found myself confronted by a hunting party of some sort, or maybe guards. There were six of them—two armed with swords, two with spears, and two with bows, and all of their weapons were pointed at me.

"Hey, fellas," I chuckled, holding up my hands, the fire still burning in one of them to see by.

"What do you want?"

"Where did you come from?"

"How did you find this place?"

Looking over the group, I grinned and asked, "Would you believe me if I said a lion turtle brought me here?"

The group looked at each other uncertainly, before the apparent leader spoke up. "Bring him before the chief."

The others all nodded, and I found myself in the center of a formation being led to the village. But they weren't disarming me, restraining me, or poking me full of holes so I took it as a good sign. Or at least a sign that they had decided that I was a problem above their pay grade and they'd rather let their boss handle it.

The chief turned out to be a tall older man wearing a feathered headdress, red and white face paint, and red and gold clothes that fit the Aztec theme. A group of villagers had come with him and they all stared at me suspiciously as the chief studied me in silence for a few moments. Finally, the big man asked, "Why have you come?"

"I was caught out at sea when that big storm hit. I came across an island that I thought was moving towards me and took refuge until it passed. Turns out, it was moving towards me, and it wasn't an island. It was a lion turtle, and he brought me here—"

"He's obviously lying!" a skinny man who looked so much like a Disney villain that I almost laughed at him pointed at me. "He's clearly a thief here to steal Sun Warrior treasure!"

I frowned as that name tickled my memory. "Sun Warriors? Weren't they the first practitioners of firebending? Well, the first humans the dragons taught, anyway."

"We are," the chief nodded.

Nodding, I introduced myself. "My name is Zuko. Would you be willing to teach me the original way of firebending—?"

"What? No!" the Disney villain yelled.

The chief, on the other hand, hummed and reached up to stroke his short goatee. Finally, he nodded. "Come, join us for a meal. Tomorrow, if you wish to learn the ways of the sun, you must learn them from masters Ran and Shaw. You will present yourself to them and they will read your heart, your soul, and your ancestry. If they deem you worthy, they'll teach you. If they don't…"

The guy who I was beginning to think was some priest figure, giggled. "You'll be killed where you stand!"

"Sounds fair," I nodded.

I followed them back to their little village. The place was all relatively new construction of log cabins or huts and adobe shingles, with open windows covered in tightly woven nets to keep the bugs out while letting in a cool breeze since I imagined it stayed hot and humid here nearly year round, just as it stayed warm year round in the capital.

In the square, they had a large bonfire going and were roasting something that smelled delicious. Apparently, the village had more people than I thought, as the square was full of villagers dancing, eating, drinking, laughing, and having a good time.

I sat my pack down near the edge of the fire and pulled out my bedroll to sit on, before pulling off my sword and other kit. I caught the chief talking to a young woman out of the corner of my eye and, a few moments later, she approached with a plate covered in meat and vegetable skewers and two cups.

I looked up, taking in her athletic form with a grin. I could get to like this place, if all the girls look like this.

"For you," she offered the food and drink and I accepted, before sitting down and patting the seat beside me.

"Thank you. I'm Zuko," I began, and she nodded.

"Mali," she introduced herself as she sat, and we began to eat.

"So, you do this every night?"

"Mm. Most nights. There isn't much of anything else to do in the village, so we make our own entertainment," she giggled.

"Must be nice."

"Where did you come from, Zuko?"

I hummed, chewing on a mouthful as I considered what to tell her. Taking a sip, I briefly choked at the alcohol content and Mali giggled. "As I said, we make our own entertainment."

"That's some strong 'entertainment,'" I coughed. Finally, I shrugged and decided on the truth. "The capital. My father tried to kill me. I think he did, for a few seconds there. I left as soon as I woke up and was able to move. Got caught up in that big storm…"

The night wore on and when we finished eating and exchanging stories, Mali took my hands and pulled me to my feet, demanding that I dance with her. The dance was… not actually a dance. I'd been studying some of the other villagers doing it while we spoke and it looked to my eyes more like a firebending kata—that is, when they weren't doing something more like normal dancing. Sure, one I had never seen before, but I recognized motions for stances, punches, kicks, and techniques intended to launch fire.

Despite being a few cups in, my instructor knew exactly what she was doing, and it wasn't long before we were moving through the mirrored form together. As we moved, I noticed the swaying, almost serpentine movements involved. It seemed less like the firebending I knew and more akin to waterbending.

"What's this technique called?"

Mali smiled as we started again. "The Dance of the Dragon."

That explains the flow of the movements, then, I mused, nodding as we danced.

Eventually, people began making their way to bed for the night. Mali politely excused herself the moment her husband came by and introduced himself, before asking if she was ready to turn in. I thanked her for the instruction and the hospitality and made my way to my sleeping bag, where I crashed for the night.
Of course the masters would be dragons. Not surprised Uncle Iroh lied to protect them, I mused as I loaded up the boat.

I had taken part in their ritual the following morning, ending up before the masters just as the sun was hitting its zenith. I'll be honest, I nearly shit my pants when a pair of huge fuckoff dragons rushed out of their caves at me.

I'll just skip that part of the story. If I ever tell it. As far as anyone else will ever know, I didn't so much as flinch and I knew I was safe the whole time.

After the dance, the dragons had apparently decided I passed their test. Their demonstration of firebending was… enlightening. I'd dreamed of different ways to use firebending over the years, and I had a lot of old memories of things I had been experimenting with from my old world, but what they taught me was so much more.

For instance, fire didn't have to destroy. Fire burned away the old, yes, but it cleared way to make room for new growth. Fire was the very spark of life. It cleansed and purified, body and soul alike.

I had been using my newfound knowledge from the moment I learned it, changing my breathing and internal chi flows. I'd stayed up late last night just to get a head start on it. Even now, I could feel the damage Ozai had done healing.

I spent another night in the village before setting out this morning. I'd offered to trade or barter for provisions, but the chief would hear none of it, and had a few of his people pack up some smoked meat, fruits, vegetables, and some jugs of their fruity liquor and carry them down to my boat for me.

Finished securing everything under a tarp in case it rained, I sat and waited a bit, watching the tide come in. Eventually, it got high enough, and I shoved the boat back out into the water. Firing up the engine, I got the boat turned around and pointed the direction I wanted to go, then deployed the sails. From there, I locked the tiller in place. I planted my foot near the engine to keep it going, took out my grimoire, and started writing down everything I had learned.

My pen made neat lines as I drew out the stances for the Dance of the Dragon. Once I was finished with that, I moved on to the wisdom I'd gleaned from the dragons' display and my own thoughts on it, filtered through the knowledge of my past life.
"Take your time. Make sure we have plenty of supplies. Who knows how long we will need to go between resupplies, chasing after my wayward nephew. Also, make sure everything is secure. The rainy season is approaching, you know. We want to be sure we make it there in one piece. Better to do everything right the first time," Iroh smiled at the captain of the ship he had been assigned.

The captain hesitated only a moment as he contemplated the underlying order—that is, to drag his feet. After a moment, he nodded. "Of course, sir."

Iroh nodded, picking up his teacup and taking a sip. Ozai may be fire lord now, but Iroh had been in the military for a long time, while his brother had only served briefly before moving on to courtly politics. Ozai had no idea of the multitude of ways the soldiers under his command could disobey while appearing to follow his orders diligently.

If we're thorough, we can buy Zuko another week just sitting in port, waiting on a shipment of fresh produce, he mused.

Eventually, my brother's attention will waver. Until then, Zuko must do his best not to draw his father's attention.

A frown pulled at his lips and he sighed. Quietly, he murmured, "That a father would try to kill his son… My brother has no idea what it is he's thrown away. If I had one more day with Lu Ten…"

Iroh trailed off as his thoughts turned to better times. Happier times, spent with Lu Ten, Zuko, Azula, his wife, and Ursa.
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.
Now with Discord!​
Like LikeReport
Like Reactions:You, BloodGoat, Voltrasin and 2,254 others
sinereal
Mar 27, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 03
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
Mar 27, 2024
Add bookmark
#4
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
03
Looking out at the rain from under the shelter of my tarp, boat, and lean-to, I sighed as I plucked away at my… I guessed it was a lute of some sort. It had five strings as opposed to the koto's three, and I'd seen them from time to time used in the plays our mother loved to take me and Azula to. They were some of the few times Ozai actually pulled his head out of his ass and acted like a civilized human being.

As it turned out, the airbender temples were all built high up on mountains and nearly impossible to get to from the ground without special equipment or techniques. Equipment I didn't have. The technique, on the other hand… Well, if the rain would ever stop, I'd be able to get in some more practice. I'd figured out how to use small explosions with every footstep to propel myself up into the air. Now, I was just working on my fine control and the ability to land and not potentially hurt myself. I had some ideas about jet propulsion for powered flight, but I wasn't there yet.

Reaching out with one hand, I turned the skewers of meat and vegetables dipped in the fruit wine I was cooking over a small pit of rocks I was using my firebending to keep hot. The smell of cooking food was heavenly and my stomach growled.

Eventually, I set the guitar? aside and took one of the skewers off the rack. Watching the storm hammer the water and lightning pop and dance, I decided that as far as vacation trips went, this one was turning out well so far. Away from the city, the politics, and Ozai. Beautiful vistas. Peace and quiet. Solitude. Nothing but time on my hands to learn, practice, and grow at my own pace. No need to hide what I could do, to keep from drawing Ozai's attention.

Sure, I had a few regrets. I regretted having to leave Azula behind, with Ozai pouring poison in her ears. I regretted leaving Uncle Iroh, when it was clear the man wanted nothing more than to settle down and spend his last days with family, in peace. And as nice as peace and quiet were…

"I could do with a volleyball or something," I mused.
It took a couple of days, but eventually, the rain cleared out and the sun returned. As soon as it cleared up, I went back to my normal routine. Training as the sun rose—unarmed, with my swords, and with bending. Following that, meditation and working on advancing one technique or another.

I was getting to the point where I could cause fires and small explosions out in the water with the power of my mind alone, but practicing the pyrokinesis technique had highlighted some flaws—namely, that anything obstructing the path of 'casting' the technique would cause it to detonate prematurely, unless I adjusted the course of the invisible 'projectile' of chi around it. I'd learned that when it detonated on sea spray only a few yards from me, instead of the hundreds of yards away I had been aiming. So unless I could work out that basic flaw, I'd be holding that technique in reserve either for surprise attacks at nearly point blank in combat, or very long range alpha strikes when I wanted to stay concealed.

Lightning generation was coming along. I could separate yin and yang chi and join them to create lightning, and even direct it. It was just a matter of getting it faster, stronger, more range, and more control. For that last part, I used some pieces off of some extra metal panels stored in the bottom of the boat for patches and began practicing using lightning generation to weld the pieces together, then cut them with fire and did it over again. Lightning was much easier and cheaper to use at the small scale, but no less deadly.

As the day wore on, I moved on to practicing what I'd come to call 'jet-stepping,' after dreaming of a firebender woman who traveled with who I thought might be Avatar Kyoshi. That, I practiced low over the water just off the shore, moving through all of my firebending and sword forms as I got used to it—until I could use the technique as easily and regularly as breathing or walking. After a few days, I even figured out the whole 'landing' thing—either by stepping my way down as though walking on a set of stairs, or 'sliding' down, not quite holding up my entire weight as I descended in a continuous burn and then catching myself at the last second before landing and just stepping onto the ground.

Eventually, I got the technique down enough that I felt like I wouldn't accidentally fall out of the air and get myself killed. From there, I packed up some supplies and started my march, up parallel to the nearly sheer cliffs overlooking the ocean and the small beach I'd landed on. I cleared the top and frowned as I looked out over a mostly flat plateau.

"Well, my dreams haven't steered my wrong so far." With that in mind, I went a bit higher and got a look around, eventually spotting a crevasse some distance away. Making my way over, I found what I was looking for—several recessed sets of stairs leading downwards and, walking into the gap myself, a series of buildings built upside down inside the gap.

Walking down to solid ground, I found a building with a running fountain outside and rooms inside and made myself at home. Once I'd established my camp, I set out exploring.

I stayed out until sunset, poking around the place. From what I could see, it was pristine. There were no corpses, no signs of battle—nothing obvious to give any indication as to what had happened to the inhabitants. I couldn't remember if this was supposed to be one of the temples with all male or all female practitioners and I saw no signs either way, seeing as all the statues I'd come across were of both men and women.

Just as the sun was starting to set and I was getting ready to call it a day, I found the mother lode. A pair of thick stone double doors led to a large library that looked and smelled to have been sealed all this time. I held up a hand, about to create a flame and go looking, before I thought better of it.
A library full of books and scrolls, dry with age, and an open flame? Bad idea.

Instead, in the fading light and using my heat sense to navigate, I found my way to some sort of central office located near the top. Opening the door, I found a shuttered window on the opposite side of the room—the same side as the chasm outside. Once I got it open, it let in just enough of the fading light to look around. I found a single book sitting on an old, low table in the center of the room. Having a look inside, I found it to be a journal kept by the last head monk of the temple. Tucking it under my arm, I closed up the room and left the library, before making my way back to camp.

Having found some bathing facilities earlier, I used fire to scour them clean. Surprisingly, the water still ran, so I was able to take a relaxing, hot bath. Once I was done with that and a meal, I settled in for some reading before bed.

Skipping right to the end, I discovered what happened to the monks—or nuns, rather—who had lived here. They learned of the attack by the Fire Nation as Sozin's Comet passed overhead. Not wanting the temple to be destroyed in any attack, they planned to do as nomads do and scatter to the four winds. The plan was to have the flying bison scatter. A large force of adult airbenders would act as a diversion, drawing the attention of the fire nation, while the others escaped with the children, where they would scatter and lie low wherever they found themselves. They would hide among the populace once their hair grew back out and use other means to disguise themselves, and stop practicing airbending. With any luck, even if all of them were eventually discovered, they would have had time to have children themselves by that time so that those who carried the ability to airbend wouldn't be lost completely.

I had no idea how well that worked out for them, but I hadn't heard of any airbenders in the last hundred years. It was possible that they were all dead. It was equally possible that some were alive and in hiding, and the people of other nations had hidden them after the attempted genocide. It wasn't like the Fire Nation was all knowing and ever present, and even if they were, I hadn't exactly had a line on military intelligence. I hoped it had worked, but if it hadn't, there was still one on ice somewhere at the south pole.

The rest of the journal was pretty mundane, all things considered. Mostly the important happenings around the temple and at the other temples. I closed it up and tucked it away into my bag, before heading inside to turn in for the night.
So, how do I apply airbending to firebending? I mused, studying an airbending scroll laid before me, detailing the most basic airbending forms as I copied it into my grimoire. Not by hand—the grimoire would let me lay out a scroll, book, or other written material on top of it and copy its contents automagically somehow.

It was one of many scrolls that had caught my interest and had been copied over the last few days. Some of those were on the aidbender fighting style, meant to incorporate wind manipulation into their martial arts. A few were more advanced airbending scrolls. I had even found some older water, earth, and fire bending scrolls. There were some on chi and its flow within and outside the body, detailing the chakras, even one on how to unlock them—which I planned to investigate more thoroughly later.

I was going through and making copies of as much of the more important looking information as I could, while I had a chance. Some of it, like my personally chosen selections, I wanted to dig into later on. The rest, I figured it might be handy to have at some point—the old 'better to have it and not need it' mentality in action.

The first hurdle to clearing the library was light. I couldn't bring fire into it for fear of accidentally destroying its contents. For the first week, I worked to search and copy things during the daytime, and at night I spent my time delving into my knowledge of bending and meditating upon energy-bending. Eventually, I grasped one of the healing aspects of fire and was able to conjure a green flame that didn't burn me when I touched it, but… I didn't trust it entirely. Fire was still fire. Thankfully, I did eventually figure out enough energy-bending to just create a ball of raw, non-elemental chi in my hand as a light source—and from there, a mote of the stuff floating around my body at my direction, casting pale moonlight over everything.

With the light hurdle cleared, I was able to work at night, allowing me to work much longer hours at copying things. The next big hurdle was in searching the library's contents. That actually turned out to be fairly easy to figure out, once I found their index. The monks had developed a storage system and kept a massive tome detailing the entire contents of the library in one of their back offices. Once I found that and copied its contents to my grimoire, the grimoire had produced an actual spreadsheet for me—multiple fold-out pages detailing the library's contents and where to find each entry. Amusingly, the spreadsheet actually worked like a computerized version—in this case when I sorted by various tables and columns, the text on the pages magically rearranged itself.

I was three weeks into my exploration and making my way down to shore to do some fishing for more food since I wanted to save the dried rations for as long as possible, when I spotted smoke on the horizon. Taking out my spyglass, I had a look out to sea and sighed when I spotted a Fire Nation naval vessel heading towards the island.

Turning around, I hurried back to the temple and closed up the library. I gathered my things and took off, jet stepping back up to the top of the plateau and running to the edge. Jumping off into a jet-step slide, I rode all the way to the bottom, dropping down beside my boat and throwing my bag inside. I'd made sure to keep the boat ready to go just in case of something like this, so it didn't take long at all to uncover it, untie it from a tree, raise the mast, shove it out a bit further into the water, and get the engine fired up.

I turned the boat around and skirted the edge of the island, the much larger vessel now in sight—and clearly having spotted me, as they began belching smoke and poured on the speed. Unfurling my sail and edging up to nearly redline on the small boat's little motor, I was just able to keep ahead of them, but I knew I couldn't keep it up.

"They'll run me down eventually, when I run out of juice to power this thing…"

I eventually dug into my pouch and pulled out the grimoire. It split open and pages blurred, before stopping on a detailed map of the islands surrounding the temple. Noting where I was now based on the coastline, I considered the bigger ship's size and maneuverability and eventually came up with a plan.

The bigger ship followed as I tacked north, following the coast. Spotting the next island in the chain, I adjusted my course as the bigger ship moved to intercept.

The next hour or more was tense as we circled the island, my smaller boat able to move into shallower waters, cutting much closer to the island and gaining some ground. On the north eastern side, I spotted what I was hoping to find—several much smaller islands to the north, marked on the map for accuracy and navigation purposes (specifically, in the case of the airbenders, marked as being a good place to catch an updraft). I'd managed to gain enough ground to put the horizon between me and the other ship, so I took a moment to pull in the sails and drop the mast down, before resuming my run. Instead of moving off towards the other islands, I stuck to the coast, running hard and fast as I could.

Eventually, I turned hard to the east—towards the Earth Kingdom. Locking the tiller in place and pointing the boat at open water, I turned around backwards in my seat and braced myself against it. I was getting tired, but I had enough in me for this, I hoped.

Breathing deeply, I gathered fire to my hands, holding them to either side of the boat. The pressure built until I released it, blue flames bursting to life with a whoosh that picked up in pitch and intensity as I adjusted the flames on the fly. The boat began moving, quickly picking up speed as it began to skim over the water's surface—running much faster than it was ever intended to go. I could only hope I didn't capsize before I ran out of juice as my jet propelled me away from the island.

I held the jet as long as I could, doing my best to focus my breathing, taking in more ki from the air and the world around me to prolong it. Eventually however, I just couldn't go any further. The jet died out with a quiet whump of air and I sagged where I sat. Forcing myself to move, my body trembled as I grabbed the right ropes to raise the mast and locked it into place, then unfurled the sails and tacked north, north east to run towards the Earth Kingdom coast while also heading towards my destination. I'd hug the coast for a while before turning north and cross the Northern Sea.

Finally, I pulled out my sleeping bag and bed roll and allowed myself to collapse into my seat. Closing my eyes, I meditated, drifting into nearly a nap to recharge.

Night had fallen by the time I had enough energy to do more than lay there and occasionally crack my eyes open to make sure I wasn't going to run into anything. I broke out my fishing rod and used some dried meat as bait. After catching and eating my supper, I took a few minutes to relieve myself over the side and then settled in to run the motor some more, to put some more distance between me and that fire nation ship. When I got tired again, I settled in for some more sleep.
Weeks ago…
"What do you mean, 'he's gone?!'"

Ty Lee winced and Mai stifled a sigh at the sound of Azula's yell. The princess came storming out of her brother's room, spotting them immediately. Ty Lee smiled. "What's, uh, what's the matter Azula?"

Azula bit back a growl. "Zuzu is gone."

"How?" Mai asked, frowning minutely. "He was wounded—"

"I have no idea," Azula grumbled, storming off past them, with the expectation that they follow. She fell silent, leading the pair through the halls and outside. Standing in front of the familiar turtle-duck pond, she turned to Mai and Ty Lee. Gold eyes studied them for a moment before she nodded. "Father will know of this by now. He'll want Zuko tracked down and brought back." Quieter, she muttered, "Probably to finish the job."

"So… what do you want us to do?"

Sharp eyes cut to Ty Lee and narrowed in thought. Eventually, she quietly said, "Find him first."

Mai nodded. "And?"

"Bring him back. If you can't, then stick with him and keep him out of trouble until you hear from me. I'll… deal with father in the meantime."

Mai and Ty Lee shared a look. After a moment, the pair nodded. "We'll go look around where he usually hangs out—"

"The docks," Azula shook her head. "He packed a bag. He doesn't intend to come back."

Frowning, Mai asked, "How do you know for sure?"

Azula looked away with a sigh. "He packed the stupid doll."

The pair of girls shared another look, Ty Lee wincing. "Alright~. The docks, then!"

With that, the two of them left Azula to her thoughts.
A few weeks later…
Mai kept her face neutral, despite her frustration. It had taken entirely too much time for Azula to get them a ship. She was almost certain that the fat old man, Zuko and Azula's uncle Iroh, had something to do with the delay. The man had spoken with them and asked where they intended to search. Mai had made a judgment call based on what she knew of Zuko.

If Zuko had truly decided to leave, then he wasn't going to fuck around about being found. He also wasn't going to be obvious about it, either. So, after consulting a map, she had decided to head north, checking the ports along the way for sign that he had stopped for supplies, since he couldn't have had enough time between waking up, escaping, and leaving to get much in the way of provisions for any prolonged journey and Zuko was smart enough not to go out to sea without enough food and water to last a while. Her first best guess was the Western Air Temple. It was deserted, hard to get to, a relatively secure location, and close enough to the fire nation that most would overlook it as being too close—likely thinking he would have made for the Earth Kingdom. It was right under their noses, so to speak—and that had 'Zuko' written all over it.

Iroh had decided to go east instead, straight to the Earth kingdom, to begin checking in with all of their outposts, colonies, and shipyards along the coast. Mai had wondered why he would do it himself when a hawk would be faster, before realizing that that was the point and Zuko's uncle was intentionally dragging his heels.

Once they departed, it took more time to stop at every port on the north part of the Fire Island chain before finally catching a lead. Zuko had stopped on Ember Island and bought provisions, just as she had suspected he would. She worried that he might have been caught in the storm that came not long after he had passed through, but… she knew Zuko was smart. He wouldn't take on more than he could manage. He wasn't dumb enough to sail into a storm.

"Hey," Ty Lee's chipper voice pulled her from her thoughts as the other girl settled into place against the rail beside Mai, pressing into Mai's side in the clingy way Ty Lee did.

"Mm."

"Captain says the island the air temple is on should be coming into sight soon. You think Zuzu's there?"

Mai hummed, before nodding. "Probably. Knowing him, he set up camp in the temple itself and started training or something."

"Hmm…" Ty Lee put a finger to her lips in thought, before grinning. "Yup! That sounds like Zuzu!" Mai could hear the grin as Ty Lee turned to look at her. "So~… You, me, and Zuzu. All alone up in some lonely mountain temple. We'd have to keep him tied up so he wouldn't try to run away again…"

Mai felt her face light up in a blush and her hands clenched the railing. "Quiet."

"Ehehehe~! You like that, huh?" the acrobat teased.

Shaking her head, Mai narrowed her eyes at a smudge in the distance. "There. That's the island."

"Oh! Yup, there it is!" Quieter, she added, "I'm just saying, Azula doesn't have to know…"

"Azula always knows."

Ty Lee shrugged. "Yeah, but have you known her to be able to say no to her big brother?"

Mai thought about it for a moment, before shaking her head. "No."

"So we just make sure it's Zuko telling her, not us!"

Mai snorted. "Throw him under the boat?"

"Yep!" Ty Lee chirped with a giggle. "Worth it~!"

"Hm." Sending the other girl a skeptical look, Mai asked, "Why did I agree to share with you again?"

The overly energetic monkey of a girl grinned. "Because otherwise, Azula'd get him all to herself!"

Mai sighed. "Right." A flash of light caught her eye and she pointed at the island. "What is that?"

Ty Lee studied it for a moment as it fell from the top of the cliff down towards the water, before she cheered, "It's Zuko!"

"But why—" she started, only to turn and yell at a crew member, "Tell the captain to increase our speed! He saw us!"

"I mean, it's not like this ship can just sneak up on an island," Ty Lee murmured as the crewman hurried off and, a moment later, the ship shuddered beneath them as the engine began working harder.

The pair of them moved back towards the tall tower and climbed to the top for a better view. Ty Lee whistled. "Wow, he's really determined not to be caught!"

Mai nodded, leaning against the railing as she did some estimates in her head and came up short. "We're not going to catch him at this rate. It's going to come down to how long he can keep up his firebending."

"Zuzu can keep it up for a while~."

Mai sighed, rolling her eyes as Ty Lee giggled. They both watched as Zuko led them on a chase around the island, then around another, his ship eventually disappearing over the horizon as it gained enough ground to leave them behind. They came upon a spot where several smaller islands sat off to the north and the captain took the ship around to check the back side to make sure Zuko wasn't hiding behind them in a simple ploy to just let them pass while he waited them out. Mai could almost feel him slipping further away at this point, as she realized he'd have known they would have to move to check the obvious and would've used it to gain more distance.

A sound in the distance made both girls look up in confusion. It sounded like a low roar, but quickly picked up in pitch as it grew fainter. After a few moments, Ty Lee asked, "Do you think that was Zuzu?"

"Possibly," Mai murmured. "It sounded like it was heading east to me."

"Same. Go tell the captain?"

"Mm."

Ty Lee nodded and scurried down the ladder, while Mai resumed her watch out over the sea with an annoyed look. Stop running from me already, Zuko.

Thinking back to the map she had studied, she wondered where he would head next, now that they had chased him off from his first hiding place. Once more, she reminded herself that Zuko was unconventional compared to other firebenders. It may look like he was running to the Earth Kingdom, and that would be the logical move if he were anyone else…

Which means I need to consider the illogical option. The option no other firebender would dare risk alone.

When she thought about it like that, the choice was obvious, really.

He's going to pick up some Earth Kingdom garb, disguise himself, and head north. To the Northern Water Tribe.

It would be cold, windy, and otherwise miserable. Firebenders would be uncomfortable at best and would need to almost continuously expend energy to keep warm. He would be surrounded by enemies who wouldn't hesitate to attack, maybe even kill him, if they discovered who he really was—assuming they didn't take him hostage and try to ransom him, which wouldn't work out how they expected. She doubted a bunch of waterbenders living on the north pole knew or cared about the ins and outs of Fire Nation politics or the royal family.

It was insane. Suicidal, really.

And it was so Zuko that it couldn't be any other option. So, with that, she took the ladder down to speak to the captain.

We'll just do the same thing he is. Go ashore near an Earth Kingdom village. Get some clothes and a boat. Set out and meet up with the ship again. Tow the boat closer. When we get close enough, Ty Lee and I can take the boat the rest of the way. Claim we're Earth Kingdom refugees looking for our friend, who might have been dumb enough to come their way.

Infiltrating the northern water tribe sounded fun, but the trip there was just going to be more riding on the ship and finding ways to kill time.

So bored just thinking about it. Almost bored enough to take Ty Lee up on her offer to 'practice' for Zuko.

By which the other girl meant, 'fool around and make out so they could put on a show for Zuko when they caught up to him.' Mai had to admit, it wasn't a bad idea. Despite how different he was, she had seen the way Zuko looked at herself, Ty Lee, and even Azula. He was still a man. He wouldn't say no to watching two beautiful girls put on a show.

On the other hand, it would mean letting Ty Lee be even clingier than normal.

It was a hard choice. Do something Zuko would like, but have to endure Ty Lee's antics, versus not doing that and not having to put up with Ty Lee…

"Captain," she called as she stepped onto the bridge. "I know where we need to go next. I need the map."

"Of course," the man nodded, and led her over to their navigation charts, laid out on a table in the corner.

Ty Lee pressed herself into Mai's side as they looked over the map. "So~? Where's our Zuzu going?"

Ugh. …Maybe she'll let me gag her so I can get some peace and quiet. It has to be more entertaining than staring out at the ocean.
Iroh sat on the deck of the ship, sipping at a cup of tea as he looked out over the waves. Before him was his calligraphy set, ready for him to compose a poem. Footsteps approached from behind and stopped beside him.

"We should be at the southern air temple soon, sir."

"Ah, good, good," Iroh nodded. "No need to rush, captain. Better that we get there in one piece than not at all."

"Of course. Do you think it's possible that Prince Zuko is taking refuge in one of the temples?"

"Taking refuge?" Iroh laughed, shaking his head. "No. We heard no sign of him along the coast of the Earth Kingdom on the way and my nephew is an honorable young man. I don't believe he ran away, as some are suggesting. Knowing Zuko, he's concocted some scheme to regain his honor. One hundred years ago, the Avatar escaped the purge of the air nomads, only to disappear. Zuko is most likely searching for signs of the Avatar. If he were captured or killed, then that would surely restore Zuko's honor and resolve any… ill will with the Fire Lord. The most reasonable place to start our search then is the air temples. His young friends should have searched the western temple by now, so it falls to us to search the south, then the east, and the north if we do not hear from them."

"That could take a while, sir."

"Could it?" Iroh asked, a smile pulling at his lips as he glanced up at the captain, who chuckled quietly.

"Oh, yes. Perhaps as much as two years, in fact. If not more."

Iroh sighed. "Such a shame. Oh well." Looking around and seeing no one else on the deck, Iroh asked, "Care for a game of Pai Sho?"

"I would be honored."

Iroh cleared off his writing utensils as the captain left to go retrieve a Pai Sho board.
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.
Now with Discord!​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:BloodGoat, LordVile, Voltrasin and 2,254 others
sinereal
Mar 27, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 04
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
Mar 27, 2024
Add bookmark
#5
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
04
"What do you think, young master? Masterful work, isn't it?"

"It's pretty," I agreed, running my fingers over the great coat. "But is it warm? Proof against the elements?"

"Very much so!" the old Earth Kingdom merchant nodded. "The outside is polar leopard hide." That explained the white fur and the familiar pattern. He opened it to show the inside, with a different, longer fur that felt very soft to the touch. "Arctic wolf fur interior. Very warm and dries quickly if you get it wet. But the real secret," he leaned in close, looking around as if worried someone might be spying on us, "is a lining of owl wolf leather with the down and feathers still on between them. It insulates and is virtually waterproof. Very lightweight, thin, and flexible for the warmth it provides—unlike the bulkier parkas the northerners wear. I can dye it in any color you like, but honestly, with this pattern it would be a waste."

"Alright. How much for that plus the boots, sweater, scarf, gloves, thermals, and overalls?"

We dickered a bit on the price and I wound up trading away a small cask of the fruit wine I'd gotten as a gift from the sun warriors, but in the end I felt like I didn't come away too bad from the deal. Frostbite was no joke and I wasn't willing to freeze my balls off or die of hypothermia to save a few coin. With that in mind, I had even ordered some furs to put into the boat.

Chenbao wasn't actually my first stop on my trip north—it was my last stop, in fact. The first village I'd stopped in on the Earth Kingdom's west coast, I'd traded, done some mercenary work, and gotten enough materials to modify the boat. Then, I'd taken it away from the village and used lightning bending to do some welding. Now, my boat was a trireme style boat with three hulls. I'd removed the assembly with the mast and installed a short cabin with windows. Not glass windows, sadly, but metal slats on rods that could be opened and closed as needed.

The mast, I reinstalled on top of the cabin and used some clever rigging to get it so that I could adjust the sails from inside the cabin. I found another boat like my own that had been damaged and scrapped, but the engine seemed good. The new engine went into the cabin as well, with a length of metal welded between it and the gearing for the propeller so it would run. As for the tiller, I left the setup in the rear, but also added some cabling to be able to control it from inside.

The new furs went into the cabin, on the floor to provide some insulation against the cold, along with a pile of blankets I'd collected in the last town. After securing the hatch, I took my clothes purchases to the room in the small inn I was staying at for the night. They had a communal bathing room in the back of the inn and I was finally able to get myself a proper scrub in, discretely using my firebending to warm the water up a bit above what it was at until the room was nice and steamy and I could take some time to just sit and relax with a long soak. Eventually however, I finished up and made my way back into the inn proper for supper.

Looking around, I spotted an older, steel haired trader woman sitting at a lone Pai Sho table in the corner and made my way over with my bowl of stew and a mug of tea. "Fancy a game, old timer?"

"Pah! Sit down, young man. I will give you the lesson in manners your father failed to," she scoffed and I laughed, pulling a chair over to set my bowl and cup on.

The woman wore a dark blue parka and, from her features, I'd place her as probably from the Northern Water Tribe. I made a mental note to ask later, as I began setting out tiles. "Well, my father wasn't much of a man and didn't have much use for manners, unless they benefit him. I'm sorry to say, you've got your work cut out for you. I'm Zuko, by the way."

"Senna," she answered, setting up her own pieces.

The game began and, only a few moves in, she grumbled, "An uncouth strategy for an unruly brat. Fitting."

"Actually, my uncle taught me this one," I chuckled. "Uncle is a gentleman and a scholar, but as he loved to tell me," I cleared my throat and put on my best Iroh voice. "Zuuuko! Youth and enthusiasm are wonderful things to have… but they are no match for old age and treachery!"

"Rude," the older lady smiled. "He sounds like a scamp. So," her eyes trailed over me for a moment before going back to the board. "Fire Nation?"

"That obvious?" I sighed, and she made a quiet noise of agreement. "I left home after earning myself a little something to remember the place by," I pulled the collar of my robe open to show a bit of the scarring left over from Ozai's lightning. "So now, I'm wandering the world. Exploring. I guess you could call it a… spiritual journey? Pilgrimage? Walkabout? I've been doing a little trading to get by. I was thinking of heading north and seeing what they had to offer."

"If you've got a death wish."

I winced. "That bad, huh?"

Looking up, blue eyes met my gold as she considered it. "Can you bend?"

"Yes, actually. That's part of why I wanted to go."

"You're going to have to explain that one, young man," Senna murmured, advancing another piece and taking one of mine.

"Well, I had a little revelation. Some insight into the nature of fire," I explained, glancing back to make sure that the only other few patrons weren't paying attention. Bringing my left hand up to my chest, hidden from view of the rest of the room, I summoned a single candle's worth of flame into my palm—bright green and steady.

"Put that out!" the woman hissed, and I closed my fist around it. She slapped her next tile down forcefully enough to rattle the table as she breathed out an irritated huff.

I took a moment to eat some of my strew and wash it with, using my off hand to move tiles as we played in silence for a time. Finally, Senna asked, "Why was it green?" Frowning, she muttered, "Probably better for killing."

"The opposite, actually." The older woman looked confused. "That's why I wanted to head north. The water tribe have amazing healers and I've heard there's one up there that's been around a while. I've been playing with this since I figured it out and it heals most things, including scars. I'm not talking about just scarring over to close a wound, or cauterizing. I mean, I gutted a fish I caught, tested it, and the fish regrew. It was thoroughly dead one minute, then started flopping around on the deck the next. Jumped right in the water and swam off. It looked a little thinner after, but it was otherwise intact."

"Well, ain't that the damndest thing," Senna murmured. "If that's so, I can see why you'd want to visit old Yagoda."

"Yagoda?"

"Agna Qel'a's master of healing."

I nodded at that. "Well, too bad they'd probably kill me before I made it to the gate if it's as bad as you say. Disappointing, but understandable."

"Hm." Senna clicked a piece down and glared up at me. "You don't get to be my age in this business without learning how to spot manure, and your story stinks. Not the whole thing, but enough. That sword on your hip tells me you came from money at one time, but the way you carry it and your callouses say you're serious about it, at least. You're well-spoken and in spite of being a brat, you're actually polite. You eat like you've got all the time in the world. You're too clean to be anything but a noble, because commoners wouldn't care."

I hummed, making my own move. "You're not wrong. My father is a noble. My family has money. I studied the sword under Piandao, as many noble born young men do. And none of that matters, because I left it all behind. Saying which noble family wouldn't matter one way or another, because I'm an exile. No one would pay to have me back, if someone tried to ransom me. My father would laugh in their faces."

Senna nodded, studying the board for a moment longer before moving a final piece. "It's my win."

I looked over the board, checking for any counter, before finally smiling and nodded. "Congratulations. Well, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go turn in early. Want to get an early start before I head north."

Senna raised an eyebrow. "You're still going?"

I shrugged, grinning. "Agna Qel'a isn't the whole of 'the north.' There's lots more north up there outside of the city. I'll make land, poke around a bit, see what I can see."

"You damn fool! It isn't safe! There are ice shelves, crevasses that open into bottomless pits, predators that you can't see until you're right on top of them. There's nothing to burn up there, except blubber or whatever you bring with you. There are entire tribes of hundreds, if not thousands, who roam the frozen wastes! Everything outside of the cities belongs to them and they don't take kindly to strangers. Then, there are the deeply spiritual places, like the forest. Place where if you make the wrong move, you'll find yourself suffering a fate worse than death!" Taking a breath, she leaned in and whispered, "And you, young man. Every step will feel heavier. Every breath harder to take than the last. Some firebenders just collapse and die up there. Most only lose the ability to bend. Although… it was said that a very rare few who visited, before the war, retained their ability to bend fire. Look down at that scar and tell me if you feel particularly lucky, young man."

"Heh. You're right. It's absolutely a dangerous place. But that's part of why I want to go there. If I can survive the cold and retain my bending, I'll be better off for it. Nothing worth it is free, you know." Standing up, I excused myself and made my way up to my room.

The next morning, I woke early, dressed in my new clothes, packed up my things, and made my way down to my boat. I raised an eyebrow at what, or rather who, I found waiting for me.

"Wasn't expecting to see you again."

Senna made a quiet noise of dismissal. "I'm heading home anyway. I'm getting on in years and a strapping young lad such as yourself could surely ward off any pirates if we encounter them."

Blinking, I asked, "Is that actually a possibility?"

"It certainly is. They sail the waters between the Earth Kingdom and the North Pole and prey on unwary traders. Now, are you going to stand there flapping your gums all day, or are you going to escort an old lady home?"

Shaking my head, I tossed my bag into the bottom of the boat and undid the mooring lines, before tossing those in as well. Climbing in after them, I took a minute to spool and tie the rope off and toss my bag into the cabin, before grabbing a long bamboo pole I kept on hand for pushing off of things and shoving off from the pier. As soon as we were clear, I raised the sails and sat down at the tiller. Propping my foot on the engine, I got it warmed up and soon had us moving along.

"Much faster than anything I've seen that wasn't powered by waterbenders," Senna commented.

"Not surprising. And they probably keep their ships going all day."

"No," she shook her head. "But they're larger."

"How long is the trip, usually?"

The old woman hummed. "Typically, three days by sea, if the winds are fair. At this rate? A day at most. Perhaps less. Is this as fast as it goes?"

"About half speed," I shook my head. "You said there might be pirates, so I'm saving my energy. I can hold this speed all day and night if need be." We were moving about twenty miles per hour by my estimate. I could push it faster, but I didn't want to blow the engine.

We were quiet for a while, looking out over the water as the town faded into the background behind us. Eventually, I asked, "You said you're a trader? You're not bringing anything back?"

The older woman chuckled. "Not that kind of trader. I don't move goods myself. I negotiate a few trade deals on behalf of a few shops in Agna Qel'a. Imports of metal and metal products, food, wood, coal, and other resources in exchange for things we can provide. It's a lucrative business for anyone willing to brave waters where they might encounter either pirates or fire navy ships."

"Mm. So, I've heard that in the north, they only allow men to do offensive waterbending and women are relegated to healers?"

"It's true," Senna agreed, before a smirk pulled at her lips. "But don't underestimate a lady's resourcefulness, young man."

I laughed as she moved her arms and a stream of water leapt from one side of the boat, over the top, to splash down on the other side. "Probably good advice for everyone, not just women."

Studying me, she asked, "And you aren't having any trouble with your fire, despite the cold?"

"It's getting a little harder," I admitted. "But the key to fire is in the breath," I parroted Iroh. "I use a breathing exercise to keep the inner flame stoked, so to speak. It's not entirely metaphorical."

We passed most of the day with idle chat. When lunch time came around, Senna caught us some fresh fish and I cooked them in a pan with some salt, herbs, and thinly sliced potatoes to make chips. We washed it down with tea that I heated from the seawater she bent into fresh water. Eventually, it grew dark and the temperature dropped, and the two of us retreated inside.
I woke to the sound of a thud that reverberated through the bottom of the boat. Cracking my eyes open, I sat up to find Senna passing me my sword.

"Pirates," she whispered, and pointed to the starboard side of the boat. "They've launched a boat and are rowing towards us."

Frowning, I slipped the sword into my belt and made for the hatch. "Let's go give them a warm welcome. You see that lever?" I pointed to a series of them mounted on the walls. "Third one, left side. Grab it and yank tit down. When everything stops spinning, pull the next one to the left."

Senna did, and a moment later, line began spooling as weights released and the sails dropped, the geared pedal system I'd rigged for them spinning as the line wound onto its spool. Above, the arms of the mast folded down, followed by the mast itself collapsing backwards and down as Senna pulled the second lever.

I rushed out of the cabin in time to see some idiot on one of the boats jump into the air, aiming to board my boat. Rolling my eyes, I grabbed the tiller and stuck my hand on the engine. It sputtered to life and I gunned it. The look on the guy's face was priceless in the moments before he splashed down into the icy water.

"Firebender!" someone yelled, but by then it was too late.

I wheeled the boat around, aiming to drive it past their rowboat. As I passed, I whipped my arm through part of a firebending movement. What came out wasn't particularly strong, but it did the job. A flamethrower washed over the first rowboat, setting hair, clothes, and the pitch coating the wood on fire. One boat down, I angled for the second. Someone had the bright idea to throw what looked like whaling harpoons at me, but I swerved around them and got close enough to repeat the trick a second time.

With two of their boats going up in flames and their boarding party diving overboard to douse the flames, hopping out of the fire and into the freezer, I made for the ship. Senna chose that moment to step out of the cabin. A waterbending form from her had the two flaming rowboats capsized, shattered into debris, and scattered under a jet of water.

I killed the motor as we drew alongside the pirate ship—which looked like some kind of Chinese ship, maybe, with the three big red sails. They were already turning to try to flee, but the ship was wind powered and slow, so that was pretty much pointless.

"What are you going to do?"

"How do you normally deal with pirates? Fire navy burns them alive. One of the few practices of theirs I agree with, considering pirates are usually also slavers, rapists, and murderers."

"Agna Qel'a warriors kill them and sink their boats, after claiming anything of value," Senna nodded. "I was worried you would go soft, when it came time to get your hands dirty."

I shook my head. "I don't like war or fighting for anything but sport. But leaving them alive means they can go out and keep doing what they have been. I'd be releasing more suffering into the world letting them go than I would be in killing them. So, if you'll excuse me?"

Grabbing a mooring line and tying a quick knot in the end of it, I jumped from the boat and jet-stepped my way up to the pirate ship's deck, where I quickly tied off the line. The fight that followed was quick and dirty as the pirates attacked—not so much a fight as a slaughter. They had nowhere to run and were fighting against a firebender—the dozen or so men left who weren't in the water obviously felt they had nothing left to lose as they rushed me, hoping to overwhelm me.

Pulling my sword, I waited until they were nearly on top of me before closing my eyes and throwing out my hand. Everyone expected the firebender to bend fire—that was just common sense. They all kept their eyes fixed on me to see what kind of flame I was going to make and which way it would go, so they could dodge.

A blinding light flashed over the deck like a camera going off several times over the course of a second. In the dark, at less than ten feet away, they were blinded instantly by energy bending. They stumbled this way and that, clutching their eyes in pain and I went to work taking out the trash. My sword flashed, taking heads, slipping between ribs, and scoring hits on other vitals. A few of them had the good sense to try to run, but without their sight and confused, they didn't get far before I chased them down and picked them off.

Once I had the deck cleared, I checked the captain's cabin up top first. I found him standing just inside the door as he swung a sword at my head as I stepped inside. Grabbing his arm, I yanked the larger man back out of the cabin and kicked him several feet across the deck. He made to stand, only to slip in a puddle of one of his men's blood and fall. I was on top of him a moment later, slashing my sword through his neck.

After another check of the captain's cabin, I made my way belowdecks. Thankfully, the only other pirate I ran across was the cook, who actually managed to get me with a thrown meat cleaver before I got to him. The gouge he'd left on my face felt nasty, but a few moments of running green fire over it had it feeling fine.

With the ship cleared, I began the time honored tradition of looting. Checking the hold first, I found only booze, water, and food. Likewise, none of the individual pirates had anything of value in their footlockers other than coin, which I happily collected.

Eventually, I came across a room locked by a padlock. Burning through the metal of the lock, I took a look inside and whistled. Holding up a hand, I conjured a light from ki and had a thorough look around. They had a lot of weapons, pottery, rugs, and other junk it looked like they had taken from the ships they'd robbed. Aside from some expensive looking gold and silver jewelry and a bunch of loose gemstones however, nothing really stood out as particularly valuable and I had only limited space on board. I stuffed the jewelry and gems into an Earth Kingdom vase that looked to be made of jade and made my way back to the captain's cabin, figuring that any proper captain would likely take first pick of any loot.

I wasn't disappointed, as a proper inspection showed it to be filled with goodies. A footstep behind me had me turning, my hand going to my sword, only to find Senna stepping inside. "What have you found?"

"Just started searching the captain's cabin. Found a sealed off room below with a bunch of stuff inside, but I didn't personally see a point in taking anything other than this," I hefted the vase. "Gold, silver, and gems. If you want, feel free to grab whatever you like. I'm probably just going to burn this thing behind us. Just remember, space is at a premium."

Senna chuckled and nodded as we searched the cabin together. We found an entire chest full of gold, silver, and copper coin and agreed to split it between us. I found several maps and added those to my collection, transferring them to my journal when Senna went below to check the other room. Other than a few good, unopened bottles of alcohol that I kept to trade later, I didn't see much of a point in taking anything else. Everything I'd taken was small and could be traded easily for some quick money. I wasn't intending to make the boat my home forever, so eventually I'd probably wind up ditching it. Which meant that the only things should be taking with me were those that I could carry on my back.

In the end, Senna picked out a couple of rugs and some pottery for herself and together, we lowered everything down into my boat. I cut it loose and Senna used waterbending to get the boat far enough the ship, then I went belowdecks and carried their alcohol around the rest of the ship, before breaking open the casks and letting it pour everywhere. I tossed a fireball behind me and ran topside as it caught. A second fireball into the alcohol I'd spilled on the deck had that going up as well, and then I leapt off the ship, jet-stepping my way back to my boat.

Senna and I watched from the boat as I put the ship behind us and nearly topped out the engine getting us away. Timber, pitch, alcohol, and sailcloth burned brightly enough that we saw it long after we were over the horizon from the wreck. Eventually, we made our way back inside and I closed the cabin up, opening the forward viewing slits so I could see where I was going. The heat from my bending and the furs and blankets kept us warm enough, until I closed the slits, raised the mast and sails, and left it to the wind from that point on.
"They're here. Let me deal with them."

I cut the engine and lowered the sails as we drifted in a path through a series of very sharp looking icebergs. We didn't have long to wait before, sensing we weren't going to rush headfirst into their trap, a group of six boats—each carrying a group of waterbenders and armed warriors—rushed out from behind their hiding places behind the icebergs.

A line of ice rushed at us over the water and Senna stood. She twisted, dancing a few steps in the boat, and the line of ice erupted in a splash of water and ice—a circle around my boat. "Knock it off, you damn fools!"

The waterbender boats slowed as they began looking unsure of themselves. From one of the boats, someone called, "Old Senna? That you?"

"Old? Old?! Who said that?!" the older woman demanded, and I hid a smile behind my hand.

"Yeah, that's her," someone else said, and several of the waterbenders laughed.

"Quiet, fools," an older man rumbled, pointing at my boat. "That's a Fire Nation boat. It runs on bending. And he's a firebender. Senna, what are you doing bringing one of them here?"

The old woman scoffed. "Zuko? He's my bodyguard. Did you see the fire last night?"

"Couldn't miss it. It smoked all morning."

"They attacked us in the night. Aren't you glad I hired some protection?" Senna arched an eyebrow. "Now, are you going to let us in or are we going to stand out here all morning freezing our noses off?"

There was some quiet discussion amongst the benders and warriors, before the one who looked to be in charge nodded. "You can go in. Boy! You enter Agna Qel'a only because old Senna vouches for you. If it were up to me, you'd already be chum feeding the fish. One wrong move, one toe out of line, and that will change in an instant. Don't cause trouble."

"Thank you," I nodded.

The boats spread out, four of them returning to their ambush positions while two led us towards the ice wall of the fortress city. I pulled the mast down and ran the engine. There was no point hiding what I was now. If the whole city didn't know they had a firebender in their midst by tonight, I'd be surprised.

Curious, I quietly asked Senna, "You never did tell me how you knew Yagoda."

"I didn't, at that," Senna murmured, a smile pulling at her lips. "She's my aunt. I was a bit of a wild child and left home when they wouldn't let me learn waterbending the way I wanted. So I went south, to our sister tribe, where I studied for a time. I've been traveling the world and making contacts, establishing trade routes home since."

"Impressive. And you're still going out at your—" I caught myself, but Senna shot me a glare.

"At my age?" she asked, and I winced. The woman rolled her eyes. "I'm only forty, boy." Quieter, she grumbled, "Damned premature gray hair runs in the family."

I laughed, ignoring her ire. "So, what now?"

"I'll speak with aunt Yagoda and arrange a meeting. You'll be staying with me while you're here. I plan to be here between one to three months, depending on how long it takes the shipments to come in and see what we need. Some may not take kindly to a firebender walking around Agna Qel'a however, so for the first week or so you'll mostly be sticking with me, unless you like the idea of getting killed by angry waterbenders looking for an excuse to take out their frustration at the Fire Nation on a convenient target. After that, once they've settled down and seen you aren't going to roast their children alive or anything like that, you'll be free to do as you like while you're here, so long as you stay out of trouble. If you're willing to wait, I could use an escort back down to Chenbao. That should give you plenty of time to do whatever it is you came here for. This 'spiritual journey' of yours."

"Thanks. I'll take you up on that," I nodded.

We fell silent as we approached the wall and the waterbenders opened it for us. Their bending powered locks were pretty impressive, eventually raising us to the same level as the city. Then, we were through the locks and into an open canal that other, bending powered boats or boats pushed along with poles navigated.

People were staring.

I felt the weight of their gazes as I sent us cruising forward, the sound of the engine drawing more eyes as we went. "Left here," Senna instructed, and I followed her directions down the canals. Quietly, she muttered, "Damned gawkers."

"Yes. You'd think they'd never seen a firebender before," I muttered.

"Don't sass me," Senna frowned back and I sent her a smile. "You're not too old to take over my knee."

"Mm, I'm more into doing it the other way around." She turned, blue eyes narrowing into a glare at me and I grinned. "Forty isn't old at all, you know."

Senna blew out a breath that turned into a quiet laugh. "Clearly your mother should've done so more often, with that smart mouth of yours."

"That'd be kind of difficult for her to do, seeing as she's been done for a few years now. Ran away from our father and the politics of courtly affairs in the capital and left my sister and I to fend for ourselves in that nest of vipers. If I get the chance to ask her why she did it instead of taking us with her I will, but I'm not going to go hunting for her. I figure if she wanted to speak with me or my sister, she'd have found a way to get in contact with us by now."

Senna sighed, her ire dropping away. She turned back towards the front. "The more I hear of your past, the angrier I get. I'm reminded that it's not just everyone else the Fire Nation have hurt."

"As a driving force, fire is powerful. It lights up the dark and keeps the cold at bay. The revelation I was given is that fire is the spark of life itself. But fire is dangerous. Indiscriminate. It consumes almost everything it touches, if it's not carefully controlled. It will guide us to a bright future, one day, certainly. And I think, originally, that was Sozin's dream. Then the comet came and he lit the fire of war, and it's been left to spread a hundred years too long. If we aren't careful, it will consume the dream that brought it about. Which would be a shame, because it's a good dream," I murmured.
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.
Now with Discord!​
Like LikeReport
Like Reactions:You, BloodGoat, LordVile and 2,835 others
sinereal
Mar 27, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 05
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
Apr 11, 2024
Add bookmark
#557
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
05
Go down to the market and get some seaweed, Zuko.

I rolled with the blow, stumbling slightly at the force of it. That only seemed to incite their ire more as the next one hit me in the gut hard enough to lift my feet off the ground. I exhaled explosively, thankful I hadn't eaten breakfast, because I was pretty sure I'd have just lost whatever was in my stomach if I had.

Don't start any trouble, Zuko.

I steadied myself on my feet, keeping my hands at my side as I met the eyes of my attackers. Someone behind me punched me in the kidney and I winced, before a foot kicked my knee out, sending me to the ground. From there, the circle of men and boys closed in, kicking and stomping as I rolled to protect my vitals.

I hadn't needed to start trouble—trouble had found me. It had been a week and Senna figured that people had had long enough to adjust to the idea of my presence.

The market had fallen silent the moment I entered, people recoiling away, giving me a wide berth as I made my way to a vendor selling seaweed. Pulling out the coin Senna had given me, I gave the man a polite bow—too polite in my opinion, given that I hated bowing and scraping, but it was part of the culture in most of the world here. Setting the coin on the stall (made of ice), I had gestured at the seaweed and asked, "How much will that buy?"

The vendor swiped up the money and counted it slowly as, around us, a crowd began to form. Finally, he shook his head and pocketed the money. "None."

"None? Not a single piece?" I asked.

I watched his eyes flick over the crowd around us before he shook his head again. "No."

"Alright then. That's fair." I held out my hand and smiled. "I'll have the money back, then."

"What money?"

I frowned at the stupid game, biting my tongue. "The money I put on the table. Which you just put in your pocket."

"I have no idea what you're talking about. Are you accusing me of stealing, Fire Nation?" the man demanded, loudly.

The crowd grew restless at that and I took a breath, smiling. "No, absolutely not. You must have gotten confused. The money I placed on the counter wasn't a donation, you see. That was Senna's money, for buying seaweed. So, if you're not selling seaweed today, then I'm going to need that back."

"Oi! You heard him, Fire Nation! Get lost!" someone yelled.

I held the merchant's gaze for a few more moments, before nodding. "Old man. Scar under his right eye. Beard. Sells seaweed. I'll let her know where to collect her money from."

And that was when someone clocked me from the side and I found myself surrounded by a group of angry Water Tribe.

Eventually, they got bored and dragged me over to one of the canals, before tossing me into the freezing water. The cold soothed the forming bruises and I allowed myself to be carried away a good distance, before pulling for shore and hauling myself onto the street. Steam curled off of my body as I focused on my breathing, limping my way back to Senna's house. The few people in the street gave me a wide berth.

Stepping into the house, I shut the door behind me and began stripping out of my soaked clothes as I headed for the bathroom. From the kitchen, Senna called, "Where's that seaweed?"

"They were sold out."

The woman scoffed. "Sold out? They don't sell out."

She stepped out of the kitchen and frowned as she took in my shirtless form crossing her living room as I worked at my pants. Her lips pulled into a tight line. "Who did this?"

"An angry mob," I grunted, pushing open the door to the bathroom and stepping in. Hanging up my clothes, I finished stripping and stepped into the cold water in the tub. Focusing on my chi, I quickly had the water to a nice, steamy temperature in moments and leaned back to soak. The older woman stood in the doorway watching as I closed my eyes and focused. After a moment, green fire began to dance over my body and my bruises and aches began to fade.

"And you just let them?" she demanded.

"They were just people," I sighed, shaking my head. "Besides, there were waterbenders in the crowd, waiting. If I'd done anything to defend myself they wouldn't have hesitated. They probably would've attacked even if I tried to run. Better to let them get it out of their system and see they aren't going to get burned to death just because they make me angry."

"Stupid. They could've killed you."

"I'd have healed myself if there was any real danger. I'm not stupid, Senna. Nor am I some kind of martyr, or a masochist."

She fell silent for a few moments, before eventually asking, "And the money?"

"Old guy. Had a scar under his right eye. He pocketed the money then wanted to play dumb—"

There was a knock at the front door and Senna turned away, closing the bathroom door and going to answer it. I relaxed and focused on healing myself as I listened.

"What do you want?" Senna demanded.

Quietly, I heard the jingle of coin. "Next time, come to the market yourself."

The old man. Well, guess he's not as much of an asshole as I thought. He just understood the situation.

"No. He needs to be able to buy and sell like anyone else."

"And you want me to jeopardize my other clients for one outsider, Senna? I have to live with these people. I can't just pick up everything and fuck off for a year or more at a time. I do business with him, they stop doing business with me. Don't send him by again, for his own sake. Don't know if he noticed, but a few of the more eager hunters were in the market waiting for their chance. He's lucky he took the beating. Next time, he'll be lucky if someone doesn't gut him."

I heard footsteps, followed by the door closing. Quietly, Senna grumbled, "This is all so stupid."

Eventually, I finished healing up and got out of the tub. A bit of fire got my clothes dry and I got dressed. The trader met me in the living room with an expectant look. "Come on."

"Hm?" I asked, stretching and popping my back.

"We're going to see my aunt."

I considered her for a moment before asking, "Is that really a good idea right now?"

"You looked like shit when you came in. I say we walk right back through the market like nothing happened on the way."

Chuckling, I shook my head. "Alright. I'm game."

With that, we left and made for the palace. As we passed into the market, they fell silent again at my presence. I actually recognized a few of the ones from the first time, still hanging around and laughing—a few faces of those who had gotten their licks in. I met their eyes expectantly, as if daring them to try again. Seeing me completely unharmed seemed to spook them however, and they kept their distance.

Senna went right up to the old man's stall and slapped down her coinage. "Seaweed."

He frowned, glancing over to me, before answering. "We're closed for the day."

Louder, the older woman asked, "Oh? Are you? Well, listen up, all of you."

Looking around, I winced as I realized just how much attention she had. "Senna​…"

"Quiet," she shushed me. "Kuruk, how are you enjoying those eggs, hmm? How about the fresh vegetables? Leeks and potatoes are in season right now and they do add a little extra something to the same bland old soup, don't they?" Turning, she looked to another merchant. "Ujurak, you're turning quite a profit off the fish you've been selling to the southerners, aren't you? Massak, how is your brother faring with all of the steel he's been getting from the south to make into tools?"

Senna's glare turned to the crowd now. "A word. One word from me. And it all goes away. The merchants I do business with stop trade with the north entirely. Their competition won't bother, because they know their ships won't be allowed in. If you think you can go around me on this, if you want to get off your asses and brave the outside world, you're welcome to try. I'll spread word and no one will do business with Agna Qel'a. The things you enjoy, the things you depend on, will disappear overnight."

People in the crowd looked away, refusing to meet her eyes. There was some grumbling, but no one said anything against her. "Zuko is my employee. I've hired him as my bodyguard. Refusing to sell to Zuko is the same as refusing to sell to me. Attacking him is the same as attacking me. The only reason those of you who did so earlier are alive is because the boy is a saint. Go ahead, show them what you can do."

"I'm not sure that's wise—"

"I'm making a point, Zuko. Show them."

"Fine," I sighed and held out my hand, conjuring a simple flame in my palm.

Several of the crowd gasped and backed away. Senna grinned and waved, and I extinguished it. Turning back to Kuruk, she growled. "Now, where's my damn seaweed?"

The old man sighed, before grabbing a wad of the stuff and offering it. Senna stuffed it in a hide bag hanging from her belt and nodded. "Let's go."
Yue sat quietly beside Yagoda as the old woman went through her lessons. It was always the same. Just healing. She knew the lessons by heart—well enough to teach them, as she sometimes did, when Yagoda was feeling under the weather or wanted to take a break. She wanted more, but what she wanted and what was expected of her were two different things—a fact she was quickly growing to resent.

I wish something interesting would happen, just once, she mused, going through the ingrained motions of waterbending to practice her healing on the practice dummy, lighting up the ki paths within it all at once and then in sequence, in key areas of the body.

The ladies in the class liked to gossip and the current talk of the town was that of a young man who had come in with old Senna. Some claimed he was a firebender, others that he was just of the Fire Nation. Many of the ladies in their class claimed to have seen him come in and swore he was quite handsome. No one had seen him in the week since he had arrived, however.

I don't care if he's a firebender. I think I'd enjoy meeting someone who isn't from Agna Qel'a. At least, as long as they aren't horrible to talk to. A small smile pulled to her lips as she wistfully added, Especially a cute boy. It would be nice to speak with someone who can go two minutes without talking about the war or politics, or 'our future.'

Unfortunately, that seemed to be all Hahn was capable of speaking on. She couldn't entirely blame him for that, seeing as he was set on becoming a career soldier. All he knew was war. Which was unfortunate. He was rising rapidly through the ranks and had taken an interest in her. There was a very real possibility that he would propose soon and she would be expected to accept, for the good of the tribe.

But what about for the good of me?

Before she could get too deep into those thoughts, the door opened at the far side of the room. They were almost finished with their lessons for the day and weren't expecting guests or visitors, so everyone in the room paused to look up and see who was interrupting their lesson.

Yue recognized Senna, of course. The trader wasn't around much, but she always stopped by to visit her aunt when she returned to Agna Qel'a. The man beside Senna was unknown to her, however. His clothes were clearly those of an outsider, even if they looked suited to the cold. But it was his features that gave away who he was and where he was likely from.

He had his somewhat long hair pulled back into a loose tail at the back of his head, but the front of it had been cut short, leaving it as a bit of a mess that looked like it needed a comb. He wore an easy smile on his lips as his golden eyes swept over them. Those eyes found and met her own and his smile widened just a bit, showing off straight white teeth, and Yue felt her heart pound in her chest.

Oh no. I'm in trouble~.

"Fire Nation," one of the girls whispered and a buzz of hushed whispers filled the room, even as they moved away from the door.

"What's he want?"

"Why is he here?!"

"…He's kind of handsome." There was a quiet smack, followed by a hissed, "What?! You're all thinking it too!"

"Yagoda, I'm back," Senna announced, cutting through the chatter.

"Heh heh. Yes, I see that. And you've brought a friend," Yagoda nodded. "We're done for today, girls. Go home."

The other ladies cleared out, leaving just Yagoda and Yue behind. Senna eyed her and jerked a thumb at the door. "You too."

"She can stay," Yagoda countered. "Yue is the best healer among this generation. She may as well be my apprentice at this point. Now! Who's your friend?"

The boy brought his fist and palm together and bowed politely. "Zuko, master Yagoda."

"Polite," Yagoda murmured, raising an eyebrow. "I'm no master, boy."

Zuko stood, looking confused. "Do you not have years of experience in your field of expertise?"

Yagoda's lips twitched. "I do. Thank you for not saying 'decades.'"

He chuckled at that and asked, "And are you not the most experienced and learned in your field?"

"That I am," the old woman nodded.

"Then, as far as the outside world is concerned, that makes you a master of your craft."

Yagoda shook her head. "It's not our way."

"If you say so."

Senna reached out and swatted at the back of the boy's head, sending his hair flying briefly. "Oi, knock it off, brat." Turning back to Yagoda, she asked, "Can we sit?"

"By all means," Yagoda gestured to the empty pillows in front of her.

Yue watched as Senna waved off Zuko's offer of a hand getting seated, before the boy seated himself between Yue and Senna, sending her a smile that made her stomach do a little flip and her heart pound. Remembering her manners, Yue bowed in place where she sat. "Ah! I'm Yue."

"Pleasure to meet you," the boy grinned and Yue had to look away.

He, he's Fire Nation! I shouldn't feel this way! she mentally scolded herself, only to turn her eyes back to him and immediately lose that battle.

"So, what brings you? Surely not just to catch up, given your traveling companion," Yagoda asked, curiosity in her voice.

Senna gestured to Zuko. "Well? Go on. Show her."

Zuko sighed and rolled his eyes, before holding out his hands. A fire sprang to life between them. Given he was a firebender, that normally wouldn't be anything unexpected… but the color threw her off. From what Yue understood, fire from most firebenders was somewhere between red and orange, with a rare few exceptional examples being blue—usually past Avatars.

The flames between Zuko's hands danced and wavered, throwing off an eerie but somehow calming green light.

"Pretty," Yue breathed, earning a nod from Senna.

"That it is," Yagoda murmured. "But you learn quickly that sometimes, the most beautiful things in nature are the most dangerous. So, young Zuko. What fresh horror does this green fire bring?"

"I was hoping you could tell me, actually," he explained. "As far as I can tell, it heals anyone it comes in contact with. People, animals, plants. If it can be healed, it does. It doesn't burn people to the touch but it's still fire, so it will catch clothes, wood, and other things alight."

"Is that so?" Yagoda hummed, before abruptly shooting her hand forward.

"No!" Yue yelped, reaching out to stop her as the old woman put her hand in the flames. Her eyes went wide when nothing happened. Or at least, not what she was expecting. Instead of burning to a crisp, Yagoda's hand looked fine. Perhaps better than fine, even.

Yue's eyes narrowed as she saw one of the liver spots on the old woman's hand slowly shrink and eventually disappear. Yagoda pushed her other hand into the flames and sighed in what sounded like bliss, closing her eyes.

"It's not healing," Yagoda murmured, and Yue reached out and laid her hands on Yagoda's arm, trying to feel for herself what was going on. "You see, the funny thing about healing is that while it can do things like reduce swelling and inflammation and relieve pain, it can't actually fix or reverse the toll nature takes on the body. Things like arthritis, joint problems, aching in the bones? All the little signs of aging? No amount of healing can truly fix it. It can only temporarily alleviate the symptoms, but never fix the cause. Likewise, healing does not remove or heal scars."

"Yeah," Zuko agreed, nodding. "Old age happens as cells divide and telomeres break off the end of…" he paused, then chuckled, shaking his head. "The body breaks down the older it gets, because every time part of it heals, repairs, or grows it breaks a tiny piece off on the inside. And people and most animals don't regrow things because they scar instead, because it's faster. That's normal, unfortunately."

Yue watched as Yagoda's faded eyes opened wide, the old woman staring at the young man across from her. "You understand."

Zuko shrugged, looking away with a smile. "A bit."

"I see," the old woman nodded. "Then that should make this simpler. You understand how the body divides parts of itself to make new parts. That is not what your fire does. It burns away the old piece and from the part that burns, makes an entirely new part in its place. Not just new, but whole and healthy, as it should be had it not been damaged by time. I've seen similar in sponges, starfish, octopi, squid, and the like. I'm not entirely sure of the mechanism, but… it feels to my chi as though there is a spiritual element. As though the fire restores what should be from the spirit, from the memory contained within those pieces."

"Wait. You're saying it's regenerating cells?" Zuko's eyebrows went up as he looked down at where he held Yagoda's hands.

"If that's what you call it, yes. Why, these old hands feel better than they have in years already. Look." Yagoda pulled her hands from the flames and they all leaned in to look. Yue knew the feel of Yagoda's hands well and, as she reached out and touched them, she found them smooth and supple to the touch—as though they belonged on a somewhat younger woman who wasn't constantly exposed to the bitter cold of the north. Most of the liver spots were gone, as were the wrinkles, and her skin felt tighter. To her healing power, the difference was obvious as night and day, between Yagoda's hands and the skin of her wrists up.

"Amazing," Yue whispered.

"Well, that does answer a few questions," Zuko murmured, before sending Yagoda a smile. "Thank you for your help."

The old woman considered for a moment, before reaching out and taking Zuko's hand, probing him with a diagnostic technique. "Mm. No more strain than if you were bending normally?"

"Not really," Zuko shook his head. "It requires more concentration, but I could keep it going pretty much all day if I needed to."

"And you've adapted to the cold here quite quickly."

Zuko shrugged at that. "It's all in the breath. I've been working on breathing techniques since I was little. It was a bit of a strain once I got here for the first few days, but I got over it. It was a lot like going from a normal elevation to climbing a mountain where the air is thin. Eventually, you adjust. The chi up here is more closely aligned with the water element, but it's still just chi."

Nodding, Yagoda took her hands back, staring at them as she held them in her lap. Senna shifted in her seat, preparing to get up. "Well, if that's it…?"

"Actually," Yagoda began, drawing their attention. "I would request a favor of you, young man. If you would hear me out?"

"Of course. You've helped me a lot here. I can use this safely and not worry about hurting someone," he grinned, and Yue again felt her heart skip a beat.

"Tell me… what do you think would happen, if you were to use that fire on a person, in whole?"

Zuko frowned, sitting back on his cushion as he considered. "I'm not entirely sure. I've used it on myself several times. I used it today after, well…"

"After you let yourself be beaten in the market," Senna grumbled.

"What?!" Yue gasped, going wide-eyed. "What happened?"

Yagoda reached out and took Yue's hand, sighing as she squeezed it. "What do you think happened, silly girl? Fools didn't take the time to think their actions through. They let themselves be led by their feelings. Anger. Hatred. They saw only Fire Nation and attacked."

"That's about right," Zuko confirmed. "Don't like it, but I understand it. I'm a guest here and a problem besides. As much as I'd have liked to fight back… Here, in the heart of the northern capital? Surrounded by warriors and waterbenders? I would have probably been killed before I could begin to explain that it was self-defense."

Turning a smile on Yue, Zuko reached out and laid his hand on hers. The contact was only for a moment, but it left her feeling warm where he touched—a warmth that spread through her body and left her biting her lip to stop the sound she wanted to make from escaping.

So warm! What… what would it feel like, to be in his arms?

Her thoughts were put on hold as Zuko shifted his attention back to Yagoda. "So what? You want to try it and see what happens?"

Yagoda nodded. "If you wouldn't mind. At worst, it gives me a few extra years puttering around. At best… Well, I suppose we'll see. Surely you must be curious."

"I am," Zuko admitted. "Not sure how long it'd take, though. I'm willing to try if you are."

The old woman nodded. "Good, good. I can set aside tomorrow to try, if you like."

"That's fine by me."

"Yue," Yagoda looked up at her. "I'll want you there with me to keep an eye on things. I trust young Zuko is wise enough not to intentionally harm me, but all the same, I would feel safer if you were there in case of any accidents."

"Of course," Yue nodded. She happened to agree that it was better to be safe than sorry. She could also admit to curiosity towards seeing the procedure done over the whole body. What she wouldn't admit to was a desire to spend more time around Zuko. If the process wasn't too mentally taxing, there was a good chance that they would be in proximity for hours with nothing to do but talk…

"There's just one question," Senna murmured. "What happens if it works?"

Zuko opened his mouth, only to pause and frown. "Ah. Good point."
"What do you mean?" Yue asked, confused.

"Well, suppose it restores Yagoda by ten years, down to thirty."

The old woman laughed, reaching out and shoving Zuko's shoulder as he smiled. "Sweet talker."

"People are going to be very interested in anything that can restore even a modicum of youth. Even if it only gave her a few more years, that's something people would kill for. If it could restore someone to their prime? Well, I imagine that's something that might be worth starting a war over."

"We wouldn't—"

"Don't be naive, girl," Yagoda scolded. Sending Zuko a considering look, she continued, "I will vouch for you."

"And what happens when I decide it's time to leave? I'm not planning to stick around forever. There are places I need to be."

Senna chuckled at that. "He says he's on a spiritual journey."

"Hoh?" the old healer murmured. "And how is that going for you?"

Zuko smiled, before holding out his hand and creating a normal, orange flame. A moment later, the flame shifted to blue and the air of the room warmed quickly. Then it turned green, and finally a mesmerizing purple. "There were more colors the firebending masters taught me, but these are the only ones I can produce at the moment. And then there's this."

The fire winked out, only to be replaced by a pure, glowing white sphere—bright and as pure and entrancing as the full moon. Yue's eyes went wide and she carefully reached out, her fingers just brushing the surface of it. "It's pure chi."

"Mm. Yes, I see," Yagoda nodded, a smile on her lips as the light winked out. Humming, she murmured, "The old men will want to find some way to tie you to the tribe and ensure you come back at some point."

"What? You mean—?" Senna began, only for Yagoda to wave her off.

"Don't worry about it. I'll speak with them." Looking to Zuko, she instructed, "Tomorrow. Be here bright and early."

"After my morning practice," he confirmed. Frowning, he added, "Too bad I don't really have anywhere to actually practice. I imagine if I head out the doors and into the tundra far enough to not cause problems, they'll be locked behind me."

"I'll take care of it. Give me a day or two. In the meantime, I want to catch up with my niece. Yue!"

"Ah! Yes?" Yue startled as the older woman grinned at her.

"Why don't you show Zuko around? Go sit down, have some tea."

"Very well," Yue nodded, pushing herself to her feet. Zuko stood and followed her from the room.

The door shut behind them and Zuko asked, "So, what do you do for fun around here?"

Yue hummed. She considered it and frowned as she realized that there was little in the way of 'fun' in her life. Frowning, she admitted, "I don't know. I'm not really allowed outside the city. I read books and scrolls when they come in from the south. We do occasionally get a theater troupe here to perform. We have our own troupe as well, but… well, there isn't much that everyone hasn't already seen a hundred times. I like going for walks in the city, or riding in the canals, especially at night. What about you? What do you like to do for fun?"

He was a firebender, so of course they had a common interest in bending. She really, really hoped it wasn't something military related.

Zuko sent her another of those smiles she was quickly coming to think of as being entirely too dangerous for her especially, the way they made her heart leap. "Bending, of course," he said, and she nodded at the expected answer. "Travel. I picked up a pipa and I'm learning to play that."

"You play?" Yue asked, her interest piqued as she turned and sent him a hopeful look.

"Terribly," he admitted with a grin. "I sing too, but it's like squealing cats."

Yue reached up to cover her smile as she giggled. "I'm sure it's not that bad. Perhaps you'll play for me later?"

"Sure. I wouldn't mind giving you a laugh," he rolled his eyes. "I play Pai Sho and know a few other games, if you're interested in learning."

Yue bit her lip as she thought about it. "Pai Sho is considered a man's game…"

Zuko waved the words off with a scoff. "Please, I'll be happy to teach you if you want to learn. Honestly, outside of a very few things where one or the other of us is just better suited to something by nature, the whole 'man's role' this, 'woman's role' that thing is garbage. You should be able to cook, do your own laundry, and clean up after yourself regardless of your sex. Likewise, bending used by a woman is just as dangerous as that used by a man. Both will kill you dead if you aren't careful.

"Would I put a woman on the front lines during a war? No. Absolutely not, if I had any choice. That's just asking for her to be captured alive and for awful things to happen. Doesn't mean she can't stand behind a few lines of men and lob bending techniques over their heads into the enemy lines. Or act as a healer, to get your people back into the fight faster than the enemy can do the same for their own. Or some sort of highly trained, elite unit of special forces, but that's the exception, not the rule."

Quietly, Yue asked, "Were you part of the military?"

Zuko shook his head. "No. As a noble's son, I had private tutors and training. My training was pretty eclectic. I learned bending at the academy, under men and women alike. The master I learned the sword from was a bit of a hermit. Some of the best archers and trackers I studied under were women. Honestly? I was sent away as much as I was because I was kind of a thorn in my father's side."

Grinning ruefully, he rubbed his chest, adding, "That's why I'm here now, instead of back in the capital with my sister. I mouthed off and my father tried to kill me for it. So I left as soon as I was able."

"Oh!" Yue gasped, her eyes going wide as she reached out and laid a hand on his, searching his body for signs of damage with a technique. To her surprise, while there were some lingering signs of damage, it seemed that most of it was gone—likely by means of the green fire, at a guess. "I'm sorry."

"Don't be. He's… not a good person," Zuko shook his head, squeezing her hand. "Anyway, let's talk about something else. Literally anything else."

Nodding, Yue led them to a kitchen area where she could start preparing tea. "Where have you been so far, in your travels?"

"Not many places, yet," Zuko admitted. "I left from the Fire Islands and went straight to the closest Air Temple to get a bit of a breather and figure out my next move, but I got caught in a storm…"

Yue listened, wide eyed, as Zuko told her of his adventures. Of the wandering island that turned out to be a lion-turtle. Of the ancient firebending masters, who from his descriptions, she intuited to be dragons. Of the abandoned air temple…

The tea was almost forgotten, until Senna eventually came to retrieve Zuko and Yue realized she was running late for the evening meal when Yagoda pointed it out and asked Yue to accompany her. Zuko said his goodbyes to the two of them and, to her delight, Yue managed to extract a promise from him to continue their conversation tomorrow.

It was as they were nearing the dining hall that Yagoda quietly asked, "Well? What do you think? Do you like him?"

Yue laughed quietly, a happy smile on her face. Yagoda raised an eyebrow as she studied Yue's face for a moment, before quietly snorting. "No, don't bother. It couldn't be more obvious."

"It, it is not! I don't know what you're talking about!" Yue denied, looking away as her cheeks turned red.

"Of course," Yagoda patted her hand. "Of course, dear."
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.
Now with Discord!​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:BloodGoat, LordVile, Voltrasin and 2,716 others
sinereal
Apr 11, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 06 New
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
Apr 17, 2024
Add bookmark
#899
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
06
"You should be honored. I was quite the beauty in my youth, young man."

Yue hid a smile behind her hand and stifled a giggle as I let out a sigh. "Fine. Let's just… get this over with."

Fire burned. It was simple physics and chemistry. And as I had come to learn, even if the green fire didn't burn living things in the normal way, it would absolutely burn inanimate things. Things like clothing. There was a reason I had gone to the bath when I used it on my whole body, and not just because a warm bath relaxed abused muscles. Firstly, because I couldn't wear anything anyway. Secondly, to protect the rest of Senna's home from the heat.

"What are you giggling at, young lady?" Yagoda scolded Yue as she stripped down. "You're going in there with us. Start stripping."

"W-wha?!" the girl's eyes went wide and Yagoda leered, laughing.

"You're going to need to be right there beside me. How long do you think it'll take your clothes to become unbearable, hmm? For them to catch fire around you?" Yagoda raised an eyebrow. "I imagine young Zuko may be able to stand the heat better than us, but even he won't be able to keep his own clothes from catching alight. Not while also focusing on what he needs to."

"She's right," I agreed, much as I didn't want to. I hadn't woken up this morning and thought to myself how nice it would be to see floppy, wrinkly old woman bits, or that I'd like to strip down in front of said old woman, even with the sexy Yue going in as well as a consolation prize. "Look, you're a healer, right? You've seen more than your fair share of naked people by now, surely. Just think of it like that. It's for a medical thing, so it's fine. Nothing to be worried about."

Yue stared as I began taking off my clothes. Pink tongue darted out to lick her lips as her eyes went wide and she stared as my shirt came off, followed by my pants. She covered her face with her hands as I got to my underwear, but I caught a hint of one blue eye peeking between her fingers and her light brown skin turned beet red as she squeaked.

"Come on, let's go in. Yue, hurry up!" Yagoda demanded, grabbing my hand and dragging me into the room beyond.

Apparently, Yagoda had thrown around her weight somewhere, as we had this entire section of the building to ourselves at the moment. They had what was effectively a hospital wing in the palace, which hadn't made sense to me initially, until I thought about it from a tactical mindset. Namely, the palace was the place with the thickest walls and the most ice for their benders to use. Keeping the healers here, behind these thick walls, and bringing the injured to them here was the smartest move in any defensive engagement.

"Ahh, it's cold on these old feet," Yagoda complained. I couldn't blame her, given that we were walking on ice, inside a building made of ice, at the north pole.

"It'll warm up in a minute. As soon as Yue gets in here," I reminded her, as I helped her climb up onto a person-sized slab of ice erected for laying patients out on, before sitting down with a quiet yelp as my nuts touched the ice.

"Hehehe! Cold on the old twig and berries, isn't it?" the old woman cackled.

"Not pleasant," I grumbled, focusing on my breathing and warming my body up.

The sound of rushing feet announced Yue's entrance and I glanced up in time to see her rush past me to the other side of the ice block, both hands covering her sensitive bits. She met my eyes and wailed, "Don't look~!"

"The way you didn't look?" I challenged, and she whimpered.

"That's different!" the girl protested, as she settled in on the ground in front of me, the raised block of ice preventing me from seeing anything interesting.

"It's really not," I shook my head. Still, what I saw was very nice, I mused, the mental image of a nude Yue dancing in my mind's eye. She was surprisingly fit for a girl who didn't get out much, and looked deliciously soft. A bit plump, but that was fine.

"Ee! Stop imagining it!"

Yagoda cackled again, drawing Yue's attention. "Come now, girl. You should be flattered! It's not every day you get the attention of a boy like Zuko here. Now, if you don't mind, get that fire going so I stop freezing my wrinkly old ass off!"

"Yes, yes. One fire, coming up," I shook my head. Focusing on my breathing rhythm, I conjured green flames to my hands. Holding them out, I considered how best to do this.

Probably not a good idea to do one body part at a time. I doubt the body will react well to parts of it suddenly being younger. Could put strain on her and cause problems. So… wide dispersal. Need to cover her whole body at once.

Green flames rushed out of my hands and Yue 'eep!'ed, jerking back for a moment as they washed over Yagoda. I closed my eyes, feeling out my chi in the fire, and how it interacted with Yagoda's, in order to paint a mental picture of the shape of her body. It took some finagling, but I managed to get a layer of flames under her, between her body and the ice, which quickly began to melt where it was in contact and drip down the larger structure. Eventually, I got to a point where all I had to do was maintain the fire.

"This is amazing," Yue murmured, her hands touching Yagoda's arm as, at a guess, she used some sort of diagnostic technique to see what was going on inside the old woman. "I can see her getting healthier, a little at a time." She moved her hand over to lay it on my arm. "The technique is much more draining than yesterday."

"Yeah, well, yesterday I was just making a small flame. Now, I'm trying to keep up a bonfire," I chuckled, sending her a smile. "I'm fine for now. I'll need something to eat and drink later, and a short break. I'll be fine until then."

"If you're sure?" Yue asked, and I nodded. She looked down at Yagoda, who looked to have fallen asleep at some point once the fire started, before her eyes shifted up to meet my own. "So… There isn't much to do right now but talk. Will you tell me more of your travels?"

Chuckling, I admitted, "I covered pretty much all of it so far."

Nodding, the girl hummed, before hesitantly asking, "What was it like? The fire islands? We've heard stories, but… somehow I doubt it's home to demons who roast and eat the infants of the other nations alive."

I winced, making a disgusted face. "No. Not at all. The preferred method is raw. Kinda like sushi."

Yue's mouth fell open and I chuckled. "Sorry, that joke was… in bad taste." Her hand twitched, half-raising as she glared and I grinned.

"You're horrible!"

"Yep," I laughed. "And I guess it depends on where you were in the Fire Nation. Most places, I suppose it was just normal people living out normal, ordinary lives. People are happy and healthy. Aside from the occasional group of soldiers who come through on patrol or a passing Fire Navy ship, you wouldn't know we were at war. It's not some kind of caricature, like you'd see put on in some sort of stage play or puppet show. Everyone isn't all, 'Haha! I'm of the Fire Nation and today, I will make the world just a little more miserable! And then tonight, I'll eat some Earth Kingdom baby! Or perhaps I'll have some Water Tribe child instead! It's too bad Airbender children are out of season! Ha ha ha!' while twirling their mustache or stroking their beard, you know?"

Yue's face looked conflicted. On the one hand, I could see she was a bit horrified at the description, but on the other I could see she kind of wanted to laugh. Eventually, she asked, "What about where you lived?"

"Ah. That would be Caldera City, on the largest, westernmost island. As the name suggests, it's a city built inside a caldera."

"What's a caldera?"

"Do you know what a volcano is?" I asked, and Yue shook her head. "Alright. How do I explain this?"

Considering for a few moments as I glanced down at Yagoda's face, I raised an eyebrow as I realized the old woman had already begun to show signs of losing years. Yue's right. It really is amazing.

Catching sight of the ice the old woman was lying on gave me an idea, however. "Icebergs."

"Hm?" Yue asked, tilting her head cutely in confusion, sending her white hair falling partially over her shoulder.

"You've seen icebergs," I said, and she nodded. "So you know the top is only the smallest part, sticking up out of the water." She nodded again. "Imagine a whole bunch of ice bergs, all pressed together. It they're joined at all, it's only because of the pressure of them pushing against each other. Those are the continents. The great big masses of land sticking out of the water. But below the water, there's more land, on the bottom. And deep, deep below that, is a layer of molten, liquid rock. What we call magma when it's underground, or lava when it's on the surface. Those continents are like ice bergs, floating on top of a sea of magma. Because they aren't resting on anything solid, they move with the waves and tides."

"Ah! I've seen icebergs shift like that, yes!" Yue nodded, beaming a smile so beautiful it hurt to look at.

Damn, this girl really is too cute. How is this even legal?

"You know how sometimes, water shoots up between the cracks, because of the pressure?" I asked, and she nodded again. "Same concept. Pressure builds, magma gets pushed to the surface, it erupts. We call that volcanic activity. But rock isn't water. Rock is solid, when it's colder than its melting point. And as it's exposed to water, or air, or anything other than extreme heat and pressure, lava cools and solidifies. A volcano is when enough lava builds up into a mountain. There's still usually a vent below it, where more lava leaks up to the surface, but it's held in place by the rest of the rock of the volcano around it. A caldera is the inside of a volcano. A bowl-shaped depression where the interior has solidified and collapsed. Sometimes, the volcano goes dormant and stays that way for hundreds, even thousands of years. Sometimes, pressure builds and it eventually goes up."

Yue's eyes went wide. "Wait! Your capital is built on top of this caldera, which might suddenly explode one day?!"

"Yep. Theoretically, we'd have a few months of warning if it were getting ready to explode. Assuming they recognized the signs. Assuming the reports didn't get buried in bureaucracy. Assuming the warnings weren't ignored…" I shrugged, grinning ruefully. "I can't say it's the safest place in the world to live, just because of that. Most people don't even realize the potential danger."

"That's… terrifying."

"A bit, yeah," I agreed. "Once you get past that, I guess it's probably like any major city. You've got your normal, honest folk just trying to make a living. Then you've got your minor government functionaries, trying to keep things running. Then the upper government, politicians, and nobility doing more to make themselves a nuisance and line their pockets than to actually help the country. Military, of course. Lots of police, guards, army, and navy—but for the most part, the lower ranks are all made up of normal, decent enough people who are, again, just trying to make a living for themselves and their families. Or conscripts, who were forced to join for one reason or another—debts, commuted prison sentences, that sort of thing. Then you've got the upper nobility, ranking officers, and finally the royalty. They don't actually go out in public much, so it's not like most people would recognize one of them on sight. Aside from the emperor, you could be sitting across from one of them and you wouldn't know."

Yue scoffed, sending me an amused look. "I think I would be able to pick out royalty if I saw them."

Chuckling, I asked, "Oh? Why's that?"

"Mm," she put a finger to her lips, then smiled. "Like recognizes like."

"Yeah? You saying you're some kind of princess or something?" I challenged, and her smile turned impish.

"Something like that," she agreed. "It's refreshing, to not be recognized on sight. To have someone treat me as…" she hesitated, then admitted, "as an equal. Not a prize to be won, or a doll to sit silently in a corner and smile." Her blue eyes bored into my gold for several moments, the green light of my flames flickering in them, before she giggled. "And you don't even care, do you?"

"Can't say I do," I admitted. "I mean, we're kind of laid bare before each other here, in the most literal sense. I've never put much stock in rank or position."

Her eyes narrowed in challenge at that and, perhaps deciding to test that theory, she straightened up where she sat—not quite exposing her breasts to my sight as she adopted what I recognized as a very official bearing. A royal bearing, in fact. I recognized it from my own training in preparation for the royal court. "I am Yue, daughter of Chief Arnook, princess of the Northern Water Tribe."

I stayed right where I was, slouched down in as relaxed a position as I could get while I kept the fire around Yagoda going. Meeting the princess's eyes, I held her gaze as I answered, "And I'd rather be just Zuko, a wandering student."

Yue relaxed a bit, even as she eyed me critically. "You didn't even react."

"Was I supposed to?"

"Most people would," she murmured. "Even a noble of another nation would."

Sending her a smile, I said, "You want to know, but you don't actually want me to tell you. You want to guess, but the mystery is more fun than the truth would ever be. You're thinking, 'Maybe he's some second or third prince, outcast by the royal family. Or maybe he's not the emperor's son, but is in the line of succession.'"

Yue pouted, crossing her arms over her chest as she glared halfheartedly. "How did you know?"

"You're a woman," I chuckled. "I will tell you this, since it's public knowledge: the emperor has one older brother, a son, a daughter, and a deceased nephew. If there are other relatives or bastards somewhere, the public isn't aware of it. The emperor's name is Ozai and his brother's name is Iroh—which is a name the Earth Kingdom knows well given his siege of their capital, before quitting the field after his son died."

"I've heard of the Dragon of the West before." Yue hummed, thinking about it as she considered me. Finally, she smiled and shook her head. "Perhaps you're right, and the game is more fun than the answer. Let us speak of something else, then."

"Sure. Feel free to ask whatever you like. I can't guarantee I'll answer, but I promise not to lie to you."

Nodding, the young woman across from me eventually smiled a mischievous little smile, before asking, "Do you have anyone waiting for you, back home?"

"A little sister and two friends." Remembering my last encounter with Mai and Ty Lee, I corrected myself. "But those two friends may have been sent by my sister to track me down and drag me home, so they might not actually be waiting for me back home."

Frowning, Yue narrowed her eyes. "That isn't what I meant."

I grinned. "I know."

"Nn." I laughed at her little frustrated noise. "Do you enjoy tormenting me?"

"Yes," I answered immediately. "Your frustrated face is cute."

The girl looked away with another frustrated sound, blushing down below the level at where the ice cut off my sight of her body. "Only when I'm frustrated​?"

"Of course not. But it's so easy to fluster and frustrate you that it's quickly becoming my favorite new game."

"You're awful," she sighed, sulking. "Is there anyone," she hesitated, carefully choosing her words now, "that you're romantically involved with, in the Fire Nation?"

I shook my head. "Not to my knowledge. No engagements, no arrangements, no special friends or even lovers. What about yourself? Is there some special person in your life?"

Yue looked down, thinking about it for a moment, before looking up and meeting my eyes with a smile. "Yes. There's someone who has caught my eye. Unfortunately, as the chieftain's daughter, I will be expected to marry for the good of the tribe. There is one young warrior in training who is intent on pursuing me."

"And how do you feel about him?"

Yue looked away. "How I feel doesn't matter."

"It matters to me."

The girl blinked, turning back to meet my eyes. "I don't dislike him, but I don't like him either. I barely know him, so I don't feel one way or the other about him, mostly. I'm sure he's strong and I suppose he's handsome enough. But the truth is, he's very… dull. All he knows how to talk about is war and politics, himself, and his own career."

Biting her lip, Yue looked away and murmured, "He does not tell me stories of strange and beautiful lands. He does not consider my feelings on matters. He does not attempt to teach me something new so we can have a common interest. Nor does he treat me as an equal and a woman."

"How does he treat you?" I asked, having a suspicion given the type of man she was describing.

"As something to be won and possessed."

"Well," I murmured, drawing Yue's eyes to me as I sent her a smile. "You are worth fighting for and winning, and absolutely someone I would possess and guard jealously. And if you were my woman, I would expect the same from you. To see your man as a prize worth keeping out of the hands of others who would try to steal him away." Yue worried her plump bottom lip between her teeth at that, lowering her head to look at me through dark lashes. "There's nothing wrong with that. It's human nature. But there's a difference between treating you like someone precious and to be protected and treating you like a thing, like a trophy to collect."

Taking a breath, Yue quickly pushed herself to her feet and rushed towards the door, incidentally flashing me with a glimpse of her large breasts and the white hair of her neat little bush. She paused at the door. "It," she swallowed thickly, "I think we should take a short break so you can rest. I'll go fetch some tea and snacks."

"Sure. Thanks, Yue," I nodded, and she left the room in a hurry. Turning my gaze to Yagoda's face, I sighed as I tried to gauge how much progress I had made. She had gone from a woman in her eighties to maybe in her sixties. The change wasn't easy to judge, but it was obvious. "Maybe I said too much."
It was late into the night when I finally felt done.

Yue had returned and left several times during her watch over Yagoda, to collect food and drink for us. I had only left once myself, just long enough to use the restroom. I would never get used to sitting on a toilet box made of ice. That was just not how I wanted to ever have to use the restroom again, once I left this place.

With my hands occupied with Yagoda, Yue had taken it upon herself to see to my needs—namely, feeding me and holding a cup while I drank tea. I think something about my comment about if she was my woman must have set something off in her mind.

After that first time exposing herself to do so and me studiously keeping my eyes on Yagoda the entire time, she had taken it as some sort of challenge, and found new positions to sit in to get a rise out of me. And though I could control my eyes, my dick was another matter entirely, as it decided it liked the show I was getting in my peripheral vision and wanted to show its appreciation for the beautiful young woman trying to get my attention.

Thankfully, the torture that was being blue balled for most of the day looked to be about to come to an end. I let the fire die down and sat back, resting my hands in my lap. "I think we're done. How's she look?"

"Everything seems normal. Healthy. Better, even. I don't think I've ever seen someone this healthy," Yue mused as she ran her hands over Yagoda's skin. "We eat a lot of fish, so we see some toxic things accumulate in the body. They're things we're trained to remove, but they can be harmful. But there are none! Or any of the other toxins that build up over time and have to be cleaned. It's like they've all… been burned away."

"That's good to hear," I yawned, stretching where I sat. "Can you wake her?"

"She's coming around now," Yue nodded.

A few moments later, Yagoda's eyes opened and she took a deep breath. A smile pulled at her lips as she sat up on the wet, half-melted slab of ice. To be honest, she hadn't been lying. As she was now, returned to the prime of her life at what I guessed was maybe her early twenties, Yagoda was quite the beauty.

Long, dark hair that came down to her back, before bleeding into gray, then a pile of white bundled on the floor. Smooth, tight, very warm-looking ambiguously brown skin. Plump lips. Full breasts. Thick thighs. Narrow waist. Bright blue eyes that swept over me and danced with amusement as she preened under the attention, unashamedly turning her body to show off more of herself.

"I told you so," the healer chuckled, reaching out and patting my shoulder, before turning her eyes to Yue. "Be a dear and fetch me some scissors, would you?"

"Of course," Yue bowed, hurrying from the room.

"And some fresh clothes! Mine aren't going to fit anymore. Bring me a set of yours, would you?"

"I will," Yue promised, as she hit the door and stopped only long enough to pull on her clothes outside.

I stood, working the kinks out and groaning in relief as I got off the cold, hard floor. "In the meantime, I'm going to get dressed."

Yagoda nodded, waving me off. I stepped outside and used fire to dry myself off and warm up, then enough heat to warm up my very cold clothes before pulling them on. Grabbing my coat, I made my way back inside and over to Yagoda, who I found studying her body—prodding herself this way and that. Her hands touched each other, then her tight belly, then hefted her breasts and tweaked her own nipples, before sliding up to her beautiful face.

"Zuko my boy, you have no idea what this means to me," the woman murmured as I stepped up and draped my coat around her shoulders. She slipped her arms in the sleeves, then took my hands in her own.

"I can imagine."

Sighing, the woman pulled me in close and wrapped her arms around me, burying her face in my stomach as she hugged me tightly. I returned the hug, rubbing her back. "Thank you," she sighed, then rubbed her face against my stomach. "Ah, I had almost forgotten how good it feels to touch another person. To not feel like an old, aching bag of bones."

A quiet, mischievous chuckle escaped her throat and her hands shifted down. I jumped a little as both her hands latched on and squeezed my ass. "Uh, am I in danger?"

"Very much so," the woman laughed. "I need to find some young buck to enjoy this new lease on life with."

"Ah, well…"

Yagoda cackled, shaking her head. "Oh, don't worry. I'm only teasing. I think Yue would strangle me if I stole you out from under her."

"It's not like we're dating."

The newly young woman pulled back and looked up at me, digging her chin into my stomach. "Don't play dense, Zuko. I said it last night, didn't I? Arnook will look for some way to tie you more closely to the tribe, after this. So, congratulations on your engagement."

I rolled my eyes. "I highly doubt he's going to throw his daughter at me—"

"If he doesn't, he's a fool, and I'll step in to see that he does," she countered. I sent her a skeptical look and Yagoda shook her head. "Answer me this, Zuko. Do you like her?"

"I just met her. Ack!" I yelped as she squeezed my ass with both hands.

"That wasn't what I asked, boy!" the healer glared up at me. "A simple yes or no. Do you like her? Do you find her beautiful? Is she charming? Could you see being married to her, one day? Yes or no."

I didn't even have to think about it. "Yes. But—"

"Ah, ah, ah!" Yagoda shook her head. "I don't care for anything else. The 'yes' is all that matters."

"Yagoda, it is way more complicated than that."

The woman shrugged. "It doesn't have to be. And it won't. You said you want to leave and continue your journey. The 'walkabout' my niece spoke of? That's fine. They aren't going to deny you that, if the alternative is risking angering the man who can restore their youth and vigor. In fact, after tonight, you'll find you will have much sway within the tribe. You just need to prepare beforehand."

"What do you mean, after tonight? And prepare how?"

Chuckling, Yagoda shook her head. She made to answer, only for the door behind us to open. "I've bought what you asked for."

"Ahh, thank you Yue. You're such a good girl," Yagoda giggled, letting me go and standing. She stripped out of my coat and handed it to me, before gathering her hair in one hand and taking the scissors on the other. She took a few moments to cut the end off, leaving behind a pile of old, white and gray hair on the ground. A bit of waterbending had the water off of her and she took the clothes Yue offered.

Quietly, Yue asked, "When did you learn how to…?"

Yagoda sent Yue an amused look. I noticed that now that her youth had been restored, Yagoda was actually a little taller than Yue, now that she wasn't hunched over on herself and shrunken with age. "Girl, use your head. Just because Pakku refuses to teach waterbending to women and it's tradition that women learn to heal doesn't mean you can't study and learn on your own. What are they going to do if they catch you using it, hmm? Tell you to stop? Ha! I've found the simplest response to that is to ask old Pakku if he'd like his joint pain to go away or not. It shuts him up for a while."

"The whole system is stupid," I muttered, and Yagoda turned a raised eyebrow my way. "If men and women can both learn how to heal and how to fight using waterbending, then they should. If you told a Fire Nation general or admiral that you had a squad of twenty healers, he'd sequester them behind walls, far from the front lines. If you told him those healers could also act as reinforcements for the fighters? He'd stick them on the rear lines, where they could act as artillery, supporting the front lines. If you told him every single firebender under his command could learn how to heal with just a few years more training? He'd be kicking down the emperor's door demanding that all of them be pulled in rotation to undergo immediate retraining, to ensure the entire firebending force would be capable of both fighting and healing. And for as much of a prick as Ozai is, he'd agree, because it makes sense from a strategic standpoint. I'm sure the Earth Kingdom would do the same if they could. You're shooting yourselves in the foot by not doing it. You have an advantage over the Fire Nation and you're squandering it. Why?"

"Because that is what a previous Avatar decreed. It was faster to train one group on healing and the other with combat."

I groaned quietly at that. "Yeah. You rotate them. Split them into multiple, smaller groups. Then, when their training is complete, one of each group goes active duty, while the other two groups cross-train. Then when they're done, the ones who were active rotate back in for their cross-training, and you end up with four groups capable of both skills."

"Hehe. Perhaps I'll bring it up with Arnook and let you tell him yourself," Yagoda suggested as she finished getting dressed, now that her hair was trimmed up how she wanted it. "You'll have an opportunity soon. Come! I want you to sit beside me for the evening meal."

I found my arm grabbed and pulled tightly to the woman's chest. Yue joined on the other side of Yagoda as they led me from the room. Frowning, I asked, "What, now?"

"Of course. Tonight is the best time for it," the older woman nodded. Quieter, she let out a dark chuckle. "This is going to be fun~."

Looking over to Yue, I asked, "This is going to be trouble, isn't it?"

"Yes," the white haired girl smiled. "Thankfully, my seat is a few places down from where you'll be sitting, so I won't be caught up in what comes next."

"Traitor," I grumbled, earning a giggle.

Yagoda patted my hand as we neared the doors. "Oh, don't worry, Zuko. Yue is going to get hers, soon enough."

"Eh?" Yue asked, looking suddenly nervous. "Yagoda? What do you mean?" Yagoda sent her a smile and Yue whimpered. "Yagoda please?"

"Hush, girl. You'll enjoy this. I promise. Now, let's go say hello…"
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.
Now with Discord!​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:BloodGoat, LordVile, Voltrasin and 2,664 others
sinereal
Apr 17, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 07
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
Apr 24, 2024
Add bookmark
#1,071
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
07
Chief Arnook was not a particularly large man, nor was he very imposing. In fact, he looked like a man who had aged too fast, carrying the weight of his people on his shoulders for too long. He was worn down, with deep crags of lines and wrinkles on his face. His once black hair was still more pepper than salt, but the signs of stress were starting to show. The man had inherited a war from more than one chieftain before him though, so I couldn't say it wasn't earned.

By comparison, his wife looked healthy and young. She had a few smile lines at the corners of her mouth, but otherwise I would have put her at about thirty—mid-thirties at most. I see where Yue gets her looks from.

This wasn't some grand ceremonial gathering room Yagoda had dragged me and Yue off to, but rather a small room apparently close to the kitchen judging by the smell, with only a single table and seats inside. Seated at the table were of course, Arnook and his wife, Yue taking her place beside her mother, an older man, and a few empty seats.

Arnook looked at Yagoda like a stranger as she took what I assumed was her normal seat and directed me to sit beside her. "Young lady, that seat is reserved. And why did you bring him?" he began, only for Yagoda to cut him off with a cackle.

"Show some respect for your elders! I changed your diapers, Arnook!"

A few places down, the much older man leaned forward to stare at Yagoda—this one bald up top but with long hair on the back and sides of his head and a Fu Manchu beard. After a few moments, he asked, "Yagoda?"

"That's right, Pakku," she grinned, starting to fill her plate before turning to me. "Go on, don't be shy."

"Thanks," I nodded and began doing likewise.

"What happened to you?!" Pakku demanded, the room having fallen silent as we now had the attention of everyone at the table—Arnook and his wife clearly wanting an answer to that question as well. Yue shrank down into herself a bit, staying quiet as she began to eat, visibly trying to avoid the conversation but still paying attention.

Yagoda reached out and patted my hand. "That would all be thanks to this young man here. The dear boy discovered a way to heal using fire—"

"Fire Nation lies!" Pakku spat.

"Shut your mouth, you old goat!" the woman beside me glared. "You'll not speak ill of my guest, or you can fix your own creaky knee."

Pakku's mouth snapped shut as he glared back, before stabbing something on his plate with entirely too much force. Arnook began opening up a crab of some kind on his plate as he asked, "Is this true?"

"It is," Yagoda confirmed. "Ask Yue. She was there."

Arnook turned to his daughter, who winced at being put on the spot, but nodded. "It's true, father. I oversaw the entire process. It was… miraculous."

"I'm sure," Pakku muttered.

Humming, Arnook met my eyes across the table as I ate quietly, holding my peace. Etiquette in this situation dictated that I wait to be addressed before involving myself. I was a guest here and, unless my opinion was asked for, it was assumed that it wasn't wanted.

At least, according to one school of thought in my formal etiquette classes. The other said that as a noble, especially as a member of the royal family, and most especially as a prince I should try to contribute meaningfully—but respectfully—and not be a passive observer, as that was a sign of weakness. The only time passive observance was permitted was in the 'information gathering' phase, where one studied the debate at hand and the personalities of those involved and drew their own conclusions. That was supposed to end with either an impressive display of insight into the topic at hand or an attack on one of those debating to point out the flaws in their argument.

The 'attack' course of action was, of course, to be undertaken with caution and only with an awareness of the rank and social standing of the person one was using the tactic on. For instance, it would be permissible to use it against some foreigner or lesser noble, but not permissible to use against a high ranking military officer, unless you had a constructive alternative to whatever he was suggesting. Even in the latter case, that could still be grounds for Agni Kai—which is what those classes were meant to prevent.

Yes, that's right. Young Fire Nation nobles putting their feet in their mouths and getting themselves Agni Kai'd out of the gene pool had led to mandatory training for how to avoid that. It was just a shame that the lessons didn't stick for so many who thought they were hot shit. I paid attention because I didn't like the idea of being randomly challenged, or putting myself in a position where Ozai might have actual grounds to challenge me himself for any sort of perceived attack on his authority, competence, or anything else to cause him to lose face.

Apparently, keeping my smartass comments to the dinner table where it was just the three of us wasn't good enough. In retrospect, I knew I was playing around with fire—I'd just made the critical mistake of thinking that if I didn't push too far, or in front of others where he would have to respond, that I would be safe. I was dead wrong.

"Let's hear the truth of it from our guest. Please, introduce yourself," Arnook instructed.

I took a moment to wash my food down with a sip of tea before giving a shallow bow where I sat. "I'm Zuko. Thank you for having me here. It's true, I am a firebender and yes, I fled the Fire Nation. Since then, I've been on what I guess you'd call a spiritual journey, learning what I can, where I can, and deepening my understanding of both firebending specifically, bending in general, and the world as a whole. In my travels I encountered two ancient firebending masters, Ran and Shaw, who gave me a revelation about the nature of fire. Namely, that it could be used for things other than destruction. That just as fire consumes, it's the spark of life. It is a living element. It breathes, it eats. It burns away the old and brings new life. It purifies and cleanses. That's why I came here, seeking the best healers in the world. I wanted to learn more about it, where it differed from healing with water, and learn if it was truly safe to use."

Holding up my hand, I conjured a handful of green flame, making Arnook, his wife, and Pakku all flinch—the old waterbender bending part of the ice floor into water and holding it ready at his side. Holding out the flame to Yagoda, the newly young woman stuck her hand into it, leaving it in for long enough that a normal fire would've left her hand a charred mess, before pulling it out and wiggling her perfectly healthy fingers for all to see. I let the flames die and took up my fork again.

"You see?" she grinned. "I've had some time to study the fire. It has strong healing properties—much stronger than healing by waterbending. What it lacks is an ability to do anything about chi pathways, other than rebuild them. It could not fix a chi pathway afflicted by some sort of curse by a spirit."

Not the green fire, no. But I think maybe that's what purple is for, I mused, but kept that to myself for now, since I had nothing to test it against. I suspected it was something to do with spirits, anyway.

"And this somehow restored your youth?" Arnook asked, and Yagoda nodded.

"It took the better part of the day, but yes. And let me tell you, it feels great! No more aches and pains. I don't feel tired anymore. Actually, I feel like I could run across Agna Qel'a if I wanted. I can see clearly for the first time in decades! I can hear again." Beaming a wide smile, she added, "My damn teeth grew back! I want a steak so bad I can practically taste it!"

"And what was the cost?" Pakku demanded, finally lowering his sphere of water and letting it splash harmlessly onto the floor. "What did he ask in return?"

"Nothing," I shrugged. "I did it as thanks for helping me to understand the technique and confirm that I wouldn't accidentally hurt someone using it."

"Somehow, I doubt that was your only motivation."

"Doubt all you like. I came here with a few goals in mind. First, to better understand how the green fire works, which I've achieved. The second, to practice my firebending in the environment most adverse to it, and I'd say I'm doing pretty well so far. And finally, to try to gain some insights into the nature of fire by looking at it through the lens of water."

"I beg your pardon," Pakku recoiled, an offended look on his face.

"My uncle discovered how to redirect lightning by taking inspiration from waterbending. I want to see how the various styles of bending can interact with each other. Fire, with a greater understanding of water, air, and earth."

"No doubt so you can take it back to your people to better understand how to kill the rest of us."

Chuckling, I shook my head. "I can't go back and wouldn't if I could. Not right now."

"Pakku, you're being rude," Yagoda cut in before Pakku could open his mouth again. Turning to Arnook, she said, "Do you know how many fighting men are out of commission due to permanent, crippling injuries that I can't heal? I do. Do you know how many people have been permanently maimed or disfigured and left scarred for life from fire? I do. How about how many of our warriors and healers have left service due to old age?" Yagoda paused, before grinning and admitting, "I don't actually know that number, but it's a lot. Even the old goat here could do with having a few decades shaved off."

Arnook folded his arms, leaning back in his seat as he considered what Yagoda was proposing. Finally, he looked to me and asked, "And how many could you restore in a day?"

"I have no idea," I answered honestly. "For minor to moderate wounds that normal healing can't fix? Probably several. Regrowing limbs would take more time, and they'd need to eat a lot to have material for me to use so their body isn't weakened by the process. That might actually take the longest of all. I know for a fact I can do at least one per day as I helped Yagoda, but I'm close to tapped out. So whatever you decided, you'd want to prioritize. Do you want able-bodied fighters, do you want to restore the youth of older soldiers, or do you want heal burns and such that are keeping otherwise fit people away from duty? Also, keep in mind that I'm not planning to stay here forever. I'm going to leave eventually to continue my journey."

Quietly, Pakku muttered, "Assuming you leave here."

I fixed the old man with a smile. "One."

He frowned as he met my gaze. "One what?"

"If you want my help, that's one concession you'll be making."

"And who do you think is going to enforce such a deal, hm? You presume you'll be allowed to leave with such a valuable skill. Keeping you here keeps it out of the hands of our enemies."

I shrugged. "You're right, you could keep me here. I'm not stupid. I can't fight my way out with an army of waterbenders and soldiers standing between me and the exit. But you can't compel me to help you. So really, the end result of that is the same as if you choose not to honor any deal. You can die old and bitter, and I'll outlive you. If you imprison me, I'll be young and strong a hundred years from now, and by then your descendants will have forgotten why they were even holding me. Eventually, their guard will slip and I'll escape. That's assuming the Fire Navy doesn't make a big push and take Agna Qel'a within the next few years, as some of the higher ups have been urging."

The old master sneered. "Who said you would live through the night?"

I scoffed. "We both know you won't kill me because I'm too valuable alive. As long as I'm alive, there's always a chance you might actually convince me to work for you, either through bribery or coercion."

"I think you would change your tune after a few nights in a cold cell."

"By all means, if you'd like to try, I can't and won't stop you. I won't fight. I'll go peacefully to whatever hole you want to stick me in. Or," I looked to Arnook, "we can be reasonable here and come to some sort of agreement. The choice is yours, chieftain. Unless Pakku is the one making the decisions?"

"He is not," Arnook murmured. Looking between Yagoda and Pakku, Arnook asked, "What do you propose?"

Yagoda grinned. "Yue, why don't you and Zuko go for a walk? Give us some time to talk. If you're still hungry, swing by the kitchen and get something."

Yue looked uncertainly at her father, who nodded. She stood and I followed her lead, letting her lead me from the room and down the hall. Once we were far enough away, she sighed quietly. "I'm sorry about that. Master Pakku…"

"Is old and set in his ways?" I sent her an amused look, and she chuckled.

"He cares for our people very much. He has also seen much fighting, between our peoples."

I nodded as she found a set of stairs leading up and we began to ascend. "I understand. I don't blame him. He's got a lifetime's worth of experience with the Fire Nation being the enemy. Doesn't mean I enjoy being on the receiving end." Blowing out an annoyed breath, I asked, "You've lived here your entire life. You've seen negotiations between your father and others before, right? How do you think it's going to go?"

"Hmm," Yue let out a quiet hum as she considered. "I can't say for certain."

"Best guess, then," I pushed, sending her a smile. "I won't hold you to it or be mad if it turns out you're wrong."

The white haired girl nodded and we left the stairwell. It emptied out onto a balcony that overlooked much of the city. Making out way outside, we leaned against a railing and I whistled quietly at the view. The light of the setting sun burned orange and pink, reflecting off the walls surrounding the city and down onto the homes below—casting the city into an odd play of light and shadow, and dim areas where light passed through enough ice to partially illuminate some places. A few buildings, closer to the southern, sea-facing wall, had already started to light torches as that entire area was now shadowed.

"I come up here every morning and evening, to watch the sun rise and set," Yue said quietly. Looking over and slightly up to me, she asked, "What were they like at your home?"

I shook my head. "You couldn't really see either from inside the caldera. By the time the sun was overhead, it was close to midday. Then we only had a few hours before it was back down. Most of the time in the caldera was spent in shadow. Likewise, seeing the moon at night was a rare treat. Most people there didn't bother, for obvious reasons, but I liked to stay up late during the times of the year when it would be visible just to see it."

"That," Yue murmured, looking around at the steep walls surrounding us, "sounds remarkably similar to Agna Qel'a, in some ways."

"Your walls are lower, but you don't get to really see the sun dip below the horizon because of your walls, yeah," I agreed. "The light show makes up for it."

She smiled, nodding once, and we fell into a companionable silence. After a while, Yue eventually asked, "Yagoda has already told you what will likely happen, hasn't she?"

"She gave me her thoughts on it, and what she plans to suggest. I want to hear what you think."

Yue sent me an inquisitive look. "Do you?"

"Well, yeah," I nodded. "You're the expert here. This is your country. They're your people. The chieftain is your father. If anyone can guess at his next move, it'll be you. I'd be an idiot not to ask for the opinion of the person closest to the ones making the decision, and a fool not to listen. Yagoda's just a healer and a meddlesome old woman, from what I can see. Someone respected in your tribe, but not the one calling the shots. She can only suggest. It's up to your father to decide."

A faint smile crossed her face and Yue looked away. "I think Yagoda is correct, in this. The traditional way is through marriage. I'm not quite of age for a suitor to propose yet, but I'm close enough that father would do it." Her hands clenched on the railing and she asked, "Is that what you want?"

"It takes two to tango," I countered. "What I want or don't want alone shouldn't be the sole deciding factor here. Your opinion matters and I'd like to hear it."

"Mm. May I hear yours first?"

"Alright. Listen. We've known each other for all of two days at this point, Yue. Yes, you're beautiful, and any man would be lucky to have you for that alone. But I'd like to get to know you better before we get to that point."

Her blue eyes stared into my gold as she listened intently, a bit of a blush on her face at being called beautiful, but she nodded to my point of wanting to get to know her better. "I would like that as well. To get to know you better, I mean," she clarified, smiling.

Sending her a grin, I added, "I mean, for all I know, you snore. That's a huge deal breaker for me. And I know I drool in my sleep, so if that turns you off, we're just not gonna make it."

The girl giggled, bringing a gloved hand up to cover her lips. "Yes, and I don't think I could marry a man who doesn't enjoy stewed sea prunes."

I made a face. "Yeah, that's not happening. I don't even like seafood all that much."

Yue gasped, making her eyes go wide as she fought down a smile. "To say such a thing in the heart of the northern water tribe? I should push you from this balcony myself!"

"Oh yeah, you'd smother me in my sleep the first time I told you your prunes were only okay," I grinned, and she stuck her tongue out, giggling. "We'd better go tell your dad to reconsider immediately."

We shared a quiet laugh and when Yue shifted beside me and bumped me with her hip, I lightly pushed back, until we were standing pressed against each other. After a few moments, a quiet sigh left her lips. "But my duty—"

"Forget duty," I shook my head. "What do you want? I'm not asking Yue, the water tribe princess. I'm asking Yue, the woman. If duty weren't a consideration, what would you want?"

Yue bit her lip, looking out over the city as the light began to dim. Eventually, she gave her answer. "Your stories of other places are so fascinating. I, I want to go. To see them for myself!" Her hands clenched the railing tightly. "I don't want to be trapped behind these walls for the rest of my life. I want to go out and see the world. I know it's dangerous, but other people take that risk every day and are just fine. I want to travel the Earth Kingdom and see the sights of Ba Sing Se. I want to visit our sister tribe in the south. And I want to see the place you called home."

Turning slightly, she met my eyes and continued, "I want to meet the sister you spoke of, and your friends." A frown crossed her face as her eyes shifted down to my chest. She'd had a pretty unobstructed view all day, so I had a good idea that the sight of my scar was still fresh in her mind. "Perhaps find your father and give him a piece of my mind."

"Let's not go inciting any international incidents, hm?" I chuckled, shaking my head. I honestly hadn't thought Yue had it in her to get that worked up over something, let alone someone who was effectively a stranger, but I had to admit that her angry face was kind of sexy. "Can't say I blame you for wanting to travel, though. The journey so far has mostly been wonderful. A bit lonely, though."

Yue nodded. "Making the journey alone wouldn't be as much fun as taking it with a companion." Raising an eyebrow, she asked, "Perhaps someone who could keep me safe?"

"Or you could learn to keep yourself safe," I grinned, playing obtuse and earning a pout in response. "If this deal goes through, that's what I'm going to demand of Pakku if he wants anything out of me. That he start training the women to do normal waterbending."

"Why?" Yue asked, curiosity in her voice. "I know you said yesterday that it just made sense to do so, but why would you push so hard for it yourself?"

I considered her for a few moments, trying to decide how to answer. Eventually, I shrugged. "They never found the Avatar, a hundred years ago. He, or she, escaped to somewhere. If there hasn't been a new one born in one of the water tribes yet, which we'd all know if there was, then he or she would be a very old airbender who may or may not have mastered other elements yet. Or suppose that airbender died, the waterbender after them died in some attack or by accident, and the next Avatar is an earthbender who doesn't know what they are yet. Or a firebender. Either way, they're going to need training. There's a fifty/fifty chance that they'll be female. If the Avatar wants to learn from the best, and happens to be female, then would Pakku teach them now?"

Nibbling at her bottom lip, Yue thought about it for a moment before giving her answer. "Perhaps. He might make an exception for the Avatar."

"And if I forced the issue and got him over that hurdle now, then he wouldn't complain if a female Avatar showed up on his doorstep in need of training a year from now," I pointed out, and Yue nodded. "Or if the cycle has already looped and the next Avatar is born tomorrow up here as a waterbender, then he won't cripple their development."

Nodding again, Yue asked, "Is that what you're doing? Searching for the Avatar?"

"It's one of my goals," I told a half-truth. I was pretty sure the Avatar was Aang and at the south pole, on ice. I was just putting off heading down there, partly in the hopes that he'd have thawed out by the time I got there, partly because I really did want to travel and have time to grow. "More of a side-project. If I find them, or evidence of them, that'd be nice. If not… well, the goal of the journey isn't the destination."

Footsteps from the direction of the stairs interrupted us before Yue could say anything and we turned to see one of the water tribe warriors walk up. He was young—or at least, the same age as myself and Yue. He wore the typical blue and white of the water tribe and had what looked like a whale bone sword strapped to his side. He had the typical dark hair and blue eyes of the water tribe, a particularly square jaw, and what I felt was a very punchable face—especially with the way his eyes trailed over Yue, before glaring at me.

"Princess, your father sent me to fetch you and our… guest," he said, before gesturing back towards the stairwell.

"Thank you, Hahn. We'll be down in a moment—"

"He said now," Hahn frowned.

I plastered a grin on my face and turned to Yue. "Wow, Yue. You didn't tell me you had a brother!"

"I don't," Yue shook her head, looking confused, and likely wondering where I was going with that.

"You don't?" I asked, playing up my supposed confusion. I jerked a thumb at Hahn. "So, this guy isn't the son of the chieftain? He must be someone important in the military or some master waterbender though, right?"

"No. Hahn is just a regular soldier in training," Yue shook her head, and from the corner of my eye, I saw Hahn's jaw and fists clench. "Why do you ask?"

"Well, it's just that from his attitude, it seems like he thinks he has some sort of authority to tell you what to do," I laughed, shaking my head. "I mean, could you imagine, a rank nobody trying to use your father's authority to boss you around? That sounds like career suicide to me."

"Enough—!" Hahn tried, but I spoke over him.

"I know that back in the Fire Nation, if some absolute nobody rank and file trainee came up to Princess Azula and took that kind of tone, there wouldn't be a body to bury."

"Is that a threat, Fire Nation?" the would-be soldier demanded.

I sent him a skeptical look. "Did it sound like one? In case you're confused, a threat sounds something like, If you don't fuck off, I'm going to burn your face off."

Hahn reached for his sword and Yue stepped between us. "Enough!" Taking a breath, she demanded, "Hahn, go tell father we'll be down in a minute."

"But—"

"Now Hahn."

Turning on his heel, Hahn stomped down the stairs. Yue waited until he was out of sight before spinning around and glaring at me. "And you!"

"You know you're sexy when you're angry?" I grinned. I thought she was some kind of wallflower. Your typical shut in princess type. Definitely liking this side to her.

Yue's anger guttered out like I'd doused her with cold water. She looked away, lips pulling into a pout. "You didn't have to antagonize him."

"No," I agreed, "but he was being a dick. And was I wrong?"

Yue blew out a breathy sigh. "No."

"You're a princess, Yue. I'm sure you know this, but there's a time to act like Yue, the woman and a time to act like Yue, the princess. If you let jackasses like that walk all over you, what's going to happen when you get older? If you married that clown, he'd be the one in charge of the tribe, not you—and forget being treated like a wife."

"I know," she nodded. "I just… don't enjoy it."

"Good." Yue sent me a confused look and I smiled, taking her elbow as I led her down the stairs, back to where the others were waiting. "The problem with royalty is that eventually, they get full of themselves. You're much more grounded than they are. You're aware of the duties and responsibilities, but from what I've seen, you don't even use, let alone abuse your power. You just need to stand up for yourself more and you'll be perfect."

"I see," she murmured, wrapping her arms around mine as we walked. We were nearly out of the stairwell when she asked, "Didn't you tell me that your sister's name is Azula?"

"I did, didn't I?" I sent her a smile.

Yue gave me the side-eye. "And the princess's name is also Azula."

"It is," I confirmed, nodding. "You see, the previous emperor before Ozai was Azulon, and Azula is the female form of that. It's considered bad form to name a child after a sitting Fire Lord, but naming them after a dead one is fine—even if it's only a day gone. Once the emperor died, it became a very popular name. Things are going to be very confusing in the academy in a few years, when they have an entire class of Azulons and Azulas—especially since we don't do family names in the Fire Nation, unlike some places in the Earth Kingdom."

Yue chuckled at that image even as she eyed me skeptically. "You've never told me, but how old is your sister, Zuko?"

I thought about it for a moment, trying to determine the date. "Twelve or thirteen. Her birthday should be soon. She's a year and change younger than me."

"And emperor Azulon died…?"

The door to the room adjacent to the kitchen came into sight and I sent her a grin as I put off answering until we got closer. Just before we entered, I said, "Oh, a few years back now."

Yue made a quiet, frustrated noise and glared at me as we entered and had to cut our conversation short. The others looked up at our entrance and Yagoda grinned. "I see you two are getting along," she leered, turning a pointed look on Arnook, who merely frowned.

Yue and I retook our seats and Arnook spoke up. "We've come to a decision."
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.
Now with Discord!​
Like LikeReport
Like Reactions:You, BloodGoat, Voltrasin and 2,484 others
sinereal
Apr 24, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 08
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
May 1, 2024
Add bookmark
#1,191
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
08
Sitting on the smooth, flat ice feature that was the waterbender training area, I watched the sky lighten as dawn approached. I was here to meditate, but at the moment, I was finding it difficult to focus as my thoughts kept wandering back over the events of the last two weeks.

True to my suspicions and Yue's guess, her father had made the offer to have Yue betrothed to me…
The words hung in the air for a moment and Yue's eyes sought mine out. A small, rueful smile pulled her lips upwards and she nodded. "I will—"

"How about," I held up a hand before she could finish and Yue fell silent, "you give us some time to decide on that?"

"Some time," Chief Arnook echoed, raising an eyebrow. "This is a… delicate political matter. Once word spreads, and it will, it could lead to problems that we, as a nation, do not need right now. I think it would be best for everyone involved if the matter were settled here and now."

Civil war. He means revolt. He's worried that if he doesn't lock me down, one of his local rivals will take the chance to do it himself, and probably won't be as willing to compromise. There's also the possibility of actual Fire Nation spies reporting it back home and prompting a response from 'father.'

A member of the Fire Nation discovering how to heal with fire? Yeah, they'd want that. That person betraying the Fire Nation to help the Water Tribe? They'd shit a brick. Learning that the person responsible is named 'Zuko?' I'm pretty sure Ozai would personally see the entire north pole melted down and the world flooded out of spite that he can't have it for himself.

Then again, it was always a possibility that they would send someone for me officially. Being able to do what I do and choosing to ally with the Water Tribe just bumps it up on the list of priorities.

"I understand that, but I'd like to have some time for Yue and I to get to know each other better and give her an actual say in all of this. If she doesn't want to, we could arrange something else."

Frowning, Arnook asked, "Yagoda tells us you are some kind of noble in the Fire Nations. Do they not instill the concept of obligation to your people there?"

"They do, and I understand it better than you probably think. My mother's marriage to my father was out of duty. She did her duty, obviously, but she was never happy with my father and it eventually destroyed our family. And yes, I know that you don't have to be happy for it to work. That the happiness of those involved isn't a consideration."

Arnook made to say something, only for his wife's hand to settle on his own. He turned to send her an inquisitive look and she smiled. "Perhaps a few days wouldn't hurt anything, dear?"

Pakku spoke up from the other side of the table. "If you're going to go through with this insanity, then it's best to get it done and over with quickly, chieftain. Even a few days would give the other chiefs time to plan and prepare."

"So, why not do something to dissuade them from acting rashly?" I asked, drawing their attention. I gestured at Pakku. "I imagine master Pakku here restored to his prime would be a pretty significant deterrent." The old waterbender smirked and I added, "After he agrees to start teaching everyone who can learn waterbending. Starting with Yue. Reading between the lines here, she's in danger now and will be in more danger when I eventually leave. I'd feel better about it if she could defend herself."

Pakku frowned, his jaw clenching. A frustrated breath escaped his nose before he nodded once and looked to Arnook. "That would shore up your position, for a time at least. Perhaps enough for them to make up their minds."

Arnook raised an eyebrow. "Pakku's personal feelings on the matter aside, it has been our way not to teach our women the combat arts since the time of Avatar Kuruk. Why should we change that now? I see the necessity of Yue learning, but if the unthinkable happens and the Fire Nation were to somehow invade, that would make them targets—"

"Kill the healer and officers first." Arnook went silent at my words. "Killing officers disrupts the enemy's ability to coordinate. Killing the person who can get your wounded back up and into combat is just as high a priority. That they don't know how to defend themselves makes them an even more appealing target. Giving them the ability to do so frees up some of the defenders you would have needed for that role to be used elsewhere. I'm not saying to put them on the front line—just to make it harder for a stray arrow the defenders miss to put one down for good."

"It sounds a bit more pressing, coming from the mouth of someone from the Fire Nation, instead of one of your own people who is just complaining about her lot in life, doesn't it?" Yagoda needled, her bitter tone hinting that this was a subject that had come up more than once and she'd likely been given exactly that answer.

"Whether you choose to allow everyone to learn is up to you, obviously," I tried to assure Arnook, "I just want Pakku's word that he won't refuse if that's what you decide, and for him to teach Yue, and possibly one other, later."

"Hoh? Have someone in mind?" Yagoda asked, curious.

I shook my head. "It's too early to say." Looking between Pakku and Arnook, I asked, "So, is that it? Does that settle things for now?"

The chieftain looked to his master waterbender, who nodded. "I believe so. You have a week to decide. Two at the latest. How soon can you restore Pakku?"

"I'll do it tomorrow."

Yagoda sighed. "Just what I wanted to see, a wrinkly old man. But I suppose, if I must."

"Also," I spoke up, remembering my own need for facilities, "I need somewhere I can practice. I don't want to accidentally burn anything down. And I'd like some time to observe the waterbenders, their practice, and Yue's training."

"Pakku, see it done," Arnook gave the order, and Pakku sent me a considering look.

"You could probably use a sparring partner and if I'm going to have my youth back, I would like to test myself against a firebender."

"I'm fine with that," I agreed.

With that, the meeting was over, and I made my way back to Senna's to rest.
The next day, Yagoda came by and fetched me bright and early. After a quick breakfast from the market, we made our way to the same area of the palace we had used to restore Yagoda, where we found Pakku waiting. The old man was a bit surly at being forced to strip, but eventually we got into the room and got ourselves situated, and I got the fire going.

Yagoda apparently enjoyed showing her restored youth off and gave me an eyeful every chance she got, but given that she was playing matchmaker for Yue, I was pretty sure it was just harmless fun on her part. That is, she liked being looked at and enjoyed her own share of looking, as she took any chance she got to eye me up.

I'd never felt more like a slab of meat than under that woman's eyes. I had a feeling that whoever she decided to eventually break her celibate streak with was going to end up with a limp that waterbending wouldn't cure.

Eventually, Pakku was finished, and in the old man's place was a young man with a head full of hair and a full beard, that he quickly used a razor and mirror made of ice to clean up before getting dressed. We parted ways for the day and I went to go find Yue and spend some time with her.
"Zuko? Where are you taking me?" Yue asked, curious as I led her to Senna's home—specifically, the canal beside it.

"Out," I grinned, my boat coming in sight.

"Out?" Yue asked, eyes going wide. "Out out?!"

"Out out," I confirmed with a grin, climbing into the boat and offering her a hand.

Yue practically leapt into the boat and I had to brace to keep from getting knocked down as she thumped into my chest, her arms wrapping around me. I eased her down into the seat beside me and laid a hand on the engine. It took a bit more juice than usual to get it running due to the cold, but eventually we were putting along at a respectable pace down the canal, towards the exit.

This time, they didn't bother with the big show. I wasn't surprised as, even with a legion of waterbenders on hand, it was wasteful. Instead, they opened a series of smaller openings in the walls and lowered the water in the lock system, before we made it out into open water.

Yue pulled off one of her gloves and her hand found mine as she looked around, wide eyed, as I navigated us through the ice bergs protecting the entrance to Agna Qel'a. We passed one of the ice barges the waterbender patrols used and, as soon as we went by, they began shadowing us—keeping enough distance to give us the illusion of privacy, but a reminder that it would be difficult at best to try to run away with the princess. They were also our escort, that I'd had to agree to have if I was going to take Yue outside the walls.

"It's beautiful," Yue whispered as we finally cleared the icebergs. "It looks so much smaller from the palace. I can't see nearly as far, either."

"It gets better," I promised as I turned the tiller westward and let go of Yue's hand, so I could deploy the sails. She watched as I got them into place and got us moving under wind power.

Yue stood and made her way to the cabin door. She sent me an impish look and ducked inside. Raising an eyebrow, I went in after her, to find her looking around. Taking off her other glove, she reached out and plucked a doll in an Earth Kingdom green dress off the shelf it was sitting on.

"I didn't take you for someone who collected dolls," she hummed, sitting down on one of the furs covering the bottom of the boat.

I took a moment to open the window slats enough to see, before warming up the second engine enough to knock the chill out of the cabin. As I did, I answered the unspoken question. "There's a story behind that, actually."

"Oh?" Yue looked up and smiled, her fingers going over the dress and hair appreciatively. Both were amazingly soft to the touch and the thing was of superb quality—I'd have expected nothing less from a gift from uncle.

"When we were younger, our uncle Iroh went to the Earth Kingdom."

Yue blinked at that, frowning minutely. "Wait…" Looking thoughtful, she asked, "Wasn't there a Fire Nation general who tried to get into Ba Sing Se a few years ago? The Dragon of the West?"

"Uncle Iroh was there," I confirmed. "He left when my elder cousin, Lu Ten, was killed." The girl looked at me skeptically and I smiled, continuing before she could ask further. "He got Azula and I presents and sent them just before the battle that killed his son. For me, he sent a pearl dagger, given to him by the opposing general who surrendered to him when they broke through the outer wall. It was beautiful, really. Pearl, with an inscription that read, 'never give up without a fight.'"

"Then this was…"

"For my sister, yeah. But Azula is not the kind of girl who likes dolls, or dresses, or most of the things a girl her age should like."

"So you traded."

"Well, I saw the dagger would mean more to her and I could tell by the look in her eyes that she was considering setting the doll on fire. So yeah, I swapped. It made her happy. Iroh got a good laugh out of it when he found out. That reminds me, I need to find her a sister while I'm here. I figure, if I collect one from each of the other nations, I can eventually give them all to her to tease her with a full set later, when I return."

Yue giggled and set it back on the shelf where she'd gotten it, before she began perusing the rest of my modest little collection of loot. "Where did you get all of this stuff?"

"Most of it came from pirates who tried to jump us as I was bringing Senna here. A few of the books and scrolls came from the western air temple, others from a couple of Earth Kingdom villages in the north, where I made a few stops before coming here."

Sighing, she thumped down onto the rugs, sitting cross-legged. "I wish I could join you. It sounds wonderful."

Humming quietly, I asked, "How hard would it be to convince your father to let you go with me?"

Yue gave a quiet laugh and shook her head. "Impossible. He almost lost me once, when I was born. I don't think it would be possible to convince him."

"What about your mother?" At Yue's questioning look, I continued, "Maybe she could convince him. Privately. He did say that there was a potential danger of the other tribes' leaders making a fuss. Maybe it would be better for you to leave for a while."

"Perhaps," she looked thoughtful, considering it. "But, I think she would only approve of it if we went through with the engagement. On the grounds of wanting to spend more time together before we were married." A smile crossed her lips. "Thank you, by the way. For giving me the choice."

"Like I said, if we do go through with it, I'd at least like us to be friends. Much easier to build a relationship from a friendship, or at least not resent each other."

"True," Yue nodded in agreement. Her tone became teasing, "I'm not sure, though… I don't even know who you really are. The mystery is fun, but I think that with father having made his decision, I'd like to know for certain."

"You sure? It's really boring."

"I'm sure," she nodded, her blue eyes boring into me expectantly.

With a resigned sigh, I sat up and assumed the formal posture expected of a prince addressing an equal. Yue reflexively shifted, tucking her knees under herself as she did likewise. "I am Zuko. Son of Ozai, the current Fire Lord, son of Azulon, the previous Fire Lord—and Ursa, granddaughter of Avatar Roku. Nephew of Iroh, the Dragon of the West. Brother to Azula, the first princess of the Fire Nation."

Yue's eyes grew progressively wider as I spoke, before a quiet gasp left her lips. "Oh."

I nodded and relaxed back against the hull. "Like I said, I'd much rather just be Zuko the wandering student."

Glaring at me, Yue reached out and smacked my knee. "You should have told me!"

"It's not something I just announce everywhere I go, you know. That would defeat the purpose of traveling incognito. And I'm telling you now, now that it's actually relevant." Grinning, I added, "Besides, your frustrated face was too cute to pass up."

"You insufferable man," Yue grumbled, crossing her arms over her chest as she pouted, a blush coloring her cheeks.

I gave her a few minutes to think, and sulk, as I checked outside to make sure we weren't going to run into anything. I ducked out of the cabin and found our escort keeping pace. I sent them a wave and adjusted the sails and tiller, tacking closer to the shore as the steep iceberg cliff faces bordering Agna Quel'a fell away for actual land and the first signs of wildlife.

"Zuko, get back in here," Yue called as I passed by the cabin heading towards the front of the boat.

"Give me a minute," I nodded, making a few more spot inspections before heading inside and sitting down.

Yue was silent for a few moments as she thought. Finally, she asked, "What are you planning?"

"Short term or long term?"

"Both."

"Short term, exactly as I said. Travel the world. See the sights. Study and learn where I can. Meet new people. Make friends and allies in different places, different nations. Keep an ear out for rumors or sign of the Avatar. Long term, eventually I'll have to return home and deal with my father, one way or another—preferably with as little bloodshed as possible. Assuming that ends in victory, I'll probably let my sister have the throne and act as advisor—but that one could go either way, depending on Azula's mood. End the war. Put those connections to good use trying to heal the rift between the Fire Nation and the rest of the world."

"Then that's all the more reason to go through with the betrothal," Yue leaned forward where she sat, staring into my eyes as her voice grew louder, more passionate within the confines of the metal cabin. "Don't you see? A Fire Nation prince and a Water Tribe princess being wed. The message that would send? We have an opportunity here to advance peace after the end of the war! We both have a duty to see it through!"

"I don't care about the message or duty if we would make each other miserable. It's not worth it."

Yue let out a frustrated little sound, her fists balling in her lap. She fell silent and stared at me for several moments, before asking, "Do I displease you?"

I blinked. "No? You seem like a genuinely good person. Someone I'd like to get to know better."

"Then I don't make you miserable?"

Seeing where she was going, I rolled my eyes. "We don't know each other well enough for you to, but I don't think you would."

Sitting up a bit straighter, she asked, "Then will you not trust my own judgment of your character? I don't believe I would be unhappy with you, Zuko."

"And we won't know that for sure without time spent together."

She huffed quietly. "You are arguing sentimentality over practicality, with the future of the entire world at stake."

I sent her a smile. "Maybe I'm just a romantic, who would put the happiness of his future wife over that of the rest of the world?"

"Then you're a fool!" Yue actually growled, before looking away. "…But that doesn't mean I don't appreciate the consideration. Thank you."

"Yup, that's me. Prince of fools," I chuckled, shaking my head. "We don't have to come to a decision right this minute. Restoring Pakku bought us some time. So, let's just keep doing things like this. Little dates and outings where we can spend time together, getting to know one another, away from prying eyes."

Yue bit her bottom lip, then nodded. "I'd like that."

"Great. You pick next time."

In the end, I found a nice spot to drop anchor and Yue and I moved back out onto the deck, where we sat and watched the sun set and the moon rise together, before we turned around and made our way back to Agna Qel'a.
The very next morning, I made my way up to the training area, an hour before sunrise. I spent the time warming up and going through my usual exercises, before moving on to practicing with my swords, before settling down to meditate as the sun rose.

I had noticed it before, but it was even more obvious here in the north, where it was much harder to firebend—where the environment itself was adversarial to my presence. The rise and fall of my power with the sunrise and sunset was even more pronounced, making it much easier to focus on and draw from. Sitting beside Yue and holding her hand, I had felt the waxing of her own power with the moonrise.

One rises and sets with the sun, the other with the moon…

I felt like I was getting close to something, the more I thought on it. I let the thought percolate while I worked through my firebending exercises, shifting the color of my flames through what I had learned from the dragons as I went.

Pakku eventually showed up with Yue in tow. As I'd expected, the sparring match that followed was downright nasty. Thankfully, neither of us was trying to kill the other, or I'd be dead. So would Pakku, but that was a pyrrhic victory at best.

The formerly old man was good—very good. The only thing that gave me any kind of edge was my speed and maneuverability thanks to jet-stepping. He hadn't been expecting it and it was so far outside the norm for a firebender that it kept him far enough on the back foot that it wasn't an entirely one-sided affair.

For my own part, finally getting some experience fighting another bender of a different element was nice. Even just studying his tactics and techniques as we fought was giving me ideas for how to hone my own style and tactics against possible future encounters.

For one thing, I'd need to develop some way of punching through physical defenses that didn't use so much power that I was left winded after, or take so much windup time that it gave the enemy time to launch a counterattack. I already had the beginnings of some theories, based on things I had read in the air temple about the airbender styles, I just needed to do a little reviewing and field testing…

The biggest draw of the morning was getting to watch Pakku teach Yue, and then the practice session when the rest of his students showed up. Yue already had some of the basics down thanks to using waterbending for healing, so it didn't take her long at all to start moving water around and flicking around a water whip and making improvised ice shields.

As I watched the later practice of the other students, I let my mind wander as I focused on their movements, trying to work out how to apply what I was seeing to firebending. The fundamental problem I saw was that waterbending used an actual physical medium in the form of water. It had mass and substance behind it. Any physical force imparted by firebending was typically concussive, in the form of an explosion, or came in the form of thrust such as when I used jet-stepping or used fire to cut.

Firebending was actually a lot closer to airbending than any other element in that way, because it depended on moving and igniting air in the atmosphere for a lot of things. As uncle Iroh liked to say, firebending was all in the breath.

It was a stray thought that changed my whole perspective on applying waterbending to firebending. As the sun rose behind the waterbenders and their water caught the light, I realized that I had actually seen fire move like water—more than once, in fact.

The first, and most obvious, was any sort of flammable liquid spreading. Gasoline moving as it burned. Oil burning on water from oil spills. There were plenty of examples to look to.

The second was from memories of footage taken of the sun itself—specifically, solar flares. The way the surface of the sun seemed to move like liquid in all the videos I remembered seeing.

I felt like I was a hair away from figuring it out when Yagoda interrupted my meditation and playing with a green fireball between my hands that had begun to swish and slosh back and forth…

"Zuko, boy!"

I blinked, looking away from the deformed sphere of fire in my hands as I let it dissipate. "Yagoda. Morning."

"Afternoon, actually," the woman smirked. "You've been up here for a while."

My stomach grumbled and I shrugged. "I guess I have. Did you need something?"

"Just meddling," the troublemaker grinned. "Come on, we don't have all day. We need to get this done, while Yue's occupied."

I pushed myself to my feet and followed the healer, my eyes idly wandering down to her hips and idly remembering exactly how shapely she was under those robes. Shaking the thought off, I asked, "What are we doing?"

"It's more what you'll be doing. And you'll see," Yagoda gave a non-answer as she led us down to the market.

I followed along, taking in the sights and occasional dirty looks as we went—but it seemed that with Yagoda there, whatever comments they might have had, people kept them to themselves. "You still haven't made up your mind, have you, boy?"

"It's going to take some time, Yagoda."

"We'll see about that," she murmured, giving me the side eye. "Better to be prepared for when you do, though."

"Assuming we do," I allowed, "what did you have in mind?"

Yagoda fell silent for a few minutes, until she pushed aside a fur door, leading into a small shop. Inside were display cases made of ice, and beneath the clear ice, a selection of blue gems. Nearby, in a separate case, were lengths of ribbon in various colors. Recognizing the material, I looked to Yagoda. "Is that…?"
"Blue jade. For making an engagement necklace," the meddlesome woman smiled as another woman exited the back of the shop.

"Oh? Is someone getting—oh!" the woman gasped upon seeing me.

"Now, now. Don't make a fuss," Yagoda chuckled. "Zuko here is just another customer."

"I, um, very well. Who's the, ah, lucky lady?" the saleswoman asked nervously.

Yagoda latched onto my side, pulling my arm around her shapely hip. "Can't you tell?"

"Congratulations," the clerk managed to force out.

"Now, dear Zuko," Yagoda leered up at me. "Why don't you pick out something you think I'd like, hmm?"

Nodding, I began perusing the pre-cut blanks as the clerk gestured and the ice covering the displays melted away so I could handle them. They were all roughly the same size and shape, with a smooth exterior that spoke of most likely having been cut with waterbending. The only real difference between them was in their color, ranging from a blue so dark as to be almost black to so light as to be nearly white and even a few that were almost as transparent as glass, and their impurities, with some being nearly pristine and others having flecks of white that looked like snowflakes.

"So," I glanced at Yagoda, before turning my attention back to the blanks. "What am I supposed to do with one of these?"

"You carve it into whatever shape and pattern you feel best represents the woman you're marrying," the clerk answered, sounding happy to be on familiar ground. "We sell tools here, if you need them."

I considered for a moment, before asking, "Do you have some waste chips? I'd like to test, if you don't mind?"

At that, the woman raised an eyebrow, before smiling. "Actually, yes! I'd love to see that! I'll be right back."

Only a few moments later, she came back with several irregular chunks of the same gemstone and raised a table of ice to place them on. "Here we are."

I created a flame on my fingertip and the clerk and Yagoda both crowded in close to watch. Bringing the fire in close, I slowly and carefully began increasing its potency. "I'm trying to see if I can find the melting point. If I can…"

"You'll need something to manipulate it. One moment," the clerk nodded and hurried off, before returning with some tools—what looked like a small pick and scalpel.

"How do you normally cut this stuff, without waterbending?" I asked as the color of the fire I was putting out shifted up to cherry red and the gem had yet to start to deform.

"Most people use a knife or hammer and small chisel. It takes a lot of very delicate work to get a good design."

"The best necklaces come from waterbenders," Yagoda nodded. "Much easier to do what you want with water than a chisel."

I nodded and increased the fire's output up to orange. Finally, I saw the surface begin to melt. Taking the tools from the clerk, I cut off the flame and began drawing in the material. It took a bit of practice, but eventually I figured out just how hot I needed to get it so that it was softer than taffy but not entirely liquid yet—so that I could actually manipulate the material and not have it become runny or mess up—and how much force I needed to use with the tools to make the sorts of designs I wanted.

"That's amazing," the clerk breathed as I finished up making an intricate wave pattern in the latest chip. Her eyes went wide and she snapped her fingers. "Wait, do you think you could melt them down and fuse them together?"

"Sure," I nodded. "Getting it to liquid isn't too much further off of what I was doing already. Why do you ask?"

"Obviously, blue jade is highly sought after, especially outside of the Water Tribe. When we carve out blanks, we always try to make as little waste as possible, but sometimes we just can't help it. There's always some left over, but the pieces are usually too small to do anything with. But we keep all the waste, so… If you could melt down a few blanks for us, I'll gladly let you take one for free. I'll throw in a band, fastener, and the tools as well!"

I looked to Yagoda, who grinned. "That sounds like a steal to me."

"Yeah, sounds good," I agreed. Thinking about what I was going to carve, I asked, "Do you know where I could find some silver and gold?"

"We have some here for clasps. I'll gladly give you some for more blanks!"

"Hoh? Have something in mind already, Zuko?"

"I think so," I nodded, remembering my thoughts from earlier in the day, about the sun and moon. "We'll see how it works out."
Unfortunately, my time in Agna Qel'a would be coming to an end soon, thanks to the machinations of old men and the jealousy of young fools…
Last edited: May 1, 2024
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.
Now with Discord!​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:BloodGoat, Voltrasin, VialLemon and 2,404 others
sinereal
May 1, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 09
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
May 8, 2024
Add bookmark
#1,315
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
09
I watched Yue move as she and Pakku sparred. She had improved at a frankly phenomenal rate since she first started learning how to waterbend for combat. Honestly, it was kind of scary how fast she picked it up. She had a real affinity for it. Of course, given her connection with the moon spirit, that wasn't exactly a stretch of the imagination.

There were still some areas where she could use improvement, of course. Namely, Yue fought like a caster instead of what amounted to the mini-cultivators that benders were. She didn't like to move much, if at all. Unfortunately she was strong enough that Pakku couldn't actually force her to move, and Pakku himself leaned towards the caster fighting style, possibly due to his age, so it wasn't a lesson she was picking up. She was getting much, much better at static defense and offense, and her control of any water in her vicinity, but what she was missing was a vital part of bender combat.

She just needs more practice, I mused, my hands slipping into my pockets as I watched. Finding the smooth, warm surface in my right pocket, my thumb ran over it, feeling the designs on the face and the subtle differences in blue jade, silver, and gold as it warmed a bit more to my touch.

The little necklace was always warm to the touch now. I'd been experimenting a bit with it, using both fire and energybending, and it had a piece of my chi stuck inside it. This close, I could barely feel it, but if I set it down and walked away from it, I could close my eyes and point to it anywhere in the city—like knowing where my own arm was.

I had finished my little project making Yue's necklace and was happy with the result. We were coming up on the end of the two weeks we had been given to make a decision by Yue's father and I was willing to take the dive. At the very least, going this route would buy a bit more time for Arnook, as it would solidify his position among the chiefs, and we wouldn't have to worry as much about a potential civil war breaking out.

Now, if Yue can convince her mother to let her take a little trip away from home for a while, I mused as I watched the beautiful woman move, flowing through her waterbending forms.

Letting go of the necklace, I moved my hands into my lap and conjured a ball of green fire, slowly bouncing it from one hand to the next as I studied her. The way her movements flowed. The weight behind the water she used. As I did, my mind wandered to thoughts of oil on water…

The fireball in my hands shifted from a bounce to a roll as the movements of the flame became more fluid. It slowly built, gaining a modicum of substance to it, until it felt more like rolling water between my hands in the tub. Until eventually… it splashed. I cursed quietly and extinguished the fireball, then patted out the droplets that had started to catch on my pants. Once I was sure I wasn't about to burn myself, I made another fireball.

Eventually, her practice for the day ended and I stood up, brushing my pants off. Yue smiled, saying a quiet thanks to Pakku for the instruction, before making her way over. "How about we get out of here?"

"Out, or out?" Yue asked with a smile.

"Out out," I confirmed, and she nodded happily.

I had come prepared and my boat wasn't parked too far away, so we didn't have far to walk before we were seated and moving through the canals at a decent clip. Now that she could, Yue took great pleasure in using her own bending ability to open up holes in the walls for us, then closing them behind us, as we made our way down through the locks. We made it outside the wall and I cut the engine. We could see the ice bergs hiding waterbender patrols ahead of us and there were guard towers on the wall behind us, but at the moment we were hidden by those same ice bergs and too close to the wall for either group to see us.

"Let's go right this time," I said quietly, and Yue nodded as I turned the tiller to move us to starboard and Yue began using easy back and forth motions in her seat beside me to move us along silently. Standing, I moved over to my lowered mast and got ready to raise it, as I kept an eye out for the watch towers. We moved past the ice jutting out from wall and around the bend, out of sight of the wall.

"Well? How was it?" Yue asked, just as quietly.

"Sight line from the wall is spotty if we stay close to the cliff. Only the far observation tower has eyes on us and since it's lunch time, they're busy," I confirmed, raising the mast and deploying the sails. "You tired at all?"

"Nn," she shook her head as she stopped bending and the sails caught the wind. "I'm fine."

This was our little secret, and the plan we had worked out together since first leaving the walls in the boat. On our second date, Yue took me on a romantic moonlit stroll along the top of the wall, where we had ourselves a nice little picnic and I heated food and tea for us, while we took in the sights. It was as we sat there, staring out at the moon hanging over the ocean, that Yue again voiced her thoughts on simply leaving with me. Training from my time with the Yuyan archers kicked in and I found myself observing sightlines, guard rotations along the wall, and the much reduced waterbender patrol presence out on the water—with only two boats instead of the usual six to eight they kept during the daytime.

From there, we had begun using our dates to plan a hypothetical escape, if we wanted to leave in a hurry. When we went out on my boat, we used the time to survey the area around the wall outside the city. On Yue's dates, we walked around the outskirts of the city, climbing to the top of the inner walls with the help of Yue's waterbending to make a path, to look out over ice sheet the city was carved into and at the waterfall pouring down. From there, we had begun to make a plan, just in case her father nixed the idea of Yue traveling with me.

"What do you think?" Yue asked as I settled down beside her.

"It's going to be safer to stow the boat out here and walk up and over, than to try to leave by the front gate."

"The ice sheet is dangerous, but think you're right. We won't be going out far anyway. If we plan our route now, it should be fine," Yue smiled at me.

"Great. As soon as we're out of sight of those icebergs, let's find a place to park. Oh, and before I forget," I reached into my pocket and pulled out the necklace I'd made for her.

Yue's eyes went wide as she took it and turned it over, examining it intently. The stone blank I had chosen matched the blue of her eyes. I had carved waves into the outside, giving the impression of a whirlpool, with the only irregularity being slits at the left and right side, where the ribbon that would go around her neck threaded through. In the center circle, I had carefully etched in a scene of the moon in all of its phases over ocean waves—with the center, full moon eclipsing the sun behind it. The moon phases I had scooped out and filled with silver, while the sun was a ring of gold around the silver of the moon. As for the ribbon, for that I'd chosen a nice, Fire Nation approved shade of red. I figured, if people were going to be pissy about the engagement when they heard about it anyway, we might as well flaunt it.

"It's beautiful," Yue whispered, before handing it back to me and turning around, gathering her hair up away from her neck.

Seeing her intent, I tied it in place. "Too tight?"

"A little tighter," she requested, and I pulled the little bit of slack I'd left in it closed, before tying it in place. Yue made herself a mirror out of ice and beamed a happy smile as she took in her reflection. "I love it."

It wasn't long after that when I turned us towards the cliff and brought the sails in, then lowered the mast. Yue brought us the rest of the way in to the cliff, before standing up. Her arms came up, then down, and a large section of ice flowed down into water, leaving behind a hollow just large enough for the boat. She turned us around and carefully backed us in, before raising a thin sheet of ice over the opening to hide my boat.

I provided a ball of light for us to see by using energybending, then Yue froze the rest of the water in the cave. We stepped out onto solid ice and she quickly began making a set of stairs upwards, with a rail along the side to hold onto, as we ascended up out of the newly made artificial cave. After a bit of a walk, we made it up to the surface and into the too bright sunlight, blinding as it was reflected off of the ice sheet. I dispelled my ball of chi and Yue took a moment to mark the location of our hidden stairwell, raising a couple of pillars of ice that looked like they might be natural.

"Alright, let's keep back from the edge here," I said, moving us a few yards inland from the edge so we wouldn't silhouette ourselves. Then, it was an hour or so trek through the snow with Yue walking at my side, arm in arm, creating a big divot in the ice that led to the edge of the cliff, all the way back to the basin Agna Qel'a was dug into.

We approached from the north, where the waterfall fell into the spirit oasis, with Yue making us a path down through the ice that came out at the back of the oasis, which she hid as soon as we were through. Once we were out, I took a look around the warm, green area and whistled quietly.

"Amazing."

"It is," she smiled. "Come see," she gestured for me to follow.

I did and she led me to the moon shaped spring in the heart of the oasis, sitting down on her knees on the grass in front of it. I dropped down beside her and took in the two fish there—one black with a white spot on its head, the other white with a black spot on its head.

"I like to come here, when I want to be alone," Yue murmured.

I reached out and took her hand in mine and the girl smiled. "We had a pond back home that the koi and turtle-ducks shared, and I liked to sit and feed them."

"You'll have to show me."

"Absolutely," I agreed with a chuckle, before shifting my attention to the fish as Yue leaned against my side and we fell into a comfortable silence together. They provided no sudden revelations or inspiration as I studied them and thought on applying waterbending elements to firebending. After all, I already understood the complex interplay of gravitational forces between planetary bodies and water, leading to tidal forces, waves, shifts and movement within the planet itself, wind, and more.

Although, I mused, that might be the best way to start it out. Like a tide rushing in, carrying an oil slick on fire…

"Zuko?"

"Hm?" I hummed in question, turning to Yue—just in time to catch her lips as they pressed into mine.

"Mm~," the girl smiled against my lips.

The kiss was chaste but sweet, as Yue explored and I teased her lips. The white-blonde girl's eyes opened as she broke the kiss, resting her forehead against mine. "That was… very nice."

"Only nice?" I chuckled. "Ouch. I'll have to work on that. Can't leave you with just 'nice.'"

Yue raised an eyebrow as a blush dusted her cheeks. "I'd like that."

Sighing, I pushed myself up to my feet and offered Yue a hand up. "Come on, we should get back before they send a search party. We've already been out of sight too long. And if we stay here, I'm going to do what they likely suspect we slipped off to do."

"What's that?" Yue asked, sending me an innocent, confused look.

I met her eyes and grinned, wagging my eyebrows. "More than just 'nice.'"

"Oh!" she gasped, covering her lips with a hand as she giggled. "They'll think we—?!"

"You're wearing that," I pointed to the necklace plainly visible for all to see, "and we were alone together. Actually, probably a good thing if they do. Better than suspecting what we were actually up to. In fact…"

"Hm?" she hummed curiously as I reached up and carefully pulled her hair out of the loop she kept it in, handing her the hair ornament she used to keep it in place. Her long, white hair fell down her back, leaving it straight in the back and in the two braids she kept as the front. A little playing with it had it just out of sorts enough to give the wrong impression.

"There you go. You look properly mussed now."

Yue's blush grew, but she captured my arm in hers and pressed herself into my side. With a nod and a smile, she said, "Then I may as well act the part."

She really is too cute.

We left the oasis and I walked Yue back to the palace, dropping her off so I could go see about gathering some supplies, now that the merchants were actually taking my coin. As I left however, I spotted Hahn as Yue passed him, the other man's eyes falling to Yue's throat, then tracking to me as a look of rage passed over his face. I turned my back on him and left.

Let's not be here when he decides to make a nuisance of himself. I need to see about restoring Senna, then make sure she knows to have a bag packed, because we're probably going to leave in a hurry.
"I never thought I'd say this to one of you, but thank you," the soldier whose scars I'd just healed nodded brusquely, before leaving the room.

"Could've done without the preface," I sighed, earning a chuckle from Yagoda.

"They're warming up to you. Give them time, my boy."

Nodding, I stretched and stood, then offered Yagoda a hand up, which she took. "I'm going to go visit Yue."

"I saw that necklace you gave her. Very nice," the meddlesome woman grinned. "I've never seen her this happy before."

"That's kind of sad."

"Water under the bridge," Yagoda dismissed. A frown pulled her lips down as we left the area we'd been using to treat patients. "What isn't is little Hahn's reaction."

"He's a nobody," I shrugged.

"He's got some important friends, and now that word has come out about the betrothal, several of the other chiefs are protesting and trying to offer alternatives. They want our princess married to one of our own, because they fail to grasp the bigger picture."

I raised an eyebrow, sending the woman beside me a curious look. "What do you think that is?"

Yagoda sent me an amused look. "Zuko, my boy. Who do you think Yue confides in, here? Her mother and myself."

"So she told you."

"Just so," Yagoda nodded, before sending me a leer. Quietly, she murmured, "If I didn't think it'd break her heart, I'd take my shot. It's not every day you can say you bagged a prince, you know?"

Chuckling, I shook my head. "You don't want me. I'd drive you crazy inside a week."

"Who said anything about keeping you? I'd settle for a romp in the sack at this point. Suddenly being young again has awakened things I'd thought I'd long forgotten. Unfortunately, of all the young men who call this place home, I delivered most of them and they all know me as an old woman." Humming, she smiled and said, "Maybe I'll take a trip down south and visit our sister tribe. See if I can't find some handsome young buck to break in…"

"I'm heading that way eventually," I offered, and Yagoda shook her head.

"I appreciate the offer, but you and I? Together? On a boat, in the middle of the ocean, with nothing to do? I'd break poor Yue's heart inside a fortnight, wearing a groove in your hips." I laughed and she giggled. "You think I'm joking."

"No, I'm pretty sure you're not. That's what makes it funny."

We came to an intersection and paused. "Alright, go show Yue a good time. And remember, keep an eye out for Hahn. That boy's too ambitious by far."

"I will. Thanks for the warning, Yagoda," I nodded and went on my way. I found Yue in the usual place, waiting for me with a smile looking out from the balcony at the sea. "So, what have you got planned for our date today?"

"You'll see," the girl winked, taking my arm and leading me back through the palace and outside. She stopped only to collect a picnic basket, which I wound up carrying. I recognized the route she was taking and quickly realized we were going out to the front wall again.

Sure enough, we soon stepped out on top of the wall and Yue took us out to the middle of it, where we'd be out of the way of the few patrolling soldiers and where we wouldn't be overheard by them where they were spending most of their time in their posts, sheltered from the wind. Yue let go of my arm long enough to gesture and create a bench, then opened up the basket and took out a couple of blankets. One, she threw over the top of the ice for us to sit on, while the other she pulled over us when we sat.

I tried to take a peek in the basket only to have her pull it away and set it to the side. "You'll see later."

"Alright then, keep your secrets," I chuckled, putting an arm around her shoulders as she pressed herself into my side. Making sure the guards weren't watching or close enough to overhear, I quietly asked, "Did you pack?"

"Mm," Yue confirmed with a nod. "I did what you said. I went to the market with Yagoda and bought a new set of clothes. I've never worn anything so tight before. It's kind of embarrassing," she murmured.

"I'm sure it'll look fine," I assured her. "But you needed something you can move and fight in, and robes don't really cut it."

"I know," she sighed. "I also got everything else on the list. Did we need so much food? And why wine?"

"I'd rather have the option for something other than fish for a while. As for wine, alcohol is a universal trade good. It also helps loosen tongues, if you share some around a campfire."

"I see," the girl nodded. "When are we leaving?"

"Soon. I want to tell your father I'm leaving one day, then have us leave the night or so before. That way we've got a twelve hour head start—"

I cut off at the sound of boots approaching. Yue and I turned to find an unpleasantly familiar face storming up to us—Hahn, flanked by a few of his buddies. Warriors and waterbenders both, from what I could tell. We stood to face them, Yue frowning at their approach and lifting her chin, exposing her necklace. From the way Hahn's face went red and his jaw clenched, he apparently saw it.

Hahn and his cronies stopped a few feet from us. "Fire Nation!"

"Water Tribe," I nodded, and he and his friends looked taken aback for a moment, unsure if they should take that as an insult given I hadn't spat it the way Hahn did. "What do you want?"

Hahn quickly gathered his wits however, as he was reminded of his reason for being here. "I'm here to challenge you for Princess Yue."

"No," I denied immediately. "Even if I wanted to, and I don't, the matter's settled. There are bigger things at play here than you and me, or even Yue."

"It's true," Yue confirmed. "My duty to the tribe—"

"Shut up, woman! This is a matter of honor between men!" Hahn cut her off, before fixing his gaze back on me. "Just you and me. A duel between swordsmen. Sunup tomorrow. Or are you too much of a coward to face me, without your precious firebending? Is that sword you carry around just for show—a trinket that daddy gave you, that you didn't earn, noble boy?"

Yue's hand squeezed mine hard enough to pop my knuckles as she took a deep breath, her eyes closed as Hahn spoke. When she opened them, those pretty eyes were ice cold. She gestured and Hahn yelped as he found himself encased up to his mouth in ice.

"Hahn," Yue began, her quiet voice strained with her anger. "I will not marry you. Not now, not ever. Tradition be damned. And if you ever speak to me like that again, they'll need to sweep the frozen chunks up to bury you. I am a princess and you are one of the soldiers under my command, not the other way around. Now, leave us. You can expect me to report this rank disrespect and insubordination to your commanding officer. I'll leave it to him to think of an appropriately creative punishment for you."

Yue's gaze shifted to Hahn's friends, who were now looking unsure. "Take him and go. Now."

I felt Yue's body trembling through her hand as they turned and the waterbenders detached Hahn's icy prison from the ground before pushing it away. When they got to the stairs leading down, one of them removed the ice and they hauled him down quickly, out of sight. I turned to Yue with a smile. "I've said it before, but you're sexy when you're angry."

Yue let out a quiet breath and turned, burying her face in my chest. I caught a glimpse of tears in her eyes before she hid them as she clung onto me and trembled silently. "I'm glad you think so."

I hugged her, rubbing her back. "Let me guess. Jitters?"

"Mm," she nodded, clutching me tightly. "I've never done something like that."

"I figured. Didn't take you for the threatening type."

Yue giggled and looked up, her eyes a little red as she smiled up at me. "I just asked myself, what would Princess Azula do?"

"Oh, that's a bad idea. You really shouldn't take inspiration from my sister."

"You said it was sexy," Yue pouted.

"Oh, it was," I agreed. "But Azula doesn't threaten. She would've torched him on the spot."

Yue stuck her tongue out before putting her face back in my chest. "He's not going to back down now. I know Hahn. He'll find you tomorrow, regardless of what I've said."

"Alright. That's it, then," I nodded. "We'll leave tomorrow night."

Yue frowned up at me. "Why not tonight?"

"Two reasons. Firstly, it gives me a plausible reason to need to leave in a hurry, assuming I win—which I plan to."

"He's going to cheat. He'll have his friends with him."

"Yep. That's why you're going to get master Pakku to show up a little early to watch the whole affair, out of sight. If his friends interfere, I'm going to cut loose, and I want to be sure no one thinks I'm actually trying to kill them."

Yue nodded. "And the second reason?"

"Personal. I'd like to settle the score. Hahn's buddies were in that little crowd at the market, waiting to jump me, so there's a good chance he was probably there somewhere. I recognize a few of them."

"I see," the princess murmured.

"Come on, we should probably get back. I need to let Senna know—"

"No!" Yue shook her head. When I sent her a questioning look, she glared up at me. "I worked hard to cook something myself and I want you to try it."

"Sure," I chuckled, gently pushing her towards the bench. "Let's see what you made, then."

The smoked arctic hen was juicy and delicious, the small loaf of bread dark, fluffy, and sweet, and mushrooms that I politely tried but ultimately left to Yue—to her amusement.
And that brings us to Hahn trying to kill me, under the guise of a duel…

"Well, Fire Nation? Are you ready? Or are you too afraid to fight me?"

I sighed, taking a last moment to look at the sunrise before pushing myself to my feet and turning to find my challenger waiting. Hahn stood in the middle of the practice area wearing a smug grin on his punchable face, one hand resting on the hilt of his sword. Amusingly, his head had been shaved bald at some point between when I had last seen him and now. A mixed group of eight other waterbenders and warriors around his age had formed a circle around the perimeter of the practice area.

"Hahn, you don't have to do this, you know? It's pointless. It won't accomplish anything. The decision's already been made and it's out of your hands," I tried one last time to convince him to back down.

"Tch. That's what you think, Fire Nation. I'll beat you and show Chief Arnook that I'm the one who should be with Yue!"

I nodded, moving into the center of the circle to join him. "Suppose you win. Do you have the power to restore limbs? Remove scars? Make the elderly young and fit again?"

"No," Hahn looked confused. "None of that means you get to steal Yue from me!"

"She was never yours to steal," I shook my head, before pulling my sword. "Alright, let's get this over with."

Hahn drew his sword and charged with a roar.

Hahn's form was shit as he came in swinging wildly, all brute force, no finesse, looking to cave my chest in with his whalebone sword. I slid backwards on the ice, letting the swing go wide before coming in with a strike of my own, catching him diagonally, low and left left to high right across the chest and ripping his jacket. I felt the pull of flesh beneath the blade and Hahn yelped, jerking back as I pursued him with the follow up swing, right to left aiming for his stomach as he frantically brought his sword up.

Hahn wasn't incompetent, unfortunately. His anger had just pushed him into acting rashly in those first moments. With the realization that I wouldn't cave under the initial assault and wasn't just some unskilled noble brat he could beat like a rug, Hahn got his shit together and quickly mounted a defense and counter attack, knocking my swing aside and coming in with a thrust for my chest.

I spun with the momentum, stepping out of the range of the thrust as I split my sword. The left came around, catching his blade with a dull thunk and holding it in place as I forced him into a blade lock. It wouldn't hold for long given that he was using both hands and I was only using one, and even without being a bender all of their warriors could use chi to enhance themselves. Thankfully, it didn't need to.

The sword in my right hand came around following it as I completed the twist and Hahn's eyes went wide as he realized the danger, jerking his head back and trying to backpedal. I followed but he got enough range that the strike didn't take his head and only swiped across his face, tearing a very straight line from his left cheek, under his nose and through the corner of his lips, before catching on his opposite cheek and leaving a ragged gash as the skin folded before the blade pulled through.

Hahn yelled, spitting blood as he backed away. "What are you waiting for?! Help me!"

The battle shifted immediately as four waterbenders attacked as one and the four warriors lowered their spears, getting ready to strike. The ice under my feet shifted, turning from rough to smooth as glass in an instant. A rolling wave passed through the ice from my right, forcing me to jump over it or be thrown, at the risk of slipping on the landing. A water whip flicked at my midsection while a torrent of sharp ice spears fell from above and more rose from below.

With the intervention of Hahn's friends, all bets were off, and this farce of a 'duel' was over.

I caught my myself in the air, jet-stepping into a spin as I conjured fire to my blades. It built slower than normal fire based attacks, but what came out was worth it. A wave of green fire rolled over the practice area. The waterbenders tried to shield themselves—either with ice or by pulling up waves of water, while the warriors hit the deck, trying to dive under it.

Fire hit ice and water and, instead of dissipating, rolled around them—flaming oil rolling across water. Worse, trying to disrupt it sent it splashing over the area, droplets flying everywhere and sticking where they landed, like napalm, burning brightly as they clung to skin, hair, clothes, ice weapons, and whatever surface they found purchase on.

They panicked and the screams started as clothes caught fire. I landed, planting my swords in the ice as the smooth surface melted beneath my feet, leaving tracks where I stepped as I made my own footing. I turned, directing the fire as I began the first steps of the hybrid fire/water bending form I had been working out in my head from my time observing the waterbenders.

Green fire surged, turning in on itself in a spiral around the platform—a whirlpool. Clothes flared brightly as they burned, before turning to ash. Those few metal weapons and jewelry they wore glowed red hot and were either dropped, or burned patches into flesh. Bone weapons shattered under the heat. Steam rose, shrouding the platform and leaving the surface covered in an inch or more of water as it went from a platform to a bowl—that is, everywhere but the center, the eye of the firestorm where I stood on a platform of ice starting to sweat in the heat.

When I finished stepping through the last few movements, I let the fire dissipate and took in my handiwork.

Eight men lay sprawled out, naked aside from a coating of ash and insensate but whole, in a puddle of quickly cooling water. Even Hahn's wounds were gone without a trace. Looking down, I found a pattern of footsteps melted into the ice and hummed as I studied them for a moment.

Need to tighten up the last part of the spiral there.

"They're not dead, I take it."

Looking up, I found Pakku and Yue approaching, Pakku taking in the scene dispassionately and Yue looking away from the naked men. Shaking my head, I picked up my swords, put them back together, and slipped them back into their sheath. "Nope. Green fire only."

"Why are they like this?" the old man asked, curious. "I remember the first few moments being engulfed in it, before Yagoda put me to sleep. It just felt warm."

"Ah, well. As I keep telling people. Clothes burn. Metal gets hot."

He took in their nude, ash-covered forms again before a quiet, "Ah," left his lips and he nodded. "I see. You should speak with Arnook. I'm afraid to say that after this incident, you've likely worn out your welcome for the time being. At least, until tempers have time to cool. But first…"

Pakku created a slab of ice nearby. "Show me what you did with that fire. It moved less like fire and more like…"

"Like oil spilled on water," I finished for him, and went on to show him the technique.

Following that, Yue and I made our way back to the palace to speak with her father. As we went, the princess quietly asked, "Tonight?"

"Tonight."

"I'll be ready."
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.
Now with Discord!​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:BloodGoat, LordVile, Voltrasin and 2,442 others
sinereal
May 8, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 10 New
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
May 15, 2024
Add bookmark
#1,460
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
10
I woke from my nap and gathered my things. Leaving the spare bedroom, I set my bags by the door and made my way to Senna's bedroom. Pushing aside the fur divider, I found her laying on top of her bed, fully clothed. For just a moment, I almost mistook her for Yagoda, given how closely they resembled each other now that she had also had her youth restored. Her eyes snapped open when I shook her shoulder and, after only a moment, she was up and moving, grabbing her own bags.

We left her home, Senna bending her door closed with ice, and quietly made our way through the streets, sticking to the shadows and alleys as we made our way towards the oasis. We spotted Yue standing in a shadow beside the small, round door, her bright hair hidden by the hood she wore. She smiled and waved a silent greeting, then opened the door and we piled in. Yue's bags were just inside and she shouldered them before we hurried to the back of the chamber.

"Just a moment," Yue paused, opening her backpack and producing two large, metal thermoses. She hurried back to the pool and bent a stream of softly glowing water into both.

"Aren't they gonna get pissy that you took that?" I asked, as she hurried back and put the containers back in her bag.

"Not really," Senna shook her head. "The gift of the water and moon spirits is our legacy. No one can fault her for taking it. Now, let's get a move on."

Yue got her bags back in place and we hurried to the false wall in the back she had made on our little trip outside the walls. Once she lowered it, I conjured a light and we hurried into the stairs. Yue closed the wall behind us and filled in the stairs for the first several yards after that, before we began the long, winding trek up to the top of the ice sheet. Once we were up top, I dispelled the light sphere I was using and Yue closed up the top the same way she had the bottom, but left a pillar to mark its location.

It was the night of the new moon, so there was no moonlight to guide us, but the stars were bright enough and the sky was clear. We found the groove Yue had cut in the ice sheet and hurriedly followed it. Eventually, we spotted the pillars she had left to mark the parking spot for my boat and Yue led us down and closed the path behind us as I once more provided light.

Once we got to the boat, we stowed our things in the cabin and I got the engines warmed up, but didn't start them yet. Yue lowered the wall and flooded the inside of the chamber enough to get us out, using her bending to pull us out before again closing it behind us. "Alright Yue, the next part's all you," I told her, taking a seat at the tiller.

"I've got it," she nodded and moved into place in front of me.

"Show me what to do. I can help," Senna offered and Yue nodded. After a few moments of speaking quietly and demonstrating, the two waterbenders had us moving along quickly on a continuous wave of water. I kept watch around and behind us, ready to start the engine if we were spotted.

Eventually, the cliffs of the ice sheet and Agna Qel'a disappeared over the horizon. I waited several minutes more before raising the mast and climbing to the top. Seeing as the ice bergs were also below the horizon, I climbed down and raised the sails.

"Alright ladies, I'll take it from here," I offered as I turned us for Chenbao.

"I can go for longer," Senna shook her head.

Yue nodded. "So can I."

"And I'd rather get to shore faster, in any case," the elder of the two said.

Shrugging, I took my seat and fired up the engine, sending us shooting forward and the ship rising a bit in the water. It took them a moment to adjust, but soon enough we were flying along and, as I saw the sails were doing more to hinder than help, I lowered them and the mast again.

"So Senna," I asked after a while, "how do you plan to explain how you look?"

"Easy," the woman turned a grin over her shoulder. "I set things up in advance for a successor. I'm old Senna's niece, young Senna." Yue and I laughed at that and she ignored us as she continued. "I'll talk to the right people, say the right things, and everything will transfer over to me."

"Where are you going, once we reach Chenbao?" Yue asked, curious.

"Ba Sing Se. Then Gaoling. Then mostly stick to the coast as I head back north, visiting all of the Earth Kingdom villages and Fire Nation colonies and stopping by Omashu. All the way to the Abbey, then cut back east to Zigan, get on a boat, and return to Chenbao. From there, back up north. That's the route I established, years ago. By then, they should have cooled down. What about the two of you?"

Yue beamed a happy smile. "Wherever we want."

Chuckling, I gave a more definitive answer. "Well, I've already visited the western air temple, I figure we can go see the northern one next, since it's not far." Yue perked up at that, looking excited. "After that? Not sure. I think I'll avoid Ba Sing Se for the time being. The other air temples are on the list. So is Gaoling and Kyoshi Island. Eventually, we'll head south and visit the southern water tribe."

"Why avoid Ba Sing Se?" Yue asked, curious.

Senna chuckled. "You've heard the rumors, haven't you?"

"Which ones?"

"Of a secret police force who does the kingdom's dirty work of removing political dissidents, so their precious Earth King doesn't have to be troubled by unsightly things."

I nodded. "That's the one. You know if there's any truth to it?"

Senna shook her head. "I can't say for certain. Damn near every drunk in every bar in that place claimed to have seen them."

"Maybe later, then."

I fell silent, focusing on the engine and putting miles between us and Agna Qel'a. With the help of Yue and Senna, we got most of the way there before we agreed to take a break and I raised the sails again. The ladies went into the cabin to try to sleep for a while and I rested my eyes after locking the tiller in. Eventually, we reached Chenbao as the sky was beginning to lighten.

I pulled into a berth at the end of one of the docks and tied us off, then Yue and I helped Senna take her bags to the same inn I had met her in, where she booked a room for a few days. Turning to look at us, she sighed and smiled. "Safe travels, you two. Stay out of trouble."

"It's Yue that's the troublemaker," I teased, and the princess stuck her tongue out.

"I'll make sure he behaves," she promised.

We said our goodbyes and Yue and I made our way back out to the boat, where I quickly cast off and Yue got us turned around. Then, I set course east, along the coastline, following my map towards the mountains where the northern air temple was housed.

"You know," I spoke up as Yue sat beside me, looking around and taking everything in. "If you're going to come with me, you've got to look the part. Can't look like a princess."

"What do you mean?" Yue asked, confused.

Chuckling, I reached up and once again took her hair down, before handing her Water Tribe themed hair ornament back to her. I did the same for the two decorations on her braids, earning a pout.

Yue gestured and pulled water over the side of the boat, freezing a stand in place in front of her with a mirror made of ice. From there, she undid her braids and made herself a comb, and began straightening her hair.

"Maybe I should cut it…"

I considered her for a moment before nodding. "It'd look good shorter. I also like it long, so I'm not the best person to ask."

Yue giggled, shifting and bumping me with her shoulder. Pulling her hair together, she began tying it in a braid just above her left shoulder, the length of it reaching down to pile in her lap. Humming, she made a pair of scissors when she was satisfied and cut of off just above her breasts. "There," she said, and began gathering up a length of the leftover hair, weaving it into a rope.

"What are you doing?" I wondered, eyeing the excess hair curiously.

Yue dumped the leftover hair overboard and turned to me with a smile. "Hold still."

"…Where do you think you're going with those?" I eyed the scissors skeptically.

The woman merely smiled, taking my head in both of hers and turning me away from her. I felt her playing with the tail I kept the back of my hair in and heard the snip of scissors. A moment later, she pulled the leather tie I kept it in loose before retying it. "All done."

"Did you," I started to ask, before sighing as I saw her tying together a lock of my own hair in her lap, before using the resulting cord to tie the end of hers off. "Never mind."

Yue looked happy and I'll admit it was kind of cute, so I left it alone.

"You didn't tie it in a bow, did you?" I asked, and received only an impish smile and a giggle in answer. "Yue? Come on!"
Senna yawned as she sat near the fire, sipping on a cup of tea. The door opened and a pair of young women walked in. The taller of the two, a stoic looking thing wearing dark clothes under a thick coat, looked around before grabbing the shorter of them by the elbow and pulling her towards the counter. The shorter of them likewise wore a thick coat, but under it some kind of loose outfit with entirely too much pink for Senna's taste.

'Grumpy cat with too many knives and a hyperactive monkey,' Senna mused, remembering some of the stories she had pried out of Zuko. Could it be them?

"We need a room for the night," the tall one said, pulling out a coin purse and laying several silver coins on the counter. "And we're looking for our friend."

"What's he look like?" the man behind the counter asked, swiping the coins up and handing them a key.

"My friend's height," the shorter one beamed. "Black hair, eyes like molten gold. Reeeally cute, but also kinda dangerous, you know?"

The innkeeper frowned, but eventually nodded. "Yeah, the wife told me about someone like that a couple of weeks back. Hired on as Old Senna's bodyguard and left out of here the next morning, heading north."

The two young women exchanged looks before the taller one asked, "What's on the menu tonight?"

"Stew and bread. Got a nice ale if you want."

"We'll take two," she said, placing down another coin and pulling her friend along to a table. Senna focused on her own meal as she listened.

"Did you hear that, Mai? Zuko's been here! You were right!" the shorter girl gushed quietly.

"Mm. But our detour cost us time," she sounded displeased. "I blame you."

"It's not my fault we came over land!"

"I blame you."

"So mean~." Sighing, the smaller girl asked, "So, you think Zuzu is still up north?"

"Possibly."

"Too bad we can't get ahead of him."

The girls fell silent as the innkeeper brought them their food and drinks, before making his way back to the kitchen. Senna picked up her bowl and glass and made her way over to their table. The tall one eyed her warily while the short one smiled brightly as Senna sat.

"Can we help you…?"

Senna smiled. "No, but maybe I can help you. Mai, isn't it?" she asked, before turning to the much more cheery girl, "And that makes you Ty Lee, doesn't it?"

Ty Lee gasped quietly. "How did you know?!" She turned to Mai and gestured to Senna. "How did she know?!"

Mai frowned, humming quietly. "You've been speaking with Zuko."

"I'm Senna," she introduced herself.

Mai raised an eyebrow while Ty Lee tilted her head curiously. "You don't look old…?"

"Old Senna is my aunt," she chuckled.

The shorter girl frowned minutely. "You're lying. Why?"

Senna raised an eyebrow at that. "You wouldn't believe the truth without seeing it for yourself, girl. I have met your friend, though."

"Prove it," Mai demanded, and Senna blinked as she felt something sharp poke her in the inner thigh. Looking down, she found a bare foot between her legs, toes clutching a small, jagged little knife hovering right over a major artery. If the girl decided to do it, she'd bleed out in moments.

Senna shrugged, before reaching up and touching her chest. "Lightning scar on his chest."

The dagger left her thigh and Mai nodded. Leaning forward, Ty Lee asked, "He told you about us? What did he say?"

"Just that you were his friends and his sister had likely sent you to drag him back home."

Ty Lee seemed to deflate. "Aw. Is that all?"

Senna laughed. "What were you expecting, girl?"

"I dunno. Maybe that he missed us?"

Mai sighed, shaking her head. "Focus, Ty Lee." Turning back to Senna, she asked, "When did you see him last?"

"Oh, that would be this morning."

The girls shared a look of frustration, before turning back to her. Ty Lee beat Mai to the punch as she asked, "Where did he go?!"

Chuckling, the trader shrugged. "It wouldn't matter. By the time you got there, he'd be gone."

Mai frowned, but nodded. "Then do you know where he's going?"

"I do. In so much as Zuko himself knew where he was going. He didn't seem terribly sure." When the girls leaned forward expectantly anyway, Senna sighed. "Alright. I'll tell you. He had a short list. Gaoling, Kyoshi Island, the other air temples, and then the south pole. It seemed like he was saving that one for last."

"I've never heard of Kyoshi Island," Ty Lee hummed, looking to Mai, who shrugged.

"Not many have. It's small and off the normal seafaring trade routes. Legend has it, Avatar Kyoshi made the island. It doesn't get many traders in or out, mainly because they don't have much to trade and don't want for much." Quieter, she added, "I think they would react poorly to you showing up on a Fire Nation cruiser."

"So, Gaoling or one of the air temples, then," Mai hummed. "Gaoling will have readily available supplies and somewhere to stay, but if it's a large city…?"

"It is," Senna confirmed. "Third largest in the Earth Kingdom, behind Ba Sing Se and Omashu."

Mai sighed. "Then finding him will be difficult. The air temples are our best bet, then."

Ty Lee looked confused. "Why's Zuzu going to those old things, anyway? Weren't all the monks, you know?" She drew a finger across her throat. "A hundred years ago?"

"He did say he was searching for sign of the Avatar, if he somehow survived into the present, or had reincarnated already," Senna supplied.

"Either way, the Avatar would be drawn to remnants of the Air Nomads, either out of sentimentality or to try to learn airbending," Mai nodded. "So that was his plan."

Ty Lee studied Mai for a moment before her eyes went wide. "You mean—?"

"Shh," Mai shushed the other girl. "Later." Looking to Senna, she guessed, "He's heading for the northern air temple now, isn't he?"

Senna nodded. "Aye."

"Chase and stay a step behind, or rush ahead, and hope he comes soon, and we didn't miss him?" Mai wondered.

"We've got a day or two to figure it out before they get here. We may as well stay and wait for the ship," Ty Lee shrugged, earning a nod from Mai.

"Fine," Mai agreed. With the decision put off, she began eating.

Sending Senna a grin, Ty lee asked, "So? How is he?"

"Oh, I imagine he and his fiancee are doing well."

Mai choked on her stew as Ty Lee's mouth fell open. "His what?!"

Senna picked up her drink and took a sip, smiling into her ale as the girls demanded explanations. He was right. They are fun to tease. I should be gone before their ship gets here though. Just in case.
"Amazing view, isn't it?"

"Breathtaking, sir," the captain agreed, looking out over the island they were on and the sea, their ship looking tiny below.

"A shame those who once called this temple home are no longer alive to see it," Iroh sighed, his hands clenching on the stone railing.

"Sir?" the captain asked quietly, aware that they had the area to themselves for the moment. But still, to voice disapproval of Fire Lord Sozin's actions could be considered almost heretical. It certainly spat in the face of the hundred year long war they had fought, trying to bring the light of civilization to the rest of the world.

Iroh nodded. "Of all Sozin's mistakes, of which there were surprisingly few, this was his greatest. His second greatest being the betrayal of his friend, Avatar Roku."

"But that's…"

Iroh scoffed. "If we cannot look back upon our past actions and question them, call them out for the mistakes they were and learn from them, where does that leave us going forward? Unable to learn from the past. Always repeating the same mistakes. Unable to question those in command. Blindly carrying out orders we know are wrong. We would be little more than slaves. Worse, even. Insects."

"What do you believe we should have done, then?"

Iroh shook his head. "It is an easy thing, to sit and criticize the actions of those who came before us, knowing what we know now. With the weight of history showing us the results of those decisions and information that those in the moment didn't have. To say we should have done something differently. I do not know what Sozin could have changed to avoid the war, or to keep it as short and bloodless as possible. I can only say that betraying the Avatar, and his fear of the Avatar seeking revenge for that betrayal leading to the murder of the air nomads in a desperate and foolish attempt to disrupt the reincarnation cycle when he could not be sure it would even work, were folly. What we can do is learn from our mistakes and move forward."

Nodding, the captain quietly asked, "It's not Fire Lord Sozin's mistakes you're referring to, is it sir?"

"No," Iroh murmured. "I have made more than my share of mistakes, blunders, poor decisions, and failing to take responsibility when I should have. I feel like I've made a mess and I should be the one to clean it up. If only it were as simple as daubing up spilled tea and sweeping away shards of a broken teapot."

"If you'll pardon my saying, general," the captain paused for a moment and Iroh nodded. "The nobles and the upper ranks may have favored your brother, but I speak for most of the enlisted men when I say, we always hoped it would be you who led us, when you father stepped down or passed on. We would have preferred to have someone who had served on the front lines and understood the war, if we could choose."

Chuckling, Iroh turned and patted the captain on the shoulder briefly, before making for the stairs. "Then I failed all of you as well, when I stepped aside in my mourning for the loss of my son and father."

Their footsteps echoed off the stone steps and the curving mountain path for a time, before the captain finally asked, "Between your nephew and niece, who do you think will succeed? That is, assuming…"

"Assuming Zuko survives," Iroh finished. "It's hard to say. I spent much time away from them. More than I should have, really."

Reaching up, Iroh stroked his beard as he considered. "Azula is aggressive, decisive, and relentless. Once she has set her mind on something, she will not hesitate and will stop at nothing to see it through. She is a prodigy. Blessed by the heavens, or fate, one might say. But for all her strength, she lacks wisdom, temperance, and I fear even empathy at times. She would be a strong leader, certainly, but one who rules with an iron fist."

"Just like her great grandfather, grandfather, and father."

"No. Sozin only changed in his later years. In his early years, Roku tempered him," Iroh shook his head. "Sozin in his early years was a strong leader who managed to avoid most of the pitfalls of leadership. His dream of advancing the world came from those early years, but it was a different, much harder man who tried to see them through, and chose the methods he did."

"And prince Zuko?"

"Zuko… is a hard young man to pin down," Iroh hummed. "He is not the prodigy that Azula is, but he is able to think outside the box that the mindset for bending puts most of us in, and is willing to try new things. He once told me that it didn't matter if he tried and failed ninety-nine times, so long as he succeeded on the hundredth. Where Azula is aggressive, Zuko is humble. Where she is decisive, Zuko is meticulous. Where she is relentless, he shows temperance."

"They're opposites, then?"

"Not quite," Iroh denied. "They would work best together, in my opinion. With Zuko to temper the worst of Azula's tendencies and Azula to drive Zuko to do more."

The captain sent Iroh a considering look. "That hasn't been done in a while, has it?"

"No, but it's not unheard of."

The captain fought down a smile as he said, "I just hope I'm there for the conversation where you sit them down and tell them the best thing for the country is for them to marry each other."

Iroh let out a sigh, even as he chuckled. "I am not looking forward to it."

A thought occurred and the captain asked, "What if he's already found someone, before then?"

"That is not unheard of either."

Unspoken was the fact that, in order for it to happen, the current Fire Lord would have to be dealt with, one way or another.
"Is that it?"

Passing Yue my spyglass, I grinned. "See for yourself."

She brought it to her eye and took a moment to sweep it around, before landing on what we had spotted from the sea. Just barely visible on top of a mountain, in the middle of a white capped mountain range miles distant, through a gap in the clouds I had spotted something that looked funny on top of one of the mountains. Through the spyglass, it became obvious that it was a manmade structure.

"It is! The northern air temple!" Yue gushed, before handing the glass back.

I pressed it together and slipped it back into my pocket and took the tiller, pointing us at the shore. "You ready to go ashore?"

"Absolutely. I'd like to stretch my legs. I could use a bath, too."

"Same," I agreed. "But unless we make one ourselves, we're kind of out of luck on that front, unless you want to take a river bath in freezing water."

Yue blushed and looked away. After a moment, she nodded and sat up straighter, before sending me a smile. "We're engaged. We're going to see each other eventually anyway. And as I've had to learn over the last few days, privacy when you travel is a rare thing."

The reality of traveling by boat meant that eventually, someone needed to take care of basic biological functions, and we weren't always close enough to land to pull over and run into the woods. That, and stopping every time someone had to go was impractical. That meant going over the side of the boat, or using the bucket with a wooden seat I kept for that purpose. Either way, whoever was doing their business was exposed to the world.

On a side note, that this world actually had something resembling toilet paper was a minor miracle. One I was thankful for every day.

"Alright. You make a tub out of ice and fill it with water, I'll heat it, and we can both climb in and scrub?" I offered, and Yue nodded.

"I brought my soap!"

I chuckled, shaking my head. "I brought a few bars, but not much. Didn't like the stuff they were selling up north. Going to need to hit a town and restock."

We made landfall not long after and Yue used water to move the boat further inland. "Are we just going to leave it here?"

"For now," I confirmed. "We'll take what we need and come back for it later."

I grabbed my main bag and pulled it out of the boat, while Yue had to do a little repacking under my direction, so she wasn't carrying a bunch of stuff she didn't need. Taking out my bow, I went ahead and strung it and set my quiver in place, before we started walking, following a stream that seemed to come from the direction we needed to go. As we went, I kept an eye out for edible plants, showing Yue and gathering things to go with our food—onions, garlic, berries, and mushrooms for her.

"It's all so beautiful. There are so many trees. But I didn't expect this much snow," Yue mused, looking this way and that as we walked, taking in everything she could with wide eyes.

"Well, we're still pretty far north. It stays pretty cold year round."

"This is all south to me," she giggled.

We walked for hours, until eventually, I spotted what I had been hoping for and heard a call in the near distance. Holding up a hand, I motioned Yue to be quiet and get down. Moving closer as she crouched, I pulled off my bag and set it down, untying a length of rope from the side and hooking it to my belt. "Stay here. I'll be back in a few," I whispered, and she nodded.

The pine needles underfoot were wet with snow and meltwater and made not a sound as I slipped along slowly through the trees. Eventually, I spotted a small herd of animals that looked like a cross between an arctic fox and an antelope. They were the size of an antelope, with fox-like bodies and tails, but the head of an antelope.

Drawing an arrow, I took aim at the closest and let fly. The animal squealed as it was struck and started running, spooking the rest of the herd into fleeing. After only a few steps however, the fox antelope fell over onto its side and lay still. Pulling my knife, I made my way over and finished it off. I took a few minutes to hang it from a tree, open it up, field dress it inside the skin, and let the blood drain before cleaning my hands and knife in the stream and making my way back to Yue.

"Come on, I've got dinner. I'll need you to carry my bag, though."

"Oh? Alright," she agreed, and followed after me. Upon seeing the fox antelope she made an appreciative noise as I picked it up and tossed it over my shoulder. "It's big."

"I just hope it tastes good," I chuckled, following the stream further for several miles, away from where I'd made the kill and had left the remains.

Eventually, we found a good spot to make camp for the night, near enough to the stream and with some natural cover in the form of several large boulders jutting out of the ground. I hung the fox antelope up and got to work making camp for us. Fire burned and dried a circle of ground around the rocks, leaving a nice, clear, dry area for us to camp on.

"So, what do we do next?"

"Shelter first," I explained, and she nodded, watching as I worked and explained everything I was doing as I did it.

I took my bag from Yue and set up the tarp inside as a tent, before cutting down some limbs to make a lean-to over it. Our sleeping bags went inside and backpacks outside. With shelter taken care of, we gathered up some fallen limbs to make a fire. I took care of drying them and got a fire going, then moved onto the fox antelope, showing Yue how to remove the hide.

Despite being a sheltered princess, she was eager to learn whatever I wanted to show her, and not squeamish at all about helping. Her waterbending made cleaning the meat of any remaining blood an easy task, and then we got it set up on a spit over the fire, as soon as it died down a bit. Pulling one of the bottles from my bag, I had her use her bending to coat the meat with a bit of the hooch I'd gotten from the Sun Warriors for flavor. Combined with fresh garlic and onion, it quickly started to smell great after a long half-day's worth of hiking.

With everything set up for the night except our defenses, which I would leave to Yue later to make an ice wall around our campsite, we made our way down to the river with our soap, rags, and towels. Yue quickly had us a large, thick tub made of ice and filled with entirely too cold water from the stream. A bit of fire had that steaming nicely, and a bit more bending on her part had the water inside soapy.

Yue eyed me nervously, hesitating at taking the final plunge. Chuckling, I shook my head and began stripping. The girl blushed, covering her eyes, but I caught her peeking through her fingers more than once.

I tossed my clothes, except for my jacket and boots, into the tub first and climbed in after. She dropped her hand and stopped pretending not to watch as she asked, "Why did you put your clothes in?"

"They need to be washed or they'll start to stink," I explained. "You should do yours too while we're at it. Actually, with your waterbending, you could probably do them in like, thirty seconds, then just pull the water out."

"Oh! I've never washed my own clothes before," she murmured, then began undressing. When she saw I wasn't even pretending not to look, she blushed down below her neck, but didn't try to hide as she quickly stripped down.

Yue was sexy, but it was the soft kind of sexy of a healthy, fit young woman who didn't really have that much physical activity in her life. She had a nice, full set of breasts, thick thighs, a trim belly, and a plump ass that looked like it had a good squish to it. It wasn't the athletic, harder physique of some of the other girls in my life—Azula, Ty Lee, and Mai, for instance, I knew from experience were all much more active girls with more athletic builds. But what Yue had was just fine too, in my opinion.

"Don't stare," Yue pouted as she flung her clothes into the bath and climbed in, exposing a white bush and puffy lips briefly, before slipping into the water up to her neck.

"Can't help it. You're nice to look at," I grinned, earning a pout, even as she preened a bit under the attention. "Come here, I'll wash your back."

Somehow, through some Herculean act of self-restraint, we kept it to just a bath… and a little kissing and cuddling, once she settled down enough to relax. When we got finished, we dried our clothes and got dressed, ate a nice meal of fresh venison before I strung the leftovers high up in a tree, and Yue erected a wall of ice around the campsite to keep us safe for the night. I tossed a few more logs on the fire and we turned in for the night.

"I should do something about our sleeping bags," Yue yawned as we lay in the tent and it began to snow outside.

"Yeah?"

"Mm. I've got a sewing kit. I'll pull out the stitching and put them together."

"Oh? Why's that?" I teased.

Yue pouted. "It'd be warmer."

"Is that the only reason?"

"Shut up and go to sleep!"

"Regretting this already, huh?"

Yue shook her head. "No. Not even a little."
Last edited: May 15, 2024
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.
Now with Discord!​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:BloodGoat, Voltrasin, VialLemon and 2,405 others
sinereal
May 15, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 11
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
May 22, 2024
Add bookmark
#1,577
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
11
I stared out across the clearing at my opponent, assessing. Yue stood opposite me, water from the stream swirling around her through the air at the ready.

Green fire lit up in my hands and I stepped into the first movements of the standard firebender attack—launching fireballs at range to probe the enemy's defense and distract them. Yue handled them easily, intercepting them all with a continuous stream of water, not moving from where she stood. A smile lit up her face and she gestured. One of the streamers grew colder and sharp ice daggers shot out at me.

I ran into the stream of attacks, dodging, ducking, and occasionally batting them aside as I closed the distance between us. The girl frowned as she saw she wasn't getting through and increased the pace and density of her attack. I countered with a wave of fire, melting the icicles and creating a cloud of steam. I launched myself up and over the cloud as Yue shifted to octopus form, multiple water whips extending out, sweeping through the cloud and searching for me.

I fired off a quick series of jabs with my hands and feet as I descended, forcing her to look up. Yue's eyes went wide and she brought up a shield of water, before freezing it into ice. Taking a deep breath, I charged a blast in my right hand as I fell the last few remaining feet. Exhaling sharply, I punched forward, twisting my fist as I did, willing the fire not to simply shoot out, but to spiral. Fire struck ice and, if it had been a normal fireball, it would have simply dissipated. Instead, when it hit, it dug in, burning through the surface before exploding, showering the area in ice shards.

Then, I was inside her guard. I was three hits into my combo and Yue was halfway to the ground before I realized she wasn't fighting back, not doing anything but bringing up her arms to try to shield her face, which I'd already struck twice, before kicking her in the gut and folding her over.

"Okay, stop. Fight's over!" I called as I fell to my knees beside her and rolled her over onto her back. "Come on, uncurl and breathe."

"Hurts," she whimpered, holding her nose with one hand and her stomach with the other.

"Yeah, and it's gonna hurt less when you stop curling in on yourself," I urged her, forcing her to straighten out and breathe. "Let me see it."

I eased her hand away from her nose and winced. I'd gotten her good, it seemed. It wasn't broken, but I'd smashed it to the side and it was bleeding profusely. Her cheek was also starting to swell. Sighing, grabbed her nose and straightened it, earning a squeal from the teary girl. I conjured green fire and held it to her face and, only a few moments later, she relaxed.

"I'm not cut out for this," she sighed, rubbing her stomach tenderly.

"No, you just need to learn," I countered, helping her to sit up. "You're an amazing bender, Yue. You're strong and you've got natural talent. I think the only person I've seen catch onto bending as quickly as you is my sister. The thing is, bending isn't just about controlling an element and flinging it at your opponent, or using it to block their attacks. You need to move. It takes less energy to dodge an attack than block it, or even parry. You also have to be able to throw down with fists and feet when they get in too close to use your bending effectively. That's the biggest part you're lacking, and it's why I did what I did. I wanted to show you what was going to happen, when someone got through your defenses. It hurt, right?"

"Mhmm," she nodded, pouting at me.

"And if it wasn't me doing it, but someone else? They wouldn't have held back. As soon as you hit the ground, they'd have set you on fire and moved on." Yue winced at that but nodded. "So. We know what we need to work on. You're going to practice moving, with and without bending. Having chi means we're faster, stronger, and can just do things that normal people can't, even without using bending. You need to learn how to take advantage of that. I'll give you the Yuyan crash course."

"Eh?" she asked, blinking in confusion.

"Dear old dad liked to keep me away from home as much as possible and I figured I'd collect some useful skills, so one of my training trips was spending time training with a group of archers and assassins. They taught tracking, counter-tracking, hunting, shooting, survival, stealth, navigation, fast movement through any terrain—all without bending. We'll be starting on that today, while we're traveling."

"And the other stuff?"

"We'll take breaks for it," I assured her. Taking her hands, I squeezed them. "I want you to be able to take care of yourself, so I can't go easy on you. It's gonna hurt, and it's gonna suck."

Yue hesitated, before nodding. "I understand."

"Alright. Let's begin," I nodded, standing and pulling Yue to her feet.

"Now?" she asked.

"Now," I confirmed, before I started adjusting the way she stood and held herself. "I can't teach you the martial art your northern waterbenders use, because I don't know it. What I can do is teach you how a firebender fights, and how to fight against it. We'll try to adapt your bending as we go."
We took our time getting to the mountain range where the northern air temple was located. I used that time to try to cram as much training into Yue as I could. She endured it all without a word of complaint, thankfully.

When she fell or I knocked her down, she got back up and went right back to it. When I hit her, she quickly learned what she'd done wrong and corrected it, closing up gaps in her defenses. When she was tired and sore after a long day, she forced herself to do just a little more, go just a little further. Then, at night, she slipped out of our tent and practiced her waterbending by herself—learning how to create slides, steps, launch herself into the air or catch herself, even using water whips and octopus form to move herself around through the trees and over the ground at speed.

Eventually, however, we made it to the foot of the mountain where the northern air temple was situated. Looking up the mountain, I considered the trail as Yue hummed. Finally, sending me a mischievous grin, the girl took off running, launching herself from the snow with a pillar of ice. "Race you!"

Laughing, I followed after, jet-stepping and launching myself into the air after her. I hung back, watching Yue move as she demonstrated her new traversal skills.

Eventually, we broke through the clouds shrouding the top of the mountain and hiding the temple from below. People, mostly children, flew past on what looked like primitive hang gliders. Several of them pointed at me and there were sounds of alarm as they turned for the temple. Yue and I made it to a flat stone deck looking out over the mountains, where the kids on gliders had gone.

Touching down on the platform, we found abandoned gliders. An older man wearing a monocle, missing much of his hair, and his eyebrows looking freshly burned off hurriedly approached from inside the temple. "Please, wait! I promise, I have what you're here for!"

I exchanged a confused look with Yue, before shrugging. "Alright?"

"Come, this way," he gestured and ushered us through the temple. As we went, he began to ramble on about delays caused by working out some counter balance system.

Those few people we encountered scattered and hid as we passed. Beside me, Yue whispered, "What's going on?"

"Not sure. Let's find out."

We were eventually led to a room guarded by a large door, locked by some sort of airflow mechanism. The older man pulled something from his pocket and dug a stone out of the wall, before slipping what looked like some kind of handle inside. He pulled it and the doors opened, revealing a room full of weapons, tools, and other things—with lots of Fire Nation flags hanging here and there.

Yue gasped quietly as we entered, her eyes going wide as she took it all in. I… was not shocked at all. I'd been having dreams about this place off and on since reaching the north pole and had remembered the situation from the show after the first one. I knew the old man and his people were refugees. He was an inventor and offered his services to the Fire Nation to keep them from destroying the temple. He would be the man responsible for air travel in this world, and much more. Such as tanks, just like the one sitting in the middle of the room that he was gushing over.

Grabbing the big doors, I pulled them closed behind us. Waiting for a lull in his rambling, one eventually came and I got his attention. "Listen, I think there's been some kind of mistake?"

"A mistake? What do you mean? This is what you came here to get, isn't it? I don't, I don't have anything else yet!"

"No, I mean, we're not who you think we are," I clarified.

"You're not with the Fire Nation Army? You're not working for War Minister Qin?" he asked, going wide eyed. I recognized the name as one of Ozai's higher ranking men, this one in charge of technology and weapons development. "But, but the children saw you! You're a firebender!"

"Yeah, I'm a firebender, but I'm not with the army. We uh, we just came here to see the temple," I told him, Yue nodding beside me.

"I'm actually a waterbender," she smiled, opening the water skin at her side and bending out some of the water to show off, before putting it back.

"Oh. Oh dear." The old man placed a hand on the tank, looking a bit faint as he slowly collapsed to sit on the ground. "Oh dear."

"So," I began, gesturing at the tank. "Doing work for the Fire Nation?"

The old man winced. "You don't understand!"

"Why don't you explain it, then? How could you create weapons of war for them?" Yue demanded, crossing her arms over her chest as she glared.

"I did it to protect everyone!"

I listened with half an ear as the old man told pretty much exactly the tale I was expecting. As he did, I moved around the room, inspecting its contents. In the back, I found a large cloth with the Fire Nation symbol draped over what looked vaguely like a boat. A smile came to my lips as I realized it wasn't a cloth or a boat, but a dirigible. An early one, but that was good enough.

"Hey," I called as he trailed off and Yue sighed, looking frustrated. "Does this work?"

The old man turned, saw what I was looking at, and sent me a quizzical look. "Do you even know what it is, young man?"

Probably better than you, I didn't say, instead nodding. "A dirigible. A hot air balloon."

He perked up at my words, while Yue looked confused. "A what?"

"You ever seen a lantern with an enclosed top lift into the air?"

"No, but I've heard there are such festivals held elsewhere. I'd like to see one," she prompted hopefully, and I nodded.

"It works like that. Hot air expands and fills a balloon or other structure. The hot air is lighter than the cold air around it, since it's taking up more space. This causes it to rise. It's like… an air bubble coming up underwater," I simplified, and Yue nodded.

The old man leapt to his feet at that, his eyes going wide. "You do understand! But I can't get it to work. Once it goes up, it stays up, with no way to make it come down, without cutting off the fire. But then it gets too cold and falls too quickly, which could cause a deadly crash."

"Yeah, it needs a vent on the top," I nodded. "Preferably on the inside, so the internal pressure is prone to keeping it sealed and you have to pull against that, instead of trying to pull and keep it closed against pressure from the outside."

His eyes went wide and he turned, running for the door. Pushing it open, he turned back to use. "Come with me!"

I shrugged and followed, Yue sending me a questioning look as we went. Quietly, she hissed, "Why are you helping him?! Those things will end up in the hands of the Fire Nation and be used against everyone!"

"Probably. Assuming they don't leave, which they will if they have sense. I'll try to talk him into heading deeper into the Earth Kingdom. But when the war is over? You're looking at the future, Yue. Air travel," I whispered back.

Yue stared at me, her mouth falling open. "You mean… like a boat? But in the air?"

"Exactly so," I agreed.

Yue fell silent at that and we followed the old man to an elevator, then up to his office. He broke out some paper holding what looked like designs for the small airship we'd seen down below. Flipping to a new page, he quickly began a new sketch. "On the inside, you say?"

"Yeah. You make the cut smaller than the vent, or lid, or whatever you decide to use by like half—maybe even two thirds. That way, it doesn't slip. Attach it to the inside somehow in a way that doesn't damage the balloon material. Add a rope and pulley system that comes down into the basket for whoever's flying it to control. And there you have it. You can control descent with the pull of a cord."

"Brilliant," the old man nodded.

"I'm Zuko, by the way. This is Yue. And you are?"

"Hm?" the old man asked, briefly looking up from his sketch, before laughing. "Oh! Bo! But feel free to call me 'old man.' Everyone else does," he waved it off, before returning to his sketch.

"How are you powering the balloon?" I asked, taking the other sketches and flipping through them. "I saw an engine of some kind on that thing, so it's obviously meant to be used by a non-bender."

"Oh, coal, of course. But it will take anything that burns," he answered absently.

"It looked heavy," I mused. "Could ditch it if you had a firebender aboard."

"Certainly," Bo nodded. "But then no one who wasn't a firebender could operate it. Nor could it be used overnight, without a second firebender to use in shifts."

I frowned, but nodded. "Have you ever seen a bending powered boat engine?"

"I have," the old man confirmed. "Why do you ask?"

"One of those, a water tank to provide fresh water, a series of copper coils to act as a condenser that it vents into to cool and return to water, a second tank to collect the return water and then feed back into the main tank. At altitude, or with the help of waterbender," I gestured at Yue, "you could have a system with almost no loss of water."

"But why—" he paused, then nodded, "Ah, yes. To drive propellers. But why not use the coal engine?"

"Does it produce the sort of RPM that one of the steam engines would?" I asked, and he hummed, considering.

"Perhaps not. But if it weren't also being used to run a propeller, it could be made much more compact…"

Grinning, I asked, "What do you say? Want to try to modify a boat to test with?"

"Do you have one?" he asked, perking up in interest, and I nodded.

"I do. If you can provide a means of transportation."

"We can arrange a wagon and something to pull it," he nodded eagerly. Finishing the sketch, he turned it so I could see. "What do you think?"

I looked it over and nodded. "Looks good." Considering him for a moment, I added, "You know you have to leave, right?"

Bo sighed, suddenly looking much older and more worn down. "We have made this place our home."

"And you're being threatened into creating weapons for the Fire Nation," I countered, and he nodded. "You can rebuild. You can go somewhere quiet and hide. Or go to somewhere like Omashu or Gaoling and get someone to fund your efforts there. Pretty sure King Bumi would gladly agree to settle you and pay for whatever you needed."

"But how do we escape the Fire Nation army?"

I reached down and tapped the design he was working on. "Build a bigger one. You said it's Qin giving you trouble? I know the guy. He's a coward, but the man's intelligent. Tell him you've got something big in the works and he may even provide you supplies to build it himself."

"He has before," Bo nodded. "Very well. We'll try."

"Just wait until we're gone before making a run for it."

"Of course," the old man nodded. "Now, let's see about getting that boat…"
With access to materials and the mad scientist that was Bo, we had redesigned my little boat into a sleek airship capable of making air or water landings, cutting down the weight significantly while still retaining functionality. The mast and rigging were removed entirely for the moment. The cabin on top had to go to make room for the balloon and rigging to hold it in place and keep it balanced when it was inflated. I'd also cut off the pontoons that made it a trimaran for the moment. I'd also had to remove the engines and linkage for us to work on it.

What we'd done instead was hammer out support struts and weld them into the hull, and now I was welding on a much thinner skin over the top of that to make a cabin that ran almost the entire length of the boat. We'd be able to stand inside, but we might have to stoop. I would be adding view ports along the sides and at the front so we could see out or close them up, like the old cabin. I'd left a spot at the back open for a coal box and the main coal fired heater to blow hot air and keep the balloon filled with pipes that ran along the inside of the cabin on the ceiling to double as a source of heat at altitude, but we would be adding a second, bending powered heater in line with that to do the same thing.

When we put the engine back in, it would be linked to a lever that would switch it over between either the screws for when it was in the water, or to a propeller mounted on the roof, under the balloon, inside a protective enclosure much like a fan boat—with a set of rudders to control the craft's direction. I'd be mounting a water tank on either side of the outside of the hull, then putting a set of much smaller pontoons back on the sides, closer than the originals to give it a more narrow profile, so it would be stable on land and not tip over.

The balloon would be mounted on top with a case below it to roll it up and latch it in place when it wasn't in use. That was where the mast would come back in—resting under the balloon normally, until it was needed. If we needed to, we could land in water, roll up the balloon and keep it hidden in its enclosed case, and raise the mast to look like a normal ship. The propeller could be detached and reattached without tools and stored in the cabin if need be, and with the pulling of a few levers, the redesigned coal furnace could be used as a boiler to power the props.

There was, of course, the problem of visibility. Unless we were very high up or hiding in the clouds, we'd be highly visible from the ground. So, I set out to mitigate that problem the tried and true way they did on Earth. I'd be painting the underside and sides of the boat sky blue and the top gray, while the balloon was made from blue and white cloth. It wasn't going to be perfect, but it would at least reduce visibility from the ground somewhat.

"Zuko, I'm worried."

I paused in making a new weld on the hull of the boat to look at Yue. "What about?"

"Can we really just leave these people to escape the Fire Nation on their own? And what about once they're away? Their fuel will only last so long, and then they'll be vulnerable."

I considered her question for a moment before asking, "What do you suggest?"

Yue sent me a smile. "I've been studying the map. If we can make it back to Chenbao, we can destroy the flying machine so it can't be used by the Fire Nation. After that, they can board a ship and then take the river inland, then back out to sea, around the coast, and eventually make land and take the relatively short trek across land to Omashu."

"So, you want to escort them back to Chenbao and destroy the war balloon?"

"If that's okay? We don't have to take them the rest of the way. Just away from here."

Humming, I reviewed my mental map, before nodding. "Sure. I'm fine with that."

"Really?!" Yue asked, and I sent her a smile.

"Sure."

She beamed, moving closer and wrapping me in a hug, before kissing my cheek. "Thank you!"

"It's not a big deal," I chuckled.

"Oh! There is one more small thing." I raised an eyebrow in question and she began explaining. "I've been speaking with the children and getting to know them. Doing some healing here and there as needed, for some issues that have been lingering a while." When I nodded, she asked, "Have you met Bo's son, Teo?"

"Which one is that?"

"The one in the chair."

I snapped my fingers. "Oh, right! Yeah. Good kid. Smart. He likes to come by and help out." Yue stared at me, expectantly. I smiled back, waiting. I knew what she wanted to ask, I just wanted to make her say it.

Huffing, Yue glared at me, realizing I was pushing her buttons. "Could you heal him?"

"Sure. He hasn't asked me about it though, and it'd sound weird if I offered…"

Yue rolled her eyes. "I've examined him already and it looks like you only need to heal one area. His spine, in the lower back area."

"Well, if you want to go get him, I can do it now," I offered, and she nodded, before hurrying out of the room.

I went back to making welds and, a few minutes later, I heard the sound of footsteps and wheels approaching. "Hey, Zuko," the young boy called as he stopped nearby. "Yue said you could um, maybe… fix my back?"

Sliding down off the boat, I wiped my hands off on my pants. "Is that what you want?"

"Haha yeah! I mean, who would say no to being able to walk again?!" the boy laughed, like I'd asked the dumbest question he'd ever heard.

"Well, some people are stubborn like that," I shrugged. "Alright, Yue, can you help me get him up?"

The waterbender nodded and together, we pulled him out of the chair and laid him out on his stomach. I reached down and pulled his shirt up and asked, "So, where am I aiming?"

"Here," Yue pointed to the boy's lower back, just above the hips.

"Is it gonna hurt?" Teo asked as I laid my hand on his back and conjured fire.

"Well, I suppose we'll see. I've done a few limb replacements and other things," I spoke, distracting him as I felt the fire working away at him. Yue's hand rested beside mine and, after a few moments, she nodded. Rolling the boy over onto his front, I asked, "How about you tell me? Does this hurt?"

I reached down and smacked him just above the knee with the knuckle of my middle finger. Teo's entire leg jumped and yelped. "Ow!" The boy blinked, then his eyes went wide. "I felt that! And my leg moved!"

"Let's try the other one," I chuckled and smacked him again, to the same knee-jerk response—though this time he didn't cry out, and instead started laughing.

"Oh man, this is great! Wait until dad sees this! Can you help me stand?"

"Ah, about that," I hedged. "Your legs have atrophied. Technically there's nothing wrong with them. It's just like you've done nothing but sit on your butt for years and not use them."

"…But I have just sat on my butt and not used them," he pointed out, and I nodded as I motioned to Yue and we helped him back into his chair.

"Exactly. Not broken, so I can't heal it. Which means you get to do it the long way. Good old fashioned hard work. First working to stand, then to walk, one step at a time. But if you keep at it, in a couple of months you should be able to walk normally. Six months to a year, at a guess, you'll be able to run around like any kid your age. I'll show you some exercises to work your legs to get you ready for it."

If something wasn't broken, I couldn't fix it. As far as limitations on the green fire went, it made sense. Not being able to heal anything spiritual was the other big one we'd found so far. Ty Lee had demonstrated her chi blocking before, once upon a time when I was hanging out with her, Mai, and Azula. At a guess, it wouldn't heal that since it was a blockage, not damage, and entirely spiritual. I was still discovering the limits though, and it was a learning process. Given who my sister and father were, I was keen to find out whether it could fix madness, just in case—but I'd yet to run across anyone to test it on. I was of two minds on it. If the problem was entirely biological, maybe. If the problem was mental, that is if I tried to, say, cure Ozai of his raging narcissism, I doubted it would work. And of course, if there was some sort of spiritual malady, I was shit out of luck.

The boy reached up and wiped at his eyes as he sent me a huge smile. "I don't know what to say—"

"Don't get all emotional," I chuckled, patting his shoulder. "Come on. How about we go give your dad the good news?"

"Y-yeah," Teo nodded, clearing his throat as he started using his sleeves to wipe his face.

Beside me, Yue beamed a happy smile. Her hip bumped into mine and she pulled me into a side on hug as we walked and I pushed the kid's chair. "We should do more things like this. It feels good, being able to help people."

"When we can, safely," I allowed.

Not everyone was going to be okay with a firebender from the Fire Nation running around in their country, even if that person was some kind of wandering healer. I had a feeling most of the Earth Kingdom might take exception. And, well… while we had about two years before I needed to be at the south pole, I didn't want to get bogged down healing every scrape and boo-boo between here and the south, as getting absolutely mobbed with people begging to be healed was the other potential outcome.

I wanted to help people, yes. Absolutely. And it's not like I'd let someone die to keep my secret. But at the same time, I had to take a wider view on things than trying to fix the world one cut or skint knee at a time. It was basic triage. You don't tend to a cut before a stab, unless it's nicked an artery. You don't try to tend to a stab before dealing with the person holding the knife, who did the stabbing in the first place. Which circled back to something I'd been thinking on for a while now. Aang needed to be taken off ice and Ozai needed to go, ASAP. We could deal with everything else after that.

Turning my attention back to Teo, I asked, "Is everyone ready for the move?"

"Yeah," he nodded, sounding grateful to be given something else to think about. "They know to pack light. Dad's almost finished with the other, what'd you call it? Dirt ridge able?"

"Dirigible. And that's good to hear. I should have the modifications made to mine some time tomorrow. If we take a day to do quick testing, then we should be able to leave night after tomorrow."

"I'll let everyone know, after we talk to dad," the boy nodded.

Needles to say, Teo's dad was beyond happy. The man broke into tears and hugged his boy when Teo showed off his ability to move his feet what little bit he could at the moment. Yue and I left them to their moment and headed back to the open courtyard so I could get back to work.
"Okay. Here we go," I murmured, firing up the coal engine.

Yue helped me hold the balloon's mouth in place for long enough for it to start filling and hold itself up, then we slid back down the hull to the back of the ship. Dropping from the roof onto the deck, we waited as the balloon filled. I made a few last checks, making sure the new built in compass was moving as it should and the drive shaft for the main engine was switched over to the propeller.

After only a minute or two, the ship lifted up and stopped as it hit the end of the mooring lines keeping it in place. I gave it another minute before nodding to Yue and we pulled the knots holding the ship down loose. The ship rose quickly and I fired up the engine, bringing it about with the wheel we'd added for that purpose. A check of the lever controlling the rope connected to the vent slowed the ship's ascent, before I opened it up enough for us to drop a few feet, then adjusted it until I got at the altitude I wanted to clear the temple.

"Look, there are the others," Yue pointed off to port and I nodded, turning that direction and throttling up on the engine, sending us that direction before cutting thrust as we got closer, not wanting to cause an accident right out of the gate. A lamp light flashed three times from the other ship. "That's the signal."

"Alright, take the wheel," I instructed her, and Yue took my place.

Grabbing onto the tow line we'd made, I checked that it was secure before going overboard as the other ship came to level. A few blasts of jet-stepping got me onto the other ship's deck and they quickly tied the line off to the prow.

Turning to Bo, I reminded him, "Match altitude and once we're clear of the temple, we'll maintain that until we get outside Chenbao. If we start to go down for any reason, cut us loose. Likewise, if you start dropping, I'll cut you loose and try to come help."

"Right, right," the old man nodded. Casting a glance back at the temple, he sighed. "It's just a shame to leave it all behind."

"You did get your notes and burn everything you weren't taking, didn't you?" I asked, just to be sure. I had copied everything he had into my journal for later study, but I wanted to make sure there was nothing left behind for Qin to find.

The old man nodded. "I did. I have everything here," he confirmed, patting the leather satchel at his side.

Looking back over to my ship, I saw we had come up level. "Okay, I'm going back over. I'll ease her up on the throttle. Signal if something's wrong."

With that, I crossed back over to land beside Yue, who quickly moved aside as I took my seat. Giving the engine a little more fire, I slowly throttled up. The ship moved forward and jerked slightly when it hit the end of the slack between our two vessels. Yue didn't say anything about a signal, so I increased speed and turned us northwest.

"It's amazing," Yue breathed, looking out over the sea of clouds beneath us, lit up by the moon and stars above. She clung tightly to my arm at my side, head turning this way and that to try to take in everything. "Like something out of a fairytale."

"It is something to behold," I agreed, turning to send her a smile, enjoying the way her face lit up in joy.
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.
Now with Discord!​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:BloodGoat, Voltrasin, VialLemon and 2,175 others
sinereal
May 22, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 12
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
May 29, 2024
Add bookmark
#1,707
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
12
We set down on the shore just outside of Chenbao, within walking distance of the village but out of sight. Thankfully, night was coming on when we landed, so it was less likely for anyone to see us. Everyone in the second balloon quickly got their things and got out and, as soon as we were sure they had everything, I set fire to it. I could see the pain in Bo's eyes at watching something he made with his own hands be destroyed, but everyone knew it was safer this way.

Yue insisted on seeing everyone to the inn, so I kept the engine running while she left with them. It wasn't but a few minutes later before she came hurrying back and climbed in.

"How did it go?" I asked as I closed the vent and sent us up.

"I left them at the inn where we left Senna. The innkeeper recognized me. He said some things that worried me," she explained, and I gestured for her to go on as I turned us for the south, following the line of the river. "Firstly, a Fire Nation cruiser came through, just after we left Senna here. Apparently, two women who were staying here left in a hurry when it did. He suspects they were passengers."

"He say what they looked like?"

Yue shook her head. "I didn't think to ask."

"And the other thing?" I asked, curious.

Biting her lip, Yue murmured, "Several men of the water tribe came through, looking for us by description. He said they were very vocal about a 'Fire Nation bastard' kidnapping their princess."

I had my suspicions on who that was. "Any idea which way they went?"

"Downriver, two days ago."

I did some mental math, estimating their speed to put them an eighth of the way down the river to the West/East Lake, divided by Serpent's pass, with the cruiser probably already three quarters of the way through. But that's assuming they aren't stopping at every major settlement to ask around.

Checking our fuel reserve and comparing it to how much we had already used, I frowned as I did some more estimates. Grabbing my journal from the pocket I kept it in, I opened it up and flipped to the map, unfolding the pages and studying it. My map wasn't the most up to date, but I imagined the pirates I'd taken it from had been pretty damn meticulous about where all the Fire Nation bases they were aware of along their trade route were.

"We'll need to make a stop for fuel at some point and I want to avoid those guys. So we'll be cutting inland and heading to this old colonial village. Looks like it's on the water and it's near Pouhai Stronghold," I pointed to where I remembered the place to be, despite it not being marked on this map. "I doubt the people looking for us are going to come that far inland to do it and getting there by water would mean going around and cutting back north. The lakes are heavily patrolled by Fire Nation cruisers blockading Ba Sing Se, so they're definitely not going to cross it. They don't know we can fly, so they'll think we have the same limitations they do and would be just as cautious as we would, meaning they'll stick to the west coast and head south. So, over land, hit the colonial village, then there's an old coal mining town that looks to be within range almost directly south. Then it's southeast, over the mountains, to Omashu. We should be weeks, if not a month or more ahead of them by the time we get there and we'll have nothing to worry about."

"Does that mean we have time to stop and see the sights?" Yue asked hopefully.

Chuckling, I nodded. "Yeah. And time to spend on your training."

Yue cheered happily and pulled me into a side hug. I looked at the compass and adjusted course, turning southwest and inland. I didn't take us very far inland before finding a nice, open grassland that looked well away from any villages to set down in. It was nothing but miles upon miles of tall, swaying grass and the occasional herd of animals we couldn't identify at altitude and in the dark.

We landed and I pulled the lever to shunt the heat from the furnace to the pipe directly over it, so it would stop trying to fill the balloon, then I pulled another lever to cut off the vents for airflow into the furnace, smothering the coal inside to hopefully save a bit on fuel. Then, we deflated the balloon and rolled it and the net around it up and stowed them. Once that was done, Yue and I made our way inside the cabin to turn in for the night.

The interior of the now much larger cabin was arranged a bit differently, with the sleeping area all the way forward and storage towards the middle with everything large lashed down with nets, to better distribute the weight and keep anything from shifting. We each had a footlocker for our clothes and there were hooks on the wall for coats.

At the furthest end of the cabin, we had moved a low wooden bed frame in. The mattress wasn't anything special, but it beat the hell out of laying on rugs laid out on the metal floor, especially with the new support struts creating regularly spaced two inch jutting pieces of metal it would be impossible to sleep on.

Yue looked over her shoulder at me as she undressed, biting her lip before pulling a light green night gown out of her locker—bought at a village not far from the northern air temple. I settled for my usual drawstring boxer shorts—a custom job I'd had made years back and had gotten new, appropriately sized versions of as I'd gotten older. The design was being sold in the markets in Hari Bulkan last I checked, but I had no idea if it had spread further, nor did I really care.

I climbed into bed and Yue hurried in after. A moment later, she was wrapping herself around my side and snuggling close, making a quiet, contented sound as she did. "This is nice," she murmured, sighing against my chest.

Shifting a bit, I captured her chin and tilted her head up, before kissing her lips. Yue whimpered quietly as she kissed back, her arms squeezing me tightly. After a few moments, I broke the kiss with a smile. "Goodnight."

"You," Yue panted quietly. "You can't tease me like that!"

"You enjoy it."

"Yes~," she moaned. "Nn, mean!"

"Mhmm," I nodded, kissing her forehead. "Shh. Sleepy time now."

Yue made a quiet noise of frustration but eventually relaxed. As for myself… At this rate, I'm going to push her down and make her squeal soon. I think she's about ready to snap from all the teasing. When she does, I'll make my move.
Instead of flying straight to the town and risking having my balloon seen, I set us down the next morning on the river that ran down to the town. I was currently running with the sail out and powering the engine, setting a modest pace downriver as we took in the sights.

Sitting beside me and taking in the trees and the moss hanging off of them, Yue eventually wiped at her brow and began pulling her coat off. "Why is it so much warmer?"

"Lower elevation, for one. No cold wind coming down off the snowy mountains. We're a bit further south, too. It's actually still pretty damn cold," I chuckled. This place wasn't quite Florida in the summer warm, but it was definitely a lot warmer than it had been in Chenbao or the northern air temple. The north pole had been below freezing the entire time, save for indoors or in the oasis, and everywhere outside Agna Qel'a had been subject to freezing winds. The air temple had been below freezing, due to altitude. Chenbao was just barely above freezing. Where we were now, in what looked almost like a swamp, I'd say it was about forty Fahrenheit—still cold, but not terrible.

But then, Yue was this world's equivalent to an Eskimo. She grew up in the cold and was used to it. Outside of the oasis, this was likely the warmest place she had been that wasn't right beside a fire. I, on the other hand, had grown up in this world not just on the Fire Nation mainland, but in the capital. I was used to heat. Acclimated to it. Summers there frequently hit over 100F at a guess, with winters never getting below 50F. So while Yue was close to sweating, I was still comfy in my coat, since it meant not having to use the Breath of Fire to keep myself warm.

Eventually, we stopped for the day and set up camp—which was really just going out to gather wood for a cooking fire and then tracking down something edible. Once we had food cooking, a wild turkeyduck in this case, Yue and I got to training. First with basic stretches and exercises to get her warmed up. Then came movement practice—which I'd found the most fun way to do that was to play chase and, every time I caught her, tickle her mercilessly, then let her go to do it again. After that was hand to hand training.

Yue was coming along fairly well on that front. We hadn't been at it long, but she was picking up the basics quickly. Learning how to move, dodge, parry, block, and strike when she saw an opening. How to roll with a blow. How to take a hit and get back up, to come back harder instead of curling up in pain. That last one was a particularly hard lesson I didn't enjoy teaching, but we both knew it was necessary.

Finally, we tied in bending to the fighting style I was teaching her. Yue wasn't entirely sure about this whole waterbending through the lens of fire thing, but I could already see where it would work. It was just getting her mentally in the right place. My answer to that was simple: the tide may be slow, but a raging river or a whirlpool is anything but.

Fast strikes that sent water out, only to pull it back to reuse. Parries and blocks using less water, to swat aside fire or other attacks. Shifting water between its different states unexpectedly, to strike with ice, water, or steam, then bring it back and do it again. There was much less windup to it than the usual waterbender fighting style, and I was slowly increasing her pace to force her to keep up with me. If she could, the advantages a physical medium gave her might allow her to outlast or even outpace most firebenders, as she'd have them completely on the back foot, not expecting her to come out of the gate at their own speed.

It was as we were really getting into our sparring, with me chasing her around the camp, carefully keeping my fire blasts pointed out at the water, and Yue doing her best to actually hit me that we were interrupted.

I leapt for her, a green fireball building in my hand as I got in close, only for Yue's eyes to go wide. "Zuko!"

Reacting on instinct, I dodged, and just barely missed getting skewered by a spear. Our sparring practice came to an abrupt halt as we stood back to back, breathing heavily as we looked for our attackers. A torrent of water flowed up from the river, becoming several bands surrounding us, waiting for Yue to do something with them.

After a few moments, a group of men in straw hats, half cloaks, what looked like kilts, and leather armor on their arms and legs walked out of the trees. They carried spears identical to the one that had been thrown, and pointed them at us as they surrounded us.

"Who are you?" one of them demanded—an older man with a mustache.

"Travelers," I answered simply and Yue nodded.

"We want no trouble. We're just going to camp for the night and then leave."

The men exchanged looks, before the apparent leader said, "You will come with us."

"No." The answer was simple but final, with the weight of a glacier behind it as Yue started turning water into very sharp and pointy lengths of ice. Once again, I was reminded just how sexy Yue could be when she got serious.

Shaking my head, I asked, "Why? You attacked us with no warning and no explanation. You're not exactly instilling confidence that we won't end up with our throats cut, laying in a ditch somewhere."

Looking annoyed, the leader lowered his weapon and motioned for the others to do so as well. "You will not be harmed. Master Jeong Jeong will wish to speak with you."

The name sounded familiar and, after a few moments, I remembered where I'd heard it from. "The Deserter?" I asked, and he nodded.

"Zuko?"

"It was before I was born. A Fire Navy admiral deserted and became kind of a legend, because he actually survived it. Just walked away and they couldn't do anything about it, or so the story goes," I explained. Looking to the leader, I said, "We'll speak with him. Is he on the river or in the forest?"

"On the river. We'll take you there."

"Nah. We'll take my boat," I denied, and turned away. Yue sent her water back into the river and helped me start breaking camp, collecting the meat and the rack I'd made for it while I put out the fire. The leader of this little band of warriors looked put out, but seeing as we weren't giving him much of a choice, he finally climbed onto the boat with us while the rest of them fled back into the forest.

The camp we were directed to was a bunch of wood, grass, and hide huts, built on the banks of the river. A few campfires provided light and I could see several people moving around the camp. I pulled the boat up along the shore and hopped out, tying off to a tree as people began standing up and heading our way to see what was going on.

"Stay here," the hunter, or scout, or whatever he was instructed, before heading for the building closest to the shore.

"Should we finish the food?" Yue asked, and I nodded.

"Yeah. I'll just do it with bending."

We moved the meat onto the bank and sat down, and after setting up the rack again, I used fire to cook the meat evenly while heating a pot of tea. Yue occasionally turned the spit and added seasoning or some of the wine we'd brought from the north. Before too long, an old man wearing ratty clothes came and stood next to us. He watched Yue and I work together for a few moments before nodding.

"That smells wonderful. May I join you?"

"Sure. It looks like it's pretty much done," I nodded.

Yue pulled water from the river and, after a moment of some particularly dark green water dripping away from it as she strained it, created a set of clear plates made of ice. I used my knife to part out the bird for everyone while Yue used waterbending to fill cups with tea. The old man took his plate and cup and made an appreciative noise as he dug in.

"Mm. Excellent."

"Thank you," Yue smiled.

"So," I began, taking a sip to clear my throat. "You're Jeong Jeong."

"I am." Looking between myself and Yue, he hummed. "A firebender traveling with a waterbender. It makes for an odd sight." His eyed trailed down to Yue's neck, before he raised an eyebrow. "Is that not…?"

"A betrothal necklace," Yue beamed, nodding as she leaned close enough to bump me with her shoulder, making the implication clear.

The old man chuckled, shaking his head. "Strange bedfellows indeed. I wish you two luck. You're going to need it."

Yue nodded. "We'll make our own, but thank you."

"Mm." The old master spent a few minutes eating his turkeyduck, before looking to me. "Kim told me the fire you used was green. I told him it was probably just a trick of the light. After all, rare is the firebender who advances even to blue flames. I've never heard of green, except when burning certain metals."

Holding out a hand, I produced a ball of green fire in my palm. "He wasn't wrong. There are even more colors," I shifted the flames to purple, then blue, before letting them dissipate. "But those are the ones I can do right now. I've seen dark red, pink, white—but I haven't quite grasped their meaning yet."

Jeong Jeong's mouth fell open as he stared. "Where did you learn this?"

"From the firebending masters, Ran and Shaw," I grinned.

"Ran and—" the old man snorted quietly. "The last person to tell me that tall tale was Iroh, and that was after he was well into his cups."

I hummed at that, nodding. "You met uncle Iroh? What am I saying? Of course you did. You were colleagues."

Jeong Jeong raised an eyebrow, before leaning in and studying my face closely. "…You really are his kin. Just who are you, boy?"

"Just Zuko," I waved the question off, earning a knowing look in return. "I found the firebending masters by chance. You should go see them, if you have time. There's an island north of the mainland, between it and the land where the western air temple is located."

The old master sighed, before shaking his head. "My days of learning better ways to kill people are long done."

Setting down my plate, I pulled my knife out. Before the old man could react, I ran the blade over the back of my arm, drawing a long, bloody line. Jeong Jeong dropped his plate and tried to knock the knife from my hands. "Are you insane?!" Looking to Yue, he asked, "Girl, can you heal?"

Yue nodded, even as she sent me an exasperated look. "I can, but why don't you watch?"

"What?" the master asked, turning back to me in time to see me conjure green fire and send it rolling over my arm. Blood flaked away as the cut closed before his eyes. "That… How? Fire's nature is to consume! It spreads to destroy everything in its path! So how is this possible?"

"Fire is also the spark of life. It burns away the old to make way for the new. The sun can give life just as easily as it takes it. Think of a forest fire, and how some plants need fire to grow and continue their life cycle, and how it clears out underbrush and clutter."

Jeong Jeong collapsed back onto his ass, stunned. When he said nothing, I picked my plate up and continued eating. Seeing that, he picked up his own plate and cut off a fresh slice of turkeyduck. "And you learned this from the masters?"

"One of many things, yes," I confirmed.

The old man sighed and nodded. "Then I shall have to visit them for myself."

"Just… keep an open mind," I warned.

"I suppose I must," Jeong Jeong nodded, sounding like he had aged thirty years in that moment. Taking up his tea, he took a sip and asked, "You are Iroh's nephew. Tell me, did he teach you to play Pai Sho by any chance?"

"A little bit here and there," I smiled.

"Don't fall for that," Yue warned. "I watched Zuko beat every Pai Sho master in the northern water tribe."

"Yue! You're not supposed to warn them!"

The girl grinned, sticking her tongue out. "It's more fun for me if I do."

The old man laughed, before pushing himself to his feet. "Come, let us see how well you fare. And you, young lady. After I finish with your fiance, I'll test your own skill."

"Oh no, I'm just a humble beginner—"

"Don't fall for that," I warned, earning a pout from Yue. "My score against her lately is tied."

"Even better!" Jeong Jeong nodded.

Given that he was a friend of Iroh's, I opened with the white lotus tile. To my absolute lack of surprise, he followed step for step as together, we laid tiles to create a lotus in bloom.

"I see," the old man murmured. Glancing at Yue, he asked, "If you came from the north, you must have played against Pakku at some point."

"No, it never came up," I shook my head as we began resetting the board. "Most of the time I was playing Pai Sho was to teach Yue."

"You should have," he clicked his tongue.

Humming, I asked, "Is he a member?"

Jeong Jeong raised an eyebrow as he laid down a tile and we started on a new game. "Iroh didn't tell you? Where do you think he learned his fancy counter for lightning bending?"

I considered it for a moment, before nodding, putting down my own piece. "That sounds like uncle."

"So tell me, girl," he murmured, glancing at Yue, "just who are you, really?"

Yue smiled. "Yue, daughter of Arnook, chieftain of the northern water tribe."

Jeong Jeong snorted. "So, a princess then." Looking between the two of us, he chuckled. "Ozai isn't going to like that…"

"What he likes or dislikes will hopefully not be relevant for much longer." My tile clicked down with a little more force than I had intended.

Raising a bushy eyebrow, the old man asked, "What's your plan, then? Usurp your father, marry an enemy princess, and hope that fixes everything?"

"That's part of the plan," Yue nodded.

"The other part is finding the Avatar."

Jeong Jeong snorted quietly. "The entire world has been hunting for him for the last hundred years. If they haven't found the Avatar by now, what makes you think you can?"

"I'm aware that the possibility for failure is high. I'm going to try, regardless. I only need to succeed once. And if I don't? Well, as I go, I'll be meeting new and interesting people, making friends, establishing connections… I've already got an in with the north," I gestured to Yue, who nodded. "Why not do the same with the Earth kingdom?"

"Mm. Not a horrible strategy," Jeong Jeong murmured. "Naive, if you think it will be at all easy."

"Nothing truly worth it is ever easy."

The old man nodded. "Then are you willing to take on a political marriage with some Earth Kingdom princess as well?"

I frowned and Yue turned a smug look on me. It was a conversation we'd had in the past and I didn't like it for the same reason I didn't like the idea of marrying her for politics. "I'm trying to convince him, but it's…"

"Like talking to a brick wall sometimes?" Jeong Jeong supplied with a bark of laughter.

Yue smiled. "Yes. It's fine though. Even stone eventually gives way to water."

"That's not going to be enough. What will you say, when the other nations demand reparations? If you seek peace, they will take it as a sign of weakness. That you, and thus the rest of the nation, lack the stomach to finish the war. They would try to cripple the Fire Nation to remove the possibility of another war. Financially, militarily, technologically. They would demand you ruin the nation to assuage their fears over a second Hundred Year War."

"That's not going to happen," I shook my head. "I'm not interested in destroying our industry or going bankrupt. We'll find other ways to heal the damage done, but destroying ourselves to do it isn't the way."

"And how do you feel about that, princess?"

Yue bit her lip and looked away. After a few moments of thought, she nodded. "Zuko is right. If… if your buffalo yak gets loose and crashes through the market, you don't slaughter the beast, you punish the owner. You don't have to take his livelihood or destroy his means of making money to make up the cost of the goods that were destroyed. You can have him pay over time, or work the debt off. In the north, if he didn't want to do either of those, we would exile him. I suppose in this case, between nations, that would mean cutting off trade?"

"Which leads back to war, when the nation you're trying to sanction or embargo can't get the things they need," I shook my head. "Do you know why Sozin started the war in the first place?"

Yue shook her head. "I don't. Everyone thought he went mad, or just took advantage of the power of the comet to advance the Fire Nation."

"That's wrong," Jeong Jeong shook his head. "It was industry. Being able to use fire to automate labor and advance science. He saw a bright future for everyone and wanted to share that dream with the rest of the world."

"Personally, I'm of the opinion that he wanted to see it done before he died, and that's why he rushed. Because Roku, like most Avatars, wanted to keep the four nations separate and felt like this would be a step too far. That's the problem with giving one person so much power."

Yue frowned. "He didn't start the war because he craved power and territory?"

"No," the old man denied. "Certainly, there was some expansion to secure resources that the fire nation didn't have and the other nations didn't want to trade, or do the work required to produce them. The Fire Nation colonies on the Earth Kingdom mainland were for this. But they were colonies. We did not come and occupy villages and towns that were already populated. We built them new from the ground up and those colonies lived in relative peace with their Earth Kingdom neighbors. After all, they had to live there and the entire goal was trade with the locals. There is history behind this, however."

Shifting a bit where he sat, the old man made himself more comfortable as he looked up at me. "You know this, don't you, Zuko? The folly of your great grandfather."

"Volcanic activity. Crescent Island went up because Avatar Roku, in his efforts to master the Avatar State, triggered that state using the winter solstice. The volcano erupted and half the temple was destroyed—either because of Roku or the volcano, history is unsure which. The eruption triggered seismic instability in the eastern Fire Islands, leading to more quakes and a few minor eruptions. Several villages were damaged or destroyed. Roku helped rebuild, but," I shook my head.

"The damage was done. People were scared. They wanted to move to safer ground. The main island doesn't actually have that much land suitable for living. Not without extensive modification from earthbending to turn the rocky terrain into arable farmland. And the jungle is no good for most people, because it requires too much effort to clear, make into farmland, then keep clear—and that's not to mention the issue of dealing with spirits who don't like having their homes destroyed. The Earth Kingdom offered no aid or shelter and, when they petitioned Earth King… Was it Jialun?" I asked, and Jeong Jeong nodded.

"When they petitioned him to send their people to Natsuo Island, which he claimed at the time despite being part of the Fire Islands chain, he refused. So they did it anyway and Sozin encouraged it. Roku tried to stop it, but he thankfully didn't actually go around smiting normal people just trying to make a new, safer home for themselves. Instead, he went to Sozin and told him to knock it off. So official efforts at founding colonies were put to a halt. Those people were abandoned in the Earth Kingdom to fend for themselves for the latter part of Roku's life. And they still succeeded. They carved out several colonies for themselves and established trade across the Earth Kingdom and back home, achieving Sozin's goal there even without military aid. All of it done peacefully."

Jeong Jeong sighed as he placed a final tile down and I looked over the board, before nodding and acknowledging my loss. I swapped positions with Yue, who took my place and began resetting the board. "Of course, even if the colonies themselves were peaceful, their very presence was an act of war. The Earth Kingdom were rightfully angry at the Fire Nation for making colonies in their territory. And yet, no one speaks of the Earth Kingdom atrocities committed against these colonies. About the constant attacks by Earth Kingdom forces that the residents, who at the time were a mixture of both firebenders and earthbenders, were forced to defend against and entire settlements wiped off the map by landslides, or falling into sinkholes, or simply falling into the ocean. And all of that before the Hundred Year War. Why is that, do you think?"

"I," Yue frowned as she hesitated, thinking it over as she began laying out pieces. They were several moves in before she sighed. "Because it was more convenient to paint all of the Fire Nation as the enemy."

Jeong Jeong nodded, his face grim as he did. "Correct. It is easier to hate your enemy when he is a monster, not a man. Yes, Sozin killed the airbenders, when he sought to disrupt the Avatar cycle. However, the Fire Nation did not immediately wage violent war against either the Water Tribes or the Earth Kingdom, even when Sozin had cause to retaliate against the Earth Kingdom. The war was cold for the first few years. A bloodless war of territorial expansion into areas previously unoccupied by the Earth Kingdom and a colony each in the North and South to facilitate trade, much the same way. And then those peaceful colonies in the north and south somehow mysteriously fell off the ice shelf, all souls lost to the freezing water. How did that happen, I wonder?"

Yue's mouth fell open. "I've never heard…"

I sighed. "Of course not. Why would they? It'd be admitting that, while Sozin did technically start it by expanding and establishing colonies, your people chose murder first. That's bad for morale. A war of Fire Nation aggression and expansion is a lot easier to justify than a legitimate war because the Water Tribes wiped out peaceful Fire Nation settlers." Turning an amused look on Jeong Jeong, I asked, "Were they actually settlers?"

The old man chuckled. "Certainly. It doesn't matter if, before that, they were criminals. Sozin pardoned and freed them, on the condition that they settled and established colonies in the North and South, and supplied them with everything they needed to build their homes. They were Fire Nation citizens in good standing at that point in time and it was not a military expansion. There were no troops sent with them."

Yue blinked as she looked between us. "Sozin… used them as bait?"

I nodded and Jeong Jeong sighed. "If it meant being able to justify retaliation when, not if, the Water Tribes acted against them and gave the people what they felt was just cause to go to war? To drive up recruitment numbers for the army and navy? Yes. Better to sacrifice criminals to the cause than honest citizens. It was practical, pragmatic, and brutal. But none of it would have happened, had the Water Tribes not cut off the ice shelf and sent them into the ocean."

"So then…" The girl sighed, considering the board before her. "So it's all a lie. A series of lies."

"That is the nature of war. Of life. And of dealings between nations. History is learning to sort the lies from the truth of things."

Leaning back against the tent wall, I sent Yue a rueful grin. "Despite the propaganda, there is no real good guy or bad guy in this war. Everyone tries to point the finger at the Fire Nation, while ignoring or hiding the blood staining their own hands. The Fire Nation isn't innocent in this, sure. But neither are the others. The only ones who are are dead, or scattered to the wind."

"It's awful."

Jeong Jeong nodded, reaching over and grabbing a tea pot and a packet of leaves, before offering the pot to Yue, who took the hint and refilled it. The old man heated the tea and refilled our cups. "If it's so awful princess, what do you intend to do about it? I've lived a very long life. I've seen much conflict. If there is one lesson I've taken away from that, it's that nothing will stop until everyone, on all sides, agrees to stop. I can choose to live peacefully, but if my neighbor attacks me, I must defend myself if I want to survive. You cannot sleep next to a rabid dog. However, in doing so, my neighbor can claim I attacked him and go to ask his friends for help. I must call upon my friends, and so on, and so forth, until the fires of war spread to consume entire nations. Both sides must agree to lay down their arms, otherwise one side will always live at the mercy of the other."

"Traditionally, that's been the job of the Avatar," I supplied.

Jeong Jeong nodded. "But when the Avatar is a fool who can't see that his or her actions can do more harm than good in the long term, or when they get so wrapped up in earthly affairs that they forget the spiritual, the world becomes unbalanced. At the same time, expecting so much of one person is unfair. Giving one person the ability to decide national policy on a whim is also unfair to the people of those nations who don't agree with the Avatar. This is why the Avatar should, ideally, not be involved in earthly affairs at all and only focus on their duties as the bridge between the spiritual world and the physical."

"And yet, you can't expect someone to divorce themselves entirely from earthly affairs and turn a blind eye to monstrous acts happening in the physical world," I pointed out, and the old man sighed.

"That is the burden the Avatar must bear. That he or she must regain the wisdom, time and time again, to know when their power is needed and when it is not. To know what actions to take, so as to not unbalance the world fifty years in the future, leaving a mess for a future Avatar to clean up. Which is where we are in the cycle, thanks to the actions of Yangchen, Kuruk, Kyoshi, Roku, and whoever the current one is."

"Then," Yue murmured, considering the board as she placed her last piece and Jeong Jeong immediately capitalized, ending in her defeat. "The Avatar may not be the best person to end this war after all?"

"People will only change if they want to change, or if they are forced to. But if they are forced to, resentment builds and eventually, they return to their old ways. True change must come from within."

"That sounds like uncle talking," I chuckled.

"Where do you think I heard it?" Jeong Jeong asked, raising an eyebrow as he sipped his tea. "Now. Tell me. Where do you intend to go after this?"
The door to the bar opened and conversation stopped. Seven men wearing the blue and white garments of the water tribe stomped their way inside as the tables and bar began to empty, leaving only one person sitting at the bar.

Hahn crossed his arms as he took in the woman still seated with her back to them. Controlling his anger at the disrespect, he said, "Word around town is that you're a bounty hunter. That you can track anyone, for a price."

That got the woman's attention. She sat up a bit straighter and slowly spun on her stool. Leather creaked as she leaned back against the bar and crossed her legs. Dark eyes surrounded by kohl swept over them and dark red painted lips curled into a grin. "Well, well. What do we have here?" the woman's voice purred.

"We're searching for one of our tribe. Princess Yue was kidnapped by a Fire Nation bastard," Hahn explained, as he took in the woman's curves under her armor. She could warm my bed any night.

"And you want someone to find your princess," the woman surmised, and Hahn nodded. "I don't work for free."

Frowning, Hahn pulled a pouch off of his belt. "We don't have gold, but I've heard this is better."

The woman caught the bag tossed to her and opened it, peeking inside. One fine eyebrow went up at the contents as beads of blue jade clicked against each other. "Yep. That'll do," she nodded, cinching up the pouch and tucking it into her pocket. "You have anything that belonged to either of them?"

Hahn looked to one of the warriors with him, who opened a bag and pulled out a shirt. The woman nodded and waved for him to put it away. "That's good. It's late. We'll set out at first light."

"Great," Hahn chuckled, before turning his attention briefly to the man standing behind the bar, who had relaxed as it seemed they weren't about to throw down. "Bartender, a round of drinks for us." The bartender began taking out cups and filling them and Hahn turned a grin on the woman. "So, you got a name, beautiful?"

"June," the mercenary answered with a smirk, before turning back around in her seat and holding out her cup for a refill. "Now, tell me more about the targets. This 'Fire Nation bastard.' Is he just Fire Nation, or is he a bender? Is this princess going to come along quietly, or did she maybe run off with the handsome bad boy and will she put up a fight?"

Hahn settled into the seat beside her. "He's a firebender. A coward who likes to talk a lot. As for princess Yue, leave her to me. We don't need you to fight them, just get us to them."

"Tell me more."

Hahn grunted, slugging back his first drink and demanding another. "The princess is a waterbender. She may fight back. Zuko," he practically spat the name, "is a coward, so they will likely run at the first sign of trouble…"

June sipped on her drink as she listened. As she did, her mind wandered.

Yeah, sounds about like I thought. Fire Nation bad boy rolls into town, seduces the local princess, and makes off with her. Gotta be pretty good looking to make a girl run away from home. The princess sounds like she's going to be trouble herself. I'd prefer not to fuck with a firebender and risk Nyla getting hurt, so not taking this head on. Find the target, lead baldie here to them, and go our separate ways. Not being paid to fight and he even said to let them handle it. Simple jobs where I get paid and don't have to fight are best.
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.
Now with Discord!​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:BloodGoat, VialLemon, Voltrasin and 2,393 others
sinereal
May 29, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 13 New
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
Jun 6, 2024
Add bookmark
#1,919
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
13
"Well? How does it look?" Yue asked, a hint of a smile pulling her lips up as she turned this way and that, showing off a new outfit in Fire Nation reds, black, and gold. Looking her over, I smiled at what I saw.

A long, bright red silk dress with darker red and gold embroidery in a flower pattern clung to her curves down to her knees, with slits at the side of her leg that showed off a generous view of her light brown, toned thighs. Over that was a second garment, though I wasn't sure what to call it, as it acted something like a belt, vest, and went down to her thighs like a second skirt. The second one was mostly black, with gold along the edges and more flower patterns.

Spoiler: Essentially a copy of this:

Stalking closer, Yue backed up a step as I approached, staring up at me with those bright blue eyes as I took her by the hips. Her lips parted and she gasped quietly as I squeezed her, pulling her body flush against my own. I felt the warmth of her body through our clothes and I assume the effect was even greater for Yue, given just how thin the material was. She bit her bottom lip, eyes going half-lidded as she took on a hungry look I'd never seen from her before.

Yue's hands came up, settling on my chest, before fisting in my shirt. Slowly, she pulled me down to her and stood up on her tiptoes. I met her in a kiss, my hands leaving her hips to trail back and down, squeezing her ass in a way that drew a quiet moan from her. Yue's mouth opened and her tongue darted out, flicking experimentally at my own—

"Ahem."

Yue quickly let go and backed away with a giggle, blushing brightly as the sales girl who had been helping her sent us both an exasperated look. Thankfully, she didn't say anything about it.

"Get it," I told Yue, and she nodded immediately and ducked back into the changing booth.

I knew women and clothes—I'd had a lifetime of that and more of the same here, between Azula, Mai, and Ty Lee when the three of them dragged me out into the city for shopping trips. We weren't going to load down my little airship/boat with nothing but the spoils of Yue's shopping. However, we did need some lighter clothes, and in kingdom specific colors.

The world was a bit color coded like that. Wearing too much red in the Earth Kingdom was as likely to get you harassed or put you under suspicion as wearing blue or brown in the Fire Nation. Even if you could prove you were a bender of that type, i.e. a firebender in the Fire nation, they would still ask why you were wearing the enemy's colors. They were almost a uniform, really. And while it was an easy way to try to show your identity or loyalty to a specific group… it was also extremely exploitable against people who were so used to thinking in those terms that they never asked themselves, what if the enemy puts on our colors? It was an exploit I planned to abuse, so Yue and I could better blend in.

The village of Hongcun was an inland port city on a river that connected to the ocean on the western coast of the Earth Kingdom. Given its central position on the northwestern island that made up almost a sixth of the Earth Kingdom's landmass, it was one of the largest trade hubs outside of major cities like Omashu and Gaoling, with trade from all three nations running through it. So, while it was a Fire Nation colony and even held a garrison of Fire Nation troops, it was an open port with a lot of people from across the land passing through it and we didn't stand out all that much.

Even Yue, who was clearly a member of the Water Tribe, was greeted with smiles in the streets. The Fire Nation guard patrols hadn't given us any trouble. That had surprised her, until I reminded her that these were just people. Common folk. Fishermen, craftsmen, traders, and travelers. Just normal people going about their daily lives, trying to make a living.

The guards, while ostensibly Fire Nation soldiers, were more concerned with the security and goings on of the city, the place they called home, than they were with the war effort. These were their people and those from other nations who passed through were guests, without whom trade would dry up and the city would die. They had to live here.

I think that, despite my assurances that the people of the Fire Nation weren't baby eating monsters, it was hard for her to shake years of being told that's what we were. Yue had clearly made an exception for me, but I think she had been reserving judgment on the rest of the Fire Nation. Seeing them like this, having them treat her like just another person, had shaken her a bit at first but she seemed to be adjusting and taking it better the longer we spent here. This was our third and last day in the city and so far today, she had been all smiles.

"And for yourself, sir?" the sales girl asked as we waited for Yue.

"Just these," I hefted the very bland set of clothes I'd picked out in gray, black, and muted brown—something that wouldn't stand out. A simple, conical straw hat went with it. All of it would be going in my trunk on the boat and stay there until it was needed. On my urging, Yue had picked out an outfit in similar colors along with a more sensible set of boots since her insulated boots would eventually become unbearably hot and I didn't want to deal with jungle rot.

We waited around for Yue to finish and eventually, she came out carrying her chosen outfits—the red dress and a bright green and gold set of robes that I thought suited her well. It would definitely draw attention—there was no avoiding that, given Yue's beauty and the fact that she was a bit on the more 'exotic' side, with her Water Tribe looks and the white hair. But it would do it without looking too flashy. That is, it didn't scream 'wealthy' or 'princess.'

We paid and the clerk wrapped everything up for us in wrapping paper and twine, and we headed out arm in arm. "So," I said, looking up at the sky starting to turn the pink and orange of sunset, "you ready to head out?"

"I think so," Yue agreed. "Do you think we can get something to eat before we go? I want to try more different food!"

"Sure," I chuckled, and we followed our noses and some local direction from a vendor to a restaurant.

I wonder how Azula is doing? I mused as I ate, sharing a plate of komodo chicken, steamed meat dumplings, and sauce with Yue—who seemed to enjoy everything. I really hope she didn't actually send Mai and Ty Lee after me. I mean sure, it'd be good for them to get out and see the world, but… it's kind of dangerous.

"What are you thinking about?" Yue asked quietly, one hand reaching out and settling on top of my own.

"Friends. Family," I dipped a dumpling in sweet and sour sauce and pointed it at her. "The food has me feeling a bit nostalgic."

"Mm," Yue nodded, taking a bite from her own dumpling and chewing for a few moments. Eventually, she asked, "What do you think your family will think of me?"

Picking up my tea, I took a sip as I thought it over. "Well, uncle Iroh is going to be pleased. He's probably going to tease. And meddle. Besides that, he'll be fine."

"What about your sister and your friends?"

"Hm." I had to wonder about that. I knew for a fact that Mai had a thing for me. I wasn't blind or stupid. She's probably going to be upset.

A thought occurred as I recalled my talks with Yue about political marriage and I snorted quietly. She raised an eyebrow and smiled. "What?"

"Well, assuming she doesn't try to kill you," I led and Yue chuckled. I almost told her that I really meant that and that she should be worried, but I left it be. "I think you'll get along with Mai. Maybe. You're her main competition."

"Oh?" Yue asked, tilting her head slightly as she considered me. A moment later, she smiled. "I see. So she's interested in you."

"Yeah," I admitted. "I didn't see any reason to rush and—"

"Felt like you would rather build a healthy relationship from a solid foundation of friendship," she smiled, sending me a knowing look. I nodded and Yue asked, "Didn't you say she was a noble's daughter?"

"I did."

"Having a visible tie to the Fire Nation to balance that with the Water Tribes and Earth Kingdom would be wise…"

I rolled my eyes. "Highly doubt you're going to convince Mai to share. You haven't convinced me yet."

Yue simply smiled. "Yet. Give me time."

Shaking my head, I moved on. "Ty Lee is the very definition of a free spirit. If I didn't know better, I'd think she was an airbender. She'll be happy and probably gush about our auras or something like that. Just smile and nod and you'll be fine. As for Azula, I honestly can't say. My sister can be… mercurial at times. She may decide she likes you, or she might decide to fight you. There's no telling which she'll pick. If she does choose violence, the best option is to kick her ass. She only respects people stronger than herself." Wincing, I quickly added, "On the other hand, she's also highly paranoid of anyone stronger than herself, so…"

"She sounds… fun."

"It's okay. You can say it. Crazy. She sounds crazy," I sighed. "I've done my best to manage it over the years, but Azula still has her moments."

There was also the fact that I was pretty sure I had done something to flip Azula's switch at some point. Again, not blind. I'd seen her change in behavior towards me. How she wanted my attention and approval more and more as time went on. Wanting to share the bath and sleep together, even well past the time when most would say that was inappropriate. I hadn't encouraged it… but then, I hadn't exactly discouraged it either.

The problem is, 'brocon Azula' is a hell of a lot easier to deal with than an Azula who can't decide if she wants to kill me or not.

"What," Yue started, only to hesitate. I sent her a curious look and she asked, "What would your mother say?"

"Tough question. If I ever find her, I'll add it to the list of things I want to ask her. But it's not high on my to-do list right now."

Honestly, I still wasn't entirely sure how to feel about Ursa leaving, and I wasn't sure I ever would be. On the one hand, I was mentally a grown man in a child's body. Ursa had been a good mother and I'd loved her as family, even come to accept her as my mother, but I didn't need her the way a child would. On the other hand… I knew what she'd done and why, but not finishing the job and taking care of Ozai was sloppy, and leaving Azula to Ozai's machinations was damned negligent. I was honestly more upset at her for leaving Azula where Ozai could pour poison in her ear than leaving.

We finished our dinner quietly and left the restaurant, heading for the docks and my boat. As we went, Yue made a surprised sound and took off towards a stall, pulling my hand to drag me along. I allowed myself to be pulled and raised an eyebrow at what she found. Letting go of my hand, Yue grabbed a mask painted to look like a white koi's head and held it up to her face, before turning around and showing it off.

"Isn't it cute?!" she asked, her excitement obvious.

"You should get it," I encouraged her with a nod, as my gaze turned over the other masks. I raised an eyebrow when I spotted one that seemed familiar—a blue oni mask with its face pulled into a snarl and horns atop its head.

Yue spotted my interest immediately. Picking it up, she took out her purse and quickly paid for both, before handing me mine. Chuckling, I brought it up and held it over my face. The girl giggled, covering her lips. "It's very intimidating."

"Yes. I'm sure," I rolled my eyes, flipping my new hat upside down and dropping the masks into it.

Yue managed to stop one more time before we got to the docks, grabbing a bag of fire flakes. I hid a grin as I watched her toss a handful into her mouth, only to go wide-eyed and nearly choke. "Careful," I teased. "There's a reason they're called fire flakes."

The woman shot me a glare as she opened her water skin and washed out her mouth. It turned into a pout as I pulled her against my side and we stepped onto the docks. "You could have warned me!"

"And let you miss out on the experience? Never."

Yue huffed and took our things from me. I raised an eyebrow, only to find her hip bumping into mine and shoving me off the dock and into the water below with a splash. When I surfaced, the impish woman was already disappearing inside the boat, laughter following her.

"Oh, I'm going to get you back for that," I promised quietly, pulling myself up onto the walkway. "Not sure how yet, but it's coming."
We followed the river downstream to the ocean, then hugged the coast for the next several days. We passed by a harbor town and, early one night, came across a seedy looking pier tucked away in a cove that seemed to be in use by pirates. A check of the copy of my stolen map in my journal showed it was marked as a port controlled by pirates. Humming quietly, I turned to Yue, yawning in the seat beside me.

"What are your thoughts on pirates?"

"Hm?" she asked, perking up a little. "What do you mean?"

I pointed back to the inlet leading to the cove and the lights from torches and other sources of fire we could still just barely see. "That little port back there serves the pirate fleets that ply their trade around here. Repairs, supplies, trade, that sort of thing."

Yue frowned. "Pirates are a menace. They've raided our traders before and even captured some of our people in the past, to sell them into slavery."

Sending her a smile, I turned the tiller for shore. "How do you feel about crippling their ability to do business, then?"

The girl nodded. "That sounds good. How should we deal with them?"

"Burn it to the ground and make sure no one escapes," I gave the simple answer.

Yue's eyes flew open wide at that and her mouth fell open, before she shook her head. "We can't!"

I blinked, sending her a confused look. "Why not? They're pirates."

"They're people!"

I stared at her. Yue stared back. I cut the engine and eased us onto the shore, before climbing out and tying us off to a tree. I took my time doing it as I considered how to say what I wanted.

When I came back, I found Yue inside the cabin, only a single oil lamp lit to provide light as she changed behind a bamboo and silk paneled divider we'd bought for that. "Listen, Yue," I began, opening my footlocker and pulling out my dark outfit, along with my mask. "Pirates are the worst of the worst. Murderers, thieves, rapists, and slavers."

Quietly, she murmured, "They said the same about you."

I sighed, nodding as I began changing quickly. "I know. This is different."

Yue made a quiet noise of discontent. "If I asked you not to kill them, would you?"

"I'd ask why," I stalled, tying off my belt and settling my sword into place on my back.

"It's not right," she answered, grabbing the divider and folding it up, before standing it against the wall.

I looked Yue over, taking her in for a moment as I considered it. What she wore was a long, flowing set of black and gray robes, with a hood over her head to hide her distinctive hair. Seeing me holding my mask, she grabbed her own and pulled it on. "How do I look?"

"You look good," I nodded. "Very spooky. Someone might even mistake you for a spirit." Yue nodded and crossed her arms, waiting. After a moment, I asked, "Would it be okay to kill them if we were out on the water and they attacked and tried to kill us?"

Her head tilted down a bit, but with the mask on it was difficult to read her. "…If we had no other choice. But we do have a choice."

"And suppose we leave them alive but beaten. They get angry and go even harder after the next target, and the next, and so on, trying to recoup what they feel are losses. Realistically, we would do less damage in the long term leaving them alone than burning that place down."

"But we can't just leave them there, or they'll keep hurting people," she sighed, beginning to pace. After a few moments, she asked, "What if we left them alive, but crippled them?"

"Financially, metaphorically, or literally?"

"All of the above? Take their money, destroy their ships and buildings, and… hurt them. Hurt them in a way that makes sure they can't hurt anyone else, but leaves them alive?"

That's almost more cruel than just killing them, I mused, but considered the idea. It wasn't terrible and I liked that Yue was willing to consider ways of permanently disabling enemies, but it required too much time and came with too many complications. We were outnumbered and we didn't know the makeup of their forces. We couldn't be guaranteed to round them all up and hold them. And even if we could, I doubted Yue had the stomach for it.

"Wouldn't work. They aren't going to just sit still for that and I'm not rounding them up to do it. Also, they might have benders, and there are only two of us. Besides… killing them is one thing, but that's torture, and I won't go there. So, I guess we're leaving them alive," I shook my head and her shoulders slumped somewhat as the tension left her body. I grabbed a bag and emptied it onto the bed, before tossing it to Yue, then doing the same with a second bag, pulling it over my shoulder. Slipping my mask on, I headed for the hatch. "Let's go."

Yue nodded and followed as we left the boat behind and stepped out onto the sandy bank. "Can you make an ice platform and carry us in?"

"Mm," the girl nodded and quickly made a sheet of ice big enough for us to stand on. As soon as we were both situated, she began moving us up the water. "Won't they see us?"

"Make a fog bank."

"Oh!" She giggled, and a moment later, a dense fog surrounded us, pouring out over the water ahead of us with a forward motion of her arms. Quietly, she asked, "So, how are we going to do this?"

"Start with the ships. We'll go quickly and quietly. We want to scout first for anything of value. Gold, jewels, that sort of thing. Think you can use waterbending to move coins around underwater?"

"Sure," Yue agreed.

"Then we'll move everything we find off onto the shore, away from the village and out of sight. We can come back for it after. Anything that needs to be kept dry goes in the packs. Scrolls, paperwork, and especially maps. I'll transfer it all to the journal later. Once we've stripped the ships bare, we'll move out into the village. Find anything that looks like it belongs to a trader and do the same. Take what money we find. Then I'll start a fire. That will give you a chance to sink their ships. While everyone is tending to the fire, I'll see about moving it so it forces them out into the forest so I can burn the rest of the buildings."

"Okay."

We fell silent after that as the port came within sight. There were three pirate ships docked already, but something about their setup seemed off. It took me a few minutes of peering through the fog as we got closer, but eventually, I figured it out. They're too close and it's too narrow. There's no way to turn them around unassisted, and I don't see any sort of tug, or even a rope and pulley system to do it with manpower. Meaning they probably have a waterbender on hand. That… hrm. I'll have to see what I can do.

"They probably have a waterbender to move the ships, so be careful," I quietly warned Yue, and she gave a little noise of acknowledgment.

As we got closer, the sounds of music, singing, and laughter filled the air from deeper in the town. It was clear that at least some of them were awake and still enjoying themselves, likely at whatever watering hole this place called a bar.

When we got close to the first ship, Yue used a tentacle of water to pull us both up the side. We peeked over the railing to see the deck unoccupied, so hauled ourselves the rest of the way over. From there, we hit the captain's cabin first. Thankfully, its occupant was out—likely taking leave ashore at the bar.

I began rifling through the desk while Yue used water to open a locked chest. "Wow, that's a lot," she breathed, and I glanced over my shoulder from stuffing documents into my bag to see what she was looking at. A small mountain of gold, silver, jewels, and jewelry sat in the chest.

"Nice find," I chuckled, stuffing the last of the documents into my bag. Checking the desk for hidden compartments and drawers, I left it when I was satisfied and looked over the rest of the captain's collection of stuff. Nothing really caught my interest, so I had Yue re-lock the chest and move it out of the cabin, before we went down to the cargo hold. The ship wasn't empty, but those on it had apparently already turned in for the night and were sleeping soundly below deck, so we were able to slip in unnoticed. We found another chest with almost as much gold, along with a bunch of high value trade goods—things like bolts of silk. The gold we took, the rest we left.

The next two ships were pretty much just more of the same—quick in and out raids where we grabbed the money and ran. We took a few moments to move the chests to shore for later pickup and I tapped Yue's arm. "Cancel sinking the ships. Let's shove them out away from the docks. The mouth of the inlet is narrow enough that we could easily block it. Set them on fire first, break the keels, punch holes in the bottom, and let them sink as they burn. Should cut off the inlet for a while as they're forced to clean that out. I'll light those last as we're leaving."

"Okay." Pulling her mask up, Yue did the same for my own and gave me a quick peck on the lips, blushing as she did, before pulling her mask back down. "Be safe."

"You too," I nodded, and we split up for the moment. I made my way through the village, doing a quick recon of the buildings. Unfortunately, while I did find stalls and shops, I didn't actually manage to find where they kept any of their funds and I didn't want to take all night looking. So, I went with the plan.

At the end of the docks, away from the other buildings, I found a building locked by chains with a written warning painted on the door, labeling it as oil storage. I used my swords to cut the chains and hurried inside, where I found several barrels of oil. They were heavy, but I was able to pick up two and carry them outside. Moving them into the town, I began setting them up where I wanted them and punching holes in the bottoms with a sword, so they began to leak. It was only a few minutes later that I had everything where I wanted it.

Climbing onto the top of the bar, I pulled off my mask for a moment and focused on the far side of the dock and the oil storage building. Taking a breath and focusing my chi, I projected chi outwards, aiming at one of the barrels I'd left outside. I couldn't quite see the chi in flight, but I could feel it as it moved. It hit the oil barrel and exploded, throwing flaming oil everywhere.

"Fire! The oil's on fire!" I yelled, and the racket below in the bar went silent for just a moment, before people began streaming out.

"Someone find those damn benders and get that fire out!" someone from below bellowed, and I crouched down and pulled my mask on again, waiting as people spread out and began rousing their neighbors nearest the blaze as smoke quickly began to fill the town.

After a few moments, a couple of men came running down the streets. They moved towards the docks with purpose and, as soon as they saw the blaze, they began working together. One of them stomped a foot, sending a wave of dirt towards the fire, while another made the usual back and forth motions of a waterbending kata and water rose from below the dock.

Taking that as my cue, I spun up a fireball in my hand and tossed it at the other side of town, towards a glistening trail of oil I'd left. Making sure it caught, I focused on my chi, bringing my hands together as I leaped down, towards the two unsuspecting pirate benders. I pulled my hands apart, pulling pure yin chi to my left hand and yang chi to my right, as my fingertips began to glow. I landed nearly on top of the two and rolled forward, touching my fingers to their spines and completing the circuit. There was a bright flash and a brief pop, before both jerked and fell over, limp.

Turning as pirates quickly figured out they were under attack, I tossed out another fireball at another oil barrel sitting between us. It went up beautifully, splashing the area and cutting me off from the pirates. The fire quickly began to spread and, without their benders to put it out, the pirates began to retreat.

Grabbing the two pirate benders up and tossing them over my shoulders, I jet-stepped my way across the little bay to the ships. Spotting Yue, I landed on one of them.

"Who are they?" she asked, confused.

"Enemy benders. Don't worry about it for now. Start putting holes in the bottoms of these things, then go grab the loot and meet me back at the boat."

She took off, leaping down to the water and I waited for her to get started smashing them before setting all three ships on fire. Once I was satisfied, I took off for the boat.

I made it back before Yue and found some rope, then quickly tied up my two prisoners, before making sure they didn't have any weapons on them. Then, I untied the boat and cast off, pushing it back and starting the engine as I waited. I heard Yue before I saw her and, a few moments later, she came rushing around the bend in the shore on a wave, the boxes with her. She hopped up onto the boat and sent the boxes into the cabin. As soon as she was onboard, I gunned it and sent us flying away from shore.

Yue pulled off her mask and pulled her hood back. She was breathing hard and had a flush to her face, her hair a bit messy and sticking to her forehead. "That was… that was fun!"

"It was, wasn't it?" I grinned as I pulled my own mask off and handed it to her to go put away. She came back a few minutes later, changed into her normal clothes, and settled in beside me.

"Thank you," she murmured, leaning in and kissing my cheek

"For what?"

Yue hummed. "For being you."

I rested my hand on her hip and gave her a squeeze. "I don't agree with it, but you asked. Just remember, we won't always have a choice, and even if we do, bad things could come from it."

"I know. But killing them in cold blood isn't something I can do, even if they're pirates."

"I understand," I nodded, squeezing her again.

Yue glanced down and toed one of the men at our feet. "So… are you going to tell me?"

Chuckling, I nodded. "I need them to practice."

"Practice…?" she asked, and I held up a hand, conjuring a sphere of energy.

"I think I can remove someone's ability to bend, maybe even give someone the ability to bend. But I need someone to practice on."

Yue's eyes went wide. "What?!"
"Well?" Hahn demanded.

"They were here," June murmured as her mount moved through the city. "The way Nyla's acting, they were here a while. A few days, at least."

The shirshu made her way through town as people scattered around them in the streets. A group of guards approached and she waved in greeting.

"You're causing a disturbance," the one in the lead grumbled.

"Bounty hunter," June countered, and he nodded. "We'll be out of your hair in a few minutes."

The guard nodded and turned the patrol around to move on. "See that you are."

Eventually, the shirshu moved back to the dock, before turning and running towards the bank, then beginning to run down it. "They went downriver. It couldn't have been too long ago."

Two of Hahn's men quickly made a boat of ice and June directed the shirshu onto it, before they began bending it downriver. Sliding down off the mount to stretch her legs, June stretched and popped her back. She looked up as the bald form of Hahn made his way over, crossing his arms as he stared at her. She ignored the way his eyes wandered down her leather-clad body.

"How far away are they?" Hahn demanded.

June shrugged. "It's hard to say. Nyla's picking up the scent over water, so it can't be more than a day or two at most. You said he had one of those bending powered boats?"

"Yeah."

"Those go pretty fast, so it'd really depend on how long he can keep it up. I suppose we'll find out."

Hahn frowned but moved off to speak with one of his men. June turned away, looking out over the water and occasionally checking her mount's reactions to make sure they were still on course.

Something still bothers me about this, though. How did they get from Chenbao to Hongcun that fast, without going around to the west or coming down to the West Lake and turning back north? They could have cut across land, but not with a boat that large, unless the waterbender carried them somehow, but there would have been signs of that. Something weird is going on.

Whatever it was, June would have to try to plan around it somehow. She couldn't have the target escaping once she found them, if she ranged ahead of the client to scout.

These two just keep getting more interesting…
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.
Now with Discord!​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:BloodGoat, VialLemon, Voltrasin and 2,056 others
sinereal
Jun 6, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 14 New
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
Jun 12, 2024
Add bookmark
#2,042
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
14
"Ugh," one of the men I'd captured groaned pitifully where he lay on the ground. The other was completely insensate, staring up at the sky with a sort of broken look.

"That's… mildly terrifying," Yue murmured.

"Yeah, kinda," I admitted, looking down at the two in disgust. "Come on, let's go."

"Mm." Yue followed me the short distance back to the shore and we climbed onto the boat. I got it moving, pointed southwest.

In the distance, we could make out mountains covered in forests. To the left, east, the river leading back to West Lake emptied out into the ocean. I estimated we were maybe a day's travel from where the coast in front of us would turn south. According to my newly updated map, the nearest town was Senlin Village, maybe a day and a half to two days away. The map seemed to indicate that it was either haunted or home to a spirit. Unfortunately, I couldn't remember which one, if any—but I was very interested in meeting my first spirit, so I wanted to go investigate.

"So…" Yue spoke up after some time of riding in silence and simply sitting at my side. I glanced over at her and sent her a raised eyebrow. "Where did you learn to do that?"

"The lion turtle I met, I think. I'm still figuring out energybending, but that aspect seemed kind of… instinctive?" I hummed, scratching my head. "It felt natural. I felt their chi. I felt my own. I reached out with mine, grabbed the part of theirs that felt like either water or earth, and pulled it out. Then poof, no more bending. They still have chi, but no ability to bend elements."

"And giving them the ability to bend fire?"

"Just shoved a bit of my own fire chi in there and it sort of lit up. To make a comparison, it was like lighting a candle with one I already had lit."

That was perhaps the most unsettling part of the whole experiment—just how simple it was to remove their ability to bend. The mechanics of it was simple, anyway. Actually doing the deed required me to overpower them. And while I was fairly strong as a bender, I didn't have as much raw metaphysical strength as a lion turtle, or the Avatar, or even Yue, blessed by the moon as she was. I could do it, but my playing around with a couple of random pirates to figure it out had shown me that it was likely never going to be truly easy. Not unless I became some monster bending prodigy on par with the Avatar in my own element.

Which, if I don't have to worry about getting old, might actually be within reach. Eventually.

"So you could turn me into a firebender?" Yue asked, pulling me from my thoughts.

"Sure, maybe. If you didn't fight me taking away your waterbending. And assuming I even could, miss blessed by the moon spirit." Yue giggled and I added, "It'd be easier to make you an energybender."

Yue blinked, before raising an eyebrow. "You can do that?"

"Maybe. Want to try?" I offered, and the girl nodded. Reaching out, I took her hand and focused on trying to pass on that particular skill.

After several minutes, Yue said, "I don't feel any different."

"It's not working. It feels like I should be able to, I'm just not there yet." To put it in more mundane terms… it was kind of like being spiritually constipated. I knew I could, it just wasn't coming.

Yue hummed, before smiling. "We can keep practicing until you get it."

I nodded, before letting go of her hand and putting my arm around her, earning a happy sound from Yue. "I'll try again later. Don't want to try to force it and get something wrong."

"Mm."

We settled in and enjoyed the ride as we grew closer to the opposite shore, and the Earth Kingdom's mainland. As we went, I wondered how everyone else was doing. What my sister and our friends were up to in the capital. I hoped uncle Iroh was keeping Azula out of trouble, but somehow, I doubted it.
June considered the bank and the two men laying there, insensate. Nearby, there was sign that a boat had landed briefly, before pushing off again. Judging by the way Nyla acted, the cues the well-trained shirshu was giving off, they weren't far behind. Their quarry had been here as recently as only a few hours ago.

"Hahn," one of the waterbenders called as he checked out the two other men. "Something's wrong with these guys."

"They're pirates. Who cares?" June asked, rolling her eyes. "We're close. I would say half a day, but…"

"But?" Hahn demanded, and June pointed south.

"They've got a boat and your guys are tired." Whoever this Zuko guy was, she had to admire his stamina. He had enough to outlast four waterbenders trying their hardest to close the distance between them. "There's a bridge not far from here. We can go up, cross over, and follow the shore. From there, it's a couple of days on foot to the nearest village. If you're planning to fight them, it may be best to take some time to rest first. I can scout ahead with Nyla and see if they decided to stop or move on."

"What makes you think they stopped?"

"You said this guy was some kind of scholar or something."

Hahn scoffed. "Or something," he agreed. "I think he's a grave robber who can tell a good story."

June shrugged. "Either way. A place like Senlin would likely be on his list, if he knows about it."

Hahn looked confused. "Why's that?"

The mercenary grinned, shifting in her saddle as she recalled the tales she'd heard in the bar, the few times she'd passed through. "Forest's haunted. They say a spirit protects it."

The water tribesman rolled his eyes. "Sure."

"Hahn!" one of the men called, and he and June looked over to see one of the pirates sitting up.

Hahn stomped over and crouched down to the pirate's eye level. "We're looking for a guy. Fire Nation. Black hair, gold eyes. Traveling with a water tribe woman with white hair."

The pirate's eyes went wide. "D-d-demon! Evil spirit! You can't! Stay away from him!"

June frowned at the rambling, wondering what could have turned a hardened killer into a blubbering child. Hahn reacted by slapping the man across the face. "Talk sense, or I'll put you out of your misery now!"

The pirate focused on Hahn and nodded shakily. "We, our port was attacked in the night. There was a fire and we," he gestured between himself and the other man, who was still staring blankly at the sky, "were called to put it out."

Hahn looked between the two, clearly recognizing as June did that the one still out of it was water tribe. "Benders?"

"Y-yeah. He's water, I'm earth," the pirate confirmed. "We was in the middle of putting it out before it spread when there was this crack like thunder and I felt like I'd been kicked by an ostrich horse. It knocked us both on our asses. I was too out of it to fight back. Someone carried us out and threw us on a boat. Then," he trembled, clamming up for a moment before Hahn laid a hand on his sword. "The guy did something. He put his hand on my head and reached inside where he shouldn't'a. I tried to fight it, but it was… it was like trying to fight a landslide. He grabbed something inside me and pulled it out, and I couldn't sense the earth anymore. I can't bend! He took my bending!"

Frowning, Hahn stood up and looked to the four benders in their group, who all wore disconcerted looks. "Is that even possible? Or is this guy just nuts?"

"Ehh," one of them hemmed, before answering, "You know those old stories about how we used to live on the back of a lion turtle?" When Hahn nodded, he continued, "Supposedly, the lion turtles gave men bending when they went out to hunt and took it away when they came back."

"But those are just stories," another of them murmured.

"So he's crazy."

"I'm not crazy!" the pirate roared, surging to his feet—only to get a spear through the heart an instant later as one of the water tribe warriors reacted.

As the Earth Kingdom man fell onto his back, Hahn nodded to the other pirate. "The traitor too. Then we'll start walking." He looked at June and asked, "Which way to the bridge?"

June gave Nyla a nudge and started the shirshu moving, following the bank at an easy pace the men should be able to keep up. As she went, she hummed quietly, turning over the pirate's words.

Sure. Maybe he was crazy. But… I've seen weirder shit. Spirits and bender shit are all kind of out there, so why not a bender who can remove someone's ability to bend? Maybe I'll ask when I run him down. Not like it can hurt me if he can somehow do it.

It was nearly noon when they made it to the bridge and began to cross. June whistled quietly as, below them, she spotted a Fire Nation cruiser puffing along at full steam down the river. "They're in a hurry."

"Not our problem," Hahn grunted, before seeming to reconsider. "But if the opportunity arises, maybe we can steal their ship. If we can figure out how to get it to move, it'd make an excellent prize to cement my position as the next chief when I return with Yue, and Zuko's head."

"I'm not being paid enough to assault a Fire Nation cruiser," June shook her head. When Hahn looked to one of his men, who began taking out another pouch of beads, June cut them off. "Nyla's not fireproof. You can't pay me enough to risk her."

"Tch. Fine."
"Come on, Mai~! You can't still be mad we missed him!" Ty Lee sighed, leaning against the railing beside her friend.

Mai shot her a look out of the side of her eye. "I'm not."

"Hmm," Ty Lee hummed skeptically, before smiling. "Then it's because of this fiancee."

Mai's hands clenched on the metal railing and she felt her eye twitch. "No."

"But think about it! Isn't it romantic?! A prince in self-exile. A sheltered princess. Both from nations at war with each other. Then, they run away together because her tribe wouldn't approve and his father would see them both executed before allowing anything to come of it! Huge star-crossed lovers vibes there!"

"Would you shut up?" Mai sighed, looking up at the sky and sending a silent prayer to her ancestors to give her patience to deal with Ty Lee for another day without smothering the girl with a pillow. Blinking, she spotted a bridge crossing the canyon they were passing through and some kind of large animal with a rider. Squinting, she could make out what looked like a group of water tribe traveling with the rider. "What is that?"

"Hm?" Ty Lee blinked, tilting her head back and following her friend's gaze up. "Oh! That's a shirshu! They've got a reeeally long tongue that can paralyze if it feels threatened." Humming, she tilted her head slightly. "Those guys look like bad news. Water tribe though." Perking up, her eyes went wide and she grinned. "D'ya think they're looking for their lost princess?!"

Mai hummed. "Water tribe, in the middle of nowhere in the Earth Kingdom, heading the same general direction we are and we're following what we believe to be Zuko's most likely route, and he's got their princess with him. What do you think?"

"I think this is going to be fun~!"

Sighing, Mai shook her head. "Well, there's nothing we can do about it for now." Glancing at Ty Lee, she asked, "What makes you so sure that Zuko's going to stop in the next village? Aren't you usually the one asking me what I think?"

Ty Lee's head tilted slightly and she grinned at Mai. "That's easy. He's here for that," she pointed ahead, to where the canyon they were in fell off and a forest came right up to the shore. "You can't feel it?"

"Feel what?"

"There's a powerful spirit in that forest. It's protected! You know Zuzu's always had a thing for stuff like this! The map says that village is the closest, so he'll probably stay there for a few days to explore the forest and try to meet the spirit."

"You sure he wasn't just humoring you?" Mai sniped cattily.

Ty Lee stuck out her tongue. "Unlike someone, our Zuzu has an open mind!"

"Uh huh," Mai sighed. Standing up, she stretched and headed for the ladder. "Come on. We should get some practice in while we can. Just in case he doesn't want to come with us and this… fiancee wants to put up a fight."

"And in case we have to fight the water tribe," Ty Lee nodded, hopping up onto the railing and launching herself onto the ladder, before sliding down. "Race you to the deck!"

"Cheater."
I considered my clothes for a moment before hanging my jacket up and deciding against it. Right off the ocean, and further south as we were, the temperature had gotten much milder. The nights were still cold, but days were warm enough that I could do without—especially given that I planned for us to do some hiking. Yue was wearing one of her new silk outfits in Earth Kingdom colors and had been since we torched the pirate town, as she had started feeling uncomfortably warm during the days. I almost felt sorry for her, knowing that it was only going to get warmer from here.

I left the cabin and took my seat at the tiller as Yue moved aside. Sending me an excited look, she asked, "Is there really a spirit in the forest?"

"Maybe. That's what the map says. I guess we'll find out."

"I'm so excited! I've never seen a spirit before!" Yue gushed, and I turned an amused look on her. Blinking, she giggled. "Outside of the Water and Moon spirits, but those don't count! I saw those every day!"

"I'll make sure to tell them they don't count next time we're up north."

"Don't you dare!" Yue pouted and I chuckled. Turning her attention forward, she eyed the village ahead of us. "So, where do we go after this?"

I hummed, thinking it over. We had some time before we needed to be in Omashu to see if we could arrange seeing Bumi, to let him know about the visitors heading his way.

On the one hand, I don't like doubling back. It kind of annoys me. On the other, it's not like we're on a time crunch. Yue doesn't mind and we'll be flying that leg of the journey so it won't take long anyway. I want to see if we can find Toph and convince her to come with. So…

"Gaoling. Stop off for coal, then we'll fly for Gaoling. But first, let's see if we can find a spirit."

Only a few minutes later, I was lowering the sails and cutting the engine, and the boat eased up onto the sandy bank, before Yue gave us a push—bending the water under us to send us further up the bank, well out of the reach of the water at high tide. I lowered the mast and took a few moments to tie off to a tree as a force of habit, then we collected our bags from inside the cabin. Grabbing a spare bit of metal, I took a moment to spot weld the cabin door shut to keep out unwanted visitors, then we left the boat and started up the beach for the village.

The gates were open and unguarded aside from a man standing in a watchtower, so we made our way inside and started looking around. The place was a tiny, walled in village—the walls clearly erected by an earthbender. There couldn't have been more than thirty buildings total, including the big one on the far side of the village. Walking up the streets, we saw there was a general store, a smith, a carpenter, and a small bar with the rest apparently being homes.

Yue smiled at an old lady walking down the street carrying a basket full of bread. "Hello! My name is Yue. I'm a healer. Do you know if there's anyone in need of aid?"

"These old joints could use some care. Beyond that," the old woman jerked a thumb back behind her, towards the largest building in town, "why don't you go ask the headman?"

"Mm! Thank you!" Yue smiled and gave a little bow, before taking my hand and dragging me along. It wasn't long before we had spoken with the headman and Yue was set up in his front room, with a line of villagers coming in to have their bumps, scrapes, aches, and pains soothed away. While she did that, I politely interrogated the headman about the spirit in the forest.

According to the headman, the spirit in the forest was a forest spirit. I contained my eye roll as he went on to tell tales of how it looked after the forest, supposedly showed them which trees to fell, and generally peacefully coexisted with the village. From what I gathered, it was benign and generally kept to itself, unless it got curious. There were rumors that it took the form of a panda, but no one could truly confirm that, according to the chief.

Once the well ran dry on information about the spirit, I checked in with Yue and saw she would be a while—the rest of the day, most likely. Seeing as she was occupied and I didn't think there would be any trouble in this small town, I made my way outside and down to the beach to get in some practice.

I fell into my usual routine, doing my standard physical exercises first, before moving on to my swords, then on to bending. When I finished my run through of the standard firebending katas, I began on a new one I'd started putting together based on what I had seen of waterbending and how my fire-as-water bending worked.

Arcs of fire rolled out over the water, hitting the surface and spreading as they quickly burned off. Fireballs went out over the water with the same launch velocity as my normal fireballs, only to explode either on impact with the water or after a short distance, spraying the area with flaming sheets and droplets of fire. Large waves of fire moved like oil over the surface of the water, several feet tall but growing shorter the further out they went, spreading in a wide arc from where I'd launched them and engulfing a large area in front of me.

Once I was satisfied with my practice with fire-as-water for now, I moved on to my latest project. I didn't have an airbender to study from, but I did have copied scrolls in my journal, detailing their forms and bending style. Without someone to observe, I'd have to make it up as I went along, but honestly that was half the fun. Now that I had some experience with water, I was trying to move on to air to see what I could do there.

The simplest use was, ironically, something I had figured out ages ago. Blue fire was really just getting fire up to the right temperature to shift to blue. This could be done one of two ways. The first was simply adding more energy—which is what Azula did. She had burned way more chi to get her fire hotter, until she figured out the other method. The other method being, using chi to draw in more fuel.

So, I practiced drawing in more fuel, then producing jets with my strikes. I already did similar when I wanted to cut something. It was basic, but as I practiced, I slowly gained more of a feel for how fire and air interacted, now that I was looking for it. As I worked, I began experimenting. Trying to cram more fuel into fireballs without burning it until I was ready. Trying to increase the velocity of my fireballs, or even find a way to launch them further. If I could mimic a cannon using air and fire, I thought that would be ideal for launching fireballs at range.

Eventually, as it got dark, I moved on from fire to energybending. Practice there was much slower than it was with fire. I was still trying to figure out what it could do, so I was pretty much just throwing things at the wall to see what would stick. Today's experiment? Cramming as much chi as I could into a ball and flinging it out over the water like a fireball.

It was well past dark when Yue stopped behind me as I threw out one last ball, watching it zip over the water before exploding in a concussive blast that rattled my teeth in my skull even from this distance. Soft, warm hands landed on my bare shoulders and she pressed herself against my shirtless back.

"The village is throwing a feast as payment for healing everyone. Come eat with us."

"Sure," I agreed. "If you'll give me some water to wash off. I worked up a sweat."

"It doesn't smell bad," Yue chuckled, but did as I asked. Once I felt clean, I dried off and pulled on my shirt and joined her on the walk to the village. They had roasted something that looked vaguely pig-like and it smelled delicious.
So, that's the boat, June mused as Nyla stopped beside it, sniffing around.

It's got one of those bending engines on it, like Hahn said. And a coal engine. Must be new, because he didn't mention that. But what's the rest of this crap? Mounting point on the top that ties into the drive shaft… Why would you put a screw on top? Something big in that case along the left side of the top. Some kind of… smoke stack coming from the top? Why would you route it through the cabin, then have it come up there? Seems like it'd just get in the way of the sails and whatever is in the case. Sails aren't painted black from soot, so it's obviously not actually smoke coming out of there.

Sliding off Nyla, June dropped into the sand and climbed onto the boat. Finding the latches on the tube shaped case along the top, she popped them open and lifted the case open. "Cloth?" she murmured, fingering the blue material she found inside.

Spare sail maybe? No, doesn't have the same consistency as sailcloth. It's lighter. Thinner. Ropes over it, too…

Moving down the tube and getting ready to close it, she paused as she spotted something near the 'smoke stack' on top. Pulling out the material, she found a hole that roughly corresponded to the location of the stack and was just a bit wider.

So, this goes over the hole. Why? It'd just fill up with smoke. …Or hot air.

Slowly, an idea began to take shape in the bounty hunter's mind, as memories of the Fire Festival held in some colonial villages surfaced… and the lanterns they lit and released, that filled the sky. June's eyes widened as everything fell into place. How they had crossed the land with the boat. Why there would be a screw on top of the boat. Why they would route hot air up into a balloon the size of a boat.

Is that even possible? she wondered briefly, before shaking her head. No, it must be, otherwise there'd be no point to all of this and they couldn't have crossed miles and miles of forests, even with a waterbender moving it over the land somehow.

Carefully putting the balloon back in, she closed everything up and left it as she'd found it, before climbing back into Nyla's saddle. She kicked the shirshu into motion as she turned over what she now knew. Nyla circled the village, then took off heading north, following a trail into the forest—and from all the signs she was giving off, the trail was fresh.

Air travel hasn't really been a thing since the airbenders were killed off and the flying bison went into hiding. If someone's figured out how to do it with mechanical power, the same way the Fire Nation moves their ships, then this is big. As big as coal engines and steam powered ships. Haven't seen the Fire Nation flying around in big fucking war balloons, so it's new. Either this Zuko guy stole it, bought it, or he came up with it. First case, there's someone else out there who knows how to make flying balloons. Last case, it's just this guy. There's going to be a lot of money in this. A lot of power, too. Do I really want to piss off the guy who's probably going to be some rich lord very soon?

Nyla slowed and June walked her into the forest a few yards before she eased back on the reins, bringing the shirshu to a stop. "Stay here," she murmured, slipping out of the saddle and moving silently through the forest while following the trail. It wasn't long before she heard voices and shortly after, she got her first look at her quarry.

That's definitely a water tribe princess, June mused, crouching in the undergrowth as she watched them stop to gather edible plants. The girl she assumed to be Yue picked a large mushroom and offered it to the man, Zuko, who made a disgusted face and offered a bag for Yue to toss it into with a giggle.

Cute. Shame I have to break this up, she mused, silently following them as they moved.

She followed for over an hour as they moved through the forest, before Zuko made some hand signs and Yue nodded, falling silent and crouching. Zuko jumped into a tree overhead and moved along above the trail, silent as a ghost as he drew an arrow and disappeared in the canopy. A few minutes later, an animal squealed. Shortly after that, June heard a whistle and Yue stood, following down the path after Zuko. June caught up in time to see them enter a clearing with some sort of statue depicting a family of bears in the middle and stream off to the side—Zuko carrying a freshly killed fox deer over his shoulder.

One shot, clean kill.

Over the course of the next few minutes, the pair cleaned and prepared the animal, then broke up to begin setting up camp. They were quick and efficient about it and it wasn't long before they had the animal over a spit, roasting over a fire Zuko lit.

The longer she watched, the more she felt certain that Hahn was trying to bite off more than he could chew. But that wasn't her problem. June wasn't being paid to fight or advise, she was being paid to track—and she had. And from the looks of things, her quarry were making camp for the night, which would give her client an opportunity to ambush them.

June followed her trail back through the forest, then once she was certain she wouldn't be heard, stepped out onto the trail and started jogging back to where she had left Nyla. It wasn't long before she was riding her mount back out of the forest and down the beach beside the treeline. Eventually, she found Hahn and his band walking up the beach towards the town.

"Well? Did you find them?"

"Yeah, I found 'em. They're in the forest, camping for the night. It'll be easier to head up to the town then take the trail straight to them."

Hahn leered and started marching just a bit faster. "Finally, some good news! We'll get close and set our own camp and get a few hours of sleep, then attack in the middle of the night."

There were rounds of agreement from his men and June nodded, following along. "Then this is where we part ways. I'll be in town, spending some of my hard earned money."

"You know," Hahn sent her a considering look, "the north could use someone like you."

June shook her head. "Thanks, but no thanks. I'm more of a come and go as I please kind of girl. When you get to the village, cut east along the treeline and you'll find a path heading north. They're a few hours' hike in, camped in a clearing. Less if you run."

With that, she kicked Nyla into action and took off, not wanting to spend another unpaid minute with Hahn and his tagalongs. Behind her, she faintly heard Hahn grumble something along the lines of, "What a bitch."
"Ahh, it's locked," Ty Lee sighed.

"Welded shut," Mai shook her head, pointing to the join Zuko had made to keep the door to the boat's cabin closed. "Come on, let's—"

"Oh hey, it's that shirshu!"

Mai paused, watching as the big animal and its rider approached from the north. Remembering who they had seen that rider with last, she leapt off the boat and motioned for Ty Lee to follow as the big animal slowed and leapt over the gate leading into town, ambling down the street. They watched as the rider dismounted and led the big animal into a small side street beside what looked like the local watering hole.

"Nyla, stay," the leather-clad woman ordered, heading into the bar.

Mai and Ty Lee exchanged a look before Mai pointed up the street, towards the largest building in town. "Ask around. See if anyone's seen Zuko. I'm going to go keep an eye on the mercenary and see what I can learn."

"Right. If she's here, those Water Tribe guys won't be far. We need to find Zuzu before they do and warn him!"

Mai nodded and the pair split up, Mai making her way into the bar. Looking around, she spotted the older woman sitting on a stool at the small bar itself. Making her way over, Mai dropped into the seat beside her.

"What'll it be?" the man behind the bar asked, and Mai shrugged, opening her coin purse and producing a gold coin.

"What will that get me?"

The man quickly swiped it and bit into it, before nodding. He pulled something down off the top shelf and dropped the dusty bottle on the counter with a glass. "Enjoy."

Beside Mai, the older woman turned an amused look on her. "Let me guess… Rich noble girl and this is your first trip away from home? Fire Nation too."

"Maybe," Mai shrugged, pouring herself part of a glass. "Do you know anything about the area?"

"Heh. I've come through here a few times. I'll tell you what I know if you'd be willing to share," she nodded at the bottle. "It's always more fun to drink with company than alone."

Considering for a moment, Mai nodded. The older woman stood and nodded her head towards a table in the back and she followed. They sat and the older of the pair finished off her glass before holding it out for a refill. "June."

"Mai," Mai introduced herself as she sat and poured.

"The first thing you should know is to stay out of the forest at night. There's a spirit that doesn't like to be disturbed…"
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.
Now with Discord!​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:BloodGoat, VialLemon, Voltrasin and 2,105 others
sinereal
Jun 12, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 15
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
Jun 19, 2024
Add bookmark
#2,133
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
15
Mai hummed, considering what she'd been told as June leaned back in her seat, sipping at her drink. So, Ty Lee was right. Zuko is likely here for the spirit. The question is, would he be crazy enough to go out hunting for it in the forest at night?

Before she could come to an answer, the door to the small bar opened and, a moment later, quick and quiet footsteps rushed up to her side. "Mai!"

"Hm? Who's your friend?" June arched an eyebrow, looking Ty Lee over with a curious gaze.

"Ty Lee. Did you find something?"

"I know where Zuzu is! He went out into the forest!" the acrobat grinned.

June blinked. "Zuko?" Mai acted instantly and the mercenary bounty hunter looked down, suddenly finding something sharp poking at her inner thigh, where the light armor on her legs didn't cover. "Well, that's just rude."

Mai leaned forward, applying a little bit of pressure. Beside her, the normally upbeat Ty Lee had tensed and grown serious. "How do you know that name?"

June snorted quietly, before tossing back the last of her glass and pouring a refill from the bottle. "Threats aren't going to work on me, girly. But you know what will? Cold, hard money. I'm a mercenary. I can be bought."

The girls exchanged a quick look before Mai pulled out her coin purse and flipped a gold coin onto the table. June looked at it, then back to Mai, expectantly. Frowning, Mai added another, and another. It was at five coins and Mai seriously considering poking a hole in the woman when June swept the coins up and spoke. "I was hired to track a couple of people, one of whom was a guy named Zuko. The trail led here."

"So, you were with those water tribe guys," Ty Lee asked, and June nodded.

"Yep."

"What do you know?" Mai demanded.

June hummed. "Just what I've been told, and what I've observed firsthand. They're a northern water tribe war band, led by a guy named Hahn. He's kind of a clown, but they're competent and dangerous enough. At least four of 'em are benders. As for who they're chasing, according to them, some minor Fire Nation noble went up north and kidnapped their princess, and they're trying to get her back. I got the impression it's a lot more complicated than that."

"No kidding! Zuzu didn't kidnap princess Yue. It would be more accurate to say they eloped!" Ty Lee grinned.

"They're not married yet," Mai growled quietly, glaring at her friend briefly, before shifting her attention back to June. "You tracked them. Where are they?"

June smiled and sipped her drink as her eyes cut over to the coin purse. Mai made a frustrated noise and pulled out more coins. Once more, June waited for five coins before sweeping them into her own purse. "There's a trail into the forest to the north of town, several hours of hiking out. They're camping in a clearing with a big statue and a bunch of smaller ones. The trail runs right into it. Can't miss them." She took a sip as Mai removed her foot, then added, "Oh, and you might want to hurry. I got here first, but Hahn and his goons won't be far behind."

"Alright! Let's go!" Ty Lee grinned, pulling at Mai's hand.

Mai twisted her hand out of Ty Lee's grasp and considered the mercenary and what she knew of Zuko. If we confront him, there's a chance that he could give us the slip. But we know where he's going. Back to his boat. So, why not cut off that avenue of escape?

"How much to hire you for guard duty?" Mai demanded and June grinned.

"Now we're talking. Who, what, or where am I guarding? What duration? Is combat expected?"

"A full day, starting now. Here, on the beach. Zuko's boat. No combat expected, but maybe possible if this Hahn guy tries to torch it. Definitely possible if Zuko shows up first. You don't have to fight them, just stall. Get him to talk and he'll stall himself. If he shows up before us, just keep him busy until we get there."

"He's a firebender. He's not going to try to torch me or Nyla, is he?" June asked, and Mai and Ty Lee shook their head.

"No way! Zuzu wouldn't burn a pet! And he won't fight unless you start it, or you give him a reason to!" Ty Lee defended their friend.

"Fifty."

Mai winced. "That's a lot."

"Short term mission. Low danger but at least some expected. Two gold an hour for twenty-four hours plus convenience fee," June explained.

Narrowing her eyes, Mai countered, "Twenty-six. You get the rest if you have to fight."

"Thirty-five. Take it or leave it, rich girl. But if you leave it, I'll sit there on the beach and watch as lover boy takes off and leaves you behind. Again," the mercenary leered.

Making a quiet noise of frustration, Mai counted out the coin and tucked her purse away. June stood and followed them outside, before pointing towards the northern gate. "Better hurry."

Mai and Ty Lee took off running, leaving the older woman behind. As they crossed the open area between the village and the tree line, Ty Lee glanced towards the beach, then quietly called, "Mai! Those water tribe guys are here!"

"Run faster!" Mai grunted as they hit the trail.

Unfortunately, while their stamina was good, they couldn't run forever—especially not through the forest and in the dark. They had to slow down when the canopy grew too thick to see by the moonlight. They stopped to make themselves a couple of torches and took the opportunity the total darkness provided to catch their breath, knowing that the water tribesmen would have to slow down as well. Still, a jog was better than a walk, and Mai felt like they were making good time, even if the irrational part of her mind worried that Zuko would be gone again by the time they got to the clearing.

It was some time later when they caught sight of something on the trail ahead of them and Ty Lee reached out and grabbed her sleeve. Quietly, Mai hissed, "What?"

"You really can't see it," Ty Lee shook her head. "Come on. Slowly."

Seeing as her usually silly friend was unusually serious, Mai fell silent and did as she was told. As they advanced, the figure became clearer in the torch light, eventually resolving into a large panda shuffling along down the path. Mai sighed. "It's just a panda—"

"No, it's not," Ty Lee shook her head. "Be quiet and do what I do."

Frowning, Mai shut her mouth and followed as Ty Lee led them to the right side of the road. The panda's head shifted, one ear flicking as it glanced at them over its shoulder, before plodding a few steps over to the left side. When they drew even with it, Ty Lee turned and bowed. Mai raised an eyebrow, only to have to force herself not to respond when Ty Lee grabbed her shoulder and forced her into a bow alongside her—the other girl's grip like iron on her shoulder, even as her arm trembled.

The panda paused in its shuffling gait and, to Mai's surprise, nodded its head, before turning away and continuing on. Ty Lee pulled at her shoulder and hurried her down the path at a fast walk. Mai held her tongue until Ty Lee let go and breathed a sigh of relief.

"Oh wow, I thought we were gonna die~!" the girl whimpered, her breaths coming in short pants.

Mai eyed her friend skeptically. "You're saying that was a spirit? It looked like a panda."

"It was definitely a spirit!" Ty Lee shook her head. "A strong one, too."

Mai had some doubts, but she couldn't readily disprove it. And it was kind of weird that it nodded back to them.

Shaking her head, Mai picked up her pace a bit. "Come on. It shouldn't be much further."

Finally, they came to a clearing. Off to one side, the remains of a camp fire sat in front of a tent, coals glowing in the dark. What drew the eye most was the ice formation around the tent—a series of spikes sticking up from the ground that looked razor sharp.

"Sooo… How do we want to do this?" Ty Lee wondered. "We never talked about that."

Mai sighed, before marching across the clearing. Picking up a rock off the ground, she tossed it at the tent, where it hit the material with an audible thump. There was a quiet sound of shuffling from inside and she called, "Zuko."

A groan sounded from inside the tent, then the flap opened and the familiar form of their friend stepped out—shirtless and wearing only a set of the under-things Mai knew he preferred. "Mai? Ty Lee? What the f—" He sighed, reaching up and palming his face.

"Hi Zuzu~!" Ty Lee chirped.

"Hey, Ty Lee," he grunted, before shooting an annoyed look at Mai. "Do you have any idea what time it is? This couldn't have waited until morning?"

Mai narrowed her eyes. "Sure. We'll just come back after the water tribe ambush."

The tent flap opened again and a head of loose, bright silver hair poked out. "The what?"

"Oh, some guys from the water tribe have been following you! I think their leader's name is… Ham?"

"Hahn," Mai rolled her eyes.

"Riiight! Him!" Ty Lee nodded.

Zuko cast a look at the girl with her head poking out, before turning back to them. "Stay there. We'll get dressed."

Mai nodded as Zuko ducked back into the tent.
"Are those your friends?"

I sighed, pulling on my clothes and mostly ignoring Yue as she did the same. This wasn't the time to get distracted, no matter how nice the view was. "Yeah."

"I see," Yue murmured, and for a moment I wanted to ask what she thought she saw, but it could wait.

"How the hell did Hahn track us down?"

"Well," Yue hemmed, "the water tribe are good trackers. We kind of have to be, to get anything other than fish in the north. And they're warriors, so they're the best we have."

I turned and sent her an incredulous look. "We didn't leave any tracks to follow. Someone must have spotted us."

"Maybe," Yue shrugged. "Let's ask your friends. Maybe they know."

I conceded the point as I finished tying everything into place and adjusting my sword where I wanted it, in case this got messy. With that, Yue and I stepped out of the tent and Yue waved her hand, shifting the ice around us into water and sending that into the nearby stream. We joined Mai and Ty Lee at the camp fire, all of us keeping an eye on both the trail coming from town and the woods surrounding the clearing, in case they got cute and circled around.

"Alright, tell us what's going on."

Mai nodded. "We intercepted a mercenary in the nearby town and got the story out of her. Hahn paid her to track you here. She led him right to you."

Frowning, I thought on what I knew before asking, "Sexy older lady, wears a lot of black leather? Rides a big shirshu?"

"How did you know?!" Ty Lee asked, grinning.

Mai's eyes unfocused for a moment as she quietly admitted, "She ​was​ sexy. Maybe I should invest in some leather…​"

"Lucky guess," I grumbled. Though I suppose, if anything in this world would be able to track us by scent despite being in the air, it'd be a shirshu. Well, if she's not here, we don't have to worry about fighting it.

"How any men did he bring?" Yue asked.

"Eight others. I think half of them are benders," Ty Lee supplied.

"A full war band," the princess murmured.

I thought back to my time in the north for a moment. "Sounds like the same assclowns who were hanging out with him."

Yue covered a smile at the description, but nodded. "Yes. Units are formed during training and aren't often disbanded or changed unless a member dies. Those nine will be with each other for the next ten to twenty years."

"So, how do you want to deal with them? Counter-ambush?" Mai asked, and I shook my head.

"Just wait for them. If they see us awake, I don't think Hahn's going to be able to contain himself. He's kind of an idiot like that. After that," I glanced at Yue, "I suppose we'll see."

My fiancee frowned minutely, but nodded. "I would prefer we just send them home."

Mai met my eyes and raised an eyebrow, tawny eyes briefly glancing at Yue. That look spoke volumes, but I shook my head. "So~," Ty Lee grinned, "if we're just waiting up for them to get here… What have you been up to and how did this," she gestured at Yue, "happen?"

"How indeed," Mai murmured, eyes narrowing minutely at me. Those usually warm eyes, a few shades off from my own gold, felt particularly hot at the moment.

That was the thing most people failed to understand about Mai. She wasn't the cold type. Far from it. She just kept it all inside. She may seem cold and aloof to outsiders, but I'd had years to study the creature that was Mai in her natural habitat and I knew her better than anyone.

She is pissed. I'm going to have to do some sweet talking if I don't want her trying to tie me up and drag me back.

"Well, you see, it all started when I got lost in a storm. I was already out to sea by the time I realized it was coming…"

I kept my eyes on the path from the forest as I spoke, waiting and listening for any sign of Hahn as the others, despite paying rapt attention, likewise kept an eye out for trouble.

"…And that was when I spotted a Fire Nation cruiser coming for the island, so I took off."

"We knew that was you!" Ty Lee laughed.

"But a lion turtle? You really expect us to believe—"

We all jumped as the night was rent by roar, followed by a high, womanly scream from nearby—and then the screams of men… Then silence, as even the sounds of the forest fell off. I summoned fire to my hands as Yue pulled a streamer of water from the creek to surround us.

Mai cast a glance at me before nodding towards the trail. "Zuko, go check it out."

"Why me?!" I hissed.

"You're a man, aren't you?!"

"That's sexist! Equal rights, equal frights. You go check it out!"

"You've got your own light!"

"Fuck that, I'm not getting ganked by something nasty in the dark." I shook my head and put out my flame, before creating a sphere of bright chi and tossing it towards the trail. We tensed as a figure loomed large in the darkness…
They were so close Hahn could taste it. Soon enough, he'd have Zuko's head in a bag, and then Yue… Well, he wasn't going to wait. No, better to claim her on the spot. Teach her her place and keep anyone else from getting any ideas about going after her.

One of the men signaled for his attention and, when Hahn looked over, quietly said, "I smell smoke. We're getting close."

Hahn nodded as he and the others started getting ready, checking their weapons and water for the benders of the group. They slowed down to a crawl and soon enough, Hahn could hear voices through the trees. His jaw clenched as he recognized the tones of Zuko's voice, but not the words he was saying.

"They're awake. Should we wait?" one of the men asked, and Hahn shook his head.

"Let's get closer and observe first."

They moved up the trail and eventually, ahead of them, the trees opened up into a clearing. With the more sparse trees and thinning of the canopy, some light made it through from the moon and stars, and they could even make out the very faint red glow of warm coals. Through the trees, they could see the shapes of four people sitting around the remains of a camp fire.

Perfect. Their night vision will be ruined and they're distracted. We'll get a bit closer and plan out how we'll attack. We may need to circle around. Or not… Send two of the men to circle around, wait for them to get into position, then have the main force step out and draw their attention. Zuko runs his fucking mouth, so he'll be easy to distract while the others slip up from behind.

That was when something on the path ahead caught Hahn's eye. Moonlight splashed off the large, lumbering form of a bear. It was black and white, and not a breed he was familiar with, but it was definitely a bear—though much smaller than the polar bears they had up north.

He would have ignored it and let it continue on its way, but there was just one problem with that…

It's heading right for the camp. It'll alert them. As an afterthought, the idea of bringing back an exotic black and white bearskin rug was kind of appealing and would definitely be something to brag about.

Making a snap decision, Hahn drew his sword. He rushed forward, the others close behind, moving as silently as he could. Hefting his sword, Hahn aimed for the animal's head. He'd only get one shot at putting it down silently, so he had to make it count.

Something must have given him away however, as the animal's ears flicked and its head abruptly turned. Hahn swung down with all his strength, but the bear moved and instead of hitting its skull, the whale bone blade landed in the thick fat and fur around its neck—drawing blood, but only working to infuriate the animal.

The bear reared back and stood up.

And up.

And up.

The group froze as the 'bear' swelled in size, its form changing into some grotesque, four armed monstrosity with a mouth that looked like it could swallow them whole. That mouth opened and it roared. Someone screamed—definitely not Hahn, if he survived to tell the tale. It was—

The monster swiped its claws and everything went black.
Mai was the first to recognize it as she sighed and the tension drained from her body. "Oh. It's just the spirit bear."

The black and white form of a panda lumbered into camp and I grinned, even as Ty Lee tensed and Yue looked unsure. They looked even more unsure when its plodding gait took it straight towards us.

"Uhh, maybe we should leave," Ty Lee murmured, backing away slowly.

Looking at the bear, I followed its gaze and chuckled, before reaching out and grabbing Yue. "Don't bother. He's just coming to say hello."

"Eh?!" the princess blurted, confused but not resisting as I pulled her towards it. "Zuko?"

"It's Hei Bai, the local spirit. He's harmless. Friendly, even. Well, that is, unless you piss him off," I explained, as seeing the bear jogged my memories of what I'd actually seen in the show. "I saw some bamboo nearby. Ty Lee, could you bring us some?"

"…Alright, Zuzu," the acrobat murmured, and I heard her move to do so.

The bear came to a stop and plopped down on its ass as we got close, then inclined its head in a bow. We stopped a few feet from it and Yue quickly returned the gesture. "Um, hello?"

The bear chuffed and shifted forward, before thumping Yue's hand with his head. She hesitantly reached out and petted the big animal's head. Hei Bai's eyes closed and Yue, seeing he seemed to enjoy it, grew more sure of herself and more enthusiastic as she scratched the spirit's head. Ty Lee approached with a small bundle of bamboo, then quickly backed off after handing it to me. I offered one of the sprigs to the bear and he happily took one and began chewing.

"Yeah, he's a good boy. Come on, Ty Lee. Mai. Don't be shy."

"I'm good!" Ty Lee squeaked, shaking her head.

Mai considered, before shrugging and moving up to take one of the sprigs and feed the bear herself. "This wasn't how I was expecting tonight to end."

"Could be worse," I shrugged, handing her the bundle of sprigs. "Here. I'm going to go check out that noise. I'll be back."

I conjured another sphere of chi and Hei Bai's eyes snapped open. The spirit studied me and I held its gaze for a few moments, before heading towards the forest trail, feeling the bear watching the whole time. Apparently, that little trick had caught its attention.

Moving onto the trail, I walked down it a ways, following our tracks and those of the bear as I went, until I found what I was looking for. More tracks—a group of nine other people, who had been following the trail. A place where bear tracks shifted into something enormous. The fading stench of human urine and fecal matter, but no actual sign. A few drops of blood splattered on the ground.

"The hell happened here?" I muttered, crouching and studying the blood and where it lay, right where the set of bear tracks shifted into monster tracks. "Did… did those idiots attack it?"

Standing, I inspected the woods to either side of the trail. I found neither hide nor hair of what I suspected to be Hahn and his men. No bodies. No blood. Just a bit more bamboo than I remembered there being on the sides of the trail.

Didn't the bear send people to the spirit world when it got pissy? I mused, thinking back to the show I only vaguely remembered. Is that what it did here? I don't think it even eats meat.

Shaking my head, I headed back to camp, extinguishing the floating lights once I made it into the clearing. The others turned to look as I approached and Mai asked, "Well? What was it?"

"Pretty sure that scream was Hahn and his boys." Moving closer to Hei Bai, I studied the spirit for a few moments before finding what I was looking for, where the fur transitioned from white to black. I carefully poked it and the bear grunted. I pulled my hand away, covered in blood. "They attacked him alright."

"Oh no, that's bad," Ty Lee whispered. "What happened?"

"Pretty sure they got… spirited away." The response was instant as Mai reflexively smacked my arm and glared. "Ow. Help. Abuse."

"You deserved it," she grumbled, as Yue giggled.

Looking up at me, she asked, "Could you get the spirit water?"

"Sure," I nodded, and headed to the tent. It only took a moment to search Yue's pack, and I came back with the metal jug she kept in the bag—with the second one being in the boat.

Yue opened it up and pulled a small streamer of glowing water out. Hei Bai turned his head and offered his neck/shoulder where the blow had struck. We watched as Yue quickly knitted the skin back together, the glowing water sinking into the spirit before disappearing entirely. "There! All better!"

The bear chuffed and bumped Yue's leg with his head again, before standing and plodding off, towards the tree line. Chuckling, I pulled her into a side on hug. "I think you made a friend."

"I did," she nodded, beaming a happy smile. "I bet I can make two more."

Shaking my head, I pulled her towards the tent. "How about we save it for in the morning? It's late—"

Yue pouted up at me. "Why don't you go to bed? I need to talk to Mai!"

"If you say so. Turn in when you're finished. We've got an early start."

"Mm!" Yue nodded.

I sent a look towards Mai, who glared at me. "We should be okay to just turn in. Don't think we have anything to worry about. Pretty sure Hei Bai's hanging around nearby somewhere."

"Are you just saying that so you can run away the moment we're asleep?"

I laughed. "No, Mai. I promise we're not going to run away from you in the middle of the night."

She eyed me skeptically, before speaking the part I'd left unspoken. "You'll wait until the morning to do it."

Grinning, I shrugged. "You know me too well."

"Promise not to run off at all," my friend demanded.

"Ah, fine, fine. Go on, enjoy your girl talk. I'm going to catch some sleep."

I left them to it, starting to undo my belt as I made my way to the tent. Ty Lee wished me a good night before joining the others, probably to gossip. I finished undressing and dropped back onto my bed roll, climbing into the extra large sleeping bag Yue had sewn together and was out in moments.
I carefully disentangled myself from Yue drooling on my arm and crept silently out of my sleeping bag just as the first rays of sun started to lighten the clearing. After taking a few moments to get dressed, I slipped outside and stretched, then took a few minutes to take care of the usual morning necessities. Not seeing any sign of Mai or Ty Lee aside from their tent, and Ty Lee's snoring sounding more like a bear, I pulled out my knife and grinned as I got to work.

It was a few moments of work to carve a quick release stake and plant it in the ground, then bend a nearby sapling over and put tension on it as I tied it off. It was as I was securing the bottom of the tent to the sapling with ropes that someone fake coughed quietly behind me.

"Ahem."

I sighed and turned to find Mai standing there, hands crossed under her breasts as she glared at me. Giving the trap up as a bad job, I let the tree go with a whoosh that startled Ty Lee out of her snoring. Standing, I dusted my hands off and made my way over to Mai.

Her glare intensified as I rested my hands on her hips. "Anyone ever tell you you're sexiest when you're angry. Because you are."

A faint blush dusted Mai's cheeks, but her expression didn't change. "Stop running from me."

"I'm not running from you," I countered.

"Then you'll come back with us?"

"Mm, no," I shook my head.

"Why not?"

I blinked, before sending her a look that questioned her intelligence, or sanity. "Because I don't want the old man to finish the job. Give me some time and I'll be back to boot his ass out of my chair."

"Azula wants you to return now."

Sighing, I shook my head. "Things are going too well for me to come back any time soon. I'm making connections. Inroads with the other nations," I gestured at my tent, where I could faintly hear Yue stirring. "I've advanced my bending further in the last few months than I have in years. I just need time."

Mai took a deep breath in and let it out in a huff, before turning her head away. Her arms uncrossed and she stepped closer, wrapping them around my waist and dropping her chin on my shoulder. Quietly, she asked, "Do you love her​?"

"We're working on it," I admitted.

Nodding once, she was silent for a few moments before saying, "Yue told us what she intends. I don't like it."

"Neither do I."

"Shut up," Mai demanded, digging her chin into my shoulder. I shut up and after a moment, she continued. "I don't like it, but I'll go along with it. But you can't neglect me." I felt her finger nails dig into my back. "I don't even know where I stand with you."

I gave her a squeeze and pulled back. A flash of disappointment crossed her face, before I cupped her face and leaned in, pressing my lips to Mai's in a kiss. A quiet sound escaped her throat and her hands tightened on me, as her mouth opened and her tongue darted out.

We broke the kiss and Mai sighed, resting her head against my chest. "I missed you."

"I missed you too, Mai."

"Aww, it's so cute~!"

Mai growled quietly and turned a glare on where Ty Lee and Yue were watching with amused looks. Leaning forward, I pecked her cheek, then let go. "Alright, let's break camp and head back to town. Where did you two leave your ship? We'll give you a ride."

"You say that like you think we're not coming with you, Zuzu," Ty Lee turned an amused look on me.

I shook my head. "You're not. You're going back to Azula."

"Huh? Why would we go back without you?" the girl asked.

"Because I need you to spin a tale for me. Something that will keep Ozai off my back. Give me a few minutes and I'll explain along the way."

"You mean give you five minutes to make up the plan on the spot?" Mai asked knowingly, and I sent her an amused look.

"Maybe. Does it matter if I planned it out months ago or just now, as long as it works?"

The three girls exchanged looks before Ty Lee answered, "It definitely does!"

"Absolutely," Yue agreed.

"Ganging up on me already," I grumbled, hiding a smile as I moved to gather our things.

Soon enough, we were on the road back to Senlin village and I began laying out what I had in mind. "So, you'll go back and tell Azula I refuse to return from my voluntary self-exile until I can restore my lost honor and my worth in our father's eyes by hunting down the Avatar…"
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.
Now with Discord!​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:BloodGoat, VialLemon, Voltrasin and 2,202 others
sinereal
Jun 19, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 16 New
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
Jun 26, 2024
Add bookmark
#2,213
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
16
"…And did I mention your auras are so cute together?!"

Yue met my eyes and I mouthed, 'I told you so.'

"You didn't, but thank you for noticing," she smiled at Ty Lee, even as Mai rolled her eyes.

I stretched my hands over my head as we left the forest, cracking my back and shifting my pack around to a more comfortable position. Turning towards the beach, I squinted as I spotted a big lump sitting beside my boat. "The hell is that?"

The others followed my gaze before Mai answered. "Oh, that. We hired a mercenary to guard the boat."

"By which you mean, make sure I didn't leave without you," I translated.

The corners of Mai's lips twitched as she threatened to smile. "You know me too well."

"I mean, what did you expect, Zuzu? You've been running from us for months! We were getting tired of it!" Ty Lee complained. "It was starting to turn into something out of those plays where they start running through the audience."

That was my own personal contribution to theater here, the last time we had gone to see a play as a family. I'd written out a few short skits from what I remembered of Benny Hill and the Three Stooges, found a few moments to slip away during an intermission to 'use the restroom,' slipped into the back rooms, and had eventually found where the theater troupe's manager was set up before dropping the scroll off among his things. We'd never had a chance to go back, so I wasn't sure it had even been read, let alone taken off.

"Well, can you blame me? As far as I knew, dear old dad had put the word out and every Fire Nation asset in the world was looking to mount my head to send it back to him."

Ty Lee nodded, before pouting. "Still can't believe we're going back."

"For Azula," Mai reminded, before turning a knowing look on me. "She's going to set off after you the moment we tell her what we've learned."

"Probably," I nodded. "Just make sure you keep the truth from her until you're alone and far away from the Fire Nation and any potential eavesdroppers."

"So I'll get to meet her?" Yue perked up with a smile.

Mai, Ty Lee, and I all exchanged looks. The acrobat laughed awkwardly. "Maybe we should put that off…"

"It can't be that bad," Yue shook her head.

Mai raised an eyebrow. "Just what has Zuko told you about his sister?"

Yue shrugged. "He told me she could be… difficult."

"That's putting it mildly," Mai murmured.

"Haha, yeeeah… she's crazy." Ty Lee's eyes went wide and she frantically hissed, "Don't tell her I said that!"

"Yeah, don't tell her that. Or call her crazy to her face," I sighed. "Azula's a good girl, she's just… troubled."

Mai scoffed. "She only listens to you, and she only keeps us around because we're useful."

I nodded, and Ty Lee picked up from there. "When she hears Zuzu's engaged, Mount Azula is gonna go up! The only question is how much of the Fire Nation she takes with her!"

Blinking, Yue asked, "Why would she be upset that her brother is engaged? You would think that would make her happy."

Mai and Ty Lee traded another of those looks before focusing on me. I let out a quiet half sigh, half groan. "Do you want to tell her, or should we?" Mai asked. I waved in her general direction and Mai nodded, before fixing Yue with an amused look. "Azula is a, what was it you called her?" she looked to me, before apparently remembering. "Brocon."

"A what?" Yue asked, confused.

I groaned louder and Ty Lee giggled. "She just loves her big brother very much." Yue sent her a confused look and Ty Lee emphasized, "Really loves her brother."

"Oh." Yue blinked, then her eyes went wide as she looked to me and blushed. "Oh! Really?!"

"Unfortunately," I confirmed.

It was my turn to be on the end of one of Yue's confused looks. "…I don't see the problem? I'll just talk to her and tell her—" Yue trailed off as Mai and Ty Lee laughed. "What?"

"If I can't have him to myself, no one can," Mai did her best Azula impression.

"Mai, Ty Lee! Kidnap Zuzu for me while I put this 'fiancee' on a boat back to where she belongs!" Ty Lee added, fighting a grin.

I couldn't help but get in on the act. "Dear brother, this is for your own good. A future Fire Lord doesn't need some water tribe hussy whispering in his ear. What would the people think?" Shaking my head, I had to admit, "That's actually a valid argument and one she's definitely going to make."

Mai nodded. "The first of many. I hope you have your defense prepared well ahead of time."

"I've got a few arguments handy," I confirmed.

Yue frowned, studying the ground as she walked for a moment before asking, "You once told me she only respects strength. What if I show her I'm her equal?"

Ty Lee burst out laughing while Mai snorted. "That, I'd like to see."

"She might actually be able to do it," I countered, and both of my friends stopped laughing. "People say Azula was blessed by Agni, Yue is actually blessed by Tui."

"So that's why the spirit…" Ty Lee murmured, and I nodded.

"Then she might have a chance," Mai hummed.

Our conversation came to a pause as we neared the boat, where the big, furry form of a shirshu lounged on the beach. Sitting atop the animal was a very fit older woman in dark leather, whose eyes sought out first Yue then myself as she looked us over as we approached. A smirk pulled one corner of her lips up and she slid down off of the animal to land lightly on her feet.

"I can see why she left home."

"Well hello to you too," I sent the mercenary a grin, offering my hand. "Zuko."

"I'm June," the woman introduced herself, shaking my hand.

"This is the mercenary who tracked us down?" Yue asked, arching an eyebrow.

"Bounty hunter, mercenary, tracker. Pretty much whatever you need done, if you've got a job and the coin to pay to see it gets done."

"Speaking of," Mai turned a look on June. "There wasn't any combat—"

"No refunds," June immediately countered.

Mai looked annoyed at that and I reached out and patted her shoulder. "Just give it up, Mai."

June grinned. "He gets it."

"If you'll excuse us, we need to start packing and getting ready to depart," I nodded, then moved around the shirshu and hopped onto my boat. I took a moment to cut the spot welds I'd made to the door and Yue and I headed inside. Behind us, I heard three sets of footsteps following and turned to see Mai, Ty Lee, and surprisingly June as well. The three of them looked around the interior of the cabin as I opened the shades to let in some light to see by.

"What is all of this?" Mai asked, moving over to one of the chests I'd secured to the floor with ropes.

"A little of this, little of that," I shrugged as I began putting away dirty clothes into the box for them, to wash later.

Mai untied one of the ropes and opened the chest, revealing it to be filled with gold and jewels that shined the moment the light caught them. June whistled at the sight. "So that's why you hit those pirates."

"No, we hit them because pirates are assholes," I shook my head and the woman nodded. "The spoils were just a bonus. I'd have done it for free and considered it a service to the rest of the world."

"I wouldn't say free, but yeah," the woman agreed.

Yue turned around as she finished stowing her things, eyeing the older woman curiously. "Your job is finished, isn't it? Not to be impolite, but why are you still here?"

"Color me curious," June shrugged.

"She wants to see it," Mai answered, and I sent her a questioning look.

The mercenary nodded. "Yup. I figured out how you two cut across land with this thing, but I want to see it for myself."

Frowning, I closed the chest with my clothes and secured it, before eyeing the woman skeptically. "What's in it for me? I trust these two," I gestured to Ty Lee and Mai, "but I just met you. You're a merc. Your loyalty is for sale, by definition. Right now, you suspect, but you don't actually know the method. If we answer that, what's to stop you from selling the information to the highest bidder? Honestly, the argument for silencing you permanently is pretty strong, versus the risk of the secret getting out before I want it to. So… make your pitch. Sell yourself. Convince me you're worth keeping on the payroll as something other than a liability."

"Heh. Alright," June nodded, crossing her arms as she leaned against the door frame, not looking bothered in the least at me just putting it out there that killing her to keep her quiet might be on the table. She began ticking off points on her fingers, "I can track anyone, anywhere. I've been across the Earth Kingdom and much of the Fire Nation a few times now and I know them like the back of my hand. I know all the secret ways in and out of every Earth Kingdom city that they don't want anyone knowing about, including Ba Sing Se. I know the secret to the tunnel to Omashu. I either personally know or know someone who knows every mover and shaker in the Earth Kingdom, on both sides of the law—and about half of those in the Fire Nation. I have friends in low places and people love to talk, so I either have or can get dirt on just about anyone. And most importantly, you said it yourself, Prince Zuko. I can be bought. I don't owe allegiance to any one nation or group. As you said, I don't know what you have planned, but I suspect some things, and if I'm right, you need all the help you can get. You're going to need someone like me, with an ear to the ground and all the connections that you can't be seen to have, especially once everything settles down."

I considered it for a moment before nodding. "Friends in low places, huh? Alright. How much to put you permanently on the payroll?"

"Mm, that's going to be expensive," the mercenary murmured, a smirk pulling her dark red painted lips up. "How about we try it on a trial basis and see how we like it, instead? Say, you pay for my services for a year?"

"Five years," I countered.

"Three," came the immediate counter offer. "And I'll take one of those chests."

I chuckled. They weren't small chests. The smallest there was about 2'x1'x1.5'. "I'm sure you would. But I'd rather have an actual number and formalize everything with a contract."

June nodded. "Alright."

"Uh guys? How long is this going to take?" Ty Lee asked, shifting uncomfortably from one foot to the other, as though the act of standing still and listening to negotiations physically pained her.

Thinking about it for a moment, I guessed, "About an hour or so."

"You mind if I…?" she asked, jerking her thumb towards the door.

I rolled my eyes and nodded. Yue giggled. "I'll come with you. I sat through enough negotiations at home!"

"Traitor," I accused, and the girl stuck her tongue out as she hurried out the door with Ty Lee. Turning to Mai, I sent her a smile. "Mai. I could really use your help."

Mai hummed, seeming to consider it for a moment, before asking, "What's in it for me?"

"I'll rub your feet the way you like," I offered.

Mai scoffed. "You'll need to rub more than that."

"Full body massage. You've got a deal," I grinned.

Sighing, Mai gestured towards the small writing desk secured to the floor. "Let's get started."

Perhaps an hour later, maybe a little longer, we had coin counted and filling the smallest chest and an agreement hammered out. I thought the terms were more than generous myself, while Mai thought I was giving away far too much. It was effectively a retainer contract, similar to what one would see for a hired bodyguard. Other than the pay being higher than what Mai would have liked, I'd also thrown in some bonuses—namely, agreeing to reimburse any of June's expenses while she was actively on the job as long as she kept detailed records, along with offering her lodging when possible.

Because I was worried that my potentially being on the outs with the Fire Nation would cause her problems, the contract stipulated that it was actually Mai employing June—Mai, who was herself technically employed by Azula. It should keep any issues from arising with Fire Nation troops or the command structure. June didn't hesitate to sign after reading it over thoroughly for any potential legal traps, quickly followed by Mai, with each of them keeping a copy for themselves and a third copy being put into my journal.

"Alright," I stood, cracking my back. "Let's go round up the others and I'll take you up so you can see what all the fuss is about. Then you three can get on that cruiser and go break the news to Azula."

Soon enough, Yue and I were unrolling the balloon from its storage container on the top of the boat with help from the others. Yue held the opening in place over the hot air pipe and the balloon quickly filled. Once it was full enough to stand on its own, everyone moved back to the rear and I got us in the air.

"Whoooa~! This is amazing!" Ty Lee yelled, leaning so far out over the railing that if it weren't her, I'd be worried she would fall.

June whistled quietly as she took in the surrounding landscape. "Looks like I bet on the right ostrich horse," she murmured, turning her dark eyes on me and sizing me up.

It was Mai who pointed out the obvious. "This thing doesn't just sit in one place though, does it?"

"It does not," I shook my head. Pulling the lever to switch the gearing over from the screw to the propeller, I settled in beside the engine and got it going, turning us back northwest and sending us over the forest as we ascended further before I leveled us out. I cut back towards the ocean after we passed the clearing with Hei Bai's statue. Once we were over open water, I left the engine to run on residual heat for a moment before moving to the railing, where I sent a series of fireballs down into the water, where they exploded into gouts of steam.

I saw the moment it began to click what they were seeing—first with June, followed an instant later by Mai, before even Ty Lee caught on and her usually chipper attitude abruptly took a nose dive as she went still and silent. Sending the three women a smile, I asked, "So… we're going to keep this quiet for now, right?"

"Mhmm," June nodded.

"Yeah," Mai confirmed.

I turned to Ty Lee, who abruptly smiled. "I don't know what you're talking about, Zuzu! Nothing interesting happened at all today!"

"Good answer."

I put us down in the water just off the beach from where we'd started. Sending Mai and Ty Lee a smile, I said, "Take care of yourselves." I turned a look on June and grinned. "Try to keep them out of trouble."

"Do I get paid extra for that?" the woman grinned.

"It's in your contract, under 'hazard pay.'"

"Later, boss," the merc chuckled, before making her way to the railing and walking out until she could drop onto the sand as opposed to into the water.

Ty Lee stood up on her tiptoes, wrapping her arms around me in a hug. "It was good to see you again, Zuzu! We missed you!"

"I missed you too," I squeezed her back. "If everything goes to plan, we can all meet up again soon anyway."

"Mm!" Ty Lee nodded, before pulling herself up a little bit more and pressing her lips to my own. She giggled and let go, before running away along one of the boat's railings and jumping onto the beach.

"It was nice meeting you!" Yue called after the acrobat, who waved back from the beach.

It was Mai's turn next. She didn't waste time with words and instead stepped up and kissed me—a kiss I returned as Yue giggled nearby. Breaking the kiss, Mai pressed her forehead into mine and glared at me. "You owe me that massage."

"Next time. I promise."

"I'll hold you to it," she murmured, stealing one more peck before sighing and pulling away.

"Think about what we talked about," Yue told her as Mai followed June and Ty Lee's example of using the railing.

Turning back, Mai considered Yue for a moment before nodding. "I don't like it, but I'll go along with it. I'll try to convince Azula, but you should probably start preparing to fight for your life." She glanced at me before turning a threatening look on Yue. "Look after him. Don't let him do anything stupid."

Yue giggled and turned an impish look my way. "It's far too late for that, but it worked out last time…"

Mai left with a quiet huff and Yue moved over to sit beside me. I got us into the air but kept us just above the treeline for now, moving east and inland towards the mountains, well away from where the girls' ship might spot us before I would climb and adjust course south.

"Your friends are nice. I like them," Yue beamed from beside me, clinging onto my arm.

"They're pretty great," I agreed. Deciding to address the conversational elephant, I asked, "You're sure about this whole 'a wife from every kingdom' thing?"

"Mm. I'm sure," the blonde nodded.

"I meant Yue the woman, not Yue the princess."

Turning her head up, she pecked my cheek with a quick kiss. "I know. I'll admit, it's not what I was expecting. Part of me wants to say I hate it. That I want to keep you to myself. Another part thinks, maybe it would be nice to have sisters."

"I don't actually want or need that in my life, you know."

Yue nodded, before asking, "But do you hate it so much that you can't do it?"

Blowing out a sigh, I shook my head. "I'd be lying if I said I did. I'm a man. The idea is appealing, even if I know it's going to take a lot of work. And then there's the practical aspect. You're right that tying the Fire Nation to the other nations through marriage is probably the best chance we have at lasting peace. I'd be neglecting my duty if I didn't at least consider it seriously. Luckily, we've got a few years before we have to make any kind of decision."

"And we still have to find someone from the Earth Kingdom to fit that role," Yue mused. "But isn't it more, the Earth Kingdoms, and they're not really unified? Wouldn't picking a noble or even a princess from one upset the others?"

"They are. And probably," I agreed. "It'd be a miracle to find the one girl in all of the Earth Kingdom who isn't explicitly tied to any one kingdom but who they would all have to respect."

Glancing at my compass and checking my journal's map, I adjusted course slightly for our fuel stop before plotting the route I'd take to Gaoling. As I did, Yue sighed and leaned back in her seat. "What are the odds of someone like that even existing, let alone finding her?"

"About one in a few million," I mused, closing the journal. "But we only have to get lucky once."
"Toph? Where'd you go, sweetie?"

Toph forced herself to hold in her sigh as she felt her mother approaching, her steps along the garden path letting Toph know exactly how close she was—and how much time Toph had to get her 'perfect, helpless, doll daughter' mask back on. Not to mention making sure the ground wasn't uneven and didn't show signs of her bending.

"Here, mother," Toph called, once she finished smoothing out the ground.

"There you are!" her mother sighed as she rounded a bend in the trail and found Toph waiting, sitting on the grass. "Your maid just left you here?! You're going to stain your dress!"

Toph turned her face up towards her mother, her lips pulling down as she did. "What color is grass again?"

"Well, it's green. Why do you ask?"

Toph mimed looking down, patting the dress in question. "Did I put on the white one this morning, or the green one?"

Her mother paused, then let out a quiet, annoyed sound. "The green one. It can still stain."

Toph pushed herself to her feet and brushed herself off. "It feels fine. As for Su, I sent her to go get lunch for us. We're going to have a picnic in the garden."

"You shouldn't be so familiar with the help, dear," her mother murmured.

Toph wanted to say that the help were the only people in the household who didn't treat her like glass, but she somehow managed to contain herself. Instead, she asked, "Was there something you needed?"

"Oh, right! Yes. We'll be having a few guests over tonight, so I'll need you to look your best," her mother said, her tone excited and her heartbeat even picking up a little at the thought, giving Toph a good idea that whatever this was, it was important to her mother and she really wanted it to go over well.

Resisting the urge to groan, Toph asked, "Is this another marriage interview?"

Her mother's heart jumped—panic. "What? No! What makes you think that? I know you hate those boring old things."

Your tone, Toph mentally groaned as her mother immediately confirmed her suspicion. Forcing a smile onto her face, she said, "Oh, that's great news. I'm so glad I won't have to disappoint someone, because I'm not really feeling well, and I don't know if I'll be able to come tonight. I was honestly thinking I might have to turn in early—"

"No!" her mother yelped, waving her hands back and forth as her heart rate spiked again, panic increasing. "No, no. You can't!"

"I can't? But I'm really—"

"It, it won't be for long, I promise!" her mother lied, before her tone shifted to pleading. "Listen, honey, we reeeally need you to be there tonight. Everything has to go well. This is really important to us, okay?"

Toph shook her head. "I can't make any promises—"

"I'm not asking," her mother's tone firmed. "You will be there, you will look your best, and you will be on your best behavior. Your father and I don't ask much of you, and when we do, you know it's always with your best interests in mind. So you are going to do this for us, Toph. Do I make myself clear?"

Considering it for a moment, Toph smiled. "I understand, mother."

Her mother breathed a sigh of relief. "Good! I'm glad. Now, if you're really not feeling well, why don't you go lie down and have a nap before dinner. That way, you'll be rested and refreshed for tonight."

"I think I will," Toph forced her smile to stay in place as her mother's hand sought out her own and pulled her towards the house, as though she couldn't find her own way. And as they went, she began to plan.

Looks like the Blind Bandit may be making a comeback soon. I still have my winnings hidden away from the last few times I've fought. Bet it all on myself, win big, then…

Cold, hard reality brought her plans up short. While she could navigate the world just fine without sight, and she felt confident that she could probably survive most threats in the wilderness or on the road, the fact was that being blind meant certain things were beyond her. She didn't actually know how to survive on her own, for one. For another, she had no actual survival skills—no knowledge of where to find food or water, no knowledge of how to prepare meat if she actually killed something to eat, nor the knowledge of how to start a fire. She was strong, but Toph didn't believe she could carry food and water enough to walk the distance between Gaoling and wherever she decided to go.

Then, there was the problem of actually getting anywhere she wanted to go. She would be almost entirely dependent upon strangers for kindness, and Toph knew better. She left the Beifong estate grounds alone frequently and had learned the hard way that if people saw what they thought was weakness, they would absolutely try to take advantage. She couldn't count the number of times people had tried to scam her out of paying the right amount, giving her back her change, giving her the wrong thing—and those were the cases where people just tried to get away with petty shit. She'd been stalked through the streets before. Followed until she lost her pursuers. Surrounded and attacked by sore losers. Some creeps even thought she was naive enough that she either wouldn't understand what was going on or wouldn't fight back if they suddenly dragged her into an alley and went to pawing at her tits—those might actually still be wandering the sewers below ground where she left them, for all she knew or cared.

It was just so frustrating, having so little control over her own life. She hated feeling weak and helpless, especially when she actually wasn't in most ways. She hated having to rely on others for things other people took for granted. She hated that, as much as she told herself that she wasn't some fragile princess in need of protecting, she kind of was in a lot of ways.

Shaking her head as her mother dropped her off at her room, Toph flopped onto her bed and huffed out a sigh. Moping about it isn't going to change anything. So. How badly do I want to run this guy off?

Toph had the feeling that whoever it was, this was someone fairly important—at least in her parents' estimation. That meant she couldn't ruffle too many feathers here. She kind of wanted to though. Maybe embarrass her parents enough that they stopped trying to marry her off.

I'm only fourteen! Can't it wait a few more years, at least?! she yelled in the privacy of her own mind, thumping a fist down into the bed in irritation. What if I don't want to get married at all, huh?! Ever think of that? No! Of course they didn't!

Well, it wasn't as though she didn't have practice driving off potential suitors. Shift the floor under them to make them uncomfortable even on a cushion, bump the table or tilt it just enough to spill something when her parents weren't looking, crack a teacup to spill hot tea in someone's lap—earthbending gave her a lot of options. Even if Toph preferred the brash, jump in fists first approach, she'd had years to perfect a more subtle touch. Things that could be brushed off as clumsiness on someone else's part, coincidence, or even just bad luck.

Eventually, Su came and found her, some time before dinner. "Young miss, the bath is ready."

"Sure. Thanks, Su," Toph sighed, making her way to the bathroom, where another of the maids waited to help her scrub and wash her hair. Not too long after that, Toph found herself being stuffed into one of her more complicated dresses as Su helped put it on and the maid from earlier combed out and styled her hair.

"So, who is this guy they're trying to throw me at this time?" she asked, knowing the servants wouldn't report it back to her mother.

There was silence for a few moments as the two older women turned their heads towards each other and somehow had some sort of silent conversation. Toph still wasn't entirely sure how normal people did that, even after all these years. Eventually, Su answered, "The young master is the son of a wealthy businessman. I believe the father owns several mines across the Earth Kingdom, which sell iron, coal, and other materials."

"Uh huh," Toph murmured. It made sense why her parents were pushing for this one, then. Being a family who made their wealth in the mercantile industry and became pretty much the merchant family of the Earth Kingdom, the Beifong family stood to gain much from this deal—both families, really. It was a good match, on paper. As much as she wanted to, she couldn't fault her parents for trying with this one. There was a lot of money riding on this.

Too bad I'm not interested in being the linchpin of some deal between our families.

She knew her parents would probably try to find a way to force the issue at some point in the future, but it wouldn't be today. So, sitting quietly as the maids applied makeup to her face and scented oils to her hair and body, Toph felt out the house and the surrounding grounds as she fought to keep her freedom just a little longer.

Spotting a pair of men coming up the drive, one of them taller and fatter than the other, she shifted faintly in her seat and thumped her heel on the floor. Outside, the soil of the path loosened and the stepping stone atop it turned brittle. The men stepped onto it at the same time and it gave way, causing them both to slip. The fat one fell face first onto the path, while the shorter one screamed loud enough that the whole house heard him as he twisted his ankle and began to curse.

A smile ghosted across her lips. Let's fuckin' gooo!
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.
Now with Discord!​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:BloodGoat, VialLemon, Voltrasin and 2,115 others
sinereal
Jun 26, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 17 New
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
Jul 1, 2024
Add bookmark
#2,359
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
17
The town of Gaoling was, unfortunately, not close enough to the coast to just dock the boat there. No, it was up in a mountain range, several miles away from the coast. It was actually closer to drop the boat in a river nearby. So, after a little night time aerial survey of the area, that was what we had done. Then, Yue had pushed it up onto the bank and we took the time to hide it in a thick, untraveled part of the forest, by downing some trees and covering it in debris. After that, Yue had changed into her Earth Kingdom colored dress, we'd packed our bags with some extra clothes and money, and we traveled downriver on an ice barge courtesy of Yue just far enough to come ashore without giving away where the boat was hidden.

From there, it was a few hour run to Gaoling if we wanted to rush, but we took our time, stretching it out to a couple of days. We took the extra time to enjoy walking through the countryside as the forest cleared out into fields, hills, and mountains not far away from the river. Also, we used that time to get some much needed training in.

"So, we're going to do something different today. And by 'we,' I mean you," I told Yue on the start of the third morning. We'd seen the lights from Gaoling on the horizon the night before, so we knew it wasn't more than a couple of miles away now and expected to be there by midday.

"What's that?" she asked, sending me a smile as we walked through a thick bank of fog rolling in off the mountains. It would probably burn off soon, but at the moment, it was a sight to behold—with mountains looming out of the fog and the play of light and shadow making it just a bit eerie.

"Give me your bending water," I instructed, and Yue handed me her water skin, which I tied off to my belt. "Alright. You're unarmed. How're you going to fight me?"

I gave her some time to think on that as we came across an outcropping of rocks and I set my bag down, Yue following suit with her own. After a moment, she answered, "The fog."

I shook my head. "Yeah, normally. But that's not what I'm looking for here."

Yue looked confused. "It's not?"

"Nope," I shook my head, before moving away from the rocks and into a nice, grassy spot and motioning for her to follow. "Water is all around us. There are the obvious sources. Lakes, rivers, streams, snow, ice, clouds," I gestured around us, "fog. It's also below ground. There are underground rivers, yes, but there's also the water table, where we get groundwater. It can be as shallow as just below the surface or hundreds of feet deep depending on where you are. And you're going to pull it to the surface. Create a spring. Then we'll move on."

"Below us," Yue murmured, nodding. "Okay."

"While you're doing that, I'll be over here getting in some practice myself," I nodded back towards the rocks, where I could throw around fire without much risk of hurting anything.

I left Yue to it and took off my shirt, enjoying the cool air as I settled into my usual routine. As I went, I let my mind wander. My breath came in a deep, even rhythm, cycling ki through my body and stoking the fire within me as I moved through sword forms, then unarmed forms, then moved on to throwing out fire. As the flames danced, burning off lichen and moss from the rocks before flickering and going out, a thought occurred.

What is fire?

There were a multitude of answers to that question, most of which actually applied. It was one of the four major elements of the world. It was light, flame, and heat. More poetically, it was associated with ardor, with desire and passion—and I could attest that most firebenders tended to be 'passionate' by some meaning of the word. It was also seen as inspiration, intellect, knowledge—it was Prometheus who gifted fire to man, but the fire was more than literal, it was the metaphorical spark of human ingenuity. But that was getting philosophical and while all of that was true, I was thinking of something simpler, more… fundamental.

At its most basic, fire is combustion. You can get into the chemical processes behind it, but at its simplest, it's releasing stored energy from matter and that energy is in the form of heat, light, sound, radiation, and so on. And energy is all around us…

Maybe it was because I had been doing the 'fire as water' thing lately, but I found myself moving through those new forms, without actually creating fire. Instead, I closed my eyes, focusing instead on the heat I could sense, and reached out to the world around me. Nothing happened at first, but slowly, I began to notice the way heat currents shifted. From there, it was just like trying to direct fire I'd already tossed out, made to behave like liquid.

I saw large swathes of the space around me go 'dark' as the heat rushed to my hands, growing brighter before winking out—but I felt the energy resting in my palms. Opening my eyes, I saw trails of ice glittering in the light as they fell, an entire section of the fog bank flash frozen as it'd had its heat stripped away from it. Looking down, I saw familiar glowing spheres of energy in my hands—energy that hadn't come from my body, but which I had gathered from the world around me.

Makes sense that heat would be easiest, since it's connected to fire. So, what can I do with it? No, first, can I repeat it?

I tossed the energy spheres up into the air, letting them hang there, then tried again. This time, the entire process came much faster, and I watched as large sections of the ground were coated in frost.

Uses way less energy than normal bending. Infinite energy glitch? Maybe bend the energy from the surroundings to throw at enemies, I mused, tossing one of the spheres in my hand. Wait…

Feeling inside myself, I could tell that even with my continuous absorbing and cycling of more chi via breathing, I was still about a quarter down on my reserves due to my practice. But I've got a lump of pure chi right here. So, can I just…?

I focused on pulling the chi in. On taking it into my body the same way I would have expelled it, just in reverse. The same way I was constantly breathing in more chi with my breathing exercises.

Slowly, the sphere in my hands shrank and I felt the pure chi settle inside me, mixing with my own fire attuned chi and restoring my vitality. I sighed at the sensation. Getting so much at once left me a little lightheaded and I took a moment to adjust to it. More than that, the chi in my hands had been concentrated—not the loose stuff I pulled from the air in breathing exercises. It rapidly expanded to fill my body, filling me to capacity and a bit beyond, and leaving me feeling spiritually stretched. It didn't feel dangerous yet, but I could definitely tell there was a limit to how much I could hold at once. However, just as with expanding my chi reserves the normal way through exercise, it felt like if I did this regularly, I could expand my natural reserves further and faster than normal bending routines ever would.

But why not combine them? Exercise to exhaustion, refill with energybending, repeat. Get experience and more exercise out of it.

"Zuko!" Yue called, pulling me from my thoughts. I turned and found her grinning as clear water ran from the ground, directing it around her body. Her eyes narrowed into a glare at me as she pouted. "You didn't tell me I'd be trying to pull it through rock!"

I looked around, taking in the mountainous terrain and the abundance of rocks in our general vicinity. Yue followed my gaze, then blushed as she realized what I was getting at. "Good work, Yue."

"…Thank you," she chuckled, back to smiling.

"You can practice doing that faster later, because you're definitely going to need to be able to use the water you're pulling to saw through the rock and ground between you at some point. But first, the other lesson."

Yue nodded eagerly and let the water around her drop to the ground. "Is it going to be harder than pulling it up through a mountain?"

"No, no. Should be super easy," I sent her a grin. "So, fun fact. Humans are about sixty to seventy percent water by volume. Plants can be up to ninety percent. That water's just there, waiting to be used. Your next goal is to be able to strip water from plants to use for bending, with the end goal being to eventually get good enough to bend the blood within someone's body."

I knew bloodbending was a thing from the series, but I seemed to recall it could only be done during a full moon. However, Yue being moon blessed and as much of a prodigy with water as Azula was with fire, I had a sneaking suspicion that maybe, just maybe, she might be able to do it on her own.

"Okay, I'll try that next," Yue smiled, turning away to go back to her practice.

As for my own, I considered what I'd learned so far. The fire-as-water thing apparently worked really well for energybending for some reason—or at least, using it as a base had. So, I decided to lean into the water aspect and see what happened. Pulling another ball of ki from the air, I sat down and began to roll it between my hands, emulating the back and forth movement of waves as I thought on it.

What if I sent it out then tried to pull it back? That's pretty much the basis for a lot of water techniques, so…

Shrugging, I sent the ball out into the air, waited for it to get a short distance away, then abruptly pulled back with energybending. The ball reversed course and streaked back to my hand, where I caught it and sent it out again.

Alright, that works. So, can I shape it into something other than a sphere? A wave maybe? A crescent, that is.

It took a little playing around with it, but I eventually figured out how to shape the energy in my hands how I wanted and was soon sending out and pulling back a crescent shaped wave of energy. With my success there, I decided to try to see if I could compress the leading edge to make it sharp, then fired it off at one of the rock formations nearby. The rock split and cracked where it was struck and the energy wave dispersed, but I could sense all of the energy still right there, just a rapidly expanding cloud of chi. It took a bit more effort this time, but I managed to pull it back and condense it down into a sphere again.

I practiced that way for a while before a silly idea occurred and I chuckled. Pushing myself to my feet, I shook my head. "Fuck it, why not?"

Drawing the sphere to my side, I focused on trying to push it outwards in a blast of energy. I want to call the name, but I think I'd actually die of embarrassment if Yue saw me doing it.

Unfortunately, my knockoff kamehameha went absolutely nowhere. Oh sure, the energy rushed outwards, but instead of a torrent of power blasting through the rocks in front of me, it was more of a… fart on the breeze, by comparison. Pulling the energy back, I frowned as I compressed it again at my side. I tried it again, this time trying to hold it together as much as possible, to much the same result.

Okay, so, that's not gonna work. Why?

The answer was pretty obvious when I actually thought about it. The problem there was twofold.

Firstly, Goku, even kid Goku in the original Dragonball, had a ridiculous amount of power. I did not. If I was going to compare power levels, which was dumb because the systems between this world and the world of Dragonball were different, then the world of Avatar was generally on the low end of the Dragonball scale. The Avatar might be able to throw around an energy blast like that, but I wasn't the Avatar. Energybending might give me a way to skirt around that limit however, if I pulled the energy from my surroundings to supplement my own…

Secondly, it was a physics problem. I might actually be able to emulate it with the power I did have, but I was going to have to lower my expectations. Thinking of it like water, I was effectively trying to force a five gallon bucket's worth of water down a fire hose. It'd go, but there wouldn't be any pressure—it'd just be a trickle. But even a single gallon, forced through a small enough aperture, could cut stone…

I tried it again, but this time, I compressed the sphere down smaller and pulled more energy from my surroundings. The air around me got colder as the fog began to clear, falling as ice to the ground. When I was ready, I pointed the sphere at the rock ahead of me and opened a pinhole—

A flash of light nearly blinded me while a clap of sound and force knocked me on my ass. Faintly, over the ringing in my ears, I heard Yue yell, "Zuko?!" Through the ground however, I felt a rumbling and thumping.

Opening my eyes, I sat up as Yue helped me to my feet. "Are you okay? What happened?"

I flexed my jaw, popping my ears to try to relieve the feeling, but after a moment I gave it up and lit my hands up with green fire before pressing them over my ears. I felt my inner ears tingle and pop, then pulled them away. "Say something else."

"What did you do?"

I chuckled and explained as I looked at the damage. The rock face I had aimed at had collapsed, blasted to rubble. "I was trying a new technique. Got a little carried away."

Yue glared, before smacking my arm. "You could have hurt yourself. You made me worry."

"I'm sorry," I pulled her into a hug, which Yue returned with enough force to pop my back. "I'll be more careful next time."

"Mm." Eventually, she let me go and returned to her own training, but I noticed she had turned so she could keep an eye on me.

So, what went wrong? I wondered as I went back over what I had done. Playing it back in my head, I figured it out pretty quickly. I had used a lot more juice in that attack than I usually threw around in even the most explosive firebending. That power was compressed down as tight as I could make it and when it hit the rock, it exploded as it expanded. The rock reflected some of that explosion back my way and knocked me on my ass.

In short, I stood too close and used too much force. I couldn't think of it only like water, because it wasn't. It was energy. The rules regarding fire and explosions might be more appropriate when using it as a weapon. Every firebender was taught early on not to do stupid things like catch themselves in their own explosions, suffocate themselves by burning off all the oxygen in a room, and so on. I'd have to keep them in mind in the future.

But it worked really well as a weapon. It was my own fuckup that saw me getting caught in the back blast. Ruling that out, my only complaint was the time it took to gather it. Need to work on that. So… why not kill two birds with one stone? Smaller, faster, less likely to blow me up, but keep it compressed so it's just as dangerous if it hits as the big one. Kind of like a gun—

I blinked.

Oh. Not a kamehameha. It'd be better as a…

I pointed towards the rocks, gathering energy from around me into a brightly glowing sphere the size of a marble at my fingertip. Taking aim, I kept count in my head of how long it took to charge. At the three second mark, I let it go.

"Spirit gun."

There was a much smaller flash and crack from the pile of rocks, but the rock I'd been aiming at—about the size of a torso—exploded in a shower of debris. I grinned and did it again, and again. Then, I began pulling in energy from my surroundings and holding it around me without actually condensing it. After a few seconds of buildup, I began condensing and firing what I had as fast as I could. I got it down to about a shot every half second before I was satisfied.

I can't wait to actually try this in a fight…
I watched Yue as she turned this way and that, eyes wide as she tried to take in everything about Gaoling at once. Chuckling, I pulled gently on her arm in mine, making my way towards an inn that several locals had suggested when asked. We made our way inside and quickly stowed our things in our room, before heading out again to see the sights. Yue, of course, made a beeline straight for the marketplace.

Watching her look over pretty dresses and other things, I took the time to chat up a few more merchants while she was occupied. Unfortunately, most of my queries towards a certain underground fighting ring were met with confusion. It was only as I was getting dinner for us from a street vendor that I finally struck pay dirt.

"Thank you, sir. Before I go, you wouldn't happen to know of anywhere I could take my girl to see something exciting, would you? We're both into bending, so any kind of local tournaments or anything would be great."

"Oho!" the vendor grinned. "I just might." I transferred the shishkebabs I was holding to one hand and fished out a silver coin, sliding it across his counter. He swept it up and disappeared it into his coin purse. Leaning in, he whispered, "The Rumble is back."

"The what?" I asked, putting on a confused look.

"The Earth Rumble! It's exactly what you're looking for, if you're into a little bloodsport! Eh, eh?"

I nodded. "That's what we're looking for. Something to get the blood pumping, you know?"

He glanced at Yue at another stall a short distance away. "She doesn't look the type, but I guess you just can't tell by looking. It's always the quiet ones," he chuckled, wagging his eyebrows. "The Rumble is held just outside of town to the north, beneath a mountain. Just take the road out of town and…"

I listened, nodding along as he gave directions, then thanked him and made my way over to Yue. She looked up and happily accepted one of the skewers I offered her, along with a paper cup of tea. "We should look for somewhere to train, while we're here," I suggested.

"Mm! But um, what about," Yue trailed off, looking around.

"Then we'd better find somewhere secluded," I sent her a grin, and she nodded.

We left the market, eating as we went. Thinking back to our aerial reconnaissance, I remembered seeing a large, walled in estate on the north side of the city, with a stream running beside it—the same stream that fed into the center of the city, in fact. Turning us towards the north, we wandered along until we found the stream and turned down a street to follow it.

Eventually, the buildings thinned out and became homes and small estates—the clear divide between the rich and the poor of Gaoling. Yue looked around in interest at all the homes. "I can tell the ones made by earthbenders, and I understand those, but how do they build the other ones if they can't just bend them into the shape they want like we do?"

"Hard work. Men come and level the land, then lay a foundation. Then, they put up the wooden frame of a house. Then build up walls brick by brick. Put a roof over it. Until eventually, it's a house. It usually takes a few months."

"Months? That's awful," Yue made a face and I shook my head.

"Earthbenders have it lucky that way. They'll never want for shelter and a halfway competent one can sell his services either building houses or just making building materials. I'd love to be able to just wave my hand, stomp my foot, and create whatever I can imagine." Sending Yue a smile, I added before she could ask, "But I wouldn't trade away what I have for it."

She hummed, pressing herself into my side and pulling my arm around her hips as we walked. "Zuko the builder. Hmm. I can't see it."

Eventually, we spotted the walls surrounding a large compound—larger than the others we'd come across so far. The image of a flying boar was painted over the front gates—which themselves were guarded by a pair of men in uniform. Yue perked up a bit. "It's big. Is that the one we saw from above?"

"I believe so," I nodded, turning us to follow the stream running beside the compound, to its east. "I think it belongs to some local merchant family. I saw a bunch of places with that heraldry in the marketplace."

Yue thought for a moment before nodding. "Right, I remember. They must be pretty wealthy then."

We passed the compound and followed the stream until we were clearly out of town. Circling back, we found the north road leading out and with a bit of scouting, I found the mountain that would hold the Earthen Rumble. Yue arched an eyebrow as she took in the entrance to the cave. "Why are we all the way out here?"

"That's a surprise," I sent her a smile, before nodding away from the mountain, towards a grassy hill nearby. "Let's go sit a while."

Yue eyed me skeptically, but agreed and we made our way over to rest. We ended up laying down in the grass as the sky darkened and the stars began to come out. Eventually, the sounds of people and carriages reached our ears and Yue sat up. "Zuko? Why is everyone going into that mountain?"

Kicking myself to my feet, I offered her a hand up. "Let's go see."

"…Where are you taking me?"

"A little event I heard about from some of the vendors. It's a bending tournament, of sorts. I thought it'd be fun to watch."

Yue considered it for a moment before smiling. Taking my arm in hers, she pulled me forward faster. "Alright! Let's go!"
"And it's another win for the Blind Bandit! Is there no one brave enough, MAN ENOUGH to challenge her?!"

Toph smirked, crossing her arms over her chest as she observed the crowd with her senses. The first night of Earth Rumble always drew a big crowd—the last night being the only bigger draw. Her heart soared as they stomped their feet and chanted her name, the sound washing over her in waves.

"BANDIT! BANDIT! BANDIT!"

Man, I can't believe I thought I could give this up. What was I thinking?! This is awesome! Oh. Right. The owner told me to fuck off for a year so he could shake up the betting pools and get some fresh suckers and new talent in, or I wouldn't be allowed back.

"How about you? You're a big man! What's the matter? Scared of a girl?!" the announcer, Xin Fu, yelled as he began singling people out from the crowd. This was just part of the routine. He did it for everyone who won enough matches. It got the crowd riled up and introduced the element of a potential wild card. She could count on one hand and have fingers left over for the number of times an actual, genuine challenger had appeared from the crowd. And just as she'd thought, tonight was no exception.

"Well, since none of you are willing to face the Blind Bandit, you'll just have to come back next week! Perhaps by then, we'll have a worthy challenger!"

Toph left the stage to the sound of cheers, feeling a hundred times better than she had when she'd entered. For one night, she could forget about being Toph Beifong, heiress of the Beifong family and all the things that came with it. No one treating her like an invalid. No one talking around her, like she wasn't even in the room or a part of the conversation. No suitors hounding her to get her family's money. No surprise arranged marriage negotiations and her parents trying to marry her off. For the night, she could just be the Blind Bandit—a fucking badass with the earthbending skill to back it up, and put her foot in the ass of anyone who tried to deny it.

She collected her earnings, counting everything to make sure it was there, before stowing it in her purse and making her own exit from the arena. It's not enough. The spread wasn't good enough. The moment they saw my name, the odds changed. Shit. At this point, I'd make more money betting against myself and throwing the next fight. But fuck that! I won't do it!

Toph took her time making her way home, following the familiar sound and feel of the stream that ran beside her family's home as she let her mind wander to how she could make some fast, easy money. After some thought since her initial decision to try to escape, she had decided that if she needed someone to be her eyes in the world, then it might be easiest to just buy out Su's contract from her parents and get the maid to help her escape. She needed money though, and everyone in Gaoling's underbelly knew of her scams by now. That had dried up when she was twelve and she'd had to give it up.

It was as she felt she was about halfway back to her home that an unfamiliar rumble through the ground pulled her from her thoughts. Toph frowned as she felt the rush of water leaving the stream, felt it splash on the ground, felt lots of heavy, thick pieces of ice slam into the ground. As she got closer, she felt footsteps and her senses showed her what was going on.

Two people were fighting around the stream. One of them—a woman and apparently a waterbender—was using the stream itself as a weapon, sending out blasts of water, using tentacle whips, and shooting off chunks or ice or raising walls of ice to block attacks. The other was a man, a head or so taller than the woman, who attacked furiously as he worked his way through her defenses—somehow knocking aside or disrupting streams of water at the last moment, punching his way through walls of ice, and always staying one step ahead of the continuous barrage of chunks of ice the size of his head that would have surely brained him.

Unsure who to root for, what to do, or even if she should do anything, Toph just stood there and observed through her senses as they fought it out. Until finally, something pushed her to action. Heat registered against her skin and something exploded, shattering one of the ice walls.

Firebender!

Indecision gave way to action and she moved, rushing forward to help the waterbender. When his back was turned, she stomped the ground and sent a boulder up, then kicked it at his legs. The boulder hit with a solid crunch of bone and the man yelped as he went down. Toph followed through by burying him up to his neck.

"Zuko?! What happened?" the other woman yelled as the fight came to an abrupt end.

"Oww," the man buried in the dirt groaned. "Something broke my leg."

"That was me," Toph answered.

"Why would you—" the other girl began, before shaking her head and gesturing at the firebender. "Get him out of the ground!"

Toph tilted her head in confusion. "But… he's a firebender. He was attacking you—"

"He's my fiance! We were sparring!"

Toph felt her cheeks heat in a blush. "Oh. …Oops."

"'Oops,' she says," the man, Zuko grunted.

"Well can you blame me?!" Toph yelled back, even as she pushed him up out of the dirt. "What's a firebender even doing in Gaoling? And with a waterbender? What the actual hells?"

"It—"

"Yue," Zuko groaned. "Explain later. Set the bone now please."

Yue winced and dropped to her knees beside him. "Sorry! Hang on."

Toph listened and followed along with her senses as Yue pulled some water from the stream and surrounded Zuko's thigh with it. She hid a wince at the sound of bone against bone as Yue pulled and pushed, realigning the bone. Not just the sound, but the sense of it. Ever since learning how to sense through her earthbending, everyone she 'saw' looked like sacks of flesh wrapped around much more solid bone that she could perceive better than the flesh itself. She could recognize someone by their skeleton but never by their face. So she had a front row seat to the spectacle that was Yue lining everything up and moving all the little pieces back into place.

"Nnn!" Zuko bit down on a yell as Yue set it into place, before sagging with a groan.

"Wow, I think every dog around for miles heard that," Toph blurted.

Shit! Good going Toph! Just let your mouth run off ahead of your brain, when you're the one who fucked his leg up in the first place. Ugh. Maybe I can just sneak away? …No, I'm not that asshole. Besides, they might see me head home.

Zuko let out a ragged chuckle. "Yeah, probably. You should hear me when I stub a toe."

Toph blinked, her mouth falling open. He doesn't sound mad?

"Alright, hold it still," Zuko instructed, and Yue nodded. A moment later, Toph felt fire warm her skin again.

"What are you doing? It's not sticking out, right?" she asked, as in her senses, Zuko pressed his hands—which were probably on fire given the heat—to his leg.

Instead of answering, he groaned. "Oh fuuuck~ that's better."

Toph's mouth fell open again as she saw something impossible. Sure, she'd heard of healers from the water tribe, had even met one or two when her parents hired them to try to cure her blindness. She'd never heard of using fire to heal, however. And yet, as she 'watched,' the man's femur fused back together and the swelling retreated. After only a few moments, it was like he'd never been injured at all.

"Are you okay?" Yue asked, and Zuko sighed, collapsing back onto his back.

"Yeah, I'm good. Just give me a minute to lie here."

Toph shook her head. "Hang on. What are you even doing here? A firebender with a waterbender? Sounds like there's a story there."

The pair on the ground were silent for a moment, before Zuko's head turned towards her. "Oh hey, aren't you the Blind Bandit? We saw your fight earlier. Good stuff."

"…Yeah?" Toph asked. "What about it?"

Zuko hummed. Yue, meanwhile, turned to face Toph, then back towards the Beifong estate. "Do you live there? We're sorry, we were just trying to find somewhere to practice." Standing, she abruptly bowed. "Where are my manners? I'm Yue and this is Zuko."

"…Toph," the earthbender replied as she studied the two, listening to their voices, paying attention to their heart rates. Yue was telling the truth, which just made Toph more curious. "So?"

"Your turn to tell it, I did it last time," Zuko grunted, pushing himself to his feet. "I'll go grab some firewood."

Yue sat down and patted the ground. "Come sit with us, Toph! But if you reeeally want to know… you're going to have to share a story of your own."

Toph considered for a moment before shrugging. Stomping the ground, she raised a seat for herself and sat down. "Fine. But it'd better be a good one."
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.
Now with Discord!​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:BloodGoat, VialLemon, Voltrasin and 2,198 others
sinereal
Jul 1, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 18 New
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
Jul 11, 2024
Add bookmark
#2,516
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
18
The smile wouldn't leave Toph's face as she lay in bed, listening to the sounds of the house around her and thinking about her meeting with the unlikely couple that were Yue and Zuko. Sure, they hadn't told her everything—that much was obvious. Expected, even. Toph would think they were dumb if they had just spilled the beans and opened up to a complete stranger like that. But they hadn't lied to her, and what they had told her had been enough for her to begin filling in the blanks.

After fourteen years of living among high society and having had to find other ways to tell the bad actors from the good to compensate for her lack of sight, Toph liked to think she could spot certain kinds of people a mile away. Nobles, for instance. She couldn't see their clothes to tell how flashy or fashionable whatever they were wearing was, couldn't see whatever makeup someone put on, couldn't see hair styles. So, she'd found other ways.

It was in the way they carried themselves, the way they moved, the way they spoke. They all had a certain level of training in decorum and other things, and she could generally tell where they were from and what level of training based on those things. Earth Kingdom nobles were easy to tell apart, because she interacted with them so often, thanks to her parents' business. But that same business also brought her into contact with the occasional Fire Nation noble, looking to do business and establish trade. The Beifong family were very much in support of the Earth Kingdom, but… they weren't so loyal as to turn down trade of high quality goods for lots of money—especially when it was just luxury goods like silks, cash crops like tobacco or tea leaves, and other things that wouldn't actually further the war effort on either side.

Zuko was a Fire Nation noble—there was no doubt in her mind. She wasn't quite sure how she was sure of it, but she was.

He didn't act like a noble, like his shit didn't stink and he was better than everyone around him. He didn't talk like one, like he was talking down to everyone. He didn't even sit like one, with the usual straight back seiza position common to Fire Nation nobles. He acted like a normal person. He spoke to her and Yue like equals. He lounged, like he owned the place, but always in a position where he could easily and quickly either roll away or get to his feet.

Yue, on the other hand, was something she had never seen before. The other woman seemed relaxed in everything she did, while also maintaining proper etiquette—like she had lived and breathed it for so long that the formalities just weren't for her. She had the speech of a noble, without the shitty attitude most had. She sat formally, but didn't seem bothered at all by it. Most of all, she acted like what Toph imagined a princess would—kind, friendly, polite, warm even… and just a hint of steel beneath it all. The subtle expectation of respect.

And yet, neither of them threw around dumb titles or asked Toph to treat them as anything but commoners. They did away with rank entirely. They never once asked about her eyes, even when it quickly became obvious to both of them that she was actually blind and 'Blind Bandit' wasn't just a stage name.

The story itself was pretty wild, even without reading between the lines. Zuko's father had tried to kill him, so he left home to see the world. He went north, where he met Yue and Yue's master in the art of healing. For some reason, Yue's father had wanted the two of them to get together, but they had bought some time to get to know one another, and eventually decided to move forward with the engagement themselves. A few of the locals hadn't appreciated that and had tried to jump Zuko, but he beat them down. He couldn't stay, so he prepared to leave, and Yue went with him as they made a daring night escape from Agna Qel'a—the north's equivalent to Ba Sing Se in that it was an icy fortress city and damn near unassailable according to everything Toph knew, which should make sneaking out almost as difficult as getting in. The pair had been working their way around the Earth Kingdom since and that's how they wound up in Gaoling.

Putting together the clues and what wasn't said… Zuko was some kind of Fire Nation noble. Yue was some kind of noble from the Northern Water Tribe. They'd basically run away from their families and eloped together and were now on a journey to see the world.

It's disgustingly romantic, Toph sighed, turning over and burying her face in the pillow. Why can't I have that?

In exchange for the story from Yue, Toph had told them a little about herself. Of course, she'd done it in her own style, and she hadn't exactly been… subtle about some things. Leading with "I'm blind" just to put it out there had kind of set the tone. She had confirmed that she was heading home when she came across them and told them a bit about why she had gotten into the whole 'sport fighting' thing, to work off some frustration about her family affairs.

Strangely, nothing had changed after that. They hadn't treated her differently. They hadn't sounded like they pitied her. Even when Yue had reached out and laid a hand on Toph's, she hadn't sounded pitying or patronizing, just… understanding. Supportive. It was so different from what she was used to that it put Toph on the back foot.

And that's when Zuko struck, verbally.

"You snapped my femur from thirty yards while I was moving before we knew you were here. You spotted us, you waited, assessed the situation, stepped in decisively when you came to a conclusion, then put down a moving target in two moves non-lethally. You're not weak or helpless. If you don't have a way to sense your surroundings through vibrations, I'll eat my hat."

He wasn't mad at her for taking him down, he was impressed. That was a bit of a change from what she was used to getting when she fought other people in the Rumble. And in one encounter, he had figured out exactly how she had done it. It was kind of scarily impressive. Also, it made her feel… warm inside, for some reason. She liked the idea that he had immediately disregarded her eyes and treated her like a serious opponent.

After that, the conversation had moved on to 'talking shop' as her parents put it. Both of them were benders and, as she was apparently the first earthbender they'd actually met, they had a lot of questions. Toph was just as curious about other styles of bending, especially about fighting against them, so that had been a lot of fun. That led to the best part of the night. The pair had invited her out tomorrow.

Is this what it's like to have friends?

She wouldn't know. She'd never had any. For some reason, other people her own age just didn't like her. They said she was a jerk. She thought they were weak. The world may never know the truth of it. But for some reason she couldn't fathom, those two had wanted to spend more time with her. Even though she hadn't kissed their asses, or acted like a prim and proper lady as her station demanded. She was just herself and it hadn't scared them off!

I like it! I really like it!
"Su, can you do me a favor?"

"Of course, young miss. What would you have of me?" the slightly older girl asked, sounding pleased at the idea of being able to help her.

"Can you cover for me?" Toph asked, as she allowed the other girl to help her get dressed.

"What do you mean?"

Toph sighed quietly. "I need you to lie to my parents."

Su hesitated, before asking, "About what?"

Seeing that it wasn't a 'no,' Toph smiled. "I want to go meet with some friends, but I don't want my parents to know. I wanted to stay out most of the day."

Su hummed for a moment, then nodded. "Very well. But only on the condition that I meet these friends. I wouldn't want to hand you over to some unsavory characters."

"Sure, sure," Toph agreed. "Could you pack a bag with my other clothes, too? These aren't exactly great for practicing in."

The servant sighed, chuckling. "Very well."

Not long after, Toph and Su hurried through the compound, only for Toph to wince as she sensed her mother approaching. "Damn," she hissed, before straightening up and taking Su's hand, putting on the mask again.

"Toph, there you are! Where are you going?" her mother asked, stopping right in front of them—between them and the gate leading out.

Toph fought down her urge to sigh. "Into the city, to see the sights," she smiled instead, turning her face up and knowing her mother was likely looking at her eyes based on how her head was tilted. And yet… etiquette wouldn't let her mother do what Toph would, in her shoes—just blatantly call bullshit. 'You're blind, you don't see sights.'

Her mother shifted uncomfortably, before asking, "When do you plan to be back?"

"I wanted to take the whole day out. I've been feeling kind of penned in lately."

The older woman made a displeased sound. "I can send the guards—"

"For a trip into the city?" Toph asked, shaking her head. "We'll be fine, mother."

She clearly didn't like it, but her mother eventually sighed and capitulated. "Fine." Turning to Su, she added, "Have her home in time for dinner."

"Of course, ma'am," Su bowed her head.

After a moment, Toph felt her mother leave and she quickly pulled Su's hand towards the gate, before her mother changed her mind. Then they were out and heading into the city. "Where to, young miss?"

Toph told Su the name of the inn where Zuko and Yue were staying and allowed herself to be guided since, while she could navigate structures just fine, unless she knew what building was what trying to find something specific was hard without asking around. It was much easier to just let Su lead her—which was another reason to bring the maid, if she decided to leave.

Eventually, they made it to the inn and up to the second floor room where the couple were staying. Su knocked and, a moment later, Yue answered the door. "Toph! It's good to see you again. Who's your friend? I'm Yue!"

Su let go of Toph's hand and curtsied. "Su. I am employed by the Beifong family to see to the young lady's needs."

"Well, it's nice to meet you. Come in, come in!" Yue waved them in, stepping aside to let them pass.

Toph felt Su hesitate the moment they were inside, her head turning towards where Zuko sat on the bed, getting his boots on. "A young man and woman sharing the same roof?"

Yue giggled and Zuko shook his head. "We're engaged," he answered, before turning his head towards Toph. "You look nice, Toph. But I don't think that pretty dress and makeup is going to survive sparring."

For some reason, Toph's heart thumped in her chest and she felt her cheeks heat up—a brief thrill of something running through her. Pride? Excitement? She wasn't sure what, but whatever it was, it felt good. She'd never felt that way before. Shaking her head, she pushed it to the back of her mind.

"She does!" Yue giggled. "But you're right!" Toph found her hand taken between Yue's own soft, warm hands as she was pulled further into the room. "Did you bring a change of clothes?"

"I have them here," Su confirmed.

"Good!"

"I'll be outside," Zuko nodded, standing up from the bed. He put his hat and sword on and paused at the door. "Any preferences on breakfast and lunch, or surprise you?"

"Surprise me!" Yue answered happily. "Toph, do you want anything?"

Toph shrugged, even as she felt herself smiling. "Whatever is fine."

"'Whatever' it is," Zuko chuckled, closing the door behind him.

"Now, let's get you out of that dress~," Yue murmured, and for some reason she couldn't explain, Toph suddenly felt like she was in more danger than if Zuko had stayed.

She couldn't say she hated it, though.
Laying on the grass, Toph panted. Sweat covered her body and her fighting clothes stuck to her. Her heart was hammering away in her chest and she was grinning so wide it felt like her smile threatened to break something. She had never felt more… alive than she did at this moment.

"That was fun," Zuko chuckled, and a moment later, Toph raised an eyebrow as it felt like all the heat her body was putting off just evaporated. It wasn't quite like a cold breeze—more like the heat from her body didn't linger in the air, like when she exercised on a cool day. It felt nice and she felt herself relaxing under the sensation.

"It was," Yue added, stepping up near Toph's head. "Water?"

"Please?" Toph asked.

Yue giggled. "Open your mouth."

Toph did so and a cold trickle of water filled her parched mouth. She swallowed a mouthful, then more. Not a drop spilled on her and she never felt in danger of drowning. When she sighed and cracked her neck, Yue made her way over to Zuko, likely to do the same.

"It's getting late. We should return soon, young miss," Su reminded her from off to the side, where she had sat and watched them the whole day. Surprisingly, the maid hadn't said anything at all when Zuko began using firebending. Her heart had begun racing as she got a bit nervous, but it had quickly settled down when Toph showed that she wasn't afraid of a little fire and could protect herself just fine.

Lifting her arm, Toph gave herself a sniff and made a face. "I think they're going to figure it out if I go home smelling like this. Gonna need to take a bath at the inn."

"We can do that now!" Yue suggested, and Toph raised an eyebrow.

"What, just… out in the open? Is that a thing people do?"

"No one's around and we're cut off from the town by the hill, so they aren't going to see anything," Zuko shrugged.

"Come on," Yue bent down and grabbed Toph's hands, pulling her to her feet. The other girl led her over to the spring and small stream coming from it that Yue had been using as her water source for bending all day. "Can you make a tub big enough for us? About chest height? I'd do it out of ice, but then the water will get cold too fast."

A small smile pulled at Toph's lips and she nodded. A stomp and a gesture had the ground leveled out and a circle of stone, then walls that came up to the height of her chest. Seeing it would be a pain to get in and out of, she made stairs, then made a ring around the inside to sit on. "What do you think?"

"It's good! Thank you, Toph!" Yue clapped.

Being praised wasn't new for Toph, for being praised for the one thing she was actually proud of and good at was. At least, in a context that didn't involve kicking heads in. It made her smile and feel all warm inside, and kind of made her want to show off some more.

Yue pulled more water from the spring, quickly filling the bath. "Zuko~!"

"Hah. What am I, your personal water heater?" he sighed, but Toph could hear amusement in his voice as he made his way over and stuck his hand in. A moment later, the water heated up and Toph felt steam coming off of it. "There you go. I'm going to go get in some more practice."

"Mm! Su, will you join us?" Yue called, already starting to strip down.

The maid considered for a moment, her head tilting between them and where Zuko was walking up the hill and around to the other side. "No, miss Yue. I will be over here."

"Suit yourself," Yue called. "Now, where did I put that soap? … Ah! Found it. Are you coming, Toph?"

"Sure," Toph nodded and began stripping. "Want me to wash your back?"

Yue giggled and Toph observed her shake her head. "No need! Just get in. You'll see~."

Toph opened her mouth, almost reflexively point out that she wouldn't see, but then bit back on the impulse and shook her head. Yue hadn't made a big deal out of the whole sight thing, nor had she or Zuko felt like they were walking on eggshells around her about it. The only time it had even come up today was right before they started sparring using bending, with Zuko verifying that she could sense and dodge blasts, and Toph found she wasn't even upset about it since it was just common sense to make sure he wouldn't accidentally hurt her. So she cut off the usual verbal jab and decided to take a… softer approach, instead.

"Okay." Climbing into the tub, she settled into place on the seat she'd made. Yue slid through the water, sitting beside her, their sides pressed together under the water. "So what's the surprise?"

"Hehe~!" Yue giggled again and the hot water around them came alive.

"Eep!" Toph yelped, but Yue grabbed her around the hips, pulling Toph into her lap as she laughed.

"It's okay! You'll get used to it in a minute," the other girl promised, as the water swirled and moved around them, carrying the scent of soap with it.

True to Yue's words, after only a few seconds, it stopped feeling like she was being tickled all over her entire body at the same time and the sensation faded to a gentle, all over rubbing. Toph groaned, her body going limp in the other girl's lap.

"Oh wow," she managed to get out, feeling like all the tension was being drained out of her body at once.

Not just that, but all of the little aches and pains, the forming bruises, began to fade. Oddly, while Zuko had tagged her with his fire more than once, it had never actually hurt and hadn't left behind burns—it hadn't even caught her clothes on fire, as the moment it hit, it had immediately gone out. All of the damage was either from fists and feet, or getting smacked around by the girl now soothing the aches she had left. Not that Toph hadn't gotten her fair share of licks in.

"It's nice, isn't it?" Yue asked, resting her chin on Toph's shoulder, to which she nodded. "Same time tomorrow?"

"Sounds good," Toph sighed.

"So, we saw you last night. Is that an every night thing?"

Toph shook her head. "Once a week. It gives people time to do a little training and for the betting pools to change. But since I came in yesterday, if they decide I'm back, they're just going to bet on me to win and I won't make much off of it."

A hum directly into Toph's ear sent a shiver down her spine and Yue giggled. "Do they let other benders compete?"

"Not sure. Never heard of one. Why?"

"Well, if you need money," Yue hummed, not asking what Toph needed it for, "then if Zuko and I are allowed to enter, you could bet on us."

Toph shook her head. "There's no way they'd allow a firebender. A waterbender, maybe. I know who to ask. We can do that tomorrow, if you want."

"Mm! Please."

Chuckling, Toph admitted, "I'd love to hear them bitching when you wipe the floor with them. If it's anything like today, then you don't have anything to worry about from the rest of those rock heads."

"Only you, huh?"

"Yup," Toph grinned. "We should work on your stage name. Something like… The Geyser?"

Yue laughed. "That sounds lewd."

Toph snorted. "Yeah, that sounds like some kind of sex act involving bending."

"How about…"
"You're late."

"It's my fault, madame. I—"

"I wanted to listen to a play," Toph cut in, before Su could take the blame. Her mother huffed a sigh, before leaning closer.

"…Did you change your makeup?"

"Su had to reapply it after lunch. We had soup."

The short answer caused her mother to lean away, her head turning towards Su briefly. "…Was this is public?"

"No, ma'am," Su shook her head.

Another sigh escaped her mother's lips. "Thank goodness for that, at least. Toph, I know you like to try to do these things for yourself, but that is what we pay Su for."

Toph simply smiled. "Well, if it gets to be too much trouble, I'll just stop wearing makeup."

"You can't—!" her mother began to protest, but Toph cut her off.

"If the choice is between feeding myself and ruining my makeup, I'd rather have the soup."

Toph's mother made a frustrated sigh. Quietly, she muttered, "At least you didn't ruin your dress." Toph heard, but chose not to comment. She was in such a good mood that even putting up with her overbearing mother was tolerable for a change. "Go get cleaned up and meet us for dinner. We have a guest."

Containing her frown, Toph asked, "Oh? Who?"

"Master Yu. We asked him to come visit and check up on you, as his student," her mother answered, turning and walking away. But there was something there. Something Toph felt like she was missing. It was in the tone, and the way her mother's heartbeat picked up. Something about this visit made her… nervous? Anxious?

It wasn't until after a very boring dinner and a brief test from Master Yu, followed by being sent to bed, that Toph found out why he was visiting. Perceiving people using vibrations through the ground was the least of her sensory capabilities. She could easily make out their conversation as she sat in the bath, one foot pressed to the floor of the tub as she relaxed and let her mind wander back to the bath she'd taken with Yue earlier.

"Well?" her father asked—no, demanded, by his tone.

"What did you discover, Master Yu?" her mother asked.

"Lao, Poppy," Yu began slowly, the clink of a teacup interrupting his words briefly. "I hate to be the bearer of bad news."

"Go on," her father prompted.

Oh great, what's this idiot going to try to sell them now? Maybe he'll tell them I have bending-itis or something and only he can help cure it, for a small fortune of course—

"There are… signs," Yu sighed. "Your suspicions may be correct. The ill luck, inauspicious omens, and injuries…"

Heh. Fun times!

"I do not believe them to be the work of spirits."

Her mother sat up straighter. "Not poor wa, then?"

Yu shifted where he sat, humming quietly. "That depends on the source. I don't believe it myself, but there are… rumors circulating among certain less than reputable individuals. I would need to see it to confirm for myself."

Pfft. Yeah, it's the 'wa' alright, dumbass. That's what happens when you try to force someone into something they don't want. I'll disturb your fucking harmony until you quit it. Something about Yu's tone was off there, too. He sounded annoyed, and from his heartbeat, Toph could tell he was lying for at least part of it. There may be 'rumors' of whatever he was talking about, but her senses told her he probably actually had firsthand knowledge. So, why's he lying? And why's he sound so pissy?

Shaking his head, her father grumbled, "We don't care for rumors, only facts. What can you tell us? The facts, Master Yu."

"Facts, then," Yu nodded. "As I said, there are signs. Small, minute traces, all over the compound. Or rather, below it."

Wait. Hold on. What?

Her father sat up in his seat. "Traces of what? Do we have to worry about another assassination attempt?"

"No, I don't believe so. As I said, they're small. Subtle. If I hadn't been looking for it, I wouldn't have noticed. An assassin wouldn't stay around for the time required. This is something that had taken place over the course of years."

"Years?!" her mother's voice climbing made Toph wince.

"Yes. An earthbender of great skill has been subtly changing the earth beneath the Beifong household for years. Someone whose skill may even come close to rivaling my own…"

You don't have any skill. You're a hack. A mid-level earthbender barely capable of teaching nobles' children just enough to defend themselves from bandits, making his fortune off of people who don't know better, like my parents.

"With your permission, I would like to investigate further."

"Of course," her mother agreed easily, falling for the scam.

Nodding along, her father asked, "How long do you think it will take?"

"Oh, not long at all."

Toph didn't like Yu's smarmy tone at all. Something about it made her hackles rise. Made her want to punch his face in.

"There are legends among earthbenders. Most brush them off as old wives' tales, but perhaps there is a grain of truth to them. Let us find out."

Toph frowned as Yu lifted his foot, then brought it down on the floor. A sound resonated through the floor, and through her body, like an explosion going off inside her head. Toph yelped, jerking her foot off the floor and losing her balance, immediately going under. Her jaw clenched in pain and she got her bearings, standing in the tub and coughing out a bit of water.

"Toph?!" her mother yelped from the living room.

Yu reached up and made some sort of stroking motion in front of his face. His tone was smug. "So it is as I thought. Why don't we wait for Toph to get out of the bath before we continue. Or, should I say… the Blind Bandit."

Toph's whole body tensed for a moment, before she ground out a quiet, "Fuck."

Su was there a moment later, helping her out of the bath and wrapping her in a towel as she began drying the younger girl. "Young miss? Are you injured?"

"Just my pride," Toph huffed, using her own towel to try to dry her hair.

It wasn't perfect and she was still damp in places, but eventually, she was dressed enough to be presentable. "You should stay here," Toph warned, and Su nodded.

Stomping through the house, Toph sent out active pulses of sound through her feet, verifying the positions of everyone on the property and making sure they didn't have any surprise guests. She found her mother and father waiting in the living room, along with Yu. The man chuckled. "I knew the moment I saw you fight, who you had to be. You cost me quite a lot of money, you know? I believe your parents should cover this debt—"

"Your gambling debts are your own problem. Get out."

"Toph, you can't speak to a guest like this!"

"Shut up, mother." The room fell silent—in fact, it felt like the whole house fell silent, taking a collective breath to see what would happen next. She turned her head towards Yu again. "Last chance. Get out or I'll throw you out."

Yu rose to his feet slowly, dusting himself off as he did. "I would very much like to see you try, pupil."

Toph snorted softly. Below her, she felt the ground shift—slowly, carefully. But the thing was, Yu was right on that account. This was her home and she had been training and refining her bending in secret for years. Even as little as two years ago, Yu might have stood a chance.

As things were now, however? She knew every inch of dirt, every pebble, every speck of sand under their feet—and they were all hers. They held her chi and jumped at her touch. She disrupted his attempt with a thought. From the way his heart sped up and the quiet intake of breath, she knew he realized it now. I just wish I could see his face.

"Please. You were never my master. I learned everything I know about bending from the badger moles. You're a scam artist taking advantage of nobles wanting to have someone teach their little brats. Gotta say, normally I'd respect the hustle… but then you went and conned my parents."

She shifted slightly and the floor opened up, swallowing Yu up to the waist. The man squawked, but that quickly turned into a yelp as he went flying, the ground parting around him like water as he was dragged from the house, through the stone wall, and outside. Stone rose from the ground into a ramp and the man screamed as she threw him from the property, straight over the wall. Another minute movement and everything smoothed out, like it had never happened.

Toph smiled, but it was nearly wiped from her face when she felt her parents' hearts, fluttering in fear. Shaking her head, she took the cushion Yu had been seated on. Su entered the room a moment later with a fresh tea cup, which she quickly filled and handed to Toph.

"So…" Toph drew out the word for a moment, not quite sure where to go from here.

Well… cat's out of the bag now. Might as well take advantage, now that they know what they're dealing with.

She was tired. Tired of having to tiptoe around her parents. Tired of having to wear the mask of the dutiful, invalid daughter. Tired of not having any respect from her own family. In the end, she decided to do what she did best: be blunt.

"Let's talk about those arranged marriage meetings, and how there won't be any more."
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.
Now with Discord!​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:VialLemon, Voltrasin, OsKALLor and 2,367 others
sinereal
Jul 11, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 19 New
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
Jul 16, 2024
Add bookmark
#2,665
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
19
"Listen, Yue. I want to help. I do. But you know why I can't."

"We can do it safely! We'll make them agree to leave the room and then you can heal her—"

Toph raised an eyebrow as she slowed her steps. The argument coming from inside the couple's rented bedroom was quiet, too quiet for someone who wasn't leaning against their door to hear, but she was kind of cheating.

Are they talking about me?

For a moment, just a second, hope stirred in her breast—and she ruthlessly crushed it under heel. She was pretty sure Yue was a good healer—apparently, that first night after she had left them in their inn, they had gone out together and Yue had begun offering free healing to anyone who needed it. There were already rumors circulating the town about the miracle healer. But other Water Tribe healers had tried with her eyes and failed before. Zuko… she had nothing to go on there. All she'd seen him do was heal his leg, then maybe heal a few bumps and bruises after their first spar, if the blast of heat from him she felt after the spar was him lighting himself on fire to heal himself.

I'll tell them I don't want it—

"And when she walks out of that room, someone's going to ask the obvious question of how a girl who's been missing part of a leg since an accident with a cart suddenly has her leg back. More people are going to come by and ask for the same thing."

Oh. Not me then. But he can regrow a leg? That's pretty cool.

"We can put them to sleep as one of the conditions to heal them," Yue offered, her voice sounding a bit strained now.

Zuko sighed. "And when someone gets cute and decides to spy on us? They're going to see what I can do and if we're lucky, we'll only get run out of town. I don't want to have to fight my way out of an Earth Kingdom city. The potential collateral damage… One wrong move, one errant ember, and the entire place could go up. And then, instead of helping one, or ten, or even a hundred people best case scenario is that I destroy that many people's livelihoods, homes, goods."

Yeah, that sounds bad. Couldn't even really blame him at that point, if he said he didn't want to, did it anyway, got caught, and had to fight his way out. Shaking her head, Toph leaned against the wall outside the inn room and waited for the argument to end.

"We could do it outside of the city."

"Why would we need to do it outside of the city unless we had something to hide?"

Yue made a quiet, annoyed noise. Toph thought it sounded kind of cute, like an angry kitten, but she didn't think it'd go over well to tell the girl that to her face right now. She took a breath and let it out in a quiet sigh, before her tone changed. "Please? For me? We can wait until we're ready to leave and do it on the last day. That way, we should hopefully be gone before anyone has a chance to ask inconvenient questions. It doesn't have to be everyone. Just, just the one. It's not fair for a girl to grow up maimed."

Life's not fair—

"Life's not fair." Toph blinked, before the corners of her mouth pulled up into a smile. Zuko sat down on the bed with a sigh of his own. "This is the pirates all over again." His head tilted to look at Yue, who remained silent, staring back with her hands clasped in front of her waist in a gesture Toph hadn't really seen before. The man was silent for a few moments, before flopping back on the bed. "Just the one and I reserve the right to say I told you so."

Yue made her way over and sat down beside him, her hand coming to rest on his thigh. "Thank you, Zuko."

Toph chose that moment to push off the wall and knock on their door. "It's Toph. You guys in there?"

Yue stood and got the door, and Toph slipped inside. "You're not with your servant today?"

"Eh, some things happened last night and now I don't need one when I go out," Toph shrugged.

Zuko sat up, his head turning towards her. He studied her for a moment before chuckling. "How'd they find out?"

Toph made a face, wondering how he figured her out so easily. "They called a guy who runs a dojo for earthbending. He's an arrogant old asshole, but he figured it out."

"How did your parents take it?" Yue asked, her voice soft, expecting the answer from the tone of it.

Toph shook her head. "I don't want to talk about it. I'd rather go beat on something."

Pushing himself off the bed, Zuko stretched briefly. "Sounds fun. Yue?"

The girl hesitated, then shook her head. "Not today. If you don't mind, I'd like to spend more time healing."

Zuko paused where he stood, his head turned towards Yue. After a few moments, he nodded. Despite the earlier argument, there was worry and care in his voice as he said, "Be careful."

Yue chuckled quietly. "I will." She turned towards Toph. "Have fun~!"

Together, the two of them left the inn, heading out of the city, back towards the mountain where they had practiced the day before. Toph was content to walk in silence as they left the city and the crowds thinned. Once they stepped off the road, and she was sure no one was around, she asked, "So… trouble in paradise?"

"You heard that, huh."

It wasn't a question, but Toph nodded anyway. "Yeah. Sorry."

"It's fine." They fell silent for a bit longer, before the man said, "Differences in opinion are normal in any relationship. They're something you work through."

"Sure," Toph agreed. "But it kinda sounds to me like she wants to do something nice for someone, but doing it might cause more trouble than it's worth."

"That's basically it."

Toph shook her head. "Sometimes, you have to cut your losses. It's like… you can't just give handouts to beggars. Yeah, they're beggars, but not all of them are actually poor. That was one of my favorite scams before someone tried to take me home and I had to stop using it. Then there's the ones who could work, but don't. Or they got there because they were stupid. They're healthy, there's nothing wrong with them, but they'd rather beg than work. Or they spend all their money on gambling or booze. And even if you sorted out the ones who were really poor through no fault of their own and honestly in need of help, eventually you'd make yourself poor trying to feed and clothe all of them. Or they'd come to expect it." Frowning, she muttered, "Someone will always try to take advantage of that kind of kindness."

Zuko hummed. "You think she's naive?"

"Yes," Toph didn't hesitate.

"So do I," Zuko sighed. "But the thing is… as much trouble as it could be, there are things I like about it. I'd much rather Yue think the best of people, find ways to help people, and generally be a good person than turn into a jaded, cynical asshole. Sure, yeah, she's eventually going to make a mistake in trusting someone she shouldn't, or not being able to permanently deal with a problem only to have it bite her in the ass later. But it beats the alternative. I admire her ability to see the best in people and make friends with anyone she meets. I'm just hoping that time and exposure to people will temper that a bit. I'd like her keep all the good parts but stop looking at the world like, well…"

"Like everyone is as good a person as she is, until they prove her wrong?"

"Yeah."

"She sounds kinda… sheltered." Deciding to ask one of the questions she'd had since Yue had first told her the story, she asked, "What'd you do, kidnap some water tribe princess?"

Zuko laughed. "Something like that."

His heartbeat gave him away. She had hit pretty close to the truth. She knew Yue didn't think she'd been kidnapped, which probably meant… She's not a noble, she's a princess. That explains some things.

His head turned to regard her for a moment before asking, "Sounds like you've got some personal experience."

He didn't ask, which Toph appreciated, but she decided to answer anyway. "My parents. It's like… how are you this dumb? I'm blind and I can see this guy is trying to screw you over! I don't get it. When it comes to the business, they're fine. They have no problem spotting a bad deal and walking away. It's just…"

Chuckling, Zuko asked, "They have a blind spot when it comes to you."

"Ha ha," Toph rolled her eyes, took a step closer, and punched the taller man in the arm. For just a moment, Toph winced. Wait, did I screw up?

"Ow," came the completely flat response. "So, Yue mentioned that the tournament—"

"Earth Rumble," Toph supplied.

"That," he nodded. "She said it was a weekly thing. She also told me you were looking to make some money off of it and having trouble, because everyone knows you're going to win. Or at least enough people to skew the odds."

"Yeeeah," Toph sighed. "It sucks. She said she might help me out though, if they'll let a waterbender enter."

"I have no doubt Yue will win," Zuko nodded, sounding absolutely confident of that. "The only person that might give her trouble is you and even then, I think I'd still bet on Yue."

"Psh please, I'd kick her butt!" Toph boasted, but there was no real heat in it. As confident as she was in herself, she also wasn't dumb. Yue was strong and good. Like, freakishly so. The only reason she was pretty sure she would win in the Rumble was because there was no water in the arena, so Yue would be limited to whatever she brought with her. As her spar the previous day had shown, the waterbender could easily get one over on her if she wasn't careful, and Yue had a source of water nearby.

"Maybe," Zuko shrugged. His head turned towards her again as they climbed over the hill that would block them from view of the city. "Your family's rich. If you wanted to buy something, couldn't they just buy it for you?"

"Normally, yeah. They would," Toph agreed. "But it's something only I can buy."

"Yeah?"

"Yeah."

Chuckling, he asked, "Well, now I'm curious. You gonna keep me in suspense? Give me a hint?"

Stopping, Toph slid into a wide ready stance, a smirk pulling at her lips. "I'll tell you if you beat me. Ten good hits or you knock me out. If I win, you've got to fill in the blanks of that story Yue told me when we met."

"Heh. Sure. You've got a deal. One thing though. You mind if I use something other than fire? I need to practice it against an earthbender."

Toph tilted her head, curious and confused. "What do you mean, 'something other than fire?'"

"You know there are four basic elements," he began, and she nodded. "And then you've got your derivative stuff, like bloodbending, lavabending, or metalbending."

The shorter girl scoffed. "You can't bend metal."

"Yes, you can," Zuko said, and something about his tone and the steady beat of his heart told her that he knew it for a fact. "Anyway. Then you've got lightning, which a lot of people say is advanced firebending, but it's not, and I'm going to prove it one day. Then we have the last one. Or maybe the first. Bending energy itself."

"That's a thing?"

"Yep. Kind of a lost art, usually exclusive to lion turtles and avatars. But apparently, it can be passed on. I learned how to do it, but it didn't exactly come with an instruction manual. No forms that people have been building on for hundreds or thousands of years. So I'm having to make it up as I go along. And for that, I need a sparring partner. But, and here's the part I think you'll like," he said, and Toph perked up a bit in interest. "If they're going to let Yue compete and we can take them for all they're worth, why not do the same scam twice?"

Toph found herself grinning from ear to ear. "You can't enter as a firebender, but if you say you're some kind of new type of bender… They won't be expecting the same trick twice in a row." Bouncing lightly on her feet, she slid out of her stance and moved away, taking in the valley they were in.

"If we're going to do this, then we should change the scenery, so you'll know what you can expect." Stomping a foot, she began raising a platform of stone, leveling it out and walking it off to fit the exact dimensions of the one used in the rumble. She made sure to leave Yue's spring (and the bath she had made for them) alone as she worked, but otherwise began shaping a copy of the arena inside a bowl-shaped depression. When she was satisfied, she nodded. "Come on up!"

Zuko jumped and did something that made a small explosion, before landing lightly on the arena. "Looks good."

"Thanks. So, Rumble rules are get knocked out of the ring, or knocked out, and you lose. You ready?" she asked, sliding back into her ready stance.

The man across from her did likewise, though there was something off about it. It took her a moment, but Toph placed it as something closer to Yue's opening stance than the one Zuko had used for firebending the day before. "Whenever you are."

Toph grinned and stomped her foot, raising a boulder and stepping forward to punch it and test his response. Zuko moved out of the path, sliding through a few quick motions that again, reminded her of Yue's waterbending form. She felt no heat at all from him. Actually, the air was getting colder. Disregarding the oddity, she launched another rock, another, and— He shifted from 'water gathering' to 'launching fire,' a basic punch forward that would have sent a fireball her way.

Toph reacted on instinct, diving to the side. Something disturbed the air as it zipped past her, much faster than a fireball, and the only warning she'd had was recognizing the stance. "Okay! That's different!"

"Right?" Zuko laughed, then Toph watched as his extended hand opened, made a grabbing motion, and he pulled back towards himself.

Toph felt a moment of confusion, before something slammed into her back and exploded, knocking her forward and onto her face. She rolled out and back to her feet, watching as Zuko made another 'come here' motion. "What the fuck was that?!"

"I believe that was a point."

Toph's eyebrow twitched at the amusement in his voice. "Jerk."

Alright, you got me with that one. Whatever it is that energybending does, he can pull his attacks back. So, think if it like a rock. He's throwing a rock really fast, then pulling it back. But it's energy, not a rock. So maybe, like water or fire, it can change shape. I'll need to be careful of that.

Shifting her foot forward, she sent a small wave of earth rushing for Zuko's feet, hoping to knock him off balance, followed by a chop of her hand that created a series of dull spikes rushing up from the ground towards where she expected him to move. Toph frowned as he jumped into her attack, kicked off of it, and rushed her—trying to close to hand to hand range. She could hold her own in hand to hand most of the time, but after her first spar with the pair, Toph had learned that Zuko just had her outclassed when it came to throwing hands. He had a longer reach and was a bit faster, and just as strong as her. Letting him get up close and personal was a bad idea.

Raising a foot, she stomped the ground and exploded it out in a wave ahead of her, launching hundreds of rocks and throwing up dust that would leave him just as blind as her—more, even, considering she could 'see' through the ground. Except, Zuko didn't do what she was expecting. She had thought he would either get hit by the explosion (and score her some points), or he would launch himself higher to evade. Instead, there was a faint sound almost too low to hear, a vibration in the air, like a drop of water hitting a still pond. The next thing Toph knew, a boot was hitting her face and she found herself spinning through the air, disconnected from the earth and truly blind. The follow-up came immediately as he kicked her in the stomach, then punched her in the back, throwing her towards the edge of the ring—and she'd consider a ring-out a full loss.

Her heart was pounding. Her face and body already hurt. She tasted blood and her head was ringing from the blow. And despite it all, Toph couldn't help but smile. Zuko wasn't going easy on her. He wasn't pulling his punches. He was treating her as a threat—someone he had to take seriously if he wanted to beat. Sparring match or not, short of throwing around fire, he was going all out. She loved it, and she couldn't help but want to answer with the same.

Her hand touched the ground, slipping into it like water and pulling her to a stop. More of those faint whistling sounds filled the air—many more, but this time there was no windup. He didn't telegraph it with a firebending form. He just stood there and launched some sort of barrage. Crouching low, Toph slapped the ground and raised a barrier in front of her, point facing towards Zuko and sides angled to deflect whatever he was throwing at her. Not a moment too soon as, an instant later, she registered a dozen hits crashing into her barrier and exploding on contact, cracking and threatening to break it, forcing her to reinforce it.

He moved to gather up what he'd thrown at her again and Toph took the opening for what it was, launching her barrier at him in parts. At the same time, she stomped and shot a small rock from behind him, aimed at the back of his head—or the middle of his back if he moved as she expected. A solid thump sounded and Toph grinned as she heard Zuko grunt, landing on the ground with a wince.

Raising her hands, she exploded the surface of the arena again, turning it into more dust—thick enough that she could feel it faintly outlining them both. Then, she dove forward and slipped into the ground, moving through the stone like it was water as she held her breath. She felt him above her as she moved around beneath him. A bit of bending had a rough copy of herself, a Toph-shaped pile of rocks and dirt, rising up where she had been and charging—looking much like she did when she covered herself in rock armor. Zuko went after it, launching more attacks and rushing to close into hand to hand range. Toph waited and, as soon as he engaged, she popped up behind him—

A boot caught her in the face and Toph yelped as she felt her nose break. "Fuck!"

Rolling out, she went underground again and popped up off to his side, only to have to dive again as she felt the dust disturbed. How is he tracking me?! He's supposed to be as blind as I am—

Toph's thoughts froze on the spot as the answer became obvious. Opening a small hole to the surface of the ring, she asked, "Did you train for fighting blind?"

"Yep. I can see heat. Nice trick with the clone, by the way. Almost fooled me, because I couldn't see through the stone around it."

On the one hand, Toph was kind of impressed. Also, learning that someone else had gone to the effort to learn to see with their bending made her feel… something. She wasn't sure what yet and didn't have time to figure it out at the moment. On the other hand, she was kind of pissed. He'd landed five hits to her one and had broken her nose! Her competitive streak wouldn't let that stand… and Zuko had just told her how to beat his little 'seeing heat' trick.

Toph launched herself to the surface, covered in rock armor. At the same time, she created four 'clones' as he called them around him. All of them attacked at once, under her direction. To keep from giving herself away within the crowd, Toph limited her bending to just controlling the copies.

"Well, shit," Zuko muttered. He shifted, lowering his stance and sweeping first one hand forward in an arc, then spinning and sweeping the other behind him. Toph (and her clones) raised her arms instinctively to block and found herself and her copies slammed with two waves of something—as she'd thought, he could change the shape of whatever it was he was using. The attacks cut through the outer layer of rock, but didn't do anything otherwise. Zuko moved to gather his energy back up and Toph struck.

In response, she and her copies stepped forward, each shooting off a fist made of stone—then she repeated it as she regrew the fist, sending a barrage of small, fast attacks at the man and forcing him on the defensive. Zuko ducked, dodged, and weaved through the attacks, occasionally blocking, punching, kicking, or shooting a stone as he tried to get out of the barrage. Toph felt him do something, making that 'drawing' gesture again, and some of the stone flying at him fell out from under her control, as though the ki she'd launched it with had been stripped out—but the stones were still moving fast enough that it didn't matter and he had to evade anyway.

Picking up the pace, Toph added kicks to the barrage. Zuko lasted another few seconds before he took the first hit—then another, and another, as she hit him with enough force to spin him around and send him to the ground, where a volley of three more hit him at the same time before he could roll out. "That last one only counts as one," he grunted.

"Nope! It's seven to five!" Toph jeered, only to realize her mistake an instant later as her armor exploded around her and a barrage of blasts launched her through the air. In the moment she spent airborne, she thought back to Zuko's movements as he dodged and nearly kicked herself for not realizing it sooner. The entire time he was dancing around, he had been gathering and preparing more of those attacks and waiting for the right moment to identify her and strike decisively—

Toph slammed into the bowl on the outside of the ring and slid down to the ground. Coughing, she groaned as something shifted uncomfortably in her chest. Reaching down, she carefully probed her ribs below her right breast. Yeah, that's cracked. Shit.

Still, she couldn't help but laugh as Zuko jumped out of the ring and landed in front of her, stumbling as he did. He might have won, but she'd made him fight for it every step of the way, and had given as good as she got. And now that she had seen what he could do, she could prepare for the next time. She wouldn't lose the same way again.

"That was fun," she chuckled, then whimpered at the pain in her rib.

"It was. Wasn't sure I was gonna win there at the end, so I might have overdone it." Zuko limped over and reached down, carefully lifting her up to her feet.

They leaned against each other as they made their way out of the bowl, Zuko leading them towards the bath. "If you apologize, I'm going to hit you," Toph growled. "Don't ruin it for me."

"Wouldn't dream of it," he laughed, and Toph felt that he meant it. "How's your chest?"

"You hit me in the titty," Toph grumbled, reaching up to rub her sore boob. "Cracked a rib, too."

"I'll take care of it." Toph snorted as Zuko paused, then immediately added, "Healing."

"Uh huh. Sure. That's what you meant."

"Shut up," he shook his head, then sighed. "Really not gonna help my case when I tell you that you need to strip."

Toph laughed, then immediately regretted it. "What would Yue say?"

"She'd probably laugh and enjoy someone else suffering being awkward about it, because I made her do it shortly after we met, when I healed her master. Yagoda thought it was hilarious."

"Awkward? You, maybe." Pushing him away, she began undoing her robe. "Out of curiosity, what happens if I don't undress?"

"Well," Zuko began, doing the same as he turned away from her. "I can set myself on fire and not burn my clothes, no problem. For someone else? Not so much. And as it turns out, even if you're getting healed faster than damage can accumulate, having all your clothes burn off of you hurts like a bitch."

"Do I need to be out of the water for this, or…?"

"I'd prefer it. Don't want to accidentally boil you," he chuckled, and she nodded. "You ready?"

Toph dropped the last of her clothes and kicked them to the side. "Yup."

Zuko turned around, but she noticed his head wasn't exactly turned towards her body. Considering him for a moment, she asked, "Did you close your eyes?"

"Yeah. So, unlike Yue, I can't exactly tell where something's injured. You're going to need to direct me—"

Toph reached out and grabbed his hand, pulling it to her ribs, just below her left breast. "Here."

His hand felt warm on her body and Toph felt herself growing warm. It wasn't the first time she'd been touched—Su both dressed her and helped her bathe most days. But it was the first time it was a man doing the touching—and the first time it was someone she might kind of like. As a friend! Someone who treated her like an equal, not an invalid.

Then, her whole body below the neck felt warm—like standing in a warm breeze, with the majority of the warmth centered under Zuko's hand. She felt and perceived her rib as it healed and the pain became a distant memory. The big bruise her left tit was becoming faded as well, along with a bunch of other bruises, aches, and pains over the rest of her body. Finally, Zuko pulled his hand away from her chest and up. Toph gasped quietly as his hand slipped over her nipple.

"Sorry," he muttered, both hands coming up and resting to either side of her nose. "This is going to hurt. On three. One—"

"Ee!" Toph yelped as he snapped her nose back into place. "Shit! You said three!"

"I lied," he shrugged, and then the pain faded as she felt warmth on her nose. "There. All better. I'm getting in the bath. You can wait or you can—" Toph launched herself with a small rock pillar, tucked into a ball, and splashed down into the cold spring water filling the bath. She surfaced with another yelp, shivering. "Or you can just jump in, yeah. Hang on."

Zuko stuck his arm in the tub and, a moment later, Toph sighed as the water heated around her to the perfect temperature. "Much better."

"You're welcome," he said, and she felt a brief flare of heat around him before he climbed in and sat down across from her. Yawning, he leaned back and rested his head on the ledge. "So. What can't you buy with your parents' money that you can buy with your own?"

Toph sighed, considering the man across from her. After a few moments of thinking, she answered, "Independence."

"Hm?"

"My freedom." He sat up a bit and tilted his head towards her. He didn't ask more, just waiting. Giving Toph the chance to decide if she wanted to say more. Eventually, she decided to. "You have no idea what it feels like to be a prisoner in your own home."

Zuko chuckled once, shaking his head. "You're wrong. Yue and I are probably the two people who understand it best. Differently for each of us, but close enough."

"My parents treat me like I'm made of glass and I'll break if someone looks at me wrong, or says the wrong thing."

"After our mother left, my sister and I had to learn how to act and speak around our father to avoid him lashing out."

Toph frowned. "My parents keep trying to sell me off for marriage, like I don't even get a say."

Zuko shrugged. "Welcome to a day in Yue's life. Her father tried to engage us to tie me to their tribe when they learned what I could do. The guy who thought he was going to marry her before I came along chased us across the Earth Kingdom until he got himself spirited away."

"Yeah, well, an assassin tried to kill my parents before I was born and that's why I'm blind and my mom can't have any more kids!"

"It's not a competition, Toph," Zuko sighed, before his voice changed, filled with amusement. "But if you want to compete…"

She felt him move through the water towards her, stopping right in front of her. "What are you doing?"

"Give me your hand," he said instead. Rising to the challenge, Toph reached out a hand towards him. Zuko took the offered hand and brought it up. "You can't see it, so let's do the next best thing," he murmured, before resting her hand on his chest.

Toph nearly pulled her hand away, but Zuko held it there. She stopped as she realized what it was she was feeling. Beneath her fingers was raised tissue that stood out from the smooth skin of the rest. Zuko let her hand go and Toph slowly brought up the other hand, tentatively exploring. The right side of his chest was mostly smooth, firm pectoral, with the occasional streak of raised tissue. The left side was a mess, where all the raised parts seemed to radiate outwards from one spot in particular, just above his heart.

"What it is?" Toph asked quietly.

"That is scar tissue. I could remove it, sure, but I keep it as a reminder. My father tried to kill me, because I mouthed off to him. Not in an Agni Kai, that is an official duel, but at the dinner table. In front of my sister." He reached up and his hand settled over the top of hers, squeezing it briefly before pulling it away. "So when I say we understand…"

"You really do," Toph murmured as Zuko settled in beside her.

"Yeah."

They fell silent for a while at that. Eventually however, Toph smirked. "I'm gonna make you tell me the rest of that story next time."

"You're welcome to try. Now, let's talk about the Rumble. How much money could we bring in on a bet before they decided it wasn't worth it, or that something was up?"
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.

20
"Wish me luck!"

"I don't need to. I know you'll win," I sent Yue a smile and the girl stuck out her tongue, before darting in and giving me a peck on the lips. Turning away, she pulled down her veil and hurried off to where the other people participating were waiting.

"You two make my teeth itch," Toph complained from beside me, where she was carrying one of the two boxes we had with us. Hers contained all of her saved winnings from her time as the Blind Bandit. The one in my own hands contained an equal amount, pulled from the treasure on the boat.

"Jealous?" I teased, reaching down with my free hand to brush some dust off of my uniform—the same one the Beifong family's guards wore—and adjust my sword at my side, to sell the look.

To my surprise, Toph nodded. "A little. Every other man I've met either treats me like glass because of my eyes, or they're so obvious about wanting to marry me for my family's money that it's embarrassing."

I reached out and patted her on the shoulder. "Well, cheer up. It could be worse. At least your parents aren't still trying to marry you off."

Toph considered for a moment before smiling brightly. "You're right."

"How are they taking it? Still upset?"

"Tch. Yeah," Toph grunted. "They're not sure how to act around me now. That place is starting to feel less and less like home…" Toph trailed off and shook her head. "But with any luck, they'll see I can take care of myself with more than just my bending after tonight. Come on, this way. Bookies are over here."

Following the girl's lead, we made our way towards where people were placing bets. After only a minute or two, we made it to the front of one of several lines, where one of the bookmakers there wearing a China dress in bright green and gold looked up and smiled brightly at me, before her eyes fell to Toph and her smile fell off. Without preamble, she asked, "…We weren't notified you would be fighting today, Ms. Bandit?"

"I'm not! I'm just here to watch," Toph grinned, and I rolled my eyes as the woman glanced at Toph's eyes briefly, before making a face.

"Yeees. I see."

"I'm glad you do," the little shit stirrer needled the woman again.

The bookie recovered quickly however and got down to business. "Very well then. You've come to place a bet?"

Toph thumped the small chest she was carrying down on the table. I put my own box down beside hers. "One thousand gold pieces in this one," she tapped her box, "Another thousand in this one."

"My apologies, but it is company policy that bets in excess of eight hundred gold will need to be weighted by an approved Official of Scales and—"

Toph's hand slapped a stamp down on the table's stone surface. "How about now?"

The bookie paused in her droning as she caught sight of what was on the stamp: an emblem of a winged pig. The same winged pig emblem recognized, honored and even enshrined by every institution in the whole region of Gaoling. She paled, glancing back at Toph. For just a moment, her mouth fell open and she stared.

"What are you eyeballing me for?" Toph crossed her arms, "If you think I'm not good for my gold, then feel free to count it if you like. You can even send that stamp along with the chest, but just keep in mind that I'm gonna want it back."

"There's no need, Ms. Beifong! No need at all!" the woman laughed nervously as she bowed at the waist, low enough to almost knock her head on the table. "So, which bets would you like to place?"

The rumors of the Blind Bandit's identity had indeed spread, but having Toph actually own it was a bit unexpected. This wasn't actually an uncommon reaction. Apparently, Toph's former teacher, one Master Yu had spread the knowledge around town and we'd seen more than one person approach her in the street just to tell her how much they loved her alter ego. And so, despite being blind, Toph actually glanced up at me, likely just to show off her shit-eating grin.

"Told ya we wouldn't have trouble making huge bets."

"Show off."

"Yup," she smirked, before turning back to the bookie. Humming, Toph pretended to think about it. "Zuko, what was the name of that new talent we heard about? The rumored waterbender?"

"The Lady of the Lake," I answered with a straight face. In the end, it had become a group effort to think of Yue's stage name. Toph wanted something fierce sounding. Yue wanted something elegant and pretty. I split the difference and suggested something that would imply social status without giving away anything about her identity.

The bookie perked up. "Oh yes. She will be in the second match, against the winner of the first match. The Headhunter is in the first match against Fire Nation Man. If you would like, I have a scroll detailing the odds for each successive match…" She blinked, then quickly added, "I can read it for you."

"Zuko?"

I held out my hand and took the scroll. "First match, Headhunter vs Fire Nation Man. Two to one odds favoring Headhunter. Second match, Lady of the Lake versus either of them. Odds are one point five to one against her for Fire Nation Man, three to one against for Headhunter. If she moves to the next match, it's against Gecko. Odds are three to one against. Next would be Gopher, four to one against. Then Hippo—"

"You mean Big Bad Hippo—"

"I'm not saying that," I shot the woman at the table a grin before turning back to Toph. "Eight to one against for Hippo. Boulder last, ten to one odds against."

Toph nodded, then sent a smile towards the older woman. "All of it on Lady of the Lake, and let it ride."

"Are… are you sure, Ms. Beifong? I know you're familiar with our other competitors, but this is the Lady's debut. She's a complete unknown. A dark horse."

I sighed, playing up the act of the beleaguered bodyguard putting up with the noble brat. "Boss, you shouldn't just throw your money away like this. There are better things you could use it for."

"Gotta spend my allowance somewhere, right?" Toph laughed, a very fake sounding—at least to my ears—ojou-sama style 'ooohhh ho ho ho~,' drawing quiet murmurs of discontent from those around and behind us. "I'm sure! It's just pocket change. I won't miss it if I lose it. And hey, with those odds and two thousand gold coins on the line, you'd have to be an idiot not to bet against me."

The bookie sighed, before marking something down on a scroll and handing Toph back her stamp. "Very well, Ms. Beifong. Two thousand on the Lady, to ride. Please enjoy your night. If you like, the VIP booth still has seating available."

"Psh, no thanks. I want to be down close to where the action is, so I can feel it in my bones," Toph waved her off and I followed as we moved through the crowd towards the entrance to the stadium.

"Snacks! Snacks here! Get your rock candy! Get your carameled corn! We've even got fire flakes!"

Toph paused, then turned a smile at me. "Hey Zuko…"

"You want snacks?" I asked, and she nodded.

"I want snacks. Never been here as a spectator before. Well, not officially." Tilting her head slightly, she tilted her head off to the side and added, "And uh, some of that fizzy water stuff. You know, the fruity kind."

"Alright," I agreed, and we got in line to wait for concessions. Quietly, I asked, "Did they buy it?"

"Oh yeah," she nodded. "They're just throwing money at every fight against Yue."

"Excellent," I chuckled, stepping forward with the line. "There's a sucker born every minute."

We got concessions and made our way into the stadium. I directed Toph to a nice set of seats somewhat near to the front where no one was sitting—right in the splash zone where she wanted and far away enough from other people that we could talk with some privacy. Toph immediately began stuffing her face and I shook my head as she made quiet, happy noises as she tried a little of everything we'd gotten—which was one of everything they had. The 'fizzy water' was, to my surprise, some kind of carbonated water mixed with various fruit flavors. Toph had gone with cherry, while I'd found one that tasted kind of like cream soda.

Going to have to ask for or steal the recipe before we leave, and figure out where they're sourcing their carbonated water. Or see if Yue can make it. It'd be nice to have something different once in a while. Tea gets old.

Eventually, the announcer made his appearance and began warming the crowd up. The place thrummed with the sounds of shouting and stomping. Then, the first fighters came out, to the sounds of boos for Fire Nation Man. Beside me, Toph wore an ear to ear grin.

"These guys are total clowns. They're just here to get everyone in the mood for the main event. Kinda surprised they have the Boulder coming in so late though. Usually, they bring him in early and let him work his way through the others. He's the fan favorite. The star."

"Yeah?" I asked, and she nodded.

"Yeah. It's not fake, but it is kinda scripted. Fire Nation Man," she gestured vaguely towards the arena, where the man in question was dodging rocks thrown his way, "is the Evil Foreigner. You can't use someone from one of the other Earth Kingdoms, but everyone hates the Fire Nation, so…"

"I get it. So he's there to lose."

"Oh yeah. He's there to throw the fight and make the crowd feel good. He does win sometimes, just to turn up the drama and keep the betting pools from getting stale, but it's rare. Then there's the acrobats. We call 'em 'high flyers.' Middle weight guys who are all fast and like to use a lot of acrobatics in their acts. The Star is supposed to work his way through those first, then go up against the Big Guy, someone even bigger than him. Usually, that's it, unless a returning Champ shows up. That's me and a couple of old timers. We don't do that often though, because it screws with the bets. That's why I was kinda sorta banned for the last two years."

"So, what do you call Yue?"

Toph hummed. "The New Guy or a Sweeper. Depends on if they're good or not. If she cleans the floor with them, she's a Sweeper."

Toph held up her hand and I looked back to the ring, where Fire Nation Man was being thrown out on a boulder. "Looks like she's up."

The girl beside me brought a mouthful of caramel corn to her lips and grinned. "This is gonna be good. She is gonna drag it out, right?"

"She'll stick to the plan," I confirmed as the announcer roared Yue's introduction. "It's Yue. She's not exactly a hothead. It'll be fine."
Yue's heart pounded in her chest as the announcer called her name. Taking a breath, she stepped out of the waiting area and started walking towards the stage.

Zuko and Toph both said I should make an entrance. So something flashy. So…

Releasing the bending water from her water skin, she jumped and used it to launch her into the air, drawing it with her and shifting it into mist as she flew through the air. Mist exploded out from around her as she landed, before swirling back around her body and condensing into a stream of water, waiting for her to use it as the crowd went wild.

Yue ignored them as she reached out to the water below her. As part of their preparations for this event to help their friend, they had done some scouting in the days ahead of the fight. There was an underground river that ran below the mountains and, between Toph and Yue, they had redirected it a bit to run directly under the mountain where the Earth Rumble was held. Yue could feel it moving, just below the surface, waiting for her to call on it. So she did—several little streamers reaching up from below, starting to cut their way through the rock between the underground river and the stage.

Yue was pulled from her focus on the water below her by the man in front of her. He had been saying something rude but, per Toph's instructions, she had ignored it. They had worked on her 'character' for this together. It was kind of exciting, actually. The entire thing was one part play acting show, one part bending fight. They had decided that it would be best if Yue's 'Lady of the Lake' character remained aloof and detached, above the petty taunts of the other fighter, to lean into the air of mystery and nobility around her character.

And Yue was perfectly fine with that because the truth was… she was terrible at witty banter. Embarrassingly so. The one time she and Toph had practiced, Yue had nearly broken down into tears because she took the insults, the 'shit talk' as Toph and Zuko called it, too personally. Worse yet, she felt bad saying anything negative back and the few attempts she made had just left her blushing as the other two fought not to laugh at her. So, silent mysterious lady it was.

Oh, he's leaping, Yue blinked, as the bare-chested, masked man with wild brown hair before her—the announcer had called him The Headhunter—launched himself into the air with a rock pillar, taking a boulder the size of his head with him in one hand as he wound up like he was planning to smash Yue with it. A small frown pulled at her lips as she took in his arc and estimated that he would land pretty much right on top of her. Something seemed off, however, and it took her a moment to figure it out as he hit the top of his arc and began to fall.

He's so… slow.

Reacting instinctively, she shifted backwards one step, left arm coming up as the water circling her shifted and reached out into a whip. If it were Zuko, he would have dodged. If it had been Toph, she would have heard the counter coming and used whatever rock she took up with herself to either launch herself away, or throw it at Yue. The Headhunter did neither. Beneath his mask, his face shifted into an expression of bewilderment as Yue's water whip caught him around the midsection.

Another step and Yue pulled, turning the falling man's momentum against him and directing it, adding a bit of force of her own. The water connecting them whipped forward and down and she let go as she completed one full rotation with a final step. The Headhunter yelled as he flew out of the ring, landing in among the first row of seating with a crash that sounded painful even from where Yue stood.

For a moment, the arena was dead silent. Then, it erupted into a wave of sound that Yue felt in her chest. A smile pulled at her lips as she turned around to take in the crowd, her eyes shifted over those gathered, until she found Zuko and Toph sitting almost directly to her right from where she'd started, right up front. Toph was cheering, both hands in the air as she stomped her feet. Zuko… Zuko wore that look of exasperation she had grown to enjoy bringing out in him during their time together.
Seven seconds. Less time than it takes to ride a bull.

I sighed as Toph cheered loudly at my side. "Well, there goes that plan."

"Screw the plan, that was awesome! That chump didn't even see it coming!"

Soon enough, the announcer called the next match. The Gecko lasted a bit longer… but only because Yue let him land, only to create an ice slick beneath him and kick him towards the edge. The ice behind him rolled up into a small wave of water that carried him the rest of the way and the Gecko shot off the side of the ring like he'd been greased.

Frowning, I squinted a bit as I studied the announcer's face while the crowd laughed. "Didn't you say the announcer was also the owner?"

"Huh? Oh, yeah. Xin Fu. He was in the Rumble himself years back, apparently," Toph nodded.

"He looks pissed."

"Heh. Yeah, I can hear it," she laughed. "He's watching his money evaporate in front of him. The house takes a cut of all winnings, but he probably had his own bets lined up. He knows his guys. He doesn't have to try to play the odds when he can pretty much guess who's gonna win each round, if they haven't agreed to have someone take a dive. He just bets on the one most likely to win. It's not a huge return, but it's stable. And now, Yue's shaking that up and he's losing money." The girl leered. "Sucks to suck!"

The next fight against the Gopher saw the man diving underground, only to come up spluttering and covered in mud, as water began to pour out of the holes he'd made in the arena. "Shit," I grumbled. "Looks like he found the surprise."

A gesture from Yue had the coughing, mud-covered man crashing out of the ring in a torrent of water. Another gesture had the water spreading across the ring's surface.

He knows he's lost control now, I mused, listening to the announcer call in the next contestant. Hippo leapt onto the stage with a rumble that shook the floor through my boots. Lifting his foot, he stomped the ring and it began to rock from one side to the other. Water swirled around Yue's feet, holding her in place as the stage quickly began to climb closer to a ninety degree angle with every step Hippo took. And then the wet ground under his feet iced over on the next stomp, sending him careening off the edge as the stage tilted one last time before settling back into place—not quite level again.

"These guys kind of suck."

Toph snorted quietly. "They're idiots. Rock heads. They're good at what they do, but you can tell they've never faced another kind of bender."

I raised an eyebrow skeptically, then remembered she couldn't see it. "You didn't have that problem."

"I don't suck," she shrugged, wearing a cocky little grin. "Oh, here comes that asshole, Boulder!"
They're really… not good at this, are they?

Yue only had a moment to contemplate that before someone jumped in from the entrance. She raised a tentacle from octopus form to snag him, only for the big man to chop his hand down and tear through it, leaving Yue to skip away from him as he landed with a much smaller quake than the Hippo had.

"You're done good to make it this far little girl, but now you face THE BOULDER!" the man roared as he… took a moment to stand and pose, flexing to show off his enormous muscles.

Don't really see the appeal of stacking muscles like boulders, Yue mused, giving the man a moment to showboat as she focused her attention below. He'd crush me, and not in a fun way.

Toph and Zuko both had insisted that she end everything with a big finish, so that was what she was going to do. Reaching down, she pulled on the water below, drawing it to the surface. A geyser erupted out of the floor, from the holes the Gopher had made, rising several feet in the air and pouring over the surface of the ring.

"You won't roll the Boulder with a little water!" the man across from her roared, before stomping down and closing the holes in the arena floor with earthbending.

Yue smiled and shifted, tapping her foot on the floor. Three more water spouts sprang up across the ring. An instant later, the Boulder stomped again, closing them up and raising his namesake from the ground, before launching it at her. Yue shifted, sliding to the side on a thin layer of water as the boulder passed her by, making more water spouts rise up across the ring.

Just a little more. Focus on the ring, not the floor…

They traded blows back and forth, the Boulder sending waves of rock and tossing stones at her, Yue dodging, then countering with waves of water or ice. Until finally, a rumble and a loud crack sounded and brought the match to a pause as water erupted in the floor space between the ring and the seats. Waterspouts rose several feet in the air, one after another as more and more stone broke under the pressure of the underground river, following the paths Yue had made for it. Water quickly began to fill the area outside the ring and as she watched, the Boulder's eyes went wide.

Yue twirled and the water around them swirled, frothing as it began to spin with a roar that drowned out the sound of the crowd. She thrust her hands forward and a huge wave swelled over the ring. The Boulder dropped to his knees, slamming a fist against the ground and raising a barrier of stone around himself as water crashed down around him.

Another gesture, a thought, and water dug into every crack and imperfection in his barrier… then shattered as it shifted to ice. Stone cracked as water expanded into ice. Ice shifted back to water, allowing more water to fill the gaps, before it expanded again with a louder crack. Then again, and again, until finally the barrier gave way and the Boulder screamed as he was swept away in the tide, thrown into the stands and stuck in place by a wave of water that froze around him.

The crowd erupted. It was pandemonium. People cheered, jeered, screamed, stomped, threw things—at her and at each other. Multiple fights broke out in the stands.

The announcer dropped down into the ring beside her, carrying a large bag and wearing a sour look. Quietly, so quietly only she could hear, he glared at her and growled, "Take your earnings and leave. Don't come back."

He handed Yue the bag, then lifted her hand. "YOUR WINNER! THE LADY OF THE LAAAKE!!!"
"Come on, let's go collect before they try to welch on the bets!" Toph laughed, popping to her feet. I followed as we made our way out, sticking close as we avoided the brawling crowd. "Oh man, that was great! We should do stuff like this more often."

"It was fun to watch," I nodded. Yue had done great. The problem was, well… it wasn't exactly sporting. These people were fighters. Little more than professional wrestlers with some bending moves. They were here to put on a show. Yue, on the other hand, was a waterbending prodigy (at least, once she had been allowed to learn anything other than healing) and I was turning that prodigy into a warrior. Even if she lacked the mentality for it, she had the skills and the power. It wasn't fair to drop her in on them like that.

We weren't here to play fair though, we were here to rake in cash. And if I was doing the math right, then they owed us a lot.

"I'm here to collect my winnings," Toph leered, slapping the table of the same bookie she'd placed the bets with.

The woman in question was looking awfully pale—a bit green around the gills, in fact. "I, uh, that is, Ms. Beifong… The um, the amount. It's—"

"I know," Toph grinned. "I can do math. Five point seven million gold coins that the house owes me. The Beifong family can back that amount up easily and would have, if needed, had I lost. But I didn't lose. You did. So. Where's my money? You can pay, right?"

"I.. I need to speak with the owner!" the woman yelped, before turning and running away, only pausing to speak quietly with another woman before she fled.

"I think you scared 'em."

"No shit," Toph chuckled. "It's great!"

"It's kind of awesome," I nodded, before pointing out the obvious. "They don't have the money."

Toph scoffed. "Not a chance. We knew that going in. Just didn't expect the odds to be that good."

We fell silent as another woman approached. "Ms. Beifong, if you would please come with me. We have a room prepared where you may wait. Can I offer you or your bodyguard any refreshments?"

"Sure! We'll take whatever you've got," Toph nodded.

"No alcohol," I clarified as we followed the other woman up a set of stairs, to a room near what felt like the back of the place. "Those fizzy fruit drinks they had at the concessions were good though."

"Of course, sir. We'll bring everything right up," the woman bowed as she left us.

Looking around, I whistled as I took in the waiting room. "Nice place. Very fancy."

Toph shrugged and sat on the overstuffed couch, keeping one foot on the ground as she made herself comfortable. "They're trying too hard. It even smells like money in here. And something else." She wrinkled her nose. "Booze and… something."

Looking around, I spotted a large hookah in the back of the room. "Drugs, probably. They've got a hookah."

"A what?"

"Water pipe."

Toph made a face. "Of course they do."

I dropped down onto the couch beside her and she turned her head slightly to face me. "So, how do we want to play this? I didn't think they'd be stupid enough to take the bet, if they knew how much they stood to lose."

"I told you they were stupid. We stick to the plan. Take 'em for everything they have," the girl grinned, shifting and planting one of her feet in my lap after pushing off the sandal covering it. Thankfully, the foot in question wasn't dirty. According to her, when we got the story out of her, apparently Toph had hated shoes and had gone barefoot for years, until she'd finally stepped in a pile of manure in the street. After that, she began fashioning her own sandals made of stone and leather straps.

Reaching down, I took the foot in my hands. Squeezing her foot, I asked, "Is there something you want here?"

Toph grinned. "You kidding? I've heard the sounds Yue makes when you rub her feet. Either she's faking it or you're that go—oood~! Mmf!"

"I'm that good," I chuckled, digging my thumbs into her foot and squeezing.

Toph closed her eyes and went limp beside me, letting out a quiet, throaty little groan. "Unf~. Maybe you are. That is so not fair."

I shrugged and kept working on her foot. After some time, the woman who brought us up returned with a tray of food and drinks, before quickly leaving. Toph very blatantly turned her head towards the plate, then back towards me, then back to the plate again. Finally, she wiggled her toes. "That smells good, but I don't wanna get up."

"What am I, your manservant?"

The girl stuck out her tongue. "If you're lucky."

Rolling my eyes, I picked up the tray and sat it on her stomach. Picking up a dumpling, I dipped it in the available sauce and leaned in. "Open."

Toph opened her mouth, rolling her tongue on the way out in a way that caught my eye and had to be intentional. Shaking my head, I waited for her to finish with her bite before dipping it again and popping the rest into my mouth. "They're pretty good."

"Mm. Yeah, but most places don't serve dumplings with a complementary foot massage. Gotta say, the service here is excellent," she chuckled.

"Brat."

Eventually, we finished the food and returned the tray to the table, then it was more waiting. Getting bored, I decided to see just how far up I could go with this little massage before Toph said anything—if she would at all. I was nearly up to her knee, with Toph twitching and trying very hard not to react, before she finally jerked her foot away and shifted upright, slipping her sandal back on. "They're coming."

"Damn, and it was just getting interesting," I said, standing and taking my place to her side and just in front of the couch, one hand resting on my sword hilt.

"Tell me about it," Toph sighed. "You think Yue would mind if I borrowed you for the other one later?"

"Probably not, but ask her first."

The girl nodded and we fell silent. A few moments later, I heard footfalls approaching and then, the announcer and owner—Xin Fu—strolled in, with the Boulder just behind him. "Ms. Beifong—" he paused, then frowned. "So, it's true. You are the Blind Bandit."

"The Boulder thinks—"

"You can think?" Toph cut in, earning a growl from the man. "D'ya have my money or not, Xin Fu?"

Xin Fu crossed his arms over his chest. "I think you cheated me, somehow."

"Prove it," Toph shrugged. "Oh wait, you can't, or we wouldn't be having this discussion."

"Nn. I have no proof, yet."

"And you're not gonna find any," Toph smirked.

The Boulder smashed his fist into his palm. "Just say the word and the Boulder will beat it out of her!"

A click of metal on metal caused the room to fall silent. Slowly, two sets of eyes turned to there I'd just thumbed the first inch of my swords loose from their sheath and had moved my other hand into a drawing position. I didn't need to say anything as I met the eyes of both men. Xin Fu took a small step back and the Boulder lowered his hands to his sides.

"I really don't think that'd end well. For you," Toph chuckled. "So, let's just skip the bullshit. You owe me a lot of money. Like, a lot by my standards."

Xin Fu made a quiet, annoyed noise, before nodding. "Yes. It's a ruinous sum. Obviously, I don't have the gold to cover it all right now. It would take years. Decades. Even if you seized my assets and sent me to debtor's prison, you would never see it all. At most, you would see a tenth of the total."

The girl nodded. "Oh, I'm aware. I probably have a better idea of how much you're worth than you do. You'd be surprised what sort of information the Beifong family name can get me. But that's fine! I don't want your money. The only money I'll be walking out of here with today is what I came in with."

"Then," Xin Fu frowned, studying Toph as a confused look spread over his face, "what do you want?"

"I want the Earth Rumble. This place. And you. Him, too," she pointed to the Boulder with a grin. "You're gonna sign this place over to me. I'll own it. I can't be fucked to run the day to day operations or manage fighters, so you'll be doing that. I get ten percent off the top of whatever we make from sales. You take an eight percent cut. Keep the fighters' pay whatever it is now. The rest goes back into the business.

"…But I was taking forty before—"

"And that's why it was failing, dipshit!" Toph shook her head. Sitting forward, she sighed. "Listen, you've got the beginnings of a good thing here, but you don't see the bigger picture." Toph chuckled derisively. "Funny, the blind girl sees it better than you apes."

Xin Fu didn't look happy, but he did look interested. Stepping forward, he made a chair of stone in front of Toph and sat down. "What 'bigger picture' do you see, then?"

Instead of answering, she asked, "Did you hear that crowd tonight? They were louder even than when I came last week, weren't they?"

Slowly, Xin Fu nodded. "They were…"

"And why d'ya think that was?"

"Something new," the man answered, and Toph nodded.

"That's right. So, here's what we're gonna do. We're rebranding. We're gonna dump a bunch of money into advertising and putting up a big pot. Then, we're gonna hold a Professional Bending Tournament. All benders of all styles welcome."

Stroking his beard, Xin Fu hummed. "Even firebenders?"

"Especially firebenders. Because we don't get them around here."

"What about the war?"

Toph shook her head. "We're at war with the Fire Nation, not all firebenders." She shifted her head to look at the Boulder. "Oi, rock-for-brains. You got a problem with that?"

The big man crossed his arms over his chest and hummed. "Gonna need more healers."

"So offer to pay for them," Toph shrugged, before shifting her attention back to Xin Fu. "Well? We got a deal, or are you gonna be stupid and make us take this to the local Earth King?"

The man considered for a moment before nodding. "We have a deal."

"Great," Toph popped up out of her seat. "I'll have my people draw up the paperwork and we can get everything signed over in the next couple of days. Keep a lid on this until we're ready to push the ad campaign."

I set my sword back in place and followed Toph out of the room. The girl was practically dancing on air as we left the mountain. Yue joined us not far away from the exit.

"Well? How did it go?"

Toph grinned, putting her hands behind her head. "Made out like a bandit."
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.
Now with Discord!​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:VialLemon, Voltrasin, Tobie42 and 2,168 others
sinereal
Jul 17, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 21 New
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
Jul 19, 2024
Add bookmark
#2,845
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
21
"Toph… what is this?"

"And who are… your guests?"

Her parents sounded confused—not that she blamed them, when she had walked into the living room just as they were taking lunch, bringing Yue and Zuko with her, along with scrolls, books full of notes, and even loose papers from the printer that her friends assured her had what they wanted on it. They had been very busy for the last several days and it showed in the small mountain of legal paperwork.

Friends, the thought crossed her mind briefly, and she smiled. The first friends she'd ever had. Su was nice, but as much as she liked the maid, she was a servant and had maintained a professional distance that it took having real friends to see the difference.

"These are Zuko and Yue. I've hired them to be my new bodyguards," Toph explained. It even had the benefit of being true. Officially they were both on Toph's personal payroll, not the Beifong payroll. At least, for now.

Until they leave, she was again reminded of the pair's stated goals for their trip around the world. Which just reminded her that lately, she had caught herself daydreaming of just… walking up, throwing her bags into their boat, and telling them she was coming with.

Shaking off the intrusive thought, she gestured to Zuko, who moved forward and placed the collected bundle of papers on the table, after clearing a spot for them. As he began unrolling scrolls and turning to specific pages, Toph continued. "And this is all of the paperwork for my new business."

"Your what?" her father asked, reaching out and picking up one of the fliers. "'Professional Bending Arena?' What?"

"Yeah, so you remember the Earth Rumble?" she asked, and her parents both nodded. From their heart rates picking up, she could tell they didn't exactly remember it fondly, given they now knew she had been competing in it for years. "I own it now. The stadium. The business. The whole gimmick. All thanks to some… creative investments with a little seed money. Over the last few days, we've finalized the paperwork to turn it all over to me. I'll be leaving the day to day operations to the current manager and I've got one of our family accountants to make sure no one's doing anything funny with the money. We've invested in an advertising campaign and are looking to recruit new talent for a rebrand. Gaoling is going to be home to the world's first bending tournament. Benders of all disciplines welcome. We're going to try to make it a weekly thing, let it go on for a year, then have a bigger tournament with a big prize to draw in people from all over—then just make that a yearly thing."

Turning her head towards Zuko, she said, "Show them the projected earnings report."

Zuko handed over a scroll and her father and mother leaned in to look at it. Toph grinned. "As you can see, by itself it'll make as much as one of our average trade deals. So, what do you think?"

Her parents were silent for a time, before her mother spoke up. "Well, this is, it's all so sudden."

"I find myself torn," her father sighed. "On the one hand, this deal is amazing. Brilliant, even. I want to be proud of you for it."

Toph frowned, crossing her arms over her chest. "I hear a 'but' coming."

"But," he nodded. "We didn't want this for you. You shouldn't… You were never expected to take over the Beifong business, Toph."

"Honey," her mother's tone was hesitant. "Why do you think we were trying to hard to find a good match to marry you off to? We weren't trying to tie you down, get rid of you, or keep you locked away for your own good, even though… even though we very much wanted to, when we learned what you've been doing."

"Then why…?"

"We were looking for someone to take on those duties," her father answered. "Someone to take over the running of the company, until our grandchildren came of age."

Toph blinked, her mouth falling open—along with a pit in her stomach. "Wait. You mean you weren't even considering having me run it? I'm not just some dumb muscle brain who can only punch things and bend good! I can take care of myself!" Gesturing at the table, she added, "You've seen what I can do!"

"Well, no, honey. We see that now. It's just… You're…"

"Blind," her father sighed. "It would be inevitable that you would miss things. That someone would try to hide things from you. This is not something you can overcome by relying on friends and hired help alone. Money changes people, and enough money can tempt even a monk into a thief. The best thing would be to have your husband run the company while your mother and I take on an advisory role and have our people keep us appraised of things, to make sure nothing untoward happens under his stewardship, until we can pass it along to your children."

For just a moment, the ground rumbled beneath them, making the plates and cups on the table clink. It stopped and Toph took a deep breath in through her nose. "I understand."

Standing, she dusted her robe off and turned away, stone sandals clacking on the floor as she walked—not stomped—out. Yue followed immediately, while Zuko stayed behind for a moment. She was out the front door when he spoke. At the same time, Yue asked, "Are you okay?"

"Shh." Toph held up a hand, making the other girl fall silent as she realized Toph was listening.

"She can do more than you think she can."

Her father sighed, nodding minutely. "I believe Toph can do anything she sets her mind to. Our little girl is… stubborn like that. But willfulness will never make up for a lack of sight."

"Hm. She might just surprise you."

"And who are you to speak to us in this manner?" Her mother demanded. "You speak out of turn. Beyond your station."

Toph scoffed quietly. If you only knew…

Zuko chuckled, shaking his head and turning to follow Toph and Yue. "Yeah, what do I know? I'm just a bodyguard."

A moment later, he was out of the house. "So, now what, boss?"

Toph could hear the amused smirk in his tone. Something about it gave her conflicted feelings. On the one hand, it made her want to strangle him. On the other, that strangling might be done with her on top of him… and they might or might not be naked when she did it. Assuming Yue didn't kick her ass for the attempt.

"I want to go punch something."

"Sounds good," Zuko nodded. "Yue, you in?"

The other woman hummed for a moment as she considered them. Her head turned towards Zuko and they had one of those silent conversations with faces that Toph didn't really get. After a moment, a defeated sigh escaped his lips and Yue giggled happily. She turned back to Toph, bouncing up and grabbing her by the arm. It wasn't the type of grabbing of her hand and leading her places that Toph hated. The gesture was… friendly. Intimate even, as Yue pressed herself into Toph's side and they started walking towards the exit to the property, Zuko moving up to Toph's other side, but not taking her other arm.

"I'll come with. There are some things we should talk about. After, though," Yue nodded.

"You realize we're turning this into a three way. You're not getting out of sparring practice," Zuko chuckled, turning to look at Yue over Toph's head. Yue turned and made the sound Toph associated with sticking out her tongue. "Careful princess, it'll get stuck like that."

"That wouldn't be so bad, would it? I can think of some uses for someone with their tongue permanently stuck out," Toph leered. Turning, she tilted her head up specifically so Zuko could see her face. "You still owe me the rest of that foot massage."

"Oh?" Yue asked, interest in her tone. "If you're giving them out, I want one too."

"After sparring," Zuko shook his head.

"Ooh~ we could do it in the bath," Yue suggested. "What do you say, Toph? All three of us. Hot water. We can take turns rubbing each other… really work out those sore muscles."

Toph tried and failed to fight down her blush as Yue somehow spoke one of her favorite nighttime fantasies she used to entertain herself aloud. "Uh, sure. Sounds, sounds good." Yue giggled and she tilted her head down, hiding her face. "Shut up."

"Don't tease her too much, Yue. She might finally come to her senses and run away," Zuko chuckled.

"Psh. Not happening."
"Ugh. My everything hurts," Toph groaned quietly as she slumped on the ground.

Nearby, Yue giggled as she began gathering water to fill the new tub Toph had made. They weren't in their usual practice ground this afternoon. Instead, they had gone out further—much further. And now that their sparring practice was over, Zuko had gone out for a bit to hunt them something to eat.

Still, it kind of bothered Toph. She couldn't stop thinking about it. They had stopped at the hotel where Zuko and Yue were staying and the couple had gathered their things, including the chest of gold they had contributed to Toph's wager. It could be that they were just taking those things back to their boat. There was another option, however…

On the walk over, that had been the most pressing thing on Toph's mind. Not that her family still saw her as an invalid and couldn't see past her blindness. Not that they were planning to keep her from her rightful inheritance, to keep other people from taking advantage of her blindness and harming the company. But the fact that her friends had packed up and looked to be preparing to leave, even if they hadn't actually said it or discussed it where Toph could hear.

That Yue had convinced Toph to leave with her while Zuko stayed behind for a while, only to come running to catch up to them… she kind of suspected he had used that time to heal that girl's leg and they were now running to put distance between themselves and Gaoling. It was with a sinking feeling that she realized the truth. I don't want them to leave. I don't want this to be over. It's been… fun. The most fun I've ever had.

And then Yue went and said something that froze Toph's thoughts in their tracks. "It's cute, how you wanted to show off to Zuko."

"What?!" Blind eyes flew wide open as she sat up, followed by a furious blush rushing across her cheeks. "You're delusional! Like I'd ever do that! Especially for someone like Zuko!"

"Someone like Zuko, huh?" Yue teased.

"He's a jerk!"

"Sometimes!" Yue giggled, nodding. "But he grows on you." She hummed, her tone turning teasing again. "Are you sure though? What about that time Zuko told me about, where you threw around your family name in front of some poor bookie to kickstart our journey?"

"I— That— I wasn't doing it for him or anything!" Toph denied, hands clenching in her lap as Yue laughed. Then, she blinked as what Yue had said registered. "Wait. What do you mean?"

"Hm? I thought you knew?"

"Know what?!"

The other girl sighed, shaking her head. Leaving the tub, she moved over and sat down in front of Toph. Reaching out, she took Toph's hands in her own, and Toph again marveled at just how soft and warm Yue's hands were. "Of course he didn't tell you. He was probably just going to do something dumb, like waiting for you to get on and then take off, and claim we kidnapped you," Yue grumbled. "He'd think it was funny."

"…Okay, that would be kinda funny, yeah," Toph chuckled.

"Well! I guess this gives us an opportunity to have that conversation I wanted to have," Yue let out something halfway between a laugh and a sigh. "I know you don't like beating around the bush, so I'll just ask. We're leaving. Zuko has been getting antsy."

"I heard him say you had stayed too long," Toph murmured.

Yue blew out a frustrated breath. "He calls it the 'Kino Rule,' after a story about a girl who became a traveler, and nearly died because of a volcano. He doesn't want to stay in one place longer than a month, at most." Shaking her head, Yue squeezed Toph's hands. "Come with us."

"You, you really want me to go with you?" Toph asked, and for just a moment, her defenses were completely down. She felt more vulnerable than if she had been naked.

"Mhmm! We want you to come with us. Will you?"

Toph turned her head away as her eyes watered, a smile so wide it hurt on her lips. "Well, I guess I could."

"Thank you, Toph," Yue said, then pulled the shorter girl into her lap, wrapping Toph in a tight hug. "This is going to be so much fun!"

"Yeah, yeah, don't make me regret it," Toph protested, struggling to get out of Yue's grasp, but not actually fighting too hard to get away. Being hugged was nice, and Yue was soft. Especially in the chest and thigh areas. Eventually, she settled down to just enjoy the sensation. Tilting her head back until it rested on Yue's shoulder, she asked, "So, you gonna tell me the big secret now?"

Yue giggled. "Hm? Which one?"

"About who you two really are," Toph specified. She figured there were others, but that was the one that had gotten her curious from the very first day.

"I guess I can," the other girl teased, and Toph made an annoyed sound at having her words turned back on her. "It's not going to change how you treat us, is it?"

"What? No," Toph shook her head.

Yue hummed, then nodded. "Very well, then. I am Princess Yue of the Northern Water Tribe, daughter to Arnook, chieftain of the Northern Water Tribe."

Toph blinked. "Huh," she murmured. "You know, I can't say I'm actually all that surprised. Walks like a turtle-duck, talks like a turtle-duck, probably a turtle-duck."

Giggling, Yue squeezed Toph a bit harder, before reaching down and grabbing Toph's thigh with her hand in a bill shape. "Quack."

"So, when I joked about Zuko kidnapping a princess…"

"You were closer to the truth than you knew," Yue confirmed.

"So whats Zuko? I figured he was some kind of Fire Nation noble, but he doesn't really act like one most of the time. It's… weird. He doesn't act like one, or talk to people like one, but sometimes there's this… I don't know. Expectation? It's hard to explain. Like with my parents."

"Heh. I know what you mean," the princess holding her confirmed. "You wouldn't think he acts like a prince, but I think he does a better job of it than I do as a princess. I still have trouble accepting that I'm the one who sets my own standards. He just does whatever he wants—"

"Wait. Hold on. Prince? Zuko?!" Toph turned where she was seated in Yue's lap, so the other woman could see her face. "Bullshit."

Yue covered her mouth and fought down a snort. "I'll be sure to tell him you said that. It'll make him happy."

"No, no, no," Toph shook her head. "There is no way that guy is, is prince of the Fire Nation! Just, no way."

"It's true," Yue countered, amusement in her voice. "He doesn't like to flaunt it. I think a big part of this journey is that he knows that when it's over, he isn't going to have much time for travel, or anything else really once he takes over his official duties."

Frowning, Toph considered what she knew for a moment before asking, "So, when he said his dad tried to kill him…"

"He told you that?" Yue asked, and Toph nodded. "He meant the Fire Lord, yes."

"And you're gonna marry him—mf?" Toph fell silent as Yue pressed a finger against her lips.

"That's another conversation for another day," Yue said, and the tone told Toph that that wasn't a request and it wasn't Yue saying it as a woman, but as the princess. "It's a complicated issue and I'd like to ask for your help with it, eventually. Not today. Zuko has done everything he could from the very beginning to avoid turning this into a political marriage and I'd like to do what I can to help with that, but there are a few elements we can't avoid. But we can put them off for now. Okay?"

"'kay," Toph agreed, and Yue removed her finger. Toph's tongue flicked out to lick her lips reflexively, warm and a bit tingly from where Yue's finger had been. "So, I guess that's why he doesn't want to stick around too long in one place, or show that he's a firebender. Well, other than the whole thing with stupid people thinking all firebenders are evil."

"Partly. The other part is his healing. He's worried it'll attract the wrong sort of attention."

Toph frowned, tilting her head in confusion. "I don't get it. So he can regrow limbs. That's pretty cool, but not exactly world-shattering."

"Heh," Yue let out a quiet laugh, before pulling Toph closer and sighing into her hair. "It's our fault. The Northern Water Tribe. Zuko came to the north just after he learned how to use green fire to heal. He wasn't sure it was safe, so he wanted to check with a healer, and we have the best. My master, Yagoda, confirmed that it was safe, but this led to more testing and…" Yue sighed again, shaking her head. "He says I am naive and too kind, but he's the one who repaid my master by restoring her youth. We sat together and I watched as she went from a frail woman of over eighty years to a strong, healthy, fit, beautiful young woman my own age over the course of a day."

"Holy shit," Toph whispered. "That uh, yeah. That's big. All the old fuckers would definitely want that. Like, lock him in a room, throw away the key, and only bring him out to keep them healthy."

"Which is almost what happened. Were anyone other than my father the chieftain, it would have happened. Well, that, and Zuko making the argument that he could out-stubborn them and just outlive all of them and their descendants, and escape in a century when they forgot why he was locked up in the first place. That led to our initial betrothal and things progressed from there."

Nodding, Toph's mind spun. So, he's a way stronger healer than I thought. He can regrow limbs, de-age people. What else can he do? Can he…? Then why wouldn't he offer, if he could?

"What's wrong?" Yue asked, pulling Toph from her thoughts.

"Nothing."

"It's not 'nothing.' You're tense and you're frowning. Tell me."

Toph shook her head. "I'll ask Zuko when he gets back. Anything else I need to know?"

"Hmm…" Yue hummed, but left it alone. Instead, she shook her head. "Not immediately, no." Then, she paused and giggled. "Well, there is one thing. The boat only has one large bed and doesn't really have room for more. The floor also isn't really made for putting in a sleeping bag. So… I hope you don't mind sharing!"

Toph snorted out a quiet laugh. "As long as I'm getting away from this place, I'll manage. I don't think I have anything to worry about." Then, turning her head so Yue could see her face again, she grinned. "Just try to keep the hanky-panky to when I'm out of the boat. If you start fooling around right beside me, don't be surprised if I decide to join in."

Yue's heart thumped at that, her pulse picking up to Toph's senses as the other woman grew warm against her. Yue moved closer, her lips brushing Toph's ear and drawing a shiver from the shorter girl. "I don't have a problem with that~."

Nope! Dangerous! Can't tease Yue or she'll take it as an invitation! Toph realized, feeling her own body growing warm. But would that be so bad?

Before she could decide one way or another, she felt Zuko's footsteps approaching through the earth below her feet. He felt heavier and a brief pulse told her he was carrying some kind of animal over his back. He joined them a few moments later and dropped the carcass in question on the ground near their fire. "Found a pack of wild pigs, so I've got supper. Yue?"

"Right!" the waterbender let go of Toph and stood, moving over and drawing water from the stream.

"Hey Toph, think you can make a smoking rack?"

Frowning, Toph decided to hold off on her question for the moment. She was hungry and food sounded good. Besides, if she was going to be joining them, then she wanted to prove she could pull more than her own weight. "Sure. Describe it for me?"

Zuko moved over and crouched in front of her, picking up a stick to draw in the dirt. "Can you feel this?"

"Yeah," Toph nodded.

With that, he began drawing. "Tall rectangle with a square base. It'll be walled on three sides initially. Space in the bottom for wood. Racks starting three feet up, every one foot, with gaps between them like this…"

Toph watched as he drew out what he wanted. After a few moments, she gestured towards the ground and began pulling up rock, making a small version first. "Like this?"

"That's good. Oh, almost forgot. Put a hole in the top about the size of your fist, and when you close up the front, put a rectangular hole on the bottom, for airflow and so we can feed it," Zuko instructed.

Toph pushed herself to her feet and moved over to where Zuko indicated the smoker should go. A bit of bending later had it set up, and then Yue carried over the meat and began filling the smoker while Zuko left to gather more wood. He came back a few minutes later and they finished setting up the boar, with Zuko digging in his bag and adding some spices and what smelled like fruit before he lit the fire and Toph closed it up.

Yue and Zuko washed their hands in the stream, then the three of them sat around the camp fire, where Toph could sense a spit set up and a chunk of something—probably meat—above the fire. She could smell the seasoning and a hint of citrus juice. He and Yue shared one of those silent conversations for a moment before Zuko turned towards her. "So, Yue tell you we're leaving—"

"Can you heal my eyes?" Toph blurted, and the campsite fell silent, save for the sound of the coals crackling and their breathing.

After a moment, Zuko shrugged. "Maybe? I'm not sure. I haven't done eyes before."

Toph's entire body clenched for a moment. She felt butterflies in her stomach. Her heart was racing in her chest. The muscles in her lower back were especially tight and left her trembling minutely. It felt hard to breathe, but she forced herself to take slow, deep breaths. "Why haven't you offered, if you thought you might be able to?"

"A few reasons." His voice was steady, as was his heartbeat. Somehow, he was calm about this—as though he'd been expecting it. "Do you want to hear them or do you want to be angry?"

"I can do both," Toph hissed, picking up a clod of dirt and flinging it in his general direction.

To her surprise, he didn't move and let it smack him in the chest. "Okay. I'll give you three. Firstly, if I'd offered when we first met, you'd have thought I was some kind of scam artist or snake oil salesman. You wouldn't have trusted me and I don't blame you for it. As far as you knew, it just wasn't possible."

Toph turned her head away, then nodded jerkily. He was right, the jerk. She would have laughed in his face and fucked off, if he made the offer before she got to know the both of them. She motioned for him to continue.

"Secondly, I didn't want to get your hopes up, then maybe fail. We searched the city for someone else to test it on."

The earthbender frowned. "Wait, I heard you arguing. You didn't want to even use your healing at all, until you were ready to run away."

"Yeah," Zuko nodded. "And if I had found someone with your condition or something similar, I'd have done it anyway and damn the risk."

Letting out a quiet sigh, Toph picked up another clump of earth and flung it at Zuko's head. This time, he actually dodged. "Fine. I get it. But I've had my hopes crushed enough that it wouldn't have bothered me that much."

"You say that, but I think we both know that's not how you really feel." At his quiet words, she let out a sigh. She didn't answer one way or another, which was an answer in and of itself. "As for the third reason… I didn't want you to feel like you were being manipulated. Like being healed was contingent upon being our friend, or that we were trying to use you, or anything along those lines. And you can't say the thought wouldn't have crossed your mind."

Picking up another dirt clod, she flung it at his chest and felt her lips quirk up a bit at the nice thump it made when it landed. "Yeah. You're right. You're still a jerk though."

"I know," Zuko nodded. "So, do you want to try?"

Toph blinked. "Do I want to try to be able to see? With my eyeballs? The thing all the normal people can do? Oh, I don't know, let me think about it—yes I want you to try! What are you, brain dead?!" Turning her head towards Yue, she asked, "What do you see in this idiot? Is the sex that good?!"

Yue squeaked and Toph could practically hear the blush. "We uh, we haven't…"

Turning back towards Zuko, she rolled her eyes. "So you are brain dead."

"Shut up," Zuko laughed, and to her surprise, he flung one of the clods she'd hit him with back, smacking her in the arm. Standing up, he brushed himself off and moved over to sit in front of Toph. Yue followed, sitting down beside him. Zuko raised his hands towards Toph's face—

"Wait!" Toph called, and Zuko paused. Rubbing her hands off on her robe to clean the dirt off, she lifted them towards his face. "Can I?"

"Sure."

Closing the remaining distance, Toph cupped the man's face. His skin was smooth and warm beneath her fingers, bare of hair aside from the trace of stubble where he had shaved. She traced along his jaw, nose, lips, eyes, forehead, ears—making a mental image of what his face 'looked' like, eventually moving on to his hair, before pulling away.

Turning her head towards Yue, she didn't even have to ask before the other woman took her hands and brought them up to her own face. Yue's skin was much smoother and warmer than Zuko, and she giggled under Toph's touch as the earthbender explored.

Eventually, Toph pulled her hands back. "Okay. I'm ready."

"Close your eyes," Zuko instructed, and Toph did so. He brought his hands up and she felt him touch her, his fingers resting on her temples and over her closed eyes. Then, she felt warmth on her face—like a warm breeze.

Slowly, she felt her eyes begin to tingle. Then itch. Toph forced herself to sit still, to not squirm or flinch away as the sensation grew, then eventually faded… and everything changed. Something hurt her eyes and she flinched away, her head turning to the side. It felt strange. First, there was nothing. Then, there was something that felt like heat, and a feeling like a cramp in her eyes. When she pulled away, the whatever it was went away and everything changed again. It wasn't the nothing she was used to, but it was… cool? Soothing? It didn't hurt.

"What was that?" Toph asked, reaching up and rubbing at her eyes. The sensation felt strangely amazing, and jolts of something appeared before her eyes, sort of moving with the motion of her fingers.

"Come here, let me check," Yue instructed, and this time she felt Yue's warm fingers on her closed eyes and temples, then cool water. "Hm."

"Well?" Toph demanded.

"It feels normal."

Toph let out a frustrated sound. "Normal for me, or normal for you?!"

Yue giggled. "Normal for me. They feel whole and healthy. Unscarred."

"So… can I open them?" Toph asked, and felt Yue nod and pull away.

"Go ahead," the princess instructed, excitement in her tone.

"Slowly," Zuko urged. "It's dark out, so I'm hoping that'll help you adjust. But as far as you're concerned, you might as well be a—" Toph's eyes flew open wide, taking in everything at once. "—newborn."

Toph tuned out as Zuko sighed, trying to look at everything at once. She had no frame of reference for most of the things she was seeing, while the rest she kind of just associated with things her senses told her. Ground, grass, trees, leaves, fire, rock, people—these things she could identify, but it was… overwhelming. Way too much.

Her eyes watered and hurt, and she had to shut them again. After a few moments, the pain faded and she opened them again. This time, she looked directly ahead, focusing on the two people in front of her. Taking in their bodies, clothes, faces, hair. She had nothing, no one to compare them to, but it didn't matter.

They're… beautiful. The best thing I've ever seen.

"Are you… crying?" Zuko asked, a hint of teasing in his tone. His… lips? Were those lips? Toph reached out and touched his face, putting everything together with what she had felt before. They were lips and he was smiling.

"No! I'm not crying. You're crying," Toph glared.

"You shouldn't tease her," Yue giggled and Toph turned to see the other woman reach up and brush a strand of hair behind her ear. "You have such pretty green eyes."

"I," Toph's throat felt thick and she swallowed. "I have no idea what that is."

The pair shared one of those looks and this time, Toph watched, studying their faces. Yue smiled, her eyes flicking to Toph and back to Zuko as she raised an… eyebrow? Yes, an eyebrow. Zuko's eyes shifted up—rolled! He smiled, but it wasn't the same kind she had seen from him before, or like the one Yue wore. He shook his head, then turned back to Toph. Reaching up, he took her hands and pulled them away from his face.

"Well, sounds like we've got a lot to teach you, then. You ready to start?"

Toph grinned. "I've never been more ready for anything in my entire life."
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.
Now with Discord!​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:VialLemon, Voltrasin, Tobie42 and 2,239 others
sinereal
Jul 19, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 22
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
Jul 22, 2024
Add bookmark
#2,974
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
22
The world was dark and Toph once more relied upon her bending senses to see the world around her. She went to sleep under the moon and stars last night—things she had heard described, but had no idea what to expect until she looked up and saw them up there, glittering in the vast expanse that was the sky. Like the fire, the moon was bright, but its light was a different color. Cooler, she felt. It only made her squint a little when she looked up into it, whereas she could barely look at the fire directly for a few moments before she had to turn away.

When morning came, pain came with it. Yue and Zuko called it bright, and the black she saw when she closed and covered her eyes with a piece of cloth Yue had made into a blindfold as dark. Even with the pain, she was still happy. They told her she would adjust eventually—that she would get used to it and it'd just take time. Toph wanted to see everything now, but she wasn't dumb enough to hurt herself more than necessary trying.

"Alright, break time," Zuko called, pulling off his pack and dropping it to the ground before taking a seat. "Toph, come here. We're gonna try this again."

"Sure," she agreed, moving over and sitting down beside him. Yue sat down beside Zuko, leaning against his other side. Toph squeezed her eyes tightly shut and Zuko took off the blindfold. Everything went from dark to red—the color of seeing light coming through her eyelids and the blood in them. It didn't hurt, though—possibly because they were sitting under a tree, in the shade as it blocked much of the sun's light.

"This is so weird," Toph sighed.

Yue giggled. "Just give it time."

"Open them slowly," Zuko instructed from beside her, and Toph slowly cracked her eyes open. It was bright and it stung her eyes, but it didn't actually hurt. So, she kept going until they were fully open. "How's it feel?"

"I keep blinking," Toph muttered, trying to keep from blinking and flinching so much.

"That's normal," Yue nodded.

Humming, Zuko considered the blue? Toph thought it was blue. Either blue or green. He looked at the blindfold he was holding.

"What color is that again?"

"Blue!" Yue answered with a smile. "Like my eyes."

Right. Her eyes are blue. Zuko's are gold. Mine are green, like most of my robe and Yue's, except for the gold parts.

Zuko tossed the blindfold to Yue. "I think the blindfold is too thick. She needs something to let in more light, to force her to adjust faster. It's probably going to suck, but better a headache from a bit of eye strain than taking months to adjust."

Yue hummed, considering it for a moment, before nodding. "I have something that will work on the boat. Some lace that I kept when we raided the pirates. I can layer it a few times and it should be good for a while. Just remove a layer every day or so until we remove the blindfold entirely."

"Sounds good," Zuko agreed. "Toph, you ready to start?"

"Mm," Toph nodded. Looking around, she pointed. "What's that? Feels like a bug?"

A tentacle of water flicked out and caught it, before bringing it close. "It's a… Actually, I'm not sure," Yue admitted.

"Right, you wouldn't have had many bugs up north. It's a ladybug. What color is the shell?"

Toph studied it for a few moments. "Black and… gold? Like, really light gold."

"Yellow," Yue corrected. "Gold is actually a shade of yellow."

"'Shade' like," Toph gestured around them.

"No, that kind of shade is a shadow," the princess smiled. "It's part of a range of colors. Colors aren't like… numbers. They aren't precise. It's more like…"

"Temperature," Zuko supplied. "That's how they measure the shade of colors. They call it by temperature, because of the wavelength of the light…" He trailed off, then shook his head. "Never mind. So, you know the primary colors?"

"Um," Toph winced, closing her eyes as she thought back. "I mean, they never really applied, so I didn't bother memorizing them."

"That's fine!" Yue giggled. "You can learn now. There are seven—"

"Ten," Zuko countered, his tone sounding amused.

Yue sent him a look and Toph tried to figure out how to call it. Her eyes narrowed, lips thinned, eyebrows drew down a bit. After a moment, Toph had to decide it was probably annoyed. Looking at him like she knew he was messing with her. When Zuko continued, Yue's face relaxed and she rolled her eyes.

"There are ten you should know. Red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, violet, black, white, and clear. Yue, do you have something with more…?"

Yue opened her backpack and began pulling out clothes. One by one, they went over them and Toph began learning what to call things.

Eventually, they ate lunch and, when her eyes started to ache, the blindfold went back on and they started walking again. Eventually, it started to cool off and Toph sensed that the sun was setting. Zuko called another halt to set up camp and he and Yue quickly busied themselves. Hesitating for a moment, since there was nothing obvious for her to do, Toph eventually decided to ask.

"Hey, uh. What should I do?"

"Hmm," Yue hummed, looking up. "Feels like it's going to rain?"

"Yeah, think so," Zuko nodded. "Can you help me set up the tent?"

"Sure. How do we want to do this?" Toph asked, a grin on her face as she felt useful.

Before long, they had a bit of a raised platform of level stone to keep them off the ground, with the pitons for the tent sank into the corners. Because they were worried it might get windy, Toph closed it off over the top and back with angled stone and, once they turned in for the night, she would close up the front as well. She noticed there was only one tent and she hadn't exactly prepared for this, so she didn't have a bedroll of her own, nor was Zuko making any preparations for her to sleep separately.

Well… Guess we're going to be getting close tonight, then, she mused, fighting off a smirk as a bundle of nervous energy settled in her stomach—along with a tingle of arousal. She had so much new material to go with the little fantasies she'd been entertaining herself with at night, now that she could actually see what her friends looked like…

"Clothes are finished," Yue announced as she began packing them away in her and Zuko's bags. "Toph, do you want me to wash yours, after we take a bath?"

Lifting her arm, Toph sniffed herself and winced. "Would you?"

Yue giggled. "Sure."

Sighing, Toph reached up and began undoing her blindfold. "Maybe we should head back to Gaoling and pick up some things?" Getting the piece of cloth off, she slowly opened her eyes. The light was fading fast and not nearly as harsh as it had been during the day. Everything was lit by a kind of reddish orange glow. "I'd kind of like to show off being able to see."

"Nn," Zuko winced. "You uh, you think you can put a pin in that for a while? Let things settle down a bit? Give people some time for forget about me and Yue?"

Considering it, Toph shrugged. "Sure, I'm not in a hurry. They can wait. Let 'em sweat a bit, wondering where I went."

Looking up through the trees, Toph's mouth fell open as she took in the sky—full of bright pink, red, orange, and other colors. And there were clouds—big, dark clouds rolling in. How can anything be so huge?

Yue paused in setting up some food over the fire to look over at Toph. Standing, she moved over and rested her hands on Toph's shoulders. "It's a beautiful sunset," she murmured, pressing herself into Toph's back and resting her chin on top of Toph's head. "Zuko and I liked to go up to the top of the wall surrounding Agna Qel'a and watch them together."

"Those were nice," Zuko chuckled. "Froze my ass off, but it was worth it."

They enjoyed the sunset a while longer before they all sat down to eat, with Toph providing plates, cups, and forks, while Yue provided water and Zuko heated tea for them. Patting her full belly, Toph turned her plate and cup back into dirt, kicked off her sandals, and dropped her feet into Zuko's lap as he finished up his tea. A belch worked its way up and she grinned as Yue made a disgusted face.

"Nice one," Zuko chuckled.

"Not at all ladylike," Yue sighed.

Toph stuck out her tongue. "Just because I can act like a lady doesn't mean I want to. I'm not trying to impress you guys."

"Well, you already have," the princess sent her a smile. "So I suppose it's fine, if you want to let your hair down and just be yourself."

"Glad I have your permission, princess," Toph rolled her eyes, earning a pout from Yue. Not getting the reaction she wanted, she wiggled her feet in Zuko's lap, completely by coincidence rubbing the top of her foot against his crotch. "How about you finish that foot rub you started the other day?" Smirking, she added, "Not many people can say they got the royal treatment."

"Is this gonna be a thing?" Zuko asked, his tone exasperated, and Toph memorized the look he sent her way for future reference.

"Mm… for a little while. Or any time I want to poke you," she smirked, shifting her foot and thumping his crotch again, only to blush as she felt something hard in his pants. Oh crap, that's… That's big. Su told me what they look like, even drew one out in the dirt for me so I could 'see' it, but feeling it for myself is way different! Maybe I should stop?

She wondered over stopping while she was ahead for exactly two seconds, before grinning. Nah! Let's see where it goes! Hopefully all the way! Yue keeps flirting and hinting. I don't think she minds. Actually, she looked over towards Yue, whose blue eyes had locked on Toph's feet on Zuko's lap, and where her foot rested on his cock. The water tribe girl sported a light blush as she licked her lips. Yeah, I guess she's weird like that. She's into it.

"We uh, we should take a bath! Before the storm gets here!" Yue suddenly jumped up, turning and rushing towards the small stream they'd camped beside. "Toph, are you coming?!"

"Not yet," Toph murmured, meeting Zuko's eyes and wagging her eyebrows, before pulling her feet off his lap and going to make a tub for them.

Behind her, she heard Zuko quietly mutter, "Give me patience. Don't give me strength, or I'm going to ​correct this brat​.​"

Pfft. I'd like to see that. That sounds like fun.

A few moments later, Toph had a tub made, Yue had filled it, and Zuko heated the water until it steamed. Without a care in the world for her friends seeing her, Toph pulled her robes over her head and tossed them aside, before grabbing the sides of the tub and jumping in with a splash. She popped up to the surface a moment later, her long hair sticking to her body. Grabbing the long, black mess it had become out of its bun, she pulled it back until it hung down behind her. Turning her gaze on Yue and Zuko, she grinned. "Well? What're you waiting for?"

Yue sighed, shaking her head and gathering up Toph's clothes, before tossing them into the tub as well, before pulling hers off and neatly laying them over a nearby tree limb. The water tribe girl climbed in a moment later and settled in beside Toph. Toph was certain Yue's hungry look mirrored the one on her own face as they turned their gazes towards Zuko. The prince considered for a moment before shaking his head.

"I'll wait until you two are done. It won't take me long—"

"So, now that I can actually see you, you're too scared to get in?" Toph taunted, smirking.

"You should join us, Zuko. There's no point in fighting it~," Yue giggled, shifting closer to Toph and pressing herself against the smaller girl's side.

Reaching up, the firebender pinched the bridge of his nose. "Alright. Fine." He looked up and met Yue's gaze. "You win."

"Good!" Yue grinned, and Toph got the feeling that they'd just had an entirely different conversation. What that was however was pushed to the back of her mind as she watched Zuko move over to the tree with Yue's clothes and strip. Her eyes took in all the little details that she'd never been privy to before. All of the things her bending didn't allow her to see as more than fleshy sacks of water over bones.

Now, she could see the lines and curves of well-defined muscles. The way those muscles moved on his arms, legs, back, chest, ass. And then the thing she had been hoping to see as Zuko turned and walked to the tub, the thing her foot had found swinging between his legs.

Not that Toph was only studying Zuko—he was just her focus for the moment. Yue was plenty nice to look at as well. The contrast between the two was nice, between Yue's soft curves and Zuko's hard lines, even down to his light skin versus Yue's darker shade of light brown—Toph wasn't sure whether it was tan or just something to do with the water tribe, and didn't particularly care. They were both darker than her, whose own skin was so pale that it looked like snow even under the light of the fire.

Yue giggled and squeezed Toph's hip as Zuko climbed in and settled down across from them. A moment later, the water started moving and Toph sighed as she relaxed, leaning into Yue's side. The other girl reached up and began combing her hands through Toph's hair, scrubbing in soap and washing it out with tentacles of water.

"You should let your hair down more often. You look good with it down," Yue said, and Toph could hear the smile in the girl's voice.

Toph blinked. "I keep it up to get it out of the way," she murmured. Shifting slightly, she glanced between Zuko, who had his eyes closed and was resting his head against the lip of the tub, and Yue behind her. "…I do?"

"Mm! You do!" Yue nodded.

"It'd be good for a change of pace," Zuko threw in, not bothering to look up as he yawned. "You know, something to do if you're not expecting a fight, or if you want to dress up nice for something."

"I don't even know what it looks like," Toph admitted, before chuckling. "I don't know what I look like."

This time, Zuko did raise his head, meeting Yue's gaze in another of those silent conversations. Toph's eyes narrowed. "That better not be pity I see!"

"It's not!" Yue assured her. "Here, I'll just…"

Toph raised an eyebrow as Yue pulled some of the water over and made something out of ice, as she shifted behind Toph and pressed herself against the smaller girl's back. Toph blinked as she saw something on the surface of the ice, until Yue turned it and it showed her… Yue, and a pale, green eyed girl with wet hair plastered to her hair staring back at her in shock.

"Huh?" Toph asked, watching as the girl in the ice sculpture's lips moved, then eyes blinked as Toph blinked, mimicking her movements. "That's me?"

"It's a mirror," Yue nodded behind her, smiling as she pressed her face up against Toph's, smooshing their cheeks together. "You're beautiful. We just need to fix your hair when we get out," Yue stuck out her tongue and grinned.

"Alright. Give me those feet," Zuko said, moving over so he could start working on Toph's feet.

Toph opened her mouth to say something, only for a flash of light in the distance to draw her eye up. Somewhere in the sky, something bright blue and jagged arched down towards the ground. "What was…?"

"Nope. Never mind." Zuko immediately got out of the tub, green fire flickering over his body for a moment and sending steam rolling off of him as he went to collect his clothes. "Time to get out."

"Huh?" Toph asked as Yue began moving behind her, urging Toph to get up and climbing out herself. "But my feet!"

"That was lightning," Yue explained, as she bent the water off of her body and out of her hair. "Come on, we need to get out. It's not safe anymore."

"That was lightning? I didn't hear any thunder?" Toph asked, quickly climbing out behind Yue. For just a moment, she felt her heart thump as Zuko's head turned slightly, his eyes running over her body with the same sort of attention she had given him when he'd taken his clothes off. It made her feel… proud. And excited. Happy that he was paying as much attention to her as he did Yue. She wasn't jealous of Yue, but she was quickly discovering that now that she could see what other people were like and how they looked at each other, that she liked the attention.

"Give it a minute," Zuko shook his head, bringing Yue's clothes over and handing them to her as Yue quickly dried Toph and pulled the shorter girl's clothes out of the tub, before pulling the water out of those and handing the robe to Toph. "That strike was miles out, but the rule of thumb is, if you can see it, you're not safe."

Toph held her robe against her chest and followed them to the tent under her stone shelter, not bothering to pull it on since she was just going to get changed to sleep in a moment anyway. They were nearly in the tent when Toph felt the familiar rumble of thunder through her feet and, a moment later, heard it in the air—a distant, long, drawn out rumbling.

Once inside, Zuko held out a hand and created one of those balls of chi that lit up the tent and he and Yue stripped down again, Zuko down to his under clothes, Yue nude as she dug in her bag until she found a much thinner, blue silk robe that she pulled on. Toph sealed off the entrance, leaving cracks along the sides for air but otherwise making sure they'd be safe from the storm.

Considering the sleeping bag and her lack of other clothes, Toph shrugged and tossed her robe on top of Yue's bag, leaving her nude as she climbed into the middle of the bag. Settling down on her back, she sent the pair above her a smug look as they finished their preparations for bed. "What's taking you two so long?"

Yue giggled while Zuko chuckled quietly. The other girl continued digging in her bag however, until she came up with a comb. Moving over to the bag, she urged Toph to sit up and sat down behind her, then began gently pulling the comb through Toph's hair. Yue's bending water moved, freezing into another mirror on a stand in front of Toph, letting her see herself and Yue behind her as Yue worked. Zuko sat down beside them and Toph raised an eyebrow as a leather bound book somehow found its way to his hand—absent one moment, there the next. He opened it up and the pages flipped themselves for a moment before stopping. He took out something that looked kind of like a fountain pen but not quite and began scribbling in the book.

"What's it say?" Toph asked, curious. She technically knew how to read—by shape, with her seismic sense. She could read shapes in the dirt, or in signs that were dense enough for her to see, like stone or metal. She couldn't actually read ink on paper and wondered if she would have to relearn everything, or if she'd be able to recognize the squiggles she knew.

"This book's a bit special. It remembers things it's seen and it can store far more than a normal book of its size can," Zuko explained absently as he wrote. "And I've been busy copying things with it, so it says a lot. Right now though, I'm getting started on basic lessons to teach you how to read." He paused, then looked up. "You don't already know, do you? I figure it would've been difficult, but not impossible, to learn."

Toph grinned. "I know some. I can recognize signs. But seeing and feeling with the earth are different, so I guess we'll see."

Zuko turned the book so she could see it. "What do you see?"

Studying it for a moment, the earthbender shrugged. "Squiggles."

Nodding, Zuko took the book back and went back to writing. "Then we'll start from the beginning. That was the main reason your parents didn't want to turn things over to you—that you couldn't read the contracts and other documents you would need to, in order to run the company."

"So when we come back to show off how I can see now, I can show them I can read too," Toph grinned. "I like it."

By the time Yue finished up with Toph's hair and Zuko closed up his book, it was pouring down outside. Water beat down on the stone over the tent and wind howled, shaking the trees around them as lightning popped frequently. Zuko reached out and did something with the floating sphere of chi and it disappeared, leaving the inside of the tent dark. For just a moment, Toph's heart clenched as she found herself blind again. Gritting her teeth, she shook her head as Yue pulled her down into the sleeping bag and promptly wrapped around her side, latching on and squeezing her tightly.

I've been blind my whole life, so why does being in the dark suddenly bother me? …I hate it.

"I don't like storms," Yue murmured, shivering against Toph, as Zuko settled in on her other side with a yawn. "We never got them like this in the north."

"I love it. Perfect sleeping weather." Zuko yawned again, stretching a bit and making himself comfortable. "Try to get some sleep. We should reach the boat tomorrow, then we can head out."

"Where are we going next?" Yue asked, and Toph found herself curious to hear the answer.

"Hmm. We need to circle back around to Omashu here soon, but we've got some time. As for how we get there, we can go east or west. West takes us back out over the ocean. We're near Kyoshi Island, so we might stop there. Take a month or so for Toph to get used to things and adjust to being able to see in a fight somewhere relatively safe."

"What's the alternative?" Toph asked, rolling onto her side in Yue's clingy grasp, onto to have the taller woman pull her in closer, until she was spooned up against Toph's back.

"East, into the Si Wong Desert. There's a library hidden somewhere in the desert said to belong to a spirit that I want to visit."

Toph made a face. "I hate sand."

"Why's that?" Yue asked, right in her ear, and Toph shivered from head to toe, stifling a yelp in response.

"It's too loose. Hard to sense anything. Hard to manipulate."

Zuko hummed, then nodded. "Kyoshi, then. There'll be sand on the beach and you can practice until you overcome that hurdle, somewhere we can get a steady supply of food and water."

"Sounds good," Toph yawned. "So, does the desert have rivers through it or something?"

"No rivers."

"So we'd be walking? Screw that!"

Yue giggled while Zuko chuckled. "We'll just take the boat!"

Toph blinked. "I'm blind, not stupid. Was blind. Whatever. Boats go on water, not sand."

"Actually, there are apparently sandbenders in the desert that use boat-like craft specifically for the sand," Zuko shook his head.

"But that's not what we're doing~," Yue's tone was teasing.

"Then what…?"

"You'll see~!"

"Ugh. You suck."
Toph squinted, under the shade of numerous trees as she took in the boat hidden well up from the shore. "This is it?"

Zuko sent her one of those looks she didn't have a name for yet. His tone, however, told her all she needed to know. "What were you expecting?"

"I don't know. Not a big hunk of metal?"

Zuko sighed and turned back to cutting away branches and fallen trees, clearing the debris off of the boat. Toph turned as she felt Yue approaching from the river behind her, bringing water with her. In just a few moments, Yue had the boat lifted off the ground and moved gently back out of the mess it had been hidden in. The waterbender dragged it down to the water and Zuko took a moment to tie it off. Toph had to close her eyes and put on her blindfold at that point, as they had exited the trees and it was nearly noon—the sun was beaming down from overhead and it hurt to be in.

With nothing else to do at the moment, Toph sat on a rock on the shore and waited as Zuko and Yue cleaned off the boat, moved their things inside, and got it ready to travel. She heard, and smelled, as Zuko fired up a coal engine on it and he and Yue moved around on top of the boat for some reason.

"Are you ready to go, Toph?" Yue called, and Toph nodded.

"Just waiting on you."

"Oh! I just remembered! Give me a couple of minutes!" Yue ducked into the cabin and Zuko chuckled, jumping down onto the beach. "Come on, let's get on. Can you get on yourself, or do you want help?"

Toph considered it for a moment, before a mischievous grin spread over her face. Pushing herself to her feet, she made her way over to Zuko and put one hand on his shoulder, then jumped. He caught her reflexively, as she had hoped he would. "Carry me."

Zuko snorted. "I should throw you in the river."

"Sure, if you wanna die," Toph glared up at him, much of the expression lost to the blindfold.

Laughing, Zuko jumped and landed lightly, before setting Toph on her feet. Yue joined them at the back of the boat a moment later and began pulling off Toph's blindfold. "Here, try this."

The heavier blindfold was quickly replaced with something lighter, leaving Toph's eyes and face feeling cooler under it. It let in enough light that Toph could tell it was daytime, but not so much that it hurt her eyes. "Huh. That's pretty nice. Thanks, Yue."

"You're welcome. Now, let me just…" Yue untied the blindfold and did something, before pressing it back to Toph's face but not tying it. It let in more light than before, but wasn't what Toph would call painful.

"That's good. I can deal with that."

"Great. Now open your eyes," Yue instructed.

"Huh?" Toph asked, confused.

"It's lace. It's got holes in it. You can see through it," Zuko explained.

Slowly, Toph cracked open her eyes. She winced slightly at the burn, but after only a few moments, she got used to it. "It kind of hurt at first, but it's fading. I can kind of see. It's blurry. Hard to make out anything specific. But it's better than nothing!"

"Try another layer," Zuko instructed, and a moment later, Yue unrolled the blindfold again.

This time, Toph could see better, but it left her with a persistent sting and, after a minute or so, her eyes started to ache. "That's about the limit."

"Okay, I'll cut it here," Yue nodded, and Toph closed her eyes again as Yue pulled it away. She heard scissors and then, a moment later, Yue handed her the blindfold.

Toph tied it into place and briefly opened her eyes, only to close them again a moment later. "I guess I'll have to get used to it a little at a time."

"We expected as much," Zuko agreed, before moving to sit down on one of the boat's seats. "Everyone ready?"

"Ready!" Yue giggled, grabbing onto Toph and holding her tightly from behind, before slowly marching Toph up to the edge of the boat.

"Uh, what are you doing?" Toph asked, wondering if it would be Yue who threw her overboard and sent her into the drink. "Just so you know, I can't swim."

"Hm? I'm not going to throw you into the river, silly! I'm holding you so you don't panic and fall."

"Why would I panic and fall?" Toph wondered. "It's just a river."

Instead of answering, Yue giggled quietly and Toph heard and sort of felt Zuko move behind her, adjusting something. And then, the whole boat moved under her, forcing her down. "What the fu—?"

No, I didn't go down, the boat went up?

"Quick! Open your eyes!" Yue whispered.

Toph did so and her jaw fell open. The ground fell away below them, as did the trees. The entire boat rose into the air. Uncaring of the pain, Toph reached up and jerked her blindfold off as they went up, and up, and up. Her eyes burned, tears streaming down her cheeks and forcing her to blink, but she didn't want to look away. Trees, animals, the river, valleys, mountains—everything unfolded before her as the boat rose. Until eventually, in the distance, she thought she could make out a blurry smudge that might be Gaoling.

Yue's hands came up and cool water ran over Toph's eyes, making her blink again, but relieving the strain for a moment. They stayed like that, Toph forcing herself to look even as it hurt and Yue easing the pain so she could, until they stopped rising. Something thrummed above them and the boat began to move, the world below them shifting as the boat turned in the air as easily as it might on water.

After a few moments of watching, Toph felt her knees go weak. Yue guided her over to sit beside Zuko and Toph collapsed into the seat, with Yue dropping down on her other side. Slowly, Toph pulled the blindfold back on.

"I feel like I just stepped into one of the fairy tale books Su read for me," Toph murmured, for once almost entirely at a loss for words.

"Hehe! That was how I felt, the first time I saw the tops of the clouds," Yue nodded, and Toph could hear the smile in her voice.

"You'll be able to see more and for longer when night falls. We should be over the ocean by then," Zuko told her, and Toph blinked slowly.

"From Gaoling to the ocean is days of travel by cart."

"That's the benefit of air travel." Turning, he looked at Yue. "Did you get what I asked for?"

"Here," Yue pulled something out of her belt and handed it to Zuko. It was metal, whatever it was, judging by the clinking.

A moment later, Toph knew for sure as Zuko took her hands… and fastened them into a set of steel bracelets joined by a short chain. Shackles. The kind used to bind prisoners. Toph blinked, turning a confused look up at him. Her mouth ran off ahead of her brain. "…If you wanted to tie my hands up and have fun, all you had to do was ask."

Yue made a strangled sound and covered her mouth as Zuko laughed. "Maybe later. No, this is for a different kind of fun. Training. Bend your way out of them."

Toph's reply was flat. "It's metal."

"Yep. I believe you can do it."

Pressed into his side as she was, Toph could feel his heartbeat. She could hear his voice. He was lying. Zuko didn't believe she could do it, he knew she could, somehow, and it was like he was just… waiting for her to figure out that she could. And some part of her, a large part of her in fact, didn't want to disappoint him.

So, Toph turned her attention down to the shackles on her wrists and closed her eyes. Before she started however, she elbowed him in the ribs. "We're keeping these when I'm done. I wasn't kidding."

"You keep saying things like that and I'm gonna call your bluff," Zuko threatened.

Toph smirked. "Who said I was bluffing?"

"But, why shackles?!" Yue squeaked, and Toph could hear the blush.

""Because it's fun.""

Toph's eyes opened and she turned to look at Zuko, who in turn turned to look down at her. She could just make out a smirk on his lips that almost mirrored her own grin.

Stupid sexy, nnf. Bending first, 'bending' later!
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.
Now with Discord!​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:VialLemon, Voltrasin, Tobie42 and 2,193 others
sinereal
Jul 22, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 23 New
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
Oct 15, 2024
Add bookmark
#3,052
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
23
Commissioned by darkestcalling.
In the short time Toph had been able to use her eyes, she had seen so many new things and made so many new, happy memories that it was hard to say which was her favorite, behind the very first—that being the day she was healed and saw her friends for the first time. Since then she had seen trees, mountains, rivers, animals, the sky, huge clouds and lightning dancing in the distance, the moon and stars, sunset and sunrise—but those were all apparently mundane, normal things. Things normal people just took for granted.

Today however, things had taken a more fantastical turn—the sort of things her former maid had read aloud to her from books. She had joined the ranks of only a handful of people alive today who had seen the view of the world from the sky—something no one had seen in the last almost hundred years, since the death of the airbenders. Sunset over the ocean from so high up that animals looked like insects moving around below was right up there in her top five favorites, but being able to take the blindfold off and look out over the land and water under the cool, blue light of the nearly full moon was right behind it.

Looking down over the water, glittering silver in places, and the coast, Toph grinned as she held onto a rope tightly and leaned a bit further out over the edge of the flying boat. Off to the side, she heard Yue yawn before speaking up. "What do we want to eat tonight?"

"What are you feeling like?" Zuko asked, before adding, "You too, Toph."

"I don't really care. Whatever you're having," she shrugged, not looking away from the sights below. Along the dark line of the coast, the orange light of numerous fires glowed in the dark, stretching nearly as far as she could see. They were fairly spaced out, but there were a lot of them, and Toph had seen maps of the Earth Kingdom before rendered in stone at scale—because Earthbenders loved doing that kind of thing and her parents kept a few on retainer just for that sort of service. To her knowledge, there weren't that many villages along the coast.

"That's weird, right?" she asked just as Yue ducked into the cabin.

"What's weird?" Zuko asked, and Toph gestured off the side of the boat with her free hand.

"That. There are lots of camp fires along the coast. I count over thirty."

"Let me see." She felt his footsteps through the metal of the deck approaching, before he stopped beside her. "Huh. That's weird."

"Right? I told you! What do you think it is?"

He pulled out some kind of tube that extended when he pulled on it and brought it to his eye. "Lots of camps and a lot of people. But they're… under-provisioned for any kind of trip. Just the clothes on their backs, maybe a few bags. A few wagons and animals here and there. Look kinda ragged, too."

"You can see all that? How?" Toph asked.

Zuko pulled the tube from his eye and sent her a smile as he offered it to her. "It's a spyglass. Or a telescope if you wanna get technical. Have a look for yourself."

Toph took the spyglass and held it to her eye as she'd seen Zuko do. "Whoa!" she yelped, reflexively taking a step back and nearly stumbling, before Zuko's hand on her arm caught her. "They got close! No, wait," she pulled the spyglass away from her eye and looked again, before putting it back. "Ooh! I get it! Neat!"

"I thought we could have stew— What's going on?" Yue called as she stepped outside, carrying a lidded pot and a metal stand to put it on.

"Remember the smoke we saw earlier in the day? I think we know what was burning now," Zuko murmured, waving Yue over.

The princess quickly set up the stand and hung the pot on it by the handle before moving over to stand beside them. Toph offered her the spyglass but Yue waved her off, instead drawing water from her bending pouch. A couple of large blobs of water formed in the air as Yue held them up and Toph realized she was making her own, much larger version of the tool she held. Zuko took back the spyglass instead and they crowded in around the smaller sheet of ice as Yue fine tuned things, creating an icy shell around the outside and attaching the whole thing to the side of the boat with more ice.

"It's upside down," Toph complained.

"You need a mirror angled at forty-five degrees to flip the image and a smaller lens to look through on the back end. Here, narrow it down," Zuko directed and the water flowed as Yue followed his instructions. A few moments later, he was looking through a much smaller eye hole. "Alright, yeah, that did it. Have a look."

Yue took Zuko's place as he moved out of the way. Studying the ground below she frowned, before moving away and letting Toph have a look. What she saw was much closer and in better detail than the spyglass had been. The people she made out around the camp fire looked only a few yards away. As Zuko had said, they looked pretty rough to Toph's eye. Some were covered in some black or gray substance that looked like the soot and ash that came from the coal engine keeping the ship up. Some wore bandages and had big stains of what might be blood, but it was hard to tell in the moonlight.

"We have to go down there," Yue spoke up as Toph turned away from the telescope. A gesture from the waterbender had the ice turning to water and flowing back into her bending skin.

Zuko considered Yue for a few moments before he smiled. Letting out a sigh, he nodded. "Alright. Tomorrow."

"We should go now. There are injured—!"

"They've clearly been on the road for a couple of days. Anyone who was going to die of immediate, life threatening injures has likely already done so. Anyone with an infection can probably wait for sunrise." When Yue crossed her arms over her chest and frowned, Zuko continued, "Besides, let me ask you something. Suppose you've been on the run for a few days after some tragedy forced you from your home. It's the middle of the night and some strangers approach your camp. How do you react?"

Yue looked away. "I would see what they wanted before making up my mind."

Moving over to the pot and taking off the lid, Zuko checked its contents for a moment before closing it up and sitting down in his seat. Putting his hand under the bottom, orange flames spilled out of his hand and cast a warm glow over the boat's deck. "You really would, wouldn't you? Toph?"

"Hm?" she asked, looking away from the fire coming from Zuko's hand. "Oh. Middle of the night? Yeah, they're definitely there to fuck around and cause trouble. I'd bury them up to their necks first and go from there."

Zuko arched an eyebrow and Toph blushed as she remembered that was pretty much exactly what she had done to him on their first meeting—except she'd also caught him by surprise and broken his hip first, for good measure. When he only chuckled, she looked away and held in the apology she kind of almost felt obligated to give again. She didn't though, because if he had wanted to hold it over her head, he would have before now.

Making a frustrated sound, Yue dropped into her seat beside Zuko and propped her elbows on her knees, before dropping her chin in her palms and pouting. "I hate it when you do that."

"Do what?" Zuko asked as Toph joined them on his other side. Grabbing the lid, he opened the pot for a moment and Yue flicked a finger in its general direction, making the contents swirl.

Toph leaned in to see what it was and sighed at the smell of meat and vegetables in soup. Zuko covered it again and Yue answered, "Making me feel bad for wanting to help people." He started to open his mouth and she cut him off. "I know that's not what you're trying to do. I know you're looking out for me. I'm not as worldly as you, or as jaded as Toph. One day, giving someone the benefit of the doubt is probably going to come back to bite me, but I would rather that than treat everyone as a potential threat."

Turning, her eyes bored into Zuko's and at that moment, Toph felt like an outsider—like she was intruding on something private. But it would be awkward to get up and leave, or otherwise draw attention to herself and break their moment, so she kept silent.

"If I did, I wouldn't be here today. With you."

Yeah, definitely feeling like I should make a hole and crawl into it for a while—

Yue leaned around Zuko and sent Toph a smile. "Or you."

Toph couldn't help the smile that came to her lips, so she turned away to avoid embarrassing herself. Beside her, Zuko reached up and rubbed at the his forehead. "You can do that and minimize risk and potential conflict, just by being aware of the situation. Like this," he gestured with his free hand towards the side of the boat and presumably to the coast down below. "Look before you leap. That's all I'm asking. You don't have to change who you are and honestly, I don't want you to. Just be aware of the risks and be more careful."

Yue bit her bottom lip and nodded. "I guess it can wait until morning. But we'll go at first light!"

"We will," Zuko agreed. Opening the pot again, he considered the contents before nodding. "Looks done to me."

"Toph, come help me get everything?" Yue asked and Toph nodded, following her inside and grabbing their dishes and the tea pot while Yue brought out a pot of leftover rice and a blanket.

Soon enough, they had set up together on the blanket outside, Zuko locking the tiller into position and joining them. Toph was all smiles as she happily shared a meal with her friends. After, she and Yue laid out on the blanket, the taller girl pulling her in close as they looked at the stars, while Zuko stood and made his way over to the railing, looking out below while sipping another cup of tea.

Toph had nearly drifted off when Zuko spoke up. "Well, looks like I was right."

"Hm?" Yue asked, stirring Toph slightly as she shifted to look at Zuko.

"Just spotted the remains of a coastal village. I say remains because it's been burned to the ground. There's a little smoke, but it looks like it's been days. It probably happened that day we had that big storm move through."

"You think it was lightning?" Toph yawned, and Zuko shook his head.

"Doubt it. Not with that many people moving and apparently more than one village affected. Could be…"

"Fire Nation," Yue murmured, and Zuko nodded.

"Maybe, but I doubt it. This isn't their usual thing. The navy doesn't tend to burn random villages down, especially when a lot of these villages on the coast were originally founded by the Fire Nation and trade with us. No, this is something else. Pirates, maybe. Earth Kingdom getting it in their heads to do another purge. This many, across this large an area, means it's coordinated either way. We'll find out what it is tomorrow."

Toph felt through the metal of the ship as he moved around to the front and swept the spyglass over the water. After a few moments, he returned. "Spotted a boat. They're not flying any flags and hauling ass west."

Yue sat up. "Where do you think they're going?"

Zuko thought about it for a minute, taking Toph's hand and pulling her up when she reached out for him. "That's the general direction of Kyoshi Island, I think."

"So, if they're pirates, think we should follow?"

Zuko opened his mouth, then closed it with a click. "Might have just been a merchant trader. I'm not one hundred percent sure. It was pretty far and running dark, so it's hard to make out."

"Running without lights is usually a sign of a pirate. Or at least, that's what the warriors who dealt with the pirate raids said," Yue hummed, gathering the blanket in her hands. "Oh, but sometimes, traders run without lights on the deck if they suspect there are pirates in the area."

Zuko shook his head. "Doesn't help us make a decision then. We'll go check out the refugees and see what's going on. In the meantime, I'm going to put us down and set the tiller to follow the coast, so we can get some sleep."

"Can I watch?" Toph asked, and Zuko nodded. She joined him at the helm as Yue made her way into the cabin. Zuko adjusted things and pulled a couple of cables, and Toph felt as they began to slowly descend. Eventually, they touched down with a soft splash and Zuko pulled a lever to shut off the vent leading up to the balloon, before locking the tiller into place.

"Come help me roll this thing up and put it away, would you?" he asked, and she followed him up to put away the balloon.

Once they were done, they made their way into the cabin and climbed into bed. Toph went to sleep with a grin on her face as she once again found herself the meat in the middle of a Zuko and Yue sandwich.
"Hello the camp," I called as we approached the group of people sitting just off the beach, under the trees. They eyed us with suspicion and had been watching us since Yue beached the boat.

"Good morning!" Yue called, hurrying ahead, while Toph and I hung back a bit. "Is anyone injured? I'm a healer."

The people all looked at each other before one of them waved her over. "Yeah, I got cut real bad. If you could do something about it, I'd appreciate it."

"Of course!" Yue nodded, pulling her bending water from her water skin as she took a knee beside the injured man and began to unwrap the makeshift bandages around his chest. "How did this happen?"

"Pirates, that's how," an older woman spat. "They took everything we had. Took the young women and children onto their ship and killed anyone who tried to fight back. Then they burned the village to the ground when they left."

A man nearby sighed as he nodded. "We ain't the fist and we won't be the last. We've met a couple of other groups. All got the same story. Pirates are going all up and down the coast from the far southern coast to Yu Dao, looting everything that ain't nailed down and burning what is. Lot of 'em are taking slaves, too. Some are killing everyone they come across. It's like someone picked the bunch hornet nest and pissed 'em off, but usually when the Fire Nation Navy comes along and clears out a bunch of pirates, they keep their heads down for a while."

"So, where are you all going?" Toph asked, moving over and making herself a stone seat to sit in as she dropped down near the group. I moved away a bit, taking in their supplies and ration situation versus how many people were there, and coming up short with a wince.

"Most of us are heading for the fishing villages near Omashu. The city sends people out to protect the coastal villages because that's where they get a lot of their food, so those have always been safe from raiders. Some are willing to stop and stay if we find a place what ain't been raided yet, but I told those idiots it's only a matter of time before they'd get raided too," the man pitched his voice at the others, some of whom looked surly and like they didn't want to believe it.

"I'll be back in a few," I called to Toph and Yue. Yue sent me a quick look and a nod. Toph made to stand but I motioned for her to stay and nodded towards Yue. She nodded and turned her attention back to the group around them.

I made my way back to the boat and slipped inside the cabin. Grabbing my bow and quiver, I took the bow from the case and strung it, before settling it into place on my back and heading out. Then, it was up the beach and into the forest. The hunt didn't take long and within the hour I was back with a fresh boar. The people on the beach perked up as they saw the cleaned animal and those who could move quickly began gathering more firewood and setting up a spit to roast it. Together, we got the skin off and put it over the spit.

"Listen," I spoke up, drawing the refugees' attention. "This isn't going to last forever. A few days at most. Who among you can hunt?"

"Lad, we're from a fishing village. Pirates burned our nets and boats," one of the older men spoke up, drawing nods from several of the others.

"Okay, I think I've got a spare net," I nodded. "As for a boat, that's doable, and it's be faster to travel by boat. How many do you need? And how large?"

The fishermen discussed for a few moments before coming to a decision. They drew out the rough length of the two boats they'd need in the sand and I walked it off, before writing everything down in my journal. Once I was finished, I looked over to Yue, working on an old woman. "Yue, you finished with that?"

"Nearly," she confirmed.

"Alright. Toph, want to help?"

The earthbender grinned and hopped up, following me as I headed back into the woods. "So, what are we doing?"

"Cutting down a tree." I pointed to one in particular, "That one. I'm going to cut it. I need you to lift if off the ground with stone so I can work on it."

She nodded and we got to work. Considering how to do what I wanted without giving away that I was a firebender, I eventually came up with an idea. Summoning a sphere of chi to hand, I reshaped it, stretching it out and making it thinner, until it took on a vaguely sword-like shape. Then, I began oscillating the chi along the edge, giving it a bit of a spin as well. Pressing the bar of chi against the tree, I felt the movement of it slow down as it bit into the wood and sprayed sawdust. Adjusting the speed upwards, I pushed it deeper into the tree until it cut through and the tree cracked as it began to lean. Eventually, I felled it entirely.

"Gonna have to remember that one," I mused, eyeing the quietly humming blade in my hand, before moving up the tree and beginning to cut the limbs off.

It was the work of a few hours to cut the limbs off, section it how I wanted, and then remove the bark. I felled a second tree and began working on it for the second boat. Yue finished with her patients during that time and rejoined us, and I had her remove the water from the wood to cure it. Then, between the two of us, we began using our bending techniques to start carving.

While she had never actually built a boat from wood, Yue was a proud member of the Northern Water Tribe, and I was pretty sure she would die of shame if she couldn't make her own boat out of ice now that she could use waterbending for something other than healing. She had lived her life in a city which was heavily dependent upon fishing and hunting for its food, so she had seen the sorts of boats her people used for fishing, hunting, and traveling. With her water acting as a saw, her boat quickly began to take shape.

As for myself, I knew boats well enough, especially given just how much time I had spent recently living in one. There wasn't really enough material to make anything big, but it didn't need to be—nor did it need to be complicated. I didn't worry about any of the frills or details Yue was putting into hers. It needed to float and seat four people, and that was it. A dugout canoe was simple, quick, and left me with plenty of material to work with to make enough oars and seats for everyone. When I got the interior finished, I took a few minutes to have Toph flip it over and smoothed out the bottom, before calling it good enough.

The two boats Yue floated down to the beach on a stream of water were very different, in terms of looks. They were both roughly the same size, but Yue's looked like she had squeezed in an extra two seats. One of them was covered in intricate little Water Tribe carvings and even had a figurehead in the shape of a dragon. The other was plain, with a smooth surface and no frills at all.

"This uh, this thing looks fit for royalty," one of the men complained, running his hand over the figurehead on Yue's boat, earning a smile from the girl. "Almost afraid to take it out on the water."

"It's actually very sturdy!" she assured them, lifting it with a bit of water and moving it out into the waves. "Please, go ahead."

Chuckling, I left her to try to convince them to actually use the work of art she'd given them and made my way back to my own boat. A few moments of digging later and I had a large, rolled fishing net tossed over my shoulder. I made my way back out and dropped the net off over the top of the boat I'd made. "That should do it. Good luck, folks."

"We're leaving?" Yue asked, and I nodded. She quickly said her goodbyes and joined me and Toph as we climbed up into our own boat. "You're sure we can't stay a while longer? Just to make sure they're okay?"

"You saw how many people just like this there were last night," I reminded, and she frowned, but nodded. "So, princess." Yue perked up and her face turned serious as I used her title. "We now know what happened: they were raided by pirates and their people taken. We know where they're going: up the coast, to some villages near Omashu. We know that Omashu is interested in keeping pirates away from their easy food supply and the people that work to supply it. What do you think we should do?"

I held out one hand for emphasis. "We can stop and help every group of refugees as we did here, tending to their injuries and giving or making them whatever they need. I estimate, based on just how many lights we saw, that could take a month or two if we take a day to stop and help every group—if not more, since the horizon cut off the view further up the coast, and there are little villages all up and down the coast that could have been hit or are currently being hit."

Holding out the other hand, I continued, "Or we can make for Omashu and get there in a few days by air. Seek an audience with the king there. Let him know what's going on. Ask him to send aid and people out to escort those who need help. This frees us up to go hunt down the pirates and maybe rescue those people who have been kidnapped before they can be sold off as slaves."

Yue bit her lip as I moved my hands up and down, visibly and metaphorically weighing her options for her. Eventually, Yue asked, "Toph, who's in charge of Omashu? Could they help? And would they even be willing to?"

"King Bumi," the earthbender answered after a moment of thought. "He's an old guy and kind of crazy from what I've heard, but a good king. He'd definitely do whatever he could to help."

"Nnn," Yue made a frustrated sound, but finally nodded. Letting out a defeated sigh, she gave her decision. "A good leader has to know when to delegate, and when to ask for help. And, and a healer has to know when it's time to triage and focus on the most important things first. We'll hurry to Omashu."

Even as she said it, I could tell that Yue didn't agree. That she knew what she needed to do, but felt like she was making the wrong choice. It hurt and left her feeling conflicted, and I could tell she hated it. Nothing I said would make her feel better about it though. So instead, I got to work. We got the fire lit and the balloon out, and lifted off, turning for Omashu.

To my surprise, Yue didn't take her normal seat beside me. Instead, she wandered off to the front of the ship and made herself another telescope of ice, looking out over the beach and the surroundings. I frowned, unsure whether to go to her or give her space. Toph made the decision for me as she sat down beside me and leaned against me. Taking out a lump of metal from the pouch at her belt, she began playing with it, shaping what had been a set of cuffs between her hands.

"She'll get over it," she murmured.

"Hm?" I asked, raising an eyebrow.

"It sucks now, but she's going to realize it's the best decision eventually." The metal between Toph's hands twisted and stretched as she played with it, not looking up. "It's like… You own a company, right? If somebody robs one of your stores, you go to the city guard and maybe hire some mercs for protection. If someone robs all of your stores, you go to the king. If they hurt your people when they were doing it, you send them to a healer, but you don't wait around to make sure they're okay—you go try to stop it from happening again. You've got a duty to look after your employees and if you leave the people hurting them out there, running around free to do it again, you've failed them. Because they'll definitely be back. Maybe tomorrow, maybe in a year or two, after you've had time to rebuild and make more money and stuff for them to steal. Pirates are a fucking scourge and every one you kill saves someone else from them in the future."

"Yeah, but Yue doesn't like fighting. She really doesn't like killing," I pointed out and Toph nodded.

"She's soft. It's not bad, but sometimes… sometimes, you just don't have the luxury to be soft. That's why my family hires guards for caravans and ships, and they've got orders to handle bandits and pirates one way. I've heard the reports. Some years it can get pretty bad—"

Crack-boom!

Toph and I both flinched and I heard Yue yelp from the front of the boat. My head jerked towards the source of the sound as I stood, looking behind us—towards the southeast. Down on the water a few miles out, I spotted a Fire Navy cruiser burning hard towards us. A moment later, a streak of fire shot into the air above it.

Crack-boom!

"What is that?" Toph asked, lifting her blindfold and shielding her eyes from the sun with her hands as she squinted at the water.

"Zuko?" Yue called as she hurried up, stopping beside Toph. "What's going on?"

"Signal flare. Shit," I sighed as a third flare went up and detonated. Looking around, I didn't spot any other Fire Navy boats, which meant that those flares were meant for us. "Maybe I can convince them to go away."

Remembering my lessons on signaling, I shot off a flare of my own in answer to confirm I'd seen their flare and get them to stop sending up noisemakers. The sound from those things carried for miles and miles, and there was a chance that while I might not see another Fire Nation Navy boat, one over the horizon might have heard. They were entirely distinct and couldn't be mistaken for thunder or anything else, and if a boat heard one, they were obligated to respond unless running under orders to the contrary—which they were required to signal.

As I watched, a series of smaller fireballs shot up into the air before going off—these not making any noise. Yue frowned, asking, "What are they doing?"

"Communicating. It's code. Hang on," I told her, taking a moment to decode it from what I remembered. "It says 'unknown vessel, identify yourself and state your purpose for being here.'"

"All that from a few fireballs?" Toph asked, sounding impressed.

"Individual words and phrases. What they actually sent was unknown, identify, purpose."

"So, what are you going to say back?"

I considered for a moment before sending a reply. "Secret. Research. Identify. Identity is secret, we're here for research, you identify yourself because I don't believe you have clearance to know who I am and why I'm here. Basically, anyone below admiral can go blow smoke and doesn't need to know why we're here, and they'll know it. Given that we're on a flying ship, that should convince them we're legit and likely working for War Minister Qin. He's the guy in charge of projects like this. They've got no way of verifying or denying that, so standard operating procedure would be to send us on our way. Unless there's an admiral on that boat—"

Signal flares went up and I blinked as I decoded the message. "Or a general."

Shaking my head, I laughed and sent off a return message. "Heave to and prepare for boarding," I translated for Yue and Toph, before hurrying to the helm. Cutting the throttle back, I turned the ship towards the Fire Navy boat and began dumping altitude in a fast but controlled descent.

"Why are we going towards the Fire Nation boat?!" Toph yelped, grabbing onto the railing and holding on for dear life. "And don't drop so fast or I'll puke!"

"Zuko? What did they say?"

I turned and sent Yue a grin. "I got to meet your family. Now it's your turn."

"Are we gonna have to fight our way out?" Toph asked as she sat down. "Because I don't do so well on boats. Sure, I can bend the metal now, but I don't think I'm ready to use that for fighting."

"No fighting, I promise," I chuckled. "Well, I take that back. I might have to fight, but you two should be fine."
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.
Now with Discord!​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:VialLemon, Voltrasin, Tobie42 and 2,302 others
sinereal
Oct 15, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 24 New
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
Oct 31, 2024
Add bookmark
#3,161
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
24
Commissioned by darkestcalling.
I circled around and put us on the Fire Navy cruiser's port side, lowering my ship enough that we could easily jump down. "Yue, could you toss them the line from the bow?" I asked, as I gathered the one from stern up and flung it over to a waiting sailor on the deck below. She nodded and hurried forward, securing the second line at the bow and likewise tossing it over, where it was quickly secured.

"So, we're just gonna go over there?" Toph asked as Yue rejoined us. "And that's gonna be okay?"

"Yup," I confirmed. "You good to jump, or…?"

Toph grinned and jumped up, forcing me to catch her. "Carry me."

Yue giggled, rolling her eyes at Toph's antics. "You're spoiling her."

"Like you don't?" I countered, raising an eyebrow.

"That's different!" Yue huffed, sticking her nose up in the air and looking away, but I caught the edges of her lips twitching as she fought a smile down.

Leaving it at that, I moved up to the side of the boat. "Come on, let's go."

Hopping down, I slowed my descent and 'slid' down to the deck, earning a brief yelp from Toph before we set down. I eased her down onto her feet and turned to see Yue step off of the ship and onto an ice-topped column of water rising up from the ocean below, which lowered her easily to the deck, where she hopped down to land beside us. A group of sailors met us on the deck. There were eight rank and file men wearing standard Fire Nation uniforms, though they were technically out of regulation at the moment given they had their helmets off, and in front of them stood two older men. One of them wore the uniform and markings of a lieutenant, while the other wore a simple robe in Fire Nation colors.

I'd had Army and Navy protocol and etiquette drilled into me by various instructors over the years, so I knew the score here. If the lieutenant was standing there with a retired general, then they were the two highest ranking officers on board. Given that Uncle was retired, that made the lieutenant the highest ranking officer among the crew, which granted him the title of captain but not the rank by the same name. Regardless of their rank, proper etiquette demanded you address the commanding officer on a ship by the title of captain, unless the rank outstripped the title—as in the case of an admiral, where an admiral acting as captain would be addressed as admiral formally, but could be addressed as captain less formally such as in the case of acknowledging orders or passing along reports. That is, if the admiral gave an order in combat and someone responded with an "Aye cap," the admiral had no official grounds to complain about the brevity.

Looking to the lieutenant, I saluted. "Permission to come aboard, captain?"

The lieutenant smiled and returned the salute. "Permission granted, your highness."

"Thank you," I nodded, before turning my attention to the much older man beside him. "Uncle, it's good to see you again."

"Zuko! Come give your uncle a hug!" the old man grinned, stepping forward and opening his arms. I quickly did as asked and let out a quiet wheeze as he squeezed hard enough to crack my back. He let me go and stepped back. "Let me look at you," he hummed, looking me over. One hand reached out and prodded my chest and when I didn't react, he raised an eyebrow. "Let's see it."

Sighing, I tugged my robe open and he winced at the scarring. "It's fine, Uncle. It's healed. This is all just surface layer stuff. Just… a reminder."

"Hmm," his frown deepened, resting a finger against against the raised scar tissue for a moment before letting his hand fall. Looking around me, he eyed Yue and Toph briefly, before his eyes cut back to me as I straightened my robe up. "Made a trip up north, did you?" he asked, and I nodded. "Come, introduce me to your friends! We have much to discuss, I imagine."

"Much indeed," the cruiser's captain murmured, and I sent him a questioning look. He nodded towards my ship and introduced himself. "Lieutenant Jee. My prince, if you don't mind, could we have a look at it?"

"How about I give you the tour in a moment?" I suggested, and he nodded. Turning back to the girls, I grinned and patted Uncle on the shoulder. "Ladies, this is my uncle, the Dragon of the West, General Iroh."

"Please, nephew. No need for all that. I'm retired now. Just an old man spending his days enjoying his tea and Pai Sho," he waved a hand dismissively, grinning.

"Uh huh. Pull the other one Uncle, it's got bells on it," I rolled my eyes. Gesturing to the girls, I continued, "Uncle, these are my friends, Yue of the Northern Water Tribe and Toph Beifong."

"It's nice to meet you," Yue gave a short bow as she smiled. "Zuko's told me a lot about you."

"First time I'm hearing it," Toph shrugged. "Still, uh, yeah. Nice to meet you, I guess."

"So," Iroh drew the word out, before turning a curious look my way. "I would much rather spend some time catching up, but… a flying ship? I would never forgive myself if I passed up this opportunity, nephew. Surely you understand?"

"Of course, Uncle. Come on, why don't the five of us take her up for a few and you can see how it works?" I suggested, and Uncle's face lit up in a huge smile. I couldn't say I blamed him, as I was pretty sure I was wearing that same expression the first time we went up in it.

"Thank you, nephew. Come lieutenant, let us have a look!" Uncle chuckled.

I picked up Toph again, much to her pleasure, and made the leap up to the boat. Yue shook her head and made a set of stairs out of ice for herself, Uncle, and Lt. Jee. The three of them stepped onto the small ship and the lieutenant sent me a smile. "Permission to come aboard, captain?"

"Granted, lieutenant," I chuckled.

Uncle and Jee followed me to the back, where the engine sat chugging away while Yue moved to the front. A moment later, the cruiser's crew cast our lines off and we pulled them in and set them back in place. Yue rejoined us just as I was taking my seat and opening the valve to increase altitude. Throttling up a bit, we slowly climbed as the ship pulled away from the cruiser.

"Mm, I see," Uncle mused, studying the mechanisms. "You fill the balloon with hot air and it rises, like a paper lantern."

"Precisely, Uncle," I confirmed.

"And the propeller up there works just like the ones on our ship?" Jee asked, and I nodded.

"It's thinner to be able to work better with the air, but it's the same principle. This is just a standard coal-fired steam engine. We've got water tanks on the sides and coal storage here," I thumped the box in question. "Exhaust to the rear. Steam flows through the pipe and cools in the return lines and tanks, allowing it to condense. It pipes hot air up through the cabin to the balloon on top when the vent is open. It really is just a standard boat I slapped some spare parts on, did a bit of welding to put a cabin on it, and tied a hot air balloon to."

As we rose, Uncle and Jee moved to the sides and looked over, taking in the cruiser below, the water stretched out around us, and the distant coast. Uncle sighed contentedly, leaning against the railing. "Amazing."

"It really is," the lieutenant nodded. "This could change the war entirely."

"Yes. Which is why it's going to stay safely out of father's reach, until I'm ready to deal with that problem."

Jee cast a glance back at me before nodding once. "Understood. I'll make sure the men know."

"Thank you, lieutenant."

We were up roughly an hour just circling before I brought us back down as the sun started to set. This time, I came in behind the cruiser and set her on the water. Uncle and the lieutenant watched with interest as I shut down the engine and Yue and I rolled and stored the balloon. With some help from Yue creating a platform for us, we were quickly back aboard the cruiser and I had my ship tied off at the rear where it could be towed.

"How about some tea while we talk?" Iroh suggested and I nodded.

"Sounds good. If we could have it inside? It's still a bit too bright out for Toph," I suggested, laying a hand on the shorter young woman's shoulder as she shifted and bumped me with her hip.

"Of course," Uncle agreed and we quickly made our way inside. He led us through the ship's narrow hallways to a room that had apparently been made up as a casual sitting/meditation room. Jee excused himself citing duties and Uncle busied himself with the tea pot for a few moments before joining us at the table, putting the pot down between us to steep as it steamed away.

"Now," Uncle began, setting out some snacks as well and taking what looked like a rice cracker for himself, "tell me of your travels, Zuko. How did you meet these two lovely young ladies?" He shifted his amber gaze to Yue, focusing on her neck—specifically, the necklace there, tied on by its Fire Nation red ribbon. Leaning forward, he studied it and quietly asked, "Is that what I think it is?"

"How about you let me tell the story and stop trying to skip ahead, uncle?" I sighed, even as Yue giggled and nodded, pressing herself into my side.

"It is!" she gushed, a happy smile on her lips.

"I want one," Toph sighed, eyeing the necklace in question with a bit of jealousy.

Yue leaned over to look at her from my other side. "Then we should get Zuko to make you one!" she grinned, earning a smile and a nod from Toph—and a raised eyebrow from Uncle Iroh, who then turned a speculative look on me. "I think green would look better on you though."

"I like green jade," Toph nodded. "I always liked the way it felt, before. Smooth in the hands and easy to 'see' through with my other sense."

"We can get you a red band to go with it so we match," Yue suggested, and Toph nodded.

"Sounds good."

I sighed. "Toph. It's a betrothal necklace."

The girl turned green eyes on me and glared, her cheeks turning pink. "I knew that!"

"If I get you one—"

"I know what it means, shut up~!" the girl growled, punching my arm with a solid thump.

"So violent," I hissed, rubbing my arm as Uncle chuckled.

Taking up the pot, I began pouring us tea. "So, as you know, I left after father lost his temper…"

The retelling took a couple of hours and by the time we were finished, the sun had set outside. Uncle had fallen silent in thought for some time as I finished up. "…And that's when you spotted us. So, what were you doing out here, Uncle?"

"Mm," he pulled himself from his thoughts and took a sip of his tea. "We were initially here searching for you, Zuko. Then, much like you, we saw evidence of pirates and investigated. Now, we are here hunting pirates. Something has them riled up. This is the worst I've ever seen it." Sighing, he pushed himself to his feet. "You've given me much to think about. In the meantime, let's go up and see if you've been keeping up with your forms. And then… music night!"

Yue giggled as I stood and offered her and Toph a hand. "Are you going to play for us, Uncle?"

"Of course! I play a mean tsungi horn! I'm pretty good with a pipa, if I say so myself. Just ask Zuko," the old man grinned.

"He really is," I nodded. "And that reminds me. I found something you might like, Uncle. Took a nice tsungi horn off of some pirates a while back."

"Hoh?" he asked, reaching up and stroking his beard as we made our way down the halls towards the hatch leading outside. "That does sound nice. You should play with us tonight, Zuko."

"Only if I get to play my pipa." I still wasn't sure of the name of the thing I'd found, but it wasn't actually a pipa—having more in common with a guitar instead. The name didn't matter, I just didn't want to spend the night blowing a damn horn. I could do it, and I was actually pretty good at it according to Uncle—I just didn't really like the instrument.

"Of course, of course," Uncle waved me off. "Do you ladies play anything?"

"Zuko's been teaching me to play the pipa," Yue nodded. "And I sing."

"Uh," Toph murmured, and I sent her a look. "Actually, yeah."

"Really?" I asked, surprised. "I didn't know."

"You didn't ask," Toph stuck her tongue out. "It's one of the things I could do entirely by feel. I couldn't read the notes or anything, so I just memorized things and played from memory."

Uncle nodded at that. "Very impressive. What do you play?"

"Flute and the drum. Drums were really good for making more vibrations," she admitted. "I brought my flute with me. Should I…?"

"I'll get it when I get my pipa," I told her and she grinned.

We stepped out onto the deck and Uncle waved to one of the sailors nearby. After a quiet word, the man hurried back inside and Iroh and I made our way out into the open space in the middle while Toph and Yue kept a respectable distance from the sparring match that was about to take place.

"You should warm up," Uncle advised as he began stretching, and I heard his old bones popping from where I stood.

Taking the advice, I began going through my own warm-up stretches. "It's been a while since I've fought another firebender. Lately, it's just been Yue and Toph."

"Are they any good?" Uncle asked, turning a considering eye on the pair.

"If I said they weren't, Toph would kick my ass and Yue would throw me overboard," I chuckled, then waved at the earthbender. "She can hear us from there, you know. Vibrations through the metal."

Uncle nodded. "She was really blind?"

"She was," I confirmed. "I healed her. Surprised you haven't said anything about that."

"I'm still thinking it over," he murmured. "You really made someone my age young again?"

"You aren't that old Uncle. She was almost twice your age." Grinning, I lowered my voice and quietly asked, "Want me to introduce you?"

Uncle chuckled, straightening from his stretching. "If we're ever up that way, I'd be delighted."

I straightened as well, glancing back and seeing that someone had brought out chairs for Yue and Toph, and most of the rest of the crew had joined them in waking up positions to watch. "Seems like they're expecting a show."

"Then let's give them one," Uncle grinned, sliding into the opening stance for most firebending katas.

Shifting into the same stance, I nodded, watching his form and reaching out with energybending to feel the chi flows around us. Watching. Waiting. I would let him have the first move to set the tone for this spar—

Iroh moved, flying through the motions of a firebending kata, his arms whipping out in fast punches and his legs snapping out kicks—all of which launched watermelon sized fireballs at me. Despite being on the older side, Uncle was still strong and fast, and he went hard right from the start as he poured on a barrage of fire and sprinted at me to close the distance.

I countered with my own barrage or fireballs, striking those he sent my way with every step out of the air—green and orange flames colliding and exploding like fireworks between us. I didn't try to close range as the standard firebending forms dictated, however. Instead, I began falling back, my return barrage slowing as I limited myself to one hand and both legs, my left hand collecting a ball of green flame that turned into a stream that I directed to flow around myself as I moved, falling into a modified waterbending kata as I drew him in.

The barrage from Uncle stopped as he closed to hand to hand range and the old man sprung at me in a kick aimed at my head. I raised the wave of green fire over myself to shield and he drew a breath, slapping his palms together and exhaling hard as he tucked his leg back in. Exhaling a stream of fire, Iroh managed to both give himself enough lift to clear the shield and bathe the shield in his orange fire, which was swept away under the weight of the tide.

He landed and I flung my left hand out at him in an arc, sending the entire wave out, expanding and growing taller as it rolled over the deck and threw off flaming droplets. He jumped to clear the wave, then had to counter as I began raining down my own hard and fast barrage as the green wave splashed over the side of the ship and onto the water below, where it continued to burn, like spilled oil. When Iroh landed and found the deck he'd touched down on covered in flames that began to catch his robes, he took another deep breath, then created a much larger fireball. He jumped, slamming the larger fireball into the deck where it exploded. The green flames flickered for a moment before dimming, then going out as they were deprived of oxygen.

Landing in a clear area, Iroh took a moment to cut off the hem of his robe, letting the burning piece fall to the ground before he closed again. This time, I met him head on with fists and feet. The old man outmassed me by almost twice over and had more than thirty years of experience on me. My only saving grace was that he had lost a step or two in letting himself go—he wasn't any weaker, but he was slower. It was enough of an edge to keep him from outright handing me my ass, but only just.

Every punch and kick he threw was shrouded in fire and ended in what should have been a blast that would force me to counter or send me reeling. The look on his face when they did nothing and instead fizzled out as I jerked the chi out of them was priceless. He figured it out when the first chi orb formed over my shoulder, waiting ominously.

Iroh kept a wary eye on the orb as he stopped feeding it, instead switching to purely hand to hand. I grinned and fell back, allowing him to push me—back the direction we had come from as I began collecting the leftover chi hanging in the air, making more orbs as I went. The old man began to sweat as he did the mental math and apparently realized that all of the chi we had just been throwing around, I was collecting and about to rain down on his head. He pushed harder, trying to end the fight decisively, but I was just fast enough to stay a step ahead of him.

I also quickly realized that while I had stamina for days—and more besides, if I started consuming chi orbs—Uncle did not. He hadn't just lost a step in terms of speed, his stamina was diminished as well from what I remembered just a few years ago. He seemed to realize that as well, but his pride wouldn't let him call it quits, and I could tell the warrior in him was curious to see this new type of bending in action.

Deciding to cut the math short, I shot one of the orbs at him and detonated it practically in his face, making him flinch back at the sound and light of it. That gave me a moment to jump back and make space and, by the time his vision cleared, the air was full of little white spheres of chi flying his way. The old man yelped and began to duck, dodge, and weave through the barrage—contorting himself in ways I was pretty sure I heard made bones pop from where I stood.

Finally, the barrage stopped and Uncle stood huffing. He sagged, planting a hand on a knee and holding up the other, signaling for me to stop. "How, huff, about we stop it here," he gasped out.

"But Uncle, I'm not done. Look behind you," I grinned.

Slowly, Uncle turned and looked over his shoulder, where the spheres were looping around from the other side of the deck and coming back at him. "Oh dear."

Chuckling, I jerked my hand up, sending most of them into the air above us and letting them detonate, giving our audience a flashy end to the fight. Bringing one of the orbs down, I absorbed it and sighed as I felt my chi topped off and my capacity stretched just a little. Stretching where I stood as Uncle caught his breath, I asked, "So? What do you think?"

"Give me a moment," he huffed, moving towards the hatch leading inside as everyone began going back in.

"Sir," the lieutenant spoke up, and Uncle sent him a questioning look, "dinner is ready, if our guests would like to join us?"

Uncle perked up at that before nodding. "Yes, of course." Sending a smile towards Yue and Toph, he asked, "Would you be so kind as to humor this old man with your own tales over a meal?"

"Of course!" Yue nodded, beaming a happy smile.

Toph chuckled, nodding. "Sounds good. I was getting hungry enough to see if I could find a kitchen to raid anyway."

"Yeah, don't let her size fool you. She packs away more than me and Yue put together," I shook my head, earning a stuck out tongue from Toph in reply.

"Zuko, you said you had an instrument? Why don't you go get it now? Give me time to talk with them for a minute," Uncle suggested—in that tone that told me he was telling, not asking. Politely, but it wasn't a request.

"Sure. Toph, where'd you leave that flute?"

"It's in my pack," she answered and I nodded, making my way to the stern of the cruiser and jumping off, jet-stepping my way across the distance and landing on the roof of my own boat. Heading inside, I took my time gathering our things, then digging through our spoils before finding the horn I'd promised Uncle.

I did make a note, after digging through Toph's bag, to talk to Yue and do Toph's laundry again. She had a bad habit of letting her dirty clothes just pile up in her pack instead of taking the time to clean them. I got it—sometimes you just wanted to be lazy and not worry about it. But I'd long since gotten to the point where I'd rather just do it and get it taken care of while the task was still small.

I decided to give them a few more minutes before making my way back. I had my suspicions on just what it was Uncle was asking them and I didn't need to be there for that conversation. In all likelihood, he had just come right out and asked what their intentions were. What Yue's plans were specifically, actually.

I was pretty sure that Uncle had her figured out the moment he saw her. I hadn't introduced her as the princess, but I didn't exactly need to. Yue's bearing and presence was enough to give her away. She would never be able to hide what she was. Unlike Toph, who had immediately devolved into a belching, nose picking, ass scratching in public absolute gremlin of a street kid the second we were out of the city, and while she was being polite now that we were in mixed company, she was still much less formal than Yue at her most relaxed.

It was a conversation we'd had more than once and I didn't particularly feel like revisiting it. Instead, I took a few extra minutes to tune my not quite pipa, sort of guitar and make sure it was good to go. When I felt like I couldn't reasonably delay any further, I made my way back onto the cruiser, putting out our instruments where I saw someone had already put out chairs and most of the instruments the crew would be using—apparently, they had themselves nearly a full band here.

Heading inside, I found the officers' mess and entered to the sound of Yue, Toph, Uncle, and Jee laughing. They went quiet as I entered and I raised an eyebrow. "What?"

That got another round of laughter, and given the way Toph pointed at me, I realized Uncle had been telling stories again. Shrugging, I made my way over to the open seat between Toph and Yue. "Look, it was one time and I only did it to make Azula feel better. It's not my fault they thought I looked better in that dress than her."

The room fell silent at that and I began putting food on my plate. After a few moments, Toph asked, "Wait. Hold on. What?"

"Hm? Oh, Uncle wasn't telling that story? Don't worry about it then."

"No~! You can't bring up something like that and then just not tell it! I want to hear it!" Yue protested and Toph nodded.

"Nah, you don't wan to hear that. So anyway, what lies has Uncle been telling you?" I asked and Uncle chuckled.

"Nephew, you hurt my feelings. You know I don't need to lie when the truth is so much more embarrassing," he grinned.

I raised an eyebrow. "More embarrassing than the time you—"

Uncle coughed into his fist. "Ahem. Yes. We promised not to speak of that."

Toph snorted quietly. "Okay, that sounds way too good to pass up."

"Oh, it is. And if Uncle's been telling tales, it's only fair that I return the favor. You see, Uncle only has three weaknesses: tea, food, and women. And when it comes to the third, he is willing to make an absolute fool out of himself."

Taking up his tea cup, Uncle took a sip and nodded. "A good woman makes every man a fool, Zuko."

"Then how is it that it happens so often, Uncle?"

The old man waved away my complaint dismissively. "I was in love!"

"You'd just met her!"

"Sometimes, that's all it takes," he smiled, and Yue nodded sagely. To my surprise, I found even Toph nodding along, but she stopped when she saw I'd noticed.

We ate and talked, sharing stories and laughter over dinner. Eventually, we finished up and made our way outside. The rest of the men soon joined us and after a few moments of checking over instruments, we struck up a tune. Uncle, being the ham he was, had apparently worked out our first song of the night and I rolled my eyes we I realized what it was and began following along.

"Oh, Water Tribe girl with eyes so blue~!"

Yue laughed and clapped and, having made the mistake of encouraging Uncle's shenanigans, he turned to Toph for the next one for a rendition of 'Girls from Ba Sing Se.' "—But the girls in the city, they look so pretty! And they kiss so sweet—"

A hand grabbed my robe and pulled me down, and a moment later Toph's lips were smashed against mine. Her tongue poked into my mouth for a moment before she pulled away and cackled as the crew wolf-whistled. "Was it sweet, Zuko?" she asked, and in the orange light of the fire in the middle of the group, I could see she was blushing.

"I'm not sure. I'd need another to confirm," I teased, and the girl huffed, crossing her arms over her chest.

"You're not supposed to say that," Yue giggled, pulling Toph into a hug. "You're supposed to tell a girl it was the nicest thing you've ever felt."

I rolled my eyes. "Yeah, but that'd just open me up to you asking, 'What about me,' and trying to put me on the spot."

"Mhmm!" Yue and Toph both nodded.

"Why don't you try singing something instead," I rolled my eyes and picked up a tune, which the others quickly joined.

Yue grinned. "I've got hair like the moon above, it shines so bright when I smile for my love…"
I left the girls in bed as I rose early and got dressed. Closing up the cabin, I made my way up to the cruiser and onto the deck, where I found Uncle sitting with tea and breakfast. I joined him and poured myself a cup. We sat in silence as the sky slowly lightened.

"So," I finally asked as the sun peeked over the horizon. "Have you made a decision?"

"Mm," he hummed, taking a sip. "I've earned these gray hairs and scars. I'm not sure I would trade them away, even to have my youth back."

"Uncle," I sighed, sending the stubborn old man a knowing look. I knew what he was thinking, but I didn't want to say it outright and hurt his feelings. Instead, I worked my way around the subject. "You've spent much of your life in the army. On various battlefields. You haven't really had much of a chance to have a life of your own outside that. I just want to return what you've spent on our people. You deserve that much."

"I had my chance, Zuko. I've lived a long, fulfilling life and I've still got many more years left. I like to think it was more happy than sad, and I intend to fill my remaining days with more happiness."

"Damnit," I hissed. Setting my teacup down, I opened my mouth, the words on my tongue—that Lu Ten wouldn't want him to waste away his remaining years alone.

The words died on my lips as I met his knowing gaze. Letting the frustration out in a sigh, I turned away, shifting my gaze back out to the horizon and the rising sun. "If that's what you want, Uncle. The offer stands."

Uncle chuckled quietly and his hand reached out, patting my shoulder. "You're a good son, Zuko."

He put his own cup down and stood, cracking his back. "Come. Let's begin."

"Did we miss it?" Yue called as I stood, and I turned to see her and Toph approaching from the rear of the boat.

"We're just starting," Uncle grinned as we moved away from the table and settled into our stances. Humming, the old man stroked his beard for a moment as we prepared. "All we need now is an airbender."

"…I might know where we can find one. Or at least start looking."
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.
Now with Discord!​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:VialLemon, Voltrasin, Tobie42 and 2,063 others
sinereal
Oct 31, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 25
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
Jan 25, 2025
Add bookmark
#3,419
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
25

Commissioned by Lord Belly.

As it turned out, dropping the revelation that I might know where to find the Avatar had required some answers on my part. So, I'd given them the explanation I came up with, and my excuse for not going straight there and breaking him out of the ice, assuming that's where he was.

"So, he fled around the night of the massacre, but probably not on it. We know what temple he was staying at. There are only a few explanations for why he would have disappeared for all this time and why we haven't seen another Avatar since. The first being, of course, that he died and somehow it stuck. The second, that he ran away and hid. The third option is that he physically journeyed to the spirit world. The other option is that he was crippled, trapped, or otherwise incapacitated but not killed and he hasn't reached the end of his life yet. If we assume it's the fourth option, we need to look at why that was. History tells us that it was typhoon season around the time of Sozin's Comet, so it stands to reason, he might have been injured in a typhoon. If we knew his starting position and where in the area there was a typhoon at the time, we can reasonably guess his potential course and from there determine where he might have gone down, and set up a search grid. And for that, we need historical records. I know of one place that is almost sure to have those records. The library, hidden somewhere in the Si Wong Desert."

So it was decided that we would first be doing something to help with the pirate situation, then making our way to the desert to try and dig up information on storms around that time to give me an excuse to move the search grid down south and luck my way into finding Aang… assuming I could. Uncle wanted to visit the library as well, so I promised that after we went to ask the local Earth King for aid, we'd come back and pick him up for that trip.

Unfortunately, as much as I'd like to spend a few days catching up with Uncle, we really did need to get a move on. So, we agreed to come find him again after seeing the Earth King and help more directly with the pirate issue. Yue hadn't liked the sound of that, but she'd kept quiet as we packed our things and took to the sky, heading for Omashu.

Taking out my map, I planned our route and adjusted course slightly more to the north. "So, Omashu is here," I tapped the map, "but it's situated on a mountain in the Kolau mountain range. If we come in during the daytime, they're going to see us approaching for miles off. Our best bet is to circle around behind it and approach from the north, at night, then set down on a neighboring mountain out of sight. Toph, do you think you can make a cave or something to hide the ship and seal it up so we can leave it and approach on foot?"

The girl studied the map through her blindfold and nodded. "Sure. It shouldn't be a problem. But it'd be better to just sink it. Land, then I lower it underground, then put up a stone ceiling above it, then cover that with dirt. Easier than trying to move it in and out of a cave, right?"

I chuckled. "Whatever you think is easier. I was going to rely on Yue to use some water to move it. Yue?"

The white haired girl hummed, looking up distractedly. "What? Oh! Sorry. My mind was elsewhere. Um," she thought back for a moment and nodded. "Toph's idea sounds better."

"Are you alright?" I asked, and Yue bit her lip, before shaking her head.

"I can't help but worry that this is our fault," she admitted, then sighed. "No. My fault. We attacked the pirates and destroyed their base, but we only scattered them. Could this be their retribution for that? Is it even the same group of pirates? I don't know."

Toph and I shared a look before the earthbender shrugged. I turned back to Yue. "It's possible. We knew there would be consequences of hitting the pirates and not finishing the job."

Yue winced. "You said there would," she murmured. "But I still believe I made the right choice. What if it's just a coincidence?"

"Could be," I agreed. "Only way we're going to be able to tell is if we capture and interrogate some pirates. There's no point to worrying over it right now."

Studying my face for a while, she finally asked, "You're going to hunt and kill them, aren't you?"

"Duh," Toph rolled her eyes. "Can't leave guys like that to roam around!" She gestured towards the coast in the distance. "You've seen what they'll do if they're just left unchecked! The only way to stop it is permanently."

Quieter, I asked, "What do you want to do about them?"

Sighing, Yue brushed a strand of hair out of her face that the wind had pushed in front of her eyes. "Can't we just capture them and turn them over to Earth Kingdom forces?"

I opened my mouth, but Toph beat me to it. "Uh, Yue, what do you think the Earth Kingdom is gonna do to them?"

Yue winced. "Execute them?"

"Yup," Toph confirmed, and Yue made a quiet, distressed sound. "Well, that, or enslave them and make them work off their debt. Either/or. Bumi's got a few screws loose, but he's not crazy. He's gonna do whatever he feels is best for this part of the Earth Kingdom."

"There's no good answer as to what we should do about them," I shook my head. "We have the ability to do something, but that doesn't mean we have the responsibility. We have the fastest ship in the world at the moment. We can fly and do reconnaissance for miles further than anyone else can. We have people here who can handle nearly any group of pirates we come across, at least so long as it's individual ships. If we do run across something we can't handle, we have backup in the form of a Fire Nation cruiser, some firebenders, and Uncle. We have two healers who can handle any wounded and an earthbender who can provide temporary shelters to anyone who's been hit by them, if we want to provide relief instead. Thing is, we're better suited to hunting down and dealing with the problem before it spreads further and does more damage, than we are to running everywhere they've hit and helping. We'd do more good that way. Better to stop the firebug than try to put out all the fires he's making."

"I don't… I don't think we should be the ones deciding who lives and who dies, or turning people into slaves," Yue murmured.

"Even when those people are murderers and slavers themselves?" Toph scoffed, and Yue frowned.

"That doesn't make it right."

"But you're okay with turning them over to the authorities, who will?" I asked, and she shook her head. "Then what?"

"I don't know," she sighed.

Toph opened her mouth, but I laid a hand on her arm and cut her off. "Well, there's no point going through this again. Let's just focus on getting to Omashu and speaking with Bumi. We'll decide what to do then."

Yue blew out an annoyed breath, but nodded. Moving closer, she pressed herself into my side. "I'm sorry. I know I'm being difficult."

"You're fine just how you are. Better than deciding every problem is a nail to be hammered down."

"Yeah, what about me?" Toph asked, pressing into my other side.

I chuckled. "You're easy. Problems are for smashing," I sent her a grin and Toph rolled her eyes, sticking her tongue out.

"No but seriously, compliment me too!"

"So that's what it looks like from above," Toph mused as we came in from the north and descended slowly.

The night was thankfully overcast, with only a sliver of moon peeking out. Just in case however, Yue was creating a blanket of fog around us as we descended to a nearby mountain—in sight of Omashu, but it didn't look traveled. Below and ahead of us, Omashu sat on top of a mountain, carved—or shaped—into the top of it as a series of pyramidal structures surrounded by a large wall, with only a single path leading in. We couldn't make out many details from here, but that was good because it meant that they probably couldn't see us at all, especially not obscured by a cloud as we were.

We dipped down, putting the mountain peak between us and Omashu. When we reached ground level, Toph hopped out and the ground rumbled.

"Okay, lower it down slowly," she called, and I eased open the vent on the balloon. "A little more, little more… Okay!"

The ship thumped, shifting slightly, before it settled. I bled out the rest of the air and Yue and I hopped up on top and began rolling the balloon up and putting it away under the light of a few of my chi orbs. As we did, the ship shook under our feet and we had the sensation of slowly sinking. Soon enough, I looked up and saw we had slipped below ground level. Once we were a bit deeper, Toph hopped down onto the deck to join us.

We finished up securing everything outside and headed into the cabin, grabbing our packs. Looking around, Yue asked, "Do you think we should bring a gift? It's typically polite when meeting with royalty."

"Only if you're trying to suck up," Toph snorted.

"That depends. If you're someone's subject, it's not out of the ordinary. If you're a visiting dignitary, then you can, but it would be something culturally appropriate, either to the nation you're visiting or from your own home. If someone from the Earth Kingdom were to visit the Fire Nation, they might bring a painting of the Fire Islands, for instance, but they might also bring a fine Earth Kingdom steel sword. But we're not really either of those. We're just messengers, coming to ask for help. And I doubt King Bumi is the kind of guy who cares about that."

"Mm. He's not," Toph shook her head.

"No gift, then," Yue nodded.

Once we were sure we had everything, we locked up and I spot welded the hatch just in case. Then, we leapt out of the hole and Toph sealed the top with a slab of stone, before covering the whole thing over with dirt. Then, we made our way quickly down the mountain, into the valley and up a neighboring mountain. We had spotted the road leading to the city from the air, so we pushed through the the night to get there.

The terrain was extremely rocky and dry, with most of the mountain tops being bare, save for a few snow covered peaks on the tallest mountains. The valleys were sparse, but there was vegetation and tree cover, the occasional stream or pond, and game to hunt. It reminded me a bit of the eastern side of the Rocky Mountains back on Earth, in some places.

Finally, after winding around and disguising where we'd come from so as to not lead anyone directly back to the ship, we made it to the road. We set up camp well back from the road itself, but there was really nothing we could do about being exposed other than having Toph create a bit of cover and some alarms for us in the form of a thin layer of ground that would crack loudly when stepped on for a hundred yards around our camp.

I didn't like it, given just how many people were around. The road was packed with bedraggled refugees clustered in little groups, huddled around campfires here and there, along with the occasional trader. Yue took them in in the dark and I could see her heart breaking as she wanted to go help them, but forced herself to stay with us.

I let the girls get some sleep while I kept watch most of the night. Just before sunup, only four or so hours after turning in, Yue woke up and relieved me, and I was able to get a few hours of sleep. The next morning, we broke camp and took to the road, just another small group of travelers starting to move on their way to Omashu.

We had joined the trail about half a day's walk from the city, coming in behind a supply caravan bearing the familiar winged boar of Toph's family. For the most part, we kept silent as we approached—now that we could see the state of the people around us, the mood was a bit too somber for conversation. Yue looked like she wanted to cry and Toph just looked angry—and I couldn't blame them. The pirates had not been kind to these people, and the trek from the coast to Omashu wasn't an easy one.

Listening in to the conversations around us, it became apparent that the local bandits had learned what was going on and deciding to pile on more shit, they had gone around taking what little many of these people had managed to save, then when they didn't have enough to satisfy them, took their anger out on the women for the most part. Between whatever wounds they had taken during the pirate raids, the march, the bandits, the rapes, and the fact that these people just hadn't been prepared to survive in the wild so most of them hadn't been able to hunt and provide for themselves, many of them had died along the way and those that didn't were looking pretty starved.

As we approached the gates, Yue finally broke the silence. "I want to hurry to the palace and see King Bumi."

"Nunuh. It doesn't work like that," Toph shook her head. "Maybe where you're from any stranger off the street can demand an audience with your leaders, but not here."

Yue let out a frustrated noise. "It doesn't," she murmured. "How does it work, then?"

"Heh heh! Just leave it to me! You have no idea how much you lucked out, that I decide to come with, you know?" the earthbender grinned.

"Realistically, how long do you think it'll take?" I asked Toph, and her smug grin dropped off as she turned considering.

"A day or two, probably. We always get high priority when we visit. It's not that King Bumi is being a jerk about it or anything, just that the guy's busy. Also, uh… don't piss him off. This whole city is his domain."

Yue sent Toph a confused look. "He rules the city. Of course it's his domain."

Toph shook her head. "No, I mean, he's made the city his. He's an earthbender. He's old and really strong. The ground below us, the stone making up the buildings and structures, all of it is full of decades worth of his chi. The whole mountain is a weapon he could bring down on someone's head if they threatened it. I did the same thing back home, with our family estate. He's just had a lot longer to do it. He may act like a kooky old man, but he's the most dangerous thing in this city."

"Well then it's a good thing we don't intend to start trouble," I shook my head as we advanced in line.

After a few more minutes, the caravan ahead of us passed through and the guards to either side of the gates waved us forward. Looking us over, it only took a moment for the one who appeared to be in charge to say, "You don't look like refugees."

"We're not. We're—" Yue began, only for Toph to cut her off, holding out her family seal.

"Oh! Ms. Beifong! The caravan ahead of you didn't tell us you were traveling with them!" the man's attitude changed immediately as he realized he was dealing with someone important, not just another traveler.

"That's cause we're not," she grinned, tucking the document away in her robe's belt. Leaning in, she lowered her voice, forcing the guard to lean in. "I'm traveling on vacation with my friends, but I want to do a surprise inspection of our holdings here in Omashu. If those guys knew, they'd just tell them we were coming, then the surprise inspection wouldn't be a surprise anymore, would it?"

The guard chuckled, nodding. "I see. Very well. I suggest sticking to the upper quarters. The lower quarter is where we're housing the refugees and while we're patrolling heavily, we weren't expecting this many people."

"Yeah? What's King Bumi doing about it?" Toph asked, and the man shrugged.

"What he can, I imagine. We've set up temporary housing and have begun distributing food. I'm sure that if the Beifong family would like to contribute, our king would be grateful."

Toph nodded. "I'll arrange a meeting to speak with him about it and see what we can do."

"That would be most appreciated. Please enjoy your stay in Omashu, Ms. Beifong and friends," the guard bowed, then waved us through.

We passed through the gate and into the city proper. Toph turned an expectant look on us, looking particularly smug as she waited.

Reaching out, I patted her head and the girl lit up with a blush. "I'm impressed. Good job."

"Yes, you handled it well," Yue chuckled, taking Toph's arm in hers and pulling her along. "Which way to the castle?"

"Uh," Toph had to take a moment to get her bearings, and fight down the blush. "It's this way!"

Shaking my head, I followed after the pair. Hopefully, getting in to see Bumi would be just as easy, but somehow, I doubted it.
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.
Now with Discord!​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:VialLemon, Voltrasin, Tobie42 and 1,797 others
sinereal
Jan 25, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 26 New
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
Feb 15, 2025
Add bookmark
#3,507
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
26
Commissioned by jblake.
After stopping by the castle for Toph to request a formal meeting for us, we checked into our hotel and paid for a week in advance. Then, we got settled in and spent some time cleaning up and washing off the road dirt. With nothing to do until the meeting but kill time, we decided to relax a bit first, then see the sights—something Toph was most eager for, as she'd be truly seeing them for the first time even though she'd been here before.

Shared baths had become the norm by now, so the girls wouldn't hear it when I suggested we separate. I personally just wanted some private time—a man has needs and it was hard to take care of those on the road, when one of your traveling companions could see what you were doing through the ground. Also, I figured the girls might want a break from me, or each other.

It turns out, I was wrong, and we spent most of the afternoon just soaking and sitting quietly, relaxing together in the hot water and just talking over a pot of tea. Afterwards, we took a short nap before heading out into the city as the sun set, allowing Toph to go out without her blindfold. For a while, we just explored, taking in the sights of this part of the city as Toph acted as our tour guide.

"It's pretty," the earthbender murmured, head turning this way and that as she tried to take in everything at once. "I remember there was a nice place my parents took us to, where we got food. I think it's this way."

It didn't take long before we found the place—a large, two story building that pretty much radiated wealth. I cast a glance at Toph. "Toph, how expensive was this place?"

"Uh," she hemmed, frowning. "I don't think anyone ever said. Actually, I don't remember ever hearing a number given. Pretty sure we own the place." Shrugging, she grinned and put an arm in Yue's, then marched forward, her stone shoes clacking on the stone path below us as she pulled the taller princess along. "Let's go find out!"

I got the door for the two ladies and followed them inside, where a man who looked to be in his twenties, wearing Earth Kingdom green and gold robes and standing at a podium near the door frowned upon taking us in. I was dressed fairly casually and playing the part of visible bodyguard, but the girls had done themselves up a bit—nothing too outrageous thankfully, but they definitely looked good. In other words, we didn't look like we were too poor to be in a place like this.

"Ladies, sir, I am afraid that the Flying Boar does not take walk-in guests off the street," he sent us a polite service smile that didn't reach past his lips. "If you would like to make a reservation, I would be happy to take your names and put you on our list. I believe we have a spot open some time next month."

Yeah, and I'm pretty sure that if we actually wait that long and come back, our reservation will unfortunately have been 'misplaced,' but we'll be able to reserve a spot for the next month. Rinse and repeat until we get the message.

Toph laughed, shaking her head and pulling out her papers. "Permanent reservation under Beifong."

The man frowned, before darting his hand out to snatch the papers. Toph pulled them back and slipped them back under her robe. "Where did you steal that from?"

"It's mine," Toph rolled her eyes. "I'm Toph Beifong."

The man scoffed. "If you're going to pretend to be related to the Beifong family, you shouldn't choose someone like the heiress to impersonate. She would never be here without her family, because she's blind. You are neither here with her family, nor do you appear to be visually impaired. Perhaps you should leave, before I call the city guard?"

The ground trembled slightly under our feet as Toph's eye began to twitch, her fists curling at her side. Yue winced, pulling her arm out of Toph's and putting it around her shoulder. "Come on, let's just go. There's no reason to escalate—"

Toph ignored Yue as the taller girl tried to pull her towards the door, locking her feet in place and becoming immobile. "Get me your boss."

"I won't be doing that. We don't trouble him with whatever rabble comes in off the street. Last chance. Leave, or I call the guard."

The shorter girl opened her mouth, only to yelp when I scooped her up and threw her over a shoulder. "Zuko! Put me down!"

"Hush," I warned her, smacking her ass beside my head for good measure. She fell silent and stilled, and I knew I'd probably pay for that one later. Looking to what I guessed was equivalent to some sort of maitre de/head waiter, I asked, "What was your name?"

"Worth more than the likes of you."

I nodded, message received. "Okay then. Girls, we're going."

I carried Toph out, Yue walking along beside us and closing the sliding door behind us. As soon as we were outside, a pair of hands grabbed my ass and squeezed. A sound like a yelp might have escaped as I dropped Toph, who landed on her feet with a laugh. "What was that for?"

"You started it," she snorted, taking a moment to straighten out her robe. "Ugh. That guy was an asshole!"

"Perhaps, but he wasn't necessarily wrong, either. It would be suspicious to see the blind heiress traveling alone and seemingly cured," Yue pointed out, to which Toph huffed.

"Don't care. We're stopping by and talking to the people running this branch of the business for my family. He's getting his ass busted back to bus boy. He'll be washing dishes for the next twenty years," Toph grumbled as I put a hand on her back and pushed her along, Yue on her other side, as we moved down the street.

"Let's just find somewhere else to eat and worry about it tomorrow," I chuckled, spotting what looked like a decent place just down the street and guiding Toph in that direction.

"How can you not be angry about this? You saw he looked down on us!" Toph complained, genuine upset in her voice.

"First time?" I asked, and she paused, before jerkily nodding. "If I took you two to my home and started throwing around who I was, I wouldn't be too surprised if someone eventually called bullshit, papers or no. And remember, we're trying to travel incognito. The only reason you get to flash that thing around right now is because it's convenient for getting us in to see Bumi. Don't get used to it. There are going to be places where the doors are just closed to us, without revealing who we are."

Toph made a frustrated sound, but slowly nodded. "Fine."

Rubbing her back, which caused her to lean into my side, I continued, "And a little petty revenge never hurt anyone. We can screw with this guy a bit officially, but in the future, you should limit yourself to small inconveniences."

Toph grinned. "I've got some experience with that," she chuckled.

"I almost feel bad for anyone who got on your bad side," Yue giggled as we made our way into what looked and smelled like some kind of deep fried food.

We enjoyed sharing our meals with each other, trading bits back and forth as we tried a bit of everything on each others' plates. Dessert was a light, cold tapioca pudding. We paid and left, walking around a bit to let our food settle, before making our way back to the hotel for the night.
The next morning, someone knocked at the door to our hotel as we were getting ready for the day. I cracked the door open to find a messenger wearing a guard uniform—though his was a bit different from those we'd seen around town. "Good morning. Can I help you…?"

"Is Ms. Beifong present?"

I turned and called, "Toph," waving her over. She came over and swapped places with me. After a quick conversation, he handed her a scroll and left. She turned back and grinned.

"Alright! We're going to see King Bumi!"

"When?" I asked, dropping into a seat on the room's one bed as Yue looked up from where she was still brushing out her bed hair.

"Just after lunch," she answered, waving the scroll, before tucking it up her sleeve.

"That's good news," Yue sighed. "We have a few hours before we need to be there. Can… can we go down and see the refugees?"

Toph and I traded a look, before the earthbender shrugged. I sent Yue a smile. "Sure. Just be careful. And keep an eye out for pickpockets."

Yue rolled her eyes. "I don't think they're going to steal from someone helping them."

Toph laughed out loud and Yue pouted, turning a hurt look on the shorter girl before looking at me. I shook my head and got up. "If we're ready, let's go. We'll go have a look around, then get lunch before we go see Bumi."

We left the hotel and made our way out into the city, backtracking to the district the gate guard had to avoid. The change was like night and day. Our surroundings went from a clean city obviously cared for by benders, with nice homes and businesses, hanging decorations, and strategically placed plants and flowers, to an area that was bare stone, rough, dirty, cracked buildings and streets, stinking of human waste, and even darker as it seemed to be in the shade of the other buildings around it and the exterior city wall, all sitting at a higher level. This place probably wasn't all that great or well cared for before, but now the streets were filled with beggars, homeless, people huddled close together or eyeing each other and us all warily.

Yue was undaunted, however, as she took the lead and pressed further down the shadowed street. Eventually we came to a square and she looked around. Turning to Toph, she asked, "Can you make us a little building?"

Nodding, Toph took a moment to turn the stone in part of the square over, grinding the filth away between layers of stone, before a simple square structure sprang up from the ground. Four walls, a roof, diamond shaped windows to let in light with stone slats, and a doorway and a sliding stone door made up the outside. Inside were benches for sitting in one room, while the other—accessed by a thin sliding stone door—had a bench and a waist high table just big enough for an adult to lie on. There were places for torches for lights in both rooms, empty for the moment.

"How's that?" Toph asked as we stepped inside and inspected it. "I've seen the inside of a few clinics. Well, not seen, but you know," she trailed off with a shrug.

Yue pulled the shorter girl into a hug. "It's perfect! Thank you."

We stepped back outside and Yue took a deep breath, before calling, "Everyone! I'm a waterbender," she opened her bending water skin and twirled water around her body to demonstrate. "If anyone is sick or has injuries that need tending, please come see me. I won't ask for anything in return!"

At the skeptical looks of those around, Toph quickly added, "But whatever you can give is fine!"

Yue sent a sharp look at Toph, but that seemed to set the crowd in the square more at ease and, a moment later, a young woman—maybe a few years older than us—approached. Quietly, she said, "I, on the road, I was…" Yue took her by the hand and led her inside with a soft smile, and we heard the interior door close.

"Looks like we're going to be here a while," I pointed out as people slowly began standing and warily approaching.

Toph sighed and stomped the ground, raising a porch around the front of the building and creating a bench against the outer wall. We took a seat and she pressed herself into my side, turning around and leaning back against me as she propped her feet up on the bench and rested her arms in her lap. Glancing back towards the people approaching, she called, "Form a line and state your problem. The healer will see you by how bad the problem is. If you're bleeding, something's broken, infected, or you've got a fever, front of the line."

The first to make it over was a man holding his stomach. I gave him a nod and asked, "What's wrong?"

"Got stabbed in the stomach by a bandit just before we made it into the city yesterday evening. It, it hurts bad. Bandaged it, but I don't feel great."

I bounced to my feet, causing Toph to squawk as she fell back onto the bench, and grabbed him by the shoulder, dragging him in. "Yue, drop what you're doing! Gut wound takes priority!"

"It's okay, I was just finishing up," Yue opened the door to the other room and the woman hurried out, blushing but wearing a smile. I pushed the man inside and Yue took over. "Please sit on the table."

"So… she's the real deal?" another woman in the crowd was asking the one who had just left.

I tuned out their conversation as the woman practically gushed over how Yue had helped her. Toph sat up and I took my seat again, and this time she dropped her head into my lap—apparently deciding I made a good pillow. I reached down and began idly petting her hair as another man came up with an obvious broken hand, looking swollen and purple.

"Can't work like this," he chuckled.

I nodded and jerked a thumb towards the door. "Go have a seat and wait your turn."

The next few hours passed by quickly as Yue took care of the worst of them. Until finally, the area brightened as the sun peeked out overhead—having gotten high enough to be seen between the wall and the other buildings. I gave Toph's head one final scratch before telling her, "Go get Yue, would you? We'll need to go soon. We can come back this evening if she wants."

Toph sighed. "But I'm comfy."

"And how's it gonna look if we're late to the meeting we scheduled, with the king?" I gently pointed out.

Toph blew out an annoyed sigh. "Yeah, okay, fine. …Pick this up later?"

I laughed. "Sure."

She beamed a happy smile and hopped up, making her way inside. "Yue! We need to go or we'll be late!"

"But, but I'm not done," Yue protested.

I could hear the eye roll in Toph's voice. "We can come back later."

Yue sighed, and a moment later I heard her apologizing to the people already waiting, before stepping outside. "Everyone! I'm sorry, but we have to go meet with King Bumi to try to get you some more help! I'll be back soon, though, I promise!" People looked disappointed, but it seemed most of them were willing to stick around and wait, as many of them just sat down where they had stood in line.

I stood and the three of us left, making our way out of the too narrow street with eyes on us the entire time—though this time, it felt like the attitude behind most of those gazes had changed, as they looked at Yue with hope, instead of looking at our entire group with suspicion. We hurried through the market district, stopping only long enough to get some barbecued skewers and tea for a quick lunch, before hoofing it to the castle.

Toph pulled the scroll she'd been given out of her sleeve and presented it at the gate. "Toph Beifong and friends to see King Bumi."

The guard took the scroll and looked it over, before nodding and gesturing for us to follow. "This way. I know I don't have to tell you Miss Beifong, but for the benefit of your guests, please mind your manners."

"Don't worry. Yue's a princess and Zuko is nobility. They do the 'manners' thing better than me," Toph grinned. "I'll probably say something dumb and get us in trouble. Maybe he wants to spar. It's been a while since I've had a good fight with an earthbender who doesn't suck."

"Please don't." Quieter, the guard added, "The king is very bored and everyone here either respects him too much to challenge him or is afraid of him, so he'll take any excuse he's given."

I reached out and laid a hand on Toph's shoulder. "Don't worry, we'll keep her out of trouble."

"As much as we can," Yue giggled on Toph's other side as the shorter girl grinned.

"That does not reassure me," the guard sighed.

Soon enough, we were shown to what looked to my eye like an audience hall. The door closed behind us and, looking around, I noticed a distinct lack of guards.

Then again, it's Bumi. He doesn't exactly need them, I mused as we made our way down the hall towards the throne, where an old man sat with a wide grin on his face. His hair and beard were wild and white with age and deep, purple bags were heavy under his eyes—but those eyes were still a bright green that held a calculating, intelligent gaze. For all that he looked like someone's doddering old grandfather, the one who just didn't give a fuck anymore so would say whatever was on his mind but half the time that mind was stuck fifty years in the past… that was a ruse. He might be a bit off, but all of his faculties were clearly still intact.

Beside me, Toph looked more uncomfortable the closer we got. Turning a look on her, I asked, "You okay?"

"The old fart's trying to collapse the ground under us and I'm fighting against it. And if he doesn't stop, I'm gonna knock him off that throne!" Toph growled the last loud enough for the old man in question to hear.

Bumi laughed, slapping his knee, and Toph relaxed as whatever he was doing apparently stopped. "An earthbender, a waterbender, and a firebender walk into a bar…"

"They should've ducked," I answered reflexively, and the old man laughed harder.

Sighing, Toph reached up and pulled off her blindfold. "Wow. I can finally see your ugly face and I kind of wish I couldn't."

"That's no way to talk to your elders," Bumi glared at her, but there was little heat in it. "So what happened? Got your eyes fixed and your parents were still trying to kept you wrapped in cotton?"

"Kind of the other way around," Toph admitted. "I made some friends. Took over the Earth Rumble in Gaoling. Found out my parents were planning to marry me off and hold onto the family business while waiting for our kids to get old enough to take over, cause they don't trust me to run it. So I ran away. We're on vacation."

"Mm. And are you going to introduce me to your friends, or keep being rude?" Bumi asked, raising an eyebrow.

"I can do both, you senile old coot," Toph snorted.

"Toph!" Yue gasped, going wide-eyed. "She didn't mean that—"

Bumi laughed again and I sighed. "Don't bother, Yue. We've been played." I turned a look on Toph, to find her grinning up at me. "It's obvious these two have met in a less formal setting before."

"Well, it was kinda hard to hide what I was doing when we visited. He figured out I was an earthbender and was using the ground to sense pretty quick. I picked up a few tricks when we visited and have been working on them since."

"She was a precocious little brat sneaking out of her hotel when her parents went to sleep so she could go run scams on the local criminal element!" Bumi grinned. "I was ready to step in and keep 'em from roughing her up, when the reality was, I almost needed to step in to keep her from roughing them up too much!"

Yue's eyes narrowed into a glare at Toph. "So you were playing a prank on us?"

"Yep!" the little gremlin leered.

"We can get her back later," I assured Yue.

"Anyway!" Toph clapped. "These are Yue and Zuko. She's the princess of the Northern Water Tribe and he's—"

"Prince Zuko," Bumi nodded, and I raised an eyebrow. "What? I'm old, not senile. And your country likes to brag. They announced it the day you and your sister were born, and you're just old enough to be him. Besides, you look like Iroh when he was younger."

"Of course you've met Uncle," I sighed, and the old man nodded. "Lemme guess, if we play a game of Pai Sho, you'll probably kick my ass unless I open with the white lotus."

"Why don't we get out a board and find out, young man? It's been a while since I've played anyone who hasn't just let me win."

I shrugged. "Sure. We can do that later if you like. Before that though, we did come here for a reason," I said, before looking to Yue and sending her an encouraging smile.

Biting her lip, Yue nodded and stepped forward, bowing deeply at the waist. "King Bumi, we come before you seeking aid. Not for ourselves, but for your people!"

"Hoh?" he asked, reaching up and stroking his beard. "And what sort of aid would that be?"

"I'm sure that by now you're aware of the refugees coming to Omashu," Yue continued. "These are just the first of many! There is a line of people from villages that have been looted, pillaged, and burned by pirates marching here this very moment, from all up and down the coast. From nearly as far south as Gaoling. They have little, and what little they have is taken from them by bandits harassing them on the roads. Those that make it here are tired, hungry, sick, wounded, and many of the women have been assaulted. Many of your people are going to die if they don't get help soon!"

Bumi sighed, slumping in his throne as his jovial attitude fell away. "Oh please do stand up straight. I hate it when people bow," he grumbled, waving a hand at Yue. Shifting his gaze to Toph, he asked, "All the way to Gaoling, huh?"

"Pretty much. We've seen it ourselves. There have to be thousands of them. It seems like every village on the coast has been hit. The entire coast is just a line of smoke from burning villages," Toph confirmed. She stomped a foot and a bench rose up behind us. She dropped into a seat and Yue and I followed. "We met Zuko's Uncle and it seems like the Fire Nation are aware and sending ships to help, because a lot of those villages are mixed, but we've got no idea how many ships we're talking about and, well…"

"My people aren't exactly welcome in the Earth Kingdom," I finished for her. "So even if they showed up with material aid, chances are most people who weren't already from those Fire Nation settlements are going to turn it down. There's definitely a fleet in the area, since they tend to patrol the Fire Nation port cities on the coast to make sure those don't get raided, but there's a chance that they've just pulled in to defend those and decided that Earth Kingdom villages are an Earth Kingdom problem."

"Mm," Bumi hummed, stroking his beard again. "It's worse than I thought. I sent runners to determine how bad it was and they seemed to believe we were nearing the end of them."

"There are large gaps between some of the groups," Yue supplied. "But I promise, there are a hundred times as many coming as have already arrived. Omashu will be drowned in a flood of people if something isn't done."

"Yes, and we don't want that," Bumi mused. "There aren't enough supplies for that many people, even if I tap into the city's reserves. That many sick and wounded people crammed so closely together, sickness is sure to take root and spread among them like wildfire, then into the rest of the city. Not to mention, we just don't have the room for that many people in the city. We're on a mountaintop you know! Space is limited, unless we start digging down and expanding."

Leaning back in his throne, he frowned, crossing his arms as he thought it over. "The problem is, even if I dispatch people to bring relief and take care of the bandits, the pirates are still a problem. I don't like the idea relying only on the Fire Navy to handle them—as you said, there's every chance they won't."

"If you can't do anything about them, then don't," I suggested. "Focus on what you can deal with. It seems to me like this is a problem that can be solved with manpower, instead of just throwing money or resources at it and hoping it sorts itself out."

The old man grinned. "Oh? Let's hear it then. How would you handle it, if you were sitting where I am?"

I nodded. "This is the Earth Kingdom. You've got a surplus of earthbenders, right? Even just here in Omashu, you've probably got a few hundred who aren't part of the guard. Why not offer work? See who wants to volunteer to go help. Offer decent pay. They go out with a few guards and intercept the refugees. Most of them are just fishermen—no benders in their number, or they could've stopped the pirates. Build a simple village for them. Maybe help them gather some supplies so they can start rebuilding their boats that were stolen or burned. If you send teams like that, you can leapfrog them. One team stops to help one group, one team moves on further down the coast and helps the next. The first team finishes, passes by the second team, stops the next group, repeats the process, and so on. Deal with any bandits they come across along the way, of course. Make sure the villages are walled off and harder for pirates to assault. It solves the issue of refugees swarming Omashu, takes care of the bandit trouble, makes it harder for pirates to raid them in the future, and earns you the goodwill of basically everyone on the coast."

"And am I supposed to feed and clothe all of them too?" Bumi asked, raising an eyebrow.

Toph spoke up before I could. "The Beifong family will help provide relief. I'll speak with our local branch and send a letter off to my parents, but I'm the heiress and I'm here now, so I can make the call. We'll provide material and food aid and see if we can source carpenters and other skilled workers to help. In exchange, and in lieu of payment, we will require guards for our supply caravans providing that relief and will expect some benefits in the future. One thing I know my parents have been complaining about are taxes. Some sort of permanent decrease in taxes would be ideal."

Yue and I blinked, looking at Toph like she'd just grown a second head. Reaching out, Yue placed a hand on Toph's forehead. "Are you okay?"

"Huh?" Toph asked, confused.

I forced myself to keep a straight face as I asked, "Who are you and what have you done with our lovable idiot?"

Toph sighed, rolling her eyes as she elbowed me in the side and pushed Yue's hand away. "Shut up~. Just because I enjoy smashing my problems, doesn't mean I can't use my brain!"

"Okay, it's her," Yue sighed, smiling.

Bumi spoke up before we could devolve into bickering and/or flirting. "Well, if you can manage that much, I'll approve it and send people out. I'll need it in writing."

"Right," Toph straightened, nodding. "I'll have my people draw up a formal contract and leave the right spaces empty so we can fill in what we need to. It'll probably take a day or two."

Bumi nodded. "It will take that long at least to work through all the political nonsense involved in mobilizing a relief effort and convincing them that the information is good. Though, I have to ask, if you've seen miles of them coming as you've said, and yet you're here before all but the second wave… How did you get here this quickly, from Gaoling? Even taking a ship would have taken more time, and the raiding didn't start that long ago."

The three of us exchanged looks. Yue looked pensive, while Toph simply shrugged, deciding to leave it up to me. Nodding, I sent Bumi a grin. "Funny story, that. We actually sent another group of refugees this way ourselves, not long ago—but they haven't made it here yet and won't for a while. The short version is that a very smart man invented a means of traveling through the air. He was being held prisoner by the Fire Nation and being forced to develop weapons for them. I helped him complete the design, so he built a prototype for himself and his people to flee, and helped build a second one for me and Yue. We have a ship that lets us fly. It runs off of coal and the same sort of boiler engine Fire Nation ships use, but instead of using propellers to move water, they move air. It's very fast and lets us fly over forests and mountains, or along coasts."

Bumi's mouth fell open for a moment, before he laughed. "I'd love to see it. But I think that if you brought it here, my advisors would work behind my back to take it and turn it over to Ba Sing Se, to turn the tide of the war effort. Well then, I just won't mention that part. I'll tell them you came in with the latest trade caravan." Nodding to himself, he looked to Toph. "If you'll go put your foot in your people's butts and get them moving on this, I'll do the same."

Toph popped up and Yue and I quickly followed. "Alright! We'll be back once we've got something hammered out, old man!"

"I'll let the guards know to expect you," he confirmed.

"Ah," Yue spoke up, and our gazes turned towards her. "One other thing?"

"Yes? What is it?" Bumi asked.

"We built a little clinic in the lower district, where I've been treating patients. Is that okay?"

"Certainly! By all means, if you want to help, the land and the space is yours for as long as you want them. If you'd like, I can arrange to have guards accompany you and make sure things stay civil."

Yue hemmed, then shook her head. "I don't think that's necessary. They're already skittish of strangers and I think guards would do more to keep them away. I'll be fine with Zuko and Toph. Thank you, King Bumi."

"You're quite welcome. If there's anything you need for that clinic, don't hesitate to ask. I'll make it happen."

Yue nodded and when we left, it was with a huge smile on her face. We stepped out of the castle into sunlight and she turned her smile on us. "I'll go back to the clinic and get to work while you handle things on Toph's end."

"It's fine, I can take care of it," Toph shook her head, giving me a push in Yue's direction. "Go with her and I'll catch up."

"I'll be fine," Yue rolled her eyes. "I think they'll be more comfortable if it's just me. Please?"

Toph and I exchanged a knowing look, before I sighed and nodded. "Alright. Go on ahead. I'll go with Toph and we'll come by when we're done."

"Thank you!" Yue beamed, before turning and hurrying away.

Toph waited until she was out of earshot before asking, "You're not really letting her go alone, are you?"

I scoffed. "Fuck no. You got this?"

"I'm good," she nodded. "Go watch our princess and make sure no one tries to put their filthy hands on her."

"'Our princess,' huh?" I teased, and Toph blushed, glaring.

"Shut uuup~! Go!" she pouted, turning away and stomping off.

I laughed and followed after Yue, slipping into an alley and making my way onto the rooftops where I could observe covertly.
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.
Now with Discord!​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:VialLemon, Voltrasin, Tobie42 and 1,780 others
sinereal
Feb 15, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 27 New
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
Feb 20, 2025
Add bookmark
#3,561
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
27
Commissioned by jblake.
Pai Sho pieces clacked on the board as Bumi and I played. Across from me, the old man scratched at his white hair, glaring at the board. Finally, he grumbled, "What has that old fart been teaching you?"

"This is actually one of Yue's maneuvers. Surprised me the first time I saw it, too," I chuckled, laying down another piece and claiming yet another of his.

"It's rude is what it is!" he complained, fumbling as he attempted to mount a defense against the tide sweeping across the board—to no avail.

It was slow to set up, but once it got going, the tsunami would sweep the board and there was little the other player could do about it for a direct counter, unless they themselves started with the same strategy. Of course, there was still an element of luck involved, so it wasn't a guaranteed win—but so far, numerically, it had won against nearly every strategy we'd tested it against. I wasn't a master however, so I was pretty sure someone had thought of it before and there was a counter to be had, as with everything when it came to this game.

Still, in this particular instance, Bumi didn't have such a counter and eventually found his pieces swept off the board entirely. Finally, the old man sighed and sat back, nodding to himself as he looked over the board's final state. "So, you'll be leaving us soon."

I nodded, reaching over and collecting my cup of tea to take a sip—a bit of fire heating it back up to the proper temperature. "Tomorrow. We've done what we came here to do. More than, even. You're aware of the situation. You're dispatching help. The Beifong family's company is going to help. We've done about all we can reasonably do. And as much as I'd love to stick around a while, this place is getting kind of crowded and I'm getting that urge to move on."

Bumi hummed, nodding along. "You've done more than enough already. This is my responsibility, as king of this region. One day, you'll bear that responsibility yourself."

"Not today," I sent him a smile. "Did you learn what was going on with the pirates? This seems a bit excessive, right?"

The old man eyed me speculatively for a moment before nodding. "One of my patrols captured and interrogated a boatload of them as they were coming in to raid a village, a few days ago. A messenger only just arrived this morning, carrying the news and what was said. Apparently, someone burned down one of the largest pirate trading ports on the coast.

"There was a bit of a fight over what to do afterwards and one firebender came out on top. A woman. She declared herself a pirate king or some such. She has one of your navy's cruisers and a crew of firebenders working for her, and the report said that the pirates believe she is a former Fire Nation naval officer turned pirate. They've taken over an island and turned it into a stronghold, and are building themselves a raiding fleet by press-ganging benders into service, in addition to all the other not so nice things they've been up to."

"Murder, theft, slaving, rape. The usual," I muttered, and Bumi nodded.

"Yes. And with an island of their own, you could say they're becoming a Pirate Nation. Just what the world needed."

Well… Yue's not going to like that. Question is, do I break it to her myself, or not? I've been kind of waiting for an 'I told you so' moment to come around, but this is a bit outside the scope of what I was expecting. Bit bigger than I'd feared it'd get, really. Not really doing her any favors by not telling her. She needs to see that actions have consequences.

That's not to say that I'm not just as culpable here. I made the call to burn the place. We could have left it, but I decided to kick the hornet's nest. Damn. I'm going to have to do something about it. Something more permanent than burning their shit and scattering them.

"Is there anything you can do?" I asked, and Bumi hummed.

"I could send word to Ba Sing Se. Unfortunately, the Earth Kingdom doesn't have much in the way of a navy, as you know. It's the Fire Nation who rule the seas," he shook his head. "I don't believe we'll be able to confront this so-called 'pirate king' directly." Eyeing me with an amused grin, he continued, "If only there were some way of getting this information to the Fire Nation. Certainly, being an island nation, a pirate fleet is as much or more of a threat to them…"

I chuckled, nodding. "I'll talk to Uncle and get him to send word." Sighing, I stood and stretched, popping my back as I did. "And on that note, I should get going. I'd like to get our stuff packed and head out at first light in the morning." Sending him a curious look, I asked, "So, did you make a decision about my offer?"

Bumi hummed, once more stroking his beard. "I'll need some more time to contemplate it, and perhaps speak with the others."

"That's fine," I nodded. "The offer will stand as long as it can. I've already made my point, but I'll say it again: we could use your help when the time comes, and having your current experience and power on top of having your youth back would tip the scales."

The old man sent me an amused look, nodding as he did. "I'll keep it in mind. Safe travels. Oh, and Zuko?" he asked, and I sent him a questioning look. "If you find Aang, send him my way, would you?"

"Will do," I agreed.

Leaving the castle, I made my way towards Yue's clinic. It was starting to get dark, and Yue tended to wrap up around now, so I wasn't terribly surprised to meet her and Toph on their way out of the side street out to meet me.

"So, how did it go?" I asked as I steered us towards a street vendor to get a quick bite to eat.

"Slow," Toph grunted, leaning over and thumping against my side as we walked. "Boring."

"It was fine," Yue rolled her eyes at Toph's complaint. "Mostly minor stuff. It looks like we got the worst of it before it got too bad. But there's a lot of other things. These people were starving and on the verge of death. Their bodies were weakened, so a lot of them are starting to get sick in the new environment, and it's beginning to spread in such close proximity, so I'm starting to see a lot of fevers. And then there are all the women…"

Yue fell silent as we got our food and found a nice place to sit down with an unobstructed view over the mountains to the west, where the last sliver of sun was starting to dip below the mountains. We ate in silence for a few moments before I looked to Toph. "Any last minute problems out of your family's company?"

"Nope," she shook her head. "It helps that the deal Bumi offered was really good. It's set up to keep going once we leave. They'll send word back to my parents with a note from me." Reaching up, she pulled off her blindfold—now down to the last few layers and thin enough that I could make out her eyes through it when she wore it. Sending me a smile, she thumped my arm with her fist, before turning her smile on Yue as well. "Thanks for that, by the way."

"You don't have to—" I started, only for the girl to cut me off.

"No, I do. You gave me something no one else could," she shook her head. "Both of you."

Yue's smile was soft as she reached out and laid a hand on Toph's. "You are very welcome. We're happy to have you as our friend. That's all the thanks we need."

Toph blushed and a sound escaped her throat as she turned away. "Nn, it's so embarrassing when you say things like that," she muttered. "And I can't even be mad 'cause I know you mean it." Turning desperate green eyes on me, she gestured at Yue frantically, "How do you deal with this?!"

"Lately?" I asked, turning a grin on Yue, who perked up and giggled. "Usually with affection. Kissing her at least gets her to stop for a minute."

Toph turned a contemplative look on Yue, who simply smiled and raised an eyebrow in challenge—daring Toph to follow through. The shorter girl shook her head and turned her attention back to her food, looking defeated for the moment. Chewing a big mouthful of saucy chicken, she worked things around in her mouth enough to ask, "What about you? Talk to Bumi?"

"Ah. Yeah," I nodded. "I'd wanted to hold off on this. It's kind of a mood killer. Let's just spend our last night here enjoying ourselves?"

Yue blinked, blue eyes going wide. "We're leaving? Already? But we've only been here a few days! There are still so many people left to help, and if I go now, everyone is going to get sick!"

I sighed, taking a moment to sip at my tea and think. As I did, Toph's good cheer fell off and she frowned as she looked between me and Yue, but she kept silent. Eventually, I decided I'd just tell them what I learned. "Bumi's going to be sending his people out soon. Within the week. Between them and the Beifong family, things are pretty much handled here. But King Bumi gave me some information before I left. Apparently, some of his people captured some pirates as they were trying a raid and interrogated them. The pirates that call these waters home have a new leader. A pirate king. Rumor has it she's former Fire Navy and she has one of our cruisers. They're organizing and building themselves up a fort on an island, since someone torched their largest base on the mainland. That's what kicked all this off and gave this woman an opportunity to step in, take over, and force them to work together instead of as just a bunch of separate pirate groups."

Yue frowned, picking up her tea cup and staring into it in silence as she thought. It was Toph who asked, "Didn't you tell me you're the ones who…" Yue flinched and I nodded. "Oh. And you just let those guys go, so—" Another flinch from Yue. "Ooh."

"It's my fault​."

I studied Yue's face as she closed her eyes, fingers clenching the stone cup tightly. "I chose to kick the hornet's nest. I'm equally to blame."

Yue shook her head, white hair from her bangs falling into her face. "No. You were right. We couldn't just leave them. You wanted to finish the job and I, I couldn't stomach it."

"Why is that? I don't get it," Toph sighed, eyeing Yue with confusion. "Your people dealt with pirates more than pretty much anyone. It had to be a weekly thing, at least. They attack your ships and you guys handle them like everyone else does. You have to know that! So why not—"

"Because they're still people!" Yue snapped, cutting Toph off, looking up from where her tea had abruptly frozen over, the cup cracking in her hands. She winced and set it down. She lowered her voice and her tone softened as she continued.

"They're just people. Normal men and women who have fallen on hard times. Why do you think so many people turn to becoming bandits or pirates? One year, the catch is slim, or there's a drought and they can't harvest enough, and they don't have enough to feed themselves, pay taxes, and trade. A lot of those little villages are just barely scraping by. A bit of bad weather, a migration in whatever animals or fish they take in, could be the difference between being able to put food on the table and watching their children slowly starve! They look at their neighbors, who had a good catch, or a good harvest, and they feel the world isn't fair. That they're being singled out and punished for no reason. They get jealous, and angry. That's when they decide to just… take what they need.

"That's how bandits and pirates are made. Just normal people, taking what they need from others, because they're hungry and the other kingdoms are threatening to take everything they own to pay for taxes that they see no benefit for, to fund a stupid war that should have ended a hundred years ago! It's not right to just kill them, because they're leaving behind families that rely on them to bring in food, and it's not just a single life you're ending!"

When she finished, Yue was left panting and red faced, her eyes wet with unshed tears as she glared between me and Toph. Toph frowned, looking over and meeting my gaze. I sighed and nodded. Reaching out, I grabbed the last chicken skewer off of her plate. "Give me that, I'm hungry."

"Hey! Give it back!" Toph glared, pouting up at me as I took a bite.

"Nope. And I'll kick your ass if you try to take it."

Crossing her arms over her chest, Toph pretended to sulk for a moment, before looking at Yue's plate. Reaching out, she took the last skewer off of Yue's plate for herself. "I'm hungry, give me that!"

Yue blinked, frowning as she reached up and wiped her eyes. "Huh? That's mine? I was still eating it," she protested.

"Don't care. Starve," Toph shrugged, stuffing her face.

Yue groaned and made to stand. "I'll go buy some more—"

"Nope. Give me all your money, too," Toph demanded, holding out a hand. "And if you wanna go grow a chicken, I'll be back to take that when it's done. Only way I'm stopping is if you kick my ass, but if you let me go, I'm coming back with friends and we'll fuck you up."

Yue sat back down as I took the extra skewer off of my own plate and put it on hers. Crossing her arms over her chest, she pouted. "It's not that simple."

""It really is,"" Toph and I countered at the same time.

Toph picked up from there. "Look, I get it. Family business. I know how the markets work and what it takes to put food on the table and in the market," she waved the partly eaten skewer in Yue's general direction. "It's hard to predict the weather. Taxes suck. The war sucks. Pests suck. Blight sucks. Bandits and pirates stealing your crap sucks. And when that happens, you work harder! You find some way to make it work! Go out and fish, or hunt, plant more crops, move away somewhere without the problems you had, or maybe prepare for shit happening ahead of time so that you don't go hungry in the first place! But you know what you don't do when something bad happens outside of your control? You don't go spread the misery by stealing someone else's stuff! You don't kidnap, enslave, rape, and murder people!"

Yue looked away as Toph glared at her across the table. "They're still people—"

"They're not," Toph shook her head, and Yue's head snapped up to glare at her. "You know what locusts are?"

Frowning, Yue shook her head. "No?"

"It's a bug. It eats crops. Some years, we get a lot of them and they swarm. They go from town to town, flying across the countryside and eating everything in their path. They don't care that by eating all of your crops, you might starve. They've got a family to feed. They're just looking out for themselves and their family. Pirates and bandits are the same. They don't care that you'll suffer, they're going to take everything you have because they want it. They're locusts on two feet. And you know what we do with locusts? Same thing we do with bandits and pirates."

"What about their families?" Yue demanded, and Toph shrugged.

"They're probably gonna die, yeah. And that sucks too. But it's not our problem. They should've convinced their husbands or whatever not to be criminals."

Sighing, the waterbender slumped in on herself. "I don't like it."

"Yeah, I get that," Toph nodded. "But which do you like less? The thought of killing criminals, or killing, raping, enslaving, and hurting innocent people?"

"That's not—"

"It is, Yue," I sighed. "As a ruler, you have a choice. Do something about the problem or let it spread and hurt innocents. Doing nothing, letting the problem get worse, is the same as condemning those innocents to whatever fate pirates or whoever had in store for them. You're saying you value the lives of the worst sort of people, who have chosen to make their living making others suffer, over the lives of the innocent citizens under your responsibility. Is that the kind of ruler you want to be?" Quietly, I said, "It's not the kind I want to be."

"There has to be another way," Yue shook her head.

Toph held up a hand and began counting off points on her fingers. "Kill 'em, solve the problem permanently. Jail 'em, have to put money into taking care of them, they might escape and go back to it. Enslave 'em and make them work off what they've done, same problems as jail. Cripple 'em, they become a burden on everyone around them, and you've pretty much just guaranteed them a slow death. Punish 'em, whip them, beat them, something—that just makes them angrier and they'll take it out on the next person they attack. Exile 'em, make them someone else's problem, but that just means they'll go cause problems for someone else, or they could come back later. Or like Zuko said, do nothing, which is the same as saying you support what they're doing and throwing everyone else in your country under the cart. That's really it. All those options suck, yeah. So you've gotta pick the one that sucks least, for the fewest people."

Yue turned to me for help but I shook my head. "If there were some alternative where everyone came out happy, don't you think someone would've figured it out by now? You could argue that it's a problem of not enough resources and money to go around, but look at Ba Sing Se. Richest city in the world. There are still criminals doing the same things bandits and pirates do. You could argue it's because those resources aren't evenly distributed, but then you get into the problem of telling the farmer that his work every day raising crops is just as valuable as the bum doing nothing but drinking all day, and he's going to have to share equally with everyone, including the bum—and that's going to make the farmer not want to farm. Why would he if he could do nothing and the government would give him just as much food and money as he was when he was farming? No one will work if there's no incentive to and they're given what they need to survive, until there's no one left to farm and no food left to go around. A country can't sustain itself like that."

"This… sucks," Yue blew out an explosive sigh, and I nodded.

"Yep," Toph sighed, finishing off the last of her skewer. "So… hotel, pack up, and head out at first light?"

"Yeah," I agreed, standing up and gathering my trash to throw away.

Yue was slower to follow and silent the rest of the way back. She stayed that way, sulking quietly, as we took a quick scrub and bath, then went to bed—where she was more clingy than usual, but otherwise looked to be in thought.

The next morning, we got up early and dressed. Yue placed a hand on her pack and stared at it for a few moments, before sitting on the bed as Toph and I started for the door. Turning back, I sent her a questioning look. "You okay?"

"No," Yue shook her head.

"Well, come on. If we hurry, we can grab breakfast before the lines start, then be out the gate and on the road before the crowd," Toph gestured towards the door impatiently.

Yue chuckled quietly, shaking her head again. "I'm staying."

"You're staying?" I repeated, and she nodded.

"What?! Why?" Toph demanded, dropping her pack. For a moment, the usually confident girl looked unsure. Quietly, she asked, "Is it about what I said last night? Look… I wasn't trying to be mean—"

"No! No, it's not that," Yue shook her head, before glaring mildly at Toph. "You were a little mean, but," she sighed, "I understand why."

"So then why?" Toph asked, crossing her arms over her chest and pouting.

"I've been thinking about it since we decided to come here. Then, when we got here and I started helping people… I knew then. I knew this was my fault, but I didn't want to admit it. These people are here because of me. I can help them, and I owe them that much."

Considering her words, I asked, "How long?"

Yue sent me a small smile and shrugged. "As long as it takes."

"I'm not going to be able to talk you out of it, am I?"

Yue shook her head. "I'm sorry." Sending me a smile, she asked, "I can't convince you to stay, can I?"

I shook my head. "There are things I need to do. Places I need to go."

Taking a breath, Yue bit her lip and admitted, "I still want to see the world with you. Both of you. And everything that comes after. But this is where I'm needed now. And I know you feel responsible too, right?" she asked, and I nodded. "I don't want to be there for that. So… go. Do what you need to, and I'll do what I need to here. Then, when we're both ready," she reached up and fingered the red silk of the choker holding her engagement pendant, "we'll travel together again."

"This is so duuumb," Toph groaned. "You're really gonna just stay here?"

"Mhmm," Yue nodded. Toph opened her mouth and she said, "Go with Zuko."

"Someone should stay with you," Toph murmured.

Yue smiled. "Toph," the earthbender looked up, green eyes meeting blue, "I'll be fine. Go. Enjoy your adventure."

Toph blew out an annoyed sigh and turned a look on me. "I'll go talk to my people if you'll talk to Bumi. We can at least make sure the hotel's paid for, she has what she needs for the clinic, and he's got a guard with her, right?"

"I don't need a guard," Yue rolled her eyes, but we both ignored her.

I dropped my pack by the door. "We'll be back in a few. Let's have breakfast together before we go."

Yue nodded, standing and following us out. "I'll get us food. Meet back here?"

We agreed and split up as we left the hotel. Thankfully, despite the early hour, people here were early risers. I was let in to see Bumi and explain the situation within a few minutes of arriving. For some reason, he didn't seem too surprised.

"You don't look surprised."

Bumi chuckled. "Zuko my boy, I knew the moment she asked for help. Can you honestly stand there and tell me you're surprised?"

"No," I admitted. "I suppose not. It's been brewing for a while now. I knew, eventually, her soft heart would get the better of her. It's why I love her, but it's also…"

"Frustrating?" the old man grinned, and I nodded.

"Yeah, a bit. I like that she wants to see the best in people, and doesn't want to settle for 'good enough' if there's a better answer, but…"

"But wide-eyed optimism, hope, and trust, as wonderful as they are, must be tempered by reality and experience," Bumi murmured, his grin falling off. "It is a hard lesson to learn and not one you can teach. It must be learned the hard way." The man sighed, and for the first time, he truly looked old. Before, he seemed like a man young at heart who just happened to be approaching the end of his years. Now, the weight of age and experience hard won truly showed. "She reminds me of myself, when I was a child. Back before the war began. And if she is to be a ruler of her people," he eyed me with a grin, "or wed the future Fire Lord," I nodded, confirming his guess, "then she needs that tempering."

"You'll make sure she's safe?"

Bumi nodded, waving a hand dismissively, "Of course! As safe as can be, at any rate. I'll assign a couple of guards to make sure no one causes her trouble. While she's helping my people, I'll make sure she's taken care of. She'll be paid every week and I'll speak to the owner of the hotel where you're staying and keep the room reserved for her until you return."

"Thanks, Bumi," I sent the old man a smile and he grinned.

"Think nothing of it, lad. Now, don't keep that girl waiting. For the heart to grow fonder, there must first be absence, you know?" he laughed, waving me towards the door.

I nodded and left him there, making my way back to the hotel, where I found Toph and Yue waiting, sitting around the room's low table with a breakfast spread between them. I took off my boots and joined them. Toph sent me a raised eyebrow. "Well?"

"I let Bumi know." Looking to Yue, I explained, "He'll be paying you weekly and you can stay in the hotel for free. He's also assigning guards."

"I don't need guards," she sighed.

"Well, you're going to have them." Her eyes met mine and she held my gaze, before eventually giving up as she realized I wasn't going to budge on this.

"Great. I talked to my people. Whatever supplies you need, they'll get," Toph added, picking up her chopsticks and digging in.

Yue likewise began eating, but not before sending us both a grateful look. "Thank you both. I know this was a bit sudden, and, and I know you don't agree with it. So thank you, for understanding."

Toph frowned, stabbing at her food a bit harder than was necessary. "Yeah, well, you'd better be ready to go when we come back," she grumbled. Looking up, she added, "Don't be mad if I steal a march!"

Yue laughed, shaking her head. "I won't be mad. A little jealous, but not mad."

"If everything goes to plan," I paused, then rapped the wooden table once just in case, "then it could be a few months. Maybe a year. Maybe a little more. We'll meet up with Uncle, then visit the library."

We could really use a waterbender for the desert, but we would have to make do with a few barrels of water. Either way, we weren't staying in the desert long. Of course, thinking on it, Yue did a lot for us and we'd have to adjust to not having a waterbender handy. That was going to suck.

"From there, maybe a stop or two before we head to wherever the Avatar might be, assuming Aang is still alive. Recruit him, bring him back, and we'll have a waterbending teacher waiting for us here," I raised an eyebrow at Yue, who smiled and nodded. "Then we can start preparing to deal with my father and put an end to this war, for good."

All too soon, breakfast came to an end. We found ourselves reluctant to part, but someone had to make a move or we never would. So, I stood and Toph and Yue followed. Yue pulled Toph into a tight hug that Toph returned, hard enough to pop something in Yue's back from the sound of it.

"Gonna miss you," Toph murmured into Yue's chest, earning a nod from the taller girl.

"Me too. Take care of each other," she whispered, kissing the top of Toph's head.

"Take care of yourself," Toph demanded, and Yue nodded.

They let go and Yue eyed me hesitantly. I pulled her into a hug and she darted in, her lips finding mine. When we broke the kiss, she pressed her face into the crook of my neck. "Stay safe."

"You too. Be careful."

"I will," Yue nodded. Taking a breath, she quietly said, "There's so much I want to say…"

"Save it for when we see each other again," I told her, and she nodded.

We kissed again before I let her go, taking the pack Toph offered me. "We'll see you soon."

"Mm. Soon," Yue nodded, biting her lip as she watched us leave.

The door closed behind us and Toph made an annoyed noise as we left the room and the hotel behind. Bumping her shoulder into me, she said, "This blows."

"A bit," I agreed. "Want to go kill some pirates?"

"Fuck yes," she chuckled.

"We can't sink the boats, you know," I pointed out, and she pouted. "They belong to those fishermen. We should take them back once we secure them."

"Ugh, fine," Toph grumbled as we hurried through the street towards the gate. "And since we're gonna be over water, I can't exactly just pull stone out of the earth."

"You'll need to bring some with you," I confirmed.

She hummed. "Rock armor?"

"Bulky. You fall in unconscious, you're going straight to the bottom. Maybe if someone worked on her metalbending more…"

Toph grumbled, but nodded. "Let's stop and buy some scrap iron. I'm sure there's a smithy or two with some we can use for me to make a weapon or something."

We made a quick stop to do exactly that, before hitting the road out of Omashu. We walked until sunset, with Toph making sure we weren't being followed, before stepping off the road and setting up camp. The next morning, we made our way down through the valley and up to where we'd left the airship.

Toph sat beside me as I took us up that night, looking out over the moonlit scenery. "It's just not the same."

"No, it's really not," I agreed.

"Think she'll be okay?"

I considered it for a moment before nodding. "If push comes to shove, I think so."

Leaning against me, Toph yawned. "Wonder what she's doing."

"Probably going to bed."

"Ha ha. You know what I mean."

Chuckling, I put an arm around the girl as she shivered. "Probably making friends over some bleeding heart sob story."

"Right? We'll come back and she'll have the city eating out of her hand because she's the one kissing their booboos better," Toph rolled her eyes. After a moment of thought, she asked, "…What if some guy hits on her?"

I laughed. "I don't think I have anything to worry about."

"You say that now, but you know… what if he's hot? And a bad boy?"

I pinched her side and Toph squirmed, elbowing me in response. "As the prince of the Fire Nation, I'm pretty sure that has me at the top of the list of 'bad boys.' There are none badder."

"Mm, true~," Toph murmured.

"Besides, have you seen this face?" I asked, pointing to the face in question. She turned and looked up at me, nodding. "I'm just too pretty to lose that battle."

Toph laughed, shoving me lightly. "Shut up!"
"Next please," Yue called, after sending her latest visitor on their way. A moment later, the door to the back room opened and a young man stepped in. He was about Zuko's age and height, with a square jaw, tan skin, dark eyes, and a mop of brown hair that was cute in that messy way. A pair of swords were belted to his hips and a piece of grass dangled from the corner of his mouth.

"How can I help you?" Yue asked, sending him a smile.

The man rolled up his sleeve and held out his arm, showing a bloody bandage wrapped around his forearm. "Well doc, I got this cut training."

Yue nodded, patting the table, and the man hopped up onto it. "Please, call me Yue. Now, let me see."

"Name's Jet."
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.
Now with Discord!​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:VialLemon, Voltrasin, patiayak237 and 1,592 others
sinereal
Feb 20, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 28 New
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
Apr 17, 2025
Add bookmark
#3,789
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
28
Commissioned by telsiree.
It had taken a few days of flying from Omashu to the coast, then heading down the coast to find Uncle. True to plan, they had hugged the coast, just over the horizon from land, and circled the peninsula on the southwestern side of the continent, where Chin Village was located, and were currently steaming for the north towards Omashu, intending to patrol the coast for pirates.

After rendezvousing with Uncle and letting him know what Bumi had decided, and that Yue had chosen to stay behind and help, we parted ways again. Uncle's ship would patrol the coast and go to officially send word to the rest of the Fire Navy about the Pirate King and her taking over of an island, while with the advantage of a much faster airship and the increased visual range it offered, we would scout for the island they had taken over and pick off individual pirate ships as we encountered them. Uncle had a few ideas as to who it could be from his time in the service, but he couldn't be certain so he had only warned me to stay away from her if we found her.

Since we were close, and it was on my list of places to visit, I'd swung us south in search of Kyoshi Island. And now, it seemed we'd found it—almost straight south of Chin Village by a bit over a hundred miles.

"That's it?" Toph asked, as we looked down at the island some distance ahead and below us. The island was fairly large, with several small villages around the outskirts and towards the center, with a larger town and a large manor directly in the middle of the island. There were a few candle lights or the lights of fires inside homes barely visible in the dark, but it seemed most of the island had retired for the night. We were running under full blackout up here, so from below we would be little more than a silhouette against the night sky.

"Seems so," I agreed, sweeping the island with my spyglass. It looked like they had been raided and taken some damage. I spotted a few homes and buildings which had been burned down entirely in the smaller outlying villages, but it looked like most of the villages were intact.

"What's the plan?" Toph asked, leaning against my side.

Closing the scope, I set it aside and began working the controls, slowly losing altitude and bringing us in to land on the southwest side of the island, in a crescent shaped cove with a long, sandy beach. From the air, it looked like an almost perfect circle had been punched out of the tip of the island. In fact, looking closer, I was almost certain that was exactly what had happened—probably at the hands of some earthbender.

"Land and tie the boat off, then we'll make camp for the night. In the morning, we can do our usual morning workout, then head inland and start asking about the pirates. See if anyone knows which way they went after they hit the island, or if they were able to burn down the ship or ships that showed up. Offer some help if they need it." Sending her a look and finding her green eyes staring up into my gold, I continued, "Then we're going to spend a damn week here doing nothing but getting you used to fighting on sand and working on your metalbending. Don't want your tremor sense blind when we go to the desert, and having you able to turn people's weapons against them—or you know, turn an entire Fire Nation cruiser into your weapon—would be kinda handy."

Toph made a face, but nodded. "Fiiine," she let out a gusty sigh. "This is gonna suck. No Yue to wash the sand out of my everything. Or do laundry. Or—"

Reaching out, I put an arm around her and gave her a squeeze. "We'll make do. It'll give you an opportunity to find a way to use earthbending in new ways. Working with water may help you with the whole 'earth as water' aspect as well."

Toph perked up. "I do like the idea of burying someone under a mudslide. Or lava. We've got to work on that soon."

"Eventually. Get metal and sand down first. When we go to the desert, if we run out of fuel or something, I want you able to use sand the same way Yue can water and just sail the boat through it," I said, and the girl nodded.

After a few minutes, I cut the engine and the boat touched down, gently bobbing in the waves just off the shore. I engaged the screw and pushed us up onto the shore, then closed off air to the fire to shut off the boiler. Toph and I took a few minutes to let the hot air out of the balloon and get it rolled up and secured away. Once that was done, we tossed ropes down to shore and jumped down into the sand.

"Looks like we're at high tide. We shouldn't move it too much further up," I said as we heaved on the ropes and dragged it just a bit further onto shore, before tying them off to a nearby tree. Sending her a smile, I asked, "You want to sleep in the ship, or—"

"In the ship," Toph grinned.

Chuckling, I nodded and we made our way back onboard. After knocking the sand off our clothes and shoes, we headed inside and I opened up the windows to let in the breeze. Turning, I found Toph had stripped down—entirely nude. She sent me a little smirk before slipping into bed, kicking off the blankets and leaving only the top sheet.

"You coming or do you wanna keep staring?"

"I can do both," I countered reflexively and she snorted quietly, before pulling down the sheet to expose her perky, firm little tits.

"Well, at least gimme a show!"

Rolling my eyes, I stripped down to my underwear and made to get in bed. Toph shook her head and pointed at the offending undergarment. "Oh no! Yue's not here so she won't die blushing with a little skin on skin action. Those have to go!"

Shrugging, I pulled them off and set them down with the rest of my clothes. Her eyes ran over my body, taking it in as I moved to the bed and slipped under the sheet. The shorter girl immediately turned around and pressed her back to me. Her round little ass wiggled in my lap for a moment before she spread her legs, one hand reaching down and finding my arousal poking her in the ass. She let out a quiet little "Hehe~," before closing her legs around it, trapping me between her thighs.

I felt her own arousal burning just as hot as mine, her lower lips leaking all over the top of my member as she experimentally rocked her hips back and forward a time or two, gasping quietly as I felt her little nub rub over me. Then, she stopped and simply lay still.

"You're killing me here," I groaned, and I felt her nodding.

"Worth it! Goodnight~," Toph teased.

Wrapping my arms around her, I cupped her tits, earning a quiet gasp. Brushing her hair aside, I kissed the back of her neck. "Good night, Toph."

She made a frustrated sound and I chuckled. If she wanted to tease me, two could play at that game. One of us would eventually snap if she insisted on playing horny chicken, and I was betting on it being her.

Toph sighed, reaching up and grabbing one of my hands on her tits. She left the right one, tucked under her, right where it was and dragged the left down to rest over her belly as she rested her hand over mine.

Quietly, I heard her murmur, "Zuko?"

"Yeah?" I asked softly.

"Thanks," she whispered.

I kissed her neck and hugged her. "You're welcome."
Suki yawned as she rolled out of bed and pulled on a robe, then stumbled into her kitchen. Moving the embers of last night's fire around, she quickly built up a new fire and put on a kettle to heat. After a quick stop to use the restroom and clean up after the night's sleep, then a trip out to one of the henhouses with a basket to collect fresh eggs, she made her way back inside and started rousing her sisters out of their beds.

"Rise and shine, Kyoshi Warriors~!" she called, laughing as she jerked sheets off, to protests from the other girls.

"It's not even dawn!"

"Five more minutes!"

"Go away, Suki! I don't have the energy for you right now."

"Unless you've got breakfast ready, I'm not getting out of bed."

Chuckling, Suki made her way into the kitchen and put the frying pan over the fire, then started on eggs, some leftover ham from a pig that had been slaughtered recently, and a bit of rice from last night's meal mixed in. By the time the girls were up and dressed, she had five plates of breakfast ready at the low table and had started pouring tea. The girls joined her a few moments later and they quickly began to eat.

"What are we doing today?"

"Same thing as yesterday, probably. Duh."

"Think we got all the pirates?"

"Probably. But what about the villagers that were taken?"

"We should go after them!"

"We don't know where they went, idiot.

"Yeeeah, there's a whole lot of 'west' from here."

"So we look!"

Suki held in a sigh and shook her head. "For now, the same as we have since the attack. Go to the lookout at the top of the mountain and see if we can see any sign of fires burning in places they shouldn't. Patrol the island. Look for signs of stragglers. Head home in the afternoon, then we'll train before bed."

"And the villagers?"

"Deal with your own wounds first, before trying to help anyone else," Suki reminded. There were some annoyed faces at that, but the girls understood. As much as they'd like to go hunt down the pirate scum that had taken their people, they first needed to make sure there were no more pirates lurking on the island to cause trouble.

Once breakfast was finished, chores were quickly divided amongst them and they went about preparing for the day. Dishes were washed and put away. A second meal was cooked and put away in bento boxes. A pot of tea poured into bamboo thermoses. Then they got dressed and got their armor and makeup on. Lunch was put away in their bags.

The sliding door closed behind them and the girls began their quick march from their little village to the highest point on the island. There was a moist chill to the pre-dawn air and a silence to the village that Suki enjoyed. Only the very earliest of risers was even just getting up at this time, as the roosters started to crow.

The girls were quiet as they marched up the trail to the top of the mountain, eyes sweeping the trail and their surroundings in the almost gray light. Their footsteps fell silently, occasionally crunching on a loose rock here and there, but always quiet enough that if someone had moved close to the village in the night they were sure to slip up on them.

Finally, they reached the summit, and the old lookout tower. It was both a fire watch tower and a makeshift lighthouse with a brazier that one of the local families had the duty of keeping lit at night. These days though, it had begun seeing more use from the girls as somewhere to scout the island from.

In the early days after the first pirate ship landed, they had taken to scouting from here to look for ships or fires on the island. Many pirates were buried in shallow graves, tossed into the sea, or fed to the farmers' pigs because they hadn't realized the danger the Kyoshi Warriors posed to them and people were predictable.

Everyone enjoyed a hot meal, and cooking food meant either starting a fire the old fashioned way, or having a firebender heat things up. But the thing about pirates was, those who were benders tended to act like they were above the common rabble of non-bender pirates, from Suki and the girls' covert observations of them. That meant they never used their bending for such mundane tasks as cooking. Which meant plain old cooking fires, and cooking fires meant smoke or, at dawn and dusk, the light of a fire being visible for miles.

The girls climbed the tower and lowered the cover onto the brazier to snuff it out. Looking out over the island, Suki took a moment to enjoy the sight of the island as the sun began to slowly rise in the east. Focusing on what was in front of her, she took in everything to the south, all the way down to Koi Bay. Light glinted off of something on the beach and she spotted the light of a fire, but no smoke.

"Girls," she murmured, drawing their attention and pointing. "Who has the spyglass?"

"Here."

Suki took the spyglass they had taken off a pirate's dead body and brought it up to her eye. Just as she had feared, it was a boat. Sitting at the front of the boat was a man with dark hair, wearing somewhat dark colored clothes—it was hard to tell in the low light. What wasn't hard to see was that he was cooking—and not in the conventional manner. No, he was breathing out a steady stream of fire with each exhale.

"Look. There in the bay," she offered the spyglass to one of the others. The girls crowded around and observed for a few moments, trading the spyglass back and forth.

"Firebender."

"Think it's a pirate?"

"Could be a Fire Navy scout."

"Maybe? The ship doesn't have any markings."

"Could be a deserter!"

"Either way, he's trespassing."

"Right. If it's a pirate, we do a little sneaky-sneak and slicey-slice, then feed him to the elephant koi!"

"And if it's just some guy, we'll scare him a bit and send him on his way."

"Unless he's handsome!"

"Yeah, then maybe he can stay a couple of nights…"

"Right?! It's been getting kind of cold at night lately. He could keep us warm!"

"Shut up. I don't care how pretty he is, we don't have time for fooling around!"

"Ugh. Stupid pirates ruining a good thing!"

"This sucks. All the boys on the island are just so boring though!"

"Suuukiii~! Can we please keep him if he's not someone we'll have to kill?"

Suki rolled her eyes and sighed. "…I'll think about it," she grumbled, before heading for the ladder.

"Yes!"

Suki shook her head. "Come on, let's go. We want to get into position before he decides to start exploring the island. I don't want to spend all day tracking him down, and if he is a threat, I don't want a firebender anywhere near any of the villages or the harbor. You saw what kind of damage just one of them could do."

They hurried down the ladder and back onto the trail. They jogged quickly down the mountain at a pace that would eat up the distance quickly without wearing them out. Through the village, then into and through the central valley dividing the island roughly in half, past another two small villages along the way. Finally, they left the valley for the beach, sticking to the foot of the mountain where there was enough tree cover for them to slip around through the forest to where the boat had been tied up.

As they approached, they heard the sounds of a fight. Fire roaring. Sand exploding. The occasional faint vibration through their feet that felt like an earthbender trying, unsuccessfully, to bend sand. The sound of skin on skin as blows were exchanged. And voices—one male, the other female.

The girls all traded a look and as one, picked up the pace. They came to the edge of the forest closest to the beach and where the ship had been beached, crouching the last few yards before laying down in the tall beachgrass and starting to move closer as they observed.

A man and a woman fought, trading blows back and forth across the beach in a fast-paced battle.

The man looked to be a bit taller than Suki and the girls, but about their age. He had short cut black hair with a short tail, golden eyes, and the typical features of someone from the Fire Nation. He was very clearly a firebender, given how he was throwing out flames all over the place—though they weren't of a color Suki had seen from firebenders before, being an eerie green.

The girl was shorter than the boy, but looked roughly the same age. Her black hair was pulled back into a bun and bright, jade green eyes glared at the man as they fought. She was the source of the rumbling beneath them, as she occasionally stomped or thrust a hand out, to little effect other than spraying sand everywhere—the best she could do was use it to block his fireballs or break line of sight so she could move and attack from a different angle.

"You dick! Hold still so I can hit you!" the girl growled.

The man laughed, throwing off a wave of fire that briefly lit up the grass, before a gesture had the fire snuffed before it spread and would have revealed the Kyoshi Warriors' position when they were forced to move. "What's the matter? Having trouble? Performance issues?"

"As if!"

"How the mighty have fallen," he taunted with a smirk. "Toph Beifong, the strongest earthbender since King Bumi, reduced to little better than a common street brawler by a little sand." They clashed in an exchange of kicks and punches. The girl, Toph, clearly had the strength advantage, but the man used his greater reach to his advantage and kept her from being able to land a decisive blow, while he pounded on her with near impunity. "You know, I could do whatever I wanted with you like this after I win and there wouldn't be a thing you could do about it…"

"Eat me, Zuko!" Toph growled, kicking up a blast of sand as Zuko danced away and laughed.

"I mean, that was on the menu, yeah."

Toph turned red and glared as she came in again to get close and force him to stop throwing fire at her. Behind her, Suki heard a quiet giggle and turned enough so the others could read her lips.

"Slaver," she mouthed, and the amusement dried up immediately.

Suki's glare made them focus on the mission and she turned back to the action, waiting as they moved, shifting around the sand until Zuko had his back to them. Suki held up a hand, counting down from five. When she hit three, she lowered her hand to her sword.

At one, the Kyoshi Warriors sprang up from the grass and rushed across the sand, clearing the short distance between them and the fight as steel cleared scabbards. The fight came to an abrupt stop as the firebender found himself surrounded by the five of them. Suki turned a reassuring look on the panting earthbender.

"You're safe now," Suki told her, before shifting her glare back to the firebender, who eyed them up cautiously, having shifted into a defensive stance.

Grinning, the man chuckled ruefully. "I think there's been a bit of a misunderstanding—"

"Be silent, slaver."

"One move and you're dead."

"We should just kill him anyway. The koi are just right there."

"Kind of a shame though. He's hot. Nice ass."

"Right?"

"Could you not be horny for like, five minutes?"

"No?"

Suki cleared her throat and the chatter stopped. Before she could speak, Toph laughed. "Wait, hang on. You guys think I'm a slave?"

"Or a hostage for ransom."

"It's kind of obvious."

"Even out here, we've heard of the Beifong family."

"Fire Nation asshole or pirate kidnaps merchant princess, ransoms her back for a fat stack of gold. It's a story classic for a reason."

Toph snorted. "I'm not a prisoner. Or a slave. Zuko's a friend."

The girls all exchanged looks. Quietly, someone asked, "They can't hypnotize people, can they?"

"Brainwashing?"

"Sexual conditioning!"

The group fell silent, turning to the Kyoshi Warrior who had voiced that possibility.

"What?! It's not rape if you put hearts in her eyes and she falls in love after!"

"What the fu—?! We haven't— Arr! Zuko! Help me out here?!" Toph protested, and the man shrugged, before motioning to his mouth, then nodding towards the girl who had told him to shut up. "Oh, now you decide to shut up? Ugh. Listen! I'm telling you, it's not like that!"

Suki considered for a few moments, before nodding. "Tie them up and blindfold them. We'll take them to the village and sort this out when we're not just out in the open."

"Hang on, I'm not going anywhere—" Toph began, only for Suki to turn and stalk towards her with her sword at the ready. "Right, no. Fuck this shit."

The girl stomped and a gout of sand erupted from the ground around them, briefly blinding them. There was a flare of green fire from Zuko's position and a quiet thump of one body hitting another, followed by a rapid, low, repeated… almost explosion? Like a jet of flame igniting and going off over and over very quickly.

Suki and the other Kyoshi Warriors were too well trained to swing blindly and risk injuring themselves. Instead, they scattered, rushing out of the sand cloud. Suki coughed and wiped the sand out of her eyes, looking around as she did. She spotted Zuko and Toph immediately, up the beach and running into the trees.

"Damn! They're getting away!"

"No shit!"

"They're obviously working together. You were wrong Suki, you idiot."

"So, not a slaver or kidnapper. You know what this means, right?"

"That they could still be pirates?"

"No, you moron. I doubt the Merchant Princess of Gaoling is a pirate."

"Right! It means we don't have to kill him! Which means—"

"Stop thinking with your twat, you thirsty slut."

"Girls," Suki growled, sheathing her katana. "It doesn't matter who we think they are. We have to capture them and bring them back to the village for questioning, so we can make sure. We'll try not to kill them in the meantime."

"Yeah, that would be a waste."

"We should check the boat."

"No, we should go after them."

"Are you kidding? This whole island is our playground. There's nowhere they can hide from us."

"She's right. Let them think they've lost us, while we start tracking them and keep our distance. Eventually, they'll get tired and make camp. Then, we wait for night and attack."

"And if they attack a village before then?"

"Then we'll be close enough to intervene."

"I don't think they will though."

"So… check the boat, then hide and seek with swords?"

The group made their way over to the boat to check it for clues. They jumped up onto the deck and made their way around the outside.

"Hey, check it out. They've got some neat stuff in the cabin."

"Definitely a modified Fire Nation boat. It's got a coal engine."

"The door is jammed shut. I think he melted it shut? Who does that?"

"Someone who really doesn't want thieves, pirates, or other people poking around in their stuff?"

"Oh, right. Yeah. Makes sense. Let's crack it open!"

The girls took a moment to cut through the obviously temporary weld holding the door shut, then made their way into the cabin. Suki and the others exchanged looks, and a few leers from the more excitable girls, at the single large bed. They spread out and began checking things out.

"Chests full of gold and jewels. If they're not pirates, then maybe thieves?"

"Clothes sized for three different people in this wardrobe. One man, two women. I think the second may be Water Tribe by the coloration."

"Fire, water, and earth all traveling together? No way!"

"Yeah, that's like something out of a cheesy romance novel."

"Hair brush says otherwise. White hair, see? Those two had black hair, and I really doubt a man is going to be vain enough to brush his hair enough to have a full set of combs and brushes. Nah, there's a third."

"Then where is she, genius?"

"I dunno."

"So we'll keep an eye open for a white haired girl who may or may not be Water Tribe, while we're searching for those two."

"Girls," Suki spoke up, drawing their attention to where she stood in front of a chest in the corner. She held up a sheet of thick paper, stamped with the flying boar seal. "Earth Kingdom passport in the name of Toph Beifong. This looks real."

"So… she is who she says she is. That's good. We don't have to kill anybody."

"What about Zuko?"

"About that," Suki held up a scroll she had opened and skimmed. "Looks like a letter."

"Don't keep us in suspense, Suki. Read it."

Suki cleared her throat. "Dear Azula, by now Mai, Ty Lee, and my new retainer June should have reached you in the capital and explained the situation. If they haven't for whatever reason, please wait for them and hear what they have to say. I won't go into details here in case this is intercepted, but I'll confirm that what they'll tell you is true. Please don't come looking for me. I plan to return when Sozin's Comet comes again, so please have patience until then. Love, your brother. Zuko. P.S., yes, I'm collecting souvenirs for you. Maybe, when this is all over, you and I can go on our own journey together."

"That's kinda sweet."

"Very touching, really."

"I appreciate a family man…"

"I don't think Suki's done."

"What is it, Suki?"

Suki rolled up the scroll and passed it to her sisters. "Check who it's addressed to."

"Priority missive."

"To… Princess Azula."

"From Prince Zuko."

"Oooh crap. That's…"

"Oh, we need to get him off of Kyoshi, yesterday."

"Or sink the boat and feed the koi—"

"Stupid! What do you think will happen if a prince just disappears, huh?! They'll send people looking!"

"The island will be crawling with Fire Navy troops!"

"You think he's a scout or—"

"Hang on, stop! Remember the wardrobe! Three sets of clothes. Fire, earth, and water. We saw Toph with our own eyes."

"…What's your point?"

"Make it quick. We don't know if there's a Fire Navy cruiser parked just over the horizon, waiting."

"That's the thing! I don't think there is! Think about it! The letter told his sister, the princess, not to come looking for him. And that he'd be going back later. So, it sounds to me like this prince decided to take a vacation. Do a little sightseeing. Wander the world for a while."

"You've been reading too many romance novels."

"But what if it's true?!"

"We won't know until we ask. And we won't be able to ask until we catch them," Suki reminded. "Put everything back where you found it and let's go. It should have been long enough for them to slow down."

The girls did just that, then left the boat and made their way back to the scene of the fight, before heading for the forest. Suki frowned as they came across a pair of tracks, then paused, turning back to the fight. "Girls…"

"Yeah, it's weird."

"No tracks for like, a hundred yards."

"No way they could've jumped this far."

"Sand doesn't look like an earthbender covered their tracks either."

"I do remember seeing some fire from down low right before they disappeared."

"…What are you thinking? He launched them both with fire?"

"Maybe?"

"We'll keep it in mind as maybe something he can do," Suki nodded and they began following the tracks again. When they reached the edge of the woods, they fell into a standard fast tracking formation—single file, following their leader as she followed the tracks, with the rest of the group watching out for potential danger. They kept low and fast, hurrying towards the valley.

No one said anything, but the occasional exchanged looks and the mounting tension within the group was felt by everyone. They slowed their pace as training and instincts told them something was wrong. Suki brought them to a pause and crouched down, turning to look at the others. Then, she began to signal. Pointing to her ears, then making a circle.

The girls listened and, after a few moments, shared concerned looks. Quietly, one of them whispered, "No birdsong."

"It's too quiet."

The Kyoshi Warriors lived here. All of the animals knew them—knew their scents, the sight of them, and had become acclimated to their passing through the forests frequently. They knew that the Kyoshi Warriors posed no danger to them, so they never had reason to act differently.

"You think they're here?"

"Why though? They ran away, right?"

"Ambush?"

"I think—"

The forest around them went nuts. Birds called and took flight. Small animals screeched. A group of wild hogs in the distance squealed. Further away, they heard dogs baying and the chickens calling. It was a cacophony of noise, making it impossible to hear anything.

The girls had only experienced something similar once in their lives—when an earthquake rocked Kyoshi Island in their youth. Suki stood, urging the others to as well. "Forget those two for now, let's get back to the village! We have to make sure no one's hurt!"

The others nodded and followed quickly, running along the path. That is, until the ground cracked and collapsed, swallowing the lead two girls in a pit as the earth shook beneath their feet.

"Suki!"

"Are you two okay?!"

"Ugh, we're fine. Just twisted my ankle."

"Hold on, we'll get you out—whoa shit!"

Suki looked up as a flash of green fire splashed over the lip of the pit. Earth rumbled beneath her and Suki found herself launched into the air with her sister. Her eyes went wide as the world seemed to slow down. Below her, Toph smashed one of her sisters into a tree with a boulder, while Zuko had knocked down one sister, while the other kept trying to draw her katana, only for him to kick or push it back into the sheath as he engaged her in hand to hand.

Suki landed with a thump on her back, rolling to absorb the momentum, only for the ground to rumble again, sending everyone sprawling out. When she got her feet under her, two of her sisters were groaning on the ground—one holding bruised ribs with her chest armor damaged, the other patting out a smoldering piece of her kimono and nursing a black eye.

"I'd like to revisit the vote to feed them to the koi."

"Seconded!"

"Nooo! You can't just—"

"You guys suck!" Toph's voice laughed from deeper in the woods, and the girls had to dodge a sudden rain of boulders.

"…On second thought, maybe we can beat them up a little!"

"Kyoshi Warriors," Suki growled as she dusted herself off. "Hunt them down."
Last edited: Apr 17, 2025
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.
Now with Discord!​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:VialLemon, LordVile, Voltrasin and 1,554 others
sinereal
Apr 17, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 29 New
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
Apr 19, 2025
Add bookmark
#3,856
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
29
Commissioned by telsiree.
I dropped Toph onto her feet as I landed and we sprinted into the forest. Glancing back, I saw the dust kicked up by Toph's smoke screen settling and the Kyoshi Warriors getting their bearings. I brought us to a stop and crouched, Toph doing the same beside me as we watched.

"Why aren't they coming after us?" she asked, frowning as the girls on the beach talked among themselves.

"Old hunter's trick. When you shoot an animal, if it doesn't drop right away, it's going to panic and run. That fear and will to survive is going to drive it to go way further than it would have otherwise, long after it should have bled out and collapsed. So you wait. Give it five or ten minutes. Then you track it, slowly. Quietly. Eventually, the fear fades and all that's left is the pain, and being tired from the sudden flight while fighting against their wounds. The animal will slow, then eventually lay down somewhere and usually pass out from blood loss and die. But if at any point it thinks you're pursuing, it'll get right back up with a new dose of fear and keep running. And that could go on for days. I've made that mistake before and it's never fun trying to run one down."

"That's what they're doing? Waiting for us to get tired, think we lost them, and slow down to take a break?"

"Yup," I nodded. "When I was training with the Yuyan Archers, one of their favorite strategies was to let a captured prisoner go and tell him that if he could evade them for a full day and night, then he would be free." Toph turned and sent me an incredulous look. "They only used Fire Nation prisoners. Murderers, rapists, the worst of the worst. Anyway, they'd let a prisoner go at dawn and the guy would run all day. We'd wait about half an hour, then start following. Get real close. Then we'd wait. Eventually, they'd decide they had gone far enough. They'd get tired. Or it'd get too dark to see. They'd make camp and bed down for the night. They'd go to sleep, and there we'd be, slipping into their camp with knives drawn."

"Mm, no. Don't want my throat cut, and they kinda seem like they really want a fight." She considered for a moment, then shrugged. "I don't blame 'em, with the pirates causing problems. But it pissed me off that they wouldn't even listen to me!"

"They're not in the right frame of mind for it," I nodded. "They want things to go on their terms. Them capturing and disarming us, and holding us at sword point before they ask their questions."

"Fuck that," Toph grumbled. "I'm not giving up just because they don't feel safe if they're not in control."

"It is their island—"

"Don't care."

"And they did pop up to rescue you from the big, bad firebender."

She rolled her eyes. "Yeah, well, that's their mistake for misunderstanding the situation."

Chuckling, I nodded towards the beach, where the girls had turned and headed for the ship. "Looks like they're going to be busy for a while. We should prepare."

"What are you thinking?" Toph asked, as I stood and made my way back to our trail.

"First, erase the footprints showing where we stopped," I directed, and she nodded, the earth shifting and removing the prints. "Now, come on. We need to move pretty quick so our trail looks like we're running."

Toph followed along as I stuck to the edge of the forest, eventually finding a trail of footprints left by the group of girls. They looked fresh, so they were probably from when they came down to the beach to find us. They soon led us into a valley between the mountains, which I recalled led straight to the other end of the island and the largest town aside from the harbor—with a bunch of smaller villages along the way.

"Alright, this is the place," I said and kept running another hundred or so yards, before leaving the path and circling back.

"We're gonna ambush them?" Toph asked, and I nodded. She grinned, slapping a fist into her palm. "Sounds fun! And this time, I won't be on stupid sand!"

"Maybe if you'd practice working on stupid sand…" I teased, and she stuck out her tongue. "Alright, think you can make a pit trap? A void in the ground about four feet deep, with a thin shell of dirt and stone over it, leaving the surface intact. Just sturdy enough not to fall in on itself, but guaranteed to break if someone comes running onto it—or if you collapse it manually." I paused, then added, "Make the bottom kind of soft. We don't want to actually kill or seriously hurt them."

"I think so," she murmured, and I felt the earth vibrate slightly under my feet for a few seconds. "Alright, that's it. Now what?"

"Come on," I directed her back into the trees along the side of the path, where we crouched and waited.

"So, that's the plan? Ambush them, beat them up, and take them captive?"

"Something like that," I nodded. "Strike and retreat. Collapse the trap under the first few of them, then while they're distracted, we jump in and hit the other two or three hard and fast. Put them down as quick as we can without killing someone. Knock them out if you can. If not, just roughing them up is fine. Then, I'll splash the area with fire to make them duck. You take their footing out from under them and knock them down. Then we run. Lead them away. When we get out of sight, I'll pick you up and we'll stop leaving tracks. Then, we start hunting them. Wait for them to get distracted and frustrated, then strike and retreat. Same thing. Wait for a moment of vulnerability, then hit and run. They've got to relieve themselves, eat, or rest at some point, and that's when we strike."

Toph's grin was practically a leer. "You're going to drive them crazy."

"That's the plan," I agreed. "Then, we'll capture them and wait for them to settle down a bit before we let them up, if they agree to call off the chase."

Toph rubbed her hands together. "This is gonna be fun~!" A moment later, she pointed up the path. "They're coming!"

We went down to our bellies and waited. The girls began to slow as they passed our position, before stopping entirely, crouching and moving closer so they could whisper to each other. Beside me, Toph frowned. "Why are they stopping?"

Watching their hand gestures, I quickly figured out what was wrong. "It's too quiet. We spooked the animals. They know we're here."

"So, what do we do?"

Thinking for a moment, I eventually asked, "Have you ever felt an earthquake? A real one?"

"Once," Toph agreed. "It was loud. I had to stop touching the floor."

"Did it make a funny sound? A really, really low one that you couldn't hear with your ears?" I asked, and she nodded.

"Yeah, everyone thought I was crazy, or something was wrong with me, but I heard it for hours before it happened."

"Think you can make that sound through the ground?"

"Sure," she nodded. "But why?"

I grinned. "Remember what else happened?"

Toph thought for a moment before grinning. "Oh yeah. Everything went nuts. Hang on."

She put her hands on the ground and focused. A few moments later, it started. Birds panicked and began screeching as they took flight. Dogs began howling and barking. Distant roosters crowed. I was pretty sure I heard pigs in the woods nearby squealing as they fled.

Startled, the Kyoshi Warriors stood, the red haired Suki calling out, "Forget those two for now, let's get back to the village! We have to make sure no one's hurt!"

"Get ready," I murmured, and Toph nodded. The girls started running and, a moment later, the ground split and swallowed Suki and one of the others.

We burst from the wood line, coming in fast from behind them. Halfway there, I thrust my palm out forward and flung a torrent of green fire at the three not in the hole—a flamethrower aimed at the middle of their group to force them to split up. They heard the roar of the flames and reacted with admirable reflexes, diving aside as fire flew over their heads. Two of them went right, while the other went left.

I launched myself with Jet Stepping at the same time Toph stomped the ground and launched Suki and her sister out of the hole, before doing it again and creating a boulder, which she launched at the girl on the far left. I didn't have time to see how that turned out as I hit the one on my immediate left with a flying kick to the chest, backing it up with a small explosion between my foot and her stomach to send her flying.

The other girl tried to draw as I landed, but a kick to her hand forced the katana back into its sheath as I came at her with a fast combination of punches and kicks. She went for the sword again and I grinned, punching the hilt and forcing it back into its sheath, earning a sound or frustration from her as she gave up on it and tried to hit me.

Then, Toph was beside me as Suki and the other girl landed with a thump. The shorter girl went low and I went high, Toph's legs sweeping the Kyoshi Warrior's legs out from under her as I landed a solid punch to her eye, bouncing her head off the ground and leaving her reeling. The girls started to collect themselves and roll to their feet, only for Toph to stomp the ground and send them back onto their faces at the same time she launched us away by creating a pillar beneath our feet explosively.

We hit the ground and took off running up the trail and into the woods, just out of sight as we stopped again and turned to watch. Toph laughed quietly beside me as we caught our breath. "I'm gonna sink us underground when they go by, so don't panic or anything, alright?"

"Sounds good," I nodded. "Should let us slip behind them and stalk them for a while."

The Kyoshi Warriors regained their feet and spent a moment gathering themselves. Eventually, Toph got tired of waiting and stood up, taking an earthbending stance. Laughing loudly, she taunted, "You guys suck!" before punching and sliding her leg forward, creating and launching a rain of basketball sized boulders that tore through the trees and rained down around the Kyoshi girls.

I stood to follow as the shorter girl laughed and we ran, creating a bit of a trail before I picked her up with Jet Stepping and took us a few hundred yards away. When we landed, Toph pulled us both underground. Thankfully, this wasn't some wet, filthy hole in the ground and she'd actually made a little stone tunnel for us to stand in.

"We're gonna run out of air," I warned, and she snorted quietly.

"We're not," she denied, and I felt her moving against me. A moment later, I felt the earth shift above our heads, then just enough light to faintly see each other poured in from above. "Made a boulder above our heads. It's got air holes and tilted slats like the ship, so we can get a little light. What do you think?"

"Think you can make those slats move and bring us up just a bit so we can see through it?"

She nodded and the ground beneath us shifted a bit, raising us up a hair as something in the hollow boulder ground against itself. Reaching out, I found one of the slats and adjusted it. "That's good, Toph. Thanks," I said, focusing on the world outside.

"Uh huh," the earthbender murmured distractedly, and I had just a moment to wonder what that was about, before she wrapped her arms around me.

It was at that point that I realized just how close we were to each other in the cramped confines of our little blind. "What are you—?" I started to ask, only for her to shush me.

"They're coming. Close that up," she warned, and I tilted the slat closed.

Toph's breath was hot against my neck as she slowly caught her breath, her heaving chest rubbing her breasts against me through our clothes—and soon enough, I felt two distinctly warm, hard little points rubbing against me. She began to squirm a bit and, with a bit of rearranging, forced my knee between her legs. I felt her heat through my pants as she squeezed me tighter and began to slowly grind back and forth.

"Is this really the time?" I groaned, one hand going down to rest on her firm, round little ass.

"Yeah, well, this has got me all excited," she whispered. "Quiet. They're here."

I heard footsteps above at the same moment a pair of soft, warm lips pressed themselves against my neck. I bit back a groan as Toph's knee shifted and rubbed my crotch. A very quiet, pleased little hum escaped her lips as she began grinding her knee into me as she dry humped my leg.

Deciding turnabout was fair play, I attacked her neck and shoulder, kissing and licking her in a way that made the shorter girl pant as the air in the tunnel quickly warmed up. Above us, I heard the Kyoshi Warriors stop.

"This is where the trail stops," I think Suki murmured, quietly enough that if they weren't practically on top of us we wouldn't have heard them.

"Damn!"

"How did they lose us?"

"Maybe they doubled back?"

"Let's check the trees. They might have climbed up."

There was a quiet thump above us and I looked up. Very carefully and slowly, I opened one of the slats and found myself looking right between someone's feet, at the legs of the other girls. I quickly closed it.

Toph's breath washed over my ear as she whispered, "They'​re ​fucking with us​, right? They know we're here and waiting for us to come out?​"

I shook my head, pressing my lips against her ear to whisper back, "I don't think so. I think they just didn't expect this.​"

I felt Toph's hands move around around my back to start undoing the ties on my shirt. A moment later, she had it open and her hands running over my skin under it. Squeezing her ass, I escalated and did the same, slipping my hand under her own robe. Quickly finding the chest wrap that kept her perky tits bound, I pulled it loose enough to get it down under them. She buried her face in my neck to smother her gasp as I teased her nipple.

"You're playing with fire,​" I warned.

"I'm not Yue. I know what I want and I don't have the patience to wait.​"

Her hands slipped down and fumbled with my pants, quickly undoing them and sending them down around my waist. I should probably stop her, as this was all kinds of stupid and entirely too fast, but… it was also hot as hell, we liked each other, and she was very enthusiastic and quite obviously interested. So, with a mental 'fuck it,' I undid her down pants and Toph quickly kicked her way out of them. I picked her up a bit and she wrapped her legs around my waist.

My fingers found her hot and wet, no panties in the way. She reached down and held her lower lips spread open for me and I shifted forward, hilting myself inside of her—Toph's body like a burning hot vice around me as she clenched down. A quiet pant left her lips as her hands clung onto me and she locked her legs behind my waist.

I held her ass with one hand for leverage as I slowly pumped in and out of her, while with the other I pulled her hair loose from its bun, letting it spill down her back as I grabbed a handful at the back of her head, pulling her head back in a way that made her clench and flutter around me. Our lips met in the dark and her tongue eagerly explored my mouth as we kissed. I kept to a slow, steady pace so as to not make too much noise with our bodies, as we muffled each other's heavy breathing in the dark.

Above us, the Kyoshi Warriors searched the area for us, with who I thought was probably Suki still sitting on the boulder above our heads. Soon, the reports began to come in.

"No sign in the trees."

"No other prints in the area except for ours."

"I went back over the trail. Aside from those two sets of prints, the next part of the trail is more than a hundred yards back. I backtracked a bit and didn't see any sign of them doing the same."

"Nothing ahead of us either. It's like they vanished into thin air."

I could practically hear the glare in Suki's tone. "Well, unless the Fire Nation learned how to fly in the last hundred years, they've got to be here somewhere."

"Suki… What about the other option?"

"What other option, idiot?"

"The obvious one, stupid."

"Oh. Oooh! Yeah, I mean, earthbender, so it's not like they couldn't tunnel under us."

Suki sighed, thumping the rock beneath her with a fist. "Great. So they could be anywhere."

Toph panted into my mouth, her lips grinning against mine as she shook with a nearly silent laugh—the motion doing very interesting things with her lower muscles that we both enjoyed. Our bodies, slick with sweat, slid against each other with a quiet friction as I felt her starting to shiver in my arms, her fingers clawing at my back and her heels digging into my ass, urging me to go just a bit harder, just a bit faster.

But if I did that, Suki would surely hear us. And as exciting as that was for both of us, I didn't think the girls above would be quite so amused if they discovered our ruse because Toph got a little loud. So I kept up exactly what I was doing, taking my time to enjoy every second shared with the girl in my arms.

Toph broke the kiss, her lips pressing into my ear. "Zuko, please~! It's, it's coming. Just a little more~.​"

Suki took a breath, then hummed. "They can't stay under indefinitely. They have to come up for air some time. Let's fan out and search for them, quietly."

Then, the redhead above us stood. "If you find them, pull back and we'll regroup at the entrance to the village at dusk. Once we have a trail to follow, we'll resume the original plan. And girls," she paused a moment, "don't take unnecessary risks. If you're forced to engage, break off and retreat. We don't want to accidentally kill one of them. Just capture them, interrogate them to find out if this is some kind of prelude to an invasion, then convince them to leave the island before they bring trouble here."

"Got it!"

"We will."

"Maybe yell if you do get jumped."

"I don't like it, but fine."

"Also," Suki's voice was a bit teasing, "someone, I'm not going to say who, needs to go take a dip and wash off."

"Are you saying we stink?"

"I don't smell."

"I think that's just your upper lip, Suki."

"No, hang on, I smell it too. Did someone get a little excited, watching the handsome boy get all sweaty?"

"Ugh, for the last time, stop thinking with your pussy!"

With that, the girls above us scattered, their footsteps hurrying away. Toph's grinding against me picked up in force and pace as she moaned quietly. Reaching down, I grabbed one of her tits and lifted it enough to get her nipple in my mouth to roll my tongue over it, then sent my hand between us—quickly finding her clit as I began to strum her back and forth, feeling myself getting closer.

Toph's hands came up and grabbed my head, pulling me tight to her breast as she grunted and groaned, her body clenching down around me as she began to shake. That was all it took to set me off and I buried myself inside her to the hilt, letting go of her nipple to kiss her lips again as I slowly ground against her, pumping her full.

We held each other like that as we stilled, panting around our kiss as our hands began to wander and pet each other. That little quickie was clearly not enough for either of us, but as much as I'd like to push her down and make her squeal, there was more to do.

I broke the kiss and pecked her lips, then her forehead. "Let's get cleaned up. We need to go hunt them down."

Toph laughed quietly, her body squeezing around me as she kissed my chest. "Sure. Just uh, gimme a minute." She grinned, "I can't feel my legs."

I held onto her, keeping her pinned to the wall as she recovered. After taking a moment to open the slats and get some air flowing inside, I leaned in and kissed her neck, earning a quiet moan as Toph nipped at my shoulder. "Thought you would at least wait until we got somewhere with a bed for your first time."

The girl snorted. "I'm not some princess like Yue. I'd be happy right on the ground," she leered up at me, before wagging her eyebrows. "Or maybe you're the one who wanted all the extra stuff?"

I nodded, putting on an affronted look. "Of course. I'm a prince, you know. I was expecting my first time to come after a long evening of being wined and dined, complimented, and swept off my feet. Then we'd go somewhere nice. Take a bath together to clean and mentally prepare ourselves for what was to come. It'd take place on a huge bed, in the dark, with only scented candles to see by and rose petals scattered across the bed. We'd confess our undying love for each other, then sensually, lovingly take each other's virginity in the missionary position. While holding hands and staring deep into each other's eyes. For the express purpose," I laid a hand on her lower belly and Toph shivered, "of making babies."

"S-shut up," she looked away, unsure whether to laugh or not as she shoved my chest, before shifting her hips and lowering her legs to the floor as I slipped out of her. "Ooh, that's… mm. Yeah, we're doing that again later." Shifting where she stood, she made a face. "I can feel a spring nearby. Let's go wash up. Wasn't expecting it to be so messy."

"But fun?" I grinned, and the little gremlin nodded enthusiastically.

We spent a few moments straightening up before Toph opened up the boulder hatch to our little hideaway. I followed behind her, keeping a lookout as she led us unerringly to a spring. A quick wash down and a bit of heat to dry our bodies and clothes, and we were clean enough that I didn't think we'd give our presences away with the smell of sex—again.

"Alright, where's the closest one?" I asked, and Toph pointed.

"A few hundred yards that way. She's moving away slowly, following the stream, on the far side. There's another one following it the opposite direction."

"Makes sense. If I were lost, finding a water source would be a high priority." I nodded and moved to the far side of the bank, Toph following as we moved quickly and quietly after the Kyoshi Warrior we were tracking. I stopped long enough to use my knife to cut down a length of hanging vines and wind it into a rope, then we resumed the chase.

Eventually, Toph slowed and motioned for us to get down. I moved closer and she pointed ahead. "Just up there. Feels like she stopped to eat lunch.​"

"Let's move a little closer and get a better angle​," I suggested, and she nodded.

We crept closer, until the girl came into sight between the trees and tall grass. Her back was turned to us, but she sat beside the stream, her hand regularly moving back and forth between something in her lap and her mouth—occasionally pausing to raise a little bamboo canteen to her lips. Pressing my lips to Toph's ear, I told her, "Wait, and we'll hit her when she's finished​."

We lay there in silence for a while as the girl finished eating and put away her lunch box and canteen. Standing, she looked around, before moving over to a tree away from the stream. Once more looking around, she quickly undid the tie on her pants and pulled them down, before undoing what looked like a fundoshi, then squatting and leaning against the tree.

Toph thumped me in the arm and leered, pointing at the girl and nodding. I rolled my eyes but moved forward as she followed. Pulling my knife from my belt, I crossed the last few yards between us and the Kyoshi Warrior at what felt like a snail's pace—the only sounds running water from the stream, and from the girl herself.

Finally, she seemed to finish up and stood, the bottom of her uniform in her hands but not fully up yet. I jumped forward, clapping my hand over her mouth and pressing the flat of the knife against the side of her face. She went stiff as I pulled her body tight against mine, breathing a quiet, "Shhh," into her ear. Her hands came up, grabbing my arm on her mouth, but stilled when I lowered the knife to her neck and turned it edge on.

"Hands down," I instructed, as Toph came around from the other side. The girl lowered her hands and Toph quickly began disarming her, tossing her weapons to the side. "I don't want to hurt you, especially not by accident. So, be a good girl and be very still, because this knife is very sharp. Do you understand?" I told her, turning the knife sideways again, and she nodded jerkily. "Good. We're going to tie you up and gag you now."

"You know," Toph's voice was teasing as she eyed the Kyoshi girl in my arms, "They seem kinda sneaky. We can't be sure she doesn't have any hidden weapons without removing the rest of her clothes."

"True," I agreed, chuckling as the girl in my arms turned red. "Don't worry, I'm not going to do anything but tie you up."

The girl mumbled something into my hand and I raised an eyebrow. Toph looked curious too as she began stripping the other woman's robe off, so I decided to see what this girl had to say. "I'm going to remove my hand. If you scream…" She shook her head rapidly. Slowly, I pulled my hand away, but kept it close enough to slap over her lips if she seemed like she would yell.

"Are you sure you're not going to do anything? You're a firebender, right? And not just any old firebender, but the prince of the Fire Nation. Isn't your people's whole thing just taking what you want? I'm a beautiful, delicate young flower, completely at your mercy! Anything could happen~ and I would be absolutely powerless~ to stop it! Caught in the most humiliating way. Captured. Tied to this tree. Taken mercilessly over and over as I beg you to stop, until those pleas to stop become begging you to continue. To fill my fertile, Earth Kingdom womb with your strong, Fire Nation seed. Then hunt down my sisters one by one and capture them as well, lining them up where we can all see each other and raping them as well, until it's no longer rape and they beg you for it. You'll turn us to your side with your evil but sexy Fire Nation sorcery and we'll hunt down Suki, then hold her down so you can impregnate her—mmf?!"

I let go of her arms and stuffed her fundoshi in her mouth, tying it tightly around her head as Toph cackled so hard she nearly fell over. "So you're the thirsty one."

She shook her head and gestured to her mouth. Against my better judgment, I loosened the gag and took it out. "So you've been listening to us~! Sneaky, sneaky," she grinned. "Don't let the others fool you! We're all thirsty. Some of us are just more honest about it than others!"

I sighed and put the gag back in. "Comfortable?" I asked, and she nodded. Unwinding the vines, I bound her wrists and ankles, then bound her body to the tree. She mumbled and, when I sent her a curious look, she motioned with her head down towards her chest. "Huh?"

"I think she wants you to bind her tits?" Toph asked, and the girl nodded, grinning around her gag. "Kinky! Hey uh, Zuko," she began and I sent her a put upon look as I wound a couple of loops over, under, and between the girl's breasts.

"What?" I asked, just knowing this was probably going to give me a headache.

"A prince and a princess need royal guards, right?" Toph grinned, and I rolled my eyes.

"Being sexy and horny are not the primary requirements for that position."

"But they could be!" Toph wheedled, even as the Kyoshi girl nodded.

"No. Now, come on. Let's go find the others." Looking to the tied up girl, I asked, "You going to be good here for a while?" When she nodded, I took off back upstream, Toph hurrying along beside me.

"No but seriously, think about it! Five nearly identical sexy warrior ladies willing to do whatever you want—"

"I am not Genghis Khan. I don't need a dozen wives. Two is fine."

Toph snorted quietly. "Riiight. Yue told me about Mai and Ty Lee. Childhood friends? One's a noble. She's already worked out a deal with Mai to support her claim in exchange for Mai's family's support behind the whole 'marry a bender girl from each nation' plan."

"Okay, three—"

"You're gonna leave Ty Lee out in the cold like that?" Toph sent me a skeptical look.

"…Four," I sighed.

Reaching out, she patted my arm. "Just accept it. If you're trying the diplomacy through marriage route after the war ends and you become Fire Lord, you're probably gonna have more than just four."

"And you're okay with that?"

Toph frowned, then shrugged. "Not really? Part of me wants everything to just keep going on as it has, you know? You, me, and Yue. We'll travel together just the two of us for a while, then meet back up with Yue. Then she'll come with us and it'll all go back to how it was, but we'll be even closer. Have fun adventures during the day. Do fun stuff at night. But," she sighed. "It's naive to think that can go on forever. This is just a fun little vacation. Eventually, you'll need to go kick your dad's ass, and we'll be there. Then, when the dust settles, we get to work doing what wives of kings and lords do—making babies and politics."

She bumped her hip into mine. "It'd be dumb to think everyone's gonna be satisfied if you take the big chair and go, 'Okay guys, war's over, everybody go home.' The other nations are gonna do what politicians do and try to get as much as they can. I think Yue's idea to try to solve it politically through marriage is a good one. It's the pragmatic thing. From a business perspective, buying peace through marriage is dirt cheap and the best deal on the table. So yeah, I'm for that. But it's already at three confirmed and one maybe. After a point, what's one more? What's five more? That doesn't mean I like the idea of sharing. At least, not with anyone other than Yue." Shrugging, she added, "Who knows though? Maybe I'll change my mind if they're hot and fun to be around. But until then, I'm gonna make the most of the time I've got alone with you."

I put an arm around her shoulder and gave her a squeeze. "When we're done with the Kyoshi Warriors, we should spend some time here. Train a bit. Take some time to prepare before we go looking for those pirates."

"Yeah?" Toph asked, smiling up at me.

"Mm. Lots of nights together."

"Hehe! Sounds good to me! If we're loud enough, we can keep them up all night and make them jealous!"

"You're incorrigible."

Toph nodded. "Sure… but that's not a no!"

"…It's not a no."

"Yes!"
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.
Now with Discord!​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:VialLemon, Voltrasin, Tobie42 and 1,547 others
sinereal
Apr 19, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 30 New
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
May 10, 2025
Add bookmark
#3,929
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
30
Commissioned by Tevod.
"There's no way this is going to work," Toph said quietly as she eyed my work skeptically.

I sent her a grin. "How far is she?"

"About fifty yards away. Still coming this way."

Covering the vine with a bit of grass, I moved off to the side and Toph followed as we crouched down. Blinking, I dug into my coin purse and pulled out a coin. "Almost forgot the bait."

I flicked the gold coin into the center of the trap and we settled in to wait. Beside me, pressed tightly into my side, Toph murmured, "No one is that stupid."

"It's not stupidity, it's curiosity and human nature," I countered. "Now shush."

As we watched, one of the Kyoshi girls came walking down the trail, moving along quietly as she kept an eye out. I knew the moment she spotted the trap as she muffled a snort behind her hand. Stepping closer, her eyes followed the vine connected to the loop around the coin, held at tension by a wooden stake driven into the ground. Looking up, she spotted a boulder tied up to the other end of the vine in the tree.

Looking around, the young woman shook her head. "I know you're watching. You may as well come out."

She waited a few moments and, when we did nothing, she shrugged and unsheathed her katana. "Alright."

A quick swipe through the vine had the boulder falling and the snare trap around the coin closed around nothing as it jerked into the air. Looking smugly satisfied, the girl grinned. "I'll be taking this," she said, stepping forward to grab the coin…

Only for the ground beneath her to give way as she fell through the pit trap below it. I pulled the knot out of the vine beside me and the tension holding the second counterweight released, the boulder that had been out of her line of sight when she entered the clearing fell, pulling the vine buried beneath an inch of dirt along as it pulled the vine net the girl had been tangled in up out of the hole and into the air, about waist high.

Toph and I stood, making our way over to where the girl dangled, her sword dropped in the hole in her initial fall. Toph shook her head, sighing as she handed me a gold coin. "You win. She actually fell for it."

"I told you," I chuckled, pocketing the coin, before taking the second one from the girl's hand and pocketing that one as well. "It's about the assumption. We see one thing, think we've got it figured out, then act on that assumption. It's not stupidity, it's just that most people don't tend to look beyond the surface."

The girl in the net stopped her struggling. Sighing, she asked, "I don't suppose you'd be willing to let me go?"

"Ask your leader," I sent her a smile.

"Uhh… Sure. Just don't tell her how I got caught?" she asked uncertainly, and I nodded.

"If you behave. Otherwise, I'll tell her just how embarrassing this was for you. Until then, we're going to tie you up with your friend so you can't go anywhere or give away the game. So… we gonna do this the easy way or the hard way?"

The woman eyed me through the net. "What's the hard way? You burn me until I do what you want?"

"What?" I asked, sending her an incredulous look. "No? Why the fuck would I—" I looked to Toph, before gesturing at the Kyoshi girl. "That's crazy, right?"

Toph opened her mouth, only to close it and wince. "Ehh… I mean, firebender. The whole 'burn you alive and eat your babies' thing is hard to shake, you know?"

The Kyoshi girl nodded, gesturing at Toph. "See! She gets it!"

Groaning quietly, I pulled out my knife and began cutting the net down. "The hard way is, I leave you in the net and carry you. The easy way is, you get to walk on your own two feet."

The girl blinked, brown eyes meeting mine for a moment. "Oh. Easy way, then."

Toph eyed her for a moment, then shook her head. "Make her do it naked and gagged, or she's gonna just try to run off."

The Kyoshi girl turned a betrayed look on Toph. "Why would you even suggest that?!"

Toph leered. "Do you want to do it with or without your sandals? And I'm pretty sure I saw some vines I know make you itch. We can use those to tie you up if you want."

"…Please not the poison ivy. Last time it got everywhere!"

"Uh huh. Thought not. Strip," the shorter girl demanded as I got the Kyoshi girl free and pulled the net off of her.

Glancing at me, she considered for a moment before letting out a resigned sigh—but from the way her lips twitched and the mischievous look, that first one may have been on to something. "I guess I have no choice. I'm completely at your mercy, after all," she mused, beginning to undress.

I shot an exasperated look at Toph, before gesturing at the girl. "Even the bitchy one? Really? You see what you've done?"

Toph's grin was completely unrepentant as she stuck out her tongue. "I didn't do anything. This is all them. I think that first one was right and they're all like this." Looking at the girl as she handed me her robe and I began folding it up, Toph asked, "You guys just that bored, or…?"

"There are no decent guys our age on the island," the Kyoshi girl admitted. "There are a few a little older or a little younger, but they're all the sons of merchants, fishermen, and farmers. No warriors. No benders. Nobody who looks like they'd, you know," she eyed me up and down, "put up a fight." The girl leered as she handed me the bottom part of her outfit, before turning her attention back to Toph. "You're a fighter. You're traveling with him. You understand, right? A guy who can't match your kind of energy would just be boring and sad."

Toph's green eyes turned to me briefly and she nodded. "True." Shaking her head, she held up one of the vine ropes we'd made. "Turn around so I can do your hands, then we can get going."

Toph made quick work of the girl's hands, before handing me the short rope tied to her bindings. I nodded towards the stream. "Downstream. It's not terribly far."

Surprisingly compliant, the Kyoshi girl turned and began to walk. "Made to walk naked through the forest. Bound and leashed. How utterly shameful. I can never marry now, you know. You're going to take responsibility right, prince Zuko? I wonder what people would think if they found out what you did to an innocent, delicate flower like myself if it ever got out—mmf!"

Toph finished yanking off the girl's fundoshi and gagging her with it. "You be quiet. It's one thing if I joke about it, but don't proposition my man in front of me," the shorter girl growled.

"Oh? 'Your man' huh?" I teased as Toph returned to my side.

"Yup," she nodded, completely unashamed.

"What would Yue say about that?"

Toph quickly corrected herself. "Our man."

"Uh huh. Possessive much?"

"Yes!" the girl glared up at me. "Like I said, I'm gonna enjoy what time alone with you I can get. They don't get to horn in when I haven't even made the offer yet."

Reaching out, I pulled her into a hug against my side. Toph returned the hug but said nothing. "Come on, we've got two more of these to catch to complete the set," I told her, before a thought occurred. Hurrying forward, I pulled the fundoshi out of our captive's mouth. "There are only five of you, right?"

"Nooope! There are two dozen—"

Toph sighed. "She's lying. That would have been annoying, if they got reinforcements out of nowhere."

"A bit," I agreed. "What about the people who trained you?"

The Kyoshi girl looked annoyed, but answered, "They're still on the island, but they settled down to raise their families and retire."

"Truth," Toph confirmed.

"How are you doing that?" the Kyoshi girl sent her a questioning look.

"Magic," came the amused answer.

Thinking about it, it was kind of sad in a way—but I could see why they were down to just five. If fewer girls volunteered to join them every generation, and the older ones retired eventually, then traditional positions like this would eventually just fade into obscurity. Something similar had already been happening with the Fire Sages, with the order full of only old men loyal to Ozai now. I imagined it was similar, if not worse, in the Earth Kingdom—if the Earth Sages even still existed. And in my time in the north, I hadn't met a single Water Sage that I was aware of.

Time marches on and leaves the past behind.
Suki frowned as she made it back to the village, the sunset painting the sky orange as the light quickly faded. Not seeing the other girls, she made her way back to the barracks they called home, only to find it empty and just as they had left it that morning. Worry left her uneasy as she considered her next move. At least one of the others should have been back by now—she was late enough that she thought she would be the last to show up, in fact. That they hadn't…

Something happened.

Possibilities ran through her mind as she left the building and made for the entrance to the village again. It was entirely possible that one or more of the girls had found their prey and were currently stalking them, explicitly against Suki's orders. Sometimes, the girls did things on their own like that. Suki trusted them to be able to handle themselves, normally.

'Normally' being the key word there. This wasn't a normal situation. Both Zuko and Toph were apparently strong benders, and while she didn't doubt that together she and her friends could take them both down, individually was a different story. Two on one was a hard fight for anyone, but two benders against one non-bender tended to favor the benders coming out on top. There was a reason Kyoshi had trained her warriors in using unit tactics as opposed to trying to excel as a bunch of individuals. They were stronger as a group, and capable of bringing down enemies much stronger than any individual member of the group together.

Then there was the possibility that the pirates had returned and the girls had run into unexpected danger. The two trespassers were one thing—they absolutely needed to leave Kyoshi, but Suki didn't think they actually meant any harm. They'd had the opportunity during that fight to do real damage. Instead, they seemed to be treating it like… well, like a very annoying game. Or a training exercise. Either/or. No, thinking back on it, Toph had sounded like she was having fun and trying to get the girls to chase them after that first engagement. Suki doubted that her girls were in any real danger from those two.

Pirates, on the other hand, wouldn't hesitate to attack and they knew what happened to women who lost to the pirates. They wound up tied up and dragged off to a boat, to be shipped off to become slaves. Which was why they needed to resolve this quickly, so the girls could get back to their duty of protecting the island from threats.

Suki was just about to take a seat on a large rock beside the path leading into the village to sit and wait for the others when movement caught her eye. Looking up, she spotted Zuko stepping out of the tree line. Meeting her eyes, he leaned against a tree and crossed his arms, then simply waited.

Looking around, Suki cautiously made her way towards him, mindful of her footing given what had happened the last time they had fought Zuko and Toph, and the fact that she didn't see the short girl anywhere. They had already been ambushed once. She wouldn't put it past the pair to try the same trick with the pit trap twice.

Stopping when she was only a few yards away, Suki rested a hand on her sword but didn't draw it. She was within range to draw, lunge, and slash all in one movement and perhaps catch him off guard and that was good enough to make her feel secure enough at the moment.

When the man said nothing, she frowned as he held her gaze, waiting. Finally, she said, "You wanted to talk."

The corner of his lips twitched into a little smirk at that. "Are you sure? One of yours told me to shut up. And then there was all the chasing, and then the trying to beat us up and capture us so you could have things your way when we did eventually talk, at the points of your swords. One of you even threatened to feed me to the elephant koi! I dunno, I'm kinda not feeling it," he teased.

Teased!

The hilt of her katana groaned under Suki's grip. Taking a deep breath in, she held it for a moment before letting it out in what was definitely not a sigh. "I'm sure."

He hummed, seeming to consider it for a moment. "But are you ready to listen?"

"Enough," Suki grumbled. "Why did you come here?"

"To the island, or to the village?"

Suki's eye twitched. "Both."

"Well, you may not believe it, but we came to help," the man answered.

The redhead scoffed. "You're right. I don't believe it."

Reaching up, Zuko pinched the bridge of his nose as he let out a quiet sigh of his own. Suki briefly contemplated striking in the moment his eyes were off of her, before deciding against it. He hadn't attacked her, and if Toph was hiding nearby, she had also held back so far.

"Sure. Okay. Fine. I get it. You're all on edge because of the pirates and not inclined to trust the first firebender who comes along and says, 'Trust me, I'm here to help you, I totally promise.'"

Suki fought to keep the smirk off of her own lips at the sound of his frustration. "At least you understand. Now, why did you come to the village?"

"To meet with you. You're probably wondering where the other Kyoshi warriors are by now, seeing as they're late for your planned meetup." Suki blinked and he grinned. "Yeah, we heard that. Don't worry, they're fine. Not far from where you lost us, actually. They're a little tied up."

"You left them there—"

"With Toph. They're safe," he waved a hand dismissively. Suki narrowed her eyes, about to tell him just how much she doubted that, before Zuko pushed off from the tree. She lowered her stance slightly in preparation to strike, only for the man to turn away and wave for her to follow, putting his back to her as though entirely certain she wouldn't take the opportunity he presented and put it in his back. "Come on, I'll take you to them."

Suki eyed him suspiciously for a moment before falling into step behind him. As she watched, he gestured and an orb of pure, white chi formed in the air above him, lighting the area immediately around them. More, smaller orbs formed around him, spreading out and lighting the path ahead.

"…That's not firebending," Suki murmured, and Zuko shook his head.

"Energybending. Pure chi manipulation," he answered absently as he followed a path Suki knew would lead to a stream that came down from the mountains.

Suki studied him in silence for a few moments before admitting, "I've never heard of it. Why show me? That's an advantage you could have used against me if we fought."

Glancing back at her briefly, he said, "Trust is earned. But in order for there to even be a foundation for trust to be built upon, one of us is going to need to give. Now obviously, we're not going to let you take us prisoner. That's not happening. I get that you don't feel safe, with the pirates raiding the island and all, but that doesn't mean we're going to put ourselves at your mercy just so you can feel like you have the upper hand."

When he looked back at her again, his golden eyes met Suki's blue as he asked, "You snooped through our stuff. You understand why we can't take that risk, don't you?"

Suki nodded slowly. "You're the prince of the Fire Nation and she's the merchant equivalent of a princess. If anything were to happen…"

"You'd catch it from both the Fire Nation and the Earth Kingdom," Zuko finished, and Suki nodded. "Moreover, doing so would set a bad precedent if it got out somehow."

"That's why we want you to leave. We have enough trouble with the pirates."

He chuckled and shook his head. "But we don't want to leave. Not yet. But I'm getting to that. As for you all, you're the Kyoshi Warriors. The last of Avatar Kyoshi's own personally trained, what? Honor guard?"

"Something like that," Suki murmured.

"Mm. You have your pride, and you can't stand the idea of bowing. Not first and especially not to a man. Sound about right?"

Suki nodded as she pushed aside a vine dipping into her path. "Yes."

He was quiet for a few moments before asking, "Then there's really only three ways I see this going. One, we fight, and one of us defeats the other and just does what they like. I won't be satisfied with that and you don't want to risk it if you don't have to."

Quietly, Suki admitted, "I would prefer not to."

"Two, we go the full political route—the prince of the Fire Nation and the Kyoshi Warriors sit down and negotiate officially. That's just a huge, overcomplicated mess and a headache for everyone, and wastes time and energy that would be better spent solving the actual issue at hand. That being, the pirates."

The redhead winced. "That does sound like a headache…"

"Right?" he laughed.

"And the third option?"

Zuko sent her a brief grin. "Three, and the one I kind of hope you'll agree with me on. We leave the politics out of it and just sit down and talk like normal people. Put down the sword, take off the makeup, leave the Kyoshi Warrior thing at the door and I'll do the same for the prince and my own sword. Then it's just two people talking as equals."

"You're a firebender. Not exactly equal," Suki pointed out.

The man shrugged. "So bring all of your girls. You outnumber us two and a half to one. As I said though, trust has to start somewhere."

Suki considered it as they fell silent for a while. After a few moments, she asked, "What happened to the others?"

Zuko chuckled at that and sent her an amused look over his shoulder. "You really want to know?"

Suki glared. "Yes."

"So, we ditched you guys at the beach and lured you into that valley where we ambushed you."

"That reminds me. Was that your doing? The animals acting like an earthquake was coming?" Suki demanded, and Zuko nodded.

"Toph did it," he confirmed. Grinning, he said, "You're not going to like this next part."

"Oh yeah?"

"Yeah," he drew out the word, laughing. "You almost caught us. We thought you'd just walk right on by. Instead, you sat down literally on top of us."

Suki's mouth fell open and she stumbled in surprise, nearly falling flat on her face, only to blink as she found a pair of strong arms catching her and keeping her from face-planting. Her hands seemed to have a life of their own as she squeezed Zuko's arm and chest, assessing the lean muscle beneath his clothes. His face was inches from hers and she felt the heat of his body bleeding through her kimono in the cool night air.

Clearing her throat, she stepped back and frowned, thankful her face paint hid the heat on her cheeks as her body felt suddenly too warm. "What do you mean, on top of you?"

"Exactly that," Zuko answered as he turned back to the trail, thankfully not saying anything. "Toph hid us underground. That boulder you sat on? She made it. It was hollow. Had eye holes so we could see out of it. We heard the whole thing, waited for you to leave, and started stalking you individually once you split up."

A quiet groan escaped Suki's lips. The others can never know. If they do, I'll never hear the end of it. I can already imagine it.

'They hid under your fat ass, Suki!'

'I'm surprised you didn't suffocate them, Suki!'

'One of your natto farts and they'd have begged to surrender, Suki!'

'Wow, you'd have to be a special kind of stupid to not realize they were there, Suki!'

Ugh. No. We'll just skip that part of the retelling.

Pausing, another thought occurred as she remembered what else had happened. If she had been sitting right on top of them, then they had to have been in very close proximity to each other underground. And what she had smelled…

Nooo. There's no way. Right? That, that would just be too embarrassing. I don't think I want to know.

But the curiosity was gnawing at her and eventually, she was forced to ask, "You uh, you were just listening, right?"

Zuko turned his head to meet her eyes, a knowing look on his face. "I think you know the answer to that. We nearly gave ourselves away."

"Oh ​Kyoshi​, they can never know,​" Suki whimpered.

"Sounds like blackmail material to me," Zuko teased, earning a glare at the back of his head from Suki. "Anyway. After you split up, we tracked you all down and captured your girls one by one, then left them tied to some trees in a small clearing. They're annoyed, but they're fine." He paused, then corrected himself, "Well, some of them were annoyed for different reasons than the others. It was Toph's idea to strip them naked to make sure they weren't hiding weapons and a couple of your girls were disappointed I didn't… what was it the first one said?" he asked, before snapping his fingers. "Right. Now, keep in mind, this came from one of your people."

Suki took a deep breath and braced herself, before nodding. "Go on, then."

"She was disappointed I didn't 'take her mercilessly, over and over, as she begged me to stop, until her begging to stop turned into begging to keep going.'"

Suki let out a quiet groan. "I'm going to strangle her—"

"Oh, it gets worse."

"Of course it gets worse," the redhead sighed. "Alright, what else did she say?"

The man was clearly holding in a laugh as he answered, "Only that I should 'fill her fertile Earth Kingdom womb with my Fire Nation seed,' then she would help us hunt down and rape your sisters one by one until it's no longer rape, get them to all help hunt each other, and save you for last so they hold you down and… you get the idea."

Suki eyed Zuko incredulously, before admitting that that sounded like something one of her girls would say. Probably just to get a reaction out of him, but it was even odds on that. …That, or if she decided to over-share her latest fantasy.

Actually, that second one is much more likely.

Frowning, she asked, "That's not what you're doing, right?"

Zuko turned to send her a questioning look. "No? Get your mind out of the gutter. Maybe they were right when they told me you were the thirstiest of them all."

"I am not—!" Suki protested, before snapping her mouth closed and glaring at him as he sent her a smile. And in that moment, her embarrassment and anger faded as she realized just what it was he was doing.

He had pulled her in and gotten her talking. About something absolutely stupid. And in so doing, she had begun to lower her guard. To stop seeing him as a potential threat and instead almost bringing her to apologize for the way her friends and sisters acted. He had gotten them speaking as something approaching equals, on neutral ground. Which was… pretty much exactly the thing he wanted. The question was, should that make her more wary, that he did it so easily, or less since it pretty much showed he was willing to follow through on taking that option.

Orange fire light from up ahead caught her eye, about the same time as the smell of smoke and something cooking hit her. Suki's stomach growled and Zuko chuckled. "I started preparing food before I left to go get you. Why don't you and your girls join us? There's plenty to eat."

"I'll need to see what state they're in, first," Suki murmured, but she was seriously considering doing just that. However, as she thought about it, she finally sighed and decided, "I'm their leader. I can't just give up without a fight."

Zuko turned a questioning look on her. "Sure you can."

"I can't. We're Kyoshi Warriors—"

Pausing, he turned and sent her an exasperated look. Quietly, he asked, "Did Kyoshi fill your head with rocks?" When Suki only glared, he continued, "Discretion is the better part of valor. Knowing when to fight, when to talk, and when to retreat. You're their leader. That means you set the example. You can choose what to do in any situation and because you are the leader, you decide whether it's the right choice or not. That also means that you can decide whether it would hurt your pride to do so. Alternately, you could look to Kyoshi for your answer. What would Avatar Kyoshi have done, if the future Fire Lord came to visit her island wanting to talk? Would she have turned him away? Would she have fought him? Or something else?"

Suki considered for a moment, before answering, "Kyoshi would have invited him into her home as a guest."

"There you go," he smiled. "You have options."

With that, he turned and made his way into the camp, heading over to where Toph sat, pouring something over a pig roasting on a spit over the fire. Suki followed a few steps after, looking around and taking in the state of the others. Just as Zuko had said, they were nude and tied up to trees around the small clearing.

"Girls," Suki shook her head. "I'm disappointed."

There were annoyed sounds from the bound and gagged girls, but Suki ignored them as she turned her attention to where Toph was creating a pot that Zuko then moved to the stream to fill. When he returned, he took a bag off his waist and filled the pot with rice. Frowning, she asked, "Did you bring rice with you?"

The irritating man sent her a cheeky grin. "Oh no, I borrowed this from you."

"What."

"I was under your house when you came by to check for the others. As soon as you were gone, I borrowed a bag of rice for our meal. Hope you don't mind."

Suki's eye twitched and her hand inched towards her sword. "I mind, you thief! Did you think you could just steal our food and then invite us to eat it?!"

"I mean, yeah?" Toph asked, grinning up at Suki with a look that said the girl was trying to set her off. "We kicked your butts. What're you gonna do about it?"

Suki turned an incredulous look on Zuko. "Is that how a guest is supposed to act?"

"But we're not guests, are we?" he asked. "We're still trespassers and technically at odds, until you actually give us the invitation."

Opening and closing her mouth, the redhead paused, before letting out an annoyed sigh. "We welcome you to Kyoshi Island as guests," she ground out between clenched teeth.

"Thanks for that," Toph nodded, turning the pig over and pouring more of something from a jug onto it. "Oh, by the way, we'd like to do some trade." Slipping a hand into her belt, she pulled out a cloth purse and opened it, before flipping something at Suki. Gold spun through the air end over end and Suki caught the coin before it hit her in the face. "That should pay for the bag of rice."

Tucking the coin away, Suki unsheathed her sword and went about freeing the other girls. They found their clothes neatly folded beside each of their trees and quickly began getting dressed as Suki joined Zuko and Toph on a raised stone seat around the fire.

"Alright. You said you came to help. Explain."

The other girls took up seats around the fire themselves as Zuko considered them for a few moments. Finally, he said, "It all comes back to the pirates. They've been raiding villages up and down the Earth Kingdom coast. Yue, our waterbender, decided to stay in Omashu to help deal with the influx of refugees."

"I told you there was a waterbender!"

"Quiet!"

Suki shot the girls a look and they fell silent. Turning back to Zuko, she asked, "Omashu?"

"The common thought among the refugees was that King Bumi would help them. We went there to speak with him and negotiate his help. He agreed, and Toph worked out a deal between Bumi and her family's company to lend their aid as well. But you don't treat an infection by dealing with the symptoms. You attack it at the source. That's why Toph and I are out here, trying to locate the pirates' main base. When we find it, we'll relay the information to my uncle, who will bring his ship full of Fire Navy firebenders to wherever they're holed up and we'll deal with them. We saw the smoke and that some of your villages had been damaged, so we thought we'd offer our help and see if you might want to join us in hunting down the pirates and cleaning up that mess before it can get worse."

"We're gonna kill 'em," Toph added. "I'll sink whatever island they've made their home if I have to."

Blinking, Suki looked to the other girls, who all looked somewhere between seriously considering it and already onboard. Turning back to the pair, she asked, "How do you plan to find them?"

Toph opened her mouth, only for Zuko to beat her to the punch, leaving Suki curious what the girl was going to say. "You'll just have to see for yourself. That is, if you want in. If you're willing to trust us."

Suki stood, signaling the girls to follow. They moved off into the woods a short distance away and Suki looked to the others. "What do you think, girls?"

"I think he's hot—"

"Yes, but we're not talking about whether we want to share a bedroll with him."

"She's really cute too."

"Right? The bratty little sister attitude really sells it!"

Suki groaned. "The pirates, girls! What do you think about teaming up to deal with the pirates?"

"I mean… They've got one of those coal fired Fire Nation ships. Those things are fast."

"Two benders is better than none."

"They're definitely gonna do it with or without us."

"Yeah, but he said Fire Navy. Do we really want to work with them?"

"It's pirates," Suki reminded. "As much as we hate the Fire Nation, I think we can all agree, pirates are worse. So, yes or no?"

The girls shared looks among themselves, before nodding one by one. With that, they made their way back into the camp, where Toph had raised a low table and they had moved the pig onto a platter and Zuko was currently setting out bowls of rice and topping it with sauce and pig meat. The girls' stomachs all growled as one and they quickly sat down.

"Alright. We're in. What's the plan?"
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.













Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Wandering Prince (Avatar: The Last Airbender, Zuko SI)
 Thread startersinereal  Start dateMar 27, 2024  Tagsavatar: the last airbender eventual smut harem self-insert slow zuko
 Not open for further replies.
Prev  
1
2
 
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Moderation
Extras
View content
Threadmarks 31 New
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
May 14, 2025
Add bookmark
#3,993
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
31
Commissioned by Tevod.
Suki yawned as she rose to meet the day. Looking around at the other girls sleeping in the barracks, she frowned as she noticed a bed empty that she wasn't expecting. Standing, she pulled on her robe in the cool morning air and checked the room where their guests were staying, to find it empty. A thrill of fear and doubt ran through her as, for a moment, she wondered if they hadn't been deceived.

Making her way outside, she found her missing sister fully dressed and leaning against the wall with her eyes closed. "Where are they?"

The other girl cracked open an eye tiredly and made an irritated sound. "Zuko got up earlier and dragged Toph off to the beach. Just tossed her onto his shoulder like a bag of rice. I don't think she ever actually woke up. After last night, not really all that surprised. You said not to leave them without an escort, so one of us had to go with them and someone needed to be awake to let you know. That's done." Pushing off the wall, she headed inside with a grumbled, "Wake me up when breakfast is ready, Suki."

Suki made her way back inside and got to work on breakfast and their meals for the rest of the day—leftover pig from the night before, some rice, and vegetables. Soon enough, the rest of the girls were up and sitting around the table in various states of undress, slowly eating and sipping at their tea as they worked through the process of waking up for the day. Taking in her exhausted looking sisters and their sluggish movements, bags under their eyes, and general cranky attitude, Suki scoffed.

"If you're going to let a little missed sleep get to you like this, I think we need to increase our training," Suki threatened.

There was a moment of collective silence as the other three girls at the table looked at each other. Even the usually snappy retorts were slow to come, and when they did they were missing their usual zing.

"It was after midnight before they stopped, Suki."

"And they woke me up before dawn so they could go train on the beach."

"Not even you're that enthusiastic about training."

"Normally, I'd love the idea of a guy with amazing stamina, you know? But…"

"Not when they're in the room next door and we have to listen to it."

"Who knew someone that small could be that loud?"

"I am uncomfortably chafed and my fingers are cramping."

"Same."

"I think I bruised something."

"Maybe we should tell them to be mindful of others?"

"And spoil the show?"

"That was the most exciting thing we've heard or done that didn't involve killing pirates in months. You can't."

"You know, while they're out, we could take this time to cut peep holes into the walls. For, uh, security."

"Ooh, good idea!"

"I'll get the saw—"

"Girls," Suki growled, glaring at the others as they began perking up at the prospect of doing something naughty. "Do not bring shame upon the legacy of the Kyoshi Warriors."

Another moment of silence, then…

"So don't get caught."

"We can do that."

"No! Don't do it at all—!" Suki protested, only to be cut off by one of the others.

"So you don't want us to cut you a peephole?"

Suki opened her mouth, then closed it with a click of teeth. After a moment, she looked away. "They'll be able to see a hole from inside, so make sure you plug them properly." Glaring at the others, she added, "And we're only adding them so we can make sure they're not doing anything they shouldn't, like sneaking off in the middle of the night!"

"Uh huh."

"Keep telling yourself that, Suki."

"You don't have to lie to us, you know."

"Ugh. Shut up, all of you. Hurry up and finish eating so we can get to work," Suki grumbled as she shoveled a bite of food into her mouth.

They hurried through the rest of the meal and quickly got ready for the day, before heading out. As they left the barracks, Suki considered for a moment before giving orders. "The three of you, head up to the lookout and scout. I'll head down to the beach. Meet us there."

The other girls gave their agreements and they split up. Suki took off at a light jog through the forest down towards the beach, allowing her mind to wander as her body moved purely by memory down the familiar path. Eventually, the beach came into sight and she hurried down it, finding the figures of Zuko, Toph, and her wayward sister all lined up along the shore.

As she drew closer, the sun peeked above the horizon to the east, framed by two of the mountains and casting a long, orange ray over the beach and water in front of her while leaving much of the rest of it in shadow. Water sparkled and sand gleamed white as they caught the first rays of sun, but that wasn't what stole Suki's breath and caused her to slow.

Zuko stood wearing nothing but a set of short clothes, facing away from her towards the water they were standing in, the sun catching his lightly tanned skin in a way that drew Suki's gaze. Her blue eyes roamed over his muscular body as he moved, stretching and moving in a slow kata, the movements making his muscles tighten in ways that made her mouth go dry, all of that moisture flooding south as another part of her turned perilously wet. Occasionally, the light caught a jagged streak of white scar tissue at his shoulder and a few along his ribs on the left side. When he turned enough that she could see his chest, she saw the remains of a scar the likes of which she'd never seen before over his heart.

Beside him, Toph had taken off her own robe and wore only her breast bindings and a set of similar short clothes on her bottom as she moved through a form of her own. And on the other side of Toph stood Suki's sister, likewise going through her own forms as part of their usual morning training routine, when they weren't out hunting pirates anyway.

Studying the two benders, Suki frowned as she noticed something seemed strange about the way Zuko moved. She had faced firebenders a time or two before—they'd had to run a few of them off the island when they came around wanting to start trouble in the past. She knew how they moved. The sharp, fast, direct and mostly straight line movements that would send balls of fire flying into their surroundings.

Some of his movements were exactly that, certainly—if performed at something like one quarter speed as he was obviously doing a muscle tension resistance exercise. But there were parts that were not what she was expecting. They were… circuitous. Moving not in lines, but in curves and arcs, or back and forth like the waves lapping at their feet.

"We'll be done with our warm-up in a few minutes and then we'll move on to sparring. You're welcome to join us, Suki."

"I'll think about it," the redhead murmured.

Toph scoffed. "Guess she's afraid to fight without all her friends backing her up. Well, I can't blame her. We're kind of awesome."

Suki's eyes shifted to her sister who didn't even turn to look before chiming in, "Oh no Suki, don't drag me into this. I'm going back home when I'm done here, so I can sleep for a few hours, since I had the last watch shift."

Frowning, Suki looked to Zuko and asked, "No firebending?"

"I haven't sparred with just swords in a while," he admitted. Looking to Toph, he asked, "You good?"

"Still figuring out sand," she grumbled. "Go ahead."

"Swords it is then. I'll do my firebending stuff after," Zuko agreed. Whatever form he was doing came to an end and he moved up the beach to their clothes. Picking up his pants, he shook them out and stepped into them, cinching them up and pulling on his belt with his sword. Still barefoot, he waved to Suki to follow and led her some distance away from the others.

Suki stopped long enough to set down her lunch and canteen and followed, stretching a bit to loosen up as she walked. When they were roughly a hundred yards from the others, Zuko stopped and turned around, sending Suki a smile. "Rules?"

Considering for a moment, Suki decided to stick with what she knew. "We'll go by points. First to five points or to force their opponent to surrender wins. If one of us can't continue they lose. A solid hit with the flat of the sword is a point. Disarming your opponent earns you two points. Anything worse than a nick to draw blood costs two points."

The man across from her considered for a moment before nodding, a smile on his face. "Alright. I'll add the condition that if I do any bending, I lose automatically."

"Okay," Suki agreed.

With that, she settled into a wider stance and drew her sword, holding it defensively as she waited. Zuko's own sword slid smoothly from its sheath and he slowly began to circle her, forcing Suki to move to keep them even. The man's face shifted from its lighthearted expression to dead serious and the change was so stark that a thrill of fear ran through Suki and settled in her gut as her heart hammered in her chest, and she gripped her katana just a bit tighter.

She wondered what he was doing, since he wasn't pushing her towards the water to limit her movement options—instead, he was backing himself towards the water. That's when the sword held in his grip shifted and Suki winced as a flash of light off the blade blinded her, reflected from the sunrise behind her. She moved instinctively to the side, blinking spots out of her vision as she heard Zuko's footsteps rushing her. In no condition to meet him head on, she sprung backwards, trying to put more space between them.

That was when beachgrass caught her sandal and Suki tripped, falling back on her ass with a thump in the sand. Zuko was on top of her in the next moment, knocking her sword out of her hand and tapping the side of her face with the flat of the blade.

"That two or three?" the jerk asked, grinning down at her. His smug look wasn't the first thing she wanted to see when her vision cleared, but there it was. Smug and damn handsome—

Suki sighed. "Three."

Shifting his sword to his other hand, Zuko offered her a hand up. Suki eyed it for just a moment before accepting the offered hand. He hauled her to her feet like she weighed nothing. Which, as much as Suki and the girls would deny it, wasn't actually true. Muscle was heavy and the girls were all very fit, even if they weren't particularly bulky. She knew none of them were what she would call light.

Strong, she thought, before shaking her head and stooping to pick up her sword. Focus, Suki!

They separated and, as soon as they reset, Suki launched herself at him, whipping her katana forward in a quick thrust, which transitioned into a slash towards his arm when Zuko moved out of the way. His sword came up and parried her own, easily forcing it aside as he closed the distance between them, swinging for her midsection. Suki's sword was out of position to do anything about it, so she was forced to give ground for the moment.

His sword whooshed by her abdomen, close enough that she felt the tug of the tip against her armor. But with the momentum of his swing working against him and his own sword out of position, Suki retaliated with a quick slash that thumped against Zuko's arm.

The man chuckled, nodding to her as he backed away. They reset and Suki went for him again, coming in with a high overhead strike to take him at the shoulder or force him to block, and then she would kick then go in for a sweep and disarm—

Something clicked and Suki blinked as Zuko stepped into her swing, his sword coming up in his left hand to catch and lock her blade, his one arm strong enough to hold against both of hers—maybe not for long, but long enough, as he brought the sword in his right hand around and thumped her firmly in the side.

Suki frowned as she stepped back, glaring at the man who gave the twin swords in his hands a flourish. "Well if that's how you want to play," Suki grumbled. Reaching behind herself, she grabbed her collapsible shield and flicked it open, taking up a stance more suited for fighting defensively.

"Oh, neat. Is that spring loaded?" Zuko asked, nodding at the shield.

"Beat me and I'll tell you," Suki taunted.

The man nodded and dashed at her. Suki braced herself and caught the first blow on her shield. Her katana flashed out in a jab, but Zuko wasn't there. He hit her with the full weight of his body as he leapt, slamming into the shield as he dropped the sword he'd hit her with, planted his hand on the shield, and flipped over her.

Suki allowed herself to fall backwards into the sand, narrowly missing getting hit with a swing that would have caught her in the head. She rolled back onto her knees in time to see Zuko land and slip on the sand—putting him off balance for a moment. A moment was all she needed as Suki launched herself forward and smashed into him with her shield, knocking his sword away and sending them to the ground.

Everything became a chaotic tumble after that as they rolled in the sand, and Suki found her katana wrenched from her hand and thrown away. She punched and kneed, and got a punch to the chest and a knee to the gut herself in return as the sword fight devolved into an attempt to grapple each other.

Finally, Suki's arm was wrenched up behind her back and her body pressed face first into the ground, Zuko's weight pinning her there. She tried to buck him off, but the man didn't go anywhere. Turning her head, Suki snorted out a nose full of sand and panted, eyeing the man on top of her as he looked down on her.

His body was flush against her own, hot and heavy as he breathed deeply to catch his breath. She raised her hips experimentally—just trying to dislodge him—and felt something firm brush against her rear end. She found herself thankful for her makeup as she felt herself blushing as she realized just what it was pressing between her cheeks.

Finally, her mouth opened and ran off ahead of her brain, voicing the thoughts that would definitely get her in trouble one day. "Is that a sword in your pants or are you just happy to see me?"

Argh! What was I thinking?! You're supposed to set an example for the others, not an example for how not to act!

"Why can't it be both?" the man grinned down at her.

For just a moment, Suki was rendered speechless. Narrowing her eyes, she growled, "Will you get off me?"

"Sure, but before I do… What was that score again?"

Suki thought back over the fight and frowned, realizing she had lost count. Annoyed, she admitted, "I don't remember."

Nodding, Zuko asked, "In that case, getting the pin has to count for a win, right?"

Suki blew out an irritated breath. As much as it pained her to admit, he was right. He had her dead to rights and she couldn't do anything to get him off of her at the moment. "Fine."

"Great." Zuko let go of her hand and pushed himself up. Suki rolled over and accepted the hand up he offered, then started retrieving her equipment. "So, go again?"

"If she won't, we'll definitely take a turn!"

"I wouldn't mind getting some practice in."

"Screw the sword practice, let's skip straight to the grappling!"

"We should take our clothes off first so they don't get dirty."

"I will bury you all up to your necks," Toph grumbled as Suki dusted herself off with as much dignity as she could manage, given the peanut gallery of her girls running their mouths.

"Sorry girls," Zuko sent them a smile, "but I promised Toph she's the only one I'll be doing any naked wrestling with any time soon."

"Aww!"

"That sucks."

"Can we watch?"

"We can score it."

"Ugh," Suki groaned. "Girls! Rein it in!"

"Well, if that's what you're into Suki…"

"I'm sure we can find a saddle and tack somewhere on the island."

"Maybe a collar and leash instead?"

"No, it's obviously the crop and spurs she's interested in."

"I am going to smother you in your sleep," Suki hissed, glaring at the others as they teased her.

"Anyway," Zuko laughed, catching the robe top Toph threw at him and shaking out the sand, before starting to pull it on. "How about we survey the island and get to work? We've got a few days to prepare before we set out looking for the pirates. In the meantime, Toph can handle building new structures if you don't mind them being made of stone, and if you've got any wounded, you can bring them to me."

"Surveying would take all day," Suki shook her head. "We can just take you to where the worst of it is. And we've already taken care of first aid. The remaining injured need a healer or time."

Toph and Zuko exchanged a look at that and something seemed to pass between them, before the girl shrugged. Turning back to Suki, Zuko pulled a knife from his belt. "No, I meant bring them to me for healing."

"What? You studied medicine or something?" Suki asked, and the man shook his head as he stepped closer. "Then what—what are you doing?! Stop!"

Suki grabbed the knife out of Zuko's hand as he drew a deep cut in the top of his arm with a look of pain. Grabbing the arm, she looked at the wound—at least four inches long and down to the bone. "This is going to need stitches! Why did you do that? Are you stupid?!"

"Just watch," Zuko murmured, before holding up his free hand. The hand lit with green fire and Suki took a step back, suddenly feeling sick to her stomach as a premonition came over her. She could almost smell the burning flesh already and her stomach churned—

The other girls watched in silence as he ran the fire over his arm. Contrary to their expectations, his arm didn't burn—it didn't so much as blister. Instead, the skin knitted together neatly, leaving only blood behind. Taking out a canteen of his own, Zuko washed the arm off with water, leaving behind unblemished, tan skin. Not even a scar remained.

"No way."

"How did you…?"

"It's got to be a trick, right?"

"Can't be. You saw it. There was blood everywhere."

"What was that?" Suki asked, looking between Zuko and Toph.

The man chuckled. "I can heal. Cuts, bruises, stab wounds, infection, I can even regrow missing limbs."

"Or cure the blind," Toph murmured, a smile on her face as she looked at Zuko that told Suki there was a story there.

"That too," Zuko nodded, gesturing for them to follow as he began walking up the beach, towards the ship they had arrived on. "It's not great for internal stuff or for anything that requires a whole lot of precision, at least not as good as waterbending, but it does work."

"That's amazing!"

"Suki, we should go let the other villages know."

"Gather everyone in one location so he can do them all at once."

"I guess I can put off going to bed to help out with this."

Suki considered Zuko in silence for a few moments as the girls chattered, before asking, "What's it going to cost?"

Zuko sent her a knowing look. It was Toph who answered, however, "A little food and some supplies. Coal if you've got it, to offset what we're going to use hunting down the pirates. And you'll let us stay here for a while after we get finished."

Suki glanced at the other girls, who all nodded. Finally, she said, "We'll ask Oyaji and see what he says."

"And that is…?" Zuko asked, hopping up onto the metal boat he and Toph had arrived in as the girls followed.

"The leader of the largest village on the island," Suki answered as she followed the others up, watching as Zuko lit the coal furnace and added some more fuel, before joining Toph on top of the small ship. "What are you doing?"

The pair unlatched a long tube, exposing a large roll of canvas or something similar that reminded Suki of a sail and began fitting a circular opening in it over a pipe coming from the top of the ship. "Just wait. Trust me, you're gonna love this," Toph sent them a grin as they worked.

Slowly, Suki watched as the sail? began to expand? Fill up? It rose and swelled as it filled with what must be hot air coming directly from the engine.

What kind of sail needs hot air?

In just a few minutes, the whole thing had unfurled above the ship, pulling tight against the ropes holding it in place. Then, a moment later, the ship wobbled underfoot. Suki and the girls nearly lost their balance as it slowly lifted up out of the sand, their eyes going wide as they looked at each other, while Zuko and Toph laughed and jumped down from the roof, taking their places at the back of the ship where the controls were. Zuko pushed a lever forward and their rise accelerated, and Suki widened her stance to keep from falling.

The other girls rushed to the sides of the ship and grabbed onto the edge or the ropes holding the sail above them up as they looked out over the island as they quickly began to rise. Suki made her way to the front, a quiet gasp escaping her as something from the rear of the ship hummed loudly and the ship began moving forward, turning to the right—to starboard—and pulling out over the water, before adjusting course to port as it began to follow the shoreline, putting the island below them and on their left.

Her heart hammered in her chest and Suki wasn't sure if it was fear, excitement, or both. They made her short of breath as they steadily rose above even the tallest mountains on Kyoshi Island. Looking out over the island, she realized she could see all of the little villages scattered across the land, including their own. Not only that, but they could see for miles and miles out to sea in every direction as they cleared the level of the mountains.

This is how they're going to hunt the pirates. This… sky ship is faster than any boat, even the ones in the Fire Navy. They don't have to go around any obstacle when they can go over. Waves aren't an issue. And it seems the higher we go, the further the horizon becomes, so they would be able to spot a pirate ship miles off.

A thought occurred and Suki swallowed on a suddenly dry throat.

If Zuko, the prince of the Fire Nation, is here in a ship that can fly, then the Fire Nation already has this capability. The war is over. They've won. There is nothing we can realistically do from the ground if they decide to launch an attack from so high up that we can't retaliate with bows, earth, or water. All they would have to do is just… fly over and drop stones on whatever they wanted. Send men down into key areas, completely bypassing defenses.

…No. No, if they had something like this, they'd do what the Fire Nation always does. Mass produce it. We would have already seen them. Maybe he invented it himself. In that case… it can't get back to the Fire Nation or we're all dead.

Biting her lip, Suki shook her head. No, hang on. Let's not go off half drawn. I'll ask first and see what he says.

Turning away from the prow of the ship, she silently made her way back, where Zuko and Toph were sitting on a bench at the back of the ship, the Earth Kingdom girl leaning against Zuko and sighing happily as he rubbed his fingers gently over her eyes—a light green flame radiating from under them. "That feels so good~," Toph moaned quietly.

Suki paused, glancing between the two. Zuko looked up and sent her a smile. "Eye strain. She's still not quite used to going without the blindfold."

For just a moment, Suki almost asked about the ship. Instead, she took a moment to reassess as she watched the earthbender sitting practically in Zuko's lap relax under his ministrations. Changing her mind, she asked, "Blindfold?"

"Yeah. Toph has been blind since birth," Zuko explained absently, watching the shorter girl's face as he worked. "When Yue and I arrived in Gaoling, we met her after catching her fighting in an underground arena."

"I broke his leg," Toph chirped, sounding entirely too happy about that fact to Suki's ears.

Zuko rolled his eyes. "Long story short, she decided to leave Gaoling with us after she had a disagreement with her parents over the future of their company and her role in it. I fixed her eyes and she's been stuck to my side ever since."

Toph snorted quietly, smacking Zuko in the side, then reaching up and gently pushing his hand down from her eyes. Those pretty, jade green eyes opened and turned to Suki. "He's downplaying it. My parents tried every doctor, healer, medicine man, shaman, and snake oil salesman they could pay to look at me, and blindly trusted every one who showed up on their doorstep claiming to have a cure. All of them said the same thing. They all started off with high hopes that they could do something. Then they'd try whatever treatments, potions, salves, poultices, antidotes, or other crap they brought along. And when it all failed, they'd try to bilk my parents for money anyway. Some even claimed it wouldn't work on the first time but if they would just keep buying and using their swill for a few years it was bound to work. Eventually, they wised up."

"Can't blame your parents for being desperate and wanting to help," Zuko told her, reaching up to pet Toph's head.

The girl rolled her eyes. "No, but I can blame them for falling for every scam." Taking a breath, she shook her head. "Anyway. Then, this jerk and Yue showed up one day. They were practicing near my house when I was heading back. Of course, I thought it was some firebender attacking a waterbender…"

Suki winced, letting out a quiet groan as Toph chuckled. "At least I'm not the only one to make that mistake."

"Doubt you'll be the last, either," Zuko shrugged.

"So I attacked. And like I said, I broke his leg. An asshole can't run away if you break his legs, right?" Toph grinned, and Suki nodded as she laughed quietly. "They explained what was going on and Zuko healed his own leg. I couldn't see with my eyes at the time, but I can kind of see with earthbending through the ground, so I could tell what he'd done but not the how. We hung out for a while after that, had some fun, and eventually they decided it was time to leave. I got into an argument with my parents and decided to run away with them. By that point, I knew Zuko could heal people too, and better in some ways than Yue. So when we stopped for the night, I asked why he hadn't offered to try, since literally everyone else had. He said he didn't even know if it would work and didn't want to get my hopes up in case it didn't."

"But it did," Suki murmured, and Toph nodded.

"Oh yeah. It worked. Needed a blindfold though, because I'd never seen before, and the sun is bright. You know how it stings when you walk from a dark room into the sun? It's like that, but if you've lived your entire life in a cave. I've gotten way better since then. But my eyes still get tired or achy after a while sometimes."

Suki nodded. "I see."

"What were you going to ask?" Blinking, she looked over to Zuko, sending her a curious look. "You looked like you had something you wanted to ask when you came back here."

Crossing her arms, Suki looked down at the Earth Kingdom girl completely relaxed and happy right where she was, pressed up against the Fire Nation man's side. Then, there was the fact that they apparently traveled with another woman, from the Water Tribe—a healer and waterbender from what she'd gathered.

The jaded part of Suki wanted to believe that what she was seeing couldn't be real. That it had to be some kind of trick. There was no way the son of Fire Lord Ozai, a man renown for his petty cruelty even outside of the Fire Nation, could be so different from what she expected.

And yet, the hopeful romantic in her heart wanted to believe what her eyes were telling her. That maybe, just maybe, there was hope for the future. For a resolution to the Hundred Year War that didn't end in everyone subjugated under Fire Nation rule.

In the end, I suppose it comes down to trust. Someone must be willing to bend, to take the leap of faith first.

Finally, Suki shook her head. "Nothing important. Now, when do we set off after the pirates?"
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.
Now with Discord!​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:Voltrasin, Tobie42, patiayak237 and 1,453 others
sinereal
May 14, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 32 New
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
May 30, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,048
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
32
Commissioned by Tevod.
Toph breathed in slowly as she sat, eyes closed, listening to the ocean waves rolling in against the beach as the sun set. Feeling the back and forth tugging and rolling motion against the sand of the beach, the sand stretching below the water. Everything was less clear than if she had been watching through dirt, and even less than if it had been stone, but after a while of practicing this she had begun to realize that it really was just like the difference between stone and dirt—it was all rock, all earth, just in smaller pieces. And while the sand may be loose and grainy, it was packed even more tightly than normal forest dirt.

It just took some getting used to, to see through it. Zuko had actually been a bigger help with that than he'd known—or than she was going to tell him.

What Toph sensed through the ground was vibrations. Waves, as he described it—much like the ones rolling over the beach, but faster, smaller, and each with their own frequency in how often they repeated or distance between waves and amplitude, the height or strength of the wave. Sound was also just a wave, and it had a set speed that it traveled through everything—faster through more dense material, slower through looser material, and not at all in the absence of anything to travel through.

He had put words to something she already knew from experience but hadn't actually put much thought into. Toph knew vibrations and sounds moved faster or slower depending on what she was sensing them through. She would often feel thunder through the ground long before she heard it far in the distance with her ears as it traveled through the air.

How fast those vibrations moved through something depended on what that thing was, which determined how well she would detect things with earthbending. Sand? Sand was made of a bunch of different stuff. What Zuko called an aggregate. So sound wasn't entirely consistent through it, but it was slightly better than water and way better than air for sensing—which was good enough for Toph.

Bats and bat-critters existed. As did dolphins and dolphin-critters. And those animals all used something Zuko called echolocation—what he had called how she saw through rock, when she'd first explained it. Well, no, she remembered what he called what she did as tremorsense, but he said it was similar to echolocation—the only difference being that tremorsense was passive, while echolocation was active, meaning that those animals made their own sounds to see by, instead of relying on other things making sound for them. And how they got a stable picture was by making sound constantly.

So Toph's thought was simple… if dolphins could see through water and bats could see through air, then seeing through sand should be entirely possible. All she had to do was make sound—preferably something people couldn't actually hear and which wouldn't upset every animal in a mile radius.

That was why she was sitting on the beach as the tide came in, listening and feeling how the constant low roar of it spread through the sand and lit up everything within and on the sand to her senses. Why she had been practicing finding and creating different pitches of sound by vibrating the ground beneath her and seeing what traveled best, and what provided the most clarity to her senses.

Reaching into the earth below her, Toph began vibrating the sand, creating a low vibration that rang in her bones and carried to her ears in an annoying way that felt like it was shaking her skull from the inside. Around her, she felt the sand ripple and move outwards, splashing up into the air in a cloud of dust. The beach lit up to her senses as she felt the vibrations roll around and off of everything on the surface and buried for hundreds of feet down. She adjusted the output, lowering the pitch until it passed outside the range her ears could hear.

It takes more time for the vibrations to reach anything and come back so I can sense it, but with it working constantly, even on sand there are no blind spots and it doesn't seem like there's really a delay in between something moving on the surface and me seeing it. At least, not enough of one to affect a fight.

Standing, eyes still closed, Toph focused on the sand below her that she could now sense properly—down to the individual grains. Moving into a basic earthbending kata, she frowned when the stuff still didn't respond the way she wanted and the best she could really do was create geysers or launch balls of sand that fell apart yards away from where she launched them.

She came to a stop and considered the problem. Obviously, she was doing something wrong.

Glancing back at the shore and the waves rolling over it, Toph hummed. "Maybe I should try that earth-as-water thing," she mused quietly, before shrugging.

With the back and forth motion of the waves moving as a constant background guide, Toph began to experiment, changing the way she moved her chi within herself and the earth below. In and out, back and forth, over and over. Step forward, her arms thrust forward. Pull back, draw her arms back. Forward again, slowly advancing up the beach one step forward half a step back at a time.

It was slow going at first, but eventually, she felt it begin to change as she found a rhythm that worked. Then, on the next draw inwards, sand hissed as it rushed around her feet, over her ankles, piling up behind her. She stepped forward, out of the stand, and the piled up mass rushed forward, carrying her with it and causing her to stumble and fall on her face.

Laughing, Toph stood up and dusted herself off, before trying again. Keeping her eyes open this time, she watched as she drew sand in towards herself and sent it rushing back out across the beach in a wave. From there, it was just a matter of figuring out what she could do.

It was as she created a small wave beneath herself and solidified the sand beneath her feet into something closer to sandstone and sent herself surfing up and down the beach fast enough to make her eyes water that everything just seemed to click into place in her mind and she got it. It wasn't that sand didn't behave like stone—it did. No, it just behaved like an entire avalanche of tiny little boulders falling all over each other at the same time. And because there were so many of them, they were so tiny and so light, and they bounced off of each other and everything around them like they did that they also moved like water.

But that didn't mean that she couldn't reshape them—either individually or the whole mass. It didn't mean she couldn't make them solid—she just had to force them to come together properly. She just had to change the way she was thinking about it. She couldn't just do big shoves and hits the way she could with normal rock, because all that would get her was big jets of sand blasting whichever way she pointed. Most of the aggregate that made up the whole of sand—or at least, the sand on this beach—was rounded and smoothed out by water, wind, and time with only a bit of it more roughly shaped. That was why it had trouble holding together.

So, what if I change how it's shaped and start merging pieces?

Sitting down near the water again, she cupped a handful of sand and focused on it. Willing it to change shape the way she shaped stone to make structures. To merge together, bit by bit, into the shape she wanted.

Slowly, she felt the change start—first one piece, then a few, then hundreds at a time, then thousands. Until eventually, the whole of the mass of sand in her hand flowed together. First, it became more like the consistency of mud, then clay, until it hardened to a white stone as solid as anything she had ever created before. Picking up more sand, she did it again—faster this time. Grinning, she reached into the ground below her and sand flowed, solidifying as it rose beneath her into a sphere larger than she was tall in just a few seconds.

Grinning like a loon, she reached into the stone in her hand that she'd created and broke it down, reversing the process—except with the intention of making every grain shaped more like tiny grains of rice… very sharp grains of rice. That turned out to be a very bad idea when, the moment she went to move it off of her hand, it shredded her palm.

Toph yelped, crushing the sharp sand back into a rock and pulling out all of the pieces that had embedded themselves into her hand. "Shit," she winced, pulling her belt off and wrapping her hand up.

Right. Don't play with sharp sand myself. But uh… definitely using that on someone. I need to see what else I can do with it.
"…And that's when Hei Bai got him. At least, we think that's what happened. He screamed. The spirit roared. When we got there, there was nothing but a panda-shaped spirit and a few tracks."

Suki winced, sucking in a breath. "Right. Don't make the spirits angry," she murmured.

We stepped out onto the beach from the path and I spotted Toph down by the shore. As we started that way, I continued, "Generally a good idea, yeah. Though sometimes, that's not really something you can avoid."

Suki nodded once. "Dealing with spirits is one of the duties of the Avatar."

I shook my head. "No, being the bridge between the spiritual and the physical realms is the Avatar's most important duty. Everything else should come after. Personally, I don't believe they should get involved in earthly politics at all."

"The Fire Nation would say that."

Rolling my eyes, I sent Suki an amused look. "Yes. Yes, I would. Do you know why?"

"Your people killed all of the airbenders, trying to break the Avatar cycle," she sent me a reproachful look.

"People in glass houses shouldn't throw stones."

Frowning, the redhead asked, "What's that supposed to mean?"

Raising an eyebrow, I asked, "Do you really want to hear how people outside of Kyoshi Island and the Earth Kingdom remember Avatar Kyoshi, and why that is?" When the girl looked away, I nodded. "Instead of blaming each other for the sins of our fathers, we should be working to make sure we don't leave any behind ourselves. Otherwise, the entire cycle is going to continue as it has historically with one nation blaming another for some slight, going to war with what they believe to be just cause, only for that nation to then wage war in the next generation and maybe decide to attack someone else for not helping them in their time of need or whatever reason they can convince their people of that it's worth it."

Suki thought on that for a few moments as we crossed the beach, before asking, "Fine. What does the Avatar not getting involved have to do with it?"

"The Avatar getting involved only makes things worse. Any conflict becomes larger in scale when the Avatar takes the field. More people die. Landscapes get rearranged. Nations change leaders. Worse, the Avatar taking a side can give the entire world reason to believe they're right, even when they're in the wrong. Think about it, Suki. What if Avatar Roku had decided to side with Sozin, his former best friend and brother in all but blood? He had every reason to. I think we both know what would've happened."

Suki went quiet for a moment, before murmuring, "The war would have been over long ago and we'd all be living under Fire Nation rule."

"Exactly. That's why I believe the Avatar should remain uninvolved, unless it gets to the point where they're the absolute last resort, or something so awful is happening that something needs to be done immediately. If Roku hadn't died, then the attempted genocide of the Air Nomads would have been plenty reason for him to step in and start sinking ships. Maybe bump Sozin off the throne and make sure that whoever took it next understood that killing off an entire group of benders to try to break the Avatar cycle is bad for everyone. But the four nations going to war for whatever reason? The Avatar should stay out of it, except to make sure that the war doesn't disturb the spirits. It's none of his business if the Earth Kingdom wants to expand their territory, or the Water Tribes are killing each other. The only time it would be is if, again, we're talking about wiping out another group entirely, or they made the mistake of attacking the Avatar's family."

"I don't like it."

I nodded. "Yeah. You're not supposed to."

"What?" she sent me a confused look.

Laughing, I explained, "That's the nature of compromise. Both sides want something. Neither gets what they want, or only get some of what they want, or they get what they want at a price. But either way, neither side is entirely happy about the result because not everything went the way they wanted. Otherwise, it wouldn't be compromise, but a mutually beneficial arrangement."

Suki glared at me. "Then you may as well ban coal powered ships and whatever else the Fire Nation have that the rest of us don't, because those things change the balance of power and can make wars worse."

"Concentration of power," I countered. "Ships cost money, materials, and man hours to build. A single ship—no, even a fleet of flying ships like mine can't do as much damage as quickly as the Avatar, and with so few people able to counter them. No, if you let the Avatar get involved in politics, you may as well just drop any pretense that nations have sovereignty—because at that point, rulers would only rule and nations would only act as long as the Avatar allowed. You may as well rename them from Avatar to Immortal God Emperor."

The girl opened her mouth to argue, only to pause, then slowly close it with a click as she frowned. Toph looked up as we approached and grinned, and Suki and I put the discussion on hold. "Hey guys. Zuko! Look what I can do!"

I raised an eyebrow as she narrowed her eyes and sand rose below us into what looked to my eyes like a perfect reconstruction of Gaoling, before shifting to Omashu, then Kyoshi Island. "Wow. That's some fine detail," I murmured, crouching down to study the buildings making up the island's villages. Frowning, I pointed and asked, "Wait, those are people. And they're moving."

"Heh heh! Yeah!" Toph nodded, squatting across from me and giving me a view of her muscular thighs and the pair of my boxers she had stolen for herself.

"Wait," Suki murmured, tilting her head to the side as she studied everyone moving about on the island. "You can sense everyone on the island from here?" she asked, and Toph nodded again. "How?"

"Echolocation," I answered immediately, and Toph pouted, sticking her tongue out at me.

"Yeah. I make a sound here, it hits something across the island, and comes back."

"How did you get around the limits with sand?" I asked. "If you can see through it at all, your range should be crap."

"Oh, it is," Toph nodded. "But!"

As she reached down to the sand, I noticed that one of her hands was wrapped in her belt. Taking it in my own, I unwrapped it and winced, before coating her hand in green fire. "Toph, what the hell? You should have said something."

"That looks nasty," Suki murmured, studying the other girl's hand as it quickly healed. "What did you do to it?"

The shorter girl shrugged. "No point whining about it when I did it to myself. Besides," she grinned at me, "I knew you'd fix it for me. Anyway! Watch!"

Holding up her fistful of sand, she squeezed her hand, before opening it and showing us a sand-colored rock. I cottoned on immediately. "You can meld sand into rock."

"Yuuup! That's how I hurt my hand. I made sharp sand and it uh, it just shredded everything. Didn't even try to do it."

"Uh huh," I murmured. "So the island?"

"Oh, I turned the sand below us into a big plate of rock. The sand only goes down a few feet now, and I made a pillar of stone up to me," she thumped one foot against the ground and it clacked beneath her as her stone sandal came into contact with the stone below. "I'm vibrating the whole thing so it's actually picking up a lot further than just the island, but there's not really anything interesting on the sea floor."

Chuckling, I stood and pulled her up, and into a hug. Toph made a surprised sound, but quickly returned the hug. "Have I told you you're awesome lately?"

"No."

"Well, you're awesome," I chuckled, kissing the top of her head and letting her go.

When she stepped back, the usually rambunctious tomboy was blushing. Looking away, she reached up and punched me in the arm hard enough to bruise later. Grinning, she nodded, "I know."

Nodding back towards the interior of the island, I started walking towards Suki's village and the girls followed. That is, until the sand below us rose up and solidified at the top, and we began rushing along the beach with a hiss of sand. Toph grinned as she reached out and took my hand. "Very nice," I laughed.

"Can't really do it on the trail back, unless I turn the whole path into rock or sand first," Toph admitted.

Suki shook her head. "Please don't. We don't want an easy trail straight from the beach to our home for just anyone to follow."

"Sure," Toph agreed as the swell of sand let us off into beachgrass. "So, when are we leaving to go after the pirates?"

"In a day or two. As soon as we get those supplies. I spent all day talking to Oyaji while you were busy. So, the old guy's basically the closest thing Kyoshi Island has to an official leader." Toph nodded at that and I continued, "He agreed. As long as we don't cause problems, we're allowed to stay. He even agreed to let us build ourselves a place to stay while we're here, so we're not imposing on Suki and the girls."

"It's not an imposition," Suki was quick to deny, but Toph snorted quietly.

"She means they don't want to have to cut new peep holes into whatever place I build for us," the gremlin leered up at Suki, who turned a glare on her. "But hey, good news is, if we've got our own place, you can all sleep soundly. No more rubbing yourselves raw at night."

Suki made an annoyed sound and looked away. "I have no idea what you're talking about. If we've been watching you, it's only to ensure the safety of the village."

"Uh huh. Suuure," Toph teased.

"Anyway," I sighed, reaching out and smacking Toph lightly on the back of the head. "Good work on the reconstruction and those walls."

"Thanks," she grinned, eating up the praise. "Wasn't hard. We got everything done before lunch."

"So," I sent Toph a curious look. "Tell me about this sharp sand stuff."

"Easier if I show you. I played around with the stuff a bit and it's kind of wild," she shook her head. Stomping her foot, a rock jutted out from the ground ahead, before dissolving into much darker colored sand. A thin tentacle of sand whipped towards a tree on the side of the path, wrapping around a limb overhead. It squeezed and moved, circling the limb as dust rained down. A moment later, the limb fell to the ground off to the side of the path. She whipped the tentacle out again, slashing the tree's trunk and leaving behind a deep, ragged gash that I fixed with green fire to avoid complaints about the destruction. Finally, the tentacle whipped out again and the leading edge narrowed and solidified, before thumping into another limb above and cutting straight through it.

"Okay. That's nasty," I murmured and Suki nodded.

"Remind me not to get on her bad side," the redhead mused as she picked up both limbs and looked them over. "Jagged cut on the first. It looks like something chewed through it. The second is clean, like a sword stroke."

I nodded. "Yeah, the first reminded me of a chainsaw."

"That's not all. Hold one of those out," Toph instructed, and Suki did as she asked. Narrowing her eyes, the end of the tentacle narrowed down and grew pointed, before stabbing forward and punching through the limb. There was a crack and the end of the limb exploded as the sand bulged and writhed, breaking it apart. Suki dropped the limb and stepped back, wincing as Toph laughed. "I was wrong before. Sand is awesome! But uh, if Yue got over her squeamishness, she could really do some nasty stuff."

"Oh yeah," I nodded. "You have no idea. Waterbending is one of the most underrated types of bending. But it looks like you figured out how to do earth as water?"

"Still working things out," Toph admitted. "But I've got ideas! I haven't been this excited about bending since figuring out metalbending." She paused, then gasped quietly. "Oh! Oh! This, but with metal! Zuko! We need to go to town! I need iron!"

"There's a small forge in our village," Suki supplied with a grin. "I'm sure they'd be happy to sell you some."

"What are you planning to do with it?" I asked, and Toph gave a malicious little giggle.

"Make iron sand."

"So iron filings," I supplied, and she nodded. "Nasty. I imagine it'll be easier to work with if you don't have to break it down every time you want to use it. So you'll need to keep it in something, because I don't want that stuff getting out and accidentally getting into our eyes, or our lungs."

Toph winced. "Yeah, that'd suck." Humming, she said, "And you did say I should carry a weapon. I can make normal sand take basically any shape I want, it's faster to work with than stone, and if I need to I can just turn it into stone…"

Another rock jumped from the ground and Toph caught it, reshaping it in her hands—turning it into sand as she reshaped and solidified it into a gourd shape, no different from what I'd seen more than one person walking around keeping their sake in. More rock poured from the ground, turning into sand and spinning together into a shape like a rope around the gourd as she hung it from the bloody belt around her waist. "There. That should be enough to make a good handle, and big enough inside to hold enough iron filings to make a decent hammer or something."

Considering the girl, I said, "Let me tell you about the flanged mace…"
"Are you sure this is going to work?" Toph asked as she and Suki eyed the set of metal water barrels I'd installed on the ship, and the hoses looped beside the rear two, attached to a pair of pumps I'd had some help building from Toph. On the top of each pair was copper tubing wound in a spiral leading from the rear tanks to the front tanks—with the spiral elevated slightly on the back end and lower at the front end to ensure proper water flow.

"It's simple science," I explained. "Without Yue, we need a way to make our own clean, fresh water. This is it."

"How does it work?" Suki asked, as Toph moved back to check the coal and make sure that was topped off. Inside, I could hear the other Kyoshi girls stowing their gear and setting up their hammocks from the loops I'd welded to the cabin's ceiling.

"We pump in salt water into the rear tanks using the pumps we made, then detach the hoses and seal the tanks. I heat the heating elements inside them with firebending and bring it up to boiling," I tapped a thermometer attached to the top of the tank I was standing beside. Unfortunately, I had no convenient way of properly measuring in Fahrenheit, so I'd done the next best thing of using Celsius—because as much as I hated it, the boiling point of water was a known element and setting that at one hundred was just more convenient at the moment.

"Salt water boils and becomes steam, but leaves the salt behind because the melting point of salt is way higher than the boiling point of water. Steam takes the path of least resistance into the copper pipe. Heat radiates outwards and it cools, and condenses back into water. Simple gravity flow means it flows into the fresh water tank and fills that. We lined the inside of those tanks with copper for a reason—to kill anything nasty that we can't see and prevent the water from spoiling. So, we should be good for drinking water. More copper pipes are connected to the spigot here and leads to the cabin inside, where I installed another pump, a coil around a bar of iron I can use as a heating element, a bath tub, and a small sink. If Toph turns the pump and I heat the water, we can have hot baths just big enough for two at a time, or use the sink. The drain on the bottom leads to the rear of the ship and has a shutoff valve both in the drain itself and outside to keep us from taking on water."

I'd have preferred making a shower, but that would require constant pumping and heating, as opposed to doing it once and soaking. And as thirsty as the Kyoshi girls acted, I sincerely doubted that they wanted me watching them shower just to provide hot water.

That, and Toph had suggested the idea of kicking the girls out of the cabin so we could bathe together and I liked the idea enough to go along with it.

"How are our supplies?" I asked, and Suki glanced towards the cabin, where the Kyoshi girls had hauled in a couple of crates of fresh fruit and vegetables, a couple of bags of rice, and a bag of salt.

"Between the seven of us, they should last about a week. More if we ration." Stepping a bit closer, she lowered her voice and asked, "How are we um… taking care of other needs. There's not exactly an outhouse."

"Over the side. Very carefully. I installed a folding seat and a grab bar. You'll be fine."

"And um, after?"

"We've got some toilet paper, but your island's general store didn't carry more for us to buy. What do you use on Kyoshi?" I asked, since we had brought a roll from the ship to use for our personal needs.

"Shells, mostly," Suki admitted. "Should I ask Toph to make some scrapers before we set out?"

I made a face, but nodded. I'd had to use a few different alternatives to paper at times and almost none of them were great, but you made do with what you had. "Yeah. Go ahead. Something is better than nothing. Going to go back to the general store and get more soap before we go."

Desalination, fresh water tanks, a bath and sink, and toilet seats weren't the only changes we'd made to the ship, however. With Toph now able to bend metal properly, things I had considered a only a possibility in the future sometime after the war were now suddenly possible, with a bit of ingenuity. For instance, cannon.

They weren't proper, gunpowder fired cannons, but those were on my list of things to make after the war—I just didn't want Ozai getting his hands on them if something happened. These were effectively swivel guns with sights and elevation for accuracy—one on the front, one on either side, and one on the back. They were powered by either Toph or myself through bending and shot stone, bullet shaped cannon rounds loaded from the rear down a rifled barrel—but since they were stone, Toph could bend them into grapeshot instead if we needed it. We had two vertical metal racks beside each cannon containing ten rounds each.

We had tested them from the ship with fairly impressive results—especially working together. If one of the Kyoshi girls was on loading duty, I could heat the stone and Toph could launch it at a pretty decent rate, roughly one every ten seconds, with most of that being time spent heating the round. Those hot rounds would explode on impact, with the potential to start fires. If we didn't heat them, then we could get about one every six seconds, but Toph and I could split up and use one each—her using earthbending to launch them, me using firebending to create small explosions to launch them.

Of course, those stones weren't just good for firing out of cannons. No, I'd made a release system to drop them overboard—over targets, from the air. We had tested that on the beach, to devastating effect. When it came time to deal with the pirate base, we would probably be using the ship to make a surprise bombing run at night to take out strategic targets and get their attention. We had a couple of slabs of stone loaded and strapped down for Toph to make more ammunition from if we needed it, but it wasn't as much as I'd like, given I had to keep weight limits in mind.

Eventually, we finished our preparations and everyone confirmed they were ready to set off. With the sun setting, I took us out to sea westward and a couple of the Kyoshi girls unrolled the balloon as we'd showed them and got everything into place. Soon enough, we were rising into the air and the girls moved around the boat, acting as spotters as they looked for any ships in the area. When night fell, Suki and I cooked us a meal and we divided the watch up. We made sure at least one person would be on watch outside at all times, keeping the ship on course and from running into a surprise mountain while patrolling up and down the deck, looking for light sources in the distance. Being able to see over the horizon from sea level and spot fires or other lights that could indicate the presence of pirates was one of the main reasons why I had agreed to keep the ship airborne overnight.

It was only a few days in before I found myself being shaken awake in the middle of the night. Cracking an eye open, I squinted in the moonlight coming in through the open cabin windows, barely making out one of the Kyoshi girls crouched over me.

Glancing down at Toph still sleeping, I sent the girl an amused look. "If you're wanting some hanky-panky, I'm pretty sure Toph is going to see how far up she can toss you overboard from and have you survive long enough for me to heal you."

"Hah. Tempting~," the girl purred, and I recognized her voice as the most openly degenerate one. "But no. Need you outside. Suki's already up and checking it out."

Nodding, I disentangled myself from Toph and pulled on my pants and robe, before slipping out of the curtain we'd hung between our bed and the rest of the cabin for at least the illusion of privacy. I paused only long enough to grab my spyglass, before I followed the girl to the front of the ship, where Suki stood looking off the side through her own spyglass. She looked up when I joined her, before pointing into the distance.

Far off to the northwest, I saw a flicker of light. Bringing up the spyglass, I hummed as I studied it, realizing it was probably a lamp given the size of it. "Adjust course north, northwest. Increase speed one third."

"Aye, aye," the Kyoshi girl hurried off and a moment later, the ship turned and began to pick up speed.

Eventually, I made out sails and the body of a ship. Suki called it out at the same time. "That's a ship."

I grinned. "Well then. Let's follow it and see where it goes. We'll ascend a bit and match our speed to his. Hang back here in his shadow and watch. I'll need to check the map, but I think he's off the normal shipping lanes."

"So, a pirate?" Suki asked, and I made a so-so gesture.

"Pirate, someone avoiding pirates in the normal shipping lanes, or a merchant working with pirates to fence goods. We'll learn more when daybreak comes."
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.
Now with Discord!​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:Voltrasin, Tobie42, patiayak237 and 1,328 others
sinereal
May 30, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 33 New
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
Jun 20, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,117
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
33
Commissioned by LurksTheMost.
"Alright, let's go over it again," I said, looking at the three Kyoshi girls who would be staying behind.

One of them—the bitchy one—rolled her eyes and Suki glared. "Girls."

The girls straightened up a bit and the irritable one sighed. "Three red means retreat, circle around to the east, descend over the far side of the island south of the eastern port, and prepare for combat because the mission's blown and either someone's been captured or you're coming in hot."

"Three blue means come down over the south and descend, situation normal," the horny one continued.

The last one finished, "Three green means you need immediate exfiltration. Dive, drop a rope, and fly over where we saw the flares come up from fast for pickup. Two of us will use our bows to make sure no one tries to board."

"You're forgetting one," the fourth Kyoshi girl pointed out. "Red, green, blue. Pull back, set down on the water over the horizon, then return tomorrow night."

"And a signal fire from the highest point on the island means something has happened and we need pickup from that location," Suki supplied.

"That's it," I confirmed.

"Are we ready to go yet?" Toph asked, thumping into my side with an annoyed sigh.

I looked to Suki, who nodded. "We're good."

"Alright." I looked to Toph. "Remember, don't struggle. Deep breath before you let go."

The girl nodded and we moved over to the rope hanging off the side of the ship. Suki went down first, followed by her sister. I waited until I heard the second splash, before grabbing the rope and sliding myself down. Looking up, I spotted Toph following me down and let go. The drop to the ocean was short and I was back above the surface before she was at the bottom.

As soon as she let go, I moved forward and dove after her, grabbing her before she could get too far down. With a heave, I pulled her to the surface and Toph gasped as I pulled her up against my chest, and started stroking for the shore with one hand—Suki's sister following behind us to make sure we didn't go off course. Above us, the ship pulled away, climbing higher and turning to circle around

"Nice, even kicks," I spoke into her ear and she nodded, her legs starting to kick as she matched the rhythm of my own kicking.

"I hate the ocean," she grumbled quietly as she clung on tightly to my arm under her breasts.

"Not my favorite," I admitted. "Who knows what could be down there."

"Shut up~!"

We'd tried to teach Toph how to swim and between Yue and I, we had done a fairly good job. The problem was, Toph's muscle to fat ratio meant she sank unless she actively worked to stay up. And while that was fine when we had a waterbender around to fish her out of the drink if she slipped up, and the places where we'd taught her to swim weren't too deep anyway, we didn't have Yue with us now and if she went under and I lost track of her, she'd be gone—and neither of us trusted her ability to swim well enough to chance that. But we needed her on the island, so I'd agreed to carry her in.

Eventually, I heard Suki up ahead as she hauled herself out of the water. "It should be nearly deep enough to stand in, Zuko."

I pulled a few more strokes, then reoriented and stood, hefting Toph up to her feet as we left the water, the last Kyoshi girl hurrying up behind us, laughing quietly. "That was fun!"

"Toph?" I asked as we moved up out of the waves, blasting a wave of heat off of my body to dry off and then taking a moment to do the same for the others as best I could.

"Yeah, gimme a minute," she said, visibly focusing before the rocks and sand at her feet turned into a pair of her usual sandals, with stone twisted into rope taking the place of the straps. A moment later, I felt a faint rumble in the earth beneath us, then for just a second there was a sound just at the edge of my hearing.

We gathered around as the sand in front of Toph shifted, rising up to take the shape of the island—generally arrowhead shaped, with an interior lake. The south side of the island rose at a somewhat steep angle to the top of what was obviously an old caldera before descending to the mostly flat center, and a depression in the middle with the lake. To the northwest, things tapered in the arrowhead shape, with the land much less steep down to the far side. From our observations from the air, we knew it to be roughly two miles from the northernmost tip to the southernmost, and a mile and a half wide at the widest point, directly across the caldera to the south.

Spoiler: Island Map

There were three ports—one on the northern tip of the island, one on the east side of the island, and one on the southwest. The eastern and southwestern ports were both new construction—the work of earthbenders, given that they had cut paths up the caldera and then made their own tunnels into the inner part of the island. The port to the north had looked much older from the air and seemed to be mostly made of wood—and it was where the small fleet of fishing boats belonging to the island's original inhabitants were still tied up. However, we hadn't seen any of them go out in our observation from the air the day before and we had all come to the conclusion that it was very possible that the natives had either been forcibly relocated, or more likely enslaved.

Studying the map Toph made, there appeared to be two major villages and three minor ones on the island. The smaller villages had sprung up around the ports and, even at this hour, were busy with people moving back and forth through the streets. The two larger ones were in the north near what had looked from the air like farmland, and in the caldera beside the lake, with what looked very much like a palace surrounded by a village worth of buildings and tall walls.

"That's a lot of people," Suki murmured.

"Are those… cages?" the other Kyoshi girl asked, pointing to the northern village—specifically, to the blocky shapes of buildings that were open from the top for us to see into.

"Looks that way," Toph nodded. "There are stone bars over all the windows and doors too, but they're kind of hard to show from here—"

"It's fine Toph, this is great," I told her, before pointing at the palace in the caldera and the village surrounding it. "What do you think? Looks like somewhere a leader would fort up to my eyes."

Suki hummed, before nodding. "Most likely. So then, this is their main base," she pointed to the palace village, "this is where they're holding their prisoners," the northern village, "and the other three are for taking in and sending out goods?"

"Makes sense to me, but we should confirm it," I agreed. "Split up?"

"Mm," Suki agreed. "We'll take the eastern port if you'll go west. We'll climb inland and meet south of the northern port?"

Considering the map, I nodded. "Sounds good. And if you have to drop any bodies—"

"We'll clean up after ourselves and make sure no one finds them," Suki confirmed. "If we don't see you by daylight?"

I pointed to the northwest corner of the caldera—the highest point on the island, overlooking both the interior of the caldera and the port to the north. "Head here, then signal for pickup. If we don't see you, we'll head there first and wait."

I left it unsaid, but the implication was clear—if the girls didn't show up, Toph and I would track them down and bail them out, but we didn't expect them to come for us without backup.

We split up and Toph and I hurried up the beach. Thankfully, we didn't really have to worry about leaving tracks given just how rocky the beach was. On the other hand, in the dark the terrain made it very easy to potentially misstep and twist or roll an ankle, so going was slow and much too noisy for my liking. The lack of trees or anywhere to really hide was irritating, so I did the next best thing and led us up the caldera's slope so we would at least be above any potential threat and have a better view of anyone approaching.

Soon enough, we began to hear sounds on the wind—muffled conversations and someone picking at a stringed instrument. The dock and the little town came into sight and Toph and I crouched and watched for a while in silence.

Eventually, she murmured, "Doesn't look like much. A few houses for the guys who work here, some storage buildings, and the bar." She cocked her head slightly, then amended, "Or brothel. Both I think. Everyone's in there or sleeping."

"Let's go have a look," I whispered.

Staying low, we crept down to the outskirts of the village. The entire place had obviously been built with earthbending. The ground had been leveled, raised, and extended out from the beach. A stone pier extended out into the water. The buildings were all simple, blocky stone structures with a few pieces of wood or leather here and there serving as doors and window covers—the latter of which were thrown open to let in the breeze.

I found a good place to look into the windows of the brothel from nearby, but not so close that the light coming from them would give away my presence. It only took a few moments to figure out that I was looking at the crews of the two ships docked at the end of the pier, and a few women who were lukewarm to their advances at best. Signaling Toph, we moved away, back up the side of the caldera and further north. The sounds of the small port faded behind us before we quietly spoke again.

"I don't think any of them were benders," she began, and I shook my head.

"No, just normal pirates, I think."

"I know we said this was just going to be a scouting mission…"

I sent her an amused look. "It is."

"Are you sure? I mean, they were just right there. Completely unaware. I could have the entire room sank through the floor before they realized they were in a fight," Toph pointed out, stepping close enough to bump me with her hip.

Reaching out, I rubbed the top of her head, running my fingers through her hair as I scratched at her scalp, earning a pleased sound from the shorter girl as I did. "I'm sure. The moment we drop a body, we're on a timer. We don't know if we have enough people to take the whole island by stealth and almost definitely not by force. We need Uncle and his men."

Toph let out an annoyed sigh, but nodded. "Fine."

"How are the others doing?"

"Let me check." We stopped for a moment and Toph focused as the ground beneath her feet shifted slightly. She hummed. "Looks like they just reached their port. It was a bit further from where we came ashore than ours."

"They don't look like they're rushing, or they've raised the alarm?" I asked, and she shook her head.

"Alright, we'll keep moving and you can have another look when we get where we're going."

She nodded and we continued our climb up the side of the caldera, careful not to slip on any of the moss or lichen growing on the rocky slope while staying low enough to hopefully not silhouette us against the sky if anyone from the port happened to step outside and look in our direction. It was cloudy tonight, but the moon was just shy of full, so while it was dark there was still enough light for two people moving up the slope to be spotted if we weren't careful. I would have preferred to wait for a new moon, but we didn't want to waste the time and risk Suki's people being moved if they were here. I couldn't blame her for that, but at the same time, it made things riskier for us.

Eventually, lichen gave way to scrub and grass, then trees as we neared the top of the caldera. Just inside the treeline, we found a path that had obviously once been a walking trail or a goat trail, but which had since been cleaned up and paved by an earthbender. With trees on either side to hide our presence and the stone below our feet letting Toph know well in advance if someone was near enough to potentially see or hear us, we were able to move much faster. We passed our backup rendezvous spot, stopping only long enough to make sure it would be visible from the air before moving on.

As we got close to the northern village, we stepped off of the path and into the forest, carefully making our way around and down the slope until we reached the smaller northern port village. We took a few minutes to check the port itself and found it was practically identical to the first one, save for the fact that most of the buildings were older, original wood construction and had clearly been a fishing village before it was captured. We found a good place to set up and wait for the others, and Toph set up to monitor their progress.

"They're coming our way. Don't seem like they're in a hurry and I don't see any commotion from the other port, so it doesn't look like they were spotted."

"Great," I nodded, leaning against a tree and making myself comfortable. A moment later, Toph settled in my lap and leaned back against my chest. A thought occurred and I asked, "This is obviously a natural volcanic island. We're near enough to the Fire Islands and the entire area is known for geological and volcanic activity. So… how active is the one we're standing on?"

Toph hummed, closing her eyes and pressing her feet flat against the ground. After a moment, she shrugged. "I can feel lava beneath the surface."

"Magma." At the word, Toph shifted to send me an annoyed look. "It's magma beneath the surface and lava only once it's above the surface."

"Fine. Mag-ma," she rolled the word over her tongue and I chuckled.

"Do you think you could make it erupt?"

She considered for a moment before nodding. "Sure, but why would I wanna? I thought we were taking this place back, not burning it down."

"We are," I confirmed. "But they've obviously got more than one earthbender working for them. I want to know how hard it would be for them to decide to blow us all up if it starts looking like they're going to lose."

"Oh," Toph murmured. Humming, she thought about it and shook her head. "The hollow below us doesn't feel like it's under much pressure. I could make it blow, but it wouldn't blow big, you know? It'd be way easier to break the top and drop everyone down into it. As long as I'm here, they won't be able to do either."

"Good. One less problem for us to worry about," I sighed.

Wrapping my hands around the girl in my lap, I slipped a hand under her robe, feeling the warm skin of her toned belly beneath my fingers. Toph's breath hitched for a moment and her body twitched at the ticklish sensation as I began to slowly rub her. One of her hands grabbed the pants over my thigh, clenching them tightly as she turned and buried her face in my chest. Quietly, she warned, "You keep that up and I'm gonna ride you into the ground."

I chuckled, leaning in and kissing her neck, drawing a quiet whimper from the girl. "Not here. Too risky. I'll take care of you when we get back to the ship."

"But risky makes it more fun," she whined, shifting in my lap enough to turn her head and kiss my jaw. "Come on, we can take a few minutes to ourselves—"

"I see you two are enjoying yourselves," Suki's voice interrupted, amusement clear in her tone as she silently dropped into a squat beside us.

"Suki~! You shouldn't have interrupted them! It's not polite!" her sister protested, before a grin spread over her lips. "Another minute and we'd have gotten a free show."

"You mean like every other time you've peeped?" Toph grumbled.

"Enough," Suki stressed the word. "What did you find?"

"Pirates taking shore leave on the west. I counted two boats and crews, thirty eight on shore. Probably a few still on the boats keeping watch. About a dozen women servicing them," I summarized. "North was about the same. Three boats, fifty crew on shore, similar number of women to the first. No benders anywhere."

Suki nodded. "Four ships at the eastern port. All large. We counted at least two hundred men." Frowning, she asked, "You're sure you didn't see any benders? Because I didn't either."

"Nope. None," Toph shook her head. "Or if they were, they weren't being obvious about it."

The four of us shared a look before Suki suggested, "Do you think they're in that palace?"

Toph snorted. "Bunch of pirate benders playing at being royalty? Wouldn't doubt it."

"Zuko, you know the pirate king lady right? What do you think?"

I shook my head. "I don't know her. Uncle suspected he knew who she is from his time in the service, but he didn't tell me anything about her, other than to stay away. I can't say what she would or wouldn't do just from that. Going by the sorts of things people with power have historically done however, and the fact that she probably has the common sense to know that eventually the Fire Navy will come for her… It seems logical to me that she'd choose to fort up in the most defensible position on the island and surround herself with all of the people who can potentially ward off an attack."

Looking to Suki, I said, "Let's move on to that first inland village check to see if that's where they're keeping your people."

The leader of the Kyoshi Warriors nodded and we stood, brushing off the twigs and leaves, before moving quietly through the forest towards the village. The trees gave way to a plain overgrown with tall pampas grass, white tips swaying in the breeze and standing as high as my chest—bare patches indicating where the local farmers had been planting their crops before the pirates arrived.

We crouched and made our way through the long grass to the outskirts of the village, where the grass had been cut away at one point to keep it from encroaching on the buildings, but just as with the farm plots it had clearly had enough time to start spreading. We huddled up again just before the edge of the long grass and looked to Toph, who went still for a minute before nodding her head.

"We're clear. No guards or anything. Sounds like everyone's asleep."

With that, we left the grass and kept low, moving to the first of the buildings. Just as Toph had said, the entire exterior was covered in a very new layer of stone bars, so that even if someone managed to get through the wall or floor, they wouldn't be able to leave the building without removing the bars. Peering in through the windows confirmed that this was where they were keeping their prisoners.

The first building we tried was filled with men, but every one after that were full of women. They were packed with Earth Kingdom, Fire Nation, even a few Water Tribe girls—Southern Water Tribe, unless I missed my guess.

It wasn't long before Suki signaled to the group and backed away from the latest building we had checked in. When we were far enough away, she whispered, "Found them. I recognize some of the girls in that one."

"Well, that's good news. We just need to recon the palace area, then we can go hunt down Uncle and start planning a raid." At that, the two Kyoshi girls exchanged a look and I frowned. "Not enough room on our ship to evac them, which means we'd need to steal one. And there are, at minimum, forty pirates between us and one of those ships—with hundreds more and who knows how many benders at our back if we raise the alarm."

"I know that," Suki hissed angrily, but I wasn't done.

"If we free one group, the rest are likely to hear. And if we don't free them, do you think they're just going to sit quietly and let us leave them behind? We'd be forced to free them too, to keep them from making noise and raising the alarm. Do you feel confident we can lead close to a hundred villagers through the woods and over rough terrain in the dark, and then either slip them past the pirates silently, or attack and overwhelm fifty-odd pirates when we try to take a ship?"

The woman across from me glared. "I know. It just…"

I nodded. "I get it. But I've already fucked up once here and it got us into this situation. I'm not going to half-ass it this time, because someone I care about couldn't stomach the thought of doing what needs to be done. And if that means we have to leave them here a little longer while we go for backup to get the numbers we need to take the pirates on, then so be it."

"Then let's go. The sooner we finish this up, the sooner we can come back," Suki nodded, and we hurried away from the village towards the southern end of the island.

Passing through a tunnel into the caldera, we slipped off the road and into the woods again, until we reached an area that had been cut down and burned back by firebenders, then flattened by earthbenders. A fifteen foot stone wall stood between us and the village on the other side, so we climbed into the trees for a better look.

On the other side, it looked less like a village and more like a small city. Toph's map had been accurately detailed on the building placement and scale, but seeing it in person was a different animal.

The homes and buildings were all of higher quality than those that had obviously been thrown together for speed in the port villages. They were larger, smoother, had sliding stone doors, and even stone shutters on the windows. There were a lot of them and just going by the number with smoke coming out of their chimneys, they were nearly all occupied. And it didn't appear to be just a random collection of homes or buildings to store loot in—I made out several other functional buildings as well, from two obvious blacksmiths, to others that I couldn't place but were clearly not for habitation.

"This is… a lot," Suki murmured, her sister nodding beside her.

"They're settling in for the long haul."

Toph frowned, then hissed, "Shut up and get down! Out of the tree!"

We dropped or slid down and backed up further into the trees, dropping to our stomachs. Pointing through the trees, Toph whispered, "Patrol coming."

We saw the light before we saw the people. A group of four men walked along a path around the exterior of the wall, talking quietly amongst themselves as they went, occasionally looking into the forest as they used bullseye lanterns to see by. We weren't close enough to hear what they were saying, but their general tone sounded relaxed—like a group of bored men shooting the shit on the job.

Once they were past, Suki looked at Toph. "You couldn't have warned us sooner?"

"This is the first patrol I've seen," the shorter girl glared back.

"So they're probably hourly. We haven't been here all that long and Toph hasn't been watching them every minute we have been," I pointed out.

"Do we want to try to get inside?" the other Kyoshi girl asked, and Suki and I both nodded.

"We'll use our grapples to go over," Suki suggested.

"Under," Toph countered. "I can bring us up inside an empty building on the outskirts."

At that, Suki nodded. "Having a way to get back in quickly would be useful."

We moved back a bit further, until Toph found us a natural rock formation in the forest not too far away. With a gesture on her part, one of the big boulders opened up and a set of stairs formed, descending underground. We followed behind and, once we were inside, I created a sphere of chi to light the way.

It was slow going since Toph took the time to actually turn the walls and floor into a continuous stone arch, but eventually she made a set of stairs heading back up. I doused the light as we came up in an empty building. We took a moment to sit down and have some water while we discussed the next part of the plan.

"You want to try for stealth, or just walk out in the open?" I asked, looking around at the others.

"If we get caught sneaking, they're going to go on alert," Suki murmured. Sighing, she reached up and pulled off her headdress, then began undoing her armor. Looking to her sister, she said, "Ditch the armor here, but keep your sword. We'll pick it up on the way back out."

"So what, just walk around like we own the place?" Toph asked, and I nodded.

"That's the idea," I agreed. "A guy and a couple of ladies stumbling home for some drunken fun looks a lot less suspicious than a group of people skulking around in the dark."

"Some drunken fun, huh?" the Kyoshi girl leered as she began scrubbing her face paint off. "That could be arranged~."

"It better not," Toph grumbled.

Soon enough, we were ready. Toph hid the entrance to our tunnel and the Kyoshi girls' gear, and we set out of the house. We'd barely gotten two steps before I found myself bracketed between Suki and her sister, the girls pulling my arms around them—and then the one on my right taking it a step too far by pulling my hand under her robe and covering her bare tit, giggling as my palm rubbed her hard nipple.

"Gonna strangle her." I could feel Toph's glare as she followed behind us, the Kyoshi girl with my hand on her tit chuckling as she squeezed my hand—and in turn squeezed her breast.

"Which way to the palace?" Suki asked, bringing us back on-mission.

"Next left, then straight ahead. Should pass right beside one of those brothels," Toph supplied.

We followed Toph's instructions and the sounds of conversation and music filled the street as we neared the watering hole. This one, like all the other buildings inside this walled town, was much nicer than those we'd seen in the fishing villages. A peek in the windows showed the girls inside were better dressed and, given the coin being thrown around, a bit more enthusiastic than the ones we'd seen before. The pirates were mostly Earth Kingdom and Fire Nation, but there were a few Water Tribe as well—and it very much looked like we had found the benders given that I could sense the chi in the air from just how many were gathered.

We walked right by down the street with no problems, completely ignored by the few people on the street. We were more than halfway to the palace when I felt Toph's weight on my back as she threw her hands around my neck and started kissing my chin and ear. Just loud enough for us all to hear, she murmured, "Patrol coming from ahead, make it it look good."

Suki, who had been all business the whole time, turned and reached up, tilting my face her direction before closing the distance and kissing me just as the patrol rounded the corner. A moment later, the Kyoshi girl on my right whined, "Zuzu~! Me too~!" before forcing me to break the kiss with Suki and kissing me herself. Unlike Suki, she used tongue.

I could practically feel the heat of the glares from Suki and Toph on the side of my face as we walked along and the guard patrol finally spotted us. Laughing, one of them called, "Good luck. You're gonna need it," as they passed.

I felt Toph turn her head to watch them and, as soon as they were gone, she dropped down off of my back—but not before swatting the Kyoshi girl still trying to examine my tonsils in the back of her head. "They're gone. Knock it off."

Breaking the kiss with a giggle, the girl stuck her tongue out. "What? It was for the mission! Really!"

Suki let out a resigned sigh. "Let's get this over with. It's just ahead."

We turned another corner and, with a hop over a much shorter wall, were on the grounds of the small palace. We crept closer and, following Toph's directions, slipped inside.

"One patrol inside, two guards. They're on the opposite end of the building. If we go this way, we can pace them and they'll never know we're here," she whispered, guiding us along through the halls.

As we went, Suki and her sister silently slid open every door we passed, taking note of what each room was and if they were occupied. Halfway around, we found a set of stairs and made our way up to the second floor, which had no patrols according to Toph.

While checking the rooms, we found one that looked like some kind of meeting room, with a large table in the center. Holding a glowing orb of chi over it, we saw a map spread out, covered in small stone representations of ships. Not just what must be pirate ships, but also red representations of what were surely Fire Navy ships.

"They know where your ships are," Suki murmured, raising an eyebrow at me. "This must be how they're avoiding them."

I frowned, realizing the obvious answer to how they knew that. "They've either got people inside, or they've captured a signaling tower. Neither of those is good." Looking over the pieces I said, "It looks like they're going to make a concentrated raid on Gaoling."

"Is that possible?" Suki asked, studying the map herself.

"They'd have about a day's trek inland, but yeah," I nodded. "But… could be they're not actually going after Gaoling, but the port Gaoling, or rather the Beifong family, uses to ship most of their goods into and out of Gaoling by sea. Look for any notes, maybe a journal."

We quickly scoured the room and found what I was hoping to find—a schedule detailing when the pirates planned to make their raid. Pulling out my own journal, I quickly copied the contents over and we put it back where we'd found it. We held off on any discussion of what to do about what we'd discovered for later and quickly left.

It was only once we were out of the palace and deep into the island's forest that Suki said, "We didn't find this 'pirate queen.' Do you think she's with the raiding fleet?"

"She pretty much has to be if she's not here, right? It was a lot of ships."

I nodded at that assessment. "Hitting a big target like Gaoling, or a Beifong shipment, she might want to be there in person to make sure everything goes to plan and nothing comes up missing."

Toph, who had been quiet since learning the pirate fleet's target, finally spoke up. "We're going after them."

"We need to rescue the prisoners," Suki argued.

"My family—!"

"Girls," I spoke up before things could devolve further. "Save it for later. We need to go find Uncle. There's no reason we can't do both. If we have him signal the Fire Navy, they could send ships to blockade the island, freeing us up to go after the raiding fleet. Even just the one ship would be enough to keep the pirates from leaving. They wouldn't risk it with a Fire Navy ship circling their island. It would be on them before they could get over the horizon and disappear."

There was a brief moment of tense silence, before Suki and Toph both nodded. With that, we fell silent and pushed just a bit faster to make it to the rendezvous.
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.
Now with Discord!​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:Voltrasin, Runt23, Dahaka1e and 1,201 others
sinereal
Jun 20, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 34 New
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
Jun 25, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,166
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
34
Commissioned by LurksTheMost.
The ship bobbed and rolled beneath us as we stepped onto the deck of the Fire Navy cruiser. Around us, men were securing things in preparation for the storm brewing overhead. Dark clouds were rolling in from the west, bringing with them a line of rain like a wall and lightning popping all across the storm front. We had barely outrun it and just had time to set down and secure our own ship after spotting Uncle's vessel.

The older man hurried over to us as the first sprinkles of rain started to patter over the deck. "Nephew! You've returned," Uncle greeted with a smile as he looked over our group. "And you've brought friends. Come, let us get inside, before the rain comes. We can have tea."

We followed Uncle inside, and just in time as nearly as soon as we were through the hatch we heard the sound of rain and hail hammering the metal deck outside. Somewhere behind me, I heard the Kyoshi girls comment.

"That sounds nasty."

"Yeah, glad we got down before it hit. Wouldn't want to be in the air and get caught in it."

"Do you think Zuko's boat will be okay?"

"I hope. All our stuff is in there!"

"Zuko?" Suki asked, and I turned to send her a grin.

"Those ships are supposed to be able to ride out most storms on the high seas. So, assuming we don't get hundred foot swells, it should be fine. If we do, we've got bigger problems than worrying about my boat capsizing."

Beside me, Toph let out a quiet groan. "I already don't feel great. I hate the ocean."

Reaching out, I pulled her against my side and gave her a squeeze, which she eagerly returned. Ahead of us, Uncle opened a door and led us inside, to the same room we had used for tea last time. We set down the bags we'd brought over, expecting the storm to last a couple of days, and joined Uncle around the table as someone brought in a tea pot.

"Girls, this is my uncle Iroh. But everyone just calls him Uncle," I introduced as we got settled in. "And Uncle, these are—"

"The Kyoshi Warriors," Uncle chuckled, heating the water in the pot and starting the tea to steeping. "The descendants of Avatar Kyoshi's honor guard, and the women she saved. It is a pleasure to meet you all."

"You as well," Suki returned, if a bit awkwardly given she knew just who Uncle was. "You're… not what I was expecting."

Uncle laughed. "I'll take that as a compliment." Letting out a sigh, his smile fell a bit as he turned serious. "But you are not here for pleasantries. If you returned, it means you've found something."

"Toph, would you?" I asked, and the girl at my side nodded.

Pulling the gourd from her side, she set it on the table, and I quickly moved the teapot as the others cleared off the cups that had been brought in for them. Sand scattered across the table, before taking on the shape of the island. Uncle raised an eyebrow, studying it intently as Toph shaped it from memory.

"I recognize this island. There was nothing on it but a small fishing village. We considered it for installing a signaling station, but ultimately decided on Whale Tail Island instead," Uncle mused, stroking his beard.

"Yeah, that's another thing. We think either one of the signaling stations is compromised, or they've got someone on the inside of the navy," I said, and Uncle frowned at that, but nodded. "So, here's what we've got. Three ports to the east, north, and west of the island, all with small towns built up around them where the non-bender pirates seem to be staying. The east and west ones are new, and there are tunnels cut through the sides of the caldera here to access the interior. All of the buildings and structures there are stone. The north one is older, with some wood structures, but a lot of new stuff."

Pointing to the interior village, I continued, "This is the old main village. It's where they're keeping their prisoners. The buildings themselves are enclosed in stone cages."

"They're keeping the girls they abducted from Kyoshi Island in this building," Suki tapped the building in question, accidentally collapsing its roof. "Oops! Sorry Toph!"

"Great going, Suki. You've made an entrance we can totally use!"

"No need to rescue them when you've squished everyone in the building with your fat finger!"

"She can't help it. She's got finger banging on the brain."

"Are we sure we should let Captain Klutzy come on this mission?"

"True. Maybe she should stay behind and man the ship."

"Yeah, maybe give some of the rest of us a chance to go have fun with Zuko."

"She does seem to be monopolizing time with him…"

"Guys, come on! She still has her uses. Mostly as a flotation device for Toph."

"Shut up," Suki hissed at the others as Toph snorted quietly and rebuilt the building.

Shaking my head, I continued. "There weren't a lot of men there, just those who were probably already living on the island before, but… given how few there are, I suspect there's been some culling."

Uncle sighed, but nodded. "I would not be surprised. Especially if they put up any kind of resistance." Pointing to the center of the caldera, he asked, "And this?"

"A palace and city surrounding it," Suki supplied. "We saw a few benders there, and we assume it's where they're living, but they can't all be benders. There were too many people for that. So they're probably saving the best housing for their captains and high ranking officers. People they want to buy loyalty from."

"Mm. I see," Iroh hummed. "And the so called pirate king? Did you find her?"

"No, she was out. But we know where she's going to be," I answered, and at Uncle's curious look, Toph spoke up.

"They're going to hit Gaoling. Or the port Gaoling uses for my family's trading business."

Uncle sat quietly for a while, thinking it over as I had Toph change the island map and slowly rotate through each occupied area of the island, letting him get a good look. Eventually, he finished his tea and poured himself another cup. Taking a sip to wet his throat, he said, "The pirates will be slowed by the storm, just as we are. How big do you think it is?"

"We couldn't see the end of it from the air, but we spotted it blowing in as we were leaving the island," I reported. "It stretched as far as we could see from north to south. It's a big early fall storm. Didn't seem to have any visible rotation, so I don't think it's a typhoon. Could just be a big rainmaker with some hail and wind."

"The pirates all use sailing vessels. They will be forced to trim the sails, if not bring them down entirely if the wind gets strong enough. It will delay them for as long as it lasts, while our coal fired ship can move unimpeded through the storm. How far from the island are we?"

I focused and summoned my journal to hand, opening it up and turning to the correct page as some of the Kyoshi girls sent it and me weird looks. "it's a spirit thing. Mom got it for me for my birthday years ago. Pretty sure it's something Capt. Zhao picked up at some point," I answered absently, unfolding the pages I'd found containing my copied navigational chart out onto the table as Toph recalled her sand and reformed it into a gourd.

Getting up, I grabbed my pack and rifled around a bit before coming out with a compass and pencil, and a simple straight edge before retaking my seat. "Alright. We left the island and flew directly east for eleven hours and twenty minutes at a speed of roughly thirty knots before spotting you to our north and signaling, then adjusted course and met up." I drew out the lines and walked off a direct path with my compass. "At top speed, you'd make it there in… eleven and a half hours, give or take. Depending on the weather and how rough it gets."

"Do you know how long ago the pirates left?" Uncle asked and I nodded.

"They left at dawn, day before yesterday. Depending on what kind of ships they're traveling with, they should arrive soon. Tomorrow at the latest. Or they would if not for the storm. The notes we found said they planned to get there, set up in a hidden cove not far from the port, and watch for a few days before making their attack. Pretty sure they were hoping to catch a shipment coming or going to make the raid worth it. They didn't say whether the attack was going to be on the port or Gaoling itself."

Uncle nodded. "I would assume the port. Pirates rarely risk a fight that they don't have to, and Gaoling is surely guarded. They would be harried all the way back to shore. No, their goal would be to strike quickly, take what they could, then retreat."

"If they get to the port, they're gonna do more of what they've been doing and burn it to the ground. After they steal whatever's not nailed down! If they kidnap more people to sell for slaves or whatever, then they've got hostages they can use against us if they spot us. We need to go after those ships first!"

I held in a sigh as Suki turned a glare on Toph. "And if the pirates on the island decide that today's the day they're going to ship off my people to be sold somewhere? They already have my people! They haven't attacked yours yet! We should deal with the island first."

The pair of women glared at each other for a moment, before shifting their glares to me. This time, I did sigh. Looking to the man with the most experience in the room, I asked, "What do you think, Uncle?"

He nodded slowly, eyeing my map again. "Nature has given us a blessing. It would be a shame to let it go to waste. Zuko, use the speaking tube to call for the captain."

I stood and made my way over to the tube on the wall to do just that as Toph asked, "You want to use the storm. Okay. So which one are we going after?"

Uncle chuckled, reaching out and snagging the tea pot as it began to slide on the table as the ship rode a wave. "The storm is moving west to east. If it is as large as we hope, then the wisest course would be to liberate the island first. If we are lucky, it will still be overhead when we reach the island and we can take the northern port, then move on to secure the others, before attacking the city in the center of the island."

I returned to my seat between Toph and Suki and asked what I felt was the obvious question. "What do we do with the prisoners, once we've dealt with the pirates?"

"Mm. A difficult question," Uncle murmured. Glancing up at Suki, he sent her a smile. "Kyoshi Island is on the way to Gaoling. It is a small detour and will only cost us a few hours. We have food and water, and plenty of unoccupied beds on the ship, and what food and water we don't have we can take from the pirates when we free the island."

Blinking, Suki asked, "You would do that for us?"

"Of course," Uncle nodded, sending her a look as though the answer should be obvious. "It is the right thing to do."

"And the others?" I asked.

"Obviously, we cannot transport everyone," he shook his head. "However, there are sure to be some among the prisoners familiar with sailing. Once we remove the threat of the pirates, they can use those ships to return home. Once we see those from Kyoshi home, we will go after the pirates targeting Gaoling."

Toph let out a frustrated breath of air, before nodding once. "Fine."

Looking at Toph, Suki offered, "Once our people are back and we confirm that the pirate base and the main pirate force has been eliminated, Kyoshi Island won't need as many people guarding it. If you give us a few hours, we can try to round up some volunteers."

"That slows down the ship—" Toph started, only for Suki to cut her off.

"We'll take Zuko's," Suki spoke over her. "This ship drops everyone off then gets back on course for Gaoling. You and Zuko come with us to explain everything to Oyaji. My girls and I will head to the villages and ask for volunteers. Then once we've got everyone, we can fly back to the ship and drop them off, before moving ahead to scout for the pirate ships."

"She's going to be slower with more people. We're already losing forty knots with all of the new modifications and you girls," I pointed out.

"…Did he just call us fat?"

"He did!"

"Zuko why?!"

"It's Suki. All the weight is in her chest."

"You sure it's not in your ass?

"No, it's definitely Suki. Let's throw her overboard!"

"Hang on, we still need her as a life preserver."

"I kept saying it looked like she was giving herself larger portions than everyone else."

"Quiet!" Suki growled at her sisters, glaring at the other four as her hands clenched and unclenched in her lap, as though she was imagining wringing their necks.

A knock at the door interrupted our discussion and a moment later, the familiar form of the captain entered. He paused for a moment upon seeing the painted and robed forms of the Kyoshi girls, but quickly brushed it off and saluted Uncle. "Sir."

"Ah, captain. We need to change course." Uncle reached out and tapped the arrowhead shaped island on my map. "This is our destination. Your best possible speed. We should make landfall on the northern tip of the island. Tell the men to expect combat."

The captain nodded. "Yes, sir. I'll make sure we're ready."

"Also," Uncle continued before he could leave. "We are expecting to take on guests, once the fighting is done. We'll be transporting some people to Kyoshi Island on our way to Gaoling, to intercept a pirate fleet. Zuko, how many ships did you say?"

I thought back to the journal with the schedule. "At least eight large ships, maybe twice as many smaller ones. It wasn't a small fleet."

The captain frowned. "We're handling them the usual way?"

Iroh nodded. "Yes. That is why it's imperative we reach them before they can take prisoners."

"Understood. I'll get us under way. Excuse me," the captain gave another salute and hurried from the room, closing the hatch behind him.

"Now, we wait. More tea?" Uncle asked, offering the teapot up and refilling cups as the girls held theirs out. Sending Suki a smile, he asked, "Tell me, do you play Pai Sho?"

Suki sent him an innocent look as her sisters hid smiles behind their hands. "I dabble here and there."

"Excellent! Zuko! Go get the Pai Sho set from my quarters!" Uncle grinned and I rolled my eyes, pushing myself to my feet and leaving the room to track it down. As I left, I heard him ask Toph, "So, what has happened since I last saw you and my nephew?"

"Not much," Toph answered, and I heard the grin in her voice. "We beat up some girls on an island—"

"Hey! They didn't beat us up!"

"No, they tied us up~."

"Getting tied up and gagged like that… I think I awakened a new fetish!"

"We promised we weren't going to talk about that!"

"You promised. We didn't!"
Azula panted as she pushed herself harder, running through another drill. Her body ached, shaking with exertion and dripping with sweat. Her spirit itself protested as she demanded more, breathing in and trying to gulp down as much chi as she could from the air.

Feeling the wisps of energy spread from her lungs through her body, she stepped through the form, looking within herself and separating the chi. Positive chi flowed to her right arm and negative to her left as she swung her arms around.

Shoving what little was left out in front of her, Azula watched as positive chi met negative and an arc of lightning flashed, briefly connecting her and her target. But it was thin. Anemic. It barely left a burn mark on the straw target's chest, where before she had burned fist sized holes through them.

Azula's vision went blurry and the world swirled around her. Her knees felt weak and her heart hammered in her chest. She felt empty—drained entirely of chi and even emotion as a strange sense of calm settled over her, all of the emotions she fueled her bending with burned up as fuel. Her stomach rumbled and she felt so hungry it left her feeling sick, and so thirsty that she felt like she could drink the entire turtle-duck pond.

Just before she would have allowed herself to collapse onto her back, close her eyes, and just rest for a few minutes to recover, a voice from nearby drew her attention.

"Azula~!"

Azula did not groan at the sound of Ty Lee's voice, but it was a near thing. Through sheer stubborn will, she forced herself to stand up straighter and open her eyes, made them focus on the two girls approaching her in the garden where she had been practicing. "Ty Lee. Mai. Welcome back," she managed to get out, before frowning as she took in the lack of her brother with them. She narrowed her eyes and opened her mouth, only for Ty Lee to sweep her into a hug.

"We missed you too!" the handsy, entirely too energetic girl squeezed her, and Azula stumbled, nearly falling over if it weren't for the other girl holding her upright. Making a face as she pulled away, Ty Lee grinned. "You're all sweaty. Mai! Let's go take a bath together~!"

Sighing, Mai nodded and moved up on Azula's other side as Ty Lee wordlessly held onto her, supporting her weight and mostly dragging her towards the baths. "Fine. It'll give us time to talk."

As they passed a servant in the hall, Azula looked at the older woman and ordered, "Have food and something to drink brought to the bath. And a fresh change of clothes!"

"Yes, princess," the woman bowed her head and scurried off as they continued on down the hall.

Soon enough, Azula was stripped, washed clean with Ty Lee's help, and seated in the hot water to let her muscles loosen up between the only two people she considered friends. Closing her eyes, she yawned and rested her head back against the lip of the bath as they waited for the servant to return with food.

Thankfully, it didn't take long for the woman to return, carrying a tray of food over top of a folded bundle of clothes. She put the clothes away where Azula could find them later, before bringing the tray over and placing it down on the edge of the tub. "Will there be anything else, princess?"

"Thank you. And no, that's all. You can go," Azula waved the woman towards the door and listened as her footsteps pattered across the tiled bathroom floor. Only once the door opened and closed again did she crack her eyes open and try to force herself to move, only for Mai's hand on her shoulder to stop her. She sent the taller girl a brief glare as Ty Lee pushed her way through the water and got to the food first.

Ty Lee took a moment to pour three cups of tea and load a plate down with food, before carrying it all through the water and stopping in front of Azula and Mai, who took the offered cups. Popping a rice ball into her mouth whole, Ty Lee chewed and swallowed as Azula bit into her own with much more decorum, despite how utterly ravenous she felt.

Quietly, the princess asked, "Well? Where is he?"

Mai answered, loudly enough that Azula knew the servants (and likely spies) listening in would definitely hear it. "We caught up to Zuko in a little village in the Earth Kingdom. He said to tell you that he's not returning from his voluntary self-exile until he restores his lost honor and worth in your father's eyes by hunting down the Avatar."

For just a moment, Azula felt a flash of anger return as the coals her emotions had burned down to had fresh fuel thrown on top of them. The water warmed around her, fresh steam wafting off of it as she burned off the dregs of chi she'd recovered. The woozy feeling returned and she reined in her emotions and chi, glaring at her two friends.

Internally however, things she had noticed came together to form a picture she didn't like. Zuko's absence. Mai's blatant pitching of her voice for anyone listening to hear. The absolute crock of shit that was the cockamamie story about the Avatar.

It was readily apparent that her friends were lying to her. The question was, why.

Azula knew that others could find her hard to deal with at times, thanks to her brother's repeated warnings on the subject that if she wasn't careful she'd wind up pushing away the only two girls willing to tolerate her. She didn't think it was so bad that they would lie to her face though. At least, not out of malice or spite.

Which means it's something else. And the only other thing that would convince them to lie to me like this, and be so blatant about it, would be Zuko. He told them to lie. Why?

"You've failed me," Azula hissed angrily, crossing her arms over her chest.

"Ehehehe~!" Ty Lee laughed, sticking out her tongue. "Sorry Azula~! He really didn't wanna come back!"

"Were you born this incompetent or did you train at it?" the princess spat, turning away and storming out of the bath. "I should have never trusted this to someone else. I'll go find him and drag him back myself! Tell me you at least know where he's going."

"We do," Mai answered as she quickly got out as well, hurrying to grab a towel as Ty Lee scrambled out behind her.

Ty Lee put the plate and cups down and hurried across the bathroom, grabbing a towel before Azula could and starting to work on drying the angry princess off. She would never say it, but Azula appreciated the effort, since she couldn't muster enough chi to flash dry herself at the moment—she was pretty sure she'd pass out and fall flat on her face if she tried.

"Well, where's he going?" Azula demanded as she held her arms out and let Ty Lee work.

"To check the old air temples for signs of the Avatar. We know which order he's visiting them in, so we can meet him at the next one," Mai explained, but Azula had a feeling that was a lie for the benefit of any listeners.

"Fine! We'll have the ship you used resupplied, then we'll go after him. We're leaving tomorrow, as soon as they're ready," Azula nodded, and from outside, she heard the faint sound of feet hurrying away down the hall.

Shrugging Ty Lee's hands off of her, Azula hurried to grab her clothes. Still damp, she pulled them on as the others got dressed. Pulling her damp hair back, she tied it into a loose tail and, as soon as they were ready, led them out of the palace—sticking to the hidden passages and routes that would keep them away from prying eyes. She didn't bother stopping by her room to collect anything, or letting her father know—he would only slow her down and ensure his spies went with them.

Instead, as soon as she was out of the palace, she led her friends through the city down to the docks as quickly as she could without running. After traveling in silence for some time, Ty Lee finally asked, "Are we in that big a hurry?"

"We are if we want to go without father's eyes and ears following and reporting our every move back to the palace," Azula grumbled.

Eventually, they made it to the dock and Mai pointed out their ship. The girls hurried aboard and Azula made her way to the bridge, where they found the captain looking over a journal, with only one other crewman on the bridge that Azula mentally dismissed. The man frowned as they entered, then snapped to attention upon recognizing Azula. "Princess. How can I be of service?"

Azula smirked. That was what she liked to hear.

"We need to be ready to depart within the hour."

"Within the hour?" he repeated, sending her an incredulous look before shaking his head. "Ma'am, we're resupplying—"

"I am aware. Do you have the fuel and supplies to make it to Shuhon Island and the naval base there?" Azula asked, and the captain frowned.

Considering it for a few moments, the captain nodded. "If we resupplied fully there, then yes. Is that your order?"

"Yes. Make ready and set off for Shuhon Island within the hour. Resupply fully at the Shuhon naval base. Then set course for…?" Azula turned an expectant look on Mai.

"Gaoling. If not Gaoling, then Omashu," the taciturn girl supplied.

At Azula's nod, the captain turned to the other crewman. "Ensign, send word to have the men return and cancel our preparations. Finish loading what we can for the next hour, then prepare to cast off."

"Aye, cap'n," the man agreed, before hurrying off.

Azula turned and left the bridge after him, Mai and Ty Lee following. "Where are we staying?"

"I'll show you to our quarters. Ty Lee, go let June know," Mai instructed, and the shorter of the two nodded.

"Alright~, but she's gonna be annoyed…" Ty Lee hemmed, breaking off from the group and heading for the hatch leading outside.

Sending Mai a curious look, Azula asked, "Who is 'June' and why do we care if she's annoyed or not?"

Mai gave her an amused little smirk, before opening a seemingly random door in the ship. Azula wrinkled her nose at the small room occupied by two bunk beds. "I am not sleeping here—"

"Do you want to go after Zuko or not?" Mai asked, and Azula glared at her friend's backtalk.

After a moment, she realized Mai actually expected her to answer. Rolling her eyes, Azula nodded. "Yes."

"Then don't complain. This ship is small. It's only a corvette. But it's fast. It's a messenger ship. There isn't enough room on board to give everyone their own room. You're lucky this room has enough bunks for the four of us."

"Tch. Fine," Azula grumbled. "But I get the top bunk."

"June already claimed it," Mai shook her head, to Azula's annoyance. When the princess opened her mouth, Mai explained, "She's officially Zuko's bodyguard on paid retainer. She's our tracker. If Zuko isn't in Gaoling, she'll tell us where to go."

"And how is she going to do that?" Azula asked, arching an eyebrow.

Mai's smirk returned. "She has a shirshu."

Azula blinked, and her estimation of the supposed bodyguard, and her friends' reliability went up a bit. "Alright. Now. Tell me what's really going on."

Mai considered her for a moment before nodding. "You should sit down." Azula made to sit on the bed across from her friend, but Mai shook her head. "Not on something flammable."

Raising an eyebrow, Azula crossed her arms over her chest and sat on the floor, away from the bed. "I'm not going to like this, am I?"

"No." Taking a breath, Mai apparently decided to just rip the bandage right off. "Zuko got engaged to the princess of the Northern Water Tribe."

Azula felt her eye twitch, then wobbled as her body reminded her that she was still practically bone dry on chi. Biting down a curse, she glared at Mai. "Explain."

"It's fairly simple, as Zuko told it. He went to the nearest air temple from here, and when we showed up, he ran north to avoid us, thinking we wouldn't follow. There, he met Princess Yue. Zuko did something and wound up engaged to Yue. They left the north together and have been traveling together since. The last we knew, they were going to Gaoling. From there, Zuko wasn't sure where he wanted to go. He had a list. The other air temples, Kyoshi Island, Omashu, Ba Sing Se, the south pole, some library out in the desert."

Azula's hands clenched in her lap as she muttered, "I'm going to kill her. Then strangle him. He's my big brother, some Water Tribe hussy isn't good enough for him, princess or no!"

"Good luck with that." Azula looked up at Mai's tone. Raising an eyebrow that demanded an explanation, Mai shrugged. "She's a waterbender. A damn good one, according to Zuko." That infuriating smirk returned as she added, "Zuzu basically said she was like the Water Tribe version of you."

Azula opened her mouth, only to close it with a click of teeth and a frown as she considered that. For a moment, she almost asked if that meant that he had sought out a girl who reminded him of her.

"Right, something else I should mention," Mai continued, her tone entirely too casual to actually be casual. "Yue wants to have Zuko marry a girl from every nation. Preferably nobles, or as close as they can get. You know, for that whole Fire Lord thing when he comes back."

A shriek built in the back of Azula's throat at that and the room grew warmer as Azula finally hit her limit…

Only to fall over as the world swam for a moment, before going black.
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.
Now with Discord!​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:Voltrasin, Tobie42, skitdvd322 and 1,430 others
sinereal
Jun 25, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 35 New
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
Oct 16, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,375
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
35
Commissioned by LurksTheMost.
Lightning popped on the water around us as we took in the island ahead of us, the boat below our feet rolling and swaying with every motion of the water as the storm hammered us with gale force winds and torrential rain. From the safety of the bridge, the island was a dark smudge on the horizon, occasionally backlit by lightning—blurry through the glass windows and metal slats covering them. The bridge, and the rest of the ship for that matter, was dark—no lights on outside or in any room with windows, no open flames. If it was this hard for us to spot the island, then there was no chance of anyone on the island spotting us, unless we made it easy for them, so we weren't.

"Nasty."

A hand squeezed my ass and I resisted the urge to jump. Reacting would just encourage them. Instead I reached back and eased the girl's hand away.

"You can barely see your nose in front of your face."

A new hand grabbed the other cheek and someone giggled. I pushed away the hand in question. Just ignore it—

"Man I sure wouldn't want to go out in that."

The other cheek, this time a full on squeeze. I flinched as the entire group of girls giggled and swatted the hand away.

"Yeah, you'd have to be dumb as a box of rocks to think that was a good idea."

I intercepted the hand coming from the right side and knocked it away, only for it to come right back in for a grab. I'm gonna kill 'em.

Suki turned an annoyed look on her sisters, her gaze shooting down behind me and up at them in silent warning. "What does that make us, then?"

"Rocks in a box!"

"So dumb!"

"This is gonna suuuck!"

"Hmm… But maybe we'll get a reward for it~."

I spun around as four hands decided to play simultaneous grabass. By the time I got turned around, the Kyoshi girls had their hands behind their backs, all of them wearing looks that said that butter wouldn't melt in their mouths. A fifth hand reached out and grabbed me and I looked down, in time to see Toph squeezing my crotch.

The little shitstirrer grinned up at me. "What? I didn't want to be left out!"

"Ah, youth," Uncle chuckled.

Giving it up as a lost cause, I eased Toph's hand off of me and turned to look at Uncle. "Wait for midnight?"

He considered for a moment, before shaking his head. "No. The storm may have passed by then. We'll make our move now, during the worst of it. Everyone will be reluctant to be outside." Glancing at Toph, he asked, "Is there a place to put in where we won't risk damaging the ship?"

"Yeah, the entire north side of the island is clear. The problem is, it's also all open ground. Anyone looking is going to see the ship."

"That is fine," Iroh nodded. Looking to the captain, he gave the order. "Take us in and beach the ship."

"Beach it, sir?" the captain asked, unsure.

Iroh nodded, before sending Toph a smile. "I'm sure getting the ship off the beach won't be a problem?"

The short girl chuckled. "I can do it."

"Good. Then let us go make final preparations," Iroh nodded. "Captain, let us know when we're about to make land."

"Yes, sir," the captain agreed, and we left the bridge.

The next twenty or so minutes were spent quietly preparing and making last minute checks. I spent the time making sure my swords were sharp as most of Suki's sisters divided themselves between doing the same, checking their fans, and ensuring their shields were ready. Suki herself began preparing a couple of bags with medical supplies, just in case. Toph, on the other hand, had joined Uncle in a game of pai sho, the pieces occasionally clicking on the board as they played and drank tea.

Finally, we heard the captain's voice come from the speaking tube mounted on the wall. "General Iroh, we will beach the ship in just a few moments."

"Thank you, captain," Iroh called as he stood and the rest of us followed suit.

We pulled our cloaks on as we made our way up to the deck, where the soldiers from the ship joined us. There was no need to waste time going over the plan again as the ship slowed and jerked beneath us as it hit the sand, its mass digging a furrow beneath it as it pushed partway up onto the beach. It came to a lurching stop and as a group, we jumped off and split up, rushing to take care of our tasks.

Uncle Iroh and his soldiers would secure the northern dock and our ship before splitting into three groups—one to stay behind on guard, the other two to secure the docks on the east and west side of the island. Toph and I would accompany the Kyoshi Warriors up the slope to take the village with the prisoners, with the Kyoshi girls splitting up and escorting them back either to our ship or the northern dock, where Uncle's men would see them into the buildings to wait for any other prisoners and wait out the storm. While they did that, Toph, Suki, and I would hurry to the far southern port and handle things there. Once all of the ports were secure, enemies dealt with, and prisoners freed and either on their way or hunkered down in place, the majority of our forces—aside from those left behind to guard the northern port and our ship—would meet in the center of the island before moving into the caldera to deal with the main pirate force.

The wet sand turned into a slog as we hurried up the beach and onto the trail. The dark and the rain would have made navigating anywhere except out in the open a nightmare. The fact that from the northern port up the slope to the village was all a big, open field was a mixed blessing. We could see and move quickly, but if the enemy looked outside, there was a chance they would see us coming.

We kept low in the grass, hurrying as fast as we could effectively move. The rustle of grass and splashing of our feet was covered by the sounds of the wind and rain, but dark shapes moving in the grass would still be visible if anyone on the higher elevation of the village looked down and happened to see us during a lightning flash.

Finally, we made it to the village proper and came to a stop just inside the line of grass. We all looked to Toph who took a moment to close her eyes, focusing on the ground through her feet and the stone sandals she wore.

"Five guards. Four playing something around a table in that building," she pointed to a newer stone structure on the outskirts of the village. "One in that one," she pointed to another building near the ones the prisoners were being kept in. "With a woman. Not sure if they're both guards or what, but they're fucking."

Nodding, Suki turned to her sisters and simply pointed at the building with the pair enjoying themselves. Then, she started moving up towards the other building. Toph and I moved to follow. Quietly, she asked, "How do we want to handle this?"

Thinking about it a minute, I grinned and looked to Toph. "Drop them underground, then push them back up one at a time."

Grinning, the short girl nodded. Concentrating, she stomped her foot and we faintly felt the ground rumble beneath our feet. "Done."

We moved into the room and Suki sighed. "It's almost too easy."

"Don't jinx us," I warned her, before nodding to Toph.

One of the men popped up, head and shoulders above ground level, and I crouched down in front of him. Pulling one of my swords, I asked, "Who's in charge here?"

"Fuck you! When we get out, I'm going to—urk!"

I slid my sword through his throat and motioned to Toph. He sank down and the next one rose up. "Who's in charge here?"

I only had to repeat the process once more before we found what passed for the commander in charge of the prisoners. I spent a few minutes questioning him about the interior of the island while Suki went to check on the others, taking Toph with her long enough to bring down the bars over the homes containing the prisoners. Unfortunately he didn't know much. With no further use for him, I finished him and the last guy off and Toph buried them when she returned.

"Well, that was a waste of time," she grumbled, and I nodded.

"They can't all be winners," I shrugged. "How are the prisoners?"

"Suki's explaining things and they're getting ready to run for the dock."

Nodding, I stepped out into the rain and quickly crossed over to the main building they were being kept in, just in time for the Kyoshi girls to lead them outside and direct them down towards the dock. Suki came over and joined us. "How'd it go?"

"They aren't thrilled about the Fire Nation being here, but at this point, they'll take whatever help they can get," she admitted. "Get anything?"

"Nothing of value," I shook my head.

The girl nodded. "It was worth a shot. Are you ready to hit the northern port?"

I glanced at Toph. "Let's go," she grinned, and we took off jogging onto the path heading south through the island interior. "You think I can actually fight someone this time?"

"Let's try to keep things quiet and stealthy as long as we can," I shook my head.

The shorter girl frowned, but nodded. "Yeah, I guess that's safer."

"Besides, you'll definitely get your chance soon. There's no way we're taking out the town in the center without things devolving into a fight."

Toph grinned. "Nice."

We fell silent after that, carefully moving along down the path towards our goal. Our only hiccup was when Toph quietly signaled and we moved off the path. Only a few seconds later, we spotted light coming from a firebender holding up a flame as a group of three men turned onto the path from side path and made their way towards us.

We heard the complaining before they reached us. "—but seriously, I don't see what we did to piss someone off enough to earn a night patrol in the rain!"

"There's no telling. But bitching about it won't make it go any faster. So why don't you shut up so we can get it over with in silence?"

"There's nobody out here! No one knows we're here! I don't see why we're even bothering with patrols! It's a waste of time."

"Because you were told to."

I carefully slipped my swords out of their sheath while Suki did the same beside me, and Toph produced a mace on the end of a long handle with her sand. We waited until they were past us before slipping out of the brush and creeping up behind them.

The first two were dead before they knew what was happening, as Suki took the head of the one on the left and I stabbed the middle one through the back, driving my swords up through his heart, putting out his flame. The one on the right had just enough time to turn and see the fates of his two friends before Toph's mace came down on his head. He went down with a nasty crack from his skull and neck—his skull deformed and leaking blood and brains as his body twitched. Toph quickly buried them beneath the path along with turning the dirt over to hide the blood and we hurried on our way.

We didn't see another patrol on the way to the southern docks, so were able to move relatively quickly. When we arrived, the lights were on in what passed for a bar but looked to have been repurposed from a storage building. We could hear men and women talking, drinking, and generally having themselves a good time. Toph took a few moments to use earthbending to scout for us and quickly recreated the village in miniature at our feet.

"Twenty or so in the bar. I don't think they're all pirates. Ones and twos in these buildings, seem like they're sleeping. A group of four in this one, all huddled on the floor. It looks kind of like a jail or something to my senses," she quickly reported.

"Split up?" Suki asked, and I nodded.

"Suki and I will take the surrounding houses. Toph, check the jail. If they're villagers, just leave them there for now. Then keep an eye on the situation and if you see trouble, take care of it. Meet up across from the bar."

"Got it," Toph agreed with a grin, and we split up to go about the gruesome work ahead of us.

Leaving my swords sheathed, I pulled my knife and used it to push up the simple latch holding the door locked from inside, then slipped into the first home. This was a small, remote island that survived off of fishing, so I wasn't at all surprised to see that the interior was a single room, with a cot at the far end from the door. Two people snored away in the cot and I quietly checked out the rest of the place to determine whether they were villagers or pirates.

Quickly finding their clothes, and the weapons that had been dropped on the floor beside them, I had my answer. A quick jab to the back of the first one's neck and a slash across the throat for the other had them taken care of, though I had to hold my hand over the man's mouth as he struggled and bled out. Feeling disgusted, I wiped my hand and knife off on the blanket and made my way to the next, reminding myself that these were pirates, slavers, and rapists and they deserved exactly what they got.

Though I'll admit that it's a bit different, looking into someone's eyes as they die, as opposed to burning them or killing them with a sword and moving on. Too personal.

Honestly, it was probably a good thing I didn't enjoy it. I took satisfaction in knowing they wouldn't be alive to hurt more people, but there was a difference between that and getting your rocks off on killing people.

Shaking my head to clear those thoughts, I hurried through checking the remaining houses. All of them were pretty much identical—houses barely worth being called huts, all holding a pirate or two that I left dead in their stolen beds.

When I finished, I made my way to the meeting point and found Suki waiting. She didn't look away from the bar as she asked, "Any trouble?"

"No. You?"

She shook her head, then glanced to the side. I turned to follow her gaze to find Toph hurrying up. "They're prisoners," she confirmed as soon as she was close enough for us to speak and not be overheard. "They saw me and if we don't get them out soon, they're going to make a racket."

"Great," I grumbled. "How do we want to do this?"

"I've had a look inside," Suki began, and I nodded, motioning for her to go on. "There are a few villagers—the cook, and some women who are serving drinks and acting as… entertainment." Pointing up near the top of the building, I spotted the outline of a window or something that had been closed from the rain. She continued, "I want to go in from the top, at the rear of the building."

"Gonna need a distraction so they don't hear it open," Toph pointed out, and Suki nodded, sending the shorter girl a smile.

"I'll leave that to you."

Toph grinned, turning to me with a look that practically begged me to agree. "Yes, yes. We can go in through the front door and make a scene. I'll leave that to you."

"Yes!" she cheered quietly. Turning back to Suki, she waved the Kyoshi girl towards the building. "Go!"

Chuckling, Suki slipped quietly but quickly across the muddy path that passed as a road and disappeared behind the building. Toph and I stood and made our way up to the front door. I held it open for her and she stepped in ahead of me. I made sure to close the door, then found the bar to keep it shut, dropping the big slab of wood into place as Toph threw back her hood and planted her hands on her hips. The bar had gone silent as everyone stared at Toph.

"Good news, losers! There's been a change in management! We're in charge, now! So for all you dirtbags, criminals, and pirate scum, this is your chance to throw down your weapons and surrender. If you do, you might get to live to see tomorrow! Any takers?" she demanded, shit eating grin on her face as she looked over the crowd.

Several of the pirates laughed, while many began pulling out weapons. One off towards a corner frowned and asked, "Hey wait, don't I know you from somewhere?"

That brought the pirates up short as they collectively paused, as Toph focused in on the guy in the corner. Studying him for a moment, she hummed. "Nope. Never met you."

"No hang on, I swear," he mumbled, thinking on it. "Was it in Ba Sing Se? No, uh… Gaoling?"

Toph's face lit up as she laughed. "Oh! No, I bet I know what it was! You went to the Earth Rumble, didn't you?"

"Yeah! That's it! I," he paused, then swallowed as he paled abruptly. "Oh. Oh shit! You're the Blind Bandit!"

Toph grinned. "Yup~."

The man abruptly stood and hurried for the back door, shaking his head. "Nope! Nu-uh. No way. I'm out!"

Toph took a single step forward, and across the room, a slab of rock jutted up in front of the back door. The man trying to flee whimpered as his shoulders slumped. A downward thrust of her palm had the ground opening up and swallowing the three waitresses I had counted, their yelps cut off as rock covered the ground above their heads.

That pushed the pirates into motion as those that hadn't already abruptly stood, drawing weapons. None of them appeared to be benders, so at least we didn't have to worry about that.

Movement from above drew my eye and I caught a flash of silver in the lantern light as Suki dropped from above, landing on the back of one of the pirates and drawing her sword across his throat, before pushing off and landing in a roll. Her katana swept out at ankle level and sent three more to the ground howling. Who I guessed was the chef lunged towards one of the pirates with a cleaver and buried it in the other man's neck with a roar.

The attention of some shifted towards the back and I stepped in, drawing and swinging in a single motion as I removed a man's hand holding his own sword. Toph jumped into the fray with a laugh, a big two-handed mace swing caving in a man's chest, then shifting to rock armor over her forearms as she deflected a swing at her head and returned with a punch that cracked the guy's jaw and snapped his head around at an unnatural angle, sending him to the ground as she moved on to the next.

My sword flashed out, catching arms, legs, and slicing throats where I found the opportunity as I worked my way through the crowd. Suki pushed in towards me and we found ourselves back to back, covering each other's blind spots as we moved, while Toph did her best to drive people towards us since, between her ridiculous strength and rock armor, she could just ignore the blows hammering down on her and then use her sand to bat people in our general direction.

The fight was short, brutal, and entirely one-sided.

When no one was left standing, Suki and I went about finishing off the men on the ground and making sure the rest were dead. Toph unblocked the door and brought the women back above ground. The three girls hurried over to the chef and clung to him as the man eyed us warily. One of the girls followed Suki with wide eyes.

"We don't have time to stick around, so listen. Are you natives to the island, or are you from somewhere else?" Toph asked as we worked.

"Aye. I'm from the island," the cook nodded, along with two of the girls.

"I, I'm from Kyoshi Island," the girl watching Suki answered. "Suki, is that you?"

The redhead looked up and sent her a smile. "Yep. We're all here. Don't worry, we're taking you all back home."

Toph glanced over at us before nodding. "Alright. Stay hunkered down here for the night. We've cleared out the pirates at the other ports and the village where they were keeping the prisoners. We'll come for you," she nodded to the Kyoshi girl, "when we get done clearing out the pirates in the middle of the island. Got it?"

The four all nodded as we opened up the door and Toph took a moment to bury the dead below the building. Then, we were back out in the rain. We took a moment to swing by the building they had been using as a prison and let Toph free them, telling them to head for the bar and stay there for now, before hurrying towards the meeting point.

As we went, Toph bumped my side. "That was fun."

"Fighting does get the blood pumping," Suki agreed from the other side, casting a sidelong look at Toph. "You handled yourself well back there." She turned a smile on me as well. "You too, Zuko."

"You weren't so bad yourself," I chuckled. "Nice moves with the ninja stuff. I'm a little scared to see what you girls can really do if you put your minds to it."

"Heh," Suki laughed quietly. "It's nice to be appreciated for your hard work, especially when we don't get many chances to really show off. I'll tell the girls you said so."

"Yeah, yeah," Toph nodded. "So~… Long boat ride to catch up to the other pirates when we're done here. It'll be hours."

"Time enough to get some food and catch some sleep before we deal with the other group, yeah," I agreed, turning an amused look on her as I had an idea of where she was going.

"You shouldn't just go to sleep straight after," Suki shook her head. "You should take some time to blow off some steam and remind yourself of the joys of life."

I held in a quiet snort. "Is that something Kyoshi passed down?"

"Yes, actually," Suki nodded, grinning. "It helps build team cohesion, you know."

Toph frowned, sending an annoyed look around me at Suki. "You're really just gonna go for it, huh?"

The redhead sent Toph a smile. "I'm just saying that the girls and I are going to spend the night enjoying ourselves, before we turn in. You're both welcome to join us."

The shorter girl sighed, before glancing at me. I sent her a smile. "I'll bring the pai sho set."

"We've got playing cards," Suki offered.

Narrowing her eyes, Toph asked, "No funny business?"

Suki sucked in a breath and winced. "I can't promise that," she shook her head. "Whatever you're thinking, they're going to want to do, and then some. Kyoshi help us if one of them brings alcohol."

"Surprised you're not playing some strip variant of whatever card game you've got in mind," I mused, and Suki's face lit up in a grin.

"Don't tell the others that, unless you want to lose all of your clothes," she warned, before eyeing me up and down, then blatantly doing the same for Toph. "On the other hand, could be fun…"

Toph… actually seemed to be considering it, as she eyed me up like a slab of beef. Meeting her gaze, she grinned. "Only if you're all playing," she finally offered.

"Deal," Suki agreed.

"Fine. I'll go along with it," I agreed. "On the condition that anyone caught cheating loses instantly and has to strip entirely."

Suki snorted a laugh. "That's not gonna go the way you think it is."

"Anyone caught cheating, huh?" Toph hummed, hiding her own grin.

Shaking my head, I asked, "How much further?"

Sighing, Toph paused and tilted her head. "Not much further to the tunnel leading to the interior. Most of the other groups are already there. Only the other Kyoshi Warriors are still on the way. They're close by. No one else around, so it's safe if you want to make some light."

Nodding, I created several orbs of chi and sent them floating around us, lighting the way and allowing us to speed up as we made for the tunnel. The other girls spotted the light and joined us just before we got to the tunnel, and I doused most of the lights to keep anyone on the other side from seeing us as we passed through, leaving just one to see by and keeping it hidden behind Toph's body, walking in front of us since she didn't actually need it to navigate.

"How did it go?" Suki asked, and the other four quickly caught her up.

We stepped out of the tunnel and spotted the lights of the fort town that had been erected shining in the middle of the caldera forest and I doused our light, leaving us in the dark—since up here, any source of light would absolutely stand out. I channeled my chi and the world lit up in infrared, allowing me to see, if not as well as with my normal sight. A very brief signal flashed from deeper in the forest. I flashed a small flame on the end of my finger in answer before putting it out.

"Uncle and his men are in position and waiting for us," I translated.

Toph took my hand. "The path is steep. I'll guide us down."

I took Suki's hand and the other girls did likewise, forming a line as we made our way down in the dark. When we got to the bottom of the caldera's slope, I conjured fire for everyone to see, since the trees provided cover and as long as we stayed on the path, then in theory anyone moving in this close should be one of their own patrols if we were spotted from a distance.

We found Uncle and the others waiting at the entrance to the tunnel we had made to get into the fort the first time we were here. Toph quickly opened the way and we made our way in out of the rain. Once the tunnel was sealed up behind us, I created more chi orbs as Toph expanded the surrounding area of the tunnel into an underground chamber, complete with chairs and table, so we could all stand and sit comfortably.

"How did everyone do?" Uncle asked as we sat.

"Ours went off without a hitch. There were only four people who weren't pirates in what passed for their bar. One of them is from Kyoshi, so we'll need to go back for her later. Toph freed a few prisoners who should be waiting with them," I explained, and he nodded. "What about you?"

"The east and west are secure. There were not many men guarding them, and few prisoners," Uncle answered.

"All the prisoners from the village have either been loaded on the ship or are waiting in the northern port," one of Suki's girls continued.

Smiling, Uncle nodded. "Then all that is left is this fort. Toph, if you would?"

The top of the stone table shifted, walls and buildings springing up from the surface. The buildings were all missing their roofs and inside, she had left pebbles to represent people. A few groups of pebbles moved slowly along the streets.

"There are people scattered all over the place. It's gonna be messy," she began, before tapping one of the larger buildings in the fort town—what I remembered was another bar and/or brothel. "Most of them are here, doing about what you'd expect. Lots of people who may or may not be pirates—men and women both, from what I can tell. More prisoners here," she pointed out another large building nearby.

"You're sure they are prisoners?" Uncle asked, and Toph nodded.

"Stone cell doors, so yeah. I think it's where they keep the prisoners when they're not working, but some of those cells are open and people are screwing, so…" she trailed off with a shrug as Uncle made a face.

"Mm." Uncle stroked his beard as he considered the map and the people on it. "There is a significant danger to the innocent. We will have to be cautious and act with discretion."

"We should hit the patrols first," Suki suggested, and Uncle nodded. "Leave that to me and my girls."

"You need me to go with?" Toph asked, and Suki shook her head.

"No, we'll be fine. As long as we know generally where they are and which direction they're going, we'll be able to find them quickly."

"And the prisoners?" I asked, and Uncle smiled.

"I'll leave that to the two of you," he nodded to me and Toph.

Looking to Toph, I asked, "Think you can do that trick you pulled at the port and stick the villagers underground while we handle the pirates?"

"The ones on the ground floor? Sure. Can't do anything about the ones on the next floor up."

"Why not pull everyone on the ground floor under? Or the entire building, if that's possible?" Suki asked, and Toph shook her head.

"I'm pretty sure there's another earthbender in there. If we're trying not to kill the prisoners, then pulling another earthbender underground where they might panic and accidentally squish everyone is a bad idea. I'm strong enough that I could overpower them normally, but if they panic, I might not be able to stop whatever they do in time."

"Yeah, let's avoid that," I agreed, earning a nod from Uncle.

"Okay. The top floor, then. That's where we start the assault. We'll move in and handle them after we deal with the patrols," Suki nodded. "We can clear the top floor quickly and quietly. No one will know we're there. That just leaves the buildings on the exterior and the lower floor of the brothel."

Uncle nodded, turning his gaze on me. "How do you think we should divide our forces, Zuko?"

I let out a quiet sigh. "Is now really the time for one of your lessons, Uncle?"

"Life is a lesson, nephew. You should always seek to learn more and work to sharpen your mind."

I rolled my eyes, but considered the options available. "The exterior is too spread out to cover without likely alerting someone to our presence, and if we try to go building by building with a small group, it's going to take forever. Time we don't really have, if we want to catch up with the fleet heading for Gaoling." At that, Uncle nodded, but remained silent. "Send the troops. Teams of two. Sweep for civilians. Rescue any they find, but if all they find are pirates, burn 'em. As for the brothel…"

I looked to Toph. "Everyone who isn't a pirate underground?" She nodded. "Can you move them out from under the building and bring them out in front of it?"

"Easy," Toph nodded.

I shifted my gaze to Suki. "Everyone upstairs cleared out?"

"We can sneak the villagers out the windows. We'll carry them if we have to. I can't guarantee it'll be quiet though."

"That's fine. I'll give you a distraction, but you're going to want to get clear fast. Let's go."

With that, we made our way down the tunnel and began our assault.
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.
Now with Discord!​
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:Jarudazuigu, Voltrasin, Go-Strider-117 and 979 others
sinereal
Oct 16, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks 36 New
View content
sinereal
sinereal
Punished Tanya. A hero denied by their homeland.
JoinedJan 30, 2021
Messages6,304
Likes received984,375
Oct 18, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,411
Wandering Prince
Avatar the Last Airbender, Zuko SI
36
Commissioned by LurksTheMost.
I waited, watching from my position standing under the eaves of a building across the street from the brothel. In the brief light of a flash of lightning, I spotted figures on the surrounding rooves, jumping across the gap to land on the upper floor.

Alright, that's Suki and her girls moving into position. Time to go.

Pushing myself off the wall I'd been leaning against, I spotted a flare of red light go up before flashing, the sound of the pop lost in the crash of thunder.

And that's Uncle and his men starting their attack.

I slipped inside the front door, leaving a puddle from the water pouring off my cloak as I stood in the entrance and looked around for a moment, taking it all in. The sounds of laughter and conversation filled the air as pirates talked, drank, laughed, and gambled their money away. Off to the side, a younger woman sat with her eyes closed plucking at a pipa, while several more women moved through the crowd, serving drinks and food, and trying to dodge groping hands—while a few of them had been outright pulled into the pirates' laps and didn't look like they were enjoying themselves as they were being felt up.

No one paid attention to me as I pulled back my hood and made my way towards the bar, taking in the stock of liquor there. Humming to myself, I nodded as I came up with a plan to cause the maximum amount of chaos in the shortest amount of time. Taking a seat, I kept an eye on the crowd and waited for Toph to act.

"What'll it be?"

I glanced over to the bartender and shook my head. "Give me a minute to think on it."

He looked annoyed, but nodded and moved off. Somewhere above, I heard a faint thump, barely audible over the noise of the room. No one seemed to pay it any attention, even as another, louder thump sounded.

Come on already! Shit, we need some way to communicate. What I wouldn't give for a radio.

My thoughts were cut off as the ground rumbled and abruptly, the sounds of the pipa stopped as the woman holding it disappeared. The people nearest looked confused as they looked in the direction of where she had been. Then, one of the serving girls disappeared as a hole opened up beneath her, before closing again. Then another, and another. Sounds of alarm filled the room, which turned into panic when one of the men holding a woman disappeared.

"Alright, who's fucking around wi—ack!"

I hopped the bar, wrenching my knife out of the bartender's throat as I went and stabbing it down into the counter's surface. Grabbing a pair of glass bottles in both hands, I flung them into the crowd. One of them hit a man in the head and shattered, sending him to the floor. The other three hit tables and the floor. In the confusion, I had enough time to grab another four bottles and fling them before anyone could react, but by then, it was too late.

I followed up the barrage of booze with a fireball into the first man. Spilled liquor caught fire immediately as the fire quickly spread across the room and people began to yell. I flung a couple more bottles before one of the patrons rushed the bar. Grabbing another bottle, I smashed it into the side of his head and sent him tumbling to the floor, where the alcohol on his head and clothes quickly caught.

The ground rumbled and I moved, clearing the bar as a boulder came flying over the bar and smashed into the rack behind me. A jet of flame from under my feet sent me over the crowd and caught the wall and bar behind me. Pulling my dao blade, I split it down the middle, coming down between a pair of men and slashing with both. Guts spilled from one as I pulled the sword across his belly, while the other went down as the blade took him just below the knee.

A jet step powered leap launched me at the next, catching him across the neck with both swords in a scissoring motion that didn't quite have the reach for a full decapitation, sending his head tumbling back still attached to a flap of skin as he fell and turning him into a human Pez dispenser.

Bringing one sword around to intercept a blade, I twisted out of the way of a stab from behind and ducked below another bolder thrown at my head. Zeroing in on the earthbender, I launched myself out of the scrum at him, pulling on the fire burning around me and asserting control over it. Twisting in the air, fire roared at head and chest level, flowing out from my swords and sticking to people like napalm.

I caught the earthbender with a flying kick to the chest, but he was a big guy and rooted firmly to the ground with his feet encased in stone. So instead of launching him I kicked off, leaving his chest blackened as I spun just out of reach of a swing of his own massive sword. My feet had barely touched the ground when I shot forward, chi enhanced blades glowing cherry red cutting through the rock around his legs, then through the legs themselves, sending him to the ground with a scream of pain. Leaving him there, I spun through the crowd, dodging and blocking blows as I pulled on the fire again, moving towards the center of the building.

I dropped to one knee as I reached my target, taking a deep breath before bringing my swords down and sending fire spiraling through the room. Men burned as the shutters on the windows blasted inwards, ripped into the conflagration. I waited until the last of the pirates had fallen and the walls, ceiling, and floor were starting to slag. Standing, I took a few steps into the spinning mass of fire before pointing a sword straight up. Fire ripped through the ceiling, blasting a hole through the floor above, then through the roof as it roared up into the air above the brothel. The heat followed with it, boiling the rain and shrouding the area in steam as I quickly cooled the interior

There was nothing flammable left to burn on the lower level, leaving only scorched stone and ash surrounding a circle of stone untouched by the fire. I hurried out into the rain, gasping in great lungfuls of fresh, clean air as the rain poured over me. I let it wash off the worst of the smell, closing my eyes and turning my head up to enjoy it for a few moments as I flicked my swords off and put them back together, before slipping them back into their sheath.

I sensed several presences approaching and cracked an eye open to see Suki and the Kyoshi girls coming from one side and Toph from the other. Both were leading small groups of villagers—mostly women and girls, but a couple of younger men, and even some boys. I didn't like the implications, but it was something to deal with later.

"We good?" I asked, reaching up and scrubbing the water from my hair and face, before pulling my hood back up. A burst of heat flash dried my body, sending steam blowing off of me for just a moment.

"We're good," Toph nodded. "Feels like Uncle and his guys are wrapping things up. I don't sense anyone else."

"Soo… We're done?" One of the Kyoshi girls asked.

Another nodded. "Sounds like we're done."

"Back to the boat?" a third asked, earning nods from the others.

The fourth leered our direction, which prompted the others to do so as well. "Hey~. You guys want to play a game of cards when we get back?"

Suki rolled her eyes. "They've already agreed."

"Yes!"

"Thank Kyoshi!"

"I'll bring the snacks!"

"And I'll track down something to drink!"

"I'm gonna regret this," Toph grumbled, pressing herself into my side as we started down the street towards Uncle.

I put my arm around her shoulders as she leaned against me. "Probably."

"Don't worry, we'll take good care of you~" One of the Kyoshi girls promised, to sounds of agreement from the others.

Then, someone grabbed my ass. I sighed and followed the arm up to Suki, who studiously avoided looking at my face. Shrugging, I reached out and grabbed a handful of her own ass—to the sounds of catcalls from the others. I was pretty sure she blushed, but I couldn't be certain because of the face paint.
Toph grunted as she shoved, throwing her whole body into it. The sand below the ship heaved and slowly but surely pushed the ship back out to sea, turning the front around so it wouldn't have to reverse and could instead simply make a hard turn. Once we were sure it was clear, I picked her up and carried her as I jumped, jet stepping onto the deck of the ship as it got under way.

I took a look back at the island where we'd left the former prisoners, spotting the lights being put out in the building where we had left everyone. After getting all of the surviving villagers in one spot, I had taken an hour or so to heal what I could as the captain and the men got the ship ready to get under way.

While we were doing that, the Kyoshi girls and Toph had hurried back to the island's interior and looted what they could carry—which, with Toph's earthbending, was a lot. The pirates had collected a large amount of gold, jewels, and other things and the girls had come back with who even knew how much. And according to Suki, that was maybe a bit more than three quarters of the total haul. The rest, they had left for the village.

As for what they'd taken… Uncle, Suki, and I were all in agreement. It wasn't really ours to keep. At least, not all of it. We'd obviously be taking some of it for ourselves and the men as payment, but as for the rest, Uncle promised to see that it was evenly distributed among the villages the pirates had destroyed. There was just no way to ensure that everyone got the exact monetary amount that was taken from them, especially when you factored in destruction of property, deaths, bodily harm, rapes, and everything else.

I wished him luck in figuring out that mess and washed my hands of it entirely. I was sure Uncle would do the best he could and that was good enough for me.

Stepping in out of the rain, I set Toph down and dried us off. "What do you think? Shower before we join the others?"

"They're definitely already getting cleaned up," Toph nodded, before grinning at me. "We could save time and water by showering together."

Chuckling, I nodded. "Sure. Let's go. No hanky panky, though."

"Not even a little?" she asked, and seeing her cute pout, I rolled my eyes.

"Maybe a little," I agreed, and the short girl laughed, before grabbing my hand and dragging me off towards our quarters.

Despite getting a little handsy, and a bit of grinding here and there, we managed to get cleaned up and dry without incident—somehow. Toph didn't bother with anything more than a bath robe, while I pulled on a set of pants and a top. As soon as we were dressed, we made our way to Suki and the girls' cabin and knocked.

One of the Kyoshi girls answered and grinned upon seeing us. "They're here!" she called, before grabbing both of us by the hand and pulling us inside.

I immediately realized we had perhaps walked into a trap as the girls, in various states of undress, eyed us up like a pack of hungry wolves—not just me, but Toph as well. I felt a little bit like that one meme of the person on the couch…

Suki patted the seat next to her and I dropped into it, Toph sitting on my other side as the girls piled in around the table. All of them were bare faced and smiling happily. One of them carried a stone tray over—likely made by Toph—and set it down in the middle of the small table between us. Another opened up the bag she carried and pulled out several unmarked bottles of alcohol—one of which was obviously sake, but from the coloration I thought one of the others might be rum, while I wasn't sure about the last one.

"If our resident firebender wouldn't mind?" the girl with the tray pushed it forward and I had a look inside. It was covered in shishkebabs, with half of them being chicken and the other half vegetables. All of them were covered in some kind of sauce that smelled strongly of alcohol and fruit.

"Sure," I agreed, and started picking them up to cook one by one as someone passed out stone plates and cups, and the girls poured drinks.

Beside me, Toph took a sip of whatever she had been handed and let out a quiet hiss. "Blech. That has to be the cheapest sake I've ever had the misfortune of tasting."

"Oh yeah?" Suki asked, sending Toph an amused look as she took a sip of her own. "Expensive tastes?"

"No surprise, she's a Beifong."

"Maybe we should get her to supply the booze next time!"

Toph rolled her eyes. "Not really. But you have to be able to tell the difference. My parents hired a tutor just for alcohol tasting, so I wouldn't embarrass my future husband," she grumbled. A smirk pulled at her lips as she leaned back, openly scratched at her crotch, and belched.

I sighed, sending her a look that said I knew she was just being obnoxious and gross on purpose. "Really?"

"You embarrassed yet?" she asked, wagging her eyebrows before slugging down the apparently crappy sake.

"We're not in public, so no." She got a look in her eyes at that and I glared at her. "Don't you dare."

"Oh, I'm gonna," the brat grinned, and I realized I had only succeeded in egging her on.

"If you do it, you get a spanking," I warned.

Toph leered. "Well now I'm definitely doing it~."

The Kyoshi girls shared a grin before one of them quietly said, "One of us."

That set the rest off as they took up the chant.

"One of us!"

"One of us!"

"One of us!"

"Girls," Suki groaned, blushing as she palmed her face. "Can you try not to scare them away?"

They considered it for a moment, before one grinned. "Sure Suki."

"Yeah, we haven't even gotten to the good part yet."

"Zuko~! You haven't touched your drink!"

"Yeah, drink up!"

I sent them an amused look as I finished cooking another skewer and put it on a plate. "Somehow, I have this sneaking suspicion that if I don't keep my wits about me, my virtue might just be in danger."

"From us? How could you think that, Zuko?!"

"We would never get you and Toph drunk and take advantage of the two of you!"

"Yeah, we'll do it while you're sober."

"It's Suki you have to watch out for!"

I glanced over at Suki, who rolled her eyes. Nodding, I started on another skewer. "Yeah, I can see who the real danger is here."

"Kyoshi give me strength," Suki sighed quietly, before sending a light glare my way. "And you should really stop encouraging them."

"Eh, I'm sure it'll be fine," I sent her a smile, as the other girls tittered, sharing mischievous looks I probably wasn't meant to see.

Soon enough, the food was cooked and we dug in. As we ate, I asked, "So, what was life like on Kyoshi Island, growing up?"

"It was so boring~!" one of the girls whined.

"All Suki wanted to do was train!" another nodded.

"Train, and go on adventures," the third pointed out. "It was great."

The last one sighed, sounding a bit wistful. "It just hasn't quite been the same without Mingxia."

I raised an eyebrow, but it was Toph who asked, "A friend?"

"A sister," Suki murmured. "She didn't agree with Oyaji's isolationist policy. She felt that the island was slowly dying because of it. A famine brought everything to a head. Mingxia wanted to use the situation to convince the other village heads to pressure Oyaji to open the island up more to outsiders and trade. I disagreed. We all worked together to go out and gather wild edible plants to help with the situation. It worked long enough to get the island back on our feet. She still wanted to try to convince Oyaji and asked me for help. I," Suki hesitated. Sighing, she held out her empty cup to her sister and waited until it had been refilled, before taking a sip. "I refused. Oyaji shut her down. So she left Kyoshi Island for the mainland. We haven't heard from her since."

There was a quiet smack! as one of the girls smacked the one who had mentioned Mingxia. "Ow! What was that for?!"

"Killing the mood, idiot!"

"We're supposed to be celebrating, not moping!"

"Yeah! How are we supposed to convince them to fool around with you two bringing down the mood?!"

Toph laughed, tossing her empty skewer at the girl who'd said that. "Get the cards out already. And no more talking about the past! If either of us starts, we're going to need more booze than what you brought."

"Hmm. How about the more recent past?" Suki asked as she leaned away long enough to fumble for one of their bags. Rifling through it, she came out with a deck of cards—middling quality and well worn, but legible. "This is the first time we've ever left Kyoshi Island. Can you tell us about some of the places you've been? The things you've done."

"Everything must look so different from the air."

"Yeah, with a ship that can fly, you could go anywhere."

"Leave your troubles behind on the ground. Just you and your lover, soaring above the clouds…"

"So romantic~," one of them sighed.

I hummed, considering for a moment as Suki cut the cards and began dealing. The cards were a typical set found practically everywhere. The back of this set was printed with flowers that had faded with time and use. From the way the girls all eyed the cards like hawks, I had the feeling that they knew every card just by the backs.

There were fifty-seven cards in a deck, those being four elemental themed suits numbered one through ten, sixteen face cards based on the four elemental nations' rulers, and one card either left blank or printed with a symbol each for all four elements. The most common game worked a bit like poker meets elemental rock-paper-scissors.

A lot of the combinations were the same, just by different names—two/three/four of a kind, runs/straights, flushes, and so on. The elemental aspect came in with certain elements having advantage over others—fire beat wind, wind beat earth, earth beat water, water beat fire, while fire and earth or water and wind were of equal rank against each other. Face cards all numerically counted as ten, but were considered wild—so for example, four ones and a face card counted as both five of a kind and fourteen, and would beat an actual four of a kind of anything valued less than fourteen, so four fours or better would be needed to beat it.

Then there was the blank or avatar card. It was, in short, an instant 'I win' button in most instances. It was possible to beat it, but only if you were allowing players to team up against each other, and only if they each had at least one face card. It'd take, at minimum, four face cards and the rest of the cards in the combined hand being very valuable to beat an avatar—because you were never playing against just the avatar card, but whatever else whoever had it had in their hand.

Of course, introducing a team play element led to the usual politicking, bribery, backstabbing, and so on that you'd expect. Of course, the player with the avatar or blank could team up with someone else, but there could really only be one winner and in any team up it was always the player with the avatar card, so that didn't usually tend to happen. Better to take out the avatar and let the other players fight among themselves.

Luckily, there was only one truly unbeatable hand in the entire game, and the odds of getting it were vanishingly small.

"Romantic, huh?" I finally decided on a story as I did my best to hide my cards and went over what I had—six and seven of water, three of earth, nine of wind, and a Fire Lord.

Toss the three and draw when it comes to my turn and hope for an eight, or a water, I mused.

"So after we left the north—" I paused as Toph tugged at my sleeve. I looked over to see her sending me a silent look.

Toph. Who had only recently gained sight. Who, while an absolute shark when it came to most gambling games, had never been able to see the cards and thus couldn't play.

Toph, who was entirely too prideful to actually admit that and ask for help. And especially not in front of a crowd.

I chuckled and pulled her into my lap and used my hands to shield the back of her cards while I looked them over. One, two, four, and five of earth and an eight of water. Smiling, I leaned in and kissed her neck, earning a quiet sound from her and some side eye from the Kyoshi girls a I traded my three for her eight—bartering between players typically being allowed.

"Five in sequence of the same suit. It's a good hand," I explained quietly into her ear, earning a nod. Louder, I quickly explained the basics while the others began dickering between themselves—and from what I caught of their quiet conversations, and the sheer cohesion and lack of conflict going on there, I could tell they either already had a plan worked out ahead of time or they were all simply of one mind working towards the same goal.

Suki was the only one who hadn't engaged in any trading—having sat her cards face down in a stack, hidden under a fold of her robe. That worried me. There were only a few reasons not to do at least a little wheeling and dealing—either a hand full of paint, or a hand so good whoever had it thought they couldn't be beat.

"Alright, that's enough," Suki spoke up, putting an end to the politicking phase.

"Alright. I'll bet my robe. And," the first Kyoshi girl laid her cards flat and passed them to Suki, "redraw. Maybe don't give me crappy cards this time, Suki!"

"All of the worst cards for you," Suki grumbled, tucking the cards to the side and dealing out a new hand.

I frowned as I realized what had happened. The Kyoshi girls had traded off all of their worst cards to one of their number, who had to take the gamble on swapping them for fresh cards. The other three likely now had better hands. And judging by the way the first girl's face lit up without even looking at the tops of the cards, she likely knew she had face cards in her new hand.

They're all playing against me, aren't they? Fine. At least I've got Toph in my corner, and Suki seems to be at least trying to be neutral.

The turns went around the table until they came to Toph. "So I want to go with this hand?" she asked, and I nodded.

"Yep. Don't do anything with it this turn," I confirmed. "Just make your bet."

"My robe, duh," she rolled her eyes.

"Sure, I guess I can match that," I chuckled. "Nothing for me, Suki."

The leader of the Kyoshi Warriors nodded. "Same bet for me. Show 'em. As the dealer, I'll hold and go last."

The first Kyoshi girl turned her cards over and sighed. "Damn. What a terrible hand."

I blinked at the entirely flat delivery, and the absolute trash she had just revealed. "I thought…" I frowned. Something wasn't right here.

"Hah. Me too," the next one's acting was a little better. I was beginning to see a pattern.

"Hold on—"

The third already had her robe off as she tossed her cards on the table, flashing her tits with a wink in my direction. "Oh no~ I lose~!"

"Wait a minute—"

"Suki's bad luck must have rubbed off on me too," the last one sighed, dropping yet another crap hand on the table.

I looked at the cards arrayed and felt my eye twitch. All together, if they had actually arranged things properly, that would have been at least two straights and two four of a kind. And yet, shuffled up as they were, they were completely worthless.

In my lap, Toph laughed as she threw down her own cards and the other girls immediately tossed their robes aside. "Looks like we've been played." Grinning, she rubbed her firm little ass against my crotch. "Your turn."

Sighing, I tossed my cards down in disgust. In my preparing to beat the other girls, I had known my hand would beat Toph's and she knew it too—which was why the little gremlin in my lap laughed as she pulled off her own robe. "Played like a fucking pipa. You all planned this, didn't you?"

"We didn't plan anything! Zuko, after all we've been through together, after I let you fondle my tits—"

"You let him what?!"

"You can't steal a march!"

"Zuko, you have to fondle the rest of us to make it fair!"

"—how could you think that?!"

"We're innocent in all of this!"

"Don't you see, the real culprit was sitting beside you this whole time?"

"Like, we're good, but Suki's the one with the magic fingers!"

I focused on Suki, who sat with as dignified a look as she could muster under the circumstances. "Don't listen to them. They would say anything right now to stay out of trouble."

"Uh huh. You as well, Suki?" I asked, sending her a skeptical look.

She sent me a small smile and pulled her cards out from under her leg. One by one, she began to lay them out. Fire Lord. Wind monk. Water chief. Earth king. Avatar. The most statistically improbable hand in the game. It'd be the equivalent of a royal flush, except the odds of drawing the avatar—the fifth card required to make it—were one in fifty-seven. To get that without needing to swap anything out or barter anything, on the very first hand of the very first game…

I suspected foul play, but this was Suki. Miss 'play by the rules' herself. The one who spent most of her time riding herd over her teammates/friends/sisters to make sure they didn't step out of line.

"Of course, I never said they were wrong," her smile turned into a grin. "Now, about your bet. I'll be collecting on that now."

I stared at her. She stared back. Sighing, I pulled off my top, leaving me in nothing but the pants I'd put on under it. "You only cut the cards, you didn't shuffle."

The leader of the Kyoshi Warriors grinned as she began collecting the cards, then handed the deck to the next one, who I watched actually shuffle everything. "You're right. You caught me," Suki chuckled. "I guess I lost after all." Then, to my surprise, she pulled her own robe off and set it aside.

"So~… Shots per hand?" one of the girls suggested.

"Pfft, screw that. I want to actually remember what happens next."

"Yeah, and I don't really want to wake up feeling like Suki sat on my head."

"How about… Whoever wins gets to kiss the loser?"

Toph snorted. "Screw that," she rolled her eyes, then shifted around in my lap until she was straddling me. Bright green eyes stared into mine as she sent me a mischievous grin and ground herself into my crotch, and the bar of steel hidden away by my silk pants. "I'm done playing. Get the lights."

I reached up and squeezed her hips. "Didn't take you for an exhibitionist."

"Yeah, well, it wouldn't be the first time we've done it under their noses," the gremlin in my lap grinned.

I nodded, conceding the point. "True. They did cut holes in the wall of our room just so they could watch."

"I was talking about that time underground," Toph murmured, reaching down and sliding a hand into my pants as the others scrambled around the room and began putting out or turning down lamps.

"Wait, when did that happen?"

"Who cares?!"

"Haha yeah, who cares," Suki chuckled.

I was about to use the opportunity to tease Suki a bit, but Toph's hand fished me out of my pants and she impaled herself on my cock with zero hesitation or lead up, a quiet sigh slipping from her lips as I groaned, burying my face into her perky tits. "Little warning, next time."

Toph made to say something, only to cut off with a quiet, "Mmf?" as Suki slipped in close and stole a kiss.

They broke away a moment later, an entire silent conversation passing between them in a moment, before Toph sighed and nodded, then slowly began working her hips back and forth.

Suki chuckled. "Alright girls, let's have some fun~."

As I found myself surrounded by sexy, naked, athletic girls all demanding attention, I realized I might just be in trouble.

Best kind of trouble to have, I grinned, as I squeezed Toph's ass and kissed one of the Kyoshi girls.

For just a moment, my mind wandered. I wonder how Yue's doing.

Then, I had no room for spare thoughts, as I found both of my hands captured—one by Suki, the other by one of the girls. They pressed themselves into my side, their breath hot in my ears as they guided my hands to their crotches.

"Let's make it a night to remember," Suki whispered, and I couldn't help but agree.
Spoiler: Links to my stuff.
My subscribestar. Commissions by Subscribestar, $10/1k words (comms for new stories currently closed, only accepting comms for chapters of existing stories). Ko-Fi also exists, because tips are untaxed.














